the informant written by Scott Z. burn base on the book by kurt eichenwald 1/15/03 a series of GREEN / gold vertical streak move across the screen from right to leave . we hear a happy and informative man 's voice .. . we will come to know this voice as MARK whitacre be ... whitacre ( V - 0 - ) you know that orange juice you have every morning ? you know what 's in that ? freeze on one of the green / gold streak as it rack into to focus . we have be dolly through ... 1 exterior corn field 1 hold on a single stalk of corn in the center of frame . whitacre ( v.0 . ) corn . and we be off again , dolly past the green / gold streak of harvest high september corn . whitacre ( v.0 . ) be and you know what 's in the maple syrup you put on you pancake ? you know what make it taste so good ? freeze again on a single stalk of corn whitacre ( v.0 . ) corn . again , the dolly be on the move -- the corn plant strobe past . whitacre ( v.0 . ) when you get grass stain on you good pants , you know why the detergent mom use can get they clean again ? freeze on corn stalk whitacre ( v.0 . ) that 's right . c2rn. a huge combine enter frame and turn down a row . the camera follow it . we be in the middle of a massive corn field in southern illinois . the wind create swell in the corn like a great green and gold sea . the farm equipment accelerate as do whitacre ... draft : 1/15/03 2. whitacre ( v.0 . ) there 's corn syrup in the capsule you take for you allergy , com starch in my beer , even corn oil in the paint we be put on the barn ... corn fly through the air and into the collect bin . whitacre ( v.0 . ) . Bacon and egg be really just corn and corn when you think about what they feed the chicken and the pig . and when you be good and help with the trash , you know what make the big green bag biodegradeable ? we reach the end of a row . the combine turn to harvest another row revealing ... a porsche 911 speed down US highway 36 ... 2 interior porsche 911 - continuous 2 whitacre , 33 , drive he young son alexander , 6 , to school . whitacre be as happy as God make creature . Alexander sip he half - pint carton of orange juice . whitacre do you ? Alexander hazard a guess . alexander uh-huh . corn . whitacre corn starch . but , daddy 's company do not come up with that one -- dupont do ... whitacre tussle he hair . they drive by a gas station in the middle of the cornfield . he continue he ode to corn in he head ... whitacre ( v.o. ) ethanol be make of corn ; that 's adm . car corn . like gasoline . but they also use it for scotch , gin and vodka ... corn and tonic ... corn gimlet ... corn on the rock . draft : 1/15/03 3. the car accelerate to pass a tanker truck with adm : supermarket to the world emblazon on the side . the 911 be warpe in the reflection ... whitacre ( v.0 . ) porsche or porsh - a . I have hear it both way . Three year in Germany , I should know that . what 's the german word for corn ? the word I really like say be " kugelschreiber . " that 's " pen " -- all that syllable just for " pen . " a pen sign a ledger whitacre sign in with the security gate at archer daniel midland headquarters in decatur . a sprawling industrial facility that make most of what America eat . grain elevator , cool tower , processing plant , load dock and a six story concrete bunker of a office building . he park he car in a monogramm space . 3 interior adm headquarters-continuous 3 whitacre walk across the open trading floor where soy and corn future from around the world be display on a tote board and into he glass wall office . he have a kind word for everyone . smile flash like a casino sign . he see he pal kirk Schmidt from accounting ... whitacre hey there , howdy . hey , kirk , we get to get out and hit some ball ... Morning ... gute tag ... whitacre scan the room full of busy co-worker . his secretary , liz taylor , 35 , wear earring that be ear of corn make of gold . whitacre ( v.o. ) what do they pay kirk . . . what do a guy like that get ... 100k ... I bet he get a 100 . he 's just go to sit behind that desk and ride it into the future ... liz taylor Morning Mark ... they have lysine result ... she hand he a folder . he open it and scan the data . he nod . draft : 1/15/03 4. L 4 interior lysine plant - a few minute later 4 whitacre walk among the giant fermenter -- he 's join by a discouraged foreman . they check various gauge and dial show proof of failure . discouraged foreman we adjust the dextrose again , but the vrus keep show up - think we have it surround this time . we be start a new set of culture ... whitacre we will vet it . we just gotta stay after it . the thing eat sugar and that 's what we be give they -- a warm place fill with sugar . they walk into a clean room full of flask mechanically shake like paint can -- it 's too loud to speak . each flask be connect to a feed tube -- the culture be administer to by a half dozen bio tech worker . whitacre watch . he focus on one worker -- she 's asian . she add some nutrient to the feed line . whitacre ( v.o. ) a positive mental attitude be a real important thing . they have do study where heart patient who have people praying for they actually do better than one who do not . there 's science for you . the cheerleader might make a difference in the game after all ... how do you know what the electrical energy of a think actually do when it 's out there in the world ? it 's gotta go somewhere ... so you might as well smile . take less muscle than frown ... whitacre close the door on the very loud room . 5 interior adm boardroom - later 5 whitacre sit with mick andreas , vice Chairman , 45 , and terry wilson , 55 , President . a overhead projector display the desultory performance of whitacre 's division . a dreas the fuck thing be suppose to produce 113 thousand ton annually . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 5. andreas ( cont 'd ) we be not gonna get anywhere near that . we get 150 million dollar in cost over there guy . I can see the fuck thing from my swim pool and it make I want to drow myself every morning . wilson do the japanese have this kind of problem with lysine ? a dreas ( to whitacre ) I do not give a shit about the japanese . you just gotta get the goddamn lysine bug to eat the dextrose and shit we out some money . whitacre we be still have problem with this virus . andreas I do not want to hear about the damn virus anymore . Terry , what be we lose a month ? wilson we be off like seven million per . andreas that 's not gonna fly much longer . you want to go in there next quarter and tell the board that we be suck hind tit on this ...cuz ' I sure do not . he give whitacre a cold , hard , we be -- done-fuck - around - glare . andreas fix the goddamn plant , or we be gonna shut it down . the last light go out . a ear of corn on a dinner plate a pad of butter melt . 6 interior whitacre mansion kitchen - evening 6 whitacre stare at the ear . his wife ginger , 33 , and Alexander dine with he . draft : 1/15/03 6. Ginger and Mark have know each other since High School . she be homecome Queen then . either would be hard press to envision a life without each other . ginger you be not hungry , corky . whitacre be distract . Ginger cut up Alexander 's food . whitacre ( v.0 . ) the pilgrim love the corn -- they come for the religious freedom but they stay for the corn -- but its miss three of you eight essential amino acid -- especially lysine . that 's why the Indians eat it with bean or lime . you feed a chicken corn and it get sick . yo feed it corn and lysine and it go from egg to supermarket fryer in six month instead of eight ... whitacre gaze over at a plate of fry chicken , and then at he wife . she have get dress up for dinner . she look pretty . whitacre ( v.o. ) breast and thigh in six month ... whitacre you look great . ginger they get the first wall of the stable up today . you see that ? whitacre they be do this thing in hydroponics where they be feed lysine to jumbo shrimp ... imagine you be a sh rimp and one day some corn go float by , what do you think about that ? Alexander smile . ginger I do not know what I would think about that . whitacre there 's a open in Mexico - - they might need I to go down there and get thing set up ... Alex , what do you think about Mexico ? draft : 1/15/03 7. alexander I think we be get horse . 7 interior adm - week later - evening 7 whitacre be work late -- pour over the fail lysine number . whitacre ( v.o. ) I would rather take a lot of pain killer in a. hotel room than jump off a bridge ... or use a gun . a gun on you temple -- why do that ? what do that say ? pain killer , definitely ... lie down in a great big hotel bed - what 's , that place in Hong Kong on the Kowloon side ? the Regent ? what a bed ! if you think about it , that do not mean anything -- it 's normal to think thought ... his secretary , liz taylor , buzze he on the intercom . whitacre be -- yeah ? liz taylor ( on the intercom ) there 's a call , I can not pronounce he name , he say he work for ajinomoto Corporation . whitacre pick up . whitacre Mark whitacre . fujiwara ( o.s. ) hello , Dr. whitacre ? my name be fujiwara from ajinomoto Corp ... I want to discuss with you lysine if you have a moment . Liz poke she head into the office and mouth the word " good night " to she boss and leave he alone with fujiwara . whitacre hey , sure . . . how you guy make out over there ? draft : 1/15/03 8. 8 exterior gas station outside of decatur , illinois - night 8 whitacre on he way home from work , this time in a jeep cherokee , fill up the tank . a service station employee be change the price of gasoline . another customer give a sucker to she teething brat to pacify she . whitacre ( v.0 . ) Sixth grade . marty blocker use to sell we charm 's blow pop for three cent , which be a great deal cuz at Valley drug they cost a nickel . he say he dad work for charm -- say he invent the blow pop and get a special deal -- like a life time supply . then they open he locker .. cuz of all the ant ... in a line .. . his dad work for the post office , he come down to the school in he uniform . nothing ever happen to marty -- just ant ... he blow off part of he thumb on the 4th of July with a m - 80 ... 9 interior mick andreas ' office adm - morning 9 at 6:30 the next morning whitacre walk across the adm trading floor and straight into Mick andrea ' office look flustered . whitacre Mick you be not go to believe what the hell 's happen . I think I know the reason why we have be have all this problem at the plant . andreas well , I have only be ask you to come up with one for the past eight week . I be all ear . whitacre pace . his story come out in a rush of word . andrea listen silently . whitacre it 's not start - up problem like we think . it 's the japanese . this guy fujiwara from ajinomoto , he 's be call I -- sometimes at work , sometimes at home cuz of the time difference -- you meet he , he be here a couple of week ago . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 9. whitacre ( cont 'd ) well last night he call I at home just after 8 , and Mick , he know everything . he say to I , ` you remember the total nightmare you have during May , June and July ? ' and before I can ask he what he mean he say , ` that month when adm be lose about seven million dollar a month in the lysine business ? ' whitacre stare at andrea in shock -- no one outside the company should know that . andrea be still stone face . whitacre I could not believe it . but , Mick before I can even ask he how he get that number , he start make little comment about we have microbe problem . joke , like he 's toy with I . whitacre be fume now -- he voice unnaturally high . whitacre and then he tell I that one of we high pay employee be actually a employee of ajinomoto and be sabotage the plant . they be inject some kind of virus into the dextrose and contaminate the whole deal . that 's the problem . I will tell you Mick , it 's like rising Sun , that crichton book , it 's just like it . fujiwara even say that he boss , ikeda , would have he kill if he know he be call . so I ask he why he be talk to I and he say -- he say -- he want 10 million dollar . 10 million and he will tell we who the saboteur be and give we a new lysine bug that 's immune to the virus . we could be up and run in three day ... andrea pause , take it all in , and then ... andreas how well do you know this guy ? whitacre uh , um , well I meet he a few week ago when he come over . and then , he call a couple of time ... andreas so , not very well ? draft : 1/15/03 10 . R whitacre very well ? no , I can not really say that . andrea ponder the situation . andreas okay , if you hear from he again -- talk he down on the price . I want you to find out the least amount of money he would settle for . if we can get a bug that 's resistant to the virus , it might be worth it ... but , I want you to keep this quiet , if there be a mole , we do not want he to know we be onto he . 10 exterior whitacre mansion - evening 10 whitacre stand with a cocktail in the fade light , look at the foundation for the new horse stable be build across the road from the main house . there be not another home anywhere nearby . whitacre ( v.0 . ) R this would be a great place for some outlet store ... people would come from all over Southern Illinois and probably Missouri , too . famous name brand label and appliance at savings of up to fifty per cent every day . maybe a food court with a mexican place . . . after the stable , maybe a tennis court or a little pitch and putt by the pool -- that add to resale value like nobody 's business ... whitacre look at the swarm of insect around a street light ... whitacre ( v.o. ) the bird eat the bug , the car eat the bird , the rust eat the car and the new construction eat the rust ... Ginger interrupt whitacre 's grand plan from across the street ... ginger corky , Alexander say there 's a bat in he room . draft : 1/15/03 11. L 11 interior adm - mick andreas ' office 11 whitacre shake he head in disbelief . he pace nervously . stun by the news . whitacre the FBI ! God , no . andrea and MARK cheviron , 38 , tell whitacre of he upcoming FBI interview . cheviron be a barrel chest , linebacker of a man . a former decatur cop who be now private Industry 's version of a bouncer . whitacre I think I be suppose to be get he down on the price . that 's what you tell I to do and I be do it . andreas we be not gonna sit back and let the jap fuck we sideways . whitacre ( off cheviron ) I just do not understand , we be not go to mention it and now he 's in on it ? andreas of course he 's in . if we get a mole then it 's a security issue ... cheviron I will be sit in with the FBI . whitacre but , I already tell you guy everything I know . what 's the point ? cheviron be annoyed by whitacre 's histrionics . cheviron we do not like the idea of talk to the FBI anymore than you do . look , they be just go to tape the guy 's call -- and ask you a few question . no big deal . whitacre shake he head , even more upset . whitacre question , Jesus . draft : 1/15/03 12. andreas we know how the FBI work .. . we can control this . whitacre have he doubt . 12 interior whitacre mansion - day 12 ginger be put away grocery when the phone ring . ginger ( answering phone ) hello , whitacre . 13 interior whitacre's office 13 whitacre be on the phone -- pace like a cage animal . whitacre now , they have get the FBI in on it . first they tell I they be go to pay and be do with it , now they want I to talk to the FBI . 14 interior kitchen -continuous 14 she sit down -- uneasy . this be not like he to be so upset . ginger the FBI ? why do you need to talk to the FBI ? it 's they factory . let they talk to the FBI . whitacre ( o.s. ) I be really uncomfortable about this , baby . there be a lot of thing go on here . ginger what do that mean , " thing ? " whitacre I just mean we have to be careful . ginger whatever you do , corky , no matter what 's go on , just be honest with they and tell the truth . tell the truth no matter what the truth be . draft : 1/15/03 13. he consider she advice and hang up the phone . whitacre look out the window at the cold , gray Autumn day and weigh he option . leave blow across the adm parking lot . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( he seem angry ) it 's spring time in Nigeria - - you can bet they be loving that . sitting around watch the day get longer ; watch the afternoon go by on they rolex and cartier . everyone 's just wait on the mailman ... while the poacher make the elephant extinct . angle on FBI form 302 the name " Mark whitacre " be write across the top . 15 interior adm conference room - evening 15 special agent brian shepard , 43 , sit with cheviron and a very anxious Mark whitacre . shepard wear a rumple dark suit and tie from the day jay Edgar Hoover set a dress code . he have be station in decatur where the odd dead body in a river and a convenience store robbery that traverse state line have make up the last fifteen year of he life . whitacre shift restlessly in he seat . cheviron on the other hand be a old hand at this . he watch whitacre and say nothing . shepard write down everything . whitacre he tell I he want he payment deposit by wire transfer to numbered bank account in Switzerland and the Caribbean . shepard and when be you last contact with he ? whitacre two day ago . but I think he 's get suspicious . I have drag this out as long as I can . if we do not get back to he soon he may back out ? shepard and this call , they have be come in on you home line ? whitacre look at cheviron - - there 's clearly a right and wrong answer here . draft : 1/15/03 14 . whitacre I have a adm line at my house -- a business line -- they have be come in on that . whitacre's Pov drifting from shepard 's face to he adam' apple . the knot of he black FBI tie bob up and down as he speak . shepard whitacre ( v.o . ) ( under ) ( over ) well , we need to start by there 's a sale at bacarach 's -- put a recording device on they get that oscar De La you phone . we should make renta tie that nobody busy -- arrangement to do that as except maybe Wilson -- what soon as possible . we also be they two for one for need a list of everyone in another week ... they never put the bioproduct division to the brioni tie on sale ... . I see if we can see who 's should just get all the tie operate on the inside , in Paris , wear they once or we will want phone record , twice . shove they in a duty employment history and any free bag . other background check that adm may have ... cheviron I can help with that . whitacre so , that 's it then . I can go ? shepard hand whitacre he card . they shake hand . shepard I would like to come out tomorrow and get on that phone . whitacre no problem . thanks for you time . 16 16 interior whitacre mansion entry way - night whitacre come in from a long day at work . Ginger walk in from the kitchen . she give he a welcome home hug -- but he do not let go -- hold on like a man catch in the current . ginger you tell they the truth , Mark . that 's all you can do . a - draft : 1/15/03 15 . whitacre they we be watch I the whole time . cheviron be in the room . she slip from he arm -- disappointed . whitacre I never even get a chance . she do not accept he excuse and head upstairs to bed . ginger Tanya call from school -- she have homework question for you . whitacre stand in the vestibule alone . he walk through the big house shutting off light -- he sit in a chair in the huge live room and leaf through a issue of national geographic . whitacre ( v.o. ) I go to Cornell and get a ph. D. and then to Northwestern and get a mba -- Mick andrea get bear with the vice president of the United States as he godfather . he go - to the Nixon 's for Thanksgiving -- my parent die in a car accident when I be three . I wound up in a orphanage . that be my Thanksgiving ... this photographer must wait forever to get this shot ... although I hear a story that sometimes they will throw a sandwich on the ground to get the panther to come down out of the tree .. . they be just try to do they job .. . where 's the harm -- the panther get to eat . 17 interior cheviron house - night 17 cheviron sit in bed with he wife watch tv . the phone ring cheviron Jesus , it 's late .. . hello ? 18 interior whitacre mansion live room - simultaneously 18 whitacre pace while on the phone -- frantic and rambling . draft : 1/15/03 16 . whitacre now my family 's be threaten , I can not put up with this . cheviron ( o.s. ) what ? whitacre they be threaten my daughter . she get a call at school . she 's fourteen ! cheviron ( o.s. ) slow down , Mark . whitacre she say the guy sound asian . they tell she fujiwara could not wait . cheviron ( o.s. ) do you call the FBI ? whitacre it just happen . he want a answer . or , he say she 's in trouble . cheviron ( o.s. ) we will talk about it in the morning . whitacre I be think about quit . move my family out of here . I can not do this . cheviron ( o.s. ) we will talk in the morning . whitacre put down the phone and walk through the large , dark house . he open the bedroom door and the wedge of light find Ginger already half -asleep . he lie down next to she in bed fully clothed . 19 interior adm - mick andreas ' office 19 cheviron , whitacre and Mick andrea . whitacre be still agitate . andreas you ever mention to fujiwara where you daughter go to school ? draft : 1/15/03 17 . cheviron if the guy want to threaten you -- why not just call you ? whitacre he tell she to write down the message . andreas I want she to tell the FBI what they say . andrea move toward the phone . whitacre I do not want she talk to the FBI , definitely not . cheviron why not , Mark ? come on , if she 's really in danger . andreas then I will talk to she . andrea pick up the phone . whitacre do not want that either . whitacre she 's scared enough . andreas if someone 's threaten she ... a beat . whitacre collapse -- there 's more to this . whitacre do not call she ... no one 's threaten . I , uh ... a long painful beat . whitacre I make it up . I lie . there be not any threat . cheviron shake he head in disgust . cheviron Christ , what a waste of time . andrea lower he gaze at whitacre - - he want a explanation . draft : 1/15/03 18. whitacre I be no good at this . the FBI guy really get to I last night . he 's twist in the wind . whitacre I figure if you guy think my daughter be in danger you would just pay fujiwara and all this FBI stuff would go away . it be a stupid move on my part . whitacre 's ashamed . whitacre ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . stupid , stupid move . he get up and leave in humiliation . he wander through the lobby of adm in a daze . whitacre ( v.0 . ) what be I suppose to do ? I do not get the FBI involved -- I be tell we be pay the money . it 's like , ` whitacre go out for a long pass , ' and then we run the ball . look , I admit I make a mistake , that 's more than I can say for most people . hey , when they find out that Mick 's dad , dwayne , write a check to the watergate burglar -- do he admit it ? besides this guy probably own the FBI with the money they have . they probably want I to move into dwayne 's old house -- because they have get it wire like in a crichton novel ... he wander into he office . liz taylor sid hulse want to know if you can have dinner at seven instead of seven-thirty and marty allison call ... angle on a shrimp cocktail jump shrimp on shave ice . draft : 1/15/03 19 . whitacre ( v.o. ) we be into shrimp now , fish , too . Tilapia , it 's like Orange roughie but lighter - they be grow out there next to the corn ... 20 interior country club of decatur - night 20 whitacre and a very do - up Ginger dine with sid hulse , 35 , the use car version of a lysine salesman at the Club . mauve drape table , botanical drawing of the state flower on the wall . bow-ty wait staff patrol the diner with pitcher of ice water . sid and Ginger chit-chat -- Mark be distract . whitacre ( v.o. ) someone tell I they bugge the dining room -- the John , too . might be pay off the waitress here at the club . that 's how business get do . client go to relieve themselves . adm know ... ginger ( off she earring ) Mark get they abroad . sid hulse Nigeria ? whitacre shoot he a look . whitacre not funny , sid . sid hulse you be tell I . sid laugh . Ginger do not get the joke . ginger Mark 's never be to Nigeria . angle on whitacre's hand under the tale he covertly slide a business card into Ginger 's hand . whitacre ( o.s. ) so , where be you off to tomorrow ? ginger' Pov of the card on the back be scribble , " the FBI be come at 10 pm . " draft : 1/15/03 20 . sid hulse West coast swing -- I gotta get out there and kick some japanese butt . whitacre so , I will see you in a couple of week . she 's still digest what 's on the card -- try to act natural . ginger then you guy can maybe have a chance to play some golf . whitacre throw a arm around she . 21 interior whitacre's lincoln town car - later 21 Ginger and Mark drive home in silence . whitacre ( v.0 . ) there should be a tv show about a guy who call home one day -- and he 's there . he answer -- he 's talk to himself only it 's someone else . he 's somehow divide into two and the second one of he drive away and the rest of the show be about he try to find the guy ... ginger should I get Alexander out of the house ? whitacre it 's not like that -- it will be ok . whitacre ( v.0 . ) what do they do in school to the kid who can not keep a secret -- no BMW for that boy . 22 interior whitacre mansion live room - later 22 Ginger and whitacre . whitacre try to plead he position to he wife -- it 's not as black and white as she assume . ginger just tell they everything . we will leave . I do not like what this company be do to you . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 21. R - ginger ( cont 'd ) this be a chance to go somewhere else . you say Mexico ... whitacre I may tell they at some point , but not now . right now I be go to follow the company line . ginger Mark , adm be not more powerful than the FBI . you can not tell I that . whitacre it 's more complicated than that . her face be a mask of determination . ginger Mark , if you do not tell they I will . behind he the drape be illuminate by headlight in the drive . he be desperate -- he softly repeat . whitacre I can not , not now . the door bell ring . she open the door . whitacre good evening , agent shepard , this be my wife Ginger . whitacre know he have to keep the two of they apart . shepard I know it 's late . I will be out of you hair in a minute , just show I where the , uh ... the line in question ... whitacre right , the office line be upstairs . shepard and whitacre head upstairs leave Ginger behind . shepard any call since yesterday ... angle on ginger she stay on the ground floor and strain to hear if she husband be open up . I draft : 1/15/03 22. whitacre ( o.s. ) it 's tomorrow there . when it 's ten at night here , it 's three in the afternoon in Tokyo ... 23 23 interior whitacre's study - continuous shepard have complete he work . a small tape recorder sit on the desk next to a fax machine . whitacre want he go . shepard whitacre ( v.o . ) simple device here , just make go ahead open up to you sure you hit the record wife , see what it get you . button and the play button spend the rest of you life when he call and you will see explain why you career a red light come on -- do not go out the window , follow hit rewind or you will record by you wife after the golf over it . pro . and you kid after some angle dust and the police be right back here . whitacre hit the record button , right . 24 24 exterior whitacre porch - night whitacre walk shepard to the door where Ginger be wait . shepard I will give you a call tomorrow and we can test it out . whitacre great . hey , thanks for come by , Brian . have a good night . shepard good night . good night , Mrs. whitacre . shepard walk toward he car . Ginger and Mark linger . ginger ( to she husband ) be you go to say something or be I ? Ginger push past he . ginger Brian ? draft : 1/15/03 23. L shepard stop . whitacre have no choice -- he finish she sentence . whitacre ( cont 'd ) you gotta minute . whitacre walk past he wife toward the car . Ginger squeeze he hand as he pass she on the step . whitacre ( v.0 . ) most of what we do be to impress girl -- I bet there be guy -- like circus guy who fall off the tight rope and on the way down all they think about be girl until they hit the ground -- not even about grow wing real fast -- just girl go by - they be go to find out anyway cuz ' of Mick ... who know what Mick and dwayne have be tell they about I already . 25 interior shepard car - night 25 the two man speak in the dome light of shepard 's dodge be dynasty . shepard you want to go back inside ? whitacre I think they might have it bugge . we be safer out here . shepard be confuse . shepard bug ? what ? whitacre take a moment -- but decide to go on . whitacre this use to be dwayne andrea ' house , you know that ? shepard I be aware of that . whitacre there be thing I know , but if I decide to tell you what 's go on , could I be prosecute for it ? draft : 1/15/03 24 . shepard I can not provide you with immunity , but any information you tell I about you involvement in criminal activity would be discuss with the US attorney 's office in a favorable light . whitacre stare forward -- a beat . shepard get out he notebook . whitacre everything I tell you yesterday about fujiwara be true -- except one thing . I never receive a call from he on the office line . shepard look at whitacre - - he 's confuse . shepard why do you tell I that you do ? whitacre before I speak with you , Mick andrea and Mark cheviron coach I on what to say . they tell I to tell you that the call come in on my business line , instead of my home line . shepard why ? whitacre pause again . it 's too late to turn back . whitacre what I be about to tell you involve something very large . this extortion attempt by fujiwara be nothing compare to it . shepard say nothing . whitacre ( cont 'd ) it involve price fix in the lysine business . I have be in several meeting with we japanese and Korean competitor in the past few month where the sole purpose have be to fix price . adm make I go to this meeting . shepard write furiously , struggle to see in the dark . draft : 1/15/03 25 . whitacre that 's why they want I to lie . fujiwara 's call on my home line . but , so be the people we fix price with . they do not want you to hear that conversation so they tell I to say the fujiwara call come in on the adm line . but , I know if you guy ever start look at the record you would see all this call I have to Japan . and that 's what scared I . nobody have more call than I . if you ever figure out about the price fix , I would be the fall guy . shepard consider the explanation . shepard who tell you to participate in this price fix talk ? whitacre pause , summon he conviction . whitacre I be operate under the direction of Mick and dwayne andrea . 26 26 interior whitacre mansion - alexander's room Ginger check on she son . alexander who 's dad talk to ? ginger a friend who need he help . she walk down the hall pause by a window . she can see the two man talk in the car . she turn off the light and get into bed -- stare at the ceiling . 27 27 interior shepard car - later shepard write down everything . whitacre Mick and cheviron have I call fujiwara today and tell he to stop call until thing cool off . shepard they tell you to tell he to stop call ? draft : 1/15/03 26. R - whitacre they be afraid of what you guy might find out . can you give I a tape recorder ? I can prove this if you give I a tape recorder . I will take a polygraph if that help . shepard be out of page in he notebook . shepard I want to thank you for be honest with I tonight . whitacre you be not go to ask question at adm about all this ? it would be my job for sure . shepard no , what be say here be confidential . I be go to speak to my superior Mark , and then we will be in touch . whitacre go back inside he dark house and head upstairs -- he seem unburdene . whitacre ( v.0 . ) he seem like a real good guy ... I mean just a straight shooter . I think we really get along -- I bet he would not mind if I call he " Brian " instead of " agent shepard . " " bri . " " hey , bri .. . " this must be very different for he . talk to a guy like I instead of a bank robber or a drug dealer ... angle on shepard struggle to read he note in the car . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I could see we fishing or whatever . what a good listener -- you do not meet one of that everyday . shepard take out he cell phone . we hear ringing on the other end . a sleepy voice answer . paisley ( o.s. ) yeah , hello . paisley . draft : 1/15/03 27 . I shepard it 's Brian . I just get do talk to whitacre , there 's something much bigger go on here . 28 interior adm - the next morning 28 whitacre try to look natural as he walk to he office , he first day as a whistle blower . no sooner do he take he seat , than cheviron appear bare down on he though he glass wall office . cheviron enter . cheviron what happen last night ? whitacre they put a recorder on my line . cheviron and that 's it ? whitacre yeah , and I be instruct that when fujiwara call , I be to record the conversation . whitacre get buzze by he secretary . liz taylor you wife on two . cheviron well , make sure you do it because they have way of check to see if you be go to or not . whitacre pick up the call and the big bully go away . we hear Ginger very excited on the other end of the phone ... whitacre ok ...0K... slow down ... tell I what happen ... whitacre listen , leaf through he mail . whitacre ( v.0 . ) do anyone win that publisher 's clear House thing ? someone must , right ? otherwise it 's against the law ... someone get a million dollar or someone go to jail ... draft : 1/15/03 28. 29 interior FBI springfield , illinois - morning 29 a small conference room with bad green wall paper and a view of the Illinois Capital Building . shepard brief agent dean paisley and agent in charge kate medford . he search through he large pile of note for the most shocking of last night 's revelation . medford eat she morning yogurt . whitacre ( v.0 . ) 60 minute or someone would come after Ed macmahon . you can not use the US mail that way ... and a guy like Ed macmahon would never get involved ... shepard .a pound of bacon , a peanut butter sandwich , some vitamin - anything that adm have a hand in -- it 's all fix , that 's what he 's tell I . basically , everyone in this country be the victim of corporate crime by the time they finish breakfast ... medford study the ingredient of she yogurt . paisley so , what do we have ? anti-trust violation , provide false information ... 30 interior adm whitacre's office - continuous 30 whitacre be still on the phone -- pace -- the person at the other end of the line be do most of the talk . whitacre ( v.0 . ) who can you trust ? you government ? you employer ? you wife ? you trust you wife ... ok , but what 's the divorce rate ? 31 interior FBI springfield , illinois - continuous 31 shepard he tell I that the motto at adm be ... " the competitor be we friend , and the customer be we enemy . " draft : 1/15/03 29 . L medford do you discuss with he the notion of wear a wire ? be he willing to ... 32 interior adm hallway - continuous 32 whitacre be head down the hall with a full head of steam . whitacre ( v.0 . ) you think the automobile company can not make a car tomorrow that get a hundred mile to the gallon ... you think the tv network do not know who 's go to win the World Series before the season start ... 33 interior FBI springfield , illinois - continuous 33 shepard one potential problem I see go forward with adm be this guy cheviron . he want to be keep in the loop on everything we be do . angle on whitacre piss off . he storm down the corridor of adm . whitacre ( v.o. ) " paranoid " be what people who be try to take advantage call you in a effort to get you to drop you guard -- I read that the other day in a in - flight magazine ... 34 interior adm - cheviron' office - day 34 about a third the size of whitacre 's office with a view of the load dock . whitacre burst in . whitacre you tell I they be only go to tap one line ! cheviron they be only monitoring one line . I draft : 1/15/03 30 . whitacre that 's not true . not true . I just talk to my wife and some woman name Regina from the phone company call say both we line be tapped . my home phone ! cheviron be sick of whitacre 's antic . he do not believe a word . it get a bit heat . cheviron come on , the phone company do not call people and say , `hello just think we would let you know , the FBI be tapping you phone line . ' whitacre then why would Regina say that ? cheviron she do not say it , you be say it . whitacre call my wife . call Regina . cheviron 's tone become condescending -- like he 's talk to a sick person . cheviron Fine , Mark . I will . whitacre storm out . angle on whitacre walk away -- satisfied -- he pass a secretary make copy . she tug on she wool turtleneck . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I do not like wool on skin . not even that merino wool they have at field 's in Chicago . Ginger like it , cuz it 's form fitting , but she like avocados and who want that texture in they mouth ? angle on cheviron cheviron stare at he phone -- and then relent . he pick up the phone , but not to call Regina . draft : 1/15/03 31 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) who would make up someone name Regina ? 35 interior FBI decatur - day 35 on the third floor of some mid-70 's default architecture in the heart of downtown decatur , Brian shepard sit in a office big enough for himself , a small evidence safe , a picture of he family and the flag . out the window the stack of adm send up great white plume . shepard be bone up on anti-trust law when the phone ring . shepard FBI . shepard . cheviron ( o.s. ) Brian , it 's Mark cheviron at adm . shepard yeah , Mark . cheviron ( o.s. ) hey , I ask you guy a couple of day ago which line at Mark whitacre 's house you be go to be monitoring and we agree it would just be the business line . so , that 's all you do right ? beat . shepard I really can not answer that . 36 interior adm whitacre's office - later 36 whitacre stare out through the glass wall drink a coke . Mick andrea and cheviron be make a bee-line for he . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( off the Coke can ) it do not taste the same -- when dwayne andrea get the government to subsidize corn farmer -- it all change . corn syrup get to be cheaper than sugar -- so they go with the high fructose corn syrup from adm .. . they say you could not tell the difference , but that 's just a lie - like when they replace butter with topping at the movie .. . and you know who be behind that ... draft : 1/15/03 32. Mick andrea and cheviron march into whitacre 's office on a mission . andreas we have decide that we be not go to be cooperate with any further FBI request . whitacre put it all together . he be outrage . he turn on cheviron . whitacre I know it ! I know it ! I know we should never have do this . I tell you , but you would not listen . they say just the office line ... cheviron have to eat shit here in front of andrea . cheviron evidently , they be lie to we , too . whitacre sound to I like you can not keep track of what the FBI be do . the phone buzze . liz taylor ( on intercom ) the call you be expect , Mark . whitacre pause -- then pick up . whitacre I be work on this deal in Sweden , I have to take this . whitacre pick up the phone . andrea and cheviron continue . cheviron I tell shepard we be do work with they as of now . andreas damn right . whitacre pick up the phone . it 's not Sweden . shepard ( o.s. ) Mark , it 's Brian can you talk ? whitacre shift uncomfortably and try to cover in front of Mick and cheviron - - he put on a phony cheerful voice . draft : 1/15/03 33. whitacre ( over the phone ) yeah , hey it 's good to hear from you . shepard ( o.s. ) I would like to bring my supervisor by later , around six . whitacre great . hey , I get Mr. andrea in here right now . ok , I will talk to you soon . he hang up the phone and turn back to Mick and Terry . whitacre smile warmly , and then lie through he tooth . whitacre ( cont 'd ) so , what do I do if this shepard guy call ? andreas you let I know and I will pass it on to my dad . but , you be do talk to they ... 37 interior whitacre's barn - evening 37 whitacre sit with FBI agent shepard and paisley in the convert barn . a large open room look more like a theme restaurant than anything that might have once involved agriculture . outside , rusty the gardener , fish leave from the pool . shepard explain the misunderstanding with the phone . paisley the only listen device be the recorder , Mark . shepard we have a trap and trace device on the home line -- but we can not listen in with that . paisley however , the phone company call people and tell they about we Intel gather be , well , we face be red on that one . shepard do you bring the expense report we talk about ? whitacre give they a folder of paperwork . draft : 1/15/03 34 . whitacre it 's all there -- Tokyo , Hong Kong , Paris and Mexico City . and under ... whitacre think about one thing while discuss another with the agent . he be a gift man in this capacity . his thought take precedence here . whitacre whitacre ( v.o . ) just last week Mick and Terry I read in the geographic that be in Florida with the corn the skin in ear grow from refiner 's Association . they the inside out -- conveyor would have they regular belt style . that 's how they meeting during the day and stay clean . you could make a then at night they would get dot with a feel tip inside together and work out the and watch it move down you price fix ... neck . whitacre . six month later a liter of pepsi cost five cent more . shepard when 's the next meeting ? whitacre January -- somewhere in Asia . paisley take it all in . he cozy up to whitacre . agent paisley Mark , I gotta ask you , why be you do this ? we know you lie to we about the phone line and you be afraid of that . but , now you be tell we all this other stuff out of the blue . I gotta ask you why ? the light disappear from whitacre 's eye . whitacre thing be go on I do not approve of . I mean , I be a biochemist -- but , they pull I into the business side and they be do thing that be illegal . they say ... angle on rusty he take the net for clean the pool and walk around the barn to the attach six car garage fill with a Range Rover , Ferrari , mercede coupe , BMW , and a lincoln town car . draft : 1/15/03 35 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) . if I be go to grow with adm I have to be a part of the business side of thing . rusty pull the garage down on the car . 38 38 interior whitacre's barn - continuous whitacre when they tell I to lie , I have to lie . I lie to you guy and I feel real bad about it . this explain the bind whitacre find himself in . shepard you look at yourself as wear a white hat and they be wear black hat . whitacre that 's a good way to put it . you know , when I be a kid my folk die in a automobile accident . I be maybe six at the time and this wealthy man in Ohio adopt I . he own amusement park and he do real well for himself , real well . I get a big break - - go to a good school and all -- I adopt two kid of my own . I just want to do the right thing . paisley well , Mark , do you think you would be willing to go a few step further in help we ? whitacre what do you mean ? shepard would you be willing to wear a wire ? we do not have any other source at this time . we need you help . whitacre consider the request -- a chance to be a hero . draft : 1/15/03 36 . paisley now you realize that by do this , sometime down the line you could be the guy who have to testify against you fellow executive , people you have work with now for year . that will not be easy . he look around at the good life whitacre have amass . shepard I will use my beeper to signal you when it 's time to set up a meeting . shepard get out he beeper and hit a button - " beeeep . " shepard when you hear this -- you call I . then shepard pull a tape recorder out of he jacket -- a simple little Radio shack dictaphone model . he give it to whitacre . paisley you will be risk a lot . whitacre pick up the recorder . the idea of be a White knight only become real when they hand you a sword . 39 exterior coor brewery - golden , colorado 39 whitacre , Wilson and andrea get out of a town car in front of coor corporate headquarters . the Rockies loom in the background . the man walk toward the door . whitacre I be up in Wisconsin last week -- and the guy who be run for Governor ... a dreas Tommy Thompson . wilson the Republican guy . whitacre I be tell they want fund -- a campaign contribution , but I tell they we be already at out limit . andreas you can go over the limit -- it 's just a small fine . draft : 1/15/03 37 . wilson that 's what I be say . if they want a thousand dollar -- you give a thousand . so what if it end up cost we nine thousand after the fine . whitacre twelve thousand after tax . the man laugh . andreas if the guy 's ask you for money , try not give it to he and see what happen . just make sure dad be behind it ... be dad ask for they ? wilson yeah . andreas okay then . whitacre I will let Howard know . he get out he cell phone and begin dial . a fedex employee walk by with a butterfly bandage on he nose . whitacre ( v.0 . ) there be this butterfly in Central America - - they have poison in they wing . just enough poison to stop a bird heart . but , the bird know this somehow so they do not eat they ... through the phone we hear ... whitacre ( o.s. ) hi , you have reach Mark whitacre in adm 's bioproduct division . leave a message . whitacre punch in he code ... whitacre ( v.o. ) they be like blue , orange and yellow . . . real pretty - but , poisonous to bird . over the phone we hear a message . draft : 1/15/03 38. message voice ( o.s. ) Mark , it 's marty allison call from London , we need to ... whitacre hit a button . computer voice message delete . whitacre ( v.0 . ) but , there be other one -- butterfly -- they be orange , blue and yellow , too . but , no poison ... over the phone we hear the next message . cell phone beeeeep . whitacre delete it and hang up . whitacre ( v.o. ) they be just fly around look dangerous -- get by on they look . Wilson and andrea discuss some female employee in a most untoward way . they laugh and wait for whitacre by the door . terry wilson Jesus , Mark this be important bioproduct stuff be discuss . the man enter the building and head for a bank of elevator . whitacre I be sorry guy I gotta return a call . the plant . I will meet you . andrea and Wilson hit the elevator button . whitacre pace across the lobby and talk on the phone . shepard ( o.s. ) FBI . whitacre ( into phone ) hey , it 's Mark . I tell you I be out on business this week . shepard ( o.s. ) the case be get some attention from the bureau , Mark . there 's another agent work with I now . we need to meet . draft : 1/15/03 39 . whitacre yeah , but I be away now . shepard ( o.s. ) any word from fujiwara ? whitacre I think he 's out of the picture . shepard ( o . S . ) base on what ? be andrea tell you to say that ? whitacre I will let you guy know if I hear anything . I can not talk now . I gotta meeting . whitacre hang up . and jog toward the elevator . Wilson and andrea hold the door . 40 interior FBI decatur illinois 40 shepard sit in the small office with he new partner -- bob herndon , 33 , and squeaky clean . if shepard look like he step out of dragnet , then herndon look like he step out of gq . shepard the guy be on a plane half he life , and in meeting for the rest . herndon any tape of this meeting ? shepard not yet , Mr. whitacre believe he life may be in danger ... 41 exterior highway - day 41 whitacre 's life be in danger .. . he 's take a new BMW for a ferocious test drive . a big shit -eate eighty - mile - an-hour spread across he face . shepard ( v.o . ) . he 's closely watch at work and there 's reason to believe that adm have bugge he home . he 's under a great deal of pressure . whitacre look at the cup holder in the beemer . draft : 1/15/03 40 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) the german word for " cup " be tasse , and saucer -- that 's untertasse -- the " undercup . " what do we have -- " cup " and " saucer . " where do that get you ? whitacre pull into the dealership and screech to a halt in front of the BMW salesman . whitacre smile and nod . whitacre we have a good day at work , Tom . a real good day ... 42 42 interior FBI , decatur - continuous shepard and herndon . shepard you should probably take you gun off when you meet he -- weapon make he pretty nervous . 43 exterior whitacre mansion - evening 43 the whitacre family check out the new car . shepard ( v.o . ) you gotta feel for the guy , he tell we the truth one day and wake up the next with two life instead of one . 44 interior mexico CITY airport - day 44 whitacre check he message from a pay phone in the Admiral 's Club in the International Terminal . marty allison ( o.s. ) hey , Mark it 's marty call again and ... computer voice message delete . . . next message . beeeeep . whitacre punch a button . computer voice ( cont 'd ) message delete . whitacre punch the button on he cell phone angrily . draft : 1/15/03 41. L shepard ( o.s. ) FBI . whitacre it 's Mark , Brian . it 's be hard for I to return a page . I be out of the country . shepard ( o.s. ) we need to know if you have any further contact from fujiwara ? whitacre I tell you , the guy have stop call . shepard ( o.s. ) what about the price fix ? have you be able to make any tape . whitacre I think you guy hang around have really scared adm straight , too -- word be we be go to do thing by the book . Mick say it 's over . no more price fix . a pause . shepard be confuse . shepard ( 0.s. ) what ? when do this happen ? this conversation . whitacre Mick sit I down and say ' Mark , we be go to start do thing you way . ' shepard ( 0 . S. ) Mark , the FBI know about this crime -- we be gonna investigate either way . you tell we yourself . whitacre either way ? what do " either way " mean ? shepard ( o.s. ) we really need to get together . both shepard and whitacre be lose they patience . whitacre I tell you , it 's a different attitude now , a different approach . draft : 1/15/03 42. whitacre hang up -- frustrated . he walk over to a table in the club where a middle age german man be wait -- reinhart richter , 40 . there be papers spread out in pile around the man - - stack of loss , gain and opportunity . richter everything ok ? whitacre yeah , fine . kid . where we be we ? whitacre reach underneath he suit coat into he shirt pocket and pull out he pen . richter uh , Mark ... whitacre 's fountain pen have explode in he shirt -- leave a Rorschach across he chest . richter gesture toward the stain . whitacre stare at the stain . whitacre ( v.0 . ) one of the japanese guy tell I a story -- this lysine salesman be in a meeting with someone from conagra or some other company , I do not know - and the client lean forward and say , ` I have the same tie as you ... only the pattern be reverse . " -- and then he drop dead . face down on the table -alive and then ... Dead ... Brain aneurism ... 45 interior hampton inn , decatur - evening 45 shepard and herndon be wait in the most generic of hotel room for whitacre . they check they watch and peak out the drape at a sparsely populate parking lot . they have be there awhile . herndon eat a granola bar and read the side of the package . whitacre ( v.o. ) . maybe everyone have a sentence like that ; a little time bomb ... " I have the same tie as you ... only the pattern reverse . " herndon there it be , " High fructose corn syrup . " shepard be not give up on whitacre , yet . draft : 1/15/03 43. shepard he say andrea call he into a marketing meeting . herndon the government ought to charge he for the room . shepard 's cell phone ring . herndon sigh -- herndon here it come . shepard FBI ... . uh... huh . you be be honest with I , here ... it 's be month Mark - - we need some tape . 46 interior whitacre BMW - night 46 whitacre sit alone in the hampton Hotel parking lot next to the mall , stare up at at a the light of a room . whitacre I gotta go bri , andrea be come . whitacre open he brief case and take out the micro cassette recorder . he look at it like it 's a murder weapon . shepard ( o.s. ) ( over the phone ) Mark , we could be trace this phone call ... whitacre I can not live two life . they just give I a hundred thousand dollar raise . I can not risk my job for you guy . I have get a family . I be building stable across the road . shepard but , you tell we ... whitacre the price fix be over . - . the price of lysine be down to ... and then remember he lie . feebly . whitacre just a minute , Mick ... the window of the BMW be fogging up . draft : 1/15/03 44 . shepard ( o.s. ) Mark , listen to I , the only logical thing for you to do be cooperate . whitacre and what if I do not ? shepard ( o.s. ) then somebody else will and you ' will end up be a defendant . whitacre for how long , Brian ? how long do this go on for ? whitacre push the button on the recorder . he hit eject . there 's no tape in the cradle . shepard ( o.s. ) I wish I could answer that . sometimes year . we will need a lot of tape -- maybe hundred . whitacre but , the tape will not say anything . it 's over . Mick say .. . New policy . shepard ( o.s. ) Fine , if that 's what he say , then I want to hear the tape . we need tape , Mark . a beat -- he finally admit it . the window be completely fogge . whitacre I do not make any , ok ? I do not make any because it 's over . how can I prove it to you ? 47 47 interior holiday inn HOTEL room - night whitacre sit shirtless on the bed with the strap of a polygraph across he torso . herndon fit he with a blood pressure cuff and put electrical clip on he finger . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I like my hand . I think they be probably my favorite part of my body . I think that can be use to my advantage in social situation -- if I can get people focus on my hand then I can get a good result in the meeting . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 45 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) Eye contact be real important , too . I will use the lotion in the hotel room on my hand -- the little bottle . single serve portion .. . Bob have good hand , too . herndon take out a list of question and watch whitacre closely . shepard watch the needle on the polygraph . shepard whitacre ( v.0 . ) now , Bob 's go to ask you what do we lose -- a liter of question , Mark . and you perspiration while we sleep ? just need to answer they with that all go into the a " yes " or " no . " that 's all mattress ? incredible . you have to say . herndon be you marry ? whitacre yes . herndon have you ever lie to better you position ? whitacre no . herndon we be you bear in 1957 ? whitacre yes . herndon do fujiwara ever telephone you at home and tell you there be a mole at adm ? whitacre yes . herndon before this year do you ever lie to someone you really trust ? whitacre no . whitacre strain to see the read - out to see how he 's do . herndon do fujiwara say he would tell you who the mole be for 10 million dollar ? draft : 1/15/03 46 . whitacre's Pov the needle trace a reassuringly straight line across the grid . whitacre yes . and under ... herndon whitacre ( v.0 . ) be there currently any price in Tokyo they sell little fix activity in the girl underwear in the vend bioproduct division of adm ? machine right on the main drag - the ginza ...or whatever . guy in suit buy use girl panty , how be that ok ? whitacre no . herndon now , I be go to ask you the same question again to make sure the result be consistent . whitacre nod and smile . watch the needle - rock steady . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I wonder where Bob carry he gun . FBI agent have to wear they at all time -- even when they be off duty . herndon be you marry ? whitacre yes . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I would like to see dwayne andrea hook up to one of this . herndon have you ever lie to better you position ? whitacre whitacre ( v.o . ) no. once I tell the stewardess I be claustrophobic so I could get a aisle seat ... and under ... draft : 1/15/03 47 . 48 interior holiday inn - hallway 48 shepard and herndon step out of the room . herndon speak to whitacre over he shoulder . herndon you can get dress , Mark . the door close and the agent look at each other . 49 interior holiday inn HOTEL room - continuous 49 whitacre button he shirt and put he tie back on . he look out the hotel room window at the snow . in the parking lot a high school kid drink a beer while try to write he name in urine in the snowbank . whitacre ( v.0 . ) they be all different . every flake be it 's own one - of - a-kind version of itself . and some people still do not believe in God . I mean what more proof do you need than that -- herndon and shepard re-enter . whitacre hey , how would I do ? shepard Mark , we have some problem ... whitacre wait a minute , I watch the machine , I do not see any change ... shepard Mark , you do not know how to read a polygraph . whitacre I have hear this thing , they be not always 100 per cent accurate . I have be tell the truth . definitely . herndon play the bad cop . herndon Mark , you splatter the wall with ink . come on now , extortionist do not just leave they name and number then go away . draft ; 1/15/03 48. 1 whitacre nod -- he eye water , he sigh . shepard ( cont 'd ) I know it 's tough keep it all bottled up inside , keep it a secret . but , there 's only one good choice for you . that 's all there 's ever be . there 's something you be hide , something you be keep from we . but , the only way to protect yourself be to be completely honest . whitacre okay . shepard get another form out of he brief -case . not a basic 302 this time -- it 's a confession . shepard you realize this document can be use against you in a court of law . whitacre nod grimly . herndon what happen with fujiwara and the saboteur ? a beat . whitacre I make it up . I have to ... shepard and herndon cringe on he behalf . the floodgates open . shepard transcribe the confession . whitacre ( cont 'd ) . we have have problem at the plant with viruse , we be way behind projection . dwayne be think about shutting we down and everyone be on I to fix it . ' let 's just blame it all on whitacre . ' that 's how it be there . it be my job they be talk about . we just move here from Europe - they make I vp . shepard and the reason you agree to help adm purchase a new bug ? draft : 1/15/03 49 . whitacre I want to be part of the team . I think it would help my relationship with Mick if he think I would do something like that . herndon and what about the price fix ? it be not over be it ? there 's no " new attitude . " whitacre ( defeated ) there 's be meeting all along -- in the past three week even . nothing 's change ... again , whitacre 's mind allow he to be two place at once ... whitacre whitacre ( v.o. ) ( under ) ( over ) .and not just in lysine -- Mick andrea or he dad ? citric acid , gluconate . one they would never lie for I . they guy , he be force to leave say we be in it together . the company because he what a joke . team building would not do it -- the off-site meeting at the some gluconate guy ... he 's out of a lake in Wisconsin - - I can not job now . they have I go to protect this guy if they be Chicago and meet with the break the law . hey , I guy from ajinomoto to try try . anybody could see the and set volume level for choice I have . I do my best lysine production . it 's a for adm . you do not see they matter of divide up the here in the electric chair . market between the producer it 's all " make we lysine , and then set a workable Mark . " " handle the FBI , price . there 's another Mark . " " crap we out some meeting in about a month . money , Mark . " shepard if there 's anything else you want to add , now 's the time . you need to tell we . whitacre no , that 's the full story . herndon we want tape , mark . he slide the confession across to whitacre who nod and sign . he give both agent Christmas card and smile . draft : 1/15/03 50 . whitacre I will give you all the tape you want . merry Christmas you guy . 50 interior parking garage adm - morning 50 whitacre aim the ferrari into he designate parking space and get out of the car . steadicam following whitacre he walk toward the building . as the camera arc around to lead he we see that he be actually speak out loud -- not in vo . to nobody ... whitacre Seven thirty a.m. , Wednesday , March seventeenth , 1994 . I have just park my car and be now enter the office ... whitacre get on the elevator with Terry Wilson . whitacre 's a little off this morning ... 's -- whitacre ( cont 'd ) terrance Wilson , President of we corn business , do you speak with we friend in Japan ? terry wilson he be not in . whitacre I hear from mimoto last night -- he be piss . he say there 's not go to be any peace in lysine until we bring production down like we promise . theelevator door open . terry wilson in 92 we do exactly what we tell they we would do in term of volume . exactly . right now , there 's no promise . whitacre he say he would like to talk to you at some point ... draft : 1/15/03 51 . L terry wilson be right there lookin ' at he . say , " listen here you little mousy motherfucker . " Wilson peel off into he office . whitacre continue on across the open trading floor toward he office . he speak under he breath to nobody -- smile at the world . whitacre that be Terry Wilson talk about set volume and price level with we japanese competitor -- ajinomoto Corporation . whitacre enter he own office - -- talk to himself . whitacre ( cont 'd ) by the way , there be no discussion with mimoto last night . that be all for illustration purpose only . I wanna make that clear - no discussion with mimoto last night . he turn off the tape recorder . 51 interior hampton inn - evening 51 whitacre pace while herndon and shepard listen to a tape . he 's get three more recording in he briefcase . shepard hey , Mark you do not really need to narrate the tape for we when you be make they . whitacre right. absolutely . not a problem . herndon and you can talk less . whitacre I think I do on this one . whitacre give herndon another tape and a small box . shepard do not force the conversation . whitacre but , they be good right ? I mean , you guy would not believe what go on at this meeting . draft : 1/15/03 52. whitacre ( v.0 . ) I have get well over two million frequent flier mile .. . maybe more . the equivalent of two trip to the moon . I be pretty much platinum across the board . free upgrade ... sometimes they will move I from business to first just cuz the computer tell they I be there ... 52 52 exterior ritz HOTEL - paris , FRANCE - day whitacre emerge from the hotel and get in a cab . whitacre ( v.0 . ) and you can redeem they for anything now ... a movado watch or a fly-fish vacation in Montana ... whitacre tell the driver ... whitacre american embassy please . whitacre ( v.o. ) it 's like 5000 mile every time I go to Zurich , Paris , munich ... 1 do not even know how many mile be in the Delta account ... I just give Ginger the statement ... I be probably one of the youngest guy ever to go over a million mile ... I get a letter from the ceo every year thanking I ... it 's a form letter , but it look like he 's really signing it ... they probably walk in one day and he sign like a hundred while he 's on the phone ... whitacre get out of the car and walk into the embassy . shepard meet he a usher he into a room where a phone be hook up to a recorder . shepard you should probably use you adm credit card ... whitacre dial the phone . whitacre sure , great . you make it some place good for dinner last night ? draft : 1/15/03 53. shepard I just eat in the hotel ... whitacre the hotel ... what would you have ? the call ring through . whitacre hey , it 's Mark whitacre call from Paris for Mick andrea ... hey , it 's Mark . I just get out of the lysine meeting ... it go great ... I think we can keep it at around a buck and a quarter no problem ... andunder ... shepard sneeze . whitacre's Pov he follow shepard 's hand from kleenex , to coffee cup , to pen , to a tug on he ear ... whitacre ( v.0 . ) now what happen ? something you breathe in on a airplane . some little bacteria and now it 's on he hand , the cup , the phone ... probably get it from he kid and now I will spend the weekend with it in bed ... and I will miss a few day next week , or Alexander ' 11 run a fever and who pay for that ? where do the FBI weigh in on that - - as a cooperate witness -- what do it say about exposure to airborne contaminant ... i3 adm compensate for I miss work ? 53 53 interior o'hare airport - day whitacre walk down the concourse carry a black folder with adm emblazon on it . he turn into the bathroom and stare at himself in the mirror . he check he hair and then open the folder . he remove the legal pad to reveal a secret compartment hold a small tape recorder . whitacre ( into tape recorder ) this be tape seven , side two .. . Chicago , o'hare airport ... he look at himself in the mirror . and then down at he foot . a black chuckle's candy lie on the floor swarm by ant . draft : 1/15/03 54 . whitacre Pov the black chuckle be carte away by ant inch from he wing tip . whitacre ( v.0 . ) that 's a big break , right there -- definitely . there 's no choice to be make . no debate . it 's there -- you be a ant -- you eat it -- you bring it back for the other ant .. . they do not say they would rather have the cherry flavor one ... Real - simple to live like that . 54 interior gaslight lounge , o'hare airport 54 Wilson sit at a table with two french executive -- rollier and crouy . Wilson wield the fountain pen . the lounge do well in the 70' and have decide to stay there -- most everything be cover in red velvet , except for the waitress -- they be cover in sequine body suit and fishnet . whitacre return from the bathroom . he put the tape recorder / folder on the table . Wilson rest he cocktail on it . wilson we can not have one section of the world where it work and the rest of the world where it do not . it will not last ... whitacre ( v.o. ) debate and discussion . they just keep the black one from make it home ... rollier we would obviously play the game . but , the korean and the japanese ... crouy . they will cheat . terry wilson it will never work then . a tray of drink attach to a walking centerfold go by . Wilson leer ... draft : 1/15/03 55 . terry wilson ( cont 'd ) whitacre ( v.0 . ) look , everyone have to share Terry do not like I very number . it 's so goddamn much ... he 's get blotchy simple . how the hell else skin ... what cause that would you do it ? blotchiness ?? it must mean it 's what we do in the citric something medical ... he will acid business and look at the have a stroke and someone price of vitamin . will say -- `he be blotchy ... it happen . ' crouy let 's not forget that if price go up in Europe it 's because we talk in Mexico first . terry wilson that 's right , you make it happen . 55 interior hampton inn decatur - evening 55 shepherd have headphone on -- he 's excited by what he hear . whitacre excitedly diagram the world 's lysine market on a dry erase board for herndon illustrate the relationship -- a primer in corporate greed . shepard ( loud because of the headphone ) Mark , this be just the kind of tape we need . terry wilson ( o.s. ) ( over the headphone ) it do not just go up like that -- you make it happen . whitacre and we be get we march order from andrea - it go all the way up . shepard ( loud because of the headphone ) we need to improve the quality of the recording ... whitacre why do not you guy just bug the building ? shepard it 's not that easy , Mark . there be a lot legal issue ... draft : 1/15/03 56 . a beat . herndon think . he have a idea . herndon give I you pants . whitacre undoe the pants of he sage GREEN suit . whitacre ( v.0 . ) be able to do two thing at once be a big part of success . I try and do abdominal exercise ... isometrics ... even when I be at a meeting . tensing . holding . and then release . and there be leg one I do in the car . I will even floss in the shower while the conditioner be in my hair . during the part where you be just suppose to leave it in . that thing can really add up to a significant time savings . 56 exterior whitacre driveway - morning 56 rusty the gardener blow leave off the driveway . whitacre pull out of the six car garage in a lincoln town car . he yell at rusty over the leaf blower . whitacre hey , rusty , check this out . whitacre get out of the car and place he briefcase on the hood . whitacre ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? rusty the gardener it 's a nice briefcase . whitacre but , wait . whitacre open the briefcase and pull a secret panel to reveal a tape recorder . he could not be more proud . whitacre ( cont 'd ) that 's a nagra model number 34 -a , right there . the bureau have that custom make for I -- Mark whitacre secret agent double 0 , fourteen . rusty the gardener why double 0 fourteen ? draft : 1/15/03 57 . whitacre cuz I be twice as smart as double 0 seven . 57 interior adm corporate jet - day 57 whitacre , wear the sage colored suit he give herndon , sit with andrea and some adm suit on the company plane . andrea chat with one co- worker and then turn to whitacre . andreas whatever happen to that girl who be work for we -- do not she move to California ? what 's she name , Tina ? whitacre she 's get marry . andreas my Tina be get marry ? whitacre two or three weekend from now . andreas that will not last for very long . she 's kind of a do - do head , you know ? she will be back . I just hope she do not get pregnant . fuck up she body . whitacre uh. andreas Nice body . it would ruin she tit . she 's get the great tit in the world ... he lean in to whitacre . andreas in the world . whitacre look out the window at white billow cloud . whitacre ( v.0 . ) when polar bear hunt , they crouch down by a hole in the ice and wait for a seal to pop up . they keep one paw over they nose so that they blend in . cuz ' they have get that black nose . they would blend in perfectly if not for the nose ... draft : 1/15/03 58. 58 exterior JOHN wayne airport , orange county - day 58 whitacre descend the step of the jet follow by andrea and some other suit . whitacre peel off the group . whitacre I be just gonna hit the head here . whitacre ( v.0 . ) so the question be . how do they know they nose be black ? from look at other polar bear ? do they see they reflection in the water ? and think , " I would be invisible if not for that . " that seem like a lot of think for a bear . 59 interior airport men' room - continuous 59 a african american man , 30' , stand at the sink . other than that the room be empty . african american man Mr. whitacre , could you follow I ? ? p - the two man enter a stall . african american man can I ask you to remove you shirt ? whitacre oblige . whitacre ( v.0 . ) there 's something great about walk into a conference room when there 's a pad of paper and a pencil in front of every chair . . . most guy with a science background do not get to see what go on ... 60 interior marriott HOTEL conference room 60 a uniformed HOTEL worker arrange the orange juice , coffee , croissant , melon plate . a pen and pad of paper be put in front of every seat . a flip chart stand ready in the corner . the meticulous worker make everything perfect , pause for a moment to adjust a lamp . draft : 1/15/03 59 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) usually the hotel 's name be emboss on the pencil and they have someone who sharpen they to perfect point like collie dog nose -- that 's what they remind I of . maybe they come from the factory that way . and there 's always a plate of danish ... danish ? -- a almond thing -- or a cheese danish with a big cherry blob in the middle ... 61 interior men' room - continuous 61 the african american agent finish shave whitacre 's chest . he take out a roll of surgical tape and attaches a small nagra recorder to whitacre . small wire attach to switch sewn into whitacre 's pants pocket . whitacre ( v.0 . ) the almond thing make a lot of crumb and I usually use my pencil to sweep they away like one of that tool professional waiter use at the decatur Club ... african american man you want to try it ? whitacre flip the pocket switch . whitacre hey , neat . 62 exterior JOHN wayne airport - continuous 62 whitacre and andrea duck into a limo . one of the adm suit who fly in on the jet , slap andrea on the back . adm suit good luck with the jap . and as you lawyer I would advise you to pat `em down for wire . andrea laugh at the suit , but whitacre 's not laugh . the limo pull away . whitacre uh , should we really pat they down ? andreas they do not have the ball to mess with adm . draft : 1/15/03 60 . whitacre sigh . whitacre ( v.0 . ) when it 's over the board of director at adm be gonna understand . they be gonna see the position I be in and that I act in everyone 's best interest , I think that 's the only conclusion they can reach ... 63 interior marriott HOTEL lobby - moment later 63 whitacre , andrea , yamada and ikeda get on the elevator . a sign say , " the marriott welcomes ajinomoto corporation and adm . " whitacre ( v.0 . ) I mean I be the youngest division President they have ever have and I speak a number of language fluently ... 64 video image of conference room 64 the same room we see be prepare , now from the Pov of a hide camera . the four executive enter the room and move toward the table . everything be perfect . whitacre notice the lamp and walk right toward it -- curious . the lamp be the camera . shepard ( v.0 . ) look away , Mark , look away ... whitacre 's face fill the wide angle lens . shepard and herndon huddle around the video monitor . herndon be dressed like a uniformed HOTEL worker . shepard be still dress like a G-man from the 50' . herndon I tell he it be in the lamp . 65 interior conference room - a little later 65 whitacre turn from the lamp . the execs sit around the table eat the bake good and discuss business . yamada we already spend more than one year , uh , to get better market situation in lysine . draft : 1/15/03 61. whitacre we talk a little bit about it in Paris , but we need to have a understanding on volume . video image of andreas it 's off center -- just the top of he head and then tilt down and zoom into he tie . 66 interior surveillance room - continuous 66 shepard struggle with the joystick that control the lipstick camera in the lamp -- he frame be way off . herndon wide out , bri , we need a wide shot of this guy work together . still struggle with the joystick . 67 interior conference room - marriott HOTEL - continuous 67 andreas we have a big board of director . we have public shareholder . like you , we have suffer . price be nowhere near where we hope they would be . now the question be , if the market grow , who get it ? ikeda go over to the easel and make a pie chart as a visual aid for andrea ' proposal . I andreas . if kyowa hakko , miwon and cheil Corporation each get two thousand ton , then we can divide up the rest . if we be go to have any stability at all ... and under ... whitacre ( v.0 . ) I think some of this adm guy lie about they golf score . it do not even matter and they still lie about it and that say something about character . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 62. whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) I mean I have see guy putt three time and say they get a par ... or they will go off into the wood to find they ball and they will move it from behind a tree or from under a leaf . I admit I have do it a couple of time - but I do not tell people I be a really good golfer when I be not ... I be sure if I work at it ... take lesson ... whitacre be distract by a clicking SOUND . he shift uncomfortably . andrea notice the sound and pause . whitacre's Pov his briefcase seem to be the source of the click . ikeda get andrea ' attention . ikeda we need some specific number . a dreas what would you be willing to accept ? be not that the question ? more clicking . whitacre nudge he briefcase . 68 interior surveillance room-continued 68 shepard and herndon . shepard what 's Mark do ? they pan over to whitacre . he 's open the briefcase with the hide tape recorder . herndon what a idiot ! 69 interior conference room - marriott HOTEL - continuous 69 as yamada approach the easel with andrea , whitacre have open he brief case . the click be come from inside . yamada the other will say that adm have already eat all the growth . draft : 1/15/03 63. angle on whitacre he remove the panel conceal the tape recorder , fiddle with a piece of the lining catch in the apparatus . andreas ( v.0 . ) you gotta remember we have a lot more capacity than we be use . we could be grow twenty thousand ton , be not that right , Mark ? whitacre be still fiddling with the case . andreas Mark ? what be you do ? andrea cross the room and , without look inside at the recorder that be ruin he life , shut the case . andreas I need you input here . video tape of the meeting ikeda be stand at the easel make calculation next to the pie chart . ikeda ( on the tape ) adm will be allocate it 's recent production plus a number we will call alpha . 70 70 interior dept . of justice conference room - chicago pull back to reveal herndon and shepard present they prize tape to robin mann esq , early 40' -- humorless and contrary . the tape play ... robin mann what do he say -- I can not understand he . andreas ( on the tape ) I do not care what you call it , just as long as we get what we want . the man on the tape all laugh . andrea walksaway . whitacre and ikeda shake hand . and then whitacre ripsoffthe sheet of paper from the easel with the pie chart onit . draft : 1/15/03 64 . whitacre ( on the tape ) I guess I should probably keep this , huh ? shepard freeze the tape triumphantly . robin mann where 's the agreement ? there 's just a discussion . herndon if this be not a agreement , then what be they do there ? shepard do not get bog down in the word , look at the action . robin mann I have look . I see a chart with a bunch of number . but , I can not pinpoint any agreement per se . hern don what do you want ? the guy be stand there divide up the market plain as day . herndon open up the evidence bag and show she the flip - chart page that whitacre take at the end of the meeting -- a smoking gun . robin mann it could just be a proposal . all the other company be not there . nobody use the word " agreement . " I be just tell you -- as a lawyer -- what they lawyer be go to say . herndon and shepard look at whitacre frozen on the monitor . they be discourage . herndon I do not know how much more we can ask of the guy . robin mann I be not go to move for indictment with this . I need more . draft : 1/15/03 65 . 71 interior decatur club - day 71 whitacre sit with marty allison , 35 , who 's voice we have hear on whitacre 's voice mail many time .. the two be old friend and co-worker -- marty 's be try to get Mark 's ear for some time now . they have get some business together . marty allison I feel like a real jerk here , but I need the dough . whitacre Nah , we will figure something out . marty allison I hope it 's not a big deal , but I have be look at a house and I need the cash back . whitacre marty , when I hire you , what do you want ? marty allison fifty grand . whitacre but , I go to Wilson and tell he you would not work here for less than seventy - five - - and I get it . you be the first guy I hire . marty allison Mark , you have always be real generous with I and ... whitacre wave off the flattery . whitacre I gotta leave town for a couple of day , but when I get back , here 's what I want you to do ... and under ... whitacre ( v.o. ) I like to think of myself as a good gift -giver . it show that you be think about the other person even when they be not right in front of you . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 66 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) I know that Ginger like jewelry and that the kid like stuff from other country ... even if you just pick it up at the duty free at the airport with whatever money you have leave over . 72 interior hampton inn HOTEL - night 72 whitacre drop off more tape for shepard and herndon . shepard we get a problem , Mark . you can not take we equipment to Japan . we have no jurisdiction . whitacre so I will take note like in Vancouver . whitacre take out he dictaphone and put it on the bed . shepard well , sure , but there 's something else I would like you to think about . whitacre okay . shepard like I say , we can not give you any recording equipment . herndon but , if you tape the meeting on you own and than give we the tape ... whitacre so you want I to make a tape . herndon we be not allow to say that . but , the sooner we get enough evidence , the sooner you can stop the taping . whitacre what if I get catch there ? shepard I do not know anything about japanese law , but if you be arrest , we may not be able to provide much help . draft : 1/15/03 67 . herndon that 's why we need this lysine association meeting on US soil .. . make it easier to wrap this up . shepard pick up the recorder . shepard you can not use any of we equipment . 73 interior hickory point mall - later 73 whitacre walk out of the radio shack with a small bag . whitacre ( v.o. ) I wonder if Brian and Bob be really allow to do that -- it seem kind of shady ... I probably should have get they to sign something just in case . turned the table on they see how I be the one go above and beyond the call of duty ... he head out of the mall . 74 interior conference room imperial palace HOTEL - japan 74 whitacre , Wilson and a collection of asian lysine execs discuss price and customer . wilson whitacre ( v.0 . ) do we want to talk about guy tape meeting all the Latin America ? time -- let 's say a guy be dyslexic and he need to take note .. . what 's he gonna do ? mimoto and ikeda enter . ikeda good morning , we be late . whitacre no problem , no problem , you lose twenty - thousand ton , but , hey ... the group laugh at the wacky price fixing joke . whitacre check he watch . whitacre Excuse I ... I gotta take a moment . draft : 1/15/03 68. whitacre walk down the hall toward the rest room . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I read this thing about moustach on the flight back from Zurich ... what facial hair say to woman about a man 's level of honesty . I think maybe it be in esquire Magazine ... some psychological theory ... 75 interior bathroom - continuous 75 whitacre reach into he suit jacket and take out the recorder . he study himself in the bathroom mirror and then flip the tape . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I should ask Brian and Bob about it - - get the FBI 's point of view ... whitacre Imperial Palace Hotel , side two tape one ... just as he be put the tape back into he jacket -- the door open . one of the lysine execs enter . lysine exec thing be go well . whitacre conceal the recorder . whitacre want to get back in there . 76 interior movie theater - night 76 whitacre sit alone fully engross by the movie . angle on the movie screen " the firm . " tom cruise , as Mitch mcdeere talk with FBI agent Wayne tarrance , play by ed harris at a dogtrack . mcdeere do not the dog ever get the bone ? tarrance yeah , I hear it happen every once in awhile . it 's a disaster , they can never get that dog to run again . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 69 . tarrance ( cont 'd ) listen , Mitch , Mr. Boyles want I to tell you how much the bureau appreciate ... mcdeere a million dollar . tarraance what ? mc deere a million dollar in a numbered account in Switzerland . ibg Bank International in Zurich . tarrance you sure as hell turn greedy overnight . mcdeere . and my brother out now . tarrance you brother be a convict felon , Mitch . mcdeere then get yourself another snitch . tarrance respond with a string of expletive and threat to knock mcdeere 's tooth down he throat . his verbal assault be put to a halt when he phone ring . it 's Holly Hunter call from the nearby parking lot . she play tarrance a incriminate tape of what he have just say . mcdeere be wear a wire . mcdeere have he now . mcdeere you want to reconsider ? whitacre ( v.0 . ) most of the guy the government get to do the tough stuff be probably drug dealer and mafia guy . I be probably the only guy like I they have ever meet -- 77 exterior rural highway - night 77 whitacre drive he new range rover through the darkness . draft : 1/15/03 70 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) maybe there 's some guy who spy on the Russians and they have to put he in that witness protection unit ... it 's just I and some Russian guy who 's now a girl 's soccer coach in New Mexico or something ... 78 interior whitacre mansion bedroom - night 78 whitacre try to creep into the dark room without waking he wife . he start to get undress . her voice in the darkness surprise he . ginger be you with Brian and Bob all this time ? whitacre yeah , we have to go over some tape and ... ginger Mark , Brian call -- I know you be not with he . busted . ginger do you go again ? whitacre I need to unwind . ginger you have see that picture like five time now ... she turn on the light to discuss she concern . Mark be stand there without he shirt on -- a large patch of hair be miss from the middle of he chest . whitacre what 's wrong with that ? ginger what 's wrong ? why be you chest shave , Mark ? why be there hole cut in you suit clothes ? why be not you a part of this family anymore ? whitacre try to laugh off she concern . he sit down on the bed and put she hand on he smooth chest . draft : 1/15/03 71 . whitacre you know they need to shave I for the tape recorder . they need to ... I be a part ... ginger I need you at home , the kid need you to be they father . whitacre I be do all this for you and the kid . I do not ask for this -- but I want to give this family everything . that 's why I be work so much . ginger I do not know who you work for anymore , Mark . do you ? a beat . he smile warmly at she . 79 interior FBI decatur - day 79 warm summer day -- out the window the smoke stack of adm send plume of white smoke into the blue sky . shepard and herndon sit in they shirtsleeve transcribe tape in the tiny office . there 's a knock on the door . shepard check to see who it be through the eye-hole . whitacre enter wear the sage colored suit - full of confidence . whitacre hey guy , I be in the neighborhood . I get some more tape . shepard thanks , Mark . come on in . whitacre and I have learn some important thing recently . I have be tell I be probably go to be the next President of adm . he glow . herndon really ? shepard who tell you that ? draft : 1/15/03 72. R whitacre and that 's not all . I would say that ten of the product produce by adm be price fix . shepard ten ? whitacre I would estimate that for all the company involved , the total extra profit be in the range of 800 million to one billion dollar . that 's just from the price-fixing . shepard can you tell we what product ? whitacre smile -- he 's get something else on he mind . whitacre you know , Brian , if all this company be charge , they be go to be pay a awful lot in fine . do not you think ? shepard I do not know , they might end up pay . but , nobody know for sure how this will turn out . herndon we still need to get everyone together make a actual agreement before we have a case . whitacre sure , sure I know that . but , I have take a lot of risk and I need to think about my family . shepard what do you mean ? whitacre well , I would like it if , in they fine , adm be order to pay I ten year 's salary . shepard well , Mark ... whitacre it 's only fair . also , one other thing . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 73. whitacre ( cont 'd ) I never expect this investigation would go on as long as it have . it 's be almost two year and I think I should get total immunity if I agree to cooperate through the end . shepard I can not grant you immunity Mark , you know that . whitacre smile wishfully like a big kid . herndon sense that something 's up . herndon hey , Mark , it 's kind of warm in here -- why do not you take off you jacket , sit down and we can talk about this . whitacre oh , no , Bob , that 's okay . let I know if you want to reconsider . whitacre leave . herndon look at shepard . shepard what be that about ? 80 interior whitacre mansion - mark office - evening 80 whitacre label the tape of the FBI agent and toss it in a box -- with other tape . whitacre ( v.0 . ) this flood out on the Mississippi , you have to think about this . it just look like some boy scout and sand bag on the news -right until you have you stock plummet because of crop loss ... then it look like someone 's knee deep in you kid college education look for they photo album .. . Brian do not understand stock option . he do not see what can happen if they take that away from I . $ 1 interior whitacre mansion - master bedroom - night 81 Ginger alone in bed at 3 am during a rain storm . the regular patter of rain be punctuate by the sound of a SMALL engine . she get out of bed and go to the window . draft : 1/15/03 74 . whitacre stand in he bathrobe in the rain with the leaf blower . there 's one wet leaf stick to the pavement and he 's focuss the full power of the blower on it but it 's not go anywhere . Three deer stand like statue in the yard , oblivious to the rain . whitacre ( v.o. ) we get a deer problem here . they be in the corn , they be eat the small tree , they charge into the road . too many deer . take away all the predator and that 's go to happen .. . no bear , no coyote ... so now you have all this deer -- weak and desperate . angle on the deer Close enough to hear the rain on they metal body . they be yard statue . whitacre ( v.0 . ) and then one get sick and they all get sick . because they be break and hungry and they make mistake . who 's fault be that ? you can not blame the deer for not have predator ... 82 exterior whitacre mansion driveway - night / rain 82 Ginger approach in she night gown under a umbrella . ginger Mark , what be you do ? whitacre can not tear himself away from the lone leaf . ginger come inside Mark , what 's happen to you ? she take he arm and try to lead he toward the house , but he turn on she . his eye be fill with terror . she turn off the blower . whitacre you want to be someone live in some small house ? you want to be like that people who can not afford car for they kid ? draft : 1/15/03 75 . ginger you be not better than somebody else because you have more car or a bigger salary . or some stable across the road . you use to know that , you use to know what matter . you need to find that out again -- you need to turn to God . whitacre stare at the leaf , try to move it with he will . whitacre ( softly so God will not hear ) I do not need God . 83 interior adm whitacre's office - day 83 whitacre flag down kirk schmidt , 40 , a co-worker and a friend who be pass by . whitacre hey , kirk , I be gonna be head off to Europe and I be think I would deliver the check for the abp deal in person . schmidt remind I , abp deal ? whitacre threonine microbe , they have make some substantial improvement and we need to get it into the market . I get the invoice somewhere ... he fish it out of a pile of papers and slide it across the desk . schmidt we can overnight it . whitacre Nah , I be gonna see this thorstensson guy . I will just hand it to he . schmidt then I will get it over . lysine 's go great gun Mark , price be up to one-twenty . out the window of the office andrea look at the tote board and smile broadly -- he give whitacre a big thumb up . whitacre smile and flash a thumb up back . draft : 1/15/03 76 . L 84 exterior savoy baur en ville , zurich - day 84 whitacre emerge from the elegant hotel and head down the crowded bahnhofstrasse . whitacre ( v.0 . ) adm : supermarket to the world .. . we will have to change that . when it all come out -- maybe the board ' 11 want to change the name of the company altogether . like when all that company become beatrice in the 80' . there be that woman , ` we be beatrice ... ' they make light bulb and corn and everything ... whitacre enter the swiss bank corporation . he approach a uniformed porter . whitacre gute morgen , ich mochte herr brief finden , bitte ? the porter point toward a desk . whitacre danke schon . whitacre approach a secretary . behind he another woman shriek and fall down . the heel have break on she shoe . her papers scatter everywhere -- the secretary smirk at the fallen woman . whitacre whitacre ( v.0 . ) gute tag ... wie geht es they have a word for laugh ihnen ? ich suche herr briel , at the misfortune of other . bitte . a word for that . schadenfreude ... we do not have any word for that kind of thing . in a way , it 's not really funny . the secretary buzze and moment later a wooden door open . daniel briel emerge smile . briel Mr. whitacre ... wie geht ? gut dass wir un eben getroffen haben . the two man vanish behind a door . whitacre ( v.o. ) Brian and Bob always ask I if I do much sightseeing on business trip - they do not understand . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 77 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) you fly in , go to the meeting , go to the hotel , go to another meeting and get back on the plane . it 's not that glamorous . 85 85 interior hampton inn - afternoon whitacre hand another small stack of tape to shepard and herndon -- the agent be very excited , whitacre have good news . whitacre we be have another association meeting to work out some issue in lysine -- divide up volume , set price for some market . shepard Europe again ? whitacre there 's a price fix investigation into cement manufacturing there -- it have everybody spook . Europe 's out . y` herndon we can not video tape in Japan -- that 's not gonna help we . whitacre Hawaii . shepard Hawaii ? herndon what 's he name , mimoto , we have he say on tape -- last fall that ... he check a three ring note- book full of transcription . herndon . they be " concerned about severe penalty for anti-trust in the US . " whitacre smile , very impressed with himself . shepard so , why be they come to the US ? whitacre I get the association past they fear . draft : 1/15/03 78. L angle on a golf ball crushed by a driver -- the grass and tee fly . whitacre ( v.0 . ) the state bird of Hawaii be the nay nay -- it 's a kind of land base goose and the state motto be va mau ke ea of ka aina i ka pono -- the customer be the enemy and the competitor be you friend . 86 exterior sheraton makaha golf course - oahu 86 mimoto , ikeda , whitacre , Wilson and another foursome of asian lysine execs crowd around a tee box in they golf clothes . mimoto watch he drive split the palm line fairway and head toward the Pacific . Wilson tee up he ball . terry wilson what should we play for ? mimoto if we win , we get tyson Foods . all the exec laugh at the think of divide up the world 's lysine market through golf . a exec in a visor chime in . visor or , we could play a thousand ton a stroke . ikeda we already know whitacre 's score -- sixty seven plus alpha . more laughter . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I get a hole - in- one once -- back in Ohio when I be about eighteen . there be a little blurb in the paper and I win a windbreaker from the country club ... I still have the news clipping somewhere stashed away for safe keep ... the t-box through a cross -hair a series of photograph be snap of the golfer . F draft : 1/15/03 79 . 87 87 a nearby hillside herndon and shepard snap photograph with a very long lens from a golf cart park on hillside . whitacre ( v.0 . ) but , mainly I be active in the local 4 - h Club . I think 4 - h be a real good thing for kid ... I get a lot of recognition from they and it 's not just some local thing . it 's a federal program - - part of the Department of Agriculture . other FBI agent dress for the link shadow the lysine exec use long range recording equipment . 88 interior sheraton makaha - another HOTEL room 88 herndon and whitacre - - like a boxer and he corner man . herndon just remember -- I want you to poll the room and get they to use the word " agreement . " whitacre okay , Bob . it 's gonna be a great meeting . herndon let the action come to you . whitacre I gotta talk , Bob . herndon I know that ... whitacre I mean , I be represent adm . otherwise , everybody would be suspicious . herndon you can talk . just do not dominate . we want to see other involvement . ok ? whitacre definitely . herndon it 's that time again . draft : 1/15/03 80 . whitacre oh , sure no problem . whitacre take off he shirt as the two man face each other in the hotel room -- a uncomfortable moment . herndon start spread shave cream across whitacre 's chest . whitacre ( v.0 . ) when it 's over I think we will be friend , all of we . good friend . I will have Bob over and Brian and we will bar - b- que . maybe not so much with some of the guy over at adm -- probably not Mick and Terry ... but guy like sid and marty and rheinhard we have be through a lot together ... 89 exterior pool side - sheraton resort 89 Wilson , mimoto , ikeda and visor sip umbrella drink terry wilson we can not be manipulate by this goddamn buyer . thank God we have they , but they be not my friend . the man all nod . whitacre appear pool side and begin to unbutton he Hawaiian shirt . Wilson turn to ikeda . terry wilson you be my friend . I want to be closer to you than I be to any customer , cause you can make it so I can make money or I can not make money . and all I want ... nobody be listen to he . they all stare at whitacre . a large patch of he chest hair be shave . whitacre what ? whitacre look down at he chest -- so do everyone else . whitacre 's get some explain to do . whitacre oh , that . Nah , I have to take this physical for some life insurance the wife want . they shave I for the heart thing . itches ... whitacre smile shyly and settles into the pool . draft : 1/15/03 81. whitacre ( v.0 . ) it 's not really lie when you be do it to serve some great purpose ... I think that 's what God would say -- it 's not all cut and dry -- like that and you can not really send a lie out into the world on its own , you would not do that with a child per se ... a lie need the company of other lie -- and so it may look like a lot of lie in the end , but it 's really just the first one that count ... 90 interior sheraton makaha - meeting suite 90 a medium size room overlook the grounds . Orange juice and fruit trays and a easel in the corner . the room seem a little cramped for the number of man assemble -- whitacre , Wilson , mimoto , ikeda and a number of other from Asia and Europe . whitacre search for something . terry wilson damn Mark , can not you call and get we a bigger room . this be crazy . whitacre anyone see my briefcase ? mimoto we move to bigger room . they start to pack up they stuff . whitacre panic . whitacre no , no . I do not think they have one ... . be my brief case behind the flip-chart ? 91 interior surveillance room - two room away 91 herndon enter with the brief case -- shepard be watch whitacre on a monitor with other junior agent . herndon he leave it in he room . 92 interior sheraton makaha - meeting suite 92 I   whitacre on the phone . draft : 1/15/03 62. whitacre yeah , it 's just there 's more of we than we expect . nothing larger ? really ? can you check again ... cu on the phone base whitacre 's finger hold down the receiver switch . he 's talk to no one . mimoto pick up he chair and move it right in front of the lamp / camera . another problem . whitacre call we if anything open up . it 's whitacre , Mark whitacre . he hang up and cross toward mimoto . whitacre uh , Mr. mimoto , I think you might be able to see the easel better ... whitacre ( v.o. ) you think mimoto would be any different in my position ? they have guy filing expense report for sex trip to bangkok at ajinomoto Corporation ... any of this guy who have kid and find themselves in a bind with the authority ... 93 interior sheraton makaha - surveillance room 93 a suite down the hall . shepard stare at the back of mimoto 's chair on the monitor . helpless . they have come a long way to go back empty hand . suddenly the room come into view as whitacre move the chair from in front of the lamp / camera . whitacre ( on the monitor ) what if we just move you chair over here . shepard thatta boy , Mark . 94 interior sheraton makaha - meeting suite 94 Terry Wilson start the meeting . draft ; 1/15/03 83. I terry wilson I would like to welcome everybody here , glad everyone could make it and sorry for that who can not play golf tomorrow - - we be gonna have a good time . whitacre 's Pov -- he scan the room . terry wilson whitacre ( v.0 . ) we have a old say at adm it 's like that game on tv that apply here . it 's where one guy know a word better to have the elephant and try to make the other inside the tent pissin ' out , one say it ... another word for than outside pissin ' in . " deal " ...how about " consensus , " or " understanding . " maybe they would take " deal " -- that 's like " agreement . " .. mimoto outside piss ? Language problem again . terry wilson it 's better to be part of the group . whitacre competitor be we friend , remember ? customer the enemy . the group nod in agreement with whitacre 's translation . jm suh of cheil Corporation take issue with this . the two argue ... whitacre look at suh , who be losing he hair ... suh whitacre ( v.0 . ) I want to know why cheil male pattern hair loss can be Corporation have be exclude a real set back ... I mean a from association in the past . lot of woman , they father 's be bald so they be kind of use to it ... but , still see it in the drain every morning in you thirty , that 's not fair at all and this minoxidil thing -- it 's not really , a cure ... mimoto I explain it to you on the phone many time ... suh be kind of a baby -- mimoto do not like he . Wilson step in . draft : 1/15/03 84 . J -- terry wilson if the market be what we think it be ... there 's a knock on the door . conversation cease . whitacre we have a couple other people join we I think ? mr. chaudret from eurolysine be make himself a fruit plate . mr. chaudret from sewon in Korea . mimoto and one from the FBI ? whitacre freeze . he 's catch . he look at the business man ... do they all know ? whitacre ( v.0 . ) that 's why there can not be any leave on the walk . they give it away - like the ant -- they can see a trail of ant ... mimoto smile right at whitacre -- the wall close in , and then , the room burst into laughter . whitacre get it . he smile back . whitacre and seven from the Federal Trade Commission . it's all a joke . more laughter and more knock . whitacre go to the door . mimoto call out . mimoto yes ? ftc ? whitacre open the door to find herndon dressed like a HOTEL employee -- he hand whitacre the brief case . herndon this be leave in the lobby . the concierge think it might belong to one of you gentleman . whitacre okay . hey , thanks . herndon close the door . draft : 1/15/03 85 . mr. chaudret you forget you briefcase in the lobby ? whitacre when I be signing for the food -- I must have leave it . mr. chaudret in Paris it would have already be sell . more laughter . video monitor suh how can we know adm will stay at agree upon level ? terry wilson we preference be to trust each other . if we find someone lyin' -- then we hire some mafia figure and rub you out . the group laugh . terry wilson if we can not trust each other in the end , it be not gonna work . mimoto you be okay for that ? a beat . suh yeah , I be all right . whitacre so what be we say then ? Wilson look at whitacre like he 's a idiot . terry wilson what , be there a language problem here ? whitacre so , everyone be , uh ... they just say so . it 's like whitacre be play password . draft : 1/15/03 86. mimoto agreed . uh , five company agree on quantity for the first time . the man all smile at each other -- hand shake and high fives . 95 interior dept of justice conference room - chicago 95 shepard and herndon have be play the new tape for Robin Mann and US antitrust attorney jame mutchnik . shepard and herndon beam with pride . shepard agreement ... you hear it . he hit rewind and play it again . mutchnik robin mann a jury 's gonna love that . congratulation . mutchnik Christ , how about this guy whitacre ? what 's he story ? shepard what do you mean ? mutchnik what 's he agenda ? the guy 's make 350 grand a year , he 's move up the ladder and he turn informer . when do that happen ? be the money go up he nose ? some woman somewhere with a kid that he 's see on one of this business trip ? what 's he story ? shepard and herndon be offended on behalf of Mark . herndon reach into he briefcase and pull out a greet card . herndon I want everyone to see this . this be Mark whitacre and he family . the group pass it around . a photo of whitacre family smile in front of they Christmas Tree . herndon I carry this picture with I all the time as a constant reminder that he be a real person with a real family depend on he . the only reason we have this tape be because of this man . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 87 . herndon ( cont 'd ) we want to know that when the time come , if he lose he job , the government be go to stand behind he . robin mann what 's he look for ? shepard about eighteen grand a month . he hand she a folder of whitacre 's expense . 96 exterior whitacre mansion - night 96 whitacre ride down the shoulder of the two lane , past the tower of the grain elevator -- to a railroad crossing and rumbling out of the darkness , come another 100 box car of what America need for tomorrow and each one of that car say : adm . whitacre ( v.o. ) we take the kid one year to the Renaissance festival in Indiana .. . you get to be the White knight .. . the kid get to ride in the joust against the force of darkness with a helmet on . and the White knight always win , the force of darkness fall onto a old mattress ... it be maybe ninety degree out and the heat and humidity index -- I can not even remember what the radio say . 97 interior whitacre mansion - master bedroom - night 97 Ginger lie alone in bed , eye open , train whistle in the night . it 's 4 a.m. whitacre ( v.0 . ) we be next in line and the mare collapse -- go down in a heap . Ginger be eat ye olde drumstick and she drop it in the dirt . the kid be cry and I remember this farmer say he have a gun in he truck ... just like that . from the White knight to a gun in the truck - how do you get that back ? how do that get to be fair ? draft : 1/15/03 88. 98 exterior ST . mary hospital - decatur 98 whitacre pull into the parking lot in a brand new porsche 911 . shepard get out of a black sedan and cross the lot . he climb into the shiny red car . whitacre ( off the porsche ) hey , Brian , how do you like it ? shepard take in the car . shepard it 's a beauty . how be Hong Kong ? whitacre Real good -- we be go to be take the lysine price up again . he hand shepard a envelope . shepard we be gonna wanna hear how the company respond when we move in . shepard hand he some tape and battery . he grab the brief case off the backseat . shepard you want I to load you up right now ? whitacre that 's okay , Brian . it 's kind of pack with work anyway . whitacre stop shepard from open the case -- he take the tape and put they in he lap . whitacre ( cont 'd ) I will see you at the briefing . whitacre watch shepard walk away then open the briefcase . angle on the briefcase it 's fill with tens of thousand in cash . whitacre ( v.o. ) marty allison , sid hulse , and the other guy will understand -- they have work with I . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 89 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) they see what I be try to do for everyone ... that guy know I - they would back I up all the way -- family and friend be the most important thing . that 's the lesson . 99 interior whitacre mansion - master bedroom - morning 99 whitacre pick a tie to go with he tape recorder suit . he see good thing on the horizon . but , Ginger 's get another point of view . ginger Mark , be you a idiot ? whitacre I be gonna be the only one leave . dwayne will be go . Mick will be go . Terry will be go . I be go to be the only one who can run adm . ginger that 's totally illogical . how can you possibly stay there when you have dust take down the company ? you think they be go to pat you on the back ? whitacre I be next in line . ginger it 's the FBI , right ? they be brainwashing you . Brian shepard put this idea in you head to keep you work for he . she storm out -- whitacre check he hair in the mirror . whitacre I be tell you , they be gonna make I president . shepard ( pre - lap ) how 's you family do ? 100 interior hampton inn - evening 100 shepard , herndon , whitacre , Mann , mutchnik and a host of other agent prepare for the raid . the cheap hotel room have be transformed into a command CENTER . draft : 1/15/03 90 . there 's a map of decatur on the wall with push -pin at various location and a chart of which agent will contact which adm executive . whitacre they be good . they will be at a amusement park when you guy make you move . robin mann whatever happen tomorrow , it may be in you best interest to get a attorney who represent you interest alone . whitacre be confuse . whitacre you want I to go and hire a attorney now ? herndon no , not now ... mutchnik the first thing that 's go to happen be the company lawyer be go to come to all the executive with a list of attorney for you to pick from . you gotta understand , this attorney be be pay by adm . they do not represent you . do not take one of this attorney , that 's when you say to they that you have you own attorney . shepard tell they you have decide to cooperate with the government . mutchnik it 's perfectly reasonable for you to cooperate . it happen all the time . whitacre well , I know a lawyer in decatur ... shepard no , Mark . the town 's too small . mutchnik I be sure you have meet lawyer in you business dealing who can handle this . draft : 1/15/03 91 . whitacre oh , definitely . he search he mind for who that might be . shepard now , Mark once this thing start it 's go to be intense . they be go to know that somebody be on the inside work with we . they be go to do almost anything to find out who it be . whitacre you guy still think everything will work out okay for I at the company ? they will take out the bad guy , but I will be okay ? 101 interior decatur club dine room-continuous 101 mauve cover table patrol by bow-ty wait staff . Wood panele , botanical drawing of the Illinois state flower on the wall , serrate steak knife on the table . whitacre and Wilson dine with a visiting client , 35 . they be a couple of cocktail into the swagger of american Business . terry wilson come on Mark , you be make that up . whitacre no , it 's true . archer , the " a " in adm , choke to death on a chicken bone in 1947 . terry wilson there you have it from Mark whitacre , ph.d . you know what the Ph.D. be for ? pile Higher and deeper . visiting client and let I guess , Daniels be kill by a pig and the cow get midland ? booze soak laughter all around . angle on herndon and shepard at the hostess stand whisper -- the hostess drop she menus . draft : 1/15/03 92. terry wilson so , a chicken get archer -- but fifty year later when you look at we deal with tyson , Foster Farms -- what 's the body count ? more laughter . the agent walk up to the table . herndon Excuse I . Mr. Wilson , Mr. whitacre -- I be Bob herndon and I be a FBI agent . this be special agent shepherd . whitacre terry wilson Jesus , what be it ? what 's what 's this about ? shepard why do not we step over there . Wilson be baffle . whitacre feign surprise -- they both look to they client . terry wilson I have no idea what this be . Wilson get up from the table . whitacre be shake . terry wilson ( cont 'd ) do I need a attorney . whitacre Attorney ? Christ . herndon Mr. whitacre , if I can ask you to step outside with agent shepard and Mr. Wilson , if you could have a seat . the man move away from the table leave the visit client baffle and all alone -- a stunned waitress approach he . stunned waitress would you like to see the dessert menu ? 102 exterior decatur club - evening 102 shepard and whitacre descend the step of the club and head for the FBI cruiser . draft : 1/15/03 93. whitacre ( v.o. ) I save a guy once at a restaurant in Hong Kong . he be choke on a bone and I get he to throw himself over the back of he chair . he send I card on holiday ... just to say thanks ... tell I what he kid be study . he remember I . 103 interior decatur club vestibule - continuous 103 herndon and Wilson . terry wilson you have a reason for embarrassing my colleague and I in front of a business prospect ? herndon Mr. Wilson you be president over at archer Daniels midland Corporation , correct ? terry wilson I run the corn business . herndon this be a serious matter . it involve a international investigation into price fix ... 104 104 exterior decatur club - simultaneously shepard and whitacre . shepard why do not we talk in the car . 105 105 interior decatur club-continuous herndon and Wilson . herndon we have see you and you boss , Mick andrea , conspire with you competitor to fix price . we have see you tell other to do it . draft : 1/15/03 94 . L 106 interior archer , daniel headquarters - night 106 FBI agent flash badge and warrant to a night security guard and fan out down the corridor -- enter office , seize document . herndon ( v.0 . ) there be go to be indictment . search warrant have be issue ... 107 exterior nice neighborhood decatur , illinois - night 107 FBI agent roll up the drive way and approach a middle aged man water he plant . herndon ( v.0 . ) and some people , people you know and work with will be go to jail . the middle aged man drop the hose and go inside with the FBI agent . pull back to reveal two other house on the street have FBI cruiser park in they driveway . herndon ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we be give you a chance ... 108 interior decatur club -continuous 108 Wilson sit motionless cradling he High Ball . out the window , whitacre and shepard be just shape in the dodge . herndon a chance to be able to look you grandchild in the eye someday and tell they you do the right thing ... wilson's Pov Wilson look out the window and see whitacre in the FBI cruiser . 109 interior shepard car - night 109 whitacre and shepard watch herndon and Wilson in the foyer . whitacre be in the middle of a adrenaline rush two - and - a - half year in the make . draft : 1/15/03 95 . whitacre look at that , look at Bob and Terry . man , I would love to be a fly on the wall for that one . I be good be not I ? I seem scared . shepard try to calm he down , get he to focus . shepard remember what we tell you , Mark : tell they that you be cooperate first thing and whatever you do , do not take one of they lawyer . 110 110 interior whitacre's mercede benz coupe - night whitacre and Wilson . whitacre be in a feign panic . whitacre what do you say to you guy ? terry wilson nothing . I tell he nothing . slow down . whitacre I , too . terry wilson he say he have tape -- that he would hear price fix tape . . . what the fuck be that ? I can not believe they would pull this shit on dwayne andrea ... the car skid into a turn up a very long drive toward the kind of mansion that come from price fix . whitacre I bet they tapped the phone -- I always say that about they . I bet it 's phone call . terry wilson maybe , but what 's that ? whitacre you know , I get phone call from time to time , Terry . terry wilson I know , I know . draft : 1/15/03 96 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) Terry never like I ... he 's a dinosaur . a fossil . the andrea ' bully , be all he ever be . he be never go to run the place . that guy never do , they just use they to find the land mine ... mick andreas , mid 40 's appear in the headlight -- shirt un - tuck , hold a drink . 111 111 exterior andreas mansion driveway - continuous gnat swarm around the yard light -- cricket chirp out the temperature . andreas we be go to the lawyer -- I do not want to use the phone . whitacre see , the phone . andreas they hit everyone -- my dad , Schmidt , randall ... wilson fuck I . andreas they play I a tape -- of I -- some meeting with the fuck jap . I call the lawyer .. . they want we to go there . terry wilson they play a fuck tape ! andreas I really do not think they have get that much and when you factor in everything we have ever do for they . it will be a ten year thing for the lawyer then there will be some deal , maybe a fine .. . that 's all it will ever be . Wilson and andrea get in one car -- whitacre get in another . whitacre ( v.0 . ) Mick should have be more of a friend to I . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 97 . whitacre ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) taken I into he confidence more just about different kind of thing ... I could have keep some of the tape out of it ... the one about girl or whatever -- that be gonna be tough to hear on the nightly news ... 112 interior FBI office , decatur - later 112 the small room be abuzz with agent report in . a successful raid . whitacre ( v.0 . ) . I could have turn the tape recorder off and tell Brian and Bob I run out of battery ... shepard do you think it go well ? herndon I do not think I would change a thing . a phone ring somewhere -- a agent answer . phone agent I get agent temple for Attorney mutchnik . mutchnik - - share in the joy of the success take the phone . whitacre ( v.0 . ) they would have believe I . Brian and Bob really trust I ... 113 113 exterior kirk schmidt house - night agent temple sit in he car outside the house on he cell phone . agent temple I just interview a adm employee , kirk Schmidt ... mutchnik ( o.s. ) yeah ... agent temple Schmidt know we be come . he say whitacre tell he about the raid day ago . draft : 1/15/03 98. 114 interior FBI office , decatur - continuous 114 mutchnik hang up the phone . one unhappy guy in the midst of a lot of law enforcement back - patting . he turn to shepard and herndon . mutchnik Bob , Brian - - can I talk to you guy for a second ... 115 interior whitacre's mercede benz sedan - later 115 whitacre listen to the farm report on wsoy as he head down highway 36 . he turn into the holiday inn and park next to the tennis court behind the hotel -- a liter bottle of coke roll around in the wind . whitacre ( v.0 . ) the metric system never pan out . we all have ruler with inch on one edge and centimeter on the other -- I pronounce it centimiter instead of centimeeter -- and nobody ever correct I . they it - just let I walk around stupid so I be not really upset we never cross over , although it 's helpful in Europe . the liter bottle be the only thing that ever catch on , because it 's a nicer word -- liter -- than quart . a sedan pull up next to he . herndon and shepard climb in . whitacre you guy be great . I mean you scared the hell out of Terry and you should have see Mick and the lawyer . shepard that 's super , Mark . whitacre and the best part be , they think you give I the once over . herndon do you make a tape ? whitacre again reach into he pocket and pull out a small tape recorder . draft : 1/15/03 99 . L whitacre yeah , and it 's good stuff . it 's real good . he hand the agent the tape . whitacre ( cont 'd ) so , it 's pretty much over now . whitacre nod -- a moment to savor , until ... shepard Mark , who do you tell ? whitacre what ? what do you mean ? shepard who do you tell about the raid . shepard be furious , he glare at whitacre . whitacre hey , I have to tell my secretary . I tell she a long time ago . I just say , " look I be work with the FBI on some thing , I may be out of touch for a while . that 's all ... shepard still glare . whitacre and , uh , I have probably mention Kathy dougherty , in my division . she 's a dear friend and a trust ally . I do not want she to be scared . shepard why do you do that , Mark ? why do you tell dougherty ? whitacre like I say , I do not want she to be scared . and I can trust she . guy , I can trust she . shepard glare in harder , he voice crack . shepard who else ? draft : 1/15/03 100 . whitacre mmm ... kirk Schmidt . I want to let he know it be okay to talk with you `cuz he might not on account of he 's loyal to I . shepard explode . shepard you could have ruin this entire operation . two and a half year ... herndon intervene . herndon time out . Mark , you know what you do be wrong in we eye ... whitacre start to speak . herndon do not ... do not. look , we can get past this . but be there anything else we need to know ? anything ? a beat . whitacre regains he composure . whitacre no , I can not think of anything , Bob . 116 interior adm lobby - the next morning 116 whitacre stroll through the lobby amaze at the mayhem he 's create . document be be carte away by the arm load . Secretary 's make frantic phone call to lawyer . whitacre ( v.0 . ) selenium deficiency in chick cause reduce growth and pancreatic atrophy and increase mortality . but , do anyone here know that ? it 's in my ph. D. thesis .. . you can solve it with vitamin E. Mick and terry-most of the people -- they do not even have ph. d.y . they would not have the slight idea about what selenium deficiency can do to a chick . but , I know it , I do the research . angle on whitacre a small smile of accomplishment . draft : 1/15/03 101. G whitacre sit in he office . from he Pov he can see the great and powerful dwayne andreas , 70 , Mick and Terry cross the chaotic trading area toward he office -- with they be two starched and suite older men who can only be a lawyer -- AUBREY daniel and JOHN dowd . whitacre ( v.o. ) dwayne andrea , hey , how ya doin ' ? sorry about the FBI arrest you son and investigate you company ... maybe you all should have listen to I . the smile vanish . be he find out ? dwayne andreas Mark whitacre , this be aubrey Daniel . AUBREY daniel pleasure meeting you . I be represent adm in this matter . and this be a colleague of mine John dowd . dwayne 's tell I about you responsibility here ... 1 W - they shake hand . dwayne andreas aubrey defend Lt. calley after the my lai massacre in viet nam ... so this ought to be a cake walk for he . AUBREY daniel we think you might take some time and talk to John here . mick andreas adm 's go to stand behind you on this , Mark . dad and I want the key people to know we will be pay they legal fee . whitacre great , that 's great . dwayne andreas then we will let you fella get acquainted . everyone leave except for dowd and whitacre . dowd give whitacre a warm , know look . JOHN dowd how you hold up , Mark ? draft : 1/15/03 102. whitacre uh , can I ask you something ? JOHN dowd sure . anything . whitacre if I tell you something be you allow to say anything to Mick or dwayne ? angle on whitacre's office from the trading floor . dowd get up and pull the curtain shut . through a crack in the drape we see whitacre and dowd talk . whitacre ( v.0 . ) it feel good to talk , to clear the air -- you get to be like a balloon after a while . a balloon look for a pin to bump into and relieve the pressure . you could get sick from keep it inside and get a tumor or something .. I do not ask for that . why should I pay for my own legal fee when I be not the one who start the price fix . 117 interior FBI office decatur - evening 117 herndon and shepard stand over a similar sea of document -- exhaust . whitacre ( v.0 . ) people get they live 's earning wipe out by this legal entanglement ... I be gonna pay for that ? that 's not right , I have kid and Ginger and horse ... 118 exterior adm - later 118 twilight . from the parking lot you can see two man still talk in the fluorescent light of whitacre 's office . draft : 1/15/03 103. whitacre ( v.0 . ) I have a friend from school who have a law practice and he 's always tell I how they can not talk about they case - like in the firm ... you can tell they anything and they have to keep to themselves or they get in a lot of trouble - they're box . that 's what they say , " box . " 119 interior adm trading floor - later 119 a group of lawyer sit among box of pizza and beer . the drape finally open in whitacre 's office . dowd and whitacre emerge . dowd look stunne , whitacre solemn . Wilson , Daniel , Mick and the other lawyer stop what they do and look up . whitacre I need to tell you that I be cooperate with the government . the FBI have hundred of tape . they know all about lysine . John here agree I should be get another lawyer . JOHN dowd no question about it . dowd and Daniel share a know look . a uncomfortable silence follow . whitacre I be sorry for what 's happen . andreas sorry ? what 's that ? whitacre shake Mick andrea ' hand and walk away . the man be all stunne , they watch he leave . AUBREY daniel John , I bet that sob be wear a wire on you tonight , too . 120 interior adm - the next morning 120 whitacre cross the room ; the object of cold stare and hard silence . whitacre hey . . . good morning . draft : 1/15/03 104. to nobody in particular and nobody respond . he enter he office and close the drape . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( nervous ) there be perfectly good tie on sale and nobody be buy they . paisley and yellow and red rep one with little crest and what have you . two for one . you just have to take the time and look , there be plenty of good one ... but , when he look up AUBREY daniel be stand there - -- all arrogance and anger concentrate into a very intense beam of language . AUBREY daniel Mark , we would like you off the premise . whitacre uh , Mr. Daniel , can not we ... AUBREY daniel management want you out ... whitacre but , I be a vp here ... and with that MARK cheviron pick up he briefcase and car key . cheviron let 's go . angle on brian shepard and he adopted son see through the front window of a car bare down on they as they work on a old ford mustang mach one . shepard react to the camera - - he can not believe what he see . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( bitter little boy rant ) how would Brian shepard like it if he be throw out of he job ? if he be humiliate in front of he secretary ? if he even have a secretary . not very much I be willing to wager . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 105 . whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) it 's like , " hey , Mark we will lead the parade in this bright red suit while you walk behind the elephant with a shovel and some rubber glove in case it get messy ... . " 121 exterior brian shepard home - day 121 a modest midwestern home on a tree line street . whitacre bring he town car to a screeching halt in front of shepard . shepard Mark , you can not be here . whitacre they throw I out , Brian . shepard you be jeopardize everything . whitacre toss I out of adm . I be out . shepard back away from whitacre like he 's a leper . shepard not here , Mark - - on the phone we can set something up . whitacre you gotta help I . whitacre look around -- all the house have eye . a little neighbor boy have stop play catch with he mother and both be now stare at whitacre and shepard -- as be a group of CITY worker fix a telephone wire . shepard if you need to talk , call I . whitacre get back in he car . shepard watch he drive away -- over he shoulder we hear the phone ringing . whitacre park at the far end of the street . 122 122 interior whitacre's town car - continuous whitacre be freak out . shepard ( o.s. ) Mark , you can not show up at my house . how can you know I if this be a secret investigation ? draft : 1/15/03 106. whitacre they know . they know it 's I , my lawyer tell they . shepard ( o.s. ) what ? what lawyer ? whitacre I fire he right away , but he tell Mick and dwayne . 123 interior shepard house - continuous 123 shepard pace the kitchen , stare out the window at whitacre who be park down the street . shepard a lawyer can not do that , Mark . whitacre ( o.s. ) I think that , I do . Mick and dwayne introduce I to this guy and I tell he ... shepard who introduce you ? whitacre ( o.s. ) Mick and dwayne say they be go to take care of I . shepard can not believe whitacre give himself away . shepard Mark , we tell you not to talk to a adm lawyer . we go over that more than once . I think we make it very clear . 124 interior whitacre's parked car - continuous 124 whitacre I know , I know I do . I just do not know one . no idea . shepard ( o.s. ) let I make a call . whitacre you be not mad at I for come over be you , bri ? draft : 1/15/03 107 . 125 interior law office of epstein , zaideman - day 125 jim epstein , 43 , and bob zaideman , 50 , sit with Mark whitacre in they office in the Loop . whitacre recount he life as a mole in a rambling fashion -- leaping tangent to tangent . epstein so , there be not a saboteur in the beginning at all ? you make that up ? whitacre maybe there be , there could have be -- adm steal technology from the japanese - - so I would not put it past the japanese to do the same thing . but after I tell they that I make it up the FBI say I do not have much of a choice . epstein and you begin make tape ... how many tape do you make ? whitacre again display he gift to move he lip and mind in different direction . the interior monologue take precedence -- the on-camera story we have hear before . whitacre whitacre ( v.0 . ) there be over 200 tape . I there be so many really nice carry a tape recorder people in the world . people almost everyday to work once who want to help out . good I sign a cooperate neighbor . good listener . witness agreement , and then like when they have this they give I a special brief flood out on the Mississippi case that I take to meeting and people lose everything that have a hide recorder in and be sleep in a school it -- they even sew a small gym , someone always show up one they just develop into with a warm coat for the old my suit and I would ride around people and a home make pot on the plane and tape Mick roast . that 's why Ginger and and the guy talk about I buy that girl in town a price fix or steal special computer after she technology and illegal have the spine injury . that campaign contribution , just kind of thing really make a whatever we would talk about . we difference . Jim here strike make over a hundred tape -- I as that kind of guy , you and Brian and Bob and I would can tell he 's the one - in-a - get together a couple time a hundred guy who when you come week and work on the into the emergency room , you investigation until we thank you lucky star that brief the lawyer at the it 's he watch . Department of justice and they raid the place . draft : 1/15/03 108. Epstein can not believe it . epstein for how long do you do this ? work as a informant ? whitacre uh , two and a half year . I be a vp and a cooperate witness . a moment of reflection and then ... whitacre I have always think when this be over there would still be a place for I at adm . I still get a lot of friend there . the lawyer look at each other . epstein Mark , it 's very important to you case that you not discuss it with anyone else . this people you work with , you friend , they could end up be witness . so Bob and I be the only people I want you to talk to about this from now on and I want you to know you can tell we anything . whitacre hey , thanks for take the time . I really appreciate it . I feel a whole lot better . whitacre leave . Epstein and Zaideman try and absorb what they have just hear . then they burst into hysterical laughter . 126 126 exterior whitacre mansion - day as see from across the street . a stranger -- scott kilman -- be stand on the step . ginger he 's out of town . kilman my name be Scott kilman and I be a reporter from the Wall Street 1 Journal ... kilman give she a business card . draft : 1/15/03 109 . L angle on whitacre hiding in the corn . he inspect a ear . whitacre ( v.o. ) any kind of corn will pop -- but not every kind turn itself inside out and get white and fluffy ... kilman I know this be a difficult time for you family . but , I have see how this thing go before -- this company really go after the whistle blower . kilman lay out what he know for Ginger . she listen briefly and then walk kilman back to he car . kilman ( cont 'd ) whitacre ( v.0 . ) they have get a whole pr there 's a starch - protein department put out they matrix . certain ratios prove side . it 's just the nature of advantageous ... how do you the beast . if he want he explain that ? who would side come out he 's gonna really take the time to have to do it . listen when the other guy have a agenda . when they can get Ronald Reagan on the phone because they be building a statue of he ... ginger uh , well I do not really know about all that -- like I say , Mark 's away just now - but , I will let he know you stop by . Ginger watch kilman drive away and then turn and walk toward the stable . ginger Mark ? he leave . you can come back . whitacre emerge from among the tall stalk of corn where he 's be watch . 127 interior blue bird diner - early morning 127 whitacre be strung out on martyrdom and insomnia . he stare at he coffee . liz taylor they turn the place upside down . draft : 1/15/03 110. his loyal secretary give he a pile of mail . liz taylor they go though all of this , too . whitacre I be sorry you get drag into this . liz taylor and then they start ask I for the access code to you voice mail . whitacre panic . whitacre do you tell they ? I do not think you have to tell they that . liz taylor well , accord to they I do -- but I do not . and about two hour later Peterson tell I to clean out my desk . he say I have be transfer out of bioproduct . whitacre but , you do not tell they ? 128 exterior adm plant - day 128 whitacre be park in he mercede across the road stare through the chain link fence . truck rumble by . whitacre ( v.o. ) abe lincoln be bear 45 minute from here and I have never be to he log cabin . I have see post card and I send the kid there on a field trip . but , I have never go . I be sure it 's very well preserve . original bed and dining room table and the doorway be probably smaller from when people be short ... it 's only 45 minute away ... cu on whitacre as a sound build in the car ... a small outboard motor we have hear before . get louder ... and then a voice compete . competing voice ( pre - lap ) i've be try to get in touch with you for day ... draft : 1/15/03 111. I 129 exterior whitacre mansion - day 129 whitacre stand with the leaf blower -- but the driveway be spotless . he shut it off . behind he be scott kilman . kilman I would like to talk to you about what 's be go on at adm . a beat . he hand whitacre a card . kilman I be interested in hearing you side of thing . whitacre take a paranoid look around . whitacre we better go inside . we can not talk out here . 130 interior whitacre mansion - morning 130 whitacre make himself a bowl of cereal and talk on the phone . he 's fully caffeinate and ready to go . whitacre they keep come back Brian , and they only have adm 's side of thing . shepard ( o.s. ) do you talk to they , Mark ? what do you say ? it 's real important that you not talk to the press . whitacre I ? I tell he I have no comment . but , they already have the story . a beat . on the counter be a newspaper . whitacre hang up the phone . angle on wsj headline : seed of doubt : a executive become informant for the FBI , stunning giant adm . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I do not owe Brian shepard the truth . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 112. whitacre ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) I mean , I give Brian shepard two C and a half year of my life and now I have legal bill to show for it ... and I be the good guy in all this -- the guy who take on adm ... 131 interior cta commuter train - morning 131 Jim Epstein read the Journal . pull back to reveal it 's in the hand of almost every other executive on the train . epstein shit . whitacre ( v.0 . ) . be Brian shepard gonna lose he job for that ? his standard of live ? I have go to the local junior high school on career day and talk to kid about biochemistry and the kind of career opportunity available ... 132 interior whitacre mansion kitchen - continuous 132 whitacre 's son , Alexander , run , scream into the kitchen . whitacre ( v.0 . ) can Brian shepard and Bob herndon say that , I be the white hat ... alexander dad , dad , you be on tv ! whitacre turn on the tv . a strange light blow out the window of the kitchen . on the tv screen appear the image of : whitacre's house . tv anncr : a vice President in the bio- product division of fortune five hundre adm , whitacre be work as a spy for the FBI for over two year ... whitacre ( v.0 . ) I do enough for Brain shepard . who 's gonna take care of I ? whitacre baby , you gotta come see this we be on tv . draft : 1/15/03 113. 133 exterior whitacre mansion - morning 133 a crowd of reporter and eng crews have sproute up among the corn field . they press in on the gate . America have question for Mark whitacre . the door open and whitacre emerge . expecting rock star exaltation -- he get something else . reporter any comment on the effect you action have have on the decline in adm 's stock price ? whitacre cringe . reporter 2 what have be the reaction of you friend and co-worker to have be tape without they knowledge ? whitacre pick up speed toward the garage . reporter 3 do you believe you and you family can safely stay in decatur , or have the government make arrangement to move you ? whitacre cower in the garage . whitacre ( v.o. ) who pick the kid up for swim lesson . . . who have a plaque in the high school for the Mark whitacre Environmental Award ... where be you friend when it 's dump on Mark whitacre , where 's the pot roast and the warm coat ? 134 interior whitacre live room - day 134 Ginger with shepard and herndon . ginger we be still get the threaten phone call and I know for a fact that dwayne and Terry have be tell people he be not a good worker . that he can not be trust . draft : 1/15/03 114. shepard we tell Mark that he have to expect the unexpected -- that he might be attack -- that he be not go to win any popularity contest for this . ginger he just mope around here watch the news look for a glimpse of himself . or , he call someone from adm look for the latest gossip . 135 exterior roadside motel bloomington , illinois - day 135 whitacre get out of the car with a brief case and head into the hotel . 136 interior whitacre live room - continuous 136 shepard maybe you guy should get out of town until the hearing start . herndon he 's get to stop talk to people that can really come back to bite he ... ginger he 's very proud , you know ... 137 interior roadside motel room - day 137 whitacre fix he hair and smile . a camera flash . ginger ( v.0 . ) . I just feel that after everything he 's do he should be take better care of ... 138 interior whitacre mansion -continuous 138 herndon where be he now ? beat . ginger he say he be go to see you . draft : 1/15/03 115. I 139 interior HOTEL room - continuous 139 a camera flash punctuate he word as whitacre 's story pour itself into ronald henkoff be , 38 , tape recorder . whitacre they have warn I that I would need a attorney and tell I not to get one tie to adm , but they do not stress it ... I spend from six to ten that night talk to John dowd the attorney from adm . dowd promise I he would not tell anyone my role . but , the next day someone at adm call I and say , " hey , dwayne tell I you be the mole . you be the one who cause all this ... " henkoff and then what happen ? whitacre 's story come out -- in both direction . whitacre whitacre ( v.0 . ) it 's be pure hell ever a lot of people do not since . I really believe I believe I would ever go to a ivy be do a good deed . I league school -- but I do . still think that . I will not they do not believe I would get a ever regret that part . I ph. D . -- but I do that , too . still think I do a good maybe Cornell be not Harvard , thing ... just a few week ago but they play each other in I be potentially the next sport . when I be twenty - president of the company . I eight I want to be make have that on tape , and now twice my age -- and I do . it 's pure character then the goal be three time assasination . here 's what 's my age by the time I be be say about I at adm : 30 .. . I be 38 and I be make that I be not a good manager , well over ten time my age , that I be not good with and I will be on the cover of people . that the fed catch fortune Magazine for clean I at price-fixing . up one of the biggest company in America ... and I be just a average student in high school . whitacre ( cont 'd ) I never dream of be a whistle blower . and I would tell other people in this kind of situation to take a stand . try to solve the problem internally . go to the top . ( more ) draft : 1/15/03 116. whitacre ( cont 'd ) if that do not work go to the authority ... 140 interior adm bookeeping dept 140 scott robert , a adm attorney , thumb through record . he 's examine a file entitle : abp INTERNATIONAL . whitacre ( v.0 . ) the bottom line be that I know my story will eventually be confirm by the FBI . there 's no reason for I to put out a story they be not go to confirm ... it would be crazy . angle on the paperwork contract cite various sum of money and photo-copy of check . robert hold two page up to the light . and then run down the hall with the page . whitacre ( v.0 . ) it 's all on tape , everything that happen . 141 interior adm - mick andreas office - evening 141 Mick , dwayne , Roberts and aubrey Daniel stand before the window . the page be tape to the window . angle on the page the two signature eclipse each other perfectly . robert you can see where he paste it . aubrey Daniel pick up the phone barely able to contain he glee . 142 interior whitacre's car - simultaneoulsy 142 whitacre race the Ferrari down a two - lane in the middle of the farm field of South Central Illinois . the phone ring and he answer cheerfully . whitacre Mark whitacre . draft : 1/15/03 117. I AUBREY daniel ( o.s. ) hello , Mark ? it 's aubrey Daniel . I think you forget something ? whitacre pull over onto the shoulder . he look at the cell phone in dismay and stare at a Polaroid of himself from the fortune Magazine photo shoot -- he 's smile in the picture . whitacre ( v.0 . ) one of the thing I have learn in business be that you should always use a person 's name in conversation if you want they to feel important ... sid hulse and marty allison think that and they be very successful salesman ... 143 exterior chinese restaurant , taylorville - day 143 whitacre get out of a FBI cruiser with herndon and shepard and the three man walk toward the restaurant in rural Illinois . whitacre ( v.0 . ) it make people feel like they be definitely be tell something they can use ... they enter and the hostess give they a table up front . whitacre you get anything open in the back ? whitacre ( v.0 . ) just by put they name in there at the beginning or the end . the man sit at a table in the back . a beat . whitacre Brian , Bob , my attorney 's tell I not to say anything , but there 's something I have want to talk about for awhile . herndon do not tell we anything . you have a attorney now . this be not like before . let 's just talk . shepard try to change the subject . draft : 1/15/03 118. shepard you be play any golf ? whitacre do not want to " just talk . " whitacre they want to talk to I at adm . herndon Mark , you understand you lawyer have advise you not to discuss this matter ? shepard we be not ask you . whitacre let I throw out some " hypothetical . " I will talk about some financial situation and you tell I if they be wrong or how serious they might be , ok ? for instance , suppose a company give a executive a car , you know , a corporate car . but instead of drive it to work he drive he personal car and give the company car to he daughter . would that be a problem ? herndon that 's it ? that 's the hypothetical ? the agent try not to laugh . after what whitacre have give the government -- a little undeclared perk be nothing . shepard that should not be a problem . whitacre what about if a executive use a corporate plane for personal use ? herndon basically , it 's the same thing . shepard there may be some IRS issue but ... whitacre what if , hypothetically , the activity involved kickback by corporate executive ? draft : 1/15/03 119 . I herndon there be plenty of way company try and attract business . dinner for client , ticket for sport event ... shepard it 's not ethical but it 's do . a beat . then whitacre go on . whitacre uh , be this conversation on or off the record ? shepard on. definitely . whitacre exhales . whitacre what if the company regularly accept kickback to executive in the form of cash ? shepard drop he fork . hold on shepard . shepard how much money be we talk about Mark ? whitacre pause , clear he throat . whitacre five hundred thousand . herndon how much ??? whitacre shrink from the admission like a puppy who just crap on the rug . whitacre it 's how thing be do there . shepard when do this start , Mark ? whitacre December of 1991 . shepard can not believe it . shepard you , you ... and how be you pay ? draft : 1/15/03 120. E whitacre by check . they we be deposit in various account . and always under 10,000 dollar . shepard and do any of this check come in after we meet ? whitacre pause . whitacre maybe a couple . the agent try and control they anger . shepard who else know about this ? whitacre nobody . herndon lose it . herndon come on , Mark - - you just say it 's how thing be do at adm . now , be there anything else you be involved in ? anything else you need to tell we ? whitacre just what I tell you . herndon I be ask you one more time . whitacre the 500 and that 's it . definitely . whitacre nod . he ask hopefully ... whitacre this be not go to affect the price - fix case , be it ? the three man get up to leave . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I feel good about that . hey , I do not see what the big deal be . they say help we with the price fix and I do -- the two thing be totally unrelated ... draft : 1/15/03 121. 144 exterior dept of justice , WASHINGTON , DC - day 144 aubrey Daniel and a phalanx of a lawyer ascend the step of DOJ . whitacre ( v.0 . ) besides , Mick know about it , definitely ... he 's the one who teach I to do it in the first place . 145 interior department of justice , WASHINGTON DC - day 145 aubrey Daniel and a cadre of corporate attorney sit at a conference table with Mann , mutchnik and U.S. asst . attorney general gary spratling . a overhead projector display the forge contract on the wall . whitacre ( v.0 . ) when you look at what go on with all the price fix they do or the Federal Building be bomb in Oklahoma City , why be we focus on I get a half - million in kick - back along with everyone else ? AUBREY daniel two point five million dollar . deposit in a bank in Switzerland while Mark whitacre be on adm business . we have swear testimony from Mr. lennart thorstensson of the abp Corporation that he 's never see this contract before and that he signature have be forge . he and he company never receive this check ... as Daniel speak one of the young lawyer pass out a folder of affidavit and other document support he claim . AUBREY daniel it be clear to we that Mark whitacre , drive by he own boundless ambition to take over adm , have attempt to frame he superior in a price fix conspiracy of he own invention so that he could seize control of the company ... draft : 1/15/03 122. Mann and mutchnik can not believe what they be see in the black folder . AUBREY daniel his cooperation with the government be merely a smokescreen for he lie and steal . we have additional information that we be prepare to share with Attorney General reno that the money have be move to a account in Grand Cayman with the full knowledge and complicity of whitacre 's FBI partner ... and under ... the DOJ lawyer stare at the table -- search for the rest of they career . whitacre ( pre - lap ) the moon and the sun be up at the same time ... 146 exterior whitacre mansion - morning 146 whitacre be out with the leaf blower -- the driveway be spotless . the moon be up during the day . whitacre ( v.o. ) I wonder if there 's a name for that . we do not have very many moon compare to other planet . what do Jupiter have ? eleven . they be not scientist -- Mick and dwayne -- they do not have ph. d.'s. , but I be the one have to pull my kid out of school for do the right thing ... 147 interior FBI springfield - day 147 shepard and herndon appear before they boss -- paisley and medford . shepard be irate , herndon be a little more circumspect . whitacre ( v.o. ) they need to dig deep , then they ' will find out how high it go -- it 's there they just need to look and they will see ... draft : 1/15/03 123. shepard what be they accuse I of ? I want the specifics ? be they say I be in cahoot with the guy ? medford and paisley do not want to answer this . medford paragraph eight in we agreement with whitacre state that he action be directly attributable to the FBI and the US ... shepard but , how could we know what he be do ? he come to we ... paisley the question they be ask be not `how could we know ? ' it 's ` why do not we know ? ' herndon the question be `were they fix price ? ' medford and paisley share a look . medford the investigation have shift from adm to whitacre . shepard of course , adm decide whitacre 's a thief as soon as they find out he 's work for we . herndon who 's count the money over there if they can just lose 2.5 million dollar for a few year and then find it in a few hour ? shepard we gotta call Mark . paisley I do not want you do that . shepard and herndon be confuse . medford we be take you off . draft : 1/15/03 124. shepard that 's it . we be do ? I think the FBI never hang a witness out to dry . medford he 's not a witness anymore - -- he 's a target . 148 interior law office of epstein , zaideman - day 148 a Sunday afternoon . Epstein and Zaideman try and get a hand on the scope of whitacre 's fraud . whitacre have shoe box of receipt and bank statement . whitacre I only keep a million and a half -- and Mick know about it , he know this thing go on . they teach I how to do it . Zaideman and Epstein shake they head . epstein you can not bullshit this people tomorrow . who know what they know ? if we be go in there we get to go in with the whole story . because the way it get bad for you be if you tell they you be confess and you do not . then you be sorely screw . whitacre look at he shoe box . he nod . whitacre this be everything Jim , what I be tell you here . I look everywhere for the bank statement and the record . this be every penny -- I be not gonna hide anything from you guy . 149 exterior dept . of justice - chicago 149 whitacre enter the building with Epstein and Zaideman . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I be never really that good at chemistry in high school . so I keep take it -- just to get good and wound up with so many chemistry credit I end up go into bio - chem . draft : 1/15/03 125. 150 interior dept . of justice elevator - chicago 150 whitacre , Epstein and Zaideman - on the way into battle . whitacre be strangely placid . whitacre ( v.o. ) that 's really the truth about that -- I want to be a veterinarian when I be kid -- I raise chicken and rabbit ... biochem be my advisor 's idea ... whitacre listen , I have not be tell you the whole truth . I will clear it up in there today . zaideman what ? oh , shit . Epstein start desperately hit elevator button to stop the approach doom . epstein we get to get you out of here . but , it 's too late the door open . whitacre step out . whitacre no . I want to tell they . hold on Epstein . 151 interior dept . of justice conference room - chicago 151 whitacre surround by Epstein and Zaideman who can only imagine which way they loose cannon will roll . across from the DOJ lawyer as far as the eye can see . robin mann Mr. whitacre 's conduct constitute a breach of he agreement with the US government . he be no longer a cooperate witness . epstein my client have give you year of he life , clearly he make mistake , but he make you case . robin mann we be not here to discuss the case against adm . a draft : 1/15/03 126. I ed herbst , early 50' , and mary spear , 40' , take over -- they take no prisoner . herbst Mr. whitacre , my name be Ed herbst and I be with the FBI economic crime unit . I would like you to tell I when you criminal conduct at adm begin . whitacre in early 1992 . I learn how thing be do there from Mick andrea . he 's the one who teach I how to use embezzlement and kickback to make money tax free . Epstein try to do some damage control . epstein my client be ... whitacre I know the fraud I commit be wrong , and I accept responsibility for they . herbst how do you receive the money ? whitacre primarily by check . I deposit they in my bank account in decatur . this seem unlikely . spear get angry -- mary spear they pay kickback in check ? what company would pay kickback in check ? come on ... no one from the government have ever be aggressive toward whitacre before - - he 's throw . whitacre I do not really remember the exact name ... something like agriconsulting and Trading , something like that ... mary spear you do not remember the name of the company that pay you check ? draft : 1/15/03 127. whitacre I . . I have get a lot go on in my life . it 's hard to remember . epstein hey , we be come to you guy . we be cooperate here and we be go to get the money back . Epstein look at whitacre - - this last part might be hard . herbst this might help you memory . he slide the forge abp document toward whitacre . whitacre where do you get that ? herbst this be adm record show the forging of signature . whitacre smile and shake he head . he see the conspiracy plainly . whitacre whitacre ( v.0 . ) see , that 's how they keep do not this people see the people in the fold -- they firm - - or read the book . tell you to take the money it 's all there . everything and then they use it against they do to I they do to you if you talk . it 's how Tom Cruise ... I be not the one they control we . you gotta they should be mad at ... realize who this people be ... mary spear be there anything else you have a hard time remember ? whitacre look at Epstein . Epstein shake he head " no " but whitacre have other plan . whitacre umm ... I have a few other thing to tell you about . Epstein sigh . whitacre there be some thing I do in Mexico ... draft : 1/15/03 128. pull back from conference room as whitacre spill he gut the lawyer look on in bewilderment ... the man be unhinge . whitacre ( v.0 . ) I raise white mouse , too . chicken and goat and white mouse in little cage . they could not come in the house . I take care of they -- that be my job outside . one get in one time , I do not know how , and he be find dead by my mother . this have nothing to do with anything I have do -- he just have die and it be up to I to bring he back to life . I want to do the right thing and wear the white hat and that 's why I try to make it all right so he would not have to be dead . all the thing I do be for that -- but I could not . 152 interior whitacre mansion live room - night 152 shepard , herndon , Ginger and whitacre . Mark look use up -- he hair seem to be gray around the edge . in front of he be a pile of newspaper -- Washington Post , wsj , Chicago tribune , etc . each with a banner announcement of he sin . herndon we can not see you anymore and if you call we and start to talk about it , we will have to hang up ... shepard you can talk to we about you feeling , but that 's it . shepard put he coffee cup down near the newspaper . angle on wsj 7/13/95 headline read : you dirty rat , say decatur illinois - people think MARK whitacre betraye they and asr why he turned to the FBI . whitacre nod -- he can not play with he friend any more . shepard Mark , please understand . this be not what we want . we have get no choice here . draft : 1/15/03 129 . whitacre I will tell you what , my frustration and anger be all come from my work with you guy . I mean , this stuff in the papers , my kid read that . it 's all , " dump on Mark whitacre . " it 's not right . I be harass by the media and Mick and Terry be still go to work in the morning . shepard remember , Mark , we tell you it be impossible to predict what would happen when the case go over . herndon and you never tell we about the five million dollar you take ... Ginger have hear this before and can not hear it again . ginger he work for you for two and a half year , he risk he career , he home .. . and now you turn you back on he and leave we out here . whitacre Ginger ... but the damn have burst . she sob . shepard the reason we come today be because we be concerned about you and Mark 's well be . herndon it 's important that you tell the people in Washington everything tomorrow - - one hundred per cent . whitacre nod . Ginger seethes . ginger you would have nothing without he and you know it . he 's just be use by the government and then throw away cuz ' it 's a lot easier to go after Mark whitacre than anyone name andrea . whitacre stare at the newspaper . draft : 1/15/03 130. whitacre ( v.0 . ) I think a lot of people would come -- a lot of friend ... and people would be surprised by just how many there be . even folk from adm ... the news media would be there for sure ... 153 interior whitacre mansion - master bedroom - dawn 153 whitacre be sit on the bed up and dress when the alarm go off . he lie across he wife on the bed -- more like a child than a husband . whitacre ( v.0 . ) . everything would come out . Brian and Bob would come and I bet one of they would say something about I . rheinhard would come up from Mexico . sid or marty would tell people what kind of boss I be and how I always bring back present ... whitacre you will be ok here with you mom ? Ginger nod groggily . whitacre leave the room -- grab a picture of he family from a bedside table . 154 exterior whitacre mansion garage - morning 154 whitacre open the garage door and we see the entire fleet of car he have amass -- 5 million dollar busy a lot of steering wheel . Ferrari , Range Rover , Jeep , etc . whitacre select the BMW convertible . he get in the car and put he brief case in the seat next to he . he open it and we see the content : hundred of article about whitacre . a scrapbook from a roller coaster ride . he start the car and gun the engine . angle on the garage the beemer do not back up -- the garage door come down . whitacre ( v.o. ) Jesus die on a cross to save other from they sin . Jesus be a hero . I know selfish suicide be forbidden in the bible . 155 montage - the people waiting for whitacre be told he's 155 not coming ... draft : 1/15/03 131. dept . of justice WASHINGTON , DC - day a group of lawyer sit at a table _._a note be pass to robin mann . she read it ... robin mann Mr. whitacre will not be appear today ... o'hare airport - day agent d'angelo get a call on he cell phone at a departure gate . he turn to he partner , agent basset . d' angelo whitacre 's not come . interior brian shepard house - morning the phone ring -- shepard answer . shepard this morning ? whitacre ( v.0 . ) however , the bible make it clear that you sacrifice yourself ... 156 exterior whitacre mansion - a few minute later 156 rusty the gardener show up for work . he get out of he pick - up and kick a few leave off the driveway , he add some chemical to the pool and then walk toward the garage -- as he 's fishing some key out of he pocket he notice the sound of a car engine . whitacre ( v.0 . ) if it 's the only way to save you love one . 157 interior whitacre mansion garage - continuous 157 the air be thick with smoke . whitacre be motionless sprawle in the backseat -- drench in sweat clutching the picture of he family . rusty Jesus , no . somebody help . rusty throw the car in reverse and pull out . draft : 1/15/03 132. angle on whitacre he open a eye , but as rusty look down at he again he close it -- play dead . the car be outside now . rusty turn off the engine . whitacre sigh heavily . whitacre Bud , pull the car back into the garage . pull back in before somebody see I . rusty pull the car back in and turn it off . the smoke be still clear . rusty Jesus , Mark , what be you do ? whitacre still stretch out in the backseat stare up at the ceiling -- explode . whitacre you ... you fuck God . you owe I . you fuck God . after everything I do . rusty be shocked by the outburst -- this be not the guy he know at all . he back away from the car and pick up the garage phone . rusty Ginger , can you come to the garage ? ginger ( o.s. ) why ? rusty , what 's wrong ? rusty I just need to talk to you . ginger I be not come down there unless you tell I what 's wrong . rusty Mark just try to kill himself and ... Ginger 's pierce scream come down the phone line . whitacre be fetal in the backseat -- moan . Ginger and her mother come fly out of the house scream . they pull Mark out of the car toward the open air as he stumble , cough , the family picture clatter across the garage floor . whitacre jump on it like a grenade . draft : 1/15/03 133. whitacre 's kid come out of the house and stand cluster at a distance confuse and terrify . helpless in the face of a fall parent . alexander dad ? Ginger turn to she mother . ginger that goddam dwayne andrea do this to he , Mom . he ought to be kill . whitacre ( v.o. ) ( pre - lap ) sometimes I would leave the country with a big suitcase full of cash . walk right through custom ... 158 interior psychiatrist office , chicago - the next day 158 whitacre lie on the couch talk to doctor miller , 60' , genial , soft-spoken . this be not internal , it 's therapy . whitacre . walk back in with a bag full of jewelry . miller you never think you would get catch ? whitacre that never occur to I . I mean , I look respectable . why would they search I ? and now they be say I steal 5 million dollar . that 's what I have be accuse of . miller do you ? whitacre yeah . they be pay I 500 grand , but it be not enough , I be spend more like eight . so , I take kickback . like I say , it 's just what you do if you want to be part of the gang at adm . miller be that how it be when you be a kid ; you want to be part of the gang ? draft : 1/15/03 134. whitacre nod . whitacre one time I get a brand new , top of the line bicycle . and I bragge to everyone about it . I tell everybody how much it cost . a beat . then proudly . whitacre it cost ninety dollar . miller how do you come to work for the FBI ? whitacre they approach I . this do not make much sense to Miller . miller how be it that they come to you ? do they know about the price fix ? whitacre this agent , Brian shepard come to a number of junior executive at adm ... that 's why they approach I . the price fix have not even start yet ... Miller be confuse by this . miller but , uh , if no crime be , then - Mark , I would like to have you check into the hospital . whitacre look over at a file cabinet . whitacre be thatwhereyou keep you file ? be thatsafe ? I be the main witness againstthesepeople . you do not know whoyou be deal with -- they ' lldo anything to win . 159 interior cat scan facility 159 whitacre - - in he hospital gown -- vanish slowly , head first into the mri tube . draft : 1/15/03 135. ginger ( v.0 . ) over the last few year he 's really change . miller ( v.0 . ) how 's that ? 160 160 interior hospital cafeteria - day Ginger and Miller have a cup of coffee . ginger he just keep buy thing . we have eight car -- three of they we never even use . miller anything else ? ginger I be always the one with the temper and corky be the happy one -- but that 's change too . since he say he would cooperate with the FBI -- he 's become so intolerant of everyone ... miller why do you call he corky ? ginger he 's have that name since high school . he be like a champagne cork always fly off somewhere . 161 161 interior doctor miller' office - another day whitacre look beat . his voice be crack -- he 's distract . not very " corky " right now . whitacre there 's one in Hong Kong . and then there 's the bank account in Switzerland and Grand Cayman ... other thing - there 's a lawyer in New York who have a million dollar of mine . miller and have you tell you attorney the truth about all of this account ? draft : 1/15/03 136. whitacre no , but I do not need to . the other asset be legal -- definitely . miller you need to tell you attorney ... whitacre I do not know if I can trust he . miller Mark , have anybody in you family ever be diagnose as bipolar or manic-depressive ? whitacre nod and lean in . whitacre I have a aunt who they say that about , my real parent die when I be pretty young and I be adopt ... 162 162 interior lawyer' office - day a woman we have never see before be give a deposition to a room full of lawyer . lawyer have you ever hear that Mark tell people he be adopt ? never see before it be in the paper that he be adopt . lawyer Mark be you natural bear son ; be not that correct ? mrs . evelyn whitacre be not dead after all -- she 's be depose . whitacre's mom right . lawyer accord to the adoption story Mark tell , he parent we be kill in a car accident . be there any truth in that ? whitacre's mom no . Mark know he 's not adopt . he grow up in we house . draft : 1/15/03 137. lawyer another aspect of the story be that he parent be wealthy . do you consider yourself wealthy ? whitacre's mom no . lawyer and when do Mark first send you a check from the account in Switzerland ? 163 interior conference room - epstein , zaideman - continuous 163 whitacre appear again with Epstein before another herd of lawyer . epstein my client be here to cooperate fully , so agent d'angelo , if you have any question . agent tony d'angelo , 35 , relaxed -- more like herndon than shepard . d' angelo this be you chance to put everything on the table . this be the chance to redeem yourself , but if you be not go to be completely honest you should stop talk now . whitacre I understand that . and I want to tell you I feel bad . I be so sorry , and I feel worst about let down Brian shepard and Bob herndon . last time we talk I be under a great deal of stress and I say some thing that be not true . I would like to clear that up . whitacre be more earnest than ever before -- he begin . whitacre ( cont ' D ) the first kickback be in 1992 , Mick know all about it , he tell I there would be plenty of opportunity to take kick back on asian and european contract at adm . d' angelo be anyone else involved ? draft : 1/15/03 138. whitacre uh , sid hulse ... 164 interior DOJ , WASHINGTON - conference room 164 sid hulse testify with he lawyer , sheldon zenner and FBI agent grant and a bunch of DOJ lawyer . zenner before sid say anything , you know about this scheme with the nigerian letter ? agent grant the 419 fraud ? we see it every day . zenner you ever wonder who be dumb enough to fall for something like that ? hulse be flushed . hulse this be really embarrassing . but , that 's how Mark and I first get involved financially ... 165 interior epstein , zaideman conference room - continuous 165 whitacre then there be rheinhard richter who I work with in Mexico . we have some deal that involved ... 166 interior amercian embassy - mexico CITY - day 166 richter , the guy from the Admiral 's Club in Mexico city , be question by FBI agent basset . richter 's entire financial history be spread out on the table in front of they . agent basset so we have money leave you account here and here and here and it 's go to whitacre 's account ... his wife Ginger 's account . this one be go to whitacre 's parent account . richter like I say , that be loan . agent basset be not buy it . draft : 1/15/03 139 . agent basset look we know you be stick up for Mark here , but you story do not seem true . Mark be cooperate now . richter fold . richter you be right . it 's not true . all the money go to Mark . agent basset when do it start ? richter Mark tell I about this nigerian thing he get in the mail . 167 interior epstein , zaideman conference room - continuous 167 whitacre and then there be marty allison . marty 's a good friend . 168 interior US attorney' office chicago - day 168 marty allison , 40 and he lawyer , michael monico , appear before a host of FBI agent and lawyer . marty allison Mark tell you guy about Nigeria , right ? nobody say anything . marty allison when I start at adm , uh in 1990 , Mark get a letter from Nigeria . 169 flashback - adm , 1990 - day 169 the office as we have see it -- bustling with business . allison walk down the hall and be stop by whitacre . whitacre hey , marty , get a minute . he take a seat across the desk from whitacre . whitacre show he the nigerian letter . draft : 1/15/03 140. allison ( v.0 . ) he tell I he would be in touch with certain party in Nigeria . businessman who have overbil the government there for million -- but now need bogus invoice from legitimate US business man to make it all look above board . you put in ten grand you get a hundred back . whitacre I know people who have make million on this . my step - father clean up . 170 interior US attorney' office chicago - continuous 170 basset and allison . agent basset he would never hear of the nigerian scam ? marty allison not until a couple year later when sixty minute run a piece on it show how people have lose a fortune on the con . agent basset and the kickback ? marty allison he have I set up a company in Germany and send fake invoice . I would get a check for like 200 grand and most of it would go back to Mark . agent basset you keep the rest . marty allison he tell I management know about it . but , it seem to I that he be do the same thing to adm , that the nigerian have do to we . 171 interior epstein , zaideman conference room - later 171 whitacre have laid out a amazing litany of theft and deception . draft : 1/15/03 141. d' angelo how much money do you receive through all you illegal activity ? whitacre take a moment -- do the math in he head , mouth to himself the various source of he massive fraud . whitacre uh...7.7 million dollar . but , Mick know . like I say , he endorse this thing . d' angelo he endorse you steal 7.7 million dollar ? whitacre he might have though that be a bit much . d' angelo be there anything else you want to tell we ? whitacre well , I think you do a real good job today -- I do know that adm have be steal microbe from the japanese for year and that they use prostitute to get information from the competition 's facility in Iowa . I know that Mick andrea use cocaine and I have that on tape -- and there be illegal campaign contribution to both american and foreign politician ... and under ... 172 exterior grant park , chicago - day 172 a empty band shell by Lake Michigan . whitacre sit by himself wear dark glass hold a envelope . wait ... epstein ( v.0 . ) when agent go under cover for the FBI , they get train for the stress of live a secret life ... 173 interior DOJ chamber - day 173 Epstein address the standard assortment of lawyer -- Mann , mutchnik , spear , spratle , etc . draft : 1/15/03 142. epstein we hear this all the time from you guy , how easy it be for train agent to crack . and here be Mark ... a civilian with no training . 174 174 exterior grant park - continuous whitacre get up and walk toward a black sedan . he look around , paranoid . he would not make a good spy . epstein ( v.o. ) but , you guy shove he in there , you tell he ' go for it , ' without anything to make sure he do not crack under pressure . you have to ask yourself , be the US government take in by Mark whitacre , or do it help create he ? whitacre lean into the car and hand off the envelope . he speak to some hoodlum we can not see . whitacre tomorrow , 3 o'clock ... where we talk about . 175 175 interior DOJ chamber - continuous Epstein 's plea be move -- he 's reach this people . epstein Mark commit a crime . he steal nine million dollar . it 's indefensible . but this guy from adm steal hundred of million of dollar from innocent people all over the world . Mark show you that four white guy in suit get together in the middle of the day , be not a business meeting . it 's a crime scene . and not only do he tell you about it , he get you the evidence to prove it . now , we be not look for the moon and star . we be look for something in the area of three year .. . or we can take it to trial . and in that trial I will lay out everything Mark whitacre do -- good and bad ... draft : 1/15/03 143. 176 exterior shopping mall - decatur 176 whitacre stand in the parking lot read the paper on a cool autumn day . no black sedan . the big clock outside the bank in the mall say : 4:25 . whitacre walk over to a trash can and remove a bottle of medication from he pocket . he empty it into the trash . epstein ( v.o. ) and somewhere a future whistle blower be go to pick up the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal and read what Mark 's life have become because he decide to cooperate . whitacre give up , get in he car and drive away . 177 interior DOJ chamber - continuous 177 he drive he point home . a brilliant performance . epstein because he decide to take on a powerful company - and then , you ' will never have one of this white collar guy pick up a phone and call you ever again . 178 interior whitacre mansion - a little later 178 whitacre come fly through the door -- he jacket be now rip , he glass be bent , he 's hold he arm . he look like he 's be through hell ... he 's frantic . whitacre baby . . . Ginger . they grab I . there be two of they . Ginger rush through the house to the aid of she husband . ginger oh my God ... whitacre they would not let I out of the car . ginger look at you shirt .. . what happen ? as she embrace he we be close on whitacre ... draft : 1/15/03 144. 179 interior wand - tv studio , decatur - day 179 whitacre and Ginger be interview by the local news anchor against the " wand " backdrop . whitacre be calm -- convincing . whitacre I be abduct . they take I for a twenty - minute joy ride and tell I that I basically better forget everything that 's not on tape . local news anchor do the man identify themselves ? whitacre smile . whitacre I think we know who send they . ginger and they saw the lock off the door like , like mafia thug . local news anchor and where be the FBI in all this ? 180 interior blue bird diner - afternoon 180 shepard watch the interview on the tv in the corner in the crowded diner . ginger ( on tv ) what people have to realize be -- the FBI do the same thing . they lock my husband in a investigation and drive we family around for three year threaten he . you tell I , where be they now ? he be stung by she word . whitacre ( on tv ) I have a lot of faith in the guy at the FBI -- they always say they would take care of I . shepard throw some money down on the lunch counter and leave . draft : 1/15/03 145. 181 interior law office epstein , zaideman - evening 181 Epstein bring a deal to Mark and Ginger . he believe he have save he client , but the whitacre 's feel differently . whitacre Three to five year ? but , adm 's the bad guy . epstein you have get to focus here . you steal nine million dollar . and then you lie about it . maybe in you head you be one of the good guy but to they you a guy who steal a lot of money and lie about it . whitacre Ginger and I have be talk and we would like to file a law suit against Brian shepard and the ijs government . epstein Jesus Christ , for what , Mark ? whitacre he hit I with a brief case . this be news to Ginger , but she believe it . Epstein do not . epstein Mark . . . come on . whitacre and he tell I to destroy certain tape that do not help the case . Epstein throw up he hand . epstein Mark , I be tell you -- take the plea . whitacre smile and look at Ginger . whitacre thanks , Jim . but , we be go to go a different way . draft : 1/15/03 146. 182 interior whitacre mansion --day 182 Mark sit in he office stare at a letter from Doctor Miller . whitacre ( v.o. ) I read this study in time magazine when I be at Cornell -- which be a ivy league school -- and there be a lot of people who never believe , include my mother , that I would make it to a ivy league school maybe just Ginger who I meet in march Band in the 8th grade ... angle on the letter fragment of the content " this be to inform you of you lithium level " ... " exacerbated by stress " ... " a strict drug regimen ... " whitacre ( v.0 . ) .and the study say that people have nice , sympathetic feeling about people who be adopt and treat they better . so I make up this adoption story -- and people do treat I better -- and when I get a job one of my professor tell the people at ralston purina that I be this amazing guy that have accomplish all of this in spite of be adopt -- whitacre take out a pair of scissor and go to work on the letter . whitacre ( v.0 . ) .and so it be really other people who spread the story not I -- although I admit it be wrong to start it and everything , it be other people who keep it go . even the people at adm . my new lawyer see that . 183 interior chamber DOJ - day 183 bill WALKER , 50 , fat and rule by fantasy be whitacre 's new lawyer . he sit in a golf shirt and tennis shoe face a squad of amaze DOJ prosecutor . draft : 1/15/03 147. WALKER this all go back many year , before most of we be bear ... it 's bigger than any of we , and it 's ongoing . I know you be skeptical , but I have see it . my client Mark whitacre have show it to I . maybe I be just a personal injury lawyer from taylorville - nowhere - Illinois , but I tell you I know the identity of the master puppeteer . the DOJ lawyer try not to laugh . mary spear the who ? WALKER master puppeteer , and it 's not who you be think . 184 interior whitacre mansion - evening 184 Mark sit splicing tape of Brian shepard from one tape recorder to another -- try to piece together a incriminate tape to frame shepard . whitacre ( v.0 . ) grandiosity and embellishment -- what they call it when you embellish thing -- that be the major symptom of bipolar disorder . and the other , the second major symptom be poor judgement . and that 's something Brian shepard should have know ; the bipolar disorder be what make I believe I would be President when it be over ... although there be a time when Mick tell I , on a trip to nebraska , that I could be head for the top . WALKER ( v.o. ) Mark have tape -- tape the government do not want we to hear . 185 interior chamber DOJ - contiuous 185 Walker be in full rant . he hold a letter up for all to see . draft : 1/15/03 148. 1 WALKER tape that outline the action of Brian shepard , who hit Mark whitacre with a brief case when Mark be cooperate with the government . and he have a letter from he psychiatrist outline and confirm the cruelty perpetrate on he by agent shepard . a letter from he psychiatrist , clearly exonerate he from all wrongdo . Walker hand the letter over to spear . 186 interior whitacre barn - dusk 186 Winter . Gray snow on field of dirt and break corn stalk . a empty swim pool and a for sale sign in the yard . Inside shepard sit with whitacre and Ginger . shepard hold the letter shepard I read the letter from Doctor Miller , Mark . it 's not true . whitacre it 's true . definitely -- it 's on he letterhead , he sign it ... shepard the area code ... Mark ... he put the letter in the middle of the table . shepard ( cont 'd ) . Area code 847 . it say the letter be write in November 1995 - - that area code do not exist then . whitacre well , everybody know the area code change be come . lot 's of people order new stationery early . shepard I think about that . so I ask the phone company . this be the press release announce the 847 area code ... he put the release on the table . draft : 1/15/03 149 . shepard it 's date six day after you letter be write -- Doctor Miller could not have know about it . whitacre stare at it -- then look up . the machine in he head that reconstitute reality grind and seize . he's finally trapped . the interior monologue be the same as the dialogue in the scene -- but precede what whitacre be saying out loud by a instant . there be a echo only whitacre can hear . whitacre whitacre ( v.0 . ) ron henkoff from fortune ron henkoff from fortune call Doctor Miller and call Doctor Miller and Miller confirm the Miller confirm the letter ... letter ... shepard I call Miller , Mark . Ginger quietly start to cry -- pick up the letter . whitacre whitacre ( v.0 . ) he can not talk to you . - that 's he can not talk to you ... that 's a violation of doctor patient a violation of doctor patient confidentiality ... confidentiality ... shepard Doctor patient confidentiality do not apply to forgeries . Ginger cry harder . whitacre try again . whitacre ( v.0 . ) whitacre then why do fortune Magazine then why do fortune Magazine run the story ... run the story ... Ginger have have it , she break down . ginger stop it ... whitacre shepard call henkoff ... he never write the letter . ginger stop it , Mark . you have to stop do this to yourself , please stop . whitacre be do . draft : 1/15/03 150. F whitacre I think maybe I should go back to the hospital . 187 interior federal court , urbana illinois 187 whitacre look like shit . he sit with Walker in judge harold baker be courtroom . super : october , 10th , 1997 clerk case 97-2001 United state of America versus Mark whitacre . judge baker you have the right to make a statement if you wish ? whitacre nod and stand . whitacre I appreciate the opportunity to say a few word , it 's be a long five year . I apologize to a lot of people in this room ... angle on shepard and herndon they sit together in the back row . whitacre and to a lot of they who be not in this room for my action . I realize I hurt a lot of people and I apologize greatly ... I be here to accept my punishment . that 's all . judge baker to observe that Mr. whitacre be the usual felon be a gross understatement . he be well educate , have a loving wife and family , be respected in the community . it be not inconceivable that in due course he may have become ceo of archer Daniels midland ... angle on whitacre he smile . he know he could be ceo someday . . . we hear whitacre in a calmer time . draft : 1/15/03 151. whitacre ( v.0 . ) I like jail . I think it 's be good for I ... but , the judge be not do with he . judge baker however , the court can find no clear connection between Mr. whitacre 's bipolar disorder and the 45 count of criminal misconduct he have be charge with -- just garden variety greed . it be very difficult to tell when Mr. whitacre be tell the truth ... 188 interior another courtroom - day 188 a larger courtroom . Mick and Terry stand for sentencing , surround by aubrey Daniel and other . whitacre ( v.0 . ) but , I do not think what happen be fair when you look at what happen to I compare to Mick and Terry . I mean , if you go and hold up you local grocery store you might get five year ... super : five year later angle on whitacre full screen video whitacre Mick and Terry hold up every grocery store in the world and they only get three ... so you tell I how it make sense that I get nine . I think that 's something you should consider , Mr. President , when review my request for pardon . 189 interior federal correctional institution , sc - day 189 whitacre be in he green prison jumpsuit -- bald -- he toupee , another deception , also go . he sit in front of a video camera in the beam of one light . a cameraman record he pardon appeal . draft : 1/15/03 152 , I whitacre ( cont 'd ) I would also like to take this opportunity to apologize to special agent Brian shepard on behalf of myself and my wife Ginger , he never hit I with a brief case or tell I to destroy tape . the idea to sue he be not mine -- it come from someone at adm and I should not have listen . I can not remember who . when I be at adm , I live so many life , I be not sure who I be . today , I know more who I be and what I really want out of life . I have complete three post- graduate degree while in detention . a j.d. which be , of course , a law degree and another advanced degree in the psychology of jury selection . I sleep better in prison than I have in year . my wife have forgiven I and believe that the ordeal with adm have bring we closer together in a marriage of over 20 year . I hope you will allow I to leave here , so that I can re-join my life with my family and three kid . . . two of whom be adopt ... especially when you consider that thanks in large part to my testimony the US government have be able to collect over a billion dollar in price - fix fine from big business . that 's it . thanks . he smile . the light go out . the cameraman start pack up the equipment . out of the shadow step Bob herndon . herndon good luck with the appeal , Mark . whitacre thanks for help I remember everything Bob . I sure appreciate it . I wish Brian could have come . herndon he still pretty angry . whitacre you tell he , I be real sorry . can you do that for I ? the funny part be if I would never go undercover I would have never steal 11 million . it be my way out . my severance . what else could I do -- I write my own severance . draft : 1/15/03 153. before herndon can respond a correctional officer approach . correctional officer work detail . whitacre I gotta go , Bob . herndon do some math . herndon 11 million ? I think it come out to nine . whitacre do I say eleven ? Boy , it be only nine . definitely . the eleven be with interest . herndon Mark , be you still take you medication ? whitacre the doctor here say I do not need it anymore . I can manage without it now that there 's less stress . it be just the stress of the FBI . herndon turn to leave - - and then he pause . herndon Mark , be it eleven ? I mean there be not something else we need to ... whitacre I do not know Bob , you tell I . he smile and turn he back on the agent and walk down the hall toward work detail . sfx : a drum roll explode into the roar of the clash be cover of " I fought the law ( and the law won ) . " as Joe strummer sing " break rock in the hot sun ... " 190 exterior whitacre mansion - day 190 park in the driveway be a truck with a adm logo on it -- two adm worker have set up some seismic equipment on the lawn . one work the gear , the other talk to the new owner . draft : 1/15/03 154. I N new owner Mrs. whitacre never tell I anything about any hide room and tunnel and neither do the realtor . 191 interior supermarket - day 191 Ginger whitacre check out of the grocery store . as each item be scan by the cashier we freeze on the side of the package ... instead of the ingredient panel of the package we see : super : mick andreas and terry wilson be sentenced to three year at the federal prison camp in duluth , minnesota for price fixing . they be released in 1999 . neither return to adm . another item ... super : dwayne andreas be never indicted . he retired from adm and remains politically active . he nephew allan andreas be now ceo of adm . another item ... super : ajinomoto corporation plead guilty and pay $ 10 million in fine . mr. yamada remains under indictment and will be arrested if he attempt to enter the UNITED states . another item ... super : bob herndon be a FBI agent in kansas CITY , missouri . he be awarded the attorney general' medal by janet reno for he work in the adm case . another item ... super : brian shepard be cleare of any wrongdoing and be also awarded the attorney general' medal in 1999 . he be still the resident FBI agent in decatur , illinois . grocery cashier how would you like to pay for this ? Ginger open she checkbook . super : ginger whitacre move her child to akin , south CAROLINA to be near her husband . she be a elementary school teacher . draft : 1/15/03 155. 192 exterior whitacre mansion - a little later 192 the adm worker have dig a hole in the yard . the new owner look on shaking she head . super : no hidden room be ever found at the whitacre residence . adm refuse to disclose if all of the money MARK whitacre stole have be accounted for . 193 exterior correctional facility - evening 193 whitacre drive a combine in a corn field behind a barb wire fence -- he wear a orange jumpsuit and a white hat . GREEN / gold stalk of corn flash by ... hold on one husk of corn as the super crawl ... super : MARK whitacre be serving nine year for fraud and price fixing in edgefield federal prison . he have sought pardon from bill clinton and GEORGE W. BUSH . but , have not be released . over 30 grand jury have investigate price fixing in the food and vitamin industries since MARK whitacre stepped forward . as a result , by 1999 , the US government have collected over $ 1 billion in fine . the combine harvest the husk we have be hold on -- clear the frame . leave only blue skie . the end