memerro film the past a film by asghar farhadi translate by simindokht dehghani & massoumeh lahidji shoot script — september 2013 1 . int . charle do gaulle airport - day behind the glass wall , which separate the baggage claim area from the busy airport terminal , marie be await the arrival of a passenger . she be hold a simple bouquet of flower . she scan the crowd of the newly arrive passenger . Marie 's gaze reveal a sense of worry . her eye fix on a man who have he back towards she . she look more carefully , uncertain that he be the man she be wait for . the man be wait along with the other passenger for he suitcase . Marie change position so that perhaps she 'il be able to see he face . she briefly see he profile . he 's ahmad , forty - four year old . she spontaneously raise she hand to catch he attention but change she mind . she take off she wristbrace and stuff it into she purse . she prefer to watch he for a few moment from afar . Marie be intensely watch Ahmad ; he have not yet see she . one by one , the passenger take they suitcase and leave . only Ahmad be still wait next to the empty carousel for he suitcase . Ahmad wander through the baggage claim area look for a representative to report he miss suitcase . he speak to a member of the airport staff . Marie try to get he attention from afar by wave she hand . she signal to a passenger who be hold a suitcase and walk by Ahmad to get he to look at she . the passenger speak to Ahmad . he now turn he head and see Marie through the glass wall . happy , he walk towards she . they both come face - to- face on either side of the glass wall . they can not hear each other . from the expression on they face , it be clear that they have not see each other in a long time . she understand that he luggage have not arrive with the flight . 2 . ext . outside charle do gaulle airport - parking lot - day it 's pour rain . Marie and Ahmad run side by side through the parking lot . they be laugh complicitily . they jump into the car , both soaking wet . 3 . ext . charle do gaulle airport - parking lot - int . samir 's car - day Marie open the door and sit behind the wheel . the water be drip down she face . Ahmad also get in , struggle to catch he breath . marie you still smoke ? ahmad no , I be get old . Marie reach over to take a box of tissue . she dry she face , then offer one to Ahmad , who do the same . Marie toss she bag in the back . Ahmad do the same with he backpack and the bouquet . he notice the back of the car be load with all sort of thing . several clothes cover in plastic dry -clean bag be hang from the ceiling of the car . ahmad ( jokingly ) you buy a car ? marie ( laugh ) no , I borrow it . Marie start the car . Ahmad be surprised by the music that come on . she turn the radio off and attempt to dry she hair with the car 's heater which be still warming up . then , she struggle to put the car in gear . her wrist hurt , so , she try with she leave hand . ahmad what 's wrong ? marie my wrist hurt . Ahmad shift the gear for she . ahmad ( jokingly ) you be get old too . marie ( 1smie ) look out you side and see if I have enough room . Ahmad look out the passenger - side window and Marie start to back up . ahmad you have room ... the car hit something . ahmad stop ! what be you do ? fade in : title : the past 4 . ext . highway - int . samir 's car - day the rain have ease up . Ahmad and Marie drive through a tunnel and continue on a highway lead to the city . ahmad do the girl know I be here ? marie ahmad do not you tell they ?! marie I think you might let we down at the last minute , like the last time . Ahmad fall silent . Marie look at he and smile . as if she 's try to soften she harsh comment . marie put it in fourth . Ahmad shift the gear for Marie . ahmad I be here now , let they know . I have like to see they . marie we be go to see they now . ahmad where ? marie we be pick up lucie and go home . ahmad do not you book a hotel for I ? marie ahmad you be suppose to . marie I be not sure you would come . ahmad what do you mean you be not sure ? marie I be not sure . ahmad listen , something come up last time . just two day before I ... marie do not worry about it . do not start make excuse , we do not have all day ! ahmad just because I cancel my trip once ? marie not just for that . they both fall quiet and go on drive for a while in silence . marie the girl would like to have you . ahmad I do not want to disturb . marie you will not disturb we . you will have to come for you suitcase anyway , when it 's deliver . Ahmad do not reply . marie at least , come and change you clothes so you do not catch a cold . Ahmad still do not reply and wipe the steam - up windshield . 5 . int . samir 's car - ext . the STREET of lucie 's school - day student exit a school . Ahmad sit alone in the car , watch the student file out through the window . a police officer knock on the window . Ahmad get out of the car and go towards she to dissuade she from write the ticket . she tell he to move the car . Ahmad sit in the driver 's seat . 6 . int . samir 's car - ext . the street around lucie 's school - day Ahmad be behind the wheel and can not find a place to stop . he be force to go down a one - way a street and turn onto another street to circle back to the school . the sun shine into he eye . as he lower the sun visor , a few piece of paper fall out . he try to pick they up as he be drive . among the document , he see a identification photo of a man in he early thirty . he stare at the picture and drive for a moment while hold it in he hand . he tuck the papers back in they place . he turn onto the street where the school be locate . the crowd of student have thin out . he see Marie stand by the side of the road look worriedly for she car and Ahmad . she see he and get in . ahmad she be go to give you a ticket ... I go around the block . Marie do not respond . she seem upset . ahmad so? marie she 's leave . ahmad do she know you be come to pick she up ? she ask he to get go and take out a cigarette and light it . she roll down the window to let the smoke out . Ahmad realize she 's upset . ahmad maybe she go home because you be late ? marie it 's not she first time . ahmad why ? marie I do not know . last night she come home at 11 . ahmad they all go through this at she age , it 's normal . marie it 's not normal . ahmad why what 's wrong with she ? marie she 's be giv I hell for two month over nothing . maybe you could talk to she , try and see what 's wrong with she ? ahmad if she still remember I after all this time . marie she love you . ahmad after all this time ? marie where be you go ? turn right ! Ahmad , who have forget the way , follow Marie 's direction . ahmad I be daydream . marie you have forget everything . ahmad I be distract . 7 . ext . STREET outside marie 's house - day a long , wide street cut through a residental neighborhood of similar stand alone house near a railline . Ahmad pull over in front of the house . Marie get out of the car to go inside . ahmad marie-anne ... Marie pause and turn to Ahmad . Ahmad take the papers and document from above the sun visor and hold they out to Marie . ahmad you should not leave this here . it 's risky . Marie take the document and put they in she purse . she sense that Ahmad have already see the picture . Ahmad also get out . 8 . ext . marie 's house - the front yard - day the front yard of Marie 's two -story house be separate from the street by a metal fence and a gate . Ahmad look at the yard from between the gap in the fence . a ten -year- old girl , lea and a six - year - old boy , fouad be busy play in the yard . lea and fouad be struggle to put into place the chain of a old bicycle , probably belong to lea . Marie who have enter the yard , start pick up the hang laundry . marie be lucie home ? lea no . she go in the house . Ahmad discreetly enter the yard . lea you break it . fouad pull harder ... lea I can not . i’1 ] 1 hurt my hand . ahmad ( to fouad and lea ) no , not like that . first put one side on , then the other . the two child have only now notice Ahmad 's presence . surprise , they stop pull on the chain . Ahmad take the chain from they . ahmad I will show you . this go there ... it 's dry out . ( to lea ) we need some oil . you know where to find some ? it use to be in the cupboard in the shed . lea Ahmad ! Ahmad be happy that lea have recognize he so quickly . he hold she tightly in he arm . surprise and curious , fouad look at they . ahmad my dear lea ... you be do good ? you have grow so much , sweetie . Ahmad hold out he hand to fouad . ahmad hello , sir. fouad do not shake he hand . ahmad ( jokingly to lea ) you friend be ignore I . what 's he name ? fouad his name be fouad . ahmad hello , fouad . fouad shake he hand . 9 . int . marie 's house - day Marie 's house be two-story . on the first level be the kitchen with a window face the backyard , Marie 's room , the study with the computer and the child 's room . on the second floor , which be reach via a narrow stairway , there be only one bedroom with a window , which face the front yard and street . although the house be old , it be clear that it have be recently renovate . the paint on the wall have not yet fully dry and a ladder and painting supplies can be see throughout the house . Marie climb the stair to the small upstairs room she have prepare for Ahmad . in the bedroom be a small wooden bunk bed , presumably belong to she daughter . she lay the clothing she have bring for Ahmad on the bed . while she be make the lower bed , shes watch through the window Ahmad who be busy fix the bike with fouad . she open the window face the yard . marie come inside , Ahmad . and you , fouad , come get you thing in the bedroom . 10 . int . marie 's house - downstair - day Marie go to the bedroom to dry she hair . Ahmad and fouad come inside . lea come out of the kitchen . lea it be not in the shed . ahmad then you change its place while I be away . fouad there 's some in my father 's car . Ahmad hear what fouad say but do not react . he notice the freshly paint wall . as he wander through the house , it be clear that he have memory of this place . lea and fouad be stand watch he . ahmad ( to lea ) where 's the shelf that be here ? the old wooden shelf ... lea we move it . ahmad there be book of mine on it . marie all you stuff 's put away in the shed . Marie , face the mirror in she bedroom be try , despite she aching wrist , to blowdry she hair . Ahmad peek into the bedroom , lean against the doorframe . marie watch the paint . Ahmad straighten up . ahmad be not the other color better ? marie it 's not do yet . my wrist make I stop . Ahmad enter the room . ahmad ( jokingly ) you should have wait for I to come . I I could have do it while I be here . it would have keep I busy . he take the blowdryer from Marie to help she . stand close to she , he dry she hair while she brushes it with she other hand . ahmad I will do it . marie do not you want to go to a hotel ? ouch ! you be burn I . Ahmad hold the blowdryer further back and fall silent . Marie continue brush she hair . marie it 's fine , thanks . Ahmad turn off the blowdryer . Marie get up . she pick up the phone and walk out of the room while dial . marie I leave some clothes upstairs . go change before you catch a cold . Ahmad remain in the room . as the phone ring , Marie walk towards lea 's room . she see fouad , stand in the hallway , keep a eye on the bedroom . marie ( to fouad ) what be you do here ? go on . get you thing and go upstairs . you will sleep there and lucie here . fouad I do not like it upstairs . Ahmad come out of the bedroom and walk towards the stair . marie it 's just while Ahmad 's here , then you will come back downstairs . hurry up , please . ( on the phone ) lucie , call I back , please . I have a surprise for you . Marie hang up . fouad be upset as he grab he thing and pull he sheet off the bed . 11 . int . marie 's house - upstair bedroom - day Ahmad be look out the window . everything bring back old memory . fouad push the door open with he body and walk in hold all of he bedding . exasperate , fouad dump he thing on the bottom bunk and climb up to make the bed on the top . Ahmad be stare at fouad as he struggle to make he bed . Ahmad help he , scrutinize he expression . ahmad be that you father 's car outside ? fouad ahmad do you live here ? fouad ahmad with you father ? fouad ahmad since when ? fouad since school start . Ahmad be take aback by fouad 's answer . he sit on the edge of the lower bed . fouad be still struggle with the sheet . ahmad do not bother make you bed . you can sleep downstairs in you own bed . fouad take the sheet and climb down the ladder of the bed . he again gather he thing to leave the room . 12 . int . marie 's house - downstair - day fouad come down the stair . Marie be get ready and see fouad and come towards he . marie why be you come down ? fouad he tell I to . surprise , Marie walk upstairs . 13 . int . marie 's house - upstair bedroom - day Marie open the door . Ahmad be sit on the edge of the bed . Marie realize how upset he be . she enter the room and close the door . marie there be not enough bed for the three of they downstairs . ahmad you live with someone ? marie ahmad you do not tell I . marie ( surprised ) what do you mean ? I write it in my email . ahmad what email ? marie I do not know which one . one of they . ahmad I do not get any . marie so , why do you want to stay at a hotel ? ahmad I do not want to disturb you . marie in any case , I write you . ahmad I do not get anything . marie you do not wonder why I ask you to come for the divorce ? Ahmad be quiet . Marie lean against the wall . they eye meet . after a long silence , Ahmad finally speak . ahmad do he know I be here ? marie ahmad I be leave then . marie he will not come by while you be here . or he will let I know , for sure . ahmad when do you send that email ? marie I do not know . ahmad it must still be in you inbox . marie I guess so . do you want I to show it to you ? ahmad I ask you to book a hotel for I . marie I do last time and you do not come . I have to cancel . ahmad how much do it cost you ? Marie be hurt . she move towards the door . ahmad what time do I have to be in court tomorrow ? marie you say you have stay to talk to lucie .. ahmad when will she be home ? Marie shrug . ahmad I can meet up with she tomorrow . Marie open the door . marie I be hope you would keep you promise for once . Marie leave the bedroom . Ahmad be upset and remain seat on the edge of the bed . Marie hear he answer as she go down the stairway . ahmad I do not promise anything . marie my mistake . sorry . 14 . int . marie 's house - hallway - day Marie come down the stair . a can of paint have spilt on to the floor . the footstool , which lea have bring from the shed , be next to the spilt paint . Marie be furious , she see paint cover footprint lead towards the garden where the child be play . Marie storm into the yard . 15 . ext . marie 's house - yard - day Marie come to the yard . she see fouad 's shoe , which be cover in paint . he be put dishwash liquid on the dry bicycle chain . she lunge towards he . marie ( angry ) fouad ! can not you watch where you walk ? fouad be look at the bicycle chain and do not look up . marie why do I spend hour clean ? for you to make a mess ? look at I ! lea ( point to the dishwash liquid ) we go for this . marie ( to fouad ) I do not give a damn ! fouad lift he head and look Marie in the eye . they be both stare at each other . suddenly fouad move towards the front gate to leave in a huff . exasperate , Marie try to stop he . fouad stubbornly throw himself on the ground and Marie struggle to get he back inside . marie get back here ! come here ! fouad I wanna go home ! lea go towards fouad to help she mom and convince fouad to come back inside . 16 . int . marie 's house - upstair room - ext . yard - day Ahmad be stand near the window , watch the scene below . in the yard , Marie be still struggle with fouad . she finally wrestle he into she arm and drag he inside . 17 . int . marie 's house - hallway and the child 's room - day Marie be struggle to contain fouad who be flail he arm and leg in resistance . she manage to bring he inside and set he down on the bed . lea be scared , she follow they . marie I be sorry ! fouad I do not care ! marie ( plead ) please , fouad , calm down . fouad you be not my mom . fouad refuse to calm down . with no other choice , Marie leave fouad in the room , she lock the door behind she . upset , lea stand in the corner of the hallway . fouad beat against the door with he fist . 18 . int . marie 's house - hallway , bathroom and toilet - day Marie have roll up she sleeve . despite the fact that she be run late she decide to quickly clean the paint spill before leave . Ahmad come down the stair . ahmad you should go , you be late .. i711 clean this . marie I will do it . ahmad not with you wrist , go . marie I think you be leave . ahmad I will wait for lucie . we ’1ll see after . Marie get up and roll down she sleeve . she go to the bathroom and wash she hand and face . the occasional sound of fouad beat he fist against the door can still be hear . marie ( worried ) you will keep a eye on they ? ahmad go , do not worry . Ahmad go towards the child 's room . he unlock the door and enter . lea be still stand in a corner of the hallway , look sad . 19 . int . marie 's house - child 's room - day as Ahmad enter , fouad try to escape . Ahmad grab he and drag he back in . worried , lea have come to the doorway . ahmad where be you go ? wait ! fouad let I go . ahmad I will let you go . but first tell I where you want to go . fouad I be leave ! ahmad where to ? fouad my house . ahmad where 's you house ? lea Paris . he can not go , it 's too far . fouad shut up ! no one ask you . ahmad none of that in this house ! get it ? again fouad try to flee . ahmad lea , leave and close the door . we need to talk . lea close the door and leave . Ahmad force fouad to sit on the bed and gently sit down next to he . ahmad what 's wrong fouad ? what be it ? fouad I want to go . ahmad you want to call home ? fouad there 's no one in my home . ahmad what 's the matter with here ? be it because she tell you off ? but you be misbehave . you spilt the paint , you cause trouble . do not you spill the paint ? fouad it 's not the paint . ahmad what be it , then ? be it because I be here ? do you want I to leave ? fouad do not respond . he have calm down a bit . 20 . int . drycleaner 's - day Long row of clothing cover in plastic hang from rod run parallel along the ceiling . large launder machine be on and run . naima , the young employee be cover freshly irone clothing with plastic bag . on the glass door of the drycleaner 's , a piece of paper be tape which read : '' experience drycleaner 's help want . inquire within . '' Marie quickly come inside . marie hello . naima hello , ma’am . Marie see samir 's foot among the row of clothing . while hold some dry-clean clothes on he arm , samir come to the front counter . he be the man whose picture Ahmad have see in the car . he act coldly towards Marie . Marie take the car document out of she purse and put they on the counter . samir put the clothing on the counter and on a piece of paper , write down the list of item and the cost for they clean . marie the plane be late . samir he 's here ? marie yes . Marie place the car document in front of samir . marie here . samir where do you park it ? marie right there . ( point to the document ) you should not leave this in the car . it 's risky . samir take the receipt for the clothing along with the clothes and the car document from the counter to leave the drycleaner 's . 21 . ext . STREET - sidewalk - day while hold the clothing on he arm , samir be walk with Marie on the sidewalk towards he car . marie do you go to the hospital ? samir marie how be she ? samir same as usual . fouad 's not with you ? marie be he suppose to come ? samir he call I to go pick he up . marie ( surprised ) why ? samir he ask I to pick he up . he do not want to stay there . marie I get upset with he . with both of they . samir I 'il come and take he home with I tonight . marie no reason to make a fuss . samir he have never call I to go fetch he like that . marie I would never yell like that . samir anyway , I promise I have go fetch he . marie ok . I should not have . we will make it up tonight . they have now reach the car . Marie unlock the car and open the back door . samir hang the clothing on the rod above the backseat . he close the door and take the key from Marie to get in behind the wheeland start the car . Marie notice he be upset . before the car drive off , she tap on the glass . samir roll down the window . marie if you want to come over , let I know first . Marie take off down the sidewalk . samir be deep in think . he put the car in gear . while drive , he watch Marie . samir 's car slowly pass she . 22 . int . pharmacy - day Marie enter a pharmacy , go behind the counter and greet she coworker , a middle - age woman . she then go to the back room , put on she white uniform and stand behind the counter . 23 . int . marie 's house - kitchen - ext . - yard - night in the backyard , Ahmad be roasting corn . lea be help he and take a bite of one of the freshly grill cob . Ahmad fan the other corncob on the grill . ahmad ( in Persian ) corn , hot corn ! lea mimic the sound of he word . they laugh . Ahmad hand she another corncob . ahmad here , take this for he . lea take the corncob into the kitchen . in the kitchen , fouad be sit at the table , cut the corn stalk with a knife . lea hold the grill corn out to he . he ignore she . lea take it . fouad I do not want it . lea notice fouad 's finger be bleed . lea you cut you hand . fouad no I do not . lea yes , you do . you be bleed ! lea walk towards the door to the backyard . lea Ahmad ! he cut he finger ! 24 . int . marie 's house - bathroom and hallway - night in the bathroom , Ahmad pick fouad up , hold he finger under the tap and wash it . lea now come into the bathroom with the first - aid kit . lea open the kit . Ahmad pour some disinfectant over fouad 's finger . fouad , who be clearly in pain , try to be brave . they hear the front door open . intrigue , Ahmad lean toward the bathroom door to see who have enter the house . for a brief moment he see lucie , Marie 's sixteen - year - old daughter , as she quickly climb the stair to the bedroom . he be relieved . 25 . int . marie 's house - hallway and the stair - night Ahmad go upstairs . he knock on the door and hide wait to surprise lucie . he knock again . lucie open the door and come out . Ahmad cover she eye from behind . lucie be startle . lucie Ahmad ! Ahmad remove he hand and they hug each other . from downstairs , fouad be stand in front of the bathroom and watch they . ahmad how do you know it be I ? lucie I know you be come today . Ahmad be surprised at lucie 's response . 26 . int . marie 's house - kitchen - night Ahmad , lucie , lea and fouad be sit around the kitchen table and have dinner . a complete iranian feast , which Ahmad have prepare . fouad have clean he plate and turn to Ahmad . fouad can I have some more ? Ahmad take fouad 's plate and serve he second . ahmad do you like it ? fouad very much ! Ahmad also serve a second help for lea . he want to reserve lucie 's plate but she do not let he . lucie no , it 's enough . ahmad come one , have some . you will not get real ghormesabzi again soon . unless you two marry two nice iranian guy ... and you , fouad , a iranian girl ! lea laugh . so do fouad . lucie how long will you stay ? ahmad where ? lucie here . ahmad it depend on how long we talk will last after dinner . fouad ( abruptly ) what be iranian girl like ? ahmad iranian girl .. they look like I .. but they be girl ! ( jokingly ) how do that sound ?... like this ... Ahmad jokingly take on the mannerism of a woman . fouad and lea laugh . lucie what be we to talk about ? ahmad have you dinner and I will tell you . 27 . ext . marie 's house - backyard - night lucie be seat on the step of the house lead down to the backyard . Ahmad pour some water on the ash of the barbecue and place it in a corner . he pick up the cornhusk strewn on the ground and throw they away . while do all this , he be speak to lucie . ahmad you always come home so late ? lucie just to sleep . ahmad why ? lucie I have nowhere else to spend the night . ahmad why do not you want to sleep here ? lucie same as you . you have rather go to you friend 's tomorrow . ahmad this be not my home . lucie but you friend 's place be ? Ahmad approach lucie and sit down next to she . ahmad I be not comfortable here . lucie neither be I . ahmad it 's not the same . for I , it 's hard to face the guy who 's about to marry my ex .. it 's only normal . lucie now , she ’sjust you ex ? ahmad well , yes . lucie whatever . ahmad what ? lucie you live here with she for year and now she 's just you ex ?! ahmad everything 's change since then . we get separate ... you be old enough to understand that . lucie get up to leave . lucie I be old enough not to be preach at . ahmad I be not here to preach . you mom ask I to talk to you and see what 's get into you . I do not know why she think you would tell I more than you tell she . lucie she know perfectly what 's get into I . I do not want to see that jerk whenever I come home . a long silence between they ensue . lucie go into the kitchen . ahmad lucie , wait ! 28 . int . marie 's house - kitchen - night lucie want to leave the kitchen . Ahmad come into the kitchen from the backdoor . he want she to stay . ahmad come and sit here . lucie sit unwillingly . ahmad be not he a good guy ? lucie I do not know he . ahmad why do you call he a jerk , then ? what have he do ? lucie he have not do anything . he have nothing to do here . ahmad anyway , you have to accept the fact that it 's you mom 's right to live with whoever she want . lucie whoever she want ? even a guy with a kid and a wife in a coma ? ahmad ( curious ) fouad 's mom ? lucie nod . a moment of silence . ahmad and if she marry someone else , would you mind ? lucie it have be the same . ahmad so you problem be not he . lucie ahmad then , what be it ? lucie fall silent for a moment . Fighting back tear , she answer Ahmad . lucie I be sixteen year old and since I be bear , my mom 's change guy three time . and it 's always the same story . they come , stay for a few year , and then they leave . Ahmad understand what lucie mean and have nothing to say in response . he too be upset . he get up with the excuse of clear the dish . he have he back to lucie . perhaps to stop lucie from see he reaction . and again there be silence . lucie would you talk to she ? ahmad about what ? lucie talk she out of this marriage . Ahmad laugh at what lucie have say ; a bitter laugh . the sound of the front door open be hear . 29 . int . marie 's house - ground floor - night Marie enter the house . from between the door to the child 's room she see fouad and lea who be not yet sleep and talk to each other . she be press to know if lucie have come home . she throw she purse and coat on she bed and enter the kitchen . 30 . int . marie 's house - kitchen - night Marie be elate to see lucie . lucie immediately get up to leave the kitchen . marie good evening . ahmad good evening . lucie mumble to she mother . lucie good night . ahmad ( in Persian ) good night . lucie ( imitate Ahmad and in Persian ) good night . marie lucie , can you sleep downstairs tonight ? fouad will go up with Ahmad . ahmad I keep you some food . have not you have dinner ? marie no . lucie leave . Marie see the food that Ahmad have keep for she . she be not expect Persian food . marie oh la la ! thank you .. where do you get the herb ? ahmad we go shopping with the kid . Marie sit at the table and start to eat . Ahmad get busy place the dish in the dishwasher . ahmad do you want I to heat it up if it 's cold ? marie no .. you be still a great cook ! ahmad the one thing I be stil great at . what time must we be there tomorrow ? marie ahmad ( give she a spoon ) you do not eat ghormesabzi with a fork . marie do you talk to she ? ahmad yes . marie and ? ahmad you can guess . she do not like you remarry . ahmad she 's worried that you 'il live with he for a while and that he 'il take off . marie tell she to be sure that this one will not leave . ahmad I do not think I be the right person to convince she to be happy you be get marry . marie ( a bit angry ) I '' not ask she to be happy . I just want to know what she 's after . ahmad stop this marriage . Marie laugh nervously . ahmad it make I laugh too . Marie now stop laugh while chew the food she have in she mouth . Ahmad want to leave . ahmad try to convinve she before you make you decision . marie my decision 's make . Ahmad leave the kitchen . while eat she food , Marie be deep in think . 31 . int . marie 's house - upstair bedroom - night the light be out . Street light shine in through the window . Ahmad be lie down on the lower bunk and fouad be on the top . both be have trouble fall asleep . fouad be look at Ahmad from in between the space in the slat of he bed ; Ahmad 's hand , Ahmad 's mouth . he be try to find out if Ahmad be asleep , but he can not see he eye . fouad shift restlessly . the bed squeak . Ahmad hear he move . ahmad fouad ? fouad yes ? ahmad if you be not comfy , we can switch bed . fouad I be ok . ahmad then , why be not you asleep ? fouad do not answer . ahmad Close you eye and go to sleep . fouad I have to pee . ahmad go , then . go ... fouad do not move , Ahmad realize that he be afraid of go down by himself . he get up to accompany he . 32 . int . marie 's house - ground floor - night Ahmad and fouad walk downstairs towards the restroom . Ahmad turn on the light . fouad go inside and close the door . Ahmad wait in the dark hallway for he to come out . Marie 's bedroom be next to the restroom . Ahmad notice the light pour out from under Marie 's bedroom door . he hear a noise from inside the room . he strain to hear the muffle sound of a conversation between two people . he be ill - at - ease . he do not want to stay there . he walk back upstairs . 33 . int . marie 's house - upstair room - night Ahmad be distraught and can not sleep . he be concerned that fouad have not return . 34 . int . marie 's house - bedroom - night samir be lie on the bed . Marie cradel he head and put eye drop into he eye . as she be do this , they be quietly speak to each other . marie ( quietly ) do you talk to she doctor too ? samir no , just the nurse . marie what do she say ? samir about what ? marie the scratch on she stomach . samir they happen after my last two visit . marie maybe it have nothing to do with you visit . maybe it be involuntary . samir you have like it to be involuntary ? Marie be shocked by what samir have say . she close the eye-drop bottle and sit on the edge of the bed . samir close he eye to diminish the sting . from Marie 's silence , he realize that he have upset she . samir I be sorry . marie do you hear yourself ? you can not say whatever you want and then just apologize . Marie want to continue the discussion but be interrupt by the sound of someone knock on the door . Marie get up and open the door . fouad be behind the door . it be clear that he be scared of the dark . marie what be you do here ? fouad it 's dark . I can not go up . samir why do you want to go up ? marie I ask he to go upstairs with Ahmad . the girl be together . samir maybe he be not comfortable sleep with a stranger . samir get up from the bed and come towards fouad . samir get you thing . we be leave . fouad I be spleepy . I want to go to bed . samir you ask I to come get you ! fouad I want to stay . marie you can sleep in my bed . fouad lie down on Marie 's bed . Marie tuck he in . 35 . int . marie 's house - kitchen and hallway - morning the next morning , lucie , lea and fouad be sit around the kitchen table finish off they breakfast . the sink be full of water and clearly clogge . Ahmad be sit on the floor and be busy open the drainpipe under the sink . Marie who have take a shower , enter the kitchen . marie Ahmad leave it .. we be run late . ahmad the sink be clogge . marie it can wait . we have to be there by 9 . hurry up , kid . Marie leave the kitchen . Ahmad open the drainpipe . all the water from the sink pour into the bucket which Ahmad have place underneath the sink . Ahmad clear the clogge pipe and dirty he hand in the process . samir , who have just wake up , enter the kitchen . samir hi. lea and fouad answer he . lucie ignore he presence . samir ( to Ahmad ) ' Morning ... samir . Ahmad whose hand be dirty , get up to greet he respectfully but do not offer he hand to shake . ahmad my hand be dirty , sorry . samir it 's block again ? ahmad it 's unblocked . i’1l just screw it back on . samir join the child seat at the kitchen table . as soon as he sit , lucie grab she last bite and without say anything leave the kitchen and walk in the hallway . she come face - to- face with Marie who be get dress . marie get ready , lucie , we will drop you off . lucie no need , I will go by myself . lucie go to she room . Marie come to the kitchen . Ahmad be still busy reattach the drainpipe . samir be eat he breakfast . without sit down at the table , Marie grab a bite to eat . marie Ahmad , we be late . ahmad it 's finish . Ahmad turn on the water to verify the pipe he have reattach do not leak . Marie notice samir who be pretend to be busy with he breakfast . marie ( to the kid ) get move , kid . lea and fouad finish they breakfast and leave the kitchen to prepare for school . ahmad it 's leak . marie there 's always be a leak . samir I tell you the joint have to be change . i’1l take care of it . marie ( to Ahmad ) do you eat anything ? samir ( think Marie be talk to he ) not yet . Ahmad turn off the tap . he take the bucket from under the sink and leave the kitchen . Marie and samir be sit at the table in the kitchen concentrate on they breakfast . they be both quiet . 36 . int . marie 's house - toilet and bathroom - morning Ahmad be irone he shirt when lucie gently open the door and come in to wash she hand . lucie can I see you after ? ahmad do not you have class ? lucie I can skip . Marie crack the bathroom door open . marie Ahmad ! ahmad come ... ( to lucie ) what time do you get out of school ? lucie one . 37 . int . marie 's house - the room facing the yard - ext . front yard - morning samir be wear some work clothes and be stand on a step ladder painting a wall . as he paint , he look out the window and see Marie give the car key to Ahmad . samir have a strange feel , as if see they together bother he . lucie come into the room to get something . she have she backpack on she shoulder and be ready to go to school . she be not expect to see samir . samir climb down the ladder to help she and pull the plastic cover away from she thing . without pay any attention to he , lucie search the computer desk for something and do not find it . this be a good excuse for samir to start a conversation with she . samir look for something ? lucie no . lucie go out . samir be leave alone . 38 . int . samir 's car - ext . STREET outside lea 's school - day lea and fouad be seat next to each other on the backseat . Ahmad be behind the wheel and Marie be sit in the passenger 's seat . marie go right . ahmad be not that the school lucie go to ? marie yes . the car turn then stop in front of a school 's main entrance . lea get out and fouad follow she . lea ( while get out ) bye , mommy . marie bye , sweetheart . fouad ( mimick lea ) bye , mommy . marie bye ! wait , let I see .. Marie clean the corner of fouad 's eye with she finger . lea and fouad go towards the school . the car drive off . ahmad where do you two meet ? marie at the pharmacy , he have come in for he wife 's medication . ahmad what be wrong with he wife ? marie she be depressed . Ahmad smirk . Marie notice he reaction . marie what ? ahmad what ? marie ( mimic Ahmad 's smirk ) what 's that suppose to mean ? ahmad we call it a smile . marie we call it mock . what 's funny about it ? ahmad miss we fight , darling ? marie be she depression funny to you ? Ahmad put on the turn indicator and slowly pull over . ahmad ( jokingly ) look , if you start bugging I , I x11 get out right now and go back to Tehran . I will not come to court and I will not divorce you and then let 's see what you do . marie it 's just you hair that 's go grey . nothing else have change . ahmad what should I do ? should I get out ? marie stop joke , we be late . Ahmad laugh and start drive . 39 . int . courthouse - hallway - day Marie and Ahmad be sit on a bench in a courthouse in the suburb of Paris .. marie seriously , what do you think of he ? ahmad first tell I how serious all this be , then I x11 tell you what I think . marie serious enough for I to be pregnant . Ahmad , who be clearly shocked at hearing this news , try to hide he sadness and they both fall silent . the lawyer come out of a room and call Marie , who get up . ahmad be that a joke ? marie no . Marie enter the office accompany by the lawyer . Ahmad lag behind Marie , he be deep in think . 40 . int . courthouse - room - day Marie and Ahmad be sit in front of the judge 's desk and they lawyer be seat between they . the judge read they divorce agreement and ask for they consent , with that the administrative stage of they divorce be complete . during this procedure , Marie 's phone ring . she quietly speak a few sentence without be hear . the judge look at Marie with a expression that mean she cannot speak on the phone . with no other choice , Marie hang up the phone . 41 . ext . marie 's house - yard - day samir , who be still in he work clothes , be in the yard and be speak on the phone . his hand be cover in paint . samir ( on the phone ) hello , Marie .. he hang up , redial , then leave a message . the airline company representative , who have deliver Ahmad 's suitcase , be hold some document and wait at the door . Ahmad 's damage suitcase be on the ground , its lock have be break . samir ( on the phone ) Marie ... they have bring the suitcase . it 's break . I do not know if something 's miss , if I should accept it or not ... call I back . samir hang up and go towards the front door . airline representative okay ? samir what if something 's miss ? airline representative do not he have insurance ? samir I do not know . airline representative what do we do , then ? will you take it or should I bring it back to the airport and he can come and follow up on it ? samir go towards the suitcase to pick it up . airline representative can you sign here ? the airline representative notice samir 's eye , which be wet and red . samir sign . airline representative be you okay ? samir ( surprised ) why ? airline representative you eye ... samir oh ! I be allergic to the paint . airline representative ( while leave ) Change job ! the airline representative go towards he car to get in . his word have put samir deep in think . 42 . ext . STREET outside lucie 's school - day Ahmad be stand on the sidewalk among the student filing out of school , wait for lucie to come out . lucie exit the the school . she too be look for Ahmad . Ahmad walk towards she . 43 . int . shahryar 's restaurant - day a typical neighborhood restaurant with a open kitchen locate in the back where the chef be busy cooking . the ambience of the restaurant be italian . shahryar , the middle - age and friendly owner , be take a customer 's order . the restaurant be bustling , most of the table be full of diner . Ahmad and lucie enter the restaurant . they walk towards shahryar who have not yet notice they . ahmad ( in Persian ) Excuse I , where 's the bus stop to tajrish ? shahryar look up . he be shocked to see Ahmad . shahryar ( in Persian ) what the hell be you do here ?! shahryar get up from behind the till and come towards Ahmad . they both hug each other warmly and start joke and laugh . ahmad ( in Persian and point to lucie ) do you recognize she ? shahryar ( in Persian ) she 's grow up . ( to lucie ) do you remember when you be little , he have put you on he bike and bring you here ? ahmad ( in Persian ) that be lea.. this be lucie ! you have always mix they . shahryar ( in Persian ) how tall she 's become . ( to lucie ) how be you ? lucie I be good . shahryar ( in Persian ) you have not have lunch ? ahmad ( in Persian ) why else would we bother to come here ?! shahryar ( in Persian ) sit , I will be right with you . Ahmad and lucie move towards a table to sit down , shahryar walk towards the kitchen . valeria , shahryar 's italian wife , be busy in the kitchen ... shahryar ( in italian ) valeria , you friend 's here . valeria see Ahmad . Ahmad walk towards she . she be happy to see Ahmad . valeria ( in Persian ) Ahmad ... hello . how be you ? ahmad ( in Persian ) hello , dear valeria . shahryar you remember lucie ? lucie hello . valeria hello .. what a beautiful lady you have become !... valeria warmly embrace lucie . ahmad you two be still together ? shahryar ( in Persian ) there be this tiny thing in common between we to keep we from separate . ahmad ( in Persian ) what ? shahryar ( in Persian ) the color of we flag . ahmad ( to valeria ) what be he say ? valeria he talk too much .. let he . how 's you mom ? lucie she 's good . valeria go to the kitchen . Ahmad and lucie sit at the table . Ahmad pick up the menu to look it over . lucie do you go to court ? ahmad lucie so , it 's over now ? ahmad it be already over . you still like ravioli ? Ahmad set the menu down . he notice lucie 's sad eye , stare off into the distance . ahmad what be it ? lucie do not respond . ahmad you know , this guy ... I do not think he 's that bad ... lucie again do not respond . ahmad he must be go through a difficult time . put yourself in he shoe . between he wife and he concern for he son ... lucie how do she want to marry a marry man ? ahmad but you say he wife 's in a coma . lucie but she 's not dead ; she might not die ... ahmad that 's he problem . that 's no one else 's business ... lucie do you know why he wife 's in a coma ? ahmad no , how would I know ? lucie my mom do not tell you ? ahmad no . lucie she commit suicide . Ahmad be shocked by what lucie be tell he . he remain silent sadden by what he have learn . ahmad because of she depression ? lucie , who have until now fight back she tear , suddenly lose control and start to cry . she try to prevent the other diner from hearing she but many of they turn to see why she be cry . Ahmad try to get she to calm down . ahmad ( quietly ) lucie . look at I ... worried , shahryar come to they table . shahryar what 's the matter ? ahmad lucie .. get up , we will get some fresh air . Ahmad take lucie 's hand and get she up from the table . shahryar take she to the back . Ahmad lead lucie to the small back room of the restaurant where she can compose herself . concerned by lucie 's outburst , valeria look questioningly at shahryar . shahryar shrug . 44 , int . shahryar 's restaurant - back room - day a small room with a bed and shahryar 's personal thing . in a corner be box of soft drink , mineral water and food supplies . Ahmad sit lucie down on the bed and unty she scarf and put it aside . lucie do you know why she do not tell anyone that this guy 's wife have commit suicide ? ahmad calm down .. calm down for now , we 'il talk later . lucie because she do not want anyone to find out . ahmad what ? lucie that it 's because of they affair that she try to kill herself . although he 's shocked , but Ahmad pretend to not take lucie seriously . ahmad you should not speak of this thing with such certainty .. especially at you age . lucie then , do not say I have grow up if you do not think so . lucie get up to leave . Ahmad hold she and stop she . ahmad sorry . lucie sit down . more silence . lucie I do not want they to be together . ahmad you think it 's up to you and I ? I be nobody in this story . lucie if they get marry then 1 /11 never .. I will never set foot in that house again . ahmad you mother be pregnant . lucie look at he in disbelief . lucie you be lie . lucie , emotionally drain , stand up and leave the room . Ahmad follow she . 45 . ext . STREET outside shahryar 's restaurant - day - continued lucie exit the restaurant and start walk down the sidewalk . Ahmad walk next to she . ahmad wait ... lucie you know why she go with that asshole ?... Cause he look like you ! he remind she of you ! Ahmad have no answer to give lucie . lucie leave . Ahmad stand there for a moment . 46 . int . lighting store - day a old shop in Paris . a large number of old and new chandelier and other lamp be hang from the ceiling of the shop . all around the store be table lamp in various size and shape . samir and Marie be look at the chandelier hang from the ceiling to pick something out . 47 . int . samir 's car - ext . STREET - day several chandelier and lamp be place on the backseat . samir be sit behind the wheel and Marie in the front seat . they drive through the busy street of Paris . samir be deep in think . Marie sense it and quietly wait for he to speak . without look at he , Marie gently reach over to hold he hand and close she eye . a moment later , samir have to remove he hand in order to shift gear . Marie open she eye . they drive on in silence . 48 . ext . STREET - int . RER station - night Ahmad come up the stair in a metro station . it be raining . he take the gift he have buy out of its plastic bag and pull the bag over he head to prevent he head from get wet . he cross the busy street , reach the sidewalk and hug the wall as he walk to stay as dry as possible . 49 , int . marie 's house - hallway - night Marie walk towards the front door . she open the door . Ahmad , who be soak from the rain , come inside . ahmad good evening . marie you be soak ! ahmad it start pour ... marie want a coffee ? ahmad no , I have just come to get my suitcase . I can not miss the last train . marie it 's right here . at least , wait till the rain stop . ahmad it 's not stop soon . Ahmad 's word have worried Marie even more . ahmad be lucie back ? marie no . worried , Ahmad lean against the hallway wall . marie watch the paint . Ahmad look at he coat which be not stain with paint . he notice he suitcase in the hallway . he walk towards it and see the lock be break . marie it be break when they deliver it . ahmad do you call she friend ? marie I have call they so often look for she that I be embarrassed to do it again . Ahmad find he towel among the thing in he suitcase and dry he face . he try to close the suitcase but it will not close properly . marie do you talk to she today ? ahmad yes . can I have a piece of string or something ? marie you have a couple of suitcase leave in the shed . you can take one of they . ahmad be the kid sleep ? marie Marie go inside . 50 . int . marie 's yard - shed - night Ahmad be in the shed look for he suitcase , which he have leave there from a few year ago . from among the clutter pile up in a heap , he pull out two dusty suitcase . he unzip the larger suitcase . some clothing , a few black and white picture of Ahmad from when he live in Paris and other personal item be in the suitcase . see he old belonging change he mood . 51 . int . marie 's house - kitchen - night Marie be stand by the window face the backyard . the intensity of the rain can be see . samir be stand on the kitchen table and be install a chandelier . Ahmad come in the back kitchen door with he empty suitcase and head towards the hallway . Marie and samir briefly look at the suitcase he 's hold . Ahmad leave the kitchen in the dominate silence . samir turn it on , please . Marie walk towards the switch and turn on the light . the chandelier be light up . samir come down from the table . he notice how restless Marie be . Ahmad enter the kitchen with the plastic bag hold the gift he have bring from Tehran and the gift he have buy for fouad . he place the gift on the kitchen table and sit down . ahmad will you tell the kid to come here before they go to sleep , so that I can give they they gift ? Marie be about to leave the kitchen . marie should fouad come too ? ahmad of course . samir but , he be not suppose to get one . ahmad I get he something today . samir can I ask you not give it to he ? ahmad ( bewilder ) why ? Marie be also astonished and be look at samir . samir he 's do something wrong . he need to be punish ... marie they should both be punish , then . samir I can only speak for my son . samir 's word have upset Marie . ahmad what have they do ? samir they take the gift out of you suitcase . ahmad ( laugh ) but the gift be still in there . samir I put it back . but we can not let they off the hook . ahmad the suitcase be open , they get tempt ... marie ( impatiently want to leave ) I will ask they to apologize . samir this way they 'il learn that there will always be a way to get away with any situation by apologize . ahmad but I have already tell they I have bring gift .. I can not pretend now I do not . marie ( to samir , frustrated ) can you please let go ? I have already scold they enough . samir ( a bit upset ) I be just ask if it be possible . Ahmad be in a dilemma . he do not know how to respond , but Marie go to get the kid . Ahmad and samir be stand opposite each other in the kitchen . there be silence and the tension between they be palpable . they avoid make eye contact with one another . samir can not stand this situation any longer and get up from the table with the excuse of close the window that Marie have leave open when she be smoking she cigarette . he see the light in the shed , which Ahmad have leave on . he pass through the backyard in the rain and turn off the light in the shed and come back to the kitchen . Marie enter the kitchen with lea and fouad . lea good evening . fouad good evening . ahmad ( friendly ) good evening , kid . Ahmad take the plastic bag to take out the gift . marie no , first you both have to apologize . lea I apologize . everyone be wait for fouad to apologize but he be quiet . samir and you ? fouad I do not take it from the suitcase . samir but you be with she when she do it . fouad but I do not take it . samir it do not matter who take it . you be together , you could have stop she . fouad be silent and do not respond . angry , samir stand up , walk towards he and stare into he eye . Ahmad be uncomfortable . samir '' I apologize '' . fouad ( reluctantly ) I apologize . samir ( commandingly ) '' I apologize '' ! fouad ( with no other choice ) I apologize . samir go back to he seat and sit down . Ahmad give lea and fouad the two box . for lea a remote control helicopter and for fouad a giftwrap box . the child thank he but they be not very pleased with the scolding they have receive . 52 . int . marie 's house - child 's room - night lea and fouad be in they bed . lea you pretend like it be I . fouad I just say I do not take it . lea that mean it be I ! fouad it be you . lea but you tell I he suitcase be open . otherwise , I would not have go . fouad you do not have to listen . you do not have to go . lea I know why you be mad . you do not get a helicopter . you get color pencil . fouad shut up ! lea you be crazy . fouad shut up ! lea you be insane . fouad shut up ! lea be upset at he . she get up , take she blanket and leave the room to sleep in another room . 53 . int . marie 's house - kitchen - night Marie hold the dress which Ahmad bring for she up to she body and show it to Ahmad and samir . both man be look at Marie . ahmad I get the size you use to wear . marie it still wear the same size . ahmad I have a gift for lucie too . I will give it to she later . marie she 's never be so late . samir get up from the table . samir I will go look for she . marie where ? samir I do not know .. nearby ... in the street , at the station .. where be the key ? marie you have they . ahmad can I come with you , if you do not mind ? samir ( with no other choice ) sure . if you want . samir leave the kitchen . ahmad she might not want to come back with he . marie why do she cry at the restaurant today ? ahmad who tell you ? marie I call shahryar and he say she suddenly burst ito tear . she 's never be this late . what have you tell she that have make she stay out until now ? ahmad ( calmly ) you have not tell she you be pregnant ? marie ( worried ) you do ? ahmad I think she have let it go if she know marie that 's why she 's not back . you be not suppose to tell she . ahmad I do not know . what kind of secret be that , anyway ? she have have find out someday ! marie not when she 's so upset . ahmad her problem be not you be pregnant . marie what be she problem ? Ahmad seem reluctant to answer . Marie stand in front of he , wait for a reply . marie ( a bit upset ) what 's she problem ?... huh ? ahmad ( with no other choice ) she seem to know everything . marie everything about what ? samir come to the kitchen door . samir I can not find the key . marie ( angry ) well , look for they ! samir be surprised to see Marie so up . Ahmad be visibly uncomfortable . ahmad we 'il talk later . marie what do you mean by '' know everything '' ? I do not understand . ahmad she say that he wife commit suicide because of you affair . Marie get even angrier upon hearing this . Ahmad , who feel that he have say what he need to say , try again to leave . marie she commit suicide because ... ahmad I x11 call you tomorrow and we can speak then . samir enter the kitchen to take he coat . marie ( angrier ) the key be not here . samir I get they . marie so why you be here ? samir what do you mean ? do somebody mind my be here ? marie no , but ... samir forget it . samir leave the house and Ahmad try to go outside with he . ahmad ( to samir ) wait , I be come . marie Ahmad .. he wife have be depressed for some time . marie every time I have take my clothes there , I have see she .. you could tell that she be unwell . ahmad why be she unwell ? marie what do you mean why ? ahmad nothing , forget it . marie look , either do not say something or if you do , say it clearly . ahmad you say every time you see she , she feel unwell ... marie I do not say she feel unwell , I say she be unwell ! ahmad forget it . this be just get worse . marie ( quietly ) you would really like to hear that it be my fault if that woman commit suicide ? ahmad ( quietly ) I do not want to hear anything . you ask I to go and talk to you daughter . I be just tell what she think . that 's all . marie she 's wrong . she must come and have a conversation with I and I will tell she . ahmad do you want to tell she what you tell I ? do you think she 's go to buy that ? marie do not you believe I ? ahmad do that matter ? she 's the one who ... marie what 's so unbelievable about it ? ahmad I also find it hard to believe that the mother of a five - year - old would commit suicide because of depression . marie look who 's talk ! have you forget the state you be in ? this woman commit suicide another time when she baby be nine- month -old ! be it also my fault ? I be with you , back then ! Ahmad fall silent upon hearing this . marie her depression start right after the birth . do you want to know what med samir would come and get for she ? 54 . int . and ext . samir 's car - night Ahmad and samir be in the car , drive up and down the street of they neighborhood search for lucie . samir how long be you stay in town ? ahmad I have not book my return yet . samir could not you have send a lawyer to take care of the divorce instead of come all this way ? ahmad sure , but I want to come . I want to see the kid , and Marie - Anne too ... to end on good term . samir but it do not seem to be the end . there 's still something go on . ahmad no .. what make you think that ? samir when two people meet four year later and start fight again , it mean thing be still unresolved . ahmad we be argue about lucie . they be both quiet now , search the street in silence . samir lucie 's problem be I . ahmad no .. it 's a misunderstanding . samir about what ? Ahmad do not wish to answer . samir anything personal that I should not know ? ahmad no ... samir I that case , I want you to tell I ... you may know Marie be carry my child . it 's not good for she to be stress out all the time , smoking so many cigarettes ... ahmad I be worried about she too . she do not use to smoke . samir I will not let this girl destroy she mother . if she have a problem , sh ahmad she have no problem . I tell you , it 's a misunderstanding . samir what be this fuck misunderstanding that have be screwing we life for month ? ahmad Marie - Anne can tell you . samir leave she out of this . ahmad she be make assumption about you wife . samir she think she commit suicide because of we relationship ? ahmad so you know ... samir I overhear you conversation . ahmad do you ? samir she do that because of a stupid story with a customer . ahmad I hear she be depressed . samir otherwise , she would not have try to kill herself for nothing . what can I do if lucie do not believe I ? I can send she my employee . she see the whole thing . 55 . int . marie 's house - ground floor - night samir and Ahmad enter the house through the front door . Marie hear the door open . curious and restless , she come out of the bedroom . from samir and Ahmad 's expression , she realize that they search have be fruitless . samir place the umbrella in a corner and walk in . samir we should call the police . they may find she . concerned , Ahmad stand in the doorway . Marie approach he . ahmad have she already stay out all night ? marie no , it 's the first time . samir maybe she go to she father 's . marie to Brussels ? ahmad he 's not in Paris anymore ? marie no , he 's back in Brussels . samir you think she can be there ? marie ( doubtful ) she 's on bad term with he too . samir do you want I to call ? marie ( to ahamd ) it 's better if you do it . samir brushes past Marie and go to the bedroom . Ahmad be uncomfortable with the request Marie have make . ahmad I doubt she have have go to Brussels . Marie notice that Ahmad would perfer not to call lucie 's father . marie ( upset ) Fine , Ill do it . ahmad ok , give I he number . Marie go to get the number . marie shahryar call twice . he want you to call he back . ahmad where 's the phone ? marie in the kitchen . Ahmad go to the kitchen . 56 . int . marie 's house - bedroom - night lea be lie down under the blanket on she mother 's bed . samir be feel down and be seat on the edge of the bed . Marie come in , worried . she be look for she address book . everyone be quiet . Marie see that samir be deep in think , he run he finger through he hair . samir where do she get this idea ? marie what idea ? samir about celine 's suicide . marie I do not know ... Marie find she address book and start to leave the bedroom . before exite , she realize that she reaction have upset samir . she walk towards samir and sit next to he affectionately . lea , who have not yet fall asleep , turn around and see they back face she . samir take the eye-drop and drop some medication into he eye . 57 . int . marie 's house - kitchen and hallway - night Ahmad be hold the phone and speak to shahryar . ahmad ( in Persian ) okay , thanks .... okay , I will ... bye . Marie be stand there hold the phonebook and be wait for Ahmad to get off the phone to give he the number . marie here . ahmad what be it ? marie her father 's number . but try not to worry he . he 's fragile ... ahmad she 's at shahryar 's . Marie be shocked and quiet . ahmad she go to the restaurant and he take she in . Marie , who until now have try to control herself , suddenly become angry . marie but he call twice ! why do not he tell I ? he hear how worried I be ! why do not he tell I ? I have be worried sick all night ! ahmad I will explain . marie ( shouting ) explain what ? what do you want to explain ? samir , curious about the commotion , come into the kitchen . samir what 's the matter ? ahmad nothing . samir ( firmly ) I have already ask you to go through I ! ahmad ( even more firmly ) and I ask you not to raise you voice in front of I .. okay ? suddenly , everyone be quiet . samir try to control himself . marie why do not he tell I she be there ? samir who ? ahmad ( to Marie ) lucie make he promise . samir he promise to hide a sixteen - year - old girl in he house and not tell anyone ? ahmad what do you mean hide ?! samir ( nervous ) why have he take she to he house ? ahmad he feel sorry for she . samir do not he feel sorry for she mother ?! Ahmad hold he tongue not to start a fight . Marie suddenly get up to leave the kitchen . she take a few step and as if forget something , she come back . marie ( to samir ) the key . samir where be you go ? marie she have to come back home . ahmad Marie ... marie she have to come here , sit she ass down and listen ! ahmad now ? marie right now ! ahmad she think we do not know she 's there . marie I do not care ! I want she to come and see the mess she 's put I in ! I want she to know that I do not cause this woman 's suicide ! fouad , stand in the doorway , have hear everything . 58 . int . marie 's house - bedroom - night Marie rush to put on she raincoat . samir be stand next to the door and lea be on the bed . although she eye be close , it be clear that she be not sleep . samir if you go to get she now , she will not come home with you . marie ( angry ) then , I 'il call the police to bring she back . I swear I will . samir the police will bring she back one night . what about tomorrow night ? marie either she come back here or she go and life with she father in Brussels . Marie come towards the door to leave . samir block she path . samir she will not come back as long as I be here . they stare at each other in silence . 59 . int . shahryar 's house - night the house be mostly dark , only one light be on in the kitchen . shahryar 's house be not very large . it have be decorate like a iranian home . the television be on and shahryar be sit on a sofa opposite it . he be watch a football game . two commentator fiercely debate a referee call . they each present they own point of view . the penalty sequence be repeat several time in slow motion and graphic . the referee 's call can not be confirm . the doorbell ringing interrupt the sound of the show . shahryar get up and walk towards the door . he open the door for Ahmad . Ahmad walk in with he suitcase . both man speak quietly . ahmad ( in Persian ) hello . shahryar ( in Persian ) hello .. come in . ahmad ( in Persian ) be she up ? shahryar ( in Persian ) she have fall asleep .. come in . shahryar hardly here and already in trouble . ahmad when do she come to you ? shahryar it be late . I think she have come look for you . ahmad you should have call right then . her mother be so worried . shahryar how can I call you ? you do not have a phone ! I call the house look for you but you be not there . I be afraid if I tell she mother , that she would find out and leave in the middle of the night ... what 's wrong with she ? ahmad she 's imagine thing . 60 . int . shahriar 's house - bedroom - night without make any noise , Ahmad turn on the dim bedside lamp which be near lucie 's bed . he want to gently wake lucie up . he be still unsure but without a choice , put he hand on she shoulder and gently shake she . ahmad lucie ... lucie open she eye and be surprised to see Ahmad next to she bed . ahmad sorry to wake you .. you mom be wait for you . lucie who it seem have just realize where she be , be stare at Ahmad without say anything . ahmad she want to come and get you . I ask she to not come , I promise I would take you back . come on , get up . lucie sit up . ahmad where 's you jacket ? lucie have only now realize what be happen . lucie I will not go . I do not wanna go back tonight . lucie 's plea leave Ahmad less certain . he do not know what to do . ahmad then i’1l call she and you can tell she that you will go back tomorrow morning , okay ? lucie do not respond . Ahmad leave the room to get the phone . lucie be sit on the edge of the bed by herself . Ahmad come back with the phone and dial a number and wait . ahmad ( on the phone ) Marie - Anne ? hold on , please . he give the phone to lucie and signal to she to speak . lucie ( on the phone ) yes ?... I be stay here tonight . she listen for a long time to the other end . from lucie 's face , it be clear that she mother be speak relentlessly and perhaps threaten she . lucie still do not speak . Ahmad be worried and be look at she . Marie have say what she want to say and hang up . ahmad why do you hang up ? lucie she do . ahmad let 's go . lucie no . ahmad get out of bed . let 's go talk . 61 . int . shahryar 's house - kitchen - night Ahmad close the kitchen door behind he . lucie go to the sink and wash she face . Ahmad sit at the table and wait for she . lucie sit at the table opposite he . ahmad I want you to listen carefully . I do not know how much you remember of the last few month I be live with you mother . do you remember anything ? lucie uhum . ahmad do you remember the state I be in ? lucie ahmad I be always feel down . I be not work , I stop go out , I just do not want to exist anymore . so , when you mom say that woman commit suicide because she be depressed , I can understand what it mean . even with a young child ... lucie do you often think of kill yourself ? ahmad yes , sometimes ? lucie you never think of drink detergent in front of lea and I to die ? ahmad ( shocked ) what ? no! lucie you think that a woman who go to she husband 's shop and downs a bottle of detergent in front of she son and collapse only mean to die ? Ahmad be silent . lucie be try not to burst into tear as she do earlier that day before finish what she have to say . lucie why do not she take pill and die in she bed ? ahmad look , we can spend the night imagine thing . but it 's all speculation . we will see samir 's employee tomorrow . she have thing to tell you . lucie be struggle to maintain she composure . Ahmad be deep in think . there 's a brief silence between they . 62 . int . marie 's house - ground floor - morning fouad be dress , he take he toothbrush from among the other toothbrush and come out of the bathroom . 63 . int . marie 's house - kitchen - morning Marie and samir be in each other 's arm , lovingly . samir tell she I have leave and she can come back . it 's better if fouad and I do not stay here for a while . Marie pull herself away from samir 's embrace . samir leave the kitchen . Marie remain alone in the kitchen 64 . int . metro car - day samir and he son be sit next to each other towards the back of a metro car . the metro approach a station . samir take fouad 's bag and go towards the exit door . fouad be sit stubbornly in he seat . the door open and samir get off assume that fouad be behind he . suddenly he realize that fouad have not get off . scare , he quickly return to the car and run towards fouad . samir come on , let 's go ! fouad be be stubborn . samir take he hand . fouad resist but samir manage to take he out of the car by force and drag he over to the wall for a serious talk . samir what be that about ? why do not you get off ? look at I ! fouad I want to go back to Marie 's . samir we have to go home for now . fouad you tell I we home be there , forever . samir yes , but some thing have change . fouad it 's because of the man who come ? samir do not respond . fouad because I misbehave yesterday ? samir no. fouad why do not lucie like you ? samir because she think I want to take she mommy away from she . fouad but she do not like she mommy . samir of course she do . all child love they mommy . just like you miss you mommy . fouad but mommy 's not home anymore . samir would you like to go see she ? do you want to go to see she tomorrow ? fouad no. samir why ? fouad she scare I . samir you mommy ? fouad she 's dead . samir do not say such thing , fouad . if she be dead , they would not have keep she in the hospital , with the machine . fouad if they take they away , she ’1ll die ? why do not they take they away ? samir because we do not know if she want to stay alive like this or if she want to die . fouad she want to die . samir ( shocked ) why do you say that ? fouad she kill herself . it mean that she want to die . fouad 's word have upset samir . he hug fouad . fouad sorry , daddy . 65 . int . shahriar 's restaurant - day naima be seat at one of the table in the restaurant . her gaze reveal she state of anxiety . Ahmad and lucie be seat opposite she and they watch she curiously . ahmad do he wife work there too ? naima yes , for a few day . samir have bring she to clear she head . naima take the garment out from its cover and place it in front of Ahmad and lucie . naima and that day , she have a fight with a customer over this stain . the customer say that the dress have be stain at the cleaner 's . samir 's wife say no , it have it before it be bring in to the cleaner 's . ahmad that 's all ? naima to make thing better , I tell she to leave the dress and come and get it the next day . the customer say that the next day would be too late , because the dress belong to a guest of the hotel where she work and the guest be catch a flight that afternoon . she say we have a couple of hour to get the stain out .. and I say okay ... suddenly celine start scream at I , say it be not for I to say , that this dress have the stain before we get it and it 's not we problem . the customer start yell and even curse . samir 's wife get upset and throw the dress on the sidewalk . I do not know what to do .. they push each other around a bit , and the customer decide to call the police .. so I ask she to let I leave so that when the police come , I would not be there ... ahmad you work illegally ? naima yes . but céline say '' you have to stay and tell the police that when you get the dress , it be already stain '' . so I call samir without she see I to and ask he to come quickly . when he come and hear the story , he get very angry with he wife and say sorry to the customer and say he have pay for the dress . he ask she to call the police and tell they that the issue be resolve . the customer say she would do it only if he wife apologize to she . and then celine start scream and yell at I say I have no right to call samir behind she back . I do not say anything . I just take my purse to leave , but samir come and take my hand , like this ... he say I have to stay . instead , he ask he wife to leave . in front of the customer , in front of I , he throw she out .. and I stay . now all three be quiet . upset , Ahmad look at the stain at the back of the dress and lucie stare at naima who be upset . ahmad how many day before she suicide be that ? naima I think four or five day ... can I go ? ahmad thank you . naima get up . she take the dress , say goodbye and leave . Ahmad get up and accompany she to the door . lucie be still seat , lose in think . Ahmad return to the table . ahmad that 's what depression 's like . small thing can suddelnly set you off . lucie ( on the verge of tear ) the day before she suicide , I forward she all the love letter my mom and samir have email each other . Ahmad be astonished . he be look in disbelief at lucie who have now reveal she secret and do not even have the energy to cry . there be silence between they . 66 . ext . shahryar 's restaurant - sidewalk - day lucie exit the restaurant . they stand on the sidewalk together , she be upset and look at Ahmad . ahmad what be you go to do now ? lucie I will go to Brussels . ahmad do not be silly . you will not last a minute there . you have to go back to you mom 's . lucie I can not wake up every morning and face the guy whose wife be dead because of I ! I can not look he son in the eye . ahmad come sit down . Ahmad seat lucie down on the chair in front of the restaurant . he sit opposite she . ahmad do you want I to help you ? lucie ( worried ) you be not go to tell my mom ... ahmad listen ... lucie get up . lucie ( frantic ) no , I do not want she to know . ahmad sit down ! lucie I should not have tell you . ahmad hold on , listen .. you either keep this to yourself and suffer for the rest of you life , or you talk to you mom . lucie what would that chage ? ahmad it might change she decision to marry he . lucie he decision 's make , she 's pregnant . ahmad what if she find out about this after she child be bear ? then , it have really be too late . lucie if I would feel like tell she , I would have do it . ahmad it 's not about you feel like it or not . you have to ask yourself if it be important for you mother . she have the right to know . 67 . int . marie 's house - kitchen - hallway - day Marie be busy put away the grocery . from the hallway , Ahmad quietly stand in the kitchen doorway . Marie do not notice he presence . she turn around , see he stand behind she . she be startle , scream , then laugh at she own reaction . marie you be here ? ahmad I be upstairs with lucie . Ahmad come into the kitchen . marie how be you meeting ? ahmad what meeting ? marie with samir 's employee . ahmad yeah . it be fine . lea between they . Ahmad help Marie put away the grocery . ahmad have you tell lucie I be come to Paris ? marie no . ahmad how do she know , then ? marie do she know ? ahmad yes marie how ? ahmad I do not know . maybe she read you email . ( show a bottle ) where do you keep this ? Marie take the bottle of dishwash liquid from Ahmad to put it ina cupboard . Ahmad 's word have peak she curiosity . marie do something happen ? ahmad shall we go for a walk ? marie no , I be tired . what 's the matter , Ahmad ? Ahmad go to the door to close it so that they may speak in private . Ahmad sit down . wait for he to speak . Marie sit down opposite he . Marie be stare at he , int . marie 's house - upstair room - day lea be sit next to lucie on the edge of the bed . a brief silence lea look at lucie 's worried face . lea you want to go live with dad ? lucie think for a moment then shrug . lea i£ you go , I 'il come with you . lucie you have to stay here with mom. lea lea I want to be with you . lucie it 's not a good idea . lea dad 's wife be a bit weird . there be silence between they . Ahmad call lucie from downstairs . worried , lucie get up and leave the room . lea be watch she . 69 . int . marie 's house - hallway - kitchen - backyard - day in the hallway , before lucie come into the kitchen , Ahmad quietly gesture to lucie no to be worried and that she mother only want to speak with she . lucie go towards the kitchen . Marie be stand like a zombie in the backyard behind the kitchen and smoking a cigarette . lucie slowly walk in and stand in a corner of the kitchen . she be look at she mother . a heavy silence . Marie realize lucie be in the kitchen . she come back inside . she be consume by anger , she hand be shaking with rage . marie be what Ahmad say true ? lucie nod . Marie suddenly lose control and lunge towards she . she have burst into tear , she take lucie by the arm and shake she violently while cry and scream at she . marie ( cry ) why do you do that to I ? what do I ever do to you ? lucie show no reaction . she too be cry . she do not defend herself against she mother 's beat . it be clear that she be feel sorry for Marie . Ahmad who have hear the commotion , rush into the kitchen to separate lucie from she mother 's grip . Marie be too angry to let lucie go . he manage to free lucie and pull Marie to a corner of the kitchen . lea have also come down and be witness this fight . Marie suddenly start punch she own stomach . Ahmad hold she hand to prevent she from do this . ahmad stop it , Marie ! calm down ! marie you little shit ! ahmad Marie ! easy ... marie get you hand off I ! ahmad you promise not to do that . marie ( to lucie ) get out of this house ! get out ! again Marie try to lunge at lucie . Ahmad struggle to stop she and send lucie out of the kitchen . ahmad ( to lucie ) go. Marie aimlessly walk around the kitchen . Ahmad come towards she to try and calm she down . ahmad she 's in enough pain . I ask she to tell you . she could have stop I from talk to you . I could have ask she to keep the secret . you have have prefer not to know anything for the rest of you life ? Marie suddenly lash out at Ahmad . marie will you shut up ! ahmad remember you be the one who write that email . she only forward they . marie I do not want to hear you . I hate it when you lecture I ! it disgust I ! ahmad ( to lea ) go to you room sweetheart ... Ahmad walk towards lea , send she out of the kitchen and close the door . ahmad I be not lecture you ! you ask I to come here and talk to lucie ! marie ( scream and cry ) fuck off ! I do not ask you here for lucie ! I ask you to come here after four year just to sign that fuck piece of paper and then get lose forever ! ahmad listen . why do not you ask I to come last year ? why do I have to be here in the middle of this shit ... marie screw you . ahmad without even know you 's be get marry ? marie ( angry ) read you email ! ahmad and you do not book I a hotel . and you make I sleep next to he son . why ? marie I send you a you email ... ahmad you make I come here just to get revenge . that 's all it 's about . marie ( angry and sarcastic ) yes , you be right . happy ? ahmad just before see the judge , you tell I you be pregnant . why ? marie do , 't you want to get out of here ? just leave for good ? please ... lea run into the kitchen . lea she 's leave ! Ahmad be worried . he come out of the kitchen with lea . angry and frustrated , Marie sit at the kitchen table . 70 . ext . marie 's house - STREET - day lucie , she eye puffy and teary , walk quickly down the street . run after she . ahmad lucie !.. lucie ! although she can hear he , lucie do not respond to he call . reach she and block she path . ahmad where be you go ? Ahmad Ahmad lucie do not respond and try to go around he . Ahmad grip she hand . ahmad ( firmly ) come back ! lucie who be you to boss I around ? Ahmad have nothing to say to she . ahmad lucie , you mother be not feel well right now . plese , do not make it worse . lucie why do you tell she ? ahmad you say I could . lucie you leave I no choice . ahmad I want to spare you suffer . lucie be I not suffer now ? be I well ? Ahmad do not respond . lucie pull she hand from he and leave . Ahmad be upset . lucie continue walk , then again she stop . lucie can you lend I some money ? ahmad wait , I x11 come with you . lucie wait at Ahmad 's insistence . Ahmad rush back to the house and go inside . 71 . int . marie 's house - hallway and kitchen - day Ahmad be rush down the stair and put on he coat . he come towards the kitchen . lea be stand in the kitchen doorway . daze , Marie , who have stop cry , be sit at the kitchen table . marie wait .. 1/11 go . Marie come out of the kitchen and walk towards the front door . lea be look at Ahmad who be stand there not know what to do . Ahmad come towards she . together they walk into the kitchen . Ahmad sit on the chair and lea gently lean against he and stand there . lea what be in that email ? ahmad I do not know ... 72 . ext . marie 's house - STREET - day Marie have reach lucie who be stand on the side of the road . quickly look at she in silence . marie come back home . lucie look at she mother in silence . marie let 's get back in . 73 . int . shahryar 's house - work room - day Ahmad be sit at a workbench . shahryar ( in Persian ) ahamd , look at I . do not get suck back into this . cut. remember mitra and I ? cut. life go on without you and I . ahmad ( in Persian ) I think to myself if I have not leave four year ago ... shahryar ( in Persian ) you would have leave a year later .. if not , two year later . I tell you from the beginning , you be not make for this place . you have to choose . it 's either one way or the other . you can not have it both way . Ahmad have nothing to say to shahryar . 74 , int . marie 's house - kitchen - night she Marie be hold she phone , full trepidation , she pace back and forth in the kitchen . she dial a couple of number , but she change she mind and hang up . lucie quietly come into the kitchen from the hallway . she be look at the phone in she mother 's hand . lucie be you go to tell he ? Marie just look at lucie . she have no answer . lucie you do not have to . Marie think of what lucie have say . she sit down at the kitchen table . marie go to bed . and turn off the light , please . lucie turn off the light and leave the kitchen . Marie place the phone on the table and stay there in the darkness . 75 . ext . sidewalk outside the drycleaner 's - day Marie be walk down the sidewalk . it 's a long walk to the drycleaner 's . from she eye , it be clear that she have not have a good night 's sleep . 76 . int . drycleaner 's - day - continued Marie enter the drycleaner 's . naima be busy get the clean clothing out of the large wash machine . fouad be busy draw in a corner . naima notice Marie who have now come to this side of the counter . naima hello , ma’am . marie hello . be samir here ? naima he 's upstairs . Marie go towards the back door . 77 . int . samir 's house - stairway - day Marie climb the narrow stairway , which connect the dry cleaner 's to samir 's house on the second floor . she ring the doorbell . 78 . int . samir 's house - day a small house locate above the dry cleaner 's with window face the street . it be clear that life have not flow in this house for some time and everything be a mess . from the vanity drawer , samir take out the half - full perfume bottle belong to he wife . Marie be stand a bit further away . marie what 's all this ? samir her perfume . I be take they to the hospital . marie what for ? samir a silence ensue . be stare at the samir have notice for a test . one of she nurse be say that the memory of smell be the last one you lose . samir place the perfume bottle on the table . Marie perfume . she take one of they and look at it . marie that be you cologne ... samir she like it . something suspicious in Marie 's expression . samir what ? marie nothing . samir why do not you sit ? marie I have to go . Marie be not feel like she usually do . he be wait for she to speak . marie I do not like it when hide you feeling . samir I be not hide anything . marie you mean you be not happy ? samir about what ? marie be it not good news that there be still hope that she can react to something ? samir what do you want I to say ? marie you be stick between you wife and I . samir you ralize that overnight ? marie I have feel it for a long time . samir since when ? marie what do you mean ? samir you do not say thing like that until last week . the weight of samir 's coment sink in . marie I always feel it but I be not brave enough to tell you earlier . maybe I be not sure of what I feel . samir what do you feel ? marie that I be only here to fill the void leave by you wife . samir be hurt by Marie . a brief silence . samir whose void be I suppose to fill in you life ? marie ( upset ) no one 's . samir be you sure ? marie of what ? samir I be not here to make up for you fail marriage ? marie if that be the case , I would not be carry you child . samir that be a accident . marie I could have not keep it . samir you keep it because you want to erase that man , to convince yourself that it be over , that you have turn the page and you be start something new with someone else . but the problem be that you be still not convinced . otherwise , you would not have bring he home , you have have let he go to a hotel . Marie be stare at he . samir ever since he 's come back , you have change . I do not even recognize you anymore . marie I feel this way because I have find out why you wife ... samir leave she out oh this , please . marie she know ... samir you sound like you crazy daughter . samir if she have know , she have have say something to I at some point . marie she never ask about I ? samir ask what ? marie I do not know . why I come so often ... samir for she , you be just a customer . marie what about you ? do not she suspect you ? samir no . I wish she have . at least , it have have mean she care enough to try and find out if there be someone else . Marie be silent for a moment . samir place the perfume inside a box . Marie get up to walk towards the door . marie lucie send she we email . samir be shocked , stare at Marie . there be a heavy silence between they . samir how would she get she email ? marie you wife give it to she . samir but they never meet ... marie lucie call she at the shop and tell she she have email we have send each other and that she want to forward they . you wife accept . samir stare at Marie in disbelief . again , there be silence between they . samir when do she call she ? marie the day before she suicide . samir drop he gaze and stare at the perfume . Marie leave he house . 79 , int . dry cleaner 's - day samir enter the dry cleaner 's from the back door . he be preoccupy . naima be write up a order for a customer . he wait for the customer to leave . he be look at fouad who be still draw in he notebook . as soon as the customer leave , he call naima . samir naima ... come here a second . naima walk towards samir . samir after the fight with celine ... you know , when I ask she to go ... do she ever come by the shop when I be out ? naima no samir what about when she want to go upstairs ? would she pass through here ? naima I do not see she the last few day . samir she be always up there ? naima she only come down the day it happen . samir not the day before ? naima no , why ? samir someone say that they call here and talk to my wife . a customer come and naima go to she . 80 . ext . STREET opposite pharmacy - int . pharmacy - day upset , Marie be fill the prescription for a customer . she spot samir who be wait for she outside the pharmacy . she quickly get the prescription for the customer and send she to the register to pay . she come out of the pharmacy . her co - worker who be ringing up the customer , be frustrated with Marie 's sloppy work . she glance outside and see Marie and samir talk . 81 . int . marie 's house - downstair bedroom - night a small lamp be on . Marie be lie on she bed by herself and she be stare out into space . the door gently open . lucie come in . Marie realize lucie be there but show no reaction . lucie come towards the bed . she pull the blanket to the side and lie down next to she mother who have she back towards she . she pull the blanket over herself . for a moment , they lie like this side by side . lucie turn towards she mother . she hold she from behind . Marie take she hand and press it to she chest . lucie I be sorry , Mom . marie promise not to lie to I again . lucie when do I lie to you ? marie when you say you have forward the email . lucie be shocked at hearing this but she do not respond . from she look , it be clear that she be debate whether to speak or to remain silent . marie you promise ? lucie remain silent . marie okay ? lucie why do you think it be a lie ? marie because she be not at the shop the day before she suicide . again lucie be silent . she let go of she mother and turn onto she back . she stare at the ceiling . Marie be surprised at she reaction and turn she head towards she . she look at lucie . lucie speak in response to Marie 's inquisitive gaze . lucie I speak to she . marie no . lucie yes . she have a accent . marie his wife be french . now they be both think the same thing . Marie be worried . 82 . int . drycleaner 's - ext . sidewalk - morning samir be wait for naima to arrive , it be clear that he be extremely upset and angry . a brief moment pass . naima enter . naima ' Morning . naima go to the back , take off she jacket and hang it up along with she purse . samir stand opposite she and stare into she eye . naima be worried , samir why do you do it ? naima do what ? samir why do you pretend to be my wife and give she email ? naima be scared . she do not react . samir be angry , still wait for she to answer . samir well ? naima sorry . samir naima be silent . fouad , just wake I be not ask for a apology . I be ask why ! naima she do not like I . samir what ? naima she hate I . samir have you do something ? naima samir then why do she hate you ? naima she think there be something go on between we . samir she think that ? why would she ? samir why would she think that ? naima because you hire I even though I be illegal .. she be suspicious . samir do she say anything to you ? naima samir where be you get this crap then ? naima she be always after I , so I think ... up , have open the back door and come inside . samir you think ?... get out . she never ask I to fire you . naima but she keep do thing to get you to fire I .. samir like what ? naima lot of thing . samir what kind of thing ? naima the day of the fight , the customer call the police , she would not let I leave , she want I to stay . samir so what ? naima she want the police to find out about I . samir that 's it ? that 's why she 's ina coma ?... get out . naima that dress .. I take it out of the machine . I take it , I irone it , I wrap it up ... there be no stain ! she make the stain , I be sure . I have be here for a year , I have never see a stain like that . samir how much do I owe you ? again naima do not respond . samir come to the counter . he take out some money from he pocket . he put several bill on the counter and go out to the sidewalk . fouad be stare at naima who be upset and walk towards she jacket and purse . 83 . ext . drycleaner 's - sidewalk - day samir be on the sidewalk . he be clearly upset . carry she purse on she shoulder , naima come out of the drycleaner 's . for a moment she pause , then go back towards the samir . naima I want she to know there be nothing between we . you be always upset , think about someone else , she think it be I . the day of the fight , you ask I to stay , you take my hand and you ask she to leave . I see she eye for a second , I know what she be think . samir ( angry ) because of what you do , this kid 's mother have be a vegetable in a hospital bed for the past eight month . naima it 's not because of what I do . samir you give she email to that brat . naima if she have read the email , she would have understand everything . why have she have come and drunk the detergent in front of I ? she have have go to the pharmacy and kill herself in front of she . or upstairs , in front of you . why in front of I ? samir have no response . sad , naima walk off and grow small in the distance . samir be even more frustrated than before . 84 . int . dry cleaner 's - day samir reenter the shop . he close the front door . he move to the back of the shop and walk through the rack of clothing . from among the clothes , he find the dress naima be talk about . he bring it down . he take its cover off . he search for the stain , look at it carefully and smell it . 85 . int . samir 's house - bathroom - day samir and fouad be in the bathroom . fouad be sit on the edge of the bathtub and samir be clipping he fingernails . fouad she 's not come back ? samir who ? fouad naima . samir no fouad why ? samir she do something wrong . fouad but she say sorry . samir some thing be unforgivable . fouad like what ? samir do not know how to explain what 's happen to fouad . he just look at he . he hold up he other hand and continue to clip he nail . he see the band - aid on he finger . samir what happen to you finger ? fouad nothing . samir take off the band-aid . fouad I want to go back to lea 's . samir we can not go for now . fouad when then ? samir not as long as we do not know about mommy . fouad when will we know ? samir ( frustrated ) I do not know . fouad I get bored here by myself . samir why do not you come down to see I ? fouad I do not like it downstairs . samir look down and continue clipping he nail . it be clear that he be try to hide the tear he feel after what fouad have say . 86 . int . pharmacy - ext . sidewalk - day samir walk along the sidewalk . he reach the pharmacy . without stop , he sneak a peak inside the pharmacy . Marie be busy fill the prescription for a old male customer . samir pass the pharmacy , and turn onto the next street . he stop a few yard away . he pace back and forth for a bit . he be hesitant . he go back the same way he come , this time without look inside the pharmacy . he go back towards the drycleaner 's . he ear Marie 's voice from behind he . marie samir ! he stop and see Marie who have come out of the pharmacy and be stand on the sidewalk . 87 . int . dry cleaner 's - ext . sidewalk - day fouad be busy draw in a corner of the drycleaner 's . the glass door of the store be lock . samir and Marie be on the sidewalk and have reach the door . samir unlock the door and they both come inside . he again lock the door from the inside . fouad come out form between the clothing rack . fouad hello . marie hello . Marie go towards he . she kiss he . samir ( to fouad ) go upstairs , fouad . fouad and then I 'il go with Marie ? samir go get you thing . make a draw for mommy , ok ? samir accompany fouad to the back door . fouad leave . Marie sit on a chair by the counter . marie do you think she get we email ? samir I do not know . marie if she have read they , she would have at least say something to you . samir since the fight with the customer , we would stop speak . it last until the end . marie even if she have read they , yesterday you say she would not have care . samir be silent . marie would she have care ? samir maybe . I do not know . I have rather talk about now . that be then . it 's over . what I know now be that you be carry we child . we just have to forget . marie be that possible ? samir it should be . marie what if it be not ? Marie be deep in think . 88 . int . marie 's house - kitchen - ext . back yard - day Ahmad be stand in a corner and watch Marie who be fill the kettle in the sink . ahmad be you wrist better ? marie it still hurt a bit . ahmad you go to see a doctor ? marie it 's normal . it 's the lack of calcium . the baby 's take it all . ahmad how far along be you ? marie a bit more than two month . ahmad I think you have hurt yourself painting . marie I do not know , maybe . there 's a brief silence between they . Marie place the kettle on the stove and turn it on . ahmad there 's something I want to tell you before I go . marie about what ? ahmad about when I leave four year ago marie it 's pointless now . ahmad I want to explain why I do not ... marie no .. I do not want to look back anymore . forget it . again there 's silence . ahmad I be off , then . marie and you thing in the shed ? ahmad I do not want they . marie take they . Ahmad notice Marie 's state . from the kitchen door , he enter the backyard to gather he belonging in the shed . 89 . ext . marie 's house - yard - day Ahmad come to the yard hold a dusty suitcase . lea and fouad be busy play with lea 's helicopter . Ahmad go towards lea and hug she . fouad be watch they . lea smile . Ahmad look at fouad and also hug he . 90 . int . marie 's house - upstair room - ext . yard - day lucie look out at the yard from the window of she room . she watch Ahmad say goodbye to lea and fouad and walk toward the front gate . the child see he off . Ahmad go onto the street . to better see he leave , lucie place one foot on the bed and raise herself a little . Ahmad fade into the distance . lucie stay there till Ahmad disappear from view . once he be go , she come down from the bed . 91 . int . hospital - hallway - day samir be in the hallway outside the door to he wife 's room and he be look inside the room . 92 . int . hospital - hallway and patient 's room - day from samir 's point of view , a doctor and nurse can be see in the room in which samir 's wife be in a coma . they be perform test and examine she . 93 . int . hospital - hallway - day curious , samir have approach the door . the doctor come out of the room . samir 's inquisitive eye be direct at he . the specialist take samir aside . doctor unfortunately she have no reaction . samir none ? doctor none that I register . samir you mean the scratch on she stomach , be involuntary ? doctor possibly . as I tell you , this test do not reflect she state of consciousness . samir but she have never scratch herself before . doctor I really can not say . the nurse may have do it when move she in she bed . theses patient have fragile skin . samir Doctor ... how can I be sure it 's not she ? doctor by do further test . but even if the other test result be negative , there 's 1l still be room for doubt . in this case , you can never be sure . the doctor leave . from the doorway , samir be look inside the room . the nurse who be busy collect the perfume , come out of the room and walk towards samir . nurse I put the perfume by she bed . samir do you test all of they ? nurse no just a couple of they . the nurse leave . samir enter the room . 94 , int . hospital - patient 's room - day samir come into the room . his ill wife be lie motionless on the bed . on the wall be drawing which be draw by fouad . samir take the box of perfume to reluctently leave the room . as he exit , he hesitates and go back to he wife 's side . he sit by she on the bed and stare at she . he take the man 's cologne , the scent which he know he wife like , and pour some of it onto the palm of he hand . he hold he hand gently in front of he wife 's nose . he lower he head towards she ear and whisper something to she . he stare at she hand and foot to see a reaction . he keep hold he hand up to she face . he place he finger in celine 's motionless hand . samir if you can smell the perfume , squeeze my hand , celine . he keep watch he finger and celine 's hand . the end title appear and fade on this shot .