mummy iit by Alfred gough & mile millar sommer company second draft alphaville August 19 , 2005 note : dialogue in italic be in chinese with English subtitles . fade in : the universal picture globe morph into a glint red sphere . pull back to reveal it 's the eye of a malevolent - look dragon that be carve into a massive door . a female narrator , with a lilt chinese accent , begin ... narrator ( v.o. ) twenty - two century ago , China be forge out of the will of one man , its first Emperor , qin shihuang . the door swing open and emperor qin shihuang be carry in . he 's sit on a jewel - encrust jade throne which be lug by 30 mongolian eunuch . he be dress in a extravagant crimson - and - black robe and he face register only the blank coldness of a dictator . he 's just enter ... ext . palace - day a vast wall city comprise of a complex of pavilion , pagoda and ornamental garden . the Emperor 's army fill the monumental : courtyard in front of the main palace pavilion . the 100,000 warrior stand in perfectly order phalanx . narrator ( v.o. ) his thirst for power be unquenchable and he army be a merciless kill machine . he vow not to rest until he have conquer the entire world . as the Emperor be parade past , the soldier bow on one knee . ext . river of spirit - day tight on : a human skull as it be crushed under the weight of a massive stone . pull back to reveal a ancient construction site stretch as far as the eye can see . narrator ( v.o. ) he force he vanquish enemy to construct a great wall which he build over the blight River of spirit . thousand of slave haul block into place over a snake dry riverbed that be thickly carpete with skeleton and skull . 2 . keep pulling up over the partially complete great Wall of China as the image morph into a 20 x20 map of the ancient world . it sit on the floor of ... int . war room - night the Emperor stand with he Generals , flanke by he devote eunuch , fu . a magnificent embroider dragon tapestry shimmer on the wall behind he . narrator ( v.0 . ) as the year wear on , the Emperor realize that the world be too big to conquer in he lifetime . frustrate , the Emperor grab a sword and sweep off the model battalion that be spread out across the map . narrator ( v.o. ) he have to overcome the one enemy that no man have defeat -- death itself . int . throne room ~ palace - night the Emperor watch as a motley crowd of griz*le men , wild - haire hag and bespectacled scholar be escort in . narrator ( v.o. ) he summon all the mystic , alchemist and wizard in he kingdom and command they to find the answer to eternal life . camera rest on the face of a shriveled old shaman as he react to the request with fearful trepidation . match CUT to : the shaman 's face . pull back to reveal he head be now pickle in a jar ona shelf . it 's just one of a thousand jar contain the head of other mystic in ... int . ancient laboratory - day the Emperor stand in the middle of this dungeon - like chamber surround by smoking vat and billow vial . narrator ( v.o. ) they teach he mastery of the five element -- fire , water , earth , metal and stone -- but the mystery of immortality still elude he . the Emperor conjure a blue flame in he palm . narrator ( v.o. ) the Emperor have almost give up hope when he learn of a priestess name Zohora who be verse in the secret language of antiquity . ext . palace gate - day narrator ( v.o. ) he send Sun tzu , he most trust General , to find she . the tower door open and a battery of warrior canter out on horseback . they be lead by a General , whose strike good look be etched with nobility . this be SUN tzu . ext . bamboo forest - day Sun tzu and he man creep toward the stone temple that be nestle among the impossibly tall bamboo tree . a twig snap . he turn and swing up he sword to the throat of a serene beauty , zohora , just as she sweep up a sword to he . as they eye meet , there be a instant electric attraction . ext . countryside - day Zohora hold on to Sun tzu as they gallop down a track which run parallel to the great Wall . Sun tzu turn and ride towards the Emperor 's palace , which loom in the distance . int . throne room - palace - day Sun tzu present Zohora to the Emperor , who be clearly strike by she beauty . narrator ( v.o. ) the Emperor give Zohora access to he vast library . int . scroll room - palace ~ day Zohora sit at a circular desk in the middle of this colossal bookshelf - fill chamber , poring over box of scroll . narrator ( v.o. ) she spend she day study the ancient text and she night ... int . SUN tzu quarter - night Zohora and Sun tzu be entwine in a passionate embrace . narrator ( v.0 . ) . wrap in Sun tzu 's axm . the camera find the Emperor watch through a window . as he eye glint with jealousy ... int . scroll room - palace - night Zohora empty a box of document onto the table and unroll a dusty papyrus . it be write in hieratic and feature image of horus and anubis . as she translate the text , she face fire with excitement . int . SUN tzu quarter - night Zohora burst in hold the papyrus . zohora the answer ! I find it ! emperor I never doubted you would . she spin and find the Emperor in the doorway . she mask she shock and respectfully bow she head . zohora my Lord . he lift she chin with he finger . emperor where be it ? zohora written in a book hide in the land of the pharaoh . two eunuch step out hold Sun tzu , who 's be beat . narrator ( v.o. ) he order Sun tzu to retrieve the book . Zohora drop to she knee in front of Sun tzu and beg . narrator ( v.0 . ) but Zohora plead that she should go in he place . egyptian tomb be deadly trap and , without knowledge of they hieroglyphics , he would face certain death . the Emperor consider she request , unsheathes a dragon-hilted dagger which he hold to Sun tzu 's heart . narrator ( v.o. ) the Emperor give she ninety moon to return or he would execute she lover . Sun tzu and Zohora exchange desperate glance . ext . desert - day narrator ( v.0o . ) Zohora head west ... Zohora ride like the wind . she spur she horse up over a dune , revealing the great pyramid of giza flicker like a mirage . she power into the blister heat . ext . hamunaptra - night narrator ( v.0o . ) ++. to the city of hamunaptra , rest place of imhotep and sanctuary of the fable Book of the Dead . two mumia be sit by a campfire , guard the entrance , when -- phhht ! phhht ! two bamboo blow - dart hit they neck . as they slump , unconscious , Zohora be reveal . she search they pocket and retrieve the puzzle BOX key ( from the first '' mummy '' movie ) . as she flower it open ... match CUT to : int . anubis 's chamber - night the impression on the front of the black Book of the Dead . Zohora twist the key and the latch snap open one by one . narrator ( v.o. ) not wishing to incur the wrath of the great god anubis , Zohora fashioned a copy of the sacred text in terra cotta . under anubis 's watchful gaze , Zohora mix a thick clay . ext . hamunaptra - dawn everything be wash in golden light . Zohora wrap she copy of the Book in a blanket and place it in she saddlebag . ext . zohora 's ride - night / day narrator ( v.o. ) she xode day and night , determine no harm would come to Sun tzu . Zohora ride across the desert , immune to the scorching sun . silhouett against the moon , she plow across the himalayas . her face be a mask of determination as she race along the great Wall , send worker scatter . ext . palace - day narrator ( v.0 . ) she return to the palace on the eve of the eighty - ninth day . a snowstorm swirl as Zohora burst through the gate and ride past the legion of warrior who be training in the massive courtyard . int . throne room - day Zohora kneel at the Emperor 's foot and hold up the copy of the Book of the Dead . he beam as he run he hand across its surface . narrator ( v.0o . ) the Emperor be so pleased that he reward Zohora with a gift . the Emperor 's eunuch , fu , step forward , hold a lavishly carve lapis box . jzohora tentatively open the lid and reel back when she see SUN thu' head . his glassy eye stare up . emperor now I will rule the earth as a god with you by my side . the Emperor grin lecherously . narrator ( v.0 . ) he order she to read from the Book and make he immortal . but she refuse . enrage , the Emperor plunge the dragon-hilted dagger into she side . as she drop to she knee , the Book fall open and Zohora whisper a ancient egyptian incantation . narrator ( v.o. ) instead of granting he everlast life , Zohora use the Book to curse the Emperor and he beloved army . the Emperor utter a blood - curdling scream . he tear open he robe , look at he chest as he skin become translucent . fu and the eunuch flee as the Emperor 's heart start to pump black blood . the poison course through the Emperor 's body from the inside out . Black vein viper up he arm , leg and neck and fissure across the white of he eyeball . the ooze seep out of he pore , coating he flesh and clothes . like molten clay , it sheet across he 'face , sealing he lip and tongue and silencing he agonize cry . when he 's fully coat , ultra -bright rod of white light needle out of he body . the Emperor jerk upright and he arm swing to he side as the light fuse he bone and superheat the clay shell , harden it in second . when the light die , the Emperor have be transformed into a terra cotta mummy . a volley of banshee scream echoe from outside . Zohora peer out as the terra cotta curse wash over the Emperor 's warrior like a wave . they horse shriek as they succumb to the unholy curse , too . finally , they be all wrack by the blind spindle of light and be violently snap to permanent attention as they body be entombed in clay . ext . palace - night snow whip as the wounded Zohora gallop across the courtyard , clutching the Book . tear freeze on she cheek as she pass the row of terra cotta soldier who stand like a clockwork army . she ride into the whiteness . narrator ( v.o. ) she ride off into the night and be never see again . snow ping off the warrior as camera sweep up over they head and into the window of ... int . throne room - night push in on the Emperor 's expressionless face . narrator ( v.o. ) the eunuch bury the Emperor in a crypt below the courtyard . as for he warrior , the palace become they tomb . push into he lifeless eye . narrator ( v.0 . ) the people believe that if the Emperor awoke , he would raise he army and finish he crusade to enslave the world . keep pushing until the screen be engulfed in blackness and the only sound be eerie whistling silence . narrator ( v.o. ) for two millennia , they laid forget under the sand of time until ... superimposed across the screen be the word : china - 1940 . a shaft of light cut through the blackness and a young man rappel into view . this be alex o’connell . he 's 18 now , with floppy blond hair and a English accent . he 's inherite he father 's good look and he mother 's academic intellect . lily Alex , you see anything ? he peer up at lily chen , who 's stare through a hole in the roof of the cavern 50 foot above . lily 's about Alex 's age and she mysterious beauty be match by a razor- sharp mind . alex not yet , but I know the palace be down here . it have to be . lily that 's what you say about the other nine cavern . alex this be the one , lily . I be go deeper . lily I do not think that 's a good idea . alex trust I , I be rappelling into tomb before I could walk . I 'ma pro . as he loosen the clamp , the rope slide free and Alex be send plunging into the darkness . lily react as Alex 's rope rapidly uncoil at she foot . she shout into the abyss . lily alex ! alex ! Alex scorch he palm as he desperately try to reattach he harness to the rope . finally , he pound he fist into the head of the clamp , cause its tooth to lock back into place . as the rope jerk he to a stop , he instinctively snatch he glass out of the air as they tumble free . lily Alex , be you okay ? alex I be hang in there . he pull out a flare-stick and crack it open . he hold it out as he slowly twist himself around and come face to face with a fearsome terra cotta warrior . Alex grin . alex lily , radio willoughby , tell he I find it . int . tomb of the terra cotta warrior - day time have turn the palace courtyard into a vast subterranean vault . Warrior be line shoulder to shoulder . lily supervise a chinese crew who be illuminate the giant space with torch . Alex wait for a overweight englishman , in a white linen suit , who be awkwardly clamber off a rope ladder . this be sir colin willoughby . willoughby my colleague at the bembridge Society think I be crazy to put my faith and money in a o’connell . but I know you could do it , Alex . alex thank you , Sir Colin . that mean a great deal come from you . willoughby pull a magnify glass from he pocket and rudely brushes past lily as he cross to admire a warrior . 10 . willoughby look at the detail . I wonder how long they take to carve . lily they be not carve , they be curse . willoughby accord to whom ? lily chinese legend . the terra cotta warrior have remain poise in time , wait for they Emperor to return . willoughby Alex , you should tell you girlfriend not to put so much stock in old folklore . Alex awkwardly shuffles . alex actually , lily 's not my girlfriend . she 's a Ph.D. student at shanghai University . I could not have find this tomb without she help . willoughby regards lily , skeptical . willoughby what 's you field of expertise ? lily ancient chinese history and language . unimpress , willoughby turn back to Alex . willoughby once you take the bembridge oath , I trust you will leave such fairy - tale hokum behind . alex but only full scholar take the oath , 11 . willoughby you be we youngest associate , now I predict you 'il be we youngest scholar . they could not deny you after this discovery . alex Sir Colin , I do not know what to say . that 's be my dream ever since I desecrate my first tomb . before Alex can correct himself , willoughby wrap he in a sweaty bear hug . willoughby you have get a lot of work ahead of you . this place be go to take decade to excavate . as willoughby puff he way down a row of warrior , Alex turn to lily , grin like a kid at Christmas . alex Alex o’connell , bembridge scholar . wait until my mum hear about this . lily you do not need that pompous ass willoughby to validate you . it would take he three lifetime to learn what you already know . he smile , look at she , clearly enchant . alex lily , I be wonder when we get back to shanghai if maybe we could do something together , you know , that do not involve digging hole or climb down rope . lily be that you way of ask I out on a date ? he nod shyly . although touch , she let he down gently . lily I would love to , but I kind of make it a rule not to date colleague . 12 . alex of course , absolutely , good think . would not want to blur the line with all the work we have get ahead of we . off Alex mask he disappointment as she head away ... CUT to : a brush -- flick the dust from the dragon insignia that embellish the chest plate of a terra cotta warrior . Alex stand back , confuse , as lily step to he side . lily everything okay ? Alex point to three pair of terra cotta warrior who stand side by side and bear the Emperor 's insignia . alex you have any idea what six of the Emperor 's personal bodyguard be do in the middle of a formation of foot soldier ? lily maybe they get lose . alex they would never have leave he side . Alex bend down , sweep away some dirt , revealing a track - like groove . he look back at lily and grin ... alex you want to meet a Emperor ? Alex step between the first pair of warrior , put he hand on they chest and push they over . the statue slam into the one behind they , knock they over like bowl pin . as the third pair topple , they lurch to a stop and a doorway grind OPEN in the floor between the six statue . off Alex and lily 's excitement ... int . crypt - day four stone chimera , mythical dragon - like tomb guardian , stand in the corner of the chamber as Alex lead lily and willoughby down the step . the trio stare in awe at the Emperor 's ornate sarcophagus . it 's si i i rc . 13 . willoughby the final rest place of Emperor qin shihuang . you have guarantee you place in the history book with this one , my boy . willoughby step to the sarcophagus . it 's carve out of red jade and be inlaid with the Emperor 's dragon insignia . willoughby I want the sarcophagus take to the british embassy in shanghai for safe keep immediately . alarm , lily step in front of willoughby . lily no , the Emperor can not leave this chamber ! willoughby I do not remember request you opinion on the matter . lily if you move the Emperor , you 'il be make a huge mistake . willoughby roll he eye , turn to Alex . willoughby I suggest you have a word with you lady friend if you want she to remain on this dig . Alex wait until willoughby exit . alex lily , we be archaeologist . we do not dig something up to leave it behind . we have to take it back and study it . lily the ancient scroll say that if the Dragon Emperor awake , he will lay waste to the entire world . alex in order to raise a mummy , you need the Book of the Dead . there 's only one copy and , trust I , it 's bury under the sahara . 14 . Alex turn away , study the lid of the sarcophagus . alex this guy 's just terra cotta and bone . he could not hurt a fly . as he hand brushes over the dragon insignia , lily see the stone Chimera 's mouth snap open . lily get down ! she dive - tackle Alex and they roll under the chariot just as roaring 20 - foot jet of flame shoot out of the mouth of the chimera . when the inferno end , lily look at Alex . lily I have never see someone cheat death so many time . alex you should meet my parent . smash CUT to : ext . train station - day title superimposed on screen : agra , india . Cloud of billow steam . as it disperse , rick and evy oq 's connell be reveal . they be in the middle of a passionate kiss . they finally come up for air , look into each other 's eye , clearly still very much in love . oo 's connell happy anniversary , evy . evy peer through the view - finder of a baby brownie camera . close on : a upside down image of the Taj Mahal . evelyn remember when Alex climb that minaret ? oo 's connell yeah , I bet he a year 's allowance he could not do it . then we dodge the indian police for two hour . he smile sadly as they make they way through the throng , 15 . 0 's connell I miss be the fun dad Alex could not wait to hang out with . evelyn well , somewhere between the tomb of Egypt and the temple of persia , you son grow up . o’ connell I know and I be really proud of he . but the truth be he 's closer to you than he be to I . evelyn if you want to know what he 's up to , why do not you read he letter ? o’ connell honey , they be in ancient egyptian with joke about obscure pharaoh . evelyn he do inherit my wry sense of humor . Rick shake he head . evy try to stay positive . evelyn look , you need to reconnect with he in you own way . when you be he age , what do you like ? 0 '' connell Girls , gun ... girl . evelyn trust I , you son have no time for romantic dalliance . he 's a freshman at Yale . I be sure he 's absorb in he study . o’ connell what be you go to do when Alex finally do bring somebody home ? evelyn I will be fine ... as long as she 's a librarian . as they reach the entrance , evy scan the crowd . 16 . evelyn any sign of General okumura ? Rick point to a asian man with aristocratic feature . this be general okumura . he 's climb into a bicycle rickshaw . q’ connell look like he 's do some sightseeing . as they clamber into a rickshaw and follow ... ext . rickshaw - day Rick and evy trundle through the sweltering odyssey of decrepit traffic , market stall and cow . 0 's connell I still can not believe you talk I into spying for the british government . evelyn we be in the middle of a war , Rick . I want we to do we part . besides , I have talk you into worse . o’ connell you do not even know why you 's be follow he ? evelyn the Home Office say the less we know the safer we be . we be just suppose to observe he movement and report back . 0 's connell lucky you husband like to live dangerously . : evelyn Rick , what do you do ? Rick grin mischievously . of connell play a little poker with the Defense Minister 's brother and let he win occasionally . accord to he , okumura claim to have access to a doomsday weapon . 17 . evy 's instantly intrigue . evelyn and what might that be ? o’ connell nobody know , but the japanese High Command be not impressed . they bounce okumura and he follower out of Tokyo faster than you can say sushi . as okumura pull up in front of the Taj Mahal , he be meet by two fierce - looking sikh wear blue turban . evelyn what 's a rogue general do in India ? o’ connell that 's where the spying part come in , int . taj mahal - day Rick and evy head into the miraculous dome interior . attendant shoe ! shoe ! they turn and find a indian man point to a sign , '' no shoe ! '' Rick pull off he boot and hand they over . o’ connell Guard they with you life . now barefoot , Rick and evy dash across the marble . they surreptitiously watch as okumura and he crew head into ... int . peacock chamber - day Rick and evy hustle in , then stop in they track . there 's no sign of okumura and there 's no exit . o’ connell one way in and no way out . the wall be cover with marble relief of indian wildlife . elephant , monkey , tiger and peacock . they push and prod at the menagerie . evy sigh in frustration . 18 . evelyn I better take some picture of where the trail go cold . evy snap photo while Rick tug at a elephant statue . he yank down on its trunk , break it off . as he try to reattach it , evy line up a shot and see something . evelyn pinch my cheek . Rick quickly slip the break trunk in he pocket . o’ connell not now , honey , we have get a bad guy to catch . evelyn look through the view-finder . she hand he the camera and point to a design inlaid on the wall above a relief of a peacock . its tail feather glint with semi-precious stone . as he peer through the camera ... what he sees : view upside down , the abstract design now appear to spell out a phrase . evelyn that symbol be actually Sanskrit , except they be upside down and backwards . they spell , '' pinch my cheek '' . evy reach across , pinch the peacock 's cheek cause its '' feather '' to fan back into the floor , revealing a doorway . int . passageway - day Old brass lantern illuminate the network of moorish corridor and hallway . Rick and evy come to a recently excavate hole in the floor . distant voice echo from below . Rick drop a stone into the darkness and hear it splat . o’ connell sound soft . after you . evy take a breath , then drop in foot first . Rick follow . int . pit - day the duo torpedoe into the mud . they be up to they neck . 19 . evelyn why be the mud move ? both look down and see they have land in a pit of writhe slug ! they slither out , frantically brush slug and slime off they clothes . evelyn disgusting do not even begin to describe that . Rick pluck a slug out of he ear . evy squelch up to a filigree grille and peer out . what she sees : a giant , 50 - foot silver statue of the elephant god ganesh in the middle of a huge subterranean cavern . he hold a sword in each of he eight arm . like a sink ship , the whole place be weirdly tilt at a angle . evelyn the lose Temple of ganesh . the final repository of ... okumura ( 0.s. ) -.. the Eye of pemako . as they spin , Rick reach for he gun but come out with a handful of slug . ' they stare at okumura , who be flanke by the two sword - wield sikh . okumura when I hear the british have send the infamous 0o 's connell to spy on I , I be flatter . expertise like yours be hard to come by . ( beat ) now , I be go use it to get I the Eye . Rick point to the diamond gleam on ganesh 's forehead . oq 's connell it 's right there , get it yourself . okumura you of all people should know this ancient temple be full of hide danger . he toss a flame torch into the wide well surround ganesh , revealing a pit of slumbering crocodile . they body be entwine like a giant jigsaw puzzle . off Rick and evy 's distress ... 20 . int . temple of ganesh - day tiny oil 1 amp flicker in thousand of nich dig out of the wall . Rick stifles a yelp as he stub he bare foot on the tail of a he glance 20 - foot croc . o’ connell no gun , no shoe and we be walk across a bunch of alligator . who stay up at night and think of this stuff ? evelyn actually , honey , they be indian crocodile , far more vicious . but lucky for we , it look like they be hibernate . o’ connell Way to find the silver lining , evy . at the sword - wield sikh who be follow . 0 's connell so what do okumura want with the Eye of pemako ? evelyn they say the stone point the way to the spring of eternal life which be hide in shangri-la . 0 's connell as much as I have like to take a swig from the fountain of youth and stay this ruggedly handsome forever -- that 's a myth , evelyn you use to feel the same way about mummy . they scramble out of the pit and begin to climb the statue while the okumura ~~ rick & evy one of its gemstone . sikh stand guard at the base . watch the duo clamber up the silver behemoth . -- reach the top of the statue . evy wait behind 6 - foot ear while Rick reach for the giant he almost topple as he wrestle it free , hand the stone to evy . as she examine it , she brow furrow . 21 . evelyn Rick , this be not it . o’ connell look like a big sparkly diamond to I . she scrape the stone against the edge of ganesh 's ear , then show Rick its scar surface . evelyn diamond do not scratch . a loud metallic clanking echoe from the belly of the statue . like a giant clockwork toy , the statue grind to life . its eight arm swing they razor - sharp sword and its head nod . rick and evy try to keep they balance but tumble off . as they plunge towards the pit , Rick drop the diamond but manage to catch hold of one of the statue 's eight arm . he reach out and grab evy 's hand as she fall past he . as they dangle , Rick see a sword sweep towards evy . a second before the gleaming blade slice she in two , evy let go , scream as she drop . Rick swing up he bare foot as the sword razor under he , then look down and be relieved to see evy hang onto the end of ganesh 's trunk . okumura -- race down into the pit , bark order to the sikh , who begin climb up onto the statue . as sikh stalk towards evy , Rick be helpless until he see three of the statue 's arm converge , they sword form a makeshift staircase . Rick bound across the blade and tackle the sikh right off the statue . as they tumble sikh # 1 be impale on one of ganesh 's swinging sword while Rick and sikh # 2 crash into the croc pit . okumura -- be unaware of the commotion as he pick up the glass diamond and see it 's vein with crack . furious , he smashes it against the base of the statue , powder it . evy -- peer into the statue 's navel cavity . two eye stare back . she reach in and pull out a life-size silver skull . when she pluck it out , camera shoot into the empty hole and Zigiag between the statue 's cog and gear as they grind to a halt . 22 . camera dive towards the base of the statue as a kinetic furnace unleash a fury of hot steam . camera follows the steam into a maze of pipe and emerge through a grate under Rick , who be lie daze . he groans as he bare foot be sear . he hop out of the way , watch as the statue shudder to a stop and steam billow from 100 other grate . o’ connell evy , how do you turn off the arm and turn on the steam bath ? evelyn I be not sure , but I find the Eye . spangle of light ripple across evy as she hinge open the skull and stare at the eye . it 's a egg-size diamond with a large , pupil - shape emerald embed within it . evelyn it be inside ganesh 's belly . which make perfect sense ; you see , in indian culture , the third eye be about look inward . a bullet zip past Rick . it 's okumura . o’ connell fill I in later . okumura pop off two more shot , Rick race away , dive for cover among the sleep crocodile . as he peer through the steam , he see the eye of a croc pop open . then another and another . they be all waking up ! he slowly turn he head until he 's stare into the open eye of the croc directly in front of he . it 's get a shit -eate grin on its snout . just as the ferocious reptile lurch towards he with its jaw snap , Rick shoulder - roll to he foot and take off . 0 's connell evy , I figure out what the steam do ! evy slide down ganesh 's right leg , clutching the skull box , turn to find the cavern be shroud in a carpet of steam . evelyn Rick , where be you ? she jump down , unaware of the threat . suddenly , a shape emerge through the curtain of steam behind she . it 's sikh # 21 he 's hold a sword and creep up on she . 23 . he 's about to slice she in half when a giant crocodile leap out of the mist , vice the guy in he jaw , and drop out of frame with lightning speed . evy hear the man 's muffled cry , spin , but see nothing . when she turn back , she be startle to find Rick right next to she . she swat he . evelyn do not do that ! 0 's connell we need to go . now ! however , as they turn , okumura step out of the steam with he gun aim at Rick , okumura give I the Eye . 0 's connell do not do it , evy . suddenly , a enormous rumble boom from inside the statue and the whole place shake , throw they off they foot and send the skull box fly . okumura scramble after it , Rick right on he tail . evy follow , avoid the jaw of a dozen starve croc . okumura -- see the silver skull , be reach for it when Rick dive - tackle he . the two man exchange blow . as Rick fall back , okumura clamber for the skull . he 's just grasp it in he hand when a massive crocodile leap up and bite he arm off at the elbow . okumura drop to he knee and scream in agony . Rick scramble right past he and after the croc as another rumble echoe from ganesh . 0 's connell come here , boy . as the crocodile open its mouth to snarl , Rick see the skull box be still clutch in the palm of okumura 's severe arm which be lie on the croc 's tongue . 0 's connell good croc , Rick get a idea , pull the marble tusk from he jacket . as the croc move in , Rick thrust the tusk into its mouth , wedge it open . he reach in and grab the skull box a second before the reptile 's jaw snap shut , obliterating the marble tusk like a toothpick . Rick run back to evy , who 's try to fend off a trio of croc . they hear gunfire and turn to see okumura shoot he way out . they be completely surround by hissing croc . 24 . o’ connell I think ganesh be the god of good luck . evelyn actually , he 's the god of wealth , intelligence ... suddenly , there 's a deafening groan and the statue topple off its base . as it crash , its sword - wield arm impale the croc that be about to devour Rick and evy . evelyn «.. and remover of obstacle . the duo clamber up onto the statue , which form a bridge over the crocodile pit . int . taj mahal — day Rick and evy look like they have be drag to hell and back . Rick hold he shoulder as they cross to the shoe attendant . evelyn I should report to the Home Office and you should see a doctor . Rick hand the attendant he ticket . the man stare in shock . Rick 's shirt be rip and he face be streak with dirt and blood . o’ connell the other guy lose a be . as Rick start pull on he boot , he surreptitiously take the Eye out of its skull box and slip it into a compartment in the heel of he boot . as he tie he lace : 0 's connell now let 's get this vacation start . evy , meanwhile , notice the '' Times of India '' sit on the attendant 's chair . she pick it up and stare at the photo on the front page in disbelief . evelyn Rick , do you know someone find the first Emperor of China ? 25 . o’ connell you be kid ? who do that son - of - a- bitch willoughby finally get to do the job ? evelyn we son . she angrily spin and thrust the newspaper into he chest . evelyn vacation 's over . as she storm away , Rick peer at the front page . it feature a photo of Alex under the headline , '' o’ connell discover first emperor of china ! '' off this image ... smash CUT to : aerial view of a twinkle metropolis . camera surf past magnificent hotel , swoops over market - choke street and alley zigzagge with lantern and wash line . title superimposed on screen : shanghai , china . it do not stop until it find a bubble - gum-pink neon sign . it 's flash above a glitzy nightclub '' imhotep 's -- cocktail and dancing . OPEN 10 ' til late ! '' camera push right through the '' o '' of imhotep and into the window of ... int . '' imhotep 's '' - night it 's decorate like a egyptian fantasy . the gorgeous asian barmaid be body - paint like anck-su-namun . jonathan hold court at the bar . he 's wear a white dinner jacket and have a beautiful socialite on each arm . jonathan +.» so the entire oasis sink into the desert . I say that 's it , I be do with Egypt . it 's off to the orient to follow my true dream . and when that do not work out , I open this nightclub . he raise he champagne flute in a toast . jonathan to imhotep ! ( under he breath ) May the bastard actually stay dead . 26 . they be about to clink when the whole place go silent . Jonathan turn and see a trio of japanese officer , lead by major suki , stride towards a table of intense chinese men . the Major stare at the leader of the group , chang . chang you be in the wrong bar , they do not serve sake here . major suki show I you papers . chang I do not take order from japanese . suki 's hand edge for he weapon when Jonathan intervene . jonathan gentlemen , this club have a strict no - senseless - violence policy . major sukt this man be suspect chinese insurgent . how can you serve they kind ? jonathan I serve all kind , include japanese officer with no jurisdiction . he snap he finger , three gorgeous barmaid step over . jonathan now please enjoy my hospitality . as they lead the japanese away , Jonathan address chang . jonathan I think it 's time you find somewhere else for you little get -~ together , chang . I be a lover , not a fighter . as he turn back to the bar , Jonathan be slap across the face . he stare in surprise at evy . evelyn how long have Alex be in China ? jonathan Alex be in China ? 27 . she slap he again . o’ connell you may want to rethink you answer . evelyn my son make the biggest discovery of the century and I have to read about it in a newspaper . jonathan I try reach you in India . but I guess you be out gallivant on elephant or whatever you do on a second honeymoon . how be it ? 0 's connell crocodile , slug , secret temple , you know , the usual . jonathan maybe you two should go on a package tour next time . evelyn Jonathan ! jonathan ( finally cave ) Alex send I a telegram six month ago . he tell I he need extra money for book and would I be a good uncle and wire it to he . the next thing I know he 's on my doorstep , say he have a opportunity of a lifetime . o’ connell which part of '' world war '' make you think that be a good idea ? evelyn we send Alex to America so he would not be in harm 's way . jonathan do not blame I , he 's you son , it 's not like you two have be role model for play it safe . o’ connell where be he ? 28 . as Jonathan point upstairs and they head away , camera find Major suki observe from a booth . off he face ... int . alex 's apartment - night there 's a knock at the door . Alex swing it open , revealing lily . she step in and be surprised to see a candlelit table for two and a bottle of champagne in a bucket . lily do you always study with candlelight and champagne ? Alex feign nonchalance . alex oh that . it be a gift from the british Consulate , apparently my discovery have be a big morale boost to everybody back home . ( pick up bottle ) come on , one drink between friend before we hit the book . lily smile she agreement . with macho confidence , Alex try to open the bottle , but struggle with the cork , finally he put the bottle between he knee . lily need a hand ? alex I have do this a thousand time . it 's all in the wrist . at that moment , the cork pop and a geyser of champagne spray over he , drench he shirt . as he turn away , we see that lily be clearly charme by he awkwardness . alex give I a minute . Alex step behind a screen , take off he shirt and look for a replacement . lily sneak a peep at he reflection in a mirror and clearly like what she see . there 's a loud knock at the door . Alex call out ... alex I be busy , slip the telegram under the door . another louder knock . 29 , lily you want I to get it ? Alex pop he head around the side of the screen , hold a lamp under he chin which cast spooky shadow . alex it 's probably just a mummy . lily Alex , that 's not funny . alex ( scary voice ) - + + @ mummy ! mummy ! suddenly , the door burst open and evy stand on the threshold . he look at she in wide - eye shock . alex mummy ! Alex put down the lamp as Rick join she . evy stare in horror while Rick smile , amused by the situation . 0 's connell hey , kiddo , get lose on you way to Yale ? Alex look at evy , who be seethe . alex mum , you look upset . evelyn I pass upset two time zone ago . alex I can explain . evelyn you be half naked , consort with a bar-girl . it 's pretty self - explanatory . alex lily 's not a bar-girl . lily we’ be colleague . 30 . alex we be about to exchange valuable research , 0 's connell T bet you be . evelyn and that require candle , champagne and take off you clothes ? fluster , Alex pull on a shirt . lily Alex , I be go . you obviously have some catch up to do . good night , Mr. and Mrs. 0 's connell . alex lily , wait . as she head out , Alex turn to he parent , exasperate . alex Way to go guy , thanks . oq 's connell let I get this straight . you lie to we and we be suppose to feel bad about ruin you date ? alex it be not a -~ ( catch himself ) I do not tell you about the dig because I know what you have say . that you do not want I run around a country on the brink of war . 0 's connell yeah , we be terrible parent hold you back like that . alex you park I at Yale because you still think I be a child . 0 's connell we park you at Yale so you have live to see you next birthday . 31 . alex for you information I try to enlist . ( off they shock ) but they would not take I . Said I be 4f . bad eye . flat foot . evelyn I be afraid you inherite my family 's gene . the carnahan be not know for produce football star . just look at you uncle jon . alex when six willoughby call and say I could be of service to my country , I jump . ( to evy , excited ) mum , he 's go to make I a full bembridge scholar . 0 's connell that do not matter . but evy 's face suddenly glow with pride . evelyn full scholar ? Alex , that 's fantastic . just what we have always dream about . alex Sir willoughby be throw I a party at the british Consulate tomorrow night . . o’ connell evy , we be suppose to be mad . United front , remember ? evelyn Alex , it 's terrible you lie ... ( can not contain herself ) ... but congratulation ! give I a hug . as they hug , Rick roll he eye . evy finally break off . evelyn now , tell I more about this lily . off Alex 's embarrassment ... 32 . ext . shanghai - dawn the modern city of Art Deco skyscraper sit on the bank of the huangpu River which be home to a float city of boat and sampan . camera zeroe in on a tatter three -mast junk sit in the middle of the flotilla of vessel . int . junk - dawn tight on okumura as the hideous whine of a drill cut the air . he twist a pair of meditation ball in the palm of he good hand . pan down from the shoulder of he other arm to reveal the lose appendage have be replace by a mechanical arm a chinese engineer , wear thick magnify glass , be fine - tuning the arm 's intricately construct inner working with a drill . the man take he foot off the pedal . chinese engineer try again . okumura take the meditation ball in he metallic hand . as he finger close around they , the ball shatter in he grip . chinese engineer too strong . I need to adjust the tension . as he 's about to whir the drill back to life , okumura reach over and violently crush the tool . okumura leave it . it 's perfect . ( beat ) you have do a great service for Japan . when the storm come , you will be protect . he extend he mechanical hand . the engineer peer at it , finally reach out . he brace for a bone-crush , but be surprised when okumura gently clenches he hand . as the man hastily exit , he pass Major suki from '' imhotep 's '' . major suki the o’connells be in shanghai . okumura right on time . off okumura 's look of satisfaction ... 33. ext . shanghai STREET - night Jonathan 's custom - white , chauffeur - drive bentley crawl through the colorful sea of market stall and rickshaw . int . bentley - night Jonathan be in front while Alex be squeeze between Rick and evy in the back . they be dress up for the big party . Rick roll he eye as a elderly bicyclist pass they . o’ connell it would have be faster go by rickshaw . evy shoot he a look . evelyn Rick , this might be a good time to give Alex he present . Alex regards he dad with surprise . alex you get I a gift ? Rick sheepishly nod , hand Alex a box . o’ connell you know , in honor of you big discovery . Alex rattle it gleefully , look at evy . alex I bet it 's that new set of archaeological trowel I have have my eye on . evelyn do not look at I , you father insisted on pick it out himself . Alex rip open the lid and stare in disappointment . alex wow . a slingshot . 0 's connell it 's the super - deluxe model . it 'il knock the head off a pigeon at 100 foot . 34 , Alex try to let Rick down gently . alex thanks , dad , but I kind of hang up my slingshot when I be twelve . a man suddenly dash in front of the bentley . the chauffeur slam on the brake and jerk the car to a stop . Alex slip the slingshot into he pocket as two japanese soldier tackle the man and drag he back to a line of people who have they arm up against a wall and be be hold at gunpoint . jonathan the japanese have be crack down on the chinese resistance , o’ connell what will happen to they ? jonathan nobody know , they just disappear . alex lily say they get pack into train and send off to work camp . a couple of she friend get pick up last week . evelyn please tell I you be not dating a revolutionary . alex lily 's a student and , for the hundredth time , we be not dating . they see a japanese soldier club one of the resistance fighter and start beat he with a baton . ext . shanghai STREET - night as the soldier swing back he arm again , he baton be whipped out of he hand . the soldier spin and find Rick . o’ connell you want a fair fight , how about take a swing at I ? the soldier level he gun and start yelling at Rick . Alex race over , try to calm the situation as other japanese Soldiers circle . 35 . alex dad , get back in the car . Rick hold he ground until the beat man look at he . it 's chang , the resistance fighter , from '' imhotep 's '' . chang thank you , friend , but this be not you fight . Rick reluctantly step back and watch as the resistance fighter be load into the back of a truck . ext . british consulate - night the landscape compound sit behind 20 - foot stone wall . Jonathan 's bentley crunch to a stop in front of the palladium - style Consulate . Rick , evy , Alex and Jonathan step out . Rick be still rattle from the incident . 0 's connell I still can not believe we stand there and do nothing . alex dad , if you have do anything more , the japanese would have we kill . they practically run shanghai . 0 's connell what about the british ? do they just throw fancy party and pretend nothing 's happen ? jonathan they 's have get they hand full with the Nazis . o’ connell it 's wrong . evelyn War always be . ( beat ) now cheer up , for Alex 's sake . as they head inside , Jonathan hand the valet the key . jonathan I have memorize every inch of this beauty . one scratch and we be go to have a international incident . 36 . int . rotunda ~ british consulate - night the Emperor 's sarcophagus lie on the back of the horse - draw chariot Alex discover in the crypt . it 's be guard by three british soldier and sit under the room 's glass dome . a military band play and the expat crowd be serve by elegant chinese hostess . as Rick , evy and Alex make they way through , Alex see Jonathan ducking away . alex uncle jon , where be you go ? the mummy 's this way . jonathan I have see enough mummy to last a lifetime , but I never tire of a well - stock bar . they step to the sarcophagus . evy be captivate . evelyn fascinating . alex get a good look . they be shipping it off to England tomorrow . evelyn tomorrow ? but you have not even open it yet . o’ connell do the phrase '' rest in peace '' mean anything to you two ? evy run she hand over the sarcophagus , stop when she come across five chinese character . evelyn I do not recognize the character in this cartouche . alex they represent the five chinese element . evelyn of course ; earth , fire , water , stone , metal . alex if you believe the legend , the Emperor could control they . 37 . evelyn better hope he do not rise again . o’ connell wait . nobody 's rise again . we have be there , do that . evy , step away from the mummy . Rick and evy notice Alex be stare at something , they follow he gaze and see lily . she look radiant in a mandarin- collare silk dress , and a unusual flame - shape silver _ pendant grace she neck . she cross to Alex . lily what do you think ? alex the operative word be '' gulp . '' evy step forward . evelyn lily , we want to apologize for last night . Alex catch we a little off-guard . lily if it make you feel any better , you be all he ever talk about , Mrs. o’connell . evy smile while Rick roll he eye . lily if I could borrow Alex for a moment , the Dean of the University would like to meet he . as Alex head away with lily . evelyn I do not know , there 's something about she that bother I . o’ connell maybe it 's the fact that you son be clearly in love with she . evelyn he say they be just colleague . 38 . 0 's connell yeah , on a dig , all alone in the desert . sound familiar ? evelyn we could not stand each other . o’ connell that 's because you be impossible . evelyn and you be incorrigible . Rick smile . 0 's connell I say we step outside and settle this . she flash a sexy smile as Rick pull she out onto ... ext . patio - british consulate - night ... he take she in he arm and they passionately kiss . when they finally break off , she look into he eye . evelyn still incorrigible . willoughby ( 0.s. ) hello , Evelyn . fluster , they turn and find Sir Colin willoughby . willoughby Rick . 0 's connell Colin . willoughby Sir Colin now . 0 's connell that 's the beauty of be american -- I do not have to call you by that silly title . there 's clearly no love lose between this two . evy attempt to make peace . 39 , evelyn I be grateful you have take Alex under you wing . I know you mentorship have be invaluable . o’ connell yeah , pull he out of college behind we back , put he in danger . you be a real stand up , Colin . willoughby I suggest you teach you husband some manners . good night , Evelyn . evy wait while willoughby exit , then turn to Rick . evelyn you promise to behave ! 0 's connell that idiot 's the reason you be not a bembridge scholar . you be lucky I do not deck he . . a chinese hostess , wear a red-and - black uniform , step out hold a silver tray with a note . she bow to evy , who take the note and read it . she look at Rick . evelyn the ambassador want to see we . int . rotunda - british consulate - night Rick and evy follow the hostess through the crowd . she lead they into a hall just as the british consul hush the crowd . british consul lady and gentleman , if you will please proceed to the garden , the firework be about to begin . int . ambassador 's office - british consulate - night ambassador fenwick , a no -nonsense Brit in he 5as , drop ice into a glass while Rick and evy look on . ambassador fenwick what the devil happen at the Taj Mahal ? you have specific instruction not to engage okumura . 40 . evelyn I know that , Sir , but I assure you that what we discover will be of vital interest to the Home Office . as the ambassador take a sip of scotch , he face stiffen . evelyn Sir , if I may say , you be look a little peaky . a beat later , the ambassador keel over , revealing a chinese throwing STAR imbed in he back . 0 's connell this meeting 's definitely over ! when they spin , they come face to face with okumura . he 's flanke by two hostess who have throw star poise in they hand . as Rick reach for he gun , okumura 's metallic hand fly up and vice- grip he throat . okumura where be the Eye ? o’ connell I think you have I confuse with a twenty - foot croc with a serious case of indigestion . okumura force Rick to he knee . willoughby ( 0.s. ) I suggest you give the man what he want . evy turn and find willoughby at the doorway hold a gun on she . Rick remove the Eye from the heel of he boot and toss it into okumura 's wait hand ... int . rotunda - british consulate - night as the last guest head outside , three hostess lock the door . they smile flirtatiously at the three Soldiers . guard the chariot , then in a blur of hand expertly hurl throw star at they . the Soldiers drop to the marble , dead , just as okumura and willoughby lead Rick and evy in . evelyn ( to willoughby ) how could you do this ? you be a knight of the crown . 41 . willoughby empire come and go , Evelyn , you should know that better than anybody . Britain be the past , Japan 's the future . o’ connell stupid son of a bitch . how much yen do okumura pay you ? willoughby enough for I to suggest to the Home Office that you two should follow he to India . 0 's connell you set we up . willoughby that silly title come in handy sometimes . suddenly , the chandelier go out . willoughby grin . willoughby it 's show time . ext . garden - british consulate - night boooooom ! a cascade of firework explode overhead . Alex head through the crowd , spot Jonathan . alex any sign of mum and dad ? jonathan you know they , they be probably in some quiet 's corner snogging . Alex smile , then see lily head for the rotunda . as he follow after she ... int . rotunda - british consulate - night evy stare at willoughby in contempt . o’ connell there 's a special place in hell for people who sell out they country . willoughby I do not sell out , General okumura finance Alex 's dig . ( more ) 42 . willoughby ( cont 'd ) who better to find a mummy than a o’connell ... ( turn to evy ) ... and who better to raise one than you , Evelyn . another firework blossom . Rick and evy stare in shock as okumura hold up Zohora 's terra cotta book of the dead . evelyn impossible ! there 's only one Book of the Dead . willoughby Emperor qin shihuang have a terra cotta copy . I have be search for it for year . finally track it to a fishing village in Nepal . evelyn I implore you if the Emperor rise , he 'il ... okumura ... bring about death and destruction . that 's the point . Rick understand . o’ connell he 's you doomsday weapon . okumura Japan will win the war without a single casualty . 0 's connell it 's a mummy , not a genie . trust I , this guy only work for themselves . okumura slam Rick in the face . willoughby step to evy with the Book of the Dead . evelyn I 'il never read it . okumura shove he gun against Rick 's head . okumura if you do not , you husband die , then I kill you son . 43 . o’ connell you touch Alex and I swear to God ... okumura cock the gun . evy and Rick exchange anguish glance . finally , she succumb . evelyn give I the Book . willoughby you always be the sensible one , Evelyn . as willoughby hand she the Book , okumura step to the sarcophagus . he tap the symbol in the cartouche like a ancient combination lock . the lid split open with a deafening crack . evy and Rick watch in horror as the lid slowly slide away and Emperor qin shihuang 's terra cotta mummy rise in the purple glow of another firework . evy cautiously open the book . 0 's connell evy , do not do it ! evy ignore he plea . evelyn God forgive I . ext . british consulate - night Alex step around the side of the building , but there 's no sign of lily . some petal drop in front of he , he look up and see lily climb off a wisteria lattice and onto ... ext . roof - british consulate - night Alex climb up , do not see anyone . he step across the gravel to the glass dome , stare down , and be shocked to see evy read from the Book of the Dead . he shake he head . alex I can not take they anywhere . as another firework mushroom , he see lily shimmy down a chain and step onto the enormous crystal chandelier that dangle directly over the Emperor mummy 's sarcophagus . alex lily ? 44 , int . rotunda - british consulate - night push in on evy as she read from the terra cotta Book of the Dead . the ancient egyptian incantation echoe and firework wash everything in eerie technicolor . push in on rick as a fierce wind whip and the Emperor mummy be cocoon in crackling tongue of white hot energy . push in on okumura and willoughby watch in awe as the spectacle reach a crescendo , then subside . okumura and willoughby step forward expectantly , but the Emperor do not move . he look glossy and wet like a newly mold statue . okumura why have not the Emperor rise ? willoughby she must have misread the book ! evelyn ( indignant ) I most certainly do not ! willoughby jab the wet clay with one of he fat finger and shake he head in contempt . willoughby there 's a reason I never let this woman into the bembri-- with shocking suddenness , the . Emperor 's arm reach up and grab willoughby 's face . willoughby roar in agony as the Emperor mummy suck he life force . as the Emperor mummy 's skin harden , willoughby turn to terra cotta . finally , the Emperor mummy release he grip . willoughby fall back and shatter on the floor like a porcelain doll . Rick and evy watch in horror as the Emperor mummy lurch up and gulp he first breath of air in 2,200 year . his harden lid pop open and he stare at they with willoughby 's watery blue eye . okumura turn to they . okumura at least you can die know you have aid a great cause . as he raise he gun ... 45 . ext . roof - british consulate - night Alex watch alarmed . he get a idea , whip out the slingshot and scoops up a stone . he carefully step onto the glass rotunda and take aim at okumura . int . rotunda - british consulate - night lily be crouch on the chandelier . she pull out a dragon - hilt dagger . it look exactly like the one the Emperor use to stab Zohora . she 's about to leap down when ... ext . roof - british consulate ~ night ... Alex fire . the stone bullet through the glass ... int . rotunda - british consulate - night ... miss okumura by a mile , ricochet off the bronze chariot , ping against the chandelier , before shatter the nose of the Emperor mummy clean off . as maggot writhe out through the stub , evy turn to Rick . evelyn he 's still breakable . but Rick be follow okumura 's gaze up to ... o’ connell Alex . ext . roof - british consulate - night alex ( shaking head ) I be beyond rusty . bullet blast up through the dome . he look down to see okumura firing at he . before he have time to run , the glass rotunda spiderweb and Alex be send tumble . int . rotunda - british consulate - night as Alex plummet in a shower of glass , all hell break loose ! lily reach out , catch he arm and swing he onto the chandelier . hostess # 3 whip a throw star up at Alex . it miss he by a whisker but nick the chain hold the chandelier . before hostess # 3 can get off another star , evy smashes the Book of the Dead over she head , obliterate it . 46 . evelyn stay away from my son ! Rick slide across the floor , snap willoughby 's gun out of he terra cotta finger , and start firing at the Emperor mummy . the bullet drill right through he hard shell ina spray of desiccate bone and maggot . as Rick 's gun click empty , okumura step to the Emperor mummy 's side . okumura ( in ancient chinese ) you must come with I . everything will be explain . lily see hostess # 4 and # 5 stalking evy . as they launch they throw star , lily somersault off the chandelier and dive - tackle evy out of the way . the hostess stare in horror as they be impale by each other 's star . as the Emperor mummy see lily , he eye flash with strange recognition . then he press he palm against one of the bronze horse , cause bolt of energy to cloak the statue . Rick watch amaze as the statue angrily come to life ! they stomp they hoof and whip they metallic head . when the light show subside , the Emperor mummy and okumura climb onto the chariot . Rick be about to give chase when he hear a SNAP ! he see the chandelier have break free with Alex still cling to it . Rick roll out of the way as it smashes down while Alex fall into the sarcophagus , knock himself out . Rick shake he head . 0 's connell that 's my boy . lily dash forward , roll under the chariot and clutches the undercarriage as it speed towards the french door . ext . british consulate - night Jonathan look around , irritate . jonathan where the hell be everybody ? he 's crossing back to the house when the chariot power through the french door in a explosion of wood and glass . Jonathan dive free and stare at the Emperor mummy , who 's hold the rein , as the chariot barrel past . 47 . jonathan oh no . not again . terrify guest scatter as the four bronze horse stampede across the perfectly manicure lawn . the chariot 's two - foot wheel spike amputate the leg off a row of statue . then Jonathan see the chariot be head for a row of park car . his bentley be smack in the middle ! jonathan watch out for .... he wince as the horse smash right over it , they metallic hoof trample it to the ground . jonathan .«.. my beautiful , brand - new bentley . a canvas-roof truck skid to a stop next to he . evy be behind the wheel . Rick lean out of the back . 0 's connell get in ! we have to save Alex . before he can protest , Rick yank he into the truck . as it take off in pursuit , we see the word '' dragon firework co. , shanghai '' paint on the truck 's back - flap . the chariot speed down the drive . two guard OPEN FIRE , then scramble out of the way . the horse blast through the massive gate like a ancient batter ram . lily desperately cling to the undercarriage as the gate slam to the ground in a shower of spark and the chariot burst out into ... ext . shanghai STREET - night it 's like a demolition derby . the chariot destroy everything in its path . rickshaws , bicycle and market stall be smashed to smithereen . it plow through a open - air restaurant , send customer scramble . evy -- turn on she wiper as a deluge of chop suey and dumpling splatter across the windshield . rick and jonathan -- be jackhammered around in the back . Jonathan rant as Rick search crate of firework . jonathan God ! you two be like mummy magnet . 48 . Rick hand he a fat - ass rocket . 0 's connell aim for the Emperor . we can still shatter he . Rick rip a section of the canvas away , give he a view over the cab . he ignites the end of a firework and aim it at the chariot like a shoulder - hold rocket launcher . ext . chariot - night Alex be come around . he poke he head out of the sarcophagus and see a firework streaking towards he ! he duck back down as the projectile hiss over he and snake past the Emperor mummy and okumura . the Emperor mummy whip the horse to go faster as two more rocket follow . int . firework truck - night Jonathan grab the biggest firework . it 's a four- foot monster . he light the fuse and heave it onto he shoulder . jonathan let slip the dog of war ! kaboooooooom ! the concussive force send Jonathan fly back . the rocket scream down the street , miss the chariot , and impact with a park car , cause it to explode . the flame vehicle be launch 10 foot into the air and flip as it crash into the road right in front of the firework truck ! evy frantically jerk the wheel and violently lurch the truck up a sloping side street . int . sarcophagus - night Alex peep up over the lid , see the Emperor mummy and okumura . he 's about to make a move when he 's tackle back into the sarcophagus by lily . Alex stare at she in shock . alex what be you do ? first you be climb down chandelier , now you be jump onto chariot . be you try to get yourself kill ? lily I be try to rescue you . 49 , alex ( flatter surprise ) really ? as the chariot speed over a pothole , they be throw into each other 's arm . int . firework truck - night Rick pop he head out and stare down over the rooftop and be surprised to see they have pull ahead of the chariot that 's charge down the street below . as the truck sweep past a house that 's under construction , Rick get a idea . 0 's connell stop the truck ! evy hit the brake , send Jonathan fly onto he ass ' again . Rick dive off and grab a bicycle that 's lean against a wall . he shout back to evy . oq 's connell keep go ! Jonathan climb into the front as she take off . ext . STREET - night Rick leap onto the bike , pedal furiously towards the construction site , ride up a wooden plank and onto the roof ! now , he careen down the tile rooftop , fly right over a alley , traverse a courtyard . finally , he power down a long , sloping roof . he use it like a half - pipe , launch himself up over the street just as the chariot pass . Alex and lily disentangle themselves , stare up from the sarcophagus as Rick sail through the air . lily be that you dad ? alex yeah , he 's get a hero complex . it 's kind of embarrassing . Rick smash-land onto one of the front horse , let go of the bike , which be mangle under the clatter hoof . he pull he gun as he swing up onto the beast 's back and fire at the Emperor mummy , blasting off one of he ear . 50 . okumura open FIRE . Rick duck as bullet ricochet off the metal steed . but then one hit the harness strap and sever it in two ! no longer constrain , the horse gallop free . Rick bounce , in nut -numbing agony , as the horse head for a ornamental moon door that 's way too small ! o’ connell whoa ! Rick duck as the horse smash -drive through and out into ... ext . shanghai STREET - night a parade be in full swing . a 60 - man ceremonial dragon be weaving its way down the pack street . drummer pound and string of red firecracker bang ! Rick 's horse '' dissect '' the dragon in three , plow through the drummer , then leap over the head of the cowering crowd and into a alley . ext . another shanghai STREET - night the chariot be hurtle when the firework truck skid - turn around a corner . Jonathan lean out , gun blazing . okumura return FIRE . one of he round shatter the truck 's windshield and rip through the partition and into ... int . back ~ firework truck - night the bullet ignites a crate of firecrackers , set off a chain reaction . int . sarcophagus - night lily peek out , then look back at Alex as she climb out . lily stay down . alex lily , I have a lot more experience with mumm -- she cut he off with a kiss . he look at she in shock . lily just wait here , okay ? as he try to follow , he elbow inadvertently hit a button , which cause the lid of the sarcophagus to start to close . Alex reach up and wrestle with the jade slab . 51 . ext . chariot - night unaware of Alex 's trouble , lily stalk up to the front of the chariot . she pull out she dragon dagger , but light glint off its blade , alert okumura . as he spin to face she ... int . cab - firework truck - night ++. @ roman candle side - wind into the window . as Jonathan try to snuff it out , evy watch through the smoke as okumura shoot lily point blank . evelyn oh my God ! int . sarcophagus - night Alex have just about pried the lid open when lily tumble on top of he and the lid slam shut with awful finality . ext . alley ~— shanghai - night line of wet laundry whip Rick 's face as the horse careen down the cobble . he desperately pull on the rein , try to get it under control . he yank a pair of bloomer off he face and see he 's head straight for a -- dead end ! ext . shanghai STREET - night fizzing rocket be now burst through the firework truck 's canvas canopy as it speed after the chariot . suddenly , the wall in front of they explode OPEN and rick and the horse burst into view . Rick look back at evy and Jonathan , can not believe he make it . they point , only when Rick swing back do he see that the horse 's head have be rip clean off ! as more bullet fly , Rick grab the rein . without its head , it actually seem to respond . int . sarcophagus - night pitch black . Alex flick on a lighter , revealing lily . she 's miraculously unharme . lily any idea how to get out of here ? alex this thing usually do not have ' direction on the inside . 52 . as the chariot make a wild turn , Alex be knock onto he side and he lighter illuminate a saucer-size gold disc inlaid into the lid of the sarcophagus . it 's engrave with five sun and five moon and be ringed by a inscription . alex maybe the lock 's under here . he attempt to pry the disc out with be finger , but can not . lily try this . Alex react as she hand he the dragon dagger . alex cool knife . as he lever the disc free ... ext , wooden wharf - night it stretch out into the huangpu River . the chariot churn across the plank and barrel straight off the end ! as it arc toward the water , the Emperor mummy hold out he hand . concentric circle of blue- white energy ripple out from he palm and form a 100 - yard - wide freeze path . int . cab ~ firework truck - night evy and Jonathan watch as the chariot slam onto the ice . jonathan bloody hell , how do he do that ? evelyn he can control the five element . as she spin the wheel and follow Rick onto ... ext . wooden wharf -— night Rick hug the break neck of he horse as it speed after the chariot . he close he eye as the steed leap off the wharf and fly towards the ice . ext . river - night the bronze horse smack -slide down . it gallop after the chariot as the firework truck screech to a stop at the end of the wharf . 53 . ext . river - night the chariot speed towaxds okumura 's junk , which be sit in the middle of the freeze river . Rick have almost pull alongside , he take aim and blast the bolt attach the sarcophagus carriage to the chariot . as the sarcophagus carriage spin across the ice , the Emperor mummy swerve into Rick 's path . the chariot 's foot - long wheel - spike spark -slice through the horse 's metal leg . as the horse buckle over onto the ice and shatter apart , Rick be violently catapult free . the chariot pull up next to the junk , okumura climb onboard follow by the Emperor mummy , who wave he hand across the river , cause the ice to melt . as the ice melt from under it , the carriage plunge into ... ext . underwater ~ night the sarcophagus slide free of the carriage and nose - dive through the moonlit water . int . sarcophagus - night Water shoot through the crack . it 's fill up fast . Alex look into lily 's eye , it 's now or never . alex lily , there 's something I want to tell you before we die ... as the water overwhelm they , he manage to blurt out ... alex «+. I be in love with you . before she can respond , the space fill with water . suddenly , the sound of hammering echoe . ext . underwater - night Rick be bashing the lid with a foot - long length of a break bronze horse hoof . the lid finally crack apart and he stare into Alex and lily 's grateful face . ext . wharf ~ night the junk sail into the mist as evy and Jonathan look out into the dark water , distraught . evelyn Rick ... Alex ... 54 . as if in answer , Rick , Alex and lily break the surface and climb onto the dock . evy race to Alex , fuss over he . alex mum , I be alright . lily thanks to Mr. o’connell . o’ connell year of practice pull Alex 's fanny out of the fire . Rick do not see , but we do , that Alex be stung by he quip . meanwhile , evy look at lily , unsure . evelyn I have say you can handle yourself , too . that be some impressive move back at the Consulate . lily my mother teach I self - defense . as Alex and lily walk down the dock , evy stare after they . o’ connell evy , you have get that look , what 's wrong ? evelyn I could have swear I see okumura shoot lily . o’ connell must have miss . they hear a wolf - whistle , turn and see Jonathan stand by the smoking firework truck . jonathan come on , undead on the loose . chop. chop . as Rick and evy climb in , Alex pull lily aside . alex look , about what I say ... lily it 's okay , Alex , you be stare death in the face , 55 . as she get in , Alex shake he head . alex why could not I have just drown ? as he climb into a truck next to lily ... ext . junk - day its three triangular sail SNAP as the vessel silently sweep past mist-drape mountain . okumura stand at the bow , study a map , while he crew hustle around he . int , cabin - junk - day the Emperor mummy study he wound in a mirror . fat maggot feast on he fossilize gut which poke out of he bullet- riddled torso . there 's a knock . without turn he look up . through the bullet hole under he leave eye , a man can be see at the door behind he hold a tray of food . as the Emperor spin to face he ... ext . junk - day a blood-curdling scream ring out . the crew of japanese sailor instantly stop and fearfully look at okumura , who be study a map with a tibetan monk . okumura keep work ! int . cabin ~ junk - day the Emperor mummy hold the scream man by the face . dagger of light cut through the man and heal the Emperor mummy 's wound . as the Emperor mummy drop the man 's corpse , which smashes onto the floor , okumura be reveal . emperor mummy why do you raise I from my slumber ? the curse still weigh on I . okumura you condition be temporary . the Emperor mummy look at okumura with pierce contempt . without warning , the Emperor mummy grab okumura 's mechanical arm . as he thrust it to okumura 's throat , the metal appendage morph into a razor - sharp scimitar blade . 56 . emperor mummy the last general I trust betrayed I . how do I know you will not do the same ? the blade press into okumura 's flesh . okumura because I have find the answer you spend a lifetime seek -- the key to eternal life . the Emperor mummy let okumura go , take by surprise . okumura hand he the Eye . the Emperor mummy gaze into the massive gemstone , awestruck . okumura once the curse have be lift and you be immortal , there will be no battle you can not win , no country you can not conquer . emperor mummy Conquest require a army . okumura have no fear , you warrior will be ready . emperor mummy what do you hope to gain ? okumura step to a large globe , spin it with he finger . okumura to rule the world by you side . the Emperor mummy study the globe , intrigue . emperor mummy the world be round ? okumura yes , and much bigger than the last time you conquer it . the Emperor mummy smile malevolently . emperor mummy when the dragon roar again , you shall receive you just reward . 57 . int . '' imhotep 's '' ~ day close on : the gold disc . it 's the one Alex pried off the sarcophagus . pull back to reveal the o’connells , Alex Jonathan and lily in a booth . it 's after close . Rick juggle the skull box while Alex and lily examine the disc . lily it 's a chinese talisman . evelyn can you translate it ? alex it 's a warning to the Emperor . once awaken , he have five day to attain immortality or else he 'il turn to dust . 0 's connell so even though you mother read from the Book of the Dead , he 's not immortal ? alex not yet . he 's merely undead . jonathan where exactly do one go to attain immortality ? evy put the piece together . evelyn the spring of eternal life . that 's why okumura need the Eye of pemako , to find shangri-la . jonathan be this Eye some sort of map ? evelyn more like a beacon . if the bye be place in the Temple of whisper skull , it will point the way through the Valley - of a thousand waterfall . behind one of they be shangri-la . lily but that 's only a legend . 58 . jonathan this family 's never meet a legend that be not true . ( beat ) where exactly be this Temple ? alex Hidden somewhere in the himalayas . Alex see Rick play with the skull box , get a idea . alex be the Eye in this ? 0 's connell yeah , but I already check it over . do not find any map . alex in tibetan tradition , skull be sacred keepsake , they store memory ... Alex grab a votive candle from the table . alex ++. all we need to do be illuminate they . he flip open the skull 's lid and place the candle inside . like a ancient jack - o’- lantern , the eye project a crude map onto the wall . evelyn that 's my boy ! she hug he , but he pull away , embarrassed by the display . alex can you please not be that mum right now . they cross to the map projection . it look like a chinese silk painting and feature a stylize impression of a vast mountain range . the Temple of whisper skull be in the middle and overlook a long , narrow valley of waterfall . Alex point to the river that snake through mountain . alex look like the tsangpo River . it cut right through the himalayas and lead straight to the Temple . 59 . o’ connell explain why we friend be travel by junk . lily study a block of text at the bottom of the map . lily ( translate ) '' climb the ladder to Heaven or cross the Devil 's gorge , either path will lead to enlightenment . '' evy point to a staircase . evelyn the ladder must be this stair in the cliff face . Rick 's finger chart the tortuous overland route . 0 's connell if we can cross the gorge , we could still beat they to the Temple . jonathan or we could all die a horrible freeze death . alex Way to stay positive , uncle jon . lily not to join the chorus , but that region be completely inaccessible . o’ connell who build the temple ? alex tibetan monk . Rick grin , a plan clearly form in he head . 0 's connell maybe it 's time we find religion . smash CUT to : the himalayas . the pristine peak pierce the indigo sky like shark 's tooth . pan across line of whipping tibetan prayer flag to reveal the burn - out shell of a monastery . ' 60 . ext , tibetan monastary - day Rick , evy , Jonathan and Alex inspect the devastate interior . 0 's connell who the hell would burn down a monastary ? lily approach . lily the villager say it be ransacke by japanese soldier two week ago . all the monk be round up and put on a train . as they absorb this , Alex sniff the air . alex what 's the stench ? o’ connell smell like tequila . lily more like yak wine . jonathan yak wine ? that 's wrong in so many way . Rick pass a scorched chest and hear a wheeze noise . he put up he hand and they all stop . he pull he gun , swing open the chest , cause a tibetan monk to tumble out along with two dozen empty goat- bladder flask . this be tequila . 0 's connell look like they miss one . evelyn be he dead ? Rick lean to check he pulse . suddenly , tequila let out a god-awful belch . Rick back away , disgust . o’ connell he 's not dead . he 's drunk . underwater - trough - day ' tequila 's face plunge into view and he eye pop open with bleary shock . he 's yank back out . Rick smile . 61 . 0 's connell rise and shine , tequila . ext . monastary — day tequila have dry off and sit on a stool in he saffron - and - maroon - color monk 's attire . lily translate for Rick and Jonathan while Alex and evy pack the mule in the b.g . lily when the japanese come , he be meditate in a cave . his lama have banish he there to sober up . jonathan give new meaning to '' cold turkey '' . o’ connell ask he if he can lead we over the Devil 's gorge ? lily translate . tequila ( to lily in tibetan ) crazy round eye ! never . it 's suicide . lily ( to Rick ) he 's think about it . Rick pull out some money , fan it in front of tequila . jonathan for God 's sake , Rick , he 's a holy man . he can not be bribe . tequila greedily snatch the cash , say something to lily . lily he say he have be honore to show we the way . as tequila head away , Rick turn to Jonathan . o’ connell better pick up another mule and a six pack of yak juice for the road . montage - ext . himalayas - day tequila -~ lead the way through a mist-wreath forest . 62. a roaring white - water river -- the party gingerly lead its mule across a flimsy bamboo- and - vine footbridge . a shepherd boy -- stare with amused wonder as the gang trudge past , head towards the cloud~capped mountain . the caravan ~- be silhouett against the sky as they traverse the treacherous snow - cover spine of a mountain . mountainside -~ sharp snowflake cut the party 's progress as they wade through bank of pure- white powder . they 's be now wear heavy fur-line coat and boot . rick and evy -- emerge through the cloud onto a undulate plateau of snow and stare in awe at the surround peak . tequila -- lead the party single file along a narrow snow - cover path . it snake around the near-vertical face of a gorge . suddenly , the path disintegrate from under he . lily just manage to reach out and wrench he to safety . as the group leap over the three - foot hole , camera follows some dislodge rock as they tumble into the cloud 1,000 foot below . as the rock pass through the cloud , camera reveal the emperor mummy junk barrel down the jade - color river below . as the rock clatter across the moss - cover boulder , the Emperor mummy look up into the cloud , curious . end montage . ext . campsite - night it 's shelter under a arching overhang . evy study a map by lantern light . Alex catch she steal glance at lily , who stand by the fire confer with tequila . alex mum , you have be watch lily round the clock . what 's go on ? evelyn I be not sure , but how well do you really know she , Alex ? before he can answer , lily and Rick join they . lily tequila say we should make it to the Devil 's gorge by noon , 63 . o’ connell good . let 's get some shuteye . Alex follow Rick . alex dad , if you want to bunk with mum , I could sleep with lily . 0 's connell ( patting he on shoulder ) Nice try , kiddo . defeat , Alex step to lily , who 's get into she tent . alex so if you need anything . I / 11 be right over there . just holler or whistle or knock on my flap . lily smile . lily good night , Alex . as Alex sigh , camera find Jonathan and tequila sit by the fire . tequila roll he eye as Jonathan take another swig of yak wine . jonathan that stuff 's not bad . ( pucker lip ) once you get use to the vomit-like aftertaste . Jonathan hand back the flask and step to Rick . tequila attempt to take a drink , but find the flask be empty . as he angrily toss the flask into the fire ... o’ connell Jonathan , you take the first watch . jonathan do not worry , tequila 's get it cover . Rick look over and see tequila with he eye close . o’ connell look like he 's sleep . 64 . jonathan he 's in a very deep state of meditation . if you approach , he x11 spring into action , he 's get the reflex of a tiger . trust I , we could not be in safer hand . as they head into they respective tent , camera stays on tequila . as he begin to snore ... int . rick & alex 's tent - night Alex be practice he gun -draw technique with he shadow . o/ connell get ready for a gunfight ? Alex spin and find Rick at the threshold . alex just practice . which one do you think I should carry ? the remington or the colt . o’ connell it 's funny , you look like my son , but he speak twelve dead language , spend most of the time in the library , and hate gun . alex yeah , well , I realize that girl be not interested in that kind of guy . o’ connell by girl you mean lily . Alex slump onto he sleep bag . alex I have be in love with she since the first time we meet , I think she like I , too , but there 's something hold she back . I finally figure out what it be . ( beat ) she want I to be more like you . o’ connell Alex , when I be you age , I be a macho jerk who wander around the world look for a good time . 65 . alex yeah , but you be heroic and always save the day and woman be throw themselves at you , right ? Rick shrug , modestly . o’ connell well , yeah , sure . alex we share the same gene , dad , so my heroic side 's get to be in there somewhere . how do I find it ? Rick look at Alex , it 's everything he 's ever want to hear from he son , but he weigh he response carefully . o’ connell you really want my advice ? alex I be in you hand . oq 's connell be yourself , Alex . if lily do not recognize what a great guy you be , then she 's not the one . off this father - and - son moment ... int . evy & lily 's tent - night evy and lily be in sleep bag . both read by lantern light , evy casually look up from she book . evelyn Alex be tell I that tibetan be one of the most difficult language to master . your be excellent . lily I have be study it at university . evelyn be that so , because when I call they have no record of you be register in any department . only now do lily look up . 66 . lily why be you check up on I , Mrs. 0 's connell ? evelyn because nothing about you seem to add up . you lie about be a student and you take a interest in Alex just when he start search for the Emperor . lily hold evy 's gaze . lily my intention be as noble as yours . evelyn what about Alex ? you know he 's madly in love with you . I have hate to think you be use he . lily I care deeply about you son , Mrs. O'Connell . that 's the truth . evelyn Alex may be well - travel , but he 's naive when it come to affair of the heart . if you hurt he , you be go to have to answer to I . ( beat ) good night , lily . off lily shake , as evy turn off the lantern . ext . campsite - night as the light go out in evy and lily 's tent , camera track through the flurry snow . it drift past tequila , who 's fast asleep and now have tiny icicle dangle from he nostril . it continue into the bleakness until it find two emerald GREEN eye watch the camp from the shadow . ext . decrepit jetty - tsangpo river ~- day the crewmen bow as okumura lead the Emperor mummy down the gangplank . they join Major suki and the tibetan monk . major suki he say this be the ladder of Heaven . it lead to the Temple . 67 . they stare up at the crumble stone staircase that zigzag up the sheer cliff face . the Emperor mummy and okumura follow as suki and the monk lead the ascent . ext . mountain ~ day tequila guide the o’connells up a steep snowbank and onto the crest of a 1,000 - foot - wide chasm . he nod to lily . lily this be it . the Devil 's gorge . as they cross to the gondola that 's perch on the edge of the precipice ... ext . ladder to heaven - day the Emperor mummy and okumura be follow by a entourage of japanese soldier . suddenly , a section of the step break away , send Major suki and the monk plunging to they death . the Emperor mummy put he hand on the cliff and replacement slab erupt out of the stone . as he climb on ... ext . devil 's gorge - day the gondola be suspend on a rope connect to two wooden tower on either side of the chasm . it 's shape like a boat and its extravagantly paint side be fade with time . int . gondola - day Rick and Alex sit in the bow , furiously turn the handle of a set of wooden winch . evy , lily , Jonathan and tequila sit behind they with they weight evenly disperse . jonathan come on , lad , put you back into it . we have not get all day . Rick and Alex exchange a look . o’ connell it would be a lot easier if we have one less passenger . Jonathan turn away , chastise . he look over the side and peer through a patch of tear cloud and see that the valley 3,000 foot below be cover with evil- look stalagmite . jonathan why do not I give you boy a hand . 68 . as he make he way to the front of the gondola , there 's a horrible snap . all look up as the rope break and the gondola plummet into the cloud . jonathan we be all go to ... the gondola smack down on the very edge of the gorge . it teeter for a moment , then dip forward and surf down the mountain , jonathan -+- giiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiie ! ext . mountain - day the gondola power through the snow , pick up speed . it slam across a plain of mogul , jackhammering everyone inside . the plain narrow into a smooth -walled channel of ice . like a oversize toboggan , the gondola tear down the narrow chute . as the passage open up , the gondola fly across a 30 - foot chasm . it do not stop as it smash - land back to earth . it plow on , rip a path through the line anchore 1,000 tatter prayer flag before crashing to a stop in a massive snowbank . there 's a eerie silence before Rick pop out of the snow and find himself stare into the eye of a skull . it 's one of a million that be embed in the wall of the temple of whispering skull . 0 's connell I think we find we temple . it look like a square - tiere wedding cake and be crown with a golden stupa . the structure be perch on the edge of a ridge overlook the Valley of a thousand waterfall . the other join Rick as he stare out at the breathtaking vista . evelyn look like we beat they here . alex the Emperor 's only get until dawn tomorrow to become immortal or he turn to dust . Rick pull a Thompson machine gun from a saddlebag . 69 . o’ connell let 's roll out the welcome mat . ext . ladder of heaven - day the Emperor and okumura climb the last step and smile as they peer at the Temple of whisper skull . as they trudge across the gravel to the front door , the soldier follow . int . balcony - temple of whispering skull - day as the wind washes across the skull wall , it create a ghostly whispering sound . Rick , evy , Jonathan , Alex and lily be position along the balcony overlook the entrance , they weapon train on the Emperor mummy . tequila sit in a corner , madly spin a handheld prayer wheel , as Rick give the signal and they OPEN FIRE ! camera follows a line of bullet . as they spiral towards the Emperor mummy , the gravel in front of he spring up and form a tight , defensive wall which absorb the deafening assault . as they gun rattle empty , the o’connells peer through the smoke and look at the wall in shock . 0 's connell there 's a neat trick . the Emperor snap he finger , cause the gravel wall to split apart and rocket towards the Temple . they dive for cover as the fury of granite projectile explode through the skull wall in a ecstasy of shattered bone and tooth . as they scramble up , Alex look around and realize lily 's go . alex where 's lily ? ext . turret - temple of whispering skull - day lily put she flame - shape silver pendant to she lip and blow . a high - pitched whistle echoe across the valley . int . inner courtyard - temple of whispering skull - day rod of light cut through the riddled wall as Rick , evy , Alex and Jonathan barrel towards the back door . before they reach it , the door fly open and three japanese soldier stride in . we heroes spin back just as the Emperor mummy and okumura sweep in . Rick and the other drop they gun and put up they hand in surrender . okumura I be afraid this be where you adventure end , Mr. O'Connell . 70 . as he raise he weapon , a paint-peel howl reverberate . they look up and see a 10 - foot yeti on the roof of the courtyard , silhouett against the sun . jonathan what on God 's earth be that ? tequila ( terrify ) yeti . four more yeti join the chorus and leap onto the surround turret . despite they size , they move with fast , ape-like agility . they be cover head to toe in thick white fur and have pierce emerald - green eye . as they lethal saber ~ tooth jaw suggest , they be far from cuddly . the yeti spring down into the courtyard , cause the building to shake as they land , and go on the attack . a yeti grab two japanese Soldiers and effortlessly fling they into a wall , knock they out . Jonathan and tequila take cover behind a giant go as mayhem ensue . a yeti somersault in front of Rick and Alex , yank they into the air , and be about to slingshot they when lily issue it a sharp guttural order . it obey , unceremoniously drop they to the floor , and spring away . Rick look at Alex . 0 's connell she speak yeti ? Alex be just as shocked . alex apparently . lily see the Emperor mummy head for the stair . she unsheathes she dragon dagger and hurl it . camera follows as it spin through the chaos and nail the Emperor mummy in the shoulder . he roar in pain and light explode out of he wound . he wrench the biade free , stare at lily in surprise , then whip the weapon back at she . she dive away and the dagger be impale in a column . concerned , okumura race to the Emperor 's side and place the Eye in he palm . okumura you must put the eye in the stupa . with he eye still fix on lily , the Emperor mummy head for the stair . 71 . alex come on , dad ! we can not let he get to the roof ! Rick follow Alex . he 's almost catch up when okumura step out from behind a statue and smash - punch he in the gut . Rick fly back into a wall of skull , wind . then he dart out of the way as okumura come at he again . okumura 's metallic fist pulverize a skull . Rick swing a punch , but okumura catch it and crush Rick 's hand . suddenly , a long brass candlestick whip across okumura 's back . he angrily spin and find evy . he violently hand - ram she in the chest , send she slamming into a altar , knock she out . o’ connell evy ! enrage , Rick barrel into okumura and the fight be on ! the Emperor mummy be march across the balcony when a yeti leap in front of he . fearless , the Emperor mummy grab the yeti by the throat and instantly freeze the beast ! the yeti tumble back through the wooden railing and smashes into a couple of japanese Soldiers who be stalking lily in the courtyard below . as the Emperor mummy continue he climb , Alex be reveal follow . Rick and okumura slug it out against the frame of a massive bronze prayer wheel . okumura 's fist splinter the wooden support , freeing the wheel which power across the courtyard like a ancient steamroller . as they continue to battle , lily trade martial - art move with a japanese soldier . in a awesome display , she spinfkick the guy into a yeti , who pick he up and javelin-throws he into the giant go . as it boom , Jonathan and tequila emerge , shaking . Jonathan see the prayer wheel thundering towards they . he tackle tequila out of the way . as the wheel bulldozer through the wall , they be bury in a mound of skull . okumura pummel Rick with a series of brain -numbing punch . finally , Rick slump to he knee , spend . okumura smile . okumura once the Emperor be immortal , all Americans will bow at my foot . 72 . as okumura jack he arm back to deliver the death blow , a yeti grab it . okumura scream as the creature catapult he straight over the temple wall . ext . ladder to heaven - day okumura fly over the cliff and plummet towards the cloud . as he fall , he reach out and grab onto one of the stone step with he metallic hand . int . courtyard - temple of whispering skull - day Rick grin up at he furry savior . 0 's connell I owe you one , buddy . Rick scramble over to evy , who be come around . evelyn I 'il be fine . go help Alex . as Rick head up the stair , Jonathan and tequila pull themselves out of the pile of skull . when they turn , they come face to face with a yeti . as they scream , the yeti scream back and they be blast by spit and noxious breath . terrify , the duo hurtle out through the hole in the wall . ext , stupa - temple of whispering skull - day the Emperor mummy be climb the step that run up the golden dome stupa . Alex be lining up a shot , have he dead in he sight , when Rick burst out from below . the Emperor mummy spin , point to a bronze flagpole . it rip free , fly through the air head straight for Rick . alex dad ! watch out ! Alex push Rick out of the way and cry out as the pole impale he like a spear . Rick look over as Alex collapse . 0 's connell Alex ... Rick kneel at Alex 's side , realize he 's die . o’ connell hang on . you hear I ! Rick see the Emperor mummy have make it to the top of the stupa . Rick whip out four stick of dynamite , tie they with a bandana and torch they fuse . he stand . 73 . 0 's connell taste some 20th - century firepower , you bastard ! he hurl the impromptu bomb . it spin -spark through the air and right over the Emperor mummy 's head . he look at Rick mockingly as it explode in midair and its boom ricochet across the mountain . the Emperor mummy turn back . he 's about to slot the Eye into place when a deep reverberating crack echoe and a massive shelf of snow begin avalanching down the mountain towards the temple . push in on rick as he smile with satisfaction . o’ connell ai not mother nature a bitch . push in on the emperor mummy as he realize he 's in seriously deep shit . he open he mouth in a furious roar . angle on avalanche as a giant impression of the Emperor 's roaring face appear out of the snow . int . courtyard - temple of whispering skull - day as the sound of the avalanche rumble , the yeti freeze . lily pull the dragon dagger from the column as she shout to evy . lily avalanche ! take cover ! as evy dive under the altar , lily cluck a order to a yeti . ext . stupa - temple of whispering skull - day . the Emperor mummy slow the avalanche 's progress , but the exertion be take its toll . he grimace in pain . angle on avalanche . the snow impression of the Emperor mummy 's face react in confusion , then crumble . now the wall of snow speed unfetter towards the temple . as the Emperor stand defiant , Rick hug Alex . a yeti leap up as the avalanche slam into the stupa , scoops Rick under one arm and Alex under the other . it springboard away as the Emperor mummy be sweep away in the freezing tsunami . 74 . ext . temple of whispering skull - day the tidal wave of snow wash overhead as the yeti , clutching Rick and Alex , hit the ground . Jonathan and tequila be not so lucky , they stare in horror . jonathan / tequila oh dea --/ Holy shi-- they cry be lose as they be catch up in the torrent . ext . ladder to heaven - day okumura have haul himself up and be catch he breath when the avalanche vomit towards he . off he panic ... ext . temple of whispering skull - day the last of the white wave wash over the temple , leave it submerge in snow . silence descend . camera pan to reveal a yeti sniff the air with he bear- like nose . he take three step , punch into the snow , and yank out Jonathan and tequila . they dangle upside down . jonathan well do , you big ugly brute . a St. Bernard could not have do better . although I do not suppose you come with one of that little barrel of brandy , do you ? the yeti snarl and drop they . they pick themselves up and race to evy and lily , who climb out the front door . evy see Rick cradling Alex ; horrify , she run over . he 's deathly pale and a circle of blood stain the snow . o’ connell come on , Alex ! say something ! Alex look up weakly . alex I be sorry ... I do not stop he . his eye roll back as he lose consciousness . o’ connell you be not die on I ! evy cradle Alex 's head in she hand . evelyn sweetie , stay with we . 75 . Rick look at she , distraught . o/ 's connell I can not stop the bleed . lily step in , flanke by the yeti . she look at Alex , anguish , make up she mind . lily we ’1ll take he to shangri-la . 0 's connell that 's go to be kinda hard without the Eye . lily I x11 show you the way . o’ connell how be you gonna do that ? evy study lily 's face , it all start to make sense . evelyn because shangri - La be she home . off Rick 's stunne reaction ... ext . valley of a thousand waterfalls - day waterfall cascade as far as the eye can see . the party be escort by four yeti while the one carry Alex lead the way . Rick step to lily 's side , look at he son . . o’ connell how 's he do ? lily cluck to the yeti carry Alex . it cluck back . lily he 's weak but hold on . he be brave to do what he do . he must get that from you . rick smile sadly . lily gently stroke Alex 's face . lily if I have destroy the Emperor , Alex would be okay . evelyn be that what you have be try to do ? 76 . she nod . lily I be sorry I could not be honest with you or Alex . but I be swear to protect shangri - La at all cost . evelyn why be you break that promise now ? lily look at Alex , then at evy , finally confess . lily because I love you son . the yeti hold Alex stop in front of a raging waterfall and gently place Alex in Rick 's arm . lily the yeti be the guardian of shangri - La , but they can not enter the realm . ( be : waterfall ) step through . int . grotto ~ day they distort silhouettes be visible through the rippling curtain of water . they emerge on the other side bone dry . lily cross to the beautiful lotus - shape fountain that bubbles up in the middle of the cavern . evelyn the spring of eternal life . lily cup a handful of water and splashes it across Alex 's wound . they watch as Alex miraculously heal . alex mum ... dad . evy look at lily . evelyn thank you . Alex groans as he sit up . Rick and evy smile , relieved . alex where be we ? 77 . o’ connell you girlfriend 's place . alex dad , she 's not my girl -- before he can finish , lily kiss he , overjoy by he recovery . as he blushes in delight , two robed men appear . lily first you must disarm , no weapon or worldly possession be allow in shangri-la . lily gesture to the golden cauldron that be pile against the wall . some contain weapon while other overflow with gold , diamond and priceless jewel . jonathan this place make hamunaptra look like a piggy bank . evelyn no sticky finger , Jonathan . Rick pull out a inordinate number of gun and knife that be hide on he body , realize everyone be stare at he . o’ connell what ? ext . shangri -la -— day now disarm , the gang step out and stare in wonder at the valley below which be line with terrace of paddy field , tropical orchard and silky waterfall . a village of pagoda - like house sit on the bank of a glimmer lake . jonathan now this be more like it . a ominous go boom across the valley . lily my mother 's ready for we . int . royal pavilion - shangri ~ LA - day a woman , in a distinctive embroider silk robe , stand on a balcony . only when lily enter do the woman turn and we see it 's zohora . she_has not age a day in over 2,000 year . 78 . zohora my child . they warmly embrace . lily hand she the dragon dagger . zohora have the Emperor be destroy ? lily there be a few complication . zZohora react as the o’connells , Jonathan and tequila enter . jonathan you have get quite a place here , ( as evy elbow he ) but I be sure you already know that . lily without they bravery , the Emperor would have discover shangri-la . zohora . I understand , but I let you out into the world to prevent the Emperor 's return . you be not to involve mortal . 0 's connell believe it or not , some of we mortal have experience in the mummy department . zohora I be well aware of you family 's exploit , Mr. o’connell . which be why I send lily when I learn you son be search for the Emperor 's tomb . guilty , lily look at Alex . lily Alex , I want to tell you , but -- alex it 's easier to say you do not date colleague than admit you be a immortal from shangri- La . I understand . lily smile , relieved . Rick look at Zohora . 79 , 0 's connell the Emperor may be down , but he 's not out . he still have twelve hour to find this place . zohora I have already dispatch a party of yeti to retrieve the Eye . without it , he cannot find the spring and break the curse . 0 's connell with all due respect to you furry friend , they be no match for a mummy . zohora no one know the Emperor better than I do , Mr. o’connell . I be the one who curse he . ( off they surprise ) I find the Book of the Dead . as a reward , the Emperor stab I and murder the only man I ever love . flashback to : ext . himalayas - night Zohora ride through the blind snowstorm . zohora ( v.o . ) I escape into the night and ride for day . weak , she finally topple off she horse and land in a powdery drift , still clutching the terra cotta Book of the Dead . a shadow fall across she face . she look up and see the outline of a yeti silhouett against the moon . zohora ( v.o. ) the yeti find I as I lay die . int . grotto - dawn zohora ( v.0o . ) they sense I be with child and bring I to the spring . the yeti gently lay Zohora next to the gurgling spring . 80. zohora ( v.o. ) I know I would not survive the night , so I use the Book to enchant the spring . whoever drank from it would become immortal . Zohora whisper a incantation from the Book , cause the spring to bubble with light . as Zohora drink , the camera follows a trail of water as it flow out and cascade into ... ext . valley - dawn the bleak ice landscape undergoe a magical transformation . tree and vegetation sprout , mature in second , melting the snow which form the sparkling lake , zohora ( v.o. ) and so shangri - La be bear . it 's a yeti word that mean '' valley of dream '' . I see it as a utopia from a world that grow crueller by the day . here we would be safe from the Emperor and tyrant like he . the freeze waterfall that ring the valley begin to gush . zohora ( v.0o . ) over the century , the yeti bring lose and die traveller to the spring . we see a motley collection of people step through the waterfall from every race and era : crusader knight , renaissance trader , victorian explorer . zohora ( v.o. ) all choose to stay and make this they home ... int . grotto - shangri - LA - day a new arrival , fu , wear he threadbare imperial robe . he toss he purse into one of the golden cauldron . zohora ( v.0 . ) ++. except one . he be among we first inhabitant . a imperial eunuch name fu . he express gratitude that I have freed he from the Emperor 's tyranny , but secretly he wish to bring he master back . 81 . int . zohora 's chamber - night while Zohora sleep , fu climb through the window and cross to the Book of the Dead which sit on she desk . zohora ( v.0o . ) so he steal the Book of the Dead . ext . himalayas - day fu gallop along a narrow mountain path overlook a river when a yeti leap in front of he . as fu try to spin back , another yeti nail he in the heart with the dragon dagger . zohora ( v.0o . ) the yeti track he down , but the Book be lose to antiquity . fu scream as he body rapidly age . as he wizen corpse fall from the saddle , the backpack with the Book tumble over the cliff and drop into the river below . underwater - day the book slowly twist into the darkness . end flashback . int . royal pavilion - shangri - LA - day zohora I fear that someday it would be find and use to raise the Emperor . now that day have come . o’ connell well , I be not go to wait around here until he come knock . Zohora nod she understanding . zohora if you insist on face the Emperor , you be go to need this . she hand he the dragon dagger . zohora it 's the dagger he stab I with . I enchant the blade . it 's the only weapon that can kill a immortal . but it must pierce he heart . 82. Rick nod he thanks , then turn to evy . o’ connell come on , evy. ( to Alex ) Alex , you stay here with Jonathan and tequila . as rick step to the door , Alex block he way . alex dad , I be go with you . 0 's connell you almost die out there . I will not let that happen again . alex I can take care of myself . you have to stop treat I like a child . 0 's connell sorry , I be you dad . it 's a occupational hazard . off Alex 's frustration as Rick and evy head out . ext . cliff face - day camera sweep up past the remain of the ladder of Heaven and find okumura struggle up the sheer rock face with he metallic arm . he finally pull himself over the top . ext . mountain - day as he lie panting , he see five yeti watch he predicament . as they step towards he hold spear , one of they stop , sniff the air , as though sense danger . with shocking suddenness , two giant arm form of snow reach out of the ground , grab the creature by its leg , and yank it straight down into the snow . in violent succession , the other yeti be pull under until they have vanish . the arm morph into the Emperor 's dragon insignia . okumura scramble away as the insignia melt and the emperor mummy 83. be reveal lie in the circular pit . his torso be craze with crack and half he face have break off , revealing he maggot- infest skull and brain . still clutching the Eye , he walk up the smooth - wall trench that magically melt before he . it lead straight to the top of the stupa . okumura watch as the Emperor mummy place the Eye into the circular depression that 's hollow out of the bronze flame that still grace the top of the stupa . as sunlight hit the Eye , the flame glow and a circle of emerald light explode out across the valley . slowly , the band narrow until it 's a single line of light which pinpoint one of the waterfall on the far side of the valley . off the Emperor mummy 's smile of satisfaction ... ext . waterfall - day Rick and evy step out from behind the thundering cascade and be greet by two yeti guard . as one lead Rick and evy up the path snow begin to swirl . Rick look up as the sun be smother by black storm cloud . off this ominous portent ... ext . jetty - lake - shangri - LA - night Firefly dance across the water . lily stand in the golden moonlight with she back to Alex as he approach . alex I have give a penny for you thought , but you do not allow money in here . when she do not turn , he come around and see tear shimmer down she face . lily Alex , this be not go to work between we . alex look , if it 's the age difference ? because I have no problem dating a older woman . she put a finger to he lip . lily you have to understand I be go to live forever . 1/11 be here until earth 's die light . 84 . alex then I x11 drink from the spring , too . we can watch the end of the world together . lily if you do that , you could never leave shangri- La . I know you , Alex , you could not spend eternity stick on the sideline . alex come back to shanghai , it 's not paradise , but at least we 'il have each other . lily I can not leave here again and I can not ask you to stay . distraught , she walk away . Alex call after she . alex lily , wait ! there must be a way . lily look back , she heart break . lily I be sorry , Alex . as she head off , teary eye , camera find Zohora watch . off she look of maternal resignation ... int . lily 's chamber - night Zohora enter and find lily lie on she bed . Zohora gently sit on the edge of the bed . zohora I know that once I let you into the world that you would not want to return . you have you father 's restless spirit . lily wipe she tear as she slowly turn to face she . lily out there I feel emotion I never have . fear , exhilaration ... zohora «+. love ? 85 . lily nod . zohora do you want to spend the rest of you life with Alex ? lily I would like the chance to find out . zohora be you prepare to sacrifice you immortality ? lily if only that be possible . zohora it be . lily stare in surprise as Zohora hold up a small blow - glass bottle contain a aqua-blue liquid . zohora once you drink this , you can never return to shangri-la . lily mother , why be you do this ? Zohora look into she daughter 's eye . zohora because after 2,000 year , I think it 's time you choose you own destiny . off this emotional moment ... ext . mountain path - night snow be come down thick and fast . a bitter wind wail . Rick and evy struggle through the blizzard when the yeti walk in front of they be suddenly yank into the snow . Rick spin back , catch a glimpse of the Emperor mummy and okumura . as he race towards they , '' snow arm '' burst up and wrap around he leg . as he be drag down , Rick grab the dragon dagger and slice through the arm that 's pull he under in a spray of hot steam and white light . as another '' snow arm '' twist up , Rick cut it in two and dive for evy . he grab she arm a second before she be yank under . 86 . it 's a desperate tug - 0 '- war but finally , he pull she torso free and hack the arm that 's hold she . as the amputate '' limb '' thrashes like a behead snake , Rick and evy take off after the Emperor mummy . int . grotto - night moonlight filter through the curtain of water as the silhouettes of okumura and the Emperor mummy appear . they step through and the Emperor mummy stare at the spring . okumura you search be finally over , my Lord . the Emperor slowly turn to face he , smile . emperor mummy kneel and swear allegiance to I . okumura ( confuse ) but we have a agreement . I be to rule by you side . the Emperor mummy poke he finger into okumura 's forehead . his skin smoke like it 's be sear by a cigarette lighter . emperor mummy there be only one emperor . in agony , okumura fall to he knee and bow . okumura I serve only you . the Emperor mummy remove he finger , step into the spring of eternal life and hungrily gulp the water . as the water course over he body , it sparkles with energy . a new brain form in he break head , a new eyeball sprout and skin graft across he crack torso . he roar in triumph ... emperor mummy the world be mine . as he fill a silver flask with spring water ... int . chamber - night Jonathan and tequila be wrap in towel , lie side by side , get massage from a quartet of stunning girl . jonathan now this be what I call paradise . 87. suddenly , the shutter blow open and they breath fog . jonathan be it I or do it just get chilly ? they peer out the window and see a wave of ice sheet out across the valley from the mouth of the cavern . ext . shangri - LA - night terrify resident run in panic as Jonathan and tequila burst out , half naked . they struggle to put on they clothes as they race over to Alex . alex the Emperor 's here . jonathan where be you parent when we need they ? ( realize ) oh God , I hope nothing 's happen -- alex you can not think that way , uncle jon . Zohora and lily run up . zohora you must leave shangri-la . lily will show you the way . alex I be not go anywhere . lily Alex , if you try and fight the Emperor here , you will lose . zohora the Emperor will return to he palace and use the spring water to raise he army . you must unlock the River of spirit before he warrior reach the great Wall . alex River of spirit ? zohora that 's the only way to stop they . lily will explain . 88 . the ice sweep across the lake towards the village . zohora now go ! the fate of the world depend on you . as they race away ... ext . village - night total chaos . people scream as ice wash down the street , freezing everything in its path . as Zohora spin back , she see the Emperor mummy . his eye flash with surprise . emperor mummy Zohora , I think you bone would be dust by now ... but you be as beautiful as the day you betrayed I . zohora my only regret be that I do not kill you when I have the chance . emperor mummy then I would never have meet you daughter . she possess you beauty and she father 's courage . she will make a even better queen than you . Zohora react in desperation . zohora you fight be with I . spare lily and my people . I beg you . the Emperor mummy smile menacingly as he step closer . emperor mummy they shall feel the full wrath of you curse . her terrify subject watch as the Emperor mummy grab Zohora and kiss she . he stand back and watch as the terra cotta curse wash over Zohora and she people . ext . mountain path - night Rick and evy race through the blind snow and arrive at the entrance to shangri- La , but find the yeti Guard dead and the waterfall freeze solid , 89 . rick we’ be too late ! evy pound on the solid ice curtain , grief stricken . evelyn Alex ! ext . jungle - night Alex and the gang run with a throng through the tree . suddenly , the crowd suffer the same fate as the warrior in the open and turn to terra cotta . as the path open onto a waterfall , Jonathan stop , untouched by the curse . jonathan why do not we turn into lawn ornament ? alex the curse must only affect immortal . they all turn to lily . she hold up the glass vial Zohora give she . it 's now empty . Alex realize she sacrifice . alex oh God , lily , I never mean for you to -- lily it 's okay , Alex . it be my choice to make . the moment be break by the sound of ice crackling through the jungle . they scramble through the waterfall and into ... int . cavern - night lily point to a tunnel . lily follow the trail , it x11 lead you out through the mountain . she step back to the waterfall . alex where be you go ? lily I will not let my mother face the Emperor alone . ( more ) 90 . lily ( cont 'd ) ( kissing he ) I love you . she dive back through the waterfall just before it freeze . alex lily , no ! Alex race forward , pound the ice wall , but it 's futile . ext . village - shangri - LA ~ night lily run past the petrify citizen until she see the Emperor mummy stand in front of Zohora 's terra cotta form . lily mother ! she lunge at the Emperor mummy . but okumura intercept she and force lily to she knee . lily I will never bow to you . emperor mummy I do not expect you to bow . I expect you to share my bed and pay for you mother 's sin . off she look of defiance ... ext . mountain — day sunlight bleed across Alex , Jonathan and tequila as they trudge over the harsh , windswept snowscape . jonathan exactly how far be the Emperor 's palace ? alex about a thousand mile . jonathan perfect , so if we do not die of frost bite , we should be there sometime next year . a buz SOUND echoes . jonathan hopefully , that 's a herd of yeti to the rescue . 91 . as the sound grow louder , Alex shout ... alex get down ! all dive as two silver cargo plane roar overhead . ext , frozen lake ~— day the Emperor mummy and okumura wait with lily as the plane touch down on the ice . emperor mummy machine that can fly . I often dreamt of such a thing . as the Emperor mummy , lily and okumura head for one of the plane , they pass 10 wooden mule cart pile with the treasure - fill cauldron from shangri- La . as six japanese soldier begin load the cauldron into the other plane ... ext . ridge - day Alex , Jonathan and tequila cautiously creep up to the edge and peer down into the valley . Alex catch sight of lily as she disappear up the gangplank of the plane . alex lily ! he 's about to charge after she when a hand pull he back . Alex spin in surprise and be overjoy to find rick and evy ! alex mum ! dad ! thank god. all embrace . Rick look down at lily 's plane as it begin to taxi across the lake , then turn back to Alex . o’ connell we will get she back , son . I promise . off Alex 's distress as the plane lift off ... ext . runway - day the japanese Soldiers have pair up and be struggle to carry the last three cauldron into the plane . 92 . int . cargo plane - day the Soldiers put the cauldron down . they be catch they breath when Rick erupt out of a cauldron in a explosion of coin and fist . he punch out two of the Soldiers and grab they gun as they crumble . then evy and Alex burst up and punch out another two Soldiers . however , the last two Soldiers swing up they weapon . a tense stand -off . of connell now would be a good time , Jonathan . Jonathan pop out of a cauldron behind the Soldiers , brandish a jewell scepter , and take they both out . jonathan the old Ali Baba trick , work every time . : o’ connell where the hell be you ? jonathan ( be : scepter ) sorry , get a little distract . int . cockpit - day the pilot be check the gauge when the nose of a machine gun dig into he neck . pull back to reveal rick . o’ connell Change of flight plan . ext . runway - dusk as the plane soar into the cloudless sky , reveal the six japanese Soldiers shiver in the snow in they underwear . ext . sky - night moonlight flash off the plane 's metallic body as its propeller churn through the cloud at 20,000 foot . int . cockpit - night tequila be drink sake while Jonathan be confer with the Pilot in pigeon japanese . Rick enter . jonathan my japanese be a little rough , but he say we be not far from the Emperor 's palace . 93. o’ connell do not take you eye off he . Jonathan awkwardly hold up he gun . jonathan he 's go to feel my gaze boring into the back of he head . Rick step back into ... int . cabin - cargo plane - night ... evy and Alex be wait . alex Zohora say we have to unlock the River of spirit . it 's the only way to stop the warrior . o’ connell chinese history be you forte , kiddo . any idea what she be talk about ? alex the Emperor throw the body of he enemy in a river that stretch thousand of mile across China . legend have it that he slaughter so many people , the river run dry . evy 's mind whir as she put it together . evelyn the water may be go , but the spirit of the dead still flow through it . where be this river ? alex there . Alex point out the window as the plane bank revealing the great Wall in the distance . alex the Emperor build the great Wall over it . evelyn so the Wall 's really a giant tomb . Alex nod . 94 . alex the Emperor must have fear that the vanquish spirit would come back and seek revenge . he build the Wall to keep they in . 0 's connell great , all we have get to do be unlock this ghost river before the mummy and he terra-cotta army take over the world . evelyn thankfully nobody 's spend more time in tomb than the three of we . or at least , anyone with a pulse . a explosion boom up from the ground . they all rush into ... int . cockpit - night Rick grab binocular and look out the window . what he sees : a fireball consume a railroad bridge that _ traverse a wide desert chasm . as the bridge collapse ... the Pilot use the distraction to surreptitiously reach under he seat and unsheathe a razor- sharp dagger . 0 's connell look like a railroad bridge . guess they do not want anyone gatecrash the palace . the plane tilt . evelyn we 's be veer off course . jonathan ( to Pilot ) hey , no funny business . when he nudge he with the gun , the Pilot slump back , revealing the dagger protrude from he chest . jonathan bloody hell , he 's stab himself ! alex he commit hara-kiri . it 's a japanese ritual . ( more ) 95 . alex ( cont 'd ) they believe it 's more honorable to kill yourself than face the humiliation of capture . jonathan that 's crazy ! the honorable thing to do be to land the plane first , then kill yourself . Rick push the dead Pilot out of the chair . as he take the control , the steering column come off in he hand . 0 's connell okay , this be not good . they hear a whistle , turn and find evy hold a parachute . 0 's connell do we have enough ? evelyn almost . smash CUT to : camera track across rick , evy and alex wear parachute until it find Jonathan and tequila strapped together , face each other , share a single chute . tequila ( tibetan with subtitles ) why do I have to share with this idiot ? jonathan tequila 's a little nervous , you three go first . Rick look at Jonathan , suspicious . 0 's connell ( be : cauldron ) Jonathan , no gold . jonathan perish the think . he wait as Rick , evy and Alex jump from the plane . jonathan we be just go to take a few souvenir for the road . 96 . he drag tequila over to a cauldron and stuff gold coin and handfuls of jewel into he pocket . finally , he grab the scepter in one hand and a gold buddha statue in the other . tequila shoot he a angry look . jonathan what ? this one 's for you . before he can get he hand on anything else , the plane lurch , send the duo tumble out the door . ext . sky - night they spin into the darkness . Jonathan try to pull the cord , but can not reach it because he hand be full . jonathan pull the cord ! tequila I have no idea what you be say ! he look down to see the other three parachute open . tequila where be we flowering plume of cloud ? jonathan pull the bloody cord ! he begin make hand gesture which further confuse tequila . then over Jonathan 's shoulder , tequila see the pilotless plane swing around and head straight for they . tequila the metal bird ! it 's go to kill we ! do something ! he start wildly point . jonathan don ’t point ! pull ! as the plane careen towards they , tequila scream . jonathan for God 's sake , hold this ! he thrust the treasure into tequila 's hand and pull the cord . as the parachute sprout open , they be violently jerk up , miss the propeller by a hair . 97 . tequila drop the treasure as he scream . they finally stabilize and watch the plane explode into the desert below . jonathan well , that be a close shave . tequila shake he head . tequila in another life , you must have be a goat . as they drift towards the golden sand below ... ext . gobi desert - dawn Rick , evy and the gang crawl to the crest of a ridge and stare in shock at what lie below . what they see : the Emperor mummy 's palace . legion of slave worker have almost completely excavate it . the army of 100,000 terra cotta Warrior gleam in the early morning sunlight while the great Wall loom in the distance . evelyn oh my God . alex this should have take year to excavate . a chinese voice boom through a series of crude loudspeaker surround the complex . the slave worker shove each other as they desperately climb onboard a train that 's wait on the track next to the palace . they be supervise by a entourage of japanese soldier , some on motorcycle . 0 's connell why be everybody rush for a seat on that train ? alex because they be be tell they 's be go back to shanghai . Rick follow the track , realize . o’ connell between here and shanghai be a bomb - out railroad bridge . evelyn they 's be not go to free they , they 's be go to kill they . 98 . o' connell not if we can help it . alex dad , look ! Rick swing back and watch as a big , onyx - color convertible sweep in through the palace gate . ext . courtyard - palace - day the convertible glide to a stop . the Emperor mummy , lily and okumura climb out . okumura gesture to the Warrior . okumura , you army , my Lord . the Emperor mummy nod he approval . camera track through the rows of warrior as the trio head across the courtyard . ext . train - day as the last slave car be lock with a thunderous clang , a soldier signal the driver ... int . engine car - train - day .«-- who put the throttle into '' full open '' , chain the '' reverser '' , and jump free as the train grind into motion . ext . desert — day as the train pull away , Rick , evy , Alex , Jonathan and tequila be reveal crouching on the other side . o’ connell ( to evy ) you and Alex warn the slave . ( to Jonathan & tequila ) we 'il get to the engine car . use the steam as camouflage , they clamber onto the train . ext . train - day ( moving ) the train thunder across the desolate landscape . go wide to reveal it 's speed for the decimate railroad bridge . as Rick , Jonathan and tequila head across the carriage to the engine car , evy and Alex run the other way to the slave car . 99 . int . slave car - train - day ( moving ) slat of sweaty light dissect the space . the slave worker be pack in like animal , among they be chang , the | i i i . a gunshot ring out , the hatch in the roof slide open , and Alex stare down . alex ( chinese with subtitles ) my name be Alex o’connell and I be here to help . ext . train - day ( moving ) the train be pick up speed as Rick leap from a carriage onto the coal car . Jonathan and tequila follow . tequila lose he balance on the loose coal . Rick be oblivious as Jonathan struggle to pull tequila back on . int . engine car - train - day ( moving ) Rick swing in , pull he gun , blast the chain off the '' reverser '' , and slam the throttle onto '' brake '' . close on wheel : as they spark across the gleam track . the bridge be come up fast . 50 foot . 40 foot . 30 foot . Jonathan 's still try to pull up tequila . jonathan do not worry , little buddy . tequila buddha save I ! int . slave car - train - day ( moving ) evy be crouch with a group of slave , hold she breath . int . engine car - train - day Rick grit he tooth as the behemoth sweep onto the bridge and crawl to a stop a inch from the twisted end of the track . off Jonathan yanking tequila back up ... ext . courtyard ~ palace - day the Emperor mummy , okumura and lily stand at the foot of the palace stair . the Emperor mummy survey he army , then run a finger through lily 's hair . he do not take he eye off she as he order okumura to ... 100 . - emperor mummy take my queen to my bed chamber . okumura I be a general , not a servant . emperor mummy do as I command or my warrior will wet they blade with you blood . okumura angrily nod , then lead lily up the stair . ext . courtyard - palace - day the Emperor reach for the flask of eternal spring water . he pour some into he cup palm . a black funnel cloud twist up from he hand and into the sky . ext . desert ~ day the Soldiers stand in awe as they watch the massive black storm cloud blossoming . suddenly , they hear a clatter sound , turn and see the train barrel back down the track ! as they race towards it , weapon blazing ... int . engine car - train - day ( moving ) ... Rick , Jonathan and tequila be crouch . Rick fire he machine gun at the tank of a fuel truck park near the track . it detonate , set off a chain reaction of explosion . japanese Soldiers flail as they be consume . two jeep burst through the fireball and power onto the track in front of the train . the soldier OPEN FIRE but jump as they realize the train be not stop . Jonathan and tequila cower as the train plow through the vehicle which explode , send fiery tongue of flame into the engine car . ext . train car - day ( moving ) use the smoking melee for cover , Alex choose he moment , then leap off the train and roll - dive into the sand . as he cautiously make he way towards the palace ... int . engine car - train ~ day ( moving ) Rick be about to get up when gunfire spark . the train be be chase by two soldier on motorcycle . he return FIRE , send both vehicle cartwheel into the air . unseen by Rick , another soldier zoom up on the other side . the soldier have he in he sight when he be blow away ! Rick turn as evy swing into view , she machine gun smoking . 101 . 0 's connell not bad for a librarian . evelyn ( look around ) where 's Alex ? Rick look back at the palace , concerned . 0 's connell oh God . he go to save the girl . evelyn how do you know ? 0 's connell because that 's what I have do . evelyn ( to Jonathan & tequila ) get everyone onto the Wall . hold the army back as long as you can . jonathan wait ! where be you two go ? Rick hand Jonathan and tequila machine gun . o’ connell stop the mummy , rescue we son and save the world . off Jonathan 's alarm as Rick and evy jump off the train ... ext . courtyard - day thunder boom and forking vein of lightning flash through the swirl storm cloud . suddenly , it unleash a deafening deluge . Alex be creep through the Warrior when the raindrop hammer down . they body glow and they utter inhuman wail as they painfully come to life . a second before they eye pop open , Alex dive through a door . ext . palace - day the Emperor snap he finger , cause the rain to stop and the ominous cloud to dissipate . he stare at the row of live terra cotta Warrior before he . 102 . emperor mummy you have slumber too long . the reign of the Dragon Emperor begin today . we will bring the world to its knee . steam rise as the sun hit the Warrior 's body . they roar and beat they weapon against the flagstone . ext . great wall - day Jonathan and tequila be help the slave out of the train when the Warrior 's battle cry echoe across the desert . jonathan everybody onto the Wall ! chang make he way through the throng . chang I think you be a lover , not a fighter . jonathan not today . they smile , then scramble up onto the Wall . ext . desert - day a japanese soldier have he back to the camera , pee . as he zip up and turn around , the butt of a machine gun smack he in the face . as he drop unconscious , reveal Rick . he pluck a set of key from the soldier 's pocket and step to evy , who be wait by the guy 's motorcycle , 0 's connell you wanna drive ? ext . desert - day the Emperor mummy watch as he army advance across the sand like a unstoppable flood . but he face darken when a motorcycle power up over a dune and beeline towards the oncoming army . evy be drive and Rick be on the back hold two machine gun . evy throttles the engine , ramp off a boulder , and launch the bike right over the front line of chariot . as she weave through the infantry , Rick blast all comer . one warrior lose he arm , another leg , another he head . Rick watch as they wound miraculously heal . 103 . 0 's connell they 's be indestructible ! a barrage of arrow shoot towards they . evelyn incoming ! they duck as arrow whiz over they head . as Rick and evy roar through the palace gate , the Emperor mummy shout to a squad of five terra cotta warrior . the Warrior follow as the Emperor mummy sweep back towards the palace . int . emperor 's bedchamber - palace - day Dust cling to the giant brass lantern suspend from the ceiling and the silk curtain that drape the bed be now in tatter . lily struggle as okumura strap she to a bedpost . okumura you be a fiery one , perhaps I should tame you for the Emperor . alex get away from she . okumura turn to find Alex stand with he gun aim . lily Alex ! okumura schoolboy should stay at home . Alex be rattle by okumura 's laser - cool demeanor . alex I swear to God , I x11 shoot you . okumura I do not believe y-- boom ! boom ! boom ! Alex unload he gun . the bullet smack okumura in the chest . he stumble back . then he grin and look up . Alex and lily watch in disbelief as he rip open he shirt and the bullet wound heal themselves . lily he drank from the spring . okumura pull off he glove , revealing that he metallic appendage be go and he arm be now fully restore . 104 . okumura I could not let the Emperor have all the fun . lily Alex , run ! alex I be not leave you . okumura smile , impressed by Alex 's bravery . okumura you father would be proud . ' too bad you will not live to tell he . as he lunge at Alex and the gun go skitter ... ext . great wall - day Jonathan and tequila look out as the army swarm across the desert , cut down the last of the japanese Soldiers . jonathan we be sit duck up here . how be we go to hold back a army of maraud mummy without any weapon ? a banging SOUND echoe . Jonathan turn in surprise and see chang and he man use a makeshift batter ram to smash down the door of one the Wall 's turret . int . turret - great wall - day Jonathan and tequila burst inside and be stunne to see the place be stack , wall to wall , with every kind of ancient weapon . Spears , crossbow , miniature cannon , etc . as the slave arm themselves , Jonathan turn to chang , amaze . jonathan who the hell put this in here ? chang every emperor for the last twenty century . they fill the turret with weapon as a offer to the River of spirit . Jonathan grin . jonathan score one for chinese superstition . 105 . ext . courtyard - palace - day Rick and evy be halfway across the vast expanse of stone when the Emperor mummy sweep through the gate with he Warrior . the Emperor mummy 's mouth distend and he unleash a 80 - foot jet of flame . Rick look back as the tongue of fire form into a roaring dragon 's head . 0 's connell step on it , evy , I think we be really start to piss he off . as the dragon '' snap '' at Rick 's back , evy power up the palace step and skid-turn through the door . int . palace - day as they head down the hall , '' the dragon '' torpedoe into the wall behind they , blister the paintwork , and evaporate in a orgy of spark ... ext . courtyard - palace - day the Emperor mummy 's elongate mouth angrily shut . he look around and see the japanese Soldiers 's discard motorcycle . he get a idea and bark a order to he five Warrior . int . emperor 's bedchamber .- palace - day okumura slam he fist into Alex , knock he against a column . Alex peer over at lily , anguish . okumura catch the exchange . okumura remember that pretty face when I be choke the life out of you . Alex find new strength , head - butt okumura . alex at least I will not spend eternity as the Emperor 's lap dog . enrage , okumura backhand Alex , send he fly across the floor . Alex land right next to the gun . as okumura stride towards he , Alex wrench the weapon into view . okumura for someone so educate , you be not very smart . I be bulletproof . Alex fire . the bullet buzy past okumura . 106 . okumura that 's you best shot ? alex I be not aim at you . suddenly , okumura hear the rope hold the giant brass lantern SNAP . he look up in horror as the lantern fall towards he . he do not have time to run , as he be impale by the ornament 's point end . as he desperately struggle to free himself , Alex unty lily and they race out ... int . hall ~ palace - day «+. they be sprinting down the passage when they hear the SOUND of a motorcycle . they spin just as warrior # 1 power into view . as he speed towards they , lily spin-kick he off the bike in a incredible martial - art move . warrior # 1 tumble across the floor while he motorcycle skid-slide to a stop . warrior # 1 spring back to he foot , draw he sword , stalk towards they just as evy and Rick screech around the other corner and smash through he like a pinata . evy smoke the bike to a stop in front of Alex and lily . o'connell you kid okay ? alex yeah , sure . no problem . have it completely under control . they all smile . evelyn lily , can you get we to the River of spirit ? lily there 's a tunnel that connect the palace to the great Wall . 1711 show you the way . Rick see the piece of shattered warrior slide together . o' connell let 's move before Humpty dumpty put himself together again . lily and Alex climb onto the warrior 's bike . Rick toss Alex a machine gun as lily revs the engine and take off . 107 . int . bed chamber - palace - day okumura be still struggle to free himself when a shadow cross he face . it 's the Emperor mummy . emperor mummy where be my queen ? okumura my lord , please ... help I . the Emperor mummy look at he scornfully , place he hand on the brass lantern and superheat it , cause molten metal to sluice out across okumura , searing he flesh . emperor mummy you failure shall be you tomb . okumura scream in torment as he be encase in hot brass . with one breath , the Emperor cool the scorching metal to a hard shell . the sculptural outline of okumura 's body be visible and he immortal wail be muffle . the Emperor mummy shake he head . emperor mummy Generals . int . hall ~ palace - day lily and Alex be lead the way while Rick and evy follow right behind . as they speed through a doorway , they be intercept by Warrior # 2 and # 3 on motorcycle . as warrior # 2 power forward , Rick unload he machine gun and blow the warrior 's head clean off , send the headless warrior into a wooden column . evy follow lily , with warrior # 3 in hot pursuit . as lily dart she bike into ... int . war room ~ palace - day the trio of motorcycle shoot through the time - ravage room . lily drive straight over the ancient map that still stretch across the floor and rip - tear through the fade dragon tapestry that conceal the entrance to ... int . secret passageway - day lily and evy flash on they headlight , revealing a sloping , carve - out space . Rick and Alex 's machine -gun FIRE strobe the blackness as warrior # 3 follow . suddenly , the bike catch air . Rick and Alex hold on as they touch down on a giant staircase . evy and lily do not slow as they speed down the stair , head towards the 108 . tunnel below . ignoring the bone-jarring ride , Rick fire blindly at warrior # 3 and blow out he front tire , cause warrior # 3 to be catapult off he bike . warrior # 3 somersault over they head and land at the base of the stair . as he struggle up , evy and lily power the bike right over he . his damage bike follow , slam down on top of he and explode . o’ connell ( disdainful ) mummy on motorcycle ! suddenly , gunfire strafe the wall . Rick swing back just as a motorcycle with a sidecar burst through the fireball . warrior # 4 be in the sidecar man a mount machine gun while warrior # 5 drive . evelyn ( to Alex and lily ) go ahead ! unlock the River ! do not worry about we . as lily and Alex speed away , Rick return fire ... ext . great wall ~ day Jonathan , tequila and the slave army watch anxiously as the terra cotta Warrior charge towards they . chang choose he moment , then signal ... chang now ! the slave army unleash they assault . cannonballs , flame arrow and spear fly . Jonathan and tequila stand side by side , machine gun blazing . tequila be a man possess . tequila ( tibetan with subtitles ) die ! terra cotta bastard , die ! as he reload he hear a voice ... lama tashi ? he find he elderly lama with a group of tibetan monk . they robe be tatter from they enforce labor . tequila immediately fall to he knee . tequila Holy lama . 109 . lama ( be : machine gun ) have you forget you vow of nonviolence to all live thing ? tequila gesture to the Warrior . tequila they be not live , they be undead . the lama consider this . lama you have gain much wisdom on you journey here . as the monk pick up weapon and join the raging battle . camera follows a cannonball as it arc towards the oncoming army and explode through a line of Warrior , blow off arm , leg and head . camera doesn ’t stop , plunge into the ground , and burst out through the roof of ... int . tunnel - day ... lily and Alex streak past while evy and Rick follow behind . evy be desperately weaving , try to avoid the line of gunfire warrior # 4 be direct at they . Rick 's machine gun finally click empty . he toss it at warrior # 5 , momentarily blind he , send the motorcycle sparking against the side of the wall . Rick pull a stick of dynamite from he belt , light the fuse and toss it to warrior # 4 , who catch it and study it curiously . kaboooom ! warrior # 4 and the sidecar be blow to bit . unfortunately , warrior # 5 and the rest of the bike speed through the debris , unscathed , and continue the chase . lily and alex -- have pull ahead , peel through a circular entrance to a cave - like chamber and skid to a stop . alex come on ! they leap off and begin roll the huge circular stone door across the entrance . as the door begin to close , evy & rick be still battle it out with warrior # 5 . he finally pull even as they head towards the entrance at breakneck speed . Rick and the warrior begin exchange blow . with only 50 foot to go , warrior # 5 grab Rick in a chokehold . 110 . evelyn keep you hand to yourself ! evy slam the bike into the warrior 's , force he to let Rick go . as warrior # 5 try to regain control of he bike , evy race forward , squeeze -spark through the entrance a second before Alex and lily roll the door into place . as warrior # 5 crash into the slab in a cacophony of FIRE ... int . war room - palace ~ day the Emperor survey the tire track lead into the secret passageway . off he face as he stride into the passage ... int . chamber of spirit - day close on a torch as it flicker to life . pull back to reveal Rick , evy , Alex and lily take in the cavernous room , step lead up to great Wall 's massive foundation that protrude from the roof of the cavern . o’ connell that stair must lead straight up to the Wall . they head onto a red marble bridge that traverse a dry riverbed . evy hold she torch over the side , revealing a horrifying mass of human skull and bone . evelyn '' the River of spirit . o’ connell great . but I do not see a key anywhere ? alex ( 0.s. ) over here . they turn and see Alex and lily stand by a circular stone altar . evy and Rick race over . close on altar : it feature a bowl - like indention in the center which be engrave with a chinese inscription . lily it say '' quench my thirst '' . evy take she flask and empty the water into the bowl . they wait for something to happen , but nothing do . Alex suddenly get a idea , pull out a pocket knife and slice he palm . evy react in alan . 111 . evelyn Alex ! Alex hold he bleed hand over the altar . alex it be not a river of water , it be a river of blood . the drop of blood splatter into the bowl like acid on lead . the chinese inscription glow and a fierce wind whip . all the torch die and a deep rumble echoes . the gang turn as a wave of rippling , blue-white light rush out and fill the dry riverbed . they cautiously approach and peer in awe . what they see : the ghostly form of the Emperor 's slain enemies rage as they swim under the river 's ethereal surface . o’ connell Nice work . but why be not they up there take out the warrior ? lily because we need to make another offer . they look back at the altar which be still glow and watch as the central bowl vanish and be replace by five new indention . each be engrave with a different character . evelyn the five element , of course . we need to place one in each bowl . o’ connell fan out . we do not have much time . ext . great wall - day the slave army be fight hard , but be outmatch and outnumber by the invincible terra-cotta army . as the Warrior finally reach the foot of the Wall ... int . chamber of spirit - day pan across the altar . the earth , stone and fire bowl be full . evy drop she wedding ring in the fourth . she shout to Rick and Alex who be on the other side of the River . evelyn all we need be water ! Alex retrieve a flask from the motorcycle . 112. alex get it . as he toss it across the River of spirit , there 's a deafen boom and the circular door explode open . Rick grab Alex , dive for cover as the slab of stone fly across the space and obliterate the bridge . as the dust settles , they see the Emperor mummy stand in the threshold . o’ connell ( shouting ) evy , pour the water ! as evy scramble for the flask , the Emperor mummy hold up he hand and fire a flaming comet at the altar , which knock all the element out of they bowl . ext . great wall - day tequila and Jonathan stand with the monk , fire futilely at the terra cotta Warrior scramble up the wall like insect . as they duck to reload , Jonathan turn to tequila . jonathan I think it 's time for a prayer . tequila ( tibetan with subtitles ) I hate you . jonathan amen to that , brother . int . chamber of spirit - day evy and lily frantically put the element back in the bowl while the Emperor machine gun flame orb at Rick and Alex . evelyn in case we do not make it , I just want you to know that I think you and Alex make a great couple . lily thank you , Mrs. O'Connell . evelyn call I evy. ( be : altar ) four down , one to go . have you see my ring ? as they begin scour the dirt ... 113 . rick & alex -- duck behind a column as the orb explode around they . Rick pick up a discard torch . as the Emperor fire off a comet , Rick swing the metal rod like a baseball bat and line -drive the comet back at the Emperor mummy . the explosion send he crash into a wall . o’ connell evy , what 's the holdup ? evelyn we do not have any metal . I can not find my ring . alex ( get idea ) dad , give I yours . Alex pull he sling - shot out of he pocket . o’ connell I think you hang that up when you be twelve . Alex smile , take the ring . Rick look back and see the Emperor storming towards they . 0 's connell the fate of the world 's in you hand , kiddo . no pressure . Alex take aim , pull back the sling and fire . the ring soar across the space in slo mo . ricochet off the wall , ping off a column and straight into the right bowl . bull 's - eye ! the next instant the spirit be unleash and flood up through the foundation of the Wall in a firestorm of light . o’ connell that 's my boy ! ext . great wall - day the terra-cotta Warrior be about to crest the Wall when the Army of spirit wash over the Wall like a tidal wave , overwhelming the Warrior in second . the worker cheer and Jonathan and tequila hug as the spirit fly into the heaven , finally liberated . int . chamber of spirit - day the inhuman death cry of the Warrior echo across the chamber . the Emperor mummy stare up in shock and wail ... 1214 . emperor mummy Nooooodo000000000000000000000000 ! use the distraction , Rick leap up , clutching the dragon dagger , and plunge the enchant blade into the Emperor mummy 's heart . the Emperor mummy stare at Rick in shock . 0 's connell give my regards to imhotep ! the Emperor mummy utter a primeval scream as needle of white light fissure out of the wound . Rick and Alex be throw back as the Emperor mummy be rip apart in a blinding supernova . ext . shangri ~la - day a ring of light explode across the valley , melting the ice and transform its slope to verdant green . as it wash across the petrify inhabitant , they be freed from the curse and jubilantly rejoice . off Zohora 's proud smile ... int . chamber of spirit - day as Rick and Alex pick themselves up , the whole place rumble . it 's like a earthquake . crack snake across the roof . 0 's connell up to the Wall ! now ! evy and lily dart for the stair as Rick and Alex sprint across the dry riverbed , dodging fall debris as they go . the step disintegrate behind they as they clamber . ext . turret - great wall - day evy and lily burst into the sunlight . but as Alex and Rick race out , the turret collapse under they . as they drop , hand reach out and catch they -- evy , lily , Jonathan , tequila and chang . the slave army cheer as the heroic duo be pull to safety . as the dust settles , Alex turn to lily . alex now that you be mortal , I be wonder if maybe we could do something together that do not involve evil emperor or save the world , 115 . lily be that you way of ask I out on a date ? as he lean in and kiss she , camera find Rick and evy . o’ connell another mummy bite the dust . evelyn you know , there 's something about vanquish the undead that I find incredibly romantic . 0 's connell I , too . Rick take she in he arm and they kiss . Jonathan and tequila look at the two couple and shake they head . jonathan / tequila get a room / get a room . camera sweep over the Wall of overjoy slave , soar up over the war-torn desert , and finally melt into the sunset . fade out .