the witching hour screenplay by anne rice fade in : ext . a scottish moor - night - 1670 a.d. Far off , a massive stone castle loom . tree silhouett a the horizon against the star-dotted , qreen-purple sky . the branch of one tree seem to reach for the star ... tracking in - the ' tree ' be a hooded figure : suzanne - 20 , golden hair spilling from she hood , dazzle green eye . nestled in the fold of she cloak be deborah - 5 , scarlet curl , green eye glow . she peek up at the bizarre sky . deborah ( a thick Scottish accent ) mum - I be so scared . look at the color ... suzanne ( a thick Scottish accent ) ( entrance . soothing ) deborah , be still . and listen ... ( a beat . in a chant ... ) wind , you be a thousand eye - but never see . a thousand caress - but never touch . a thousand voice - but never a word . always with I , never ....... deborah ( fearful ) mum ... oh mum , God will surely strike we - suzanne wind - I love you with that which be endless within I . bring I you eye - you touch - you voice ... a wind gather force , the grass sway . leave twirl . suzanne send I you soul . come to I now ! the ferocious wind howl . tree bend . the sky darken .. suzanne be hood be whipped of she head . a dagger of lightning cut the sky open . then - a sound , like a howl of birth . a voice ( melodic . wondrous ) Suzanne , the door be open ! call I ! bring I to you with a name ! suzanne ( ecstatic . shouting above the roar ) for the wind that lash the tree that bring you to you lover ... you be --- lasher . lasher !! thunder rock she to the ground . rain pour down . voice I be through , my love ! I have come ! ( a beat. joyful ) lasher .. suzanne thrust she arm out as if to embrace the wind . deborah peek out from she mother 's cloak . she look at the ground - wide - eye - and reach out . ecu - deborah' clenched fist the tiny fist open - a nuge emerald glisten in she palm . fade to black fade up to day . ecu - the curve runner of a rocking chair rocking on a wooden floor . a large horn beetle skitter into frame - antenna flick . above it , the chair 's runner reach its high point - descend --- and just miss it . woman' voice ( oc ) ( a southern accent . cool ) do you see the lilly , deedee ...? Big as soup ladle . tilt up to a pale hand on the chair - arm . inside a fade pink sleeve - and up to ecu - a face , skocking in its melancholy visage a woman - 50 , a gaunt , shattered beauty . not a flicker in she green eye . her hair be stringy - in need of a wash . angle - the porch of a large gothic mansion carlotta mayfair - 80 , cane in hand , rock diedre mayfair on the porch . her white hair be pull back severely . skin tight on she skull . Green eye keen and focus . the house be magnificent - once : tall column . stain glass . but it be a die house . rotted wood . peel paint . you can almost hear it wheeze ... angle - the gade beyond the porch thick . lush . huge flower flourish . a flagstone walk lead to a swim pool fill with brackish water and lily pad . a wrought- iron fence encircle the grounds . on the other side , the street seem like another world . back to carlotta and diedre on the porch carlotta take a syringe from a bag and inject diedre , who show no reaction . carlotta feel she pulse ... carlotta we numb the body and the mind ... but we have not find a needle yat that can prick you soul . that belong to he , do not it , my beautitul deedee ...? a breeze suddenly rise . the tree and long grass stir . carlotta smile privately - and survey the garden . something there , for a moment , behind the wave branch ...? beyond the wrot - iron fence a man - 60 , white suit , fedora and a ivory walk stick - come down the sidewalk . he tip he hat to the woman , and walk on . carlotta watch he go . carlotta ( dry. caustic ) well , well , deedee . both you admirer have pay a call . carlotta look down at the huge beetle -- and crush it with she shoe . the breeze die . the tree come to rest . but diedre be hair still flutter , as if stroke by a lovinq hand . int . ecu - a pair of hand rest atop a ivory walking stick the stick 's top be carve into a pair of angel 's wing . the leave hand wear a ivory ring - with a gold T set in it . man' voice ( oc ) ( a English accent . calm . sonorous ) diedre be silent - still - as always .... tilt up to aaron lightner ( the white - suite man who stroll past the mayfair mansion ) . aaron .. but there be no question about it she be die . wide of scene - a magnificent sitting room aaron stand at a mahogany table , where a dozen men and woman - age 25 to 60 , elegantly dress - sit and exchange sober lock at he pronouncement . they all wear the same ring . aaron ( tap he chest lightly ) her vibration be unmistakable . I feel they quite clearly . ( sigh ) strange to think after thirty year ... I shall walk by the porch and find the chair empty . woman at the table what of the child , Aaron ...? aaron the child 's life will take its inevitable turn . ( pause ) we will watch and wait ... and soon - we wait will be over int . close - up - a pair of white door in bold letter emeagency only - keep clear the door fly open - paramedics barrel through , push a gurney with a bleed woman . we track behind it a woman suddenly race into frame , into the gurney 's path . the gurney veer off - but we fallow the woman . rowan mayfair - 30 , surgical garb and glove , golden hair . pierce green eye , stun , focus . she enter : a emergency room where two nurse and a young doctor flank a gurney that hold a boy - 7 , unconscious . rowan be pure , efficient motion - in coumand . as she near the Boy - rowan let 's have it . fast . doctor Parents say he - uh - fall - rowan anybody get a BP yet ...? nurse # 1 seventy over ninety . rowan pupil ...? nurse # 1 unequal . doctor - and he seem okay . just bang he - rowan fast . doctor ( a bit rattle ) uh - then he - be just - rowan ( hover over the boy . stating a fact ) he just go out like & light - the doctcr nod meekly - rowan raise the boy' eyelid . rowan massive subdural hamatoma . we have to evacuat it - right now . doctor I will tell or we be bring - rowan he 's herniate ! forget or . he 's dead batore he 's oft the elevator get I a trephine tray - ( nurse shift into motion ) anesthesia - stat ! we need he intubated and blow down ! a anesthesia mask go on the boy . his head be shave and iodine . a nurse set a tray . beside rowan . she pick up a small drill . all aye settle on she . she start to drill a hole in the boy' sku1l . deeper . deeper . and suddenly - blood spurt ... rowan get I a bolt ... a srnall pressure gauge be hand to she . she screw it into the boy' skull . take a read . rowan dress it . get he to icu ... as action go on all around she , she step back - and seem to take a breath for the first time since she enter . rowan ( softly . to no one in particular ) he will be okay ... int . a hospital scrub room . minute later rowan wash at a sink . she look up to she retlection in the mirror . a strange look - hard to decipher . nurse # 1 enter , untying she bloody smock . she grin . nurse # 1 so , doctcr - what do you see .. ( rown ' give she a crock grin ) I see somebody spend nineteen hour a day in this hole . ( pause ) this be not even you shift be it ...? rowan ( drying she band . deadpan ) if would be home , I would have miss out on use the drill . nurse # 1 take up woodwork . rowar flash a wry grin . nurse ( warm - but serious ) you just can not bear to lose one - can you ...? you just will not 1et they die . rowan ' ( stare . smile warmly ) no - I guess I will not . int . Pov ' - through a unfinished window frame . night a view of the San Francisco skyline . fall back to reveal michael curry - 40 , denim shirt baggy corduroy , melancholy wisp of a smile . gettle eye stare into the night . a drag on he cigarette . and he rub the cleft of he chin with the tip of he thumb - a life - long unconscious habit . he be in the top floor of a renovation . the room be almost finish , carve molding , high - angle ceiling , random - peggad floor and huge window . a stun work of design . man' voice right on schedule , mikey . finish - michael ( a intentionally overdo tony bennett ) ' I leave my heart --- in ran sanfriscio ... ' man' voice ( oc ) ( louder ) - in three week , top , like it or not . michael ( grin . louder - without turn ) ' and the light 's always onnnnn in massachuaett ... ' wide of scene stu - 35 , overall , short , squat , dusty - stand at a table drape with blueprint - beer in hand . grin . stu ve-ry funny . but lilk . it or not - mlchael ( hollerinq now ) ' there be - a house - in New Orleans - stu be grin widen . he give up and join in : michael and stu ( scream ) ' they calllllllll the rising SUN ....!' they break up in laughter , out of breath . stu join michael at the window . they stare out at the city . stu sooner or later you be gonna run out of thing to change . you always do . michael ( shrug . look round the room ) I just - hate it when they be - finish . stu search michael be fact . his grin slowly dissolves . stu well - donna make dinner tonight . so I gotta go . ( pause ) wanna come ..? ( michael shake he head no ) gotta date ...? ( michael shake he head no ) ever gonna have another date ...? michael eye he with a affectionate scowl . this be old territory . stu shrug and give up . stu see ya Monday then . stu wink - and leave . michael turn back to the skyline - stare - and sigh . his thumb rub he cleft . ext . the pacific ocean . day a sailboat drift lazily on the flat water - its sail limp in the windless sky . San Francisco loom in the bg . angel - 0n the sailboat' deck rowan - in sweater and short - look at the sky , search for wind , and frown . she strip down to a bikini , stretch out on the deck and point she face to the sun ... ext . the san fransisco coast - a jetty . later that day michael sit out on the rock , sketching a house on a pad . the wind pick up , the surround water turn choppy . he draw he collar up . a seagull land near he . michael start sketching the gull . michael ' the soar lark lift up aloft with they the sky that to we shoulder be heavy . ( grin ) you like rilke ...? the bird start preen . a wave smack against the rock spraying michael . he look around at the sea and frown . the wind tug at he . another wave spray he . he rise . michael Dame weatherman say - the gull screech - and suddenly take off - come right at he . michael duck out of the way , slip on the slippery surface - and fall . his head strike the rock . a wave pound the jetty and sweep he into the sea . michael fall in the water . lose ccnsciousness . be sweep out to tea . his eye close . he 's go under - sinking .. beneath the sea michael float downward . a stream at bubbles squirt from he mouth then they stop . move in to he peaceful face . in tighter - into he close eye - and through they ... Pov - speed through a black night sky with a zillion star a fierce roaring . hair-pin ttrns around star - the cosmic daytona 500 . Racing toward a huge , white - hot star ... smashing through into - silence . freefal through the richest , thickest GREEN imaginable . then , seeping out off the GREEN , phantom - shapeless - but the greeness be give they form : suzanne with the emerald round she neck - and deborah - a woman now , with the scarlet curl - and other - drift , saturate , gleam . whisper , entreate : suzanne go back , michael ... go back deborah the door , Michael . find the key ... suzanne help we . do what you can . angle - mihael . motionless in the GREEN suspend above a vast blackness . phantom all around he . and micael start float down toward it ... suzanne Michael - no ! go back ext . rowan 'a . sailboat in the ocean rowan be asleep on the deck . the sea be choppy . a sudden gust fill the mainsail . it swing across the deck . crack ! rowan wake and rise . delighted . rowan alright ! a little speed . she start pull in the mainsail - stop and squint - something be out there , in the wave - she dive into the sea bob up to take a look every few stroke ... now , she 's reach out --- grab michael 's lifeless body . her arm sling round he - now she 's backstroke . one - armed . they reach the boat - she grab the rope ladder - and with remarkable strength - pull he up . they sprawl on the deck she rip he shirt open - press she ear to he chest . cursing , she start mouth - to-mouth . nothing - switch to cpr - press down on he chest - rhythmically . forcefully - rowan one - two - three - four - five -.. to fifteen . nothing - she grab he face - and slap he . rowan breathe , goddamnit- ( slap he again ) breathe ! she start on he chest again - she pump be violent now . rowan you be not - ( pump ) - gonna - ( pump ) - die - ( pump ) - you sonuvabitch nothing - Shee slump back - gasp . fury rise - suddenly , she rise on she knee - raise a fist - and bring it down - strike he chest with all she might - and michael 's body jerk eerily . water spurt from he south . a rasp cough erupt from he . and he eye open . michael ( hack - mumble ) they - they want I to come back ... and he eye close . out cold . she nod , exhaust - and stroke the matte hair from the gash on he forehead - then - cock she head . starinq intently at he - the manner of she gesture change - she finger slide down he cheek --- almost a caress ... ext . rowan' sailboat at sea . later rowan stand motionless at the railing , a blanket wrap round she - watch michael , on a stretcher , be take below on the Coast Guard cruiser alongside she boat . it speed off . rowan watch until she can not see it anymore - int . a hospital - the intensive care unit attendant lift michael from a gurney onto a bed - two nurse hustle about as a doctor 50 , silver - haire - look on doctor he have a major m.i. two year ago . get a ekg and see if this do anything to he heart - michael be clothes be cut away - and - he open he eye . one nurse raise he arm while another slide a blanket onto he . the doctor lean to michael with warm concern -- doctor Michael - it 's geoffrey - michael with a weak nod of doctor recognition the blanket now in place , a nurse you just make the guinness lower michael 's arm book of record , friend - under miracle . - and michael 's hand come to rest on the blanket ... michael' Pov the doctor be face disappear in a blure of white . then , with a roar . the frame fill with int . a laundray room [ as if michael whre there ] wash machine and dryer whirring Three . black womam in hospita1 green . fold blanket and laugh - - and then , instantaneously - back to scene - the doctor still leaning over michael michael - freak - doctor raise he hand - - ... close to a hour . Mike . ... and michael grasp the bed 's handrail tightly . again - the room explode in White int . michael be Pov - the room [ as if michael where there ] a diffirent doctor - defibrilator pad in both hand - be in geoffrey 's place . he lunge to camera - doctor clear !! the Pov swivel to reveal a young woman in the bed . the Doctor shock she --- she liveless body jerk . doctor give I the atropeen ! a nurse gjve he a huge hypodermic - and the doctor plunge it into the woman 's heart ... suddenly - back to scene michael let go at the handrail - as if shocked - and clasp he hand together . he lock round the room , saucer - eye . geoffrey eye he carefully as he give he a injection . michael what the hell be go ...?! doctcr ( geoffrey ) ( soothing ) you where - in the water - a long time . michael no ! geoffrey , I be see ... see ... there be a - a dead woman - she be - geoffrey the shot 's kick in . sleep now . he take michael be hand in he ... suddenly - a flash of white - int - a doctor be office [ as if michael be there ] a woman sit on a examination table , she smock down around she waist . geoffrey put a stethoscope on she breast and listen - she qrin , draw she to he - they kiss and then , with a roar - back to scene geoffrey , hand behind he back , stand at the bedside as michael , groggy from the injection . start to go under . michael ( slur . lose consciousness ) I - I do not think you - you fool around with you patient , geoffrey ... geoffrey cock he head - stunne - as michael 's eye close . dissolve to a completely white frame then --- the whiteness swing on a axis toward camera --- a refrigeretor have be open - revealing a interior fill with beer . a glove hand reach in and grab one . wide of scene - a kitchen - bar michael close the fridge . a wreck in a bathrobe - dark circle . ander he eye , unshaven and snug , leather glove on he hand . the garbage can overflow with beer can . the phone ring . michael try to bend back the can , pop-top - but tbe glove make it tough . I smile grimly . take a knife , price the pop - top back , and take . a long swig . wobbly , he shuffles cut on bare foot - down a hall . through a live room . everywhere , stun excecution of design . oc , the phone stop ringing . he enter a exquisitely desinged bedroom there be clutter evetywhere : newspaper , magazine , book , beer can . michael plop on the dishevel bed . glance at a magazine . a story title read : life after death experience : a analytic approach other magazine and book deal with paranormal event , esp , hand - on heal . across the room , a tv show the end of a a T & T coamercial - a voice warmly deliver the tagline : ' reach out and touch someone . ' michael grin sardonically - michael fuck you . oc , the doorbell ring michael no more freak show ! leave I alone ! stu' voice ( outside ) Mike - it 's I ! let I in ! michael rise - walk to the window - and lean out . stu stand below - at the front door - look up - michael go home , stu ( pause ) I will call you . stu bullshit ! let I in ! ( pause ) mikey - there be people who can help figure this ont . michael on which planet ...? stu you can not just - michael go away , goddamnit ! he slam the window down and head tack to the bad . int . michael' bedroom . a week later - dusk michael sit before the tv - vcr , stack with cassettes . on screen , Peter lorre - wild - eye , finger glow radioactive and deadly - stalk a victim . oc , the howl of a fire engine . michael cock he head and with a dreamy look , he stand . int . a attic . minute later michael , glove and wobbly , dig through dusty box . his face soften - and he pull out a old . singe fireman 's helmet with the insignia n.0 . 17 . he lay it down - hesitates - pull he glove off reach out with he hand --- and grabe the helmet ... a searing flash of white and a roar int . a fiery , flaming buildingg [ as if michael be there ] a fireman - he he1met label N.O. 17 - race to a open window vith a girl in he arm . down in the street - other firemen , buffete by a strong wind . look up , hold a satety net . the firman toss the child down to safety . suddenly - the window be blow in , shatter . the fireman fall to the floor - cut and daze . above hirn - the flame dance - and then everything come down on top of he - back to michael in the attic as he be jolted to the floor , one hand grasp the helmet . ext - a tree - line STREET [ as if michael be there ] a battalion of firemwn at attention as pallbearer carry a coffin . seat at a review stand , drape with a black cloth that read new orlean FIRE department be a woman - 30 , siiently weep , dress in widow 's black - and a SMALL boy ( strongly resembling michael ) - 8 , in a black suit - hold a singe fireman 's helmet with a N.O. 17 insignia . he watch the coffin pass , fascinate . the boy Pov a tall , wavy - haire man in ninteent - century garb walk solemnly beside the coffin . the pallbearer do not seem to notice . he give the Boy a melancholy smile . the boy poke he mother and point to the man . but she just pat he hand solemnly . she do not see what he see ... back to michael on the attic floor as he drop the helmet - and weep int . a children' hospital ward . day fill with kide . bandage , cast . eye patch . play , read , watch tv . rowan stroll in . smile at the scene - and approach the boy she save - he head bandage , he snap together plastic Lego piece create a race car . rowan so - how fast do it go ...? ' boy ( look up smile ) reallll fast . Seven hundred mile a hour ... mmmmm ... a minute rowan wow ! that 's almost as fast as my car . the boy squint at she - figure out if she 's kid - angel - michael stand in the doorway he 's watch rowan . he be hollow - eye . gaunt - but clean - shaven in clean clothes . rowan be unaware at he presence . rowan ( crouch beside the boy . quite serious ) that 's if I turn on the retro-burners . ( pause ) of course , I only do that if r'm be chase . ( the boy' eye pop he 's hook ) never be catch yet . she offer she palm - and he slap she five . rowan how 's you head , Terry - -? feel anything - like a balloon in there ...? he shake he head no . she affectionately rub he cheek then rise and bead toward the door . michael put he glove hand behind he back . and - they alec meet . almost palpable electricity . a long beat . michael Dr. --- mayfair ...? she nod - but she face betray she shock at he appearance . rowan Mr. curry - - - she otter she hand . he hesitates bring a glove hand from behind he back - and they shake hand . she watch he as he stare at the boy . michael they like you ------- kid . rowan ( smile ) I guess so . the trick be remember how to act like one . ( a beat. soberly ) I be glad you call , Mr. curry . I want to see you . ( pause ) why do not we go to my office ... she gesture toward the hall . he nod hesitantly - and they walk out of frame . int . rowan' office . minute later shelves line with text on child 's disease and prenatal , postnatal , and infant genetics . michael stand peruse the book . rowan sit at she desk . rowan I have read the storey - and see the news coverage . michael ( turn to she - scowl ) ' freak at the week . ' that 's what the tv crew . call it - ( a grim smile ) people come right to the house . they have a husband or wife who skip town - or a miss kid - they bring a sweater or a toy - and ask I to touch it . so I can teel they where they be .. look she straight in the eye . a wave of current flow . michael I do not remember you at all - ( pause ) you - you save my life - bizarre thing to say , be not it ...? rowan ( she warm smile ) I be glad you be around to say it . michael ( dark ) my jury 's still out on that , rowan ( turn almost sharp ) then call it in . Mr. curry . whatever 's happeninq to you - death be not the preferable alternative . ( soften . a grin ) I be in the life business - remember ..? h muster a weak smile . tug at he glove . she rise . rowan ( warm. soothing ) let 's see what we can find out - ext . a boat dock . day - a hour later rowan and michael walk down toward she boat . she glance at he glove . rowan do they keep everything ' out ' ...? michael as far as touch thing , yes . but the vision - that keep pour into my head - ( stark ) it will not go away God - if I could just understand it . they step onto the boat 's deck . rowan walk to the spot where she revive he , and kneel . rowan you have no pulse - .. you be go . michael - tightly - wound - kneel beside she . squeeze he eye shut - a deep sigh . rowan do not be afraid , Michael . her tone - and the use at he name - open he eye . a electrity sock between they . he peel he glove off steel himself , flatten he palm on the deck - and wait ... rowan what do you see ...? michael ( he face be a blank ) nothing . absolutely nothing - ext . a outdoor deck . day - later michael stand stare down at the dock and rowan be boat - the ocean beyond shimmer . he turn and walk through open glass door , inside to a kitchen -llving room area rustic , unadorn . half - wall by the glass door . michael sit at a choppinq - block island , and scare at he glove hand - rowan pour he a scotch and sit across from he . rowan just one . the bar 's close . michael ( gulp down the drink ) the one time I want it to work ... rowan you know - door and keyhole be common signpost in out - of - body - michael ( bristle ) you be not gonna give I the textbook analysia , be you doctor ...? my vision be just the chemical reaction of a oxygen-starved brain - and nobody - rowan no. I be not . ( a beat - enigmatic ) doctor should be the first one to admit utter ignorance about some thing . michael nod in surprise . he try to pull a cigarette from he pack , he glove finger fumble . rowan reach out and still he hand with hers . she take out a cigarette , put it in he lip - and light it . they eye lock . rowan touch I . ( michael be brow crease ) my hand be all over you . maybe something will come from I . ( soft. soothing ) touch I Michael - she hold she hand out to he . he hesitate - stare at she offer . he strip off he glove - reach for she hand - and take they in he ... a flash of white melt to ext . on the deck of the boat as rowan slam she fist into michael be chest - and he jolt to life . she caress he cheek in unmistakable long . the image be sucked through a hole in itself to int - rowan' kitchenn [ as if michael be there ] where a man - 50 , in a bathrobe - lie twitching on tfle floor , eye glaze into death - rowan be crouch beside he , weep , fist clench , mumble Graham ...? rowan' voice ( oc ) owwwwwww ....! suddenly back to rowan' kitchen as rowan - with a yelp - wrench she hand free or michael be vise girp . he tumble backwards onto the floor . rowan race round to he and kneel - cradling he head geritly michael ( eye open - weakly ) my glove ... she grab they , and slip they on he hand . her lush hair be tussle by a stadden breeze that blow in from the deck . michael ( softly . awestruck ) I see it . on the boat , I be - dead . ( pause ) you bring I back ... enongh electricity to light a city . he take she hand gently in he .. - michael ... with this . the breeze send some papers into the air . rowan bend to he . they lip meet in a soft brush or a kiss - and then the gate open . lip search - hand tear at clothes . limb entwine . a whirlwind of flesh find a rhythm . two pound ; themselves into one - Rough , on - the-edge - rowan harder ... michael rowan ... rowan harder ! michael like this ...? like this ...?! rowan yessssss ... int . rowan 's live room . later rowan and michael lie entwine , naked , before the in the firepalce in the live room - they watch the.flames ... michael you be very --- different . rowan I will bet you say that to all the woman who bring you back to life and then seduce you . she rise on a elbow - with that enigmatic . look . rowan what else do you see- Michael ...? michael ( a curious grin ) what be you - a mindreader ...? ( a beat . turn solemn ) who be the man on the kitchen floor . ~.? rowan be brow knit - stunne . not what she expect . rowan ( stiff. softly ) my uncle . Graham . he and my aunt , ellie raise I . ( pause ) he - he - have a stroke - just before ellie die - of cancer . last year . michael you knelt there , helpless - you could not save he . ( pause ) there be so such anger in you - . death infuriate you ... she put she head back down on he chest . a long beat . rowan it 's unbelievable that you can do that . michael ( a beat . turn dark ) it - it feel like - like I be be fill up . crowded out of myself . ( pause ) like I be fade away - rowan ' slide up face to face . her eye fill with warmth rowan you be here , Michael . all of you . she lean in and kiss he deeply . and they start again . ext . close - up - michael' face floating underwater - the water stretch it eerily . pull back to reveal michael lying on he stomach on the dock - daytime he head out over the edge , stare at he reflection michael I have always love they . ( pause ) New Orleans have this great old house . when I be a kid , I would look at they , think - ' somebody dream they up , put something where there be nothing ... ' it amaze I . he turn to rowan , who sun herself on she back on the dock . michael my mother and I use to take long walk and make up storey about the house and the people who live inside . ( pause ) the Queen 's house -. the gangster 's house - . the clown 's house - like that . rowan and whose house do you design ...? michael oh. the Green underwater ghost 's ... the man with the eye in his hand ... rowan ( a beat . watch he ) you still feel that crazy ...? he pass . then smile and shake he head . michael no . not vith you . a long beat . rowan I be bear , in New Orleans , too - michael really ...? you family there ...? rowan nope - my father die before I be bear . my mother die in childbirth . el1ie be my only blood relation . so she bring I here ... the day after I be bear . michael be brow crease - he reach out and stroke she ankle - but she sit up . pull she leg away from he . stare out to sea silently . he stare at she back . michael too much ... too fast ...? rowan mm-hmm . ( pause ) scare - I feel a little like the moth and the flame . michael ( a beat . softly ) so do i. she hesitates - turn round to he . and - she stretch she ankle out to he - and he grin and run a finger across it . int . a doctor' office . a week later geoffrey sit at he desk , phone to he ear . geoffrey ( into the phone ) ... always concerned about he heart - so the fact he be not drink be great . rowan ( into the phone ) I will keep you up to date geoffrey . Goodbye . pull out to reveal rowan , naked , stradaling michail on he back in bed in rowan 's bedroom , naked except tor he glove . he look better - color in he face the circy go - she hang up the phone and lean over he - rowan he 's very pleased with you response to the surroundings . michael he fool around with he patient too . he point at he glove hand and wiggle he eyebrow slyly . rowan you touch he --- and see he ...? what be he doinge . kinky ...? michael it 's come to that , huh ...? Three week - and you need a psychic skin flick to perk up we sex life ...? she lean to hit , hair cascade into he face reach behind she - find he - and put he inside she . rowan ( velvety ) it would appear that 's not the case ... int . rowan' live room . night michael and rowan sit on the floor play scrabble . she tap the board impatiently as he stare at she letter . he eye she tapping finger , and look up at she . rowan you come back from the dead and you can not make one dumb word ...? he make a face at she - and look back down at he letter , he thumb in he cleft . she cock she head and watch he . rowan you look very deep when you do that . ( he stop do it ) it 's interesting . we be complete opposite - I would never just sit and wait for insparation . I would skip my turn and swap some letter . michael Ms. yin , and Mr. yang ( suddenly inspirea ) aha ! he place some letter on the board . she watch and recite the letter one by one , befuddle . rowan y-u-h-e-e-y-a-h . yu-hee -yah ...? no way , buster use it in a sentence . michael okay . ( a southern drawl ) y'all make sure and come back now , reeeeal soon - yu'heeyah . she break out laugh . he take a pencil - lean to the score - pad . she lunge for the pencil rowan hey - no fair ! that 's not a word ! they go roll on the ground , laugh , wrestle ... int . rowan' sailboat . day move swiftly across the ocean . michael sit - glove hand on the rudder - watch rowan pull in the mainsail . michael why do not you let at do that ...? rowan just sit there and soak up the vitamin D. michael Doctor 's order - - -? rowan Captain 's order . she tie off the lanyard and sit beside he . stare out at the scene - a dreamy , content look . rowan perfect . michael ( watch she . a beat ) you sure be . his tone turn she head to he . her smile dissolves . rowan Far from it , Michael ... do not put I up there . michael all I mean be - rowan you do not know what you mean - because you do not know I . she stare at he - sigh and shaking she head - rowan Christ , Michael - what the hell be we do ...? we do not even know - michael ( he grin bloom ) be this the part where you try and talk yourself out of how good this be ...? rowan ( refuse to smile back ) I be serious . you do not - michael ( not let it go ) let 's see ... next you tell I all the terrible thing about you - and prove that we be doom to fail - right ...? ( pause ) you hate kitten and puppy , you have drivin all you lover to suicide -- and that mysterious death at the hospital be really - rowan ( simmer ) stop it . michael ( he grin dissolves ) you stop it . ( pause ) you be loving , and gentle .. you be the most remarkable woman I have ever meet --- so stop tell I I do not know what I feel just cause you be scared . Cause it will not work . they gaze lock - and --- rowan be eye suddenly fill with tear - michael be face crease with concern . he reactre for she - but she rise - start pace . michael ro --- what be it ...? a long beat . she finally turn to he - rowan what you ' see ' --- I in the kitchen - with grahm - when he be die ...? ( michael nod ) my anger be not frustration Michael . ( pause ) it be hatred . ( michael wince , stunne ) he try to molest I while he wife lay half - dead in the hospital ! ( pause ) ellie 's love be the one thing that connect I to the world . sha be all I ever have . ( chill ) at that moment , I hate Graham with a fury you could never imagine ... pause ) ... and that 's when he have he stroke . ( a long beat . softly ) I want he to die . ( pause ) howqs that for ' perfect ' ...? a tear slide down she cheek - the mainsail snap loudly as it fill with wind . her tear come full - force . sobbing , she lunge into he arm . se hold she tightly . a long beat . rowan ( pain . ashamed ) I be a doctor , Michael , and I want he to die . dissolve to int . michael' house . day rowan wander wide - eye , stunne by its beauty . she enter the bedroom , where michael stand , stare at the mess . michael seem more like a year than a month . rowan Michael - this place be increadible . you - you be brilliant ... ( go to he ) the thing you create ... he nod slowly - and shrug . she take he hand in hers . rowan I call Dr. style at the neurological Institute in L.A. , remember ...? ( michael nod ) he say he would see you . he be intrign . michael ( deadpan ) God know , I be intrigue . rowan ( stern ) Michael , do you want to wear that for the rest of you life ...? michael ( stare at he glove . a lonq beat ) rowan you could fly down tomorrow . I could be there the next day ( she warm smile bloom ) I think I can last that long without you . he slowly nod . search each other 's eye . then a crooked smile curl at rowan be lip . she shake she head . rowan we be quite a pair , you and I . michael ( match she grin ) mad. for each other . ine . a bedroom . late night moonlight on a dusty floor . diedre lie motionless in a old brass bed - she open eye welling with tear . her wrist and ankle in leather restraint . the window curtain flutter . close - up - diedre's face in the moonlight as a tear roll down she cheek - then change direction - move across she cheek , and disappear - as if someone have brush it away . a haunt smile bloom - she eye close ... int . a operating room rowan work feverishly on a out of frame patient . thirteen figure - face hide by surgical mask - encircle the operate table - watch silently . rowan throw she hand up in despair , she confidence fail . rowan I - I can not do it ! the other urge she on - implore , encourage she . rowan ( point out of fram . frantic ) but look ! look ! how can I do it ...? rowan shoot up in her bed at night jolted awake by the rain whipping at she window . the clock say 3 a.m . the rain be like a whisper . every nerve - end at attention . she reach under the bed and bring up a bat . heart pound . stepping into the hall , reach the darkened live room the wind moan . the rain flow thickly down the glass wall , give the sky and ocean beyond a weird , melt look . rowan ( tense - but brave ) it somebody 's here --- she whirl round . there - on the deck , be a man - wavy hair , achingly handseme , victorian clothes - the man at the funeral procession in michael' vision . his hand rest on the glass . the rain seem to go through he . rowan raise the bat - rowan I will take you goddamn head off . ' she dash to the glass door - yank they open and step out . but the deck be empty . drenched . she reach out - and touch the glass where the man 's hand have be - she snatch she hand away quickly - and stare at she fingertip . incredulous . int . rowan' kitchen . pre-dawn the storm be over . rowan sip from a wine glass , stare at she fingertip . she rub they together , deep in think . the phone ring once - and the answer machine kick on rowan' voice ( on the message ) you have reach 555-2lo1 . rowan come out of she fog - stand - and head toward the phone . the caller clear its voice . a woman' voice ( on the phone machine ) ( a southern accent . hesitant ) ellie ...? ellie - be you there ...? dammit. ( pause ) 555 - 2 - 1 - 0 - 1 ( pause ) ellie --- this be carlotta . rowan stop - cock she head . who ...? carlotta ( on the phone machine ) ( a sigh. cool measure ) e11ie - diedre die at five o'clock this morning . ( pause ) obviously , there be 1egal matter . you discretion will be - rowan ( snatching up the phone ) hello ...? who be this ...? carlotta ( on the phone ) ( beat. cool ) who be this ...? rowan rowan mayfair . who 's call ...? carlotta ( on the phone ) ( a long beat . cool ) I wish to speak to ellie mayfair . rowan ' ellie mayfair be --- dead . carlotta ( on the phone ) Dead ...? ( pause ) why be I not notify of ellie 's death ...?! rowan I beg you par --- carlotta ( on the phone ) ( brusk . in command ) when do she die ...? rowan ( get angry ) who be this ...? carlotta ( on the pone ) ( a long beat . very cool ) this be you aunt . carlotta mayfair . in New Orleans . rowan stare at the phone , dumbfounded . my aunt ...? rowan I do not have any aunt - and I have never hear of a ' carlotta ' - or , for that matter - a ' diedre ' ! just who - carlotta ( on the phone ) ( like a cold blade ) diedre mayfair be you mother . the sky fall on rowan she reel . a long beat . rowan ( hushed ) my...mother ...? carlotta ( on the phone ) ( cold . no sympathy ) yes. ( pause ) listen carefully , rowan . have you attorney contact I at once . there be matter of immediate - rowan ( reeling ) but my mother ... ellie say she die - carlotta ( on the phone ) ( curt. annoyed ) I under5tand . all the same rowan - ellie say she die when I be born ! she 's be alive ...? all this time ...? why have I be lie to when - carlotta ( om the phone ) I have you send away . rowan ( astonished anger ) who the hel1 - carlotta ( on the phone ) it be quite warrant by the - situation . ( pause ) I realize this be a shock , but really , rowan - you never even know she . it 's not as if you have suffer some great - rowan ( anger explode ) what 's the matter with you ...?! what kind of person be you ...?! carlotta ( on the phone ) a very tired one . I have be up all night - and I would . like to rest before the funeral . ( pause ) have you lawyer - rowan when be the funeral ...? ( silence ) I be come to my mother 's funeral !! carlotta ( on the phone ) ( out of control - for a moment ) out of the question ( pause ) rowan , come here will not change the - rowan I be come down there !! and it you put my mother in the ground betore I arrive , you will wish you would never see my face ! be that understood ...?! rowan be revving . shaking . a long beat . carlotta ( on the phone ) ( weary . resign ) lenigan 's mortuary . St. Charles and carondolet . one o'clock . ( long pause ) you should not do this rowan . a click on the line .. a dial tone drone ... rowan slowly hang up . tremble . her world spin off its axis . int . rowan' bedroom . dawn rowan be shove clothes into a suitcase , grab the phone and push re-dial . ring . click . a recorded voice come on ... int . a hospital room . same time michael lie in bed sleep . a voice recording wire and contact connect you have reach the sayle to he forehead and hand . neurollogical Institute . patient be reachable by back to rowan in her bedroom phone from eight a.m. to rown toss the phone on the seven p.m. if you be - bed - and continue pack ... int . san francisco airport terminal . early that morning rowan at a payphone , phone to she ear , tapping she finger nervously . a airline ticket in she other hand - ring - ring michael ( on ' the line ) hello ...? rowan Michael ! Jesus I have be try - michael ( on the line ) rowan ...? rowan listen . last night - oh Christ , this ' 1l take forever to explain . God , Michael ... michael ( on the line ! ) ( alarmed ) what 's wrong ..? over the p.a. system - " last board call for flight 6 - 0 - 4 to New Orleans ... " rowan wince rowan Michael - I have to go - to New Orleans . I will - I will call yati when I - michael ( on the line ) ( alarm rise ) what about you come down here ...? a long beat . rowan make up she mind . rowan go to lax and get on a flight to New Orleans . go to the ponchartrain Hotel and wait for I . I will call you there . michael ( 0n the line ) wait a minute . rowan - what be go on ...? rowan Goodbye , Michael . ( long pause ) I love you . she hang up . and dash toward the gate with she ticket . int . a airliner above the cloud . later that morning rowan alone in she row , asleep . moving in tight , the sound of the plane fade ... her tongue dart across she lip sensually . a soft , silky moan . her body move - shifting . accommodate . her breath catch . her head arch back . rowan' voice [ in her head ] harder ... man' voice [ in her head ] ( it be not michael be voice ) rowan ... rowan' voice [ in her head ] harder ... man' voice [ in her head ] like this ... like this ...? rowan' voice [ in her head ] yessss ... man' voice [ in her head ] always love you . rowan . always ... she shudder - come in she sleep . her eye open hazily ... she straighten up - and wince . her face crease . huh ...? she feel herself between she leg . her eyebrow arch ... int . a funeral home . that afternoon sunlight spilling through high , ornate window . a hundred people - drink , smile . the air be thick with familial intimacy . floral arrangement have take the place over . snaking slowly through crowd . we hear . woman # 1 god-only -know what go on in she head ... man # 1 be in back yet ...? lonigan do quite a job . best she 's look since the baby . ( pause ) sixty -three ...? woman # 1 sixty-one ... I remember , cause Julien be still alive . the camera clear the crowd and hold on rowan in the MAIN entrance - suitcase in hand . bewilderment clouding she face . a man - 45 , black suit , somber - approach she . beatrice mayfair - 40 , a lush figure in a satin dress - turn and stare . man good afternoon . I be Jerry lonigan . May I ask who - beatrice ( sudden realization ) oh my god ... be it ...? mother of Christ - she 's here ... head turn . voice fall silent . beatrice - eye welling up - step to rowan . beatrice you be , be not you ...? you be rowan ! she hug a startle rowan . in the crowd , silence shift to a astonished murmur . " deedee 's little girl ...? " " it must be . that be mayfair eye " " do Carl know ...? " beatrice rowan - I be beatrice maytair . you cousin . deedee ... you 'r mother and I - we - we grow up together . rowan ( fuzzy ) I want to see my mother . man ( jerry lonigan ) ( a beat . almost defensive ) we - uh - we do what we could . the skin be ... I mean - diedre have really --- beatrice be quiet , Jerry . ( take rowan by the arm ) come with I , darling . she lead rowan away . curious eye watch . hand reach out . " welcome home , cousin " " she 's with she maker , sweetheart " rowan clutches beatrice be hand . " we be glad you 'r here ... " beatrice you hold on tight as you want . they near a doorway . a smaller room be visibe . Soft voice inside . shadows move on the wall . and - carlotta step imto view - cane in hand , whizzene and stiff - but peerless . rowan freeze . she know this woman no mistake about it . they eye lock on each other . carlotta ( a cold frost of a smile ) you come . ( a long pause ) I be you aunt carlotta , my dear . rowan ( glacial ) I want to see my mother . where be she ...? carlotta ( a hint of a grin ) in the coffin , my dear . where else ...? carlotta look for a flinch or a wound , but there be none - rowan be steel . carlotta turn to the doorway . carlotta hush up , now . all of you . deedee 's little girl be here . all the way from San Francisco . give she some peace with she mother . go on . get a bourbon up in the front there . I say move . people come out of the room , eyeing rowan carlotta Bea - let go of the girl 's hand . beatrice glare - but step aside . rowan come forward and halt at the doorway . she can see the edge of the gleam coffin . a deep breath , and she walk into the room she be alone . slow step toward the coffin . rowan halt . stand above the coffin ... look down ... diedre lie in a bed at flower . fold hand on a pale blue gown . rowan be hand hesitates , lightly touch the gown - and then drop to she side . she stare , expressionless . int . a backseat of a taxi . same time New Orleans ' Garden tistrict pass by outside the window . splendid , old house of pink and lavender . and now - the mayfair mansion , in all its tragic glory come into frame . michael ( oc ) pull over ! angle - michael in the backseat of the taxi he lean to the window and stare at the house , seize with melancholy . the cabbie pull over . michael they - they let it . die. ( the saddest of smile ) God , I love this house . use to walk by , rattle a stick across tbe fence ... michael open the door and step out . cabbie meter 's run , mister . michael walk to the gate run he finger across it and grin . on the other side , blood -re camellia blossom lie in the grass . he kneel , reach in and gather up a few . the rest skirt away in a sudden breeze . he rise - and come face to face with ' the man ' - stand on the other side of the fence - smile faintly in he victorian clothes . michael drop like a stone a hand grasp he shoulder . he yelp - turn to see Aaron lightner kneel beside he - then everything go black . int . a stretch limousine . later that afternoon rowan stare out from the back seat at the Garden District . beside she be beatrice then ryan mayrair - 50 , elegant , thin . cool afflluence . facing rowan be gifford mayfair - 65 , corpulent , a face vein from year of bourbon . beatrice down here . darling , we figure : if you be take a trip to God know where - might as well have one hell of a go - away party . gifford ( a gruff chuckle ) in certain case , hell be the operative word . beatrice giff - shuttup. ( pause ) you be mother be a sweet child , rowan ... a lose little girl in a world too full at thing silence . sad glance be exchange by the relative . ryan ( kind. measure ) rowan - we be glad you be with we now . carlotta have always do what 's best for the family . we do not always understand , but she 's the anchor . anchor be hard and blunt by nature - gifford - and they hurt like hell if they fall on you . beatrice gif-ford rowan still stare out the window . a long beat . rowan I have be lie to my whole life . throats clear . body shift in seat . int . a bedroom . same time michael sleep in a mahogany bed . eye open , squinting . he sit up . his suitcase on a antique bench - clothes on a valet - a robe at the foot of the bed . he get up - wobbly - put on the robe and wander into a beautiful maogany and marble parlor where the white - suite aaron lightner sit on a lush leather sofa , stare benignly , ivory walk stick at he side . aaron how do you feel , Michael ...? michael be still unsteady , off - balance - about everything . aaron I be Aaron lightner - and this be the talamasca retreat in New Orleans . michael squint at he . aaron grin . aaron tal - a - mas - can . from the french . michael wobble - and aaron rise and gently steady he . so benevolent . patient . michael it be you - on the sidewalk ... suddenly , michael be eye widen - remember something . michael Jesus I have get - to get to the ho -- aaron ( calm. even ) rowan 's already call the hotel , Michael . ( michael squint at he - stunne ) at the cemetery by now , I would guess . suspicion darken michael be face . michael how do you know about rowan ...? I do not --- Cemetery ...? aaron with she family . rowan 's mother die yesterday . michael ( scowl ) rowan 's mother die at childbirth . and she do not have . any family . arron lies , Michael . desperate decption . ( sigh ) rowan have step into a world that 's wait century for she . michael you know what , mister ...? you be nut . and I be get out of here . he start back unsteadily toward the bedroom ... arron we know about the vision , Michael ... michael freeze . and slowly turn round . arron nod wisely . aaron there be great danger ... michael stare - dumbfounded , shake , search aaron be eye . such clear benevolence ... aaron I ask only that you stay here , long enough to be - educate . a few hour . michael you sound certifiable . yon know that . arron ( he wise smile ) should I think you certifiable if you tell I that hour ago , you see a phantom materialize before you eye ... ( bullseye . michael be jaw drop ) I have see he too , Michael . michael blanch . haunted thought racing in he memory . michael I - be see he as a child . lot of time ... but no one else do . aaron ( nodd ) come . there be a lot to read ext . a cemetery . same time - afternoon rowan and carlotta stand side by side at the front of the mourner before a enormous flower - laden crypt with twelve vault . carve into the top of the crypt be mayfair - and never die . four men slide the coffin inside the one open vault . a breeze kick up , send flower into the air . one land between carlotta and rowan . the old woman bend stiffly and pick the huge flower up . she smell it and a private smile bloom . the crowd begin to drift apart . rowan ( simmer anger . whisper ) she be alive all this year ... you never let I know she . who give you that right ...?! carlotta ( a narrow smile ) a mayfair it ever I see one . rowan I might as well be rowan Smith - or Jones ! you cut I off from every - carlotta I be tired . I need to rest . rowan there be thing I have to know ! carlotta nod slowly - turn - and start away . carlotta come to the house tonight . she toss away the flower . the breeze swirl it across the ground - and it come . to rest at rowan be foot . int . a room . that night a round gallery . windowless . a antique desk and two chair . on the wall - twelve , large , old portrait . michael and arron enter the room . aaron gesture ... arron all copy . but most be by the original artist . Suzanne be the first . michael look up at the portrait of suzanne mayfair , golden hair spilling from she hood . the pendant round she neck ... suzanne [ in michael' head ] go back , Michael ... do what you can ... he whirl to anotner portrait - deborah , with the scarlet curl and pendant . michael 's hand go to he ear . deborah [ in michael be head ] help we , Michael ... the door ... he 's swirl in a circle . voice crowd in ... and --- arronn suddenly grab michael be face tightly in he hand . aaron you have see they ...? when you drown ...? michael nod frantically . aaron gently take michael be hand from he ear . aaron go ...? michael nod . aaron lead he to the chair . michael sit , daze . on the desk art three , thick , leather - bound volume . aaron a nexus , Michael . rowan - the vision - and the man ... lasher. ( suddenly stern ) I must know this now : do you love rowan ...? michael nod . aaron nod , satisfied . a beat . aaron the talamasca be a world - wide ... ahhh - organization - but we do not - ( grin ) - ' publicize . ' ( pause ) we observe and record ... the extraordinary . since the Knights templar ... for eight hundred year ( point at the book ) a history of the mayfair . eyewitness account . the original handwritten document . from 1683 till now . ( pause ) I be the eighth observer of the family . ecu - one of the leather cover mayfair history volume it read : the mayfair history - volume one by petyr van abel aaron ( oc ) petyr Van abel be the son of Jan van abel - a brilliant pioneer of genetics . wide of scene aaron but petyr be a troubled soul , with paranormal gift . he renounce science , wander for year , and meet Suzanne of mayfair in Scotland . they fall in love , but she would not marry . petyr go to France - and soon join the talamasca . michael stare at the book , he mind stretch at the seam . micael you - you want I to read all this ...? aaron no. ( pause ) if you trust I - if you can be strong -- I want you to touch it . like a sucker - punch . ext . the maylair mansion . midnight rowan stand at the wrought-iron gate . she walk to the door - raise a hand and - creak - the door open there be carlotta , cane in hand . Inside , a few candle set shadow dance . a large white cat stroll up to rowan and rub against she leg . carlotta look up to the sky - carlotta a moon , but no star . ( grin ) clever . and she walk back into the house . rowan step inside follow carlotta down a long hall . up ahead , a door be open . rowan catch up - and step through - onto a patio that wrap around the outside of the house two chair . a table with a oil lamp , where carlotta sit , the cat in she lap . rowan sit . creak . everything so old . carlotta light the lamp . it make she face a amber skull . carlotta the house be yours . rowan ( surprised . simmer ) I do not want the - carlotta other property as well - here and in Europe . and vest holding - in sugar , oil , gold , electronics . liquid fund over eighty million . tmpcssible to put a figure on it all . all yours now . rowan ( disbely ) eighty million doll --- ? carlotta and this - if you decide to take the rest . she put a velvet jewelry box on the table . rowan open it . the emerald pendant catch the lamplight . rowan 's eye rise from the stone and study carlotta closely . a long beat . then the old woman grin - and shake she head . carlotta no , my dear . older than that . I be eighty - six - next month . rowan recoil from she - stunne . her thought be read . carlotta that 's right everything you think , rowan . simply a matter of will and practice ( pause ) you will learn . rowan shift in she chair . creak . spook . rowan why be I take from my mother ...?! and why have I be deceive ...? carlotta raise , herself on she can . and take up the lamp . carlotta come . int . ecu - the OPEN mayfair history of petyr van able very old , yellow parchment - with a fade , neat script . tilt up to the portrait vo narrative of suzanne in the talamasca ( a european accent ) gallery . move in and hold I , petyr Van abe1 , begin this on she beautiful face and she deep , account for the talamasca - green eye . May fifth , 1683 . I arrive in donnelaith at dawn , eignteen year since my leave ... wide of scene - the talamasca gallery arron sit beside michael at the desk . he place a syringe next to the open manuscript . aaron in case it become too powerful . ( pause ) I will be right beside you , Michael michael turn a page . remove he glove - rub he hand . ecu - the page petyr van able' vo Michael 's bare hand come all that I fear be true - into fram and hover ... the lady in question be my his fingertip descend - Suzanne . and she be to be and touch the page ... burn at the stake as a witch ... I be permit to see she in she cell ... a ferocious roar - and a flash of blinding white turn to int . a dungeon . morning - 1683 [ as if michael be there ] petyr van abel - 35 , scar1et hair , grey coat and large black hat - stand in a hall as a hooded figure unlock a door . petyr step in . the door shut . he squint in the darkness . woman' voice you will have no confession from I ! leave - ( laugh ) - or I will turn you tooth into mushroom ! petyr Suzanne - it be petyr . chain rattle and suddenly , suzanne - rag , fettere in chain - be before he . they embrace passionately . suzanne oh my love ... my sweet loving petyr . petyr I should never have leave you . never . suzanne but you be here now . all the year apart be wash away . they sink into a deep , long kiss . he hold she at arm 's length . his face grave and pain . petyr what have you do , Suzanne ...? they say - suzanne ( she defiance return ) no ! not what they say ! ( pause ) the Baron be beyond medicine . my - prayer be to save he , not kill petyr prayer ...? who do you pray to , my love ...? a smile wash over she . she caress he cheek . suzanne they be already pile the stick . there be no time . ( pause ) but petyr - you must know this now . I have a daughter ... we have a daughter . petyr freeze with astonishment . she smile sadly . petyr my God , Suzanne ... where - where be - she silence he with a gentle finqer to he lip . ssshhh ... suzanne across the sea in St. domingue . free from the grasp of fearful man . the clink of a key in the lock . she clutches petyr to she . suzanne it be good to have the one you 1 ove with you - when it be time to die . ( pause ) it will be a special day . the door open . Light pour in and burn everything to white . int . the mayfair mansion . late night rowan follow carlotta down a hall , the wall hang with portrait like that in the ta1amasca gallery . carlotta point at a woman - 40 , a blood -re gown . wear the pendant - stand before a pristine version of the mansion . carlotta marquerite . you great-grandmother . something of a practitioner herself , rowan . she point at another portrait : deborah - 20 , fiery red hair . a bare - shoulder blouse and pants , with the pendant , hold a riding crop - stand before a large house in the tropic . carlotta deborah , Suzanne 's daughter . she start the family fortune . her plantation cover half to Haiti . her crooked finger stab at another portrait : a man - handsome , black -ey , in elegant long coat and ruffle shirt . carlotta Julien . you great grandfather . clever , charming Julien ... we have we moment he and I ... you be forever in he debt . rowan glance at Julien . lamplight dance on he . do he smile curl - the black eye wink ...? her breath catch . carlotta what be it ...? rowan ( spook . edgy ) the lamplight . that 's all . they reach a wind staircase at the hall 's end . a gust of wind blow the lamp out . darkness . carlotta you can see well in the dark , rowan . rowan ( stiff. simmer ) better than most , I suppose . carlotta put you hatred for I aside , so you can clearly see what be ahead - a match light - and it burn out the frame to a hot white ... int . a inn . day petyr , hellish and gaunt , petyr van abel 's vo write feverishly at a table I be lose to all , forever ... how to tell what I have see on fresh parchment . and not sound a madman ? if only I be ... a sailor petyr glance out the window shall shepherd this page at a ship in the harbor . to you . I dare not board the ship , fear he will suddenly , he whirl round . follow and send innocent to look straight to camera they doom in my wake . I have cause for my dread ... the image shatter into ext . a seventeenth century town square . morning encircle by shop . a stake at the center , stick pile at its base . a torch burn in a stanchion . a church spire tower above it all . petyr be among the large crowd watch two column of priest near the stake . between they be suzanne - in a white robe , hold a large candle . the procession halt . she scan the crowd and find petyr . she smile at he . then - she face turn fierce . suzanne I never do any of you harm ! I be unjustly condemned ! I have no love for Satan ! the crowd jeer . " burn she ! " " witch ! " " send she ash to Hell ! " she hurl the candle down . suzanne witch , be it ...?! ( growl ) come now , lasher ! come ! a rumbling , like thunder , fill the air - a wind begin to swirl . the sky darken . curse from the crowd , as they raise arm and cloak against the swirl dust . suzanne my beautiful lasher - strike down that who would come to see I die ! the wind howl . shutter break free . window shatter . and from the rooftop , tile - a storm of they - shower down on the terror-stricken crowd . the town be be rip apart - and at the eye of the storm . suzanne watch , eye burn . panic . people rush madly , arm over head , trample that who have fall . cries in the wind . blood puddle the ground . shop burn . body pile at every doorway . armageddon . petyr stand in the center of the chaos , near a frantic priest . priest where be she ...?! find her ! suzanne ( oc ) petyr ! suzanne be high up on the church parapet she leap off - fly down , robe rippling in the stort and crash down atop the Priest . petyr - tear flow - kneel at she break body - and gently take she hand in he . a man' voice ( unseen ) ( powerfull. booming ) petyr Van abel ...! petyr look up - and race away - just as the loom church tower sway - and come crash down ... int . diedre's room . late night carlotta and rowan appear in the doorway . carlotta this be she room . rowan cock she head and sniff . she gag ... rowan my god ... she approach the brass bed - its leather restraint hang loose , its grimy , stain mattress be bare . rowan you keep she in this filth in restraint ...?. carlotta she do not feel they rowan ( through gritt tooth ) you be a monster . carlotta be at a window , point to the patio below . carlotta antha ... you grandmother ... she life end there , on the stone . head split open like a melon . rowan why be you do this ...? handing out this horror ! why ...?!! carlotta ( turn and look rowan over ) you have the mayfair eye . ( pause ) tell I , rowan --- what have that eye see that the mind can not fathom ...? they eye 1ock . the lamp 's flame dance in the breeze . carlotta ( know . chill ) he 's show himself to you ... on the deck . in the storm . rowan ( really spook now . a beat ) ' he '...? calotta ( read she mind ) and on the plane - he touch you ! rowan ( stunne . off - balance ) shut up ! carlotta lasher touch you and you love it . rowan it wes a dream ...! carlotta just like you mother - and all the other that feel he - and use he power - and go to hell with a smile ! rowan stop it ! carlotta Witches . rowan . that be what we be . rowan enough !!! rowan slam the wall . her fury rise . tremble . carlotta suddenly flinch . a hand to she forehead . a deep breath . carlotta ahhh ... you be strong . rowan start for the door . carlotta shuffles after she . carlotta save you anger for he ! let it keep you strong - as I have I have fight he all my life ... use my power and anger to turn he away ! ( pause ) diedre be not so strong . that be why I keep you mother a morphine , mindless shadow . rowan freeze at the door - and turn back to carlotta . carlotta and that be why I push you grandmother onto the stone - even as she have he inside she ... rowan you be mad ! you mind be sick ! carlotta ... and why I put thirty year between you and the beautiful monster . to kill the legacy ! ( pause ) you be the sum of he desire - rowan ( a hateful hiss ) you - be - a - murderer . carlotta ( a beat . a chill grin ) but I have to use my hand . none before you could kill with they mind . ( rowan stand freeze ) Graham , my dear . you uncle ...? bullseye . rowan step back in horror . the curtain flutter . rowan back up , unsteady , down the hall . furious . haunted . carlotta advance something fall oc . crash ! rowan no ! you be wrong ! you be wrong ! she have back up to the staircase . she trip aver the cat yowl - and grab the bannister . carlotta come face to face . carlotta do you like it ...? look down at Graham and know what you could do ...? rowan ( erupting . out of control ) I be not like you ! I be not ! you be cruel - carlotta suddenly wince - eye squeezing shut in pain . rowan - twisted - ( a jag moan from carlotta ) - vicious ! you vile , old - carlotta be hand fly to she head . her cane topple and rat-ta-tat be down the staircase . she wobble - equilibrium go ... rowan come out of she blind fury and grab she . rowan oh my god ... I - I --- ( pause ) be you alright ...? ( shake carlotta ) carlotta ...? carlotta !! and carlotta - wounded , stunne - slowly open she eye . carlotta you be more dangerous than I know ... you be strength will make he more than he have ever be . ( cold. pierce ) I should have kill you . rowan , release she - pierce , rock by the word . and she race down the stair into darkness carlotta I should have kill you when you where born !!! whack ! the door to diedre 's room slam shut . carlotta whirl round toward it . the wind moan . on the first floor landing - at tne bottom of the stair rowan freeze in she track at the sound . back on the second floor a gust of wind whip at carlotta be dress . she grab the bannister for support . a pierce whistle in the wind . carlotta wince . grab she head . the cat meow . carlotta so it 's now - when I be weaken .. ( pause ) you wretch obscenity ... blood trickle from she nose and mouth . a inner cataclysm jolt she - she grip slip - she topple down the stair ... on the first floor landing - the bottom of the stair rowan be freeze . katunk -katunk -katunk ... - out of the dark , carlotta tumble down the stair to rowan be foot . rowan stare wide -ey - then quickly kneel beside carlotta , grab she limp wrist , check for a pulse . she put she ear to carlotta 's chest ... she 's dead . rowan stare in horror --- then something shift in she face . something unknowable suddenly know . suddenly believe . rowan you be here . silence . she walk slowly down the hall past the portrait . stop with she back to a huge mirror in a ornate frame . rowan I know you be here . ( pause ) you kill she , do not you ... ( pause ) come out , you bastard ! behind she , in the mirror - a foggy phantasm drift across the glass - and be go . rowan look down . at she foot be the emerald pendant . she pick it up . oc , down the hall - the tinkle - tinkle - tinkle of glass . rowan walk into the live room Dust and decay . crack leather chair . a chadelier of a hundred cut - glass piece . do it sway slightly ...? rowan what do she call you --- lasher ...? she whirl round . there in the corner - the shimer , transparent specter - handsom , angular . rowan be stunne - but still . they eye each other . rowan what be you ...? the specter flicker - and disappear . sfle dash to where it be ... and then --- hand be clutching ; she from behind . she shriek --- she be twisted round --- and she look into michael be face - and violently cling to he . michael what be it ...?! tell I ! she try to find word . suddenly - she head swivel from here to there - look round the room ... rowan there 's something - someone --- here . he stiffen - and glance round the room michael where 's carlotta ...? rowan shiver - and slowly , she point to the hall . he take she hand . she 's like a mule . hold she ground . he have to pull she with he , out into the dark hall and down to the foot of the stair . there lie carlotta . michael stare drop-jaw . michael Jesus christ ... ( a beat ) be it --- a man ...? rowan ( stunne ) but how do - how could you --- from the dark at the top of the stair - ffftt -ffftt-ffftt . they freeze , and peer into the blackness . ffftt-ffftt ... michael pick up carlotta 's cane . name it high . it 's come down the step ... closer ... and - something leap out at that trot the dark ... rowan Michael ...! michael swing lethally - and the cat soar past he - yeeowwlll ! - and scamper away . they both exhale with spend fear - and look at each other . rowan ( a long beat ) you know ...? michael ( a slow nod ) I know . it 's not possible --- but I know . a long beat . rowan be start to tremble . she look down at carlotta be crumpled body . rowan she - she say I - I be a --- michael - a witch . rowan look back up at hit --- and nod . int . the mayfair mansion porch . a hour later . rowan sit hollow - eye in the rock chair . michael stand behind she , he glove hand on she shoulder . rowan ( quiet astonishment ) a whole town ...? I nod gravely . he start to pace , desperate for legic . michael it could have be a tornado - or a - a hurricane . maybe - rowan Michael - I see he ! twice ! ( a long beat . very softly ) carlotta say I --- kill Graham - with - with my anger . michael ro - you can not really believe that . nobody can murder someone with they feeling . I mean --- that 's crazy . rowan ( a eyebrow arch ) be it more or less crazy than die and come back to life with hand that can see ...? ( that silence he . a beat ) God , Michael --- what be I ...? a coroner come out the front door with gifford . paramedica carry a body bag out toward a ambulance . gifford walk to rowan and michael . they watch the ambulance pull away . gifford ( sigh . somber ) likely a stroke . ( pause ) we all get use to think she would live forever . ( pause ) well - she make it clear no ceremony , just cremation . pause ) diedre . . now Carl ... ( pause ) you get some sleep now . both of you . he kiss rowan - and he walk off toward a cadillac at the curb . a long beat . michael take rowan by the hand . michael c'mon . let 's go to the ho --- rowan ( jab a finger at the house ) he 's in there ! ( whirl to the garden ) or be you out for a stroll in the garden ...?! where be you , goddamnit ...?! michael grab she firmly - and shake she . michael even if it 's all true - that do not make you a witch ! it 's 1992 , rowan ! rowan ( she shoulder sag ) but it scare the hell out of you , do not it . Michael ...? he hesitates - and take she by the hand . track with they as they go down the walk and - hold on the swinging gate as they walk out of frame . track back along the walk , up the step , to the motionless rock chair , where the cat have curl up . the chair start to rock . rrmmff-squeak-rrmmmff ... int . the operating room in rowan' dream rowan work feverishly on a out of frame patient . the masked figure watch silently . rowan throw she hand up in despair , she confidence fail . rowan I - I can not do it ! the figure urge she on - implore , encourage she . rowan ( point out of frame frantic ) but look ! look ! how can I do it ...? oc - a muffle cry . tilt down slowly - the edge of the operate table come into frame - and on it , a tiny hand ... rowan be a HOTEL room writhe in a bed . it be morning . she scream - rowan look ! michael lunge into frame . grab she , shaking she . she shoot up wide - eye , sweaty , haunt ... rowan I have it again . I can not save it - I do not know what to do ... int . the talamasca gallery rowan sit at the desk , the talamasca manuscript open to the last page . michael stand stare at Julien 's portrait . arron refill rowan be coffee cup - and nod ... aaron many time over the past thirty year . why he show himself to I , I do not know but lasher 's not some mindless wraith . rowan then what be he ...? aaron a spacial entity . a organize energy . something that precede we definition of existence . michael a what ...? aaron a spirit . perhaps evil ... ( to rowan ) ... and he have come to you - with diedre go - you have ... inherite he . both Men stare at she . rowan stop look at I like that ! I be not some siren chant to the moon . and my life be not a cosmic whim ! I be in charge of my life - ( a long heat . resolve . firm ) - and I want to stay . ( michael do a double - take ) everything that be take from I be here , Michael . all this year , she be there without I . helpless . I should have be here . michael ( come to she ) rowan ... think of what 's in that book . think of last night ! rowan I be ! ( a sad grin ) and so be you . ( pause ) you think you would find yourself a nice , sensible doctor . pause ) Michael , if you do not want - he silence she with a finger on she lip . a long beat . rowan do you love I , Michael ...? michael yes . I love you . very much . rowan I have come home , michae1 , for the first time . I want to stay here - with you . a long beat . michael glance at aaron . aaron shrug . aaron go away do not mean you leave lasher behind . he be on rowan 's deck - and the plane ... geography seem irrelevant now . rowan Michael - you love that house as a child . you could work again ! you could make it ours . we will sweep out the horror . and lasher with it ! michael eye she . think . intrigue in spite of he fear . michael it would take mounth ... and cost a fortune . rowan ( a sly grin ) I be soon to be a very wealthy witch . a long beat . they look at each other with loving eye . int . rowan and michael' HOTEL room . late night . michael and rowan ' lie still in each other 's arm . a beat . michael what about you work back home ...? rowan they need doctor in New Orleans too . ( pause ) Michael - think what I could do with the money ! michael frown begrudgingly . he rise , walk to the window and light a cigarette . stare at the night . she watch he . he send a stream of smoke out the window . finally : michael you really feel he - inside you ...? she come up behind he . her hand slip round he waist . rowan it be like a dream . it be not real . michaerl but it be not a dream . and he be real . she take he face in she hand - and shake she head . rowan this be real . and she kiss he deeply . dissolve to ext . the mayfair mansion garden . a week later - day stu - hand on hip , a suitcase at he foot - and michael in overall and glove - look up at the decaye mansion . stu , do not I see this thing in psycho ...? michael just call I norman . stu well , normie - you will not have to worry about this one be finish for a lon time . ( michael grin ) how be the hand ...? michael the guy I tell you about - Aaron ...? he say I can learn to control they . that I could lose the glove at some point . bzzzz . something fly round they head . stu , swat at it . michael ' leave bee be - and the bee be nice . ' do not you father ever teach you that ...? stu ( swat again ) that 's a wasp . fucker will sting a tree if they be bored - ( pause ) so - where be she ...? michael jab a thumb toward the house . stu ( a old jewish man accent ) you find a nice doctor . tank gott . she make a nice live , mikey ...? and out the front door come rowan - jeans and t-shirt , hair tie back . stu start , beauty - stunne , wide - eye . stu wow ... michael ( blase ) if you like that type . rowan ( stick she hand out with a smile ) rowan mayfair . stu sut mckinley . ( strightfaced ) marry I . rowan ( she smile widen ) I think you be almost engage , stu ...? stu ( a deflate frown ) you really love this guy ...? rowan ( link she arm in michael be ) he 's get great hand . stu hey - I love glove - I look really great in glove . rowan ( appraise stu ) I like he . he can stay . stu , smile , and bow . michael hand he a sheet of paper . michael this be the best guy around . double up on the carpenter . ( to rowan ) let we examine the patient , Doctor . stu grin - and rowan and michael head for the house . int . the mansion - a hallway . day rowan watch as michael snap off a rotted floor plank . he look over the expose joist with expert eye . int . the mansion - a bathroom . day michael inspect the stud behind a crack plaster wall . rowan lean in and blow hard . plaster - dust fly into michael be face . he lunge for she and she scoot away . int . the second floor hallway . day michael and rowan , muck up and dusty , walk along . angel - a tracking Pov from behind they - come up swiftly --- bzzzz - ptit - bzzzz - ptit - and zipping past they and hold on a doorway as they arrive there . it be diedre 's room . silence . michael stick he head in . michael this be she room ...? they walk inside . we have not see it in the light . frayed doll on a shelf . a bowl of tarnish jack . a doll house . rowan ( melancholy smile ) the close I will ever get to she ... she turn to a antique toy chest , raise the cover . creak . rowan oh Michael , look ! he reach down and lift out a marionette by the wooden slat . it dangle on its string . he flick he hand - the marionette do a jig . rowan be eye have well with tear . rowan I will bet she have a wonderful smile . michael ( watch she . a beat ) let 's see . her face crease in contusion - then widen in understanding - . rowan you sure ...? michael ( nod with a smile ) it 's the next best thing to be there ' - right ...? she melt with love . michael tug the glove off he free hand with he tooth , reach out - and grasp the marionette . a flask of write ... into int . diedre's room [ as if michael be there ] forty year of decay have vanish . diedre - 7 , in pink jumper - on the floor on she knee . she hold the marionette suspend by its slat . michael' voice she 's - she ' beautiful ro. ( pause ) can you hear I ...? ( pause ) she 's six , maybe seven . a ear to ear grin . ro , she 's so - the marionette start to dance wildly - but diedre be hand be motionless . the marionette dance by itself . suddunly - lasher be lean over she shoulder . he puff he cheek - and blow . the marionette do a jig . diedre giggle ... lasher ( a loving whisper ) I love you .. . he kiss she softly . then - lasher look up , straight ro camera ( to michael ) - and smile ... back to michael and rowan as michael drop the marionette . rowan darken with concern . michael ( muster a smile ) I be okay . ( pause ) could you hear I ...? rowan nod slowly - try to read he . he take she hand . michael she be the happiest mop - top you have ever see . with a wonderfnl smile . she hug he tightly - and do not see he smile disappear . ext . the mayfair masion . a few day later the house be change . workmen everywhere . scaffold rise to the roof . the sweet cacophony of construction . int . the mansion - the MAIN hall . the same time rowan open the front door . in march beatrice with a basket . gifford follow with a brightly - wrap package . beatrice make way for the welcome wagon , darling . we be here to raise some hell . she start unpack the basket : bourbon , soda -water , crab , lobster , plate and utensil . rowan watch with a smile . beatrice I hope Ryan explain that if you stay in this town , you be shackle with pushy relation for the rest of you life . rowan ( straight - face ) he make that quite clear , yes . beatrice gifford - that box glue to you hand ...? gifford grunt , and offer the package to rowan she go at the wrapping . open the box - and peek inside . her smile widen . she pull out a gold see , screwdriver and hammer . beatrice be not they gauche ...? ( pause ) that steel thing be so - common . rowan ( deadpan ) nothing worse than a common tool . michael come down the stair - cover with grime . michael there he be ! michael see the group - and get a good look - over as he arrive . rowan everyone - this be Michael curry . michael hello .. rowan Michael - this be beatrice mayfair . and this be she brother , giff --- beatrice ( take michael by the arm ) never mind they - you handsome , dirty man . ( start lead he off ) I be go to tell you my darkeet secret . then - if you can still speak - you can tell I yours . michael look over he shoulder at rowan with a grin as he be lead away . ext . the mayfair mansion - the porch . later that afternoon gifford sit rock while michael shoot a bourbon with soda and give it to he . beatrice and rowan stroll in the garden in the bg . worker move in and out of frame . gifford take a long slug of he drink . gifford the mayfair woman have always rule the roost . the man pour the bourbon - but the woman buy it ( grin ) no one seem to comp1ain though . michael I do not drink . gifford wc all have we fault . rowan and beatrice strolling in the garden beatrice deedee come home middle of freshman year --- pregnant . well --- they send for the father - you father ... some assistant professor ... but he die in a car wreck on the way - near Nashville ... ( glance at rowan be shock ) you do not know ...? rowan somberly shake she head no . beatrice Carl be set on a abortion - but Julien would not hear of it . ( smile ) quite a man , you great grandfather . he truly adore deedee . truly . ( a beat ) Day you be bear . Carl announce ellie be take you away . Julien have a fit . but Carl win . ( sigh ) life just swallow deedee up after that . rowan stand silent . beatrice link she arm in rowan 's. beataice listen , darling - I figure you hear it all now , shed you tear , then you pour yourself a big drink of this life - and bottom up . she smile warmly . they look toward the porch and the man . beatrice you two see like a perfect fit . ( pause ) only two mounth ...? rowan mm-hmm . ( pause ) seem & lot longer . beatrice in the bayou , they have a say ... ' you choose the music for the dance - but fortune pick you partner . ' ( pause ) darling , I would say you be on a roll . ext . new orlean - the french quarter . evening michael and rowan stroll down a cobblestone street , past old terrace building . musics melt together as they go into the plaza do arm a large manicure park . a statue - Andrew Jackson on a rear - horse - stare down at they . michael seem far away . rowan you be think about he . michael I be wonder why the hell he have not show up . rowan he can not hurt we , Michael . it 's we - we love . he can not find a crack in it . he can not find a way in . michael maybe he 's just - wait ... rowan if we marry , we would shut he out forever . they eye lock . then michael sit on the grass and stare at the statue . rowan kneel beside he . michael ro , how long have we know each other . rowan I do not think of we that way - ever . michael ( grin . a beat ) either do i. ( pause ) I love you , ro . you know that . you be a total mystery to I - but I love you . ( pause you give I back my life . rowan than lett get rnarry , Michael . ( a beat. grin wickedly ) I could put a spell on you - and make you say yes . michael give she a " be that so ...? " look . he push she down in the grass , hold she down by the wrist . michael no , I will not marry you . ( grin ) well , go on --- do you stuff . she grin - and peer at he with one eye close . rowan come clo-o-o-o-o-ser ... michael lean all the way down to she . she whisper in he ear . his eyebrow go up --- and up ... michael you be a ve-ry bad witch , you know that ...? rowan ( a wick , sexy grin ) no , I be have -ry good --- and you aught to know . they smile bloom and they sink into a lon , deeeep kiss . int . mayfair and mayfair law firm - a conference room . day rowan , ryan and gifford , sit around the table , smile rowan soon . we have not decide . a tew week ...? gifford wonderful ! ( chuckle ) New Orleans air . it make folk want to mate . ryan we would better get to work on the papers . rowan paper ...? ryan Standard for a mayfair marriage . ( rowan frown ) rowan - there be a codicil concern the mayfair asset . they must be ... aahhh ... hold separate from the other party ... Michael that be it 's in the will - for century . tradition enjoin , rowan . ( pause ) of course , future earning from you practice will not fall into - rowan ( take command ) I have decide not to open a practice here ( pause ) I want to set up a research clinic . for infant genetic disorder . ryan and gifford glance at each other . interesting ... ryan that 's new territory for we ... but yes , we can look into that . explore shelter possibility , funding body . we could - rowan no tax shelter . no funding . I want to fund the clinic - exclusively . ( pause ) the diedre mayfair Research Clinic . ( ryan turn a little green ) I would like to find a exist building and move in immediately - while we draw up plan for new construction . ryan ( a beat . slowly lean forward ) that would mean liquidate sizable amount of cash . rowan I plan on liquidate almost evetything . knock ryan over with a feather . gifford chuckle walk to a sideboard and pour himself a drink . rowan we will put something aside for I and Michael - in both we name . ( pause ) the rest go to the clinic . ryan stare balefully . gifford raise he glass . gifford a toast : to the birth of a marriage - ( glance with a grin at ryan ) - and the death of tradition . ext . the new orlean waterfront . day aaron and michael stroll past a saxophonist on the pier . a riverboat cruise down the muddy mississippi . arron when I be six , be visit my mother in a hospital ward - and the beat of heart almost knock I over . I could feel the mechanism of life , Michael - and it terrify I . ( pause ) the talamasca teach I how to find my center . that 's the first thing we learn --- all of we with gift . they turn now into jackson square artist do portrait , fortune teller , clown , juggler . Soft jazz come from behind shadow , filigreed balcony . aaron it 's about fear , Michael . fear be the loss of a anchor . you must find you place amongst everything . then the fear will leave - and then you can decide what get in - and what do not . michael no scaredy - cat in the talamasca , huh ...? aaron there be a difference between sense danger - and be afraid . ( pause ) what define you in the landscape , Michael ...? what anchor you life ...? you work ...? you creativity ...? michael ( a beat ) rowan . aaron then focus on how you feel about she . because you feeling define you . ( pause ) take off you glove , Michael . aaron stop at a old , iron hitching post with a horse 's head at the top , embed in the sidewalk . michael hesitates - and take he glove off . aaron now - do you want to let anything in ...? ( a beat . michael shake he head ) then do not . ( pause ) touch it . Michael . michael take a deep breath - stretch he hand out and touch the post . a long beat . he sigh in relief . they look at each other - and aaron nod warmly . int . the mansion - michael and rowan' room . night rowan - in a robe - sit on the bed , brushinq she hair . michael - in pajamas - watch , and light a cigatatte . rowan smoke be bad for you heart , Michael . michael hey - I be get marry in the morning - I already give up drink . one crutch at a time , Doctor . she scowl . he stub out the cigarette - take the brush and start brush she hair . michael you be just afraid I will drop dead before I finish the damn house . rowan and I think I be the mindreader . michael ( grin . a beat ) I take off my glove today - with Aaron - ( she whirl round ) - and it be okay . rowan that 's great ! michael ( the wistful grin ) guess so. ( pause ) I keep think about the witch - when I be ... down there ( pause ) there be - caring . they save I , ro . they say ' go back ' ... wel1 - I come back - to you - to love you . I like see it that way , y'know ...? he scratch at he cleft . she grin lovingly ... rowan why do I love when you do that . - -? she push he glove hana away - and rub he cleft atfectionately with she finger . she grin . rowan be not we suppose to love somebody for they moral rectitude or they courage or they beneficence - michael they what ...? rowan so how come I love you most when you stick you finger in you chin ...? she give he a kiss . michael wanna snack ...? rowan a little wine ...? and he leave . rowan smile to herself - and start brush she hair . she pick up a hand mirror to see the result ... lasher be face lock back at she , just over she sholder . she jump a mile - whirl round ... there be no one there . she slowly look back to the mirror - there be he reflection again , with he melancholy smile . her face harden . lasher I be with you . ( pause ) you yearn to know I - so I be with you . you call I --- and I love you all the more for that . ( gentle. poignant ) I know how the desert flower feel when it drink of the rain . rowan be motionless , entrance by he word , by the music of he voice . translucent hand seep out of the mirror and frame she face . caress she . lasher you do not love Michael how can you love - if you lie ...? rowan lie ...? lasher there be thing you will not tell he . she raise a eyebrow . he stroke she . her eye close in sensual contentment . spectral finger caress a breast ... rowan Michael be heal . if I hide thing from he - it 's because love he . lasher take this in . do he smile ...? lasher then you will lie to he about I - will not you ...? rowan be eye snap open - narrow in anger . Heating up from within . focus on the mirror . suddenly the glass shatter - piece fall to the floor . lasher' voice you grow stronger ... and a spectral image of michael rise in sliver from the scattered chard - 1ike a shred , willowy phantom . lasher' voice ( in michael be form ) can he make you feel as I do ...? michael come through the doorway with a sandwich and a glass of wine . and lasher be go . michael ( chew . bad french accent ) a chardonnay , mademoiselle - pleasantly mild , but pretentious . rowan stare at he - between two world . he see the shattered glass - and come to she . her hand be bleed . michael hey - you be bleed . rowan ( fuzzy . hollow ) dropped it . michael grab a tissue - and start to wrap she hand . int . the mansion . a room . the next morning michael - in wedding attire - try to do he tie with glove finger . stu push michael be hand away and start tie it . stu you okay ...? michael just nervous . get marry , you know . ( pause ) get the ring ...? stu , what ring ...? michael shoot he a look - just to make sure he 's kid . michael get out of here . I be gonna have my final cigarette . I promise ro I would quit . stu pat he affectionately on the cheek --- and leave . michael light up a smoke close he eye - take a deep drag - and exhales . the thick smoke float in the air ... and it coat lasher be translucent form - make he visible . stand inch in front of michael . lasher blow gently at the smoke - and it float back toward michael be face ... michael open he eye --- lasher be go . michael put on he coat - and walk out ... int . the mansion - rowan and michael be room . same time rowan stand in she wedding gown . beatrice - in a gold dress - adjust rowan be cleavage to a more dare angle . beatrice always give the crovd a taste , darling . ( reach to the jewelry box ) now - Ryan say I be suppose to make sure - rowan ( suddenly cold ) I do not want it . beatrice open the box and take out the emerald pendant . beatrice ( mimick ryan be somber tone ) ' the heir to the fortune must wear the mayfair pendant a she wedding day . ' ( deadpan ) we should all have to suffer such burden . rowan then you wear it . beatrice c'mon now - give a little nod to mayfair tradition . and she fasten it round rowan be neck . the jewel gleam . rowan scowl at herself in the mirror ... knock -knock . baetrice turn to the door with a frown . beatrice nobody 's suppose to see the - aaron ( oc ) May I - come in ...? aaron open the door and step inside . his smile bloom . aaron the most beautiful mayfair of all . ( pause } they be almost ready . beatrice turn to rowan - and she eye well up . beatrice God bless this day , darling . she give rowan a hug and leave . aaron take rowan be hand in he . aaron thank you for this honor , my dear . rowan ( a warm smile ) you have be shadow the family for thirty year . it 's only fitting you give one af we away . aaron I have grow very fond of you you and Michael both . her smile broaden - and she cheek redden . aaron ah , the perfect touch . a blush bride . and she kiss he on the cheek . ext . the mayiair garden . later that morning it have be do up to extravagant perfection . the guest be seat - ryan , gifford and dozen of other . michael and rowan stand before a minister . stu , and beatrice be just off to the side . a string quartet be beneath a banana tree a ring glisten on rowan 's finger . she slide a ring on michael be finger . rowan I do . minister then - in the eye of God and he creation , you be husband and wife . the lover embrace in a kiss . the music start . rowan hurl a bouquet - then whirl to michael and embrace he ... so neither see the wind catch the flower - and take they far up into the sky ... ext . the mayfair ground - late morning a gaggle of mayfair in they party best . kid dart between grownup ' leg . back be slap . glass be drain . another corner of the porch arron listen as gifford - drunk - rmble on between gulp of bourbon . the cat sit in he lap . michael and rowan stand off to the side , listen . gifford turn over a rich southern family and you find wackos - right ..? well , with the mayfair , more than one want to be a witch . yup . a witch . a hand smack the back of gifford be head . it 's beatrice beatrice you babbling that nonsense - now ...? this be a wedding . gifford I be not say I believe it ... but I hear it ' nough time to know somebody do . ( chuckle ) they make a deal with the devil . y'know - " make we rich " - worship the number thirteen - the whole bit . and some stuff about ' bring they all back through a door ... ' beatrice gifford mayfair - I will cook you tongue on a spit ! ( pause ) witch ! gifford Hell - Julien believe it ... carlotta too ... and god know , more than a few of we call she a witch ! laughter from the crowd . arron glance at rowan and michael - who listen silent and expressionless . gifford ever take a good look at the portrait ...? gifford rise with the cat - and they all follow he inside . int . the mayfair mansion - the MAIN hall . moment later gifford , cat in he arm , have lead the group to the portrait . gifford see that ...? in each portrait , a mayfair stand a the foreground and in the background - at each painting - sometimes clear , sometimes partially hide - be a keyhole - shape door . gifford every one of them - in front of one of that door . see ...? they believe it ! the cat suddenly hiss and dive out of gifford be arm . rowan eye the painting - and take michael be hand in hers . gifford ( raise he glass ) a toast to rowan and Michael . May they always drink of love and always love to drink ! and he drink as laughter fill the hall . int . the mansion - the second floor hall . later gifford walk drunkenly down the empty hall . from behind he - a tracking shot zoom up and past he - bzzzzz -kpit ... and he walk into diedre's room New stud and sheetrock be up - the cat wander in . gifford ( stroll , bourbon - mellow ) ahh , deedee . fewer and fewer of we leave now , hmm ...? ( pause ) what happen to the storey when we be all go ...? then - he grin - bend down - and rise with the gold see . gifford two hundred buck for a see ... he angle the see so he can see he reflection ... and in the gleam gold surface , he see a hellish face of skull and bloodied flesh . his face . ext . the mayfair mansion . later that afternoon as the guest go home , rowan and arron lean on the porch railing , watch michael on the sidewalk , put stu in a cab . a long beat . then , rowan grin faintly to herself ... rowan yes - I do trust you . arron you power be grow . rowan . I be not even that focus . she look at he . they eye lock . her face sober at what she sense . rowan I have see he again . last night . aaron but you have not tell Michael . she shake she head no . michael come out the door - beatrice gifford ...?!! ( pause ) you see my big-mouthed drunk of a brother ...? ( shrug ) probably stumbling home , proposition the fire hydrant . ( hug rowan tightly ) safe trip , darling . and do not forget to put on the ' do not disturb ' sign . she grin at aaron - and head down the walk . aaron lasher will act , rowan . whatever it be he want - he 's wait three hundred year to have it . ( pause ) face he alone ... I do not like - rowan ( adamant ) lasher be my legacy - not Michael 's . ( pause ) Aaron , I have see the pain in Michael . I can not bear to see anymore . ( pause ) he 's not to know . swear to I . aaron stare back . - and finally nod . they watch michael walk along the outside of the wrought- iron fence to the gate , rat -ta-tat -tating with a stick . rowan Aaron - I really could protect he - if ... it I have to . watch michael , aaron reach out and take she hand . ext . bayou country . later that afternoon a small highway - the late sun filter through the thick , mossy tree on either side . Water shimer in the bg . a mercede coupe zoom into fame ! and speed away . inside the car rowan be at the wheel , with michael beside she . michael ( start sing . softly ) I be go back someday , come what may - to Blue bayou . where the - rowan ( growl out creedence Clearwater ) ' my pappy say ' girl . do not let the man git ya - and do what he do to I - caus . he will git ya ! ( drum the wheel ) bear on a bayou , bhorn on a byyyyy - yooooo ! ' michael lean back and appraise she . give she a I 'rn impressed nod . and she turn - and give he a wink . int . the newlyweds ' HOTEL room . that night michael , in silk pajama slack , and he glove , sit on the edge to the bed - rowan stand before he in a sheer robe . cool , seductive . she unty the robe 's sash , and it slip to the floor . the moonlight wash over she body . rowan ( soft . but al , ost .a command ) I be yours now - completely ... I want you touch . ( pause ) try , Michael . do not let anything else in . her face shine with passion and power . she peel he glove off - place he hand on she - and bury he face against she . he hesitates , then start explore she with he hand . she push he back onto the bed . a slow , sexual ballet begin - and escalate . she straddle he - and mount he . gazing down at he , she slide into a slow , thick rhthym . her eye close . a moan slip from she . rowan yes , Michael . harder - -. ( michael shift into a faster gear ) more ... lasher ( unseen ) like this ...? she stiffen - she eye pop open . lasher - spectral , he nakedness flicker - appear , wrap round she trorn behind . his face against she flushed cheek - he body move . get she back into she myth lasher I be with you , my love . like no other can ever be . rowan ( between passion and fear ) nooo ... no ! stop ! michael pound at she harder , hearing only passion in she voice : no for yes , stop for don't stop . he can not see lasher rowan ( go through the roof ) God , no ! oh god .... lasher stroke she roughly - perfectly ... lasher like no other ... michael Jesus ... rowan stop ! lasher always love you .. the body move like a fierce machine . rowan be climax take she to speechlessness ... she collapse onto michael . the lover lie still and silent . lasher be go . int . the HOTEL room . the next morning michael and rowan in bed , asleep . he wake with a sleepy smile and reach out to she ... she wake with a jolt - michael hi. I be Michael curry . you husband ...? rowan focus on he - get she bearing ... his hand slide under the cover to she body . she stop he . rowan ( almost hard ) no. ( soften ... ) not - not now . she pull the cover up over she . his grin show . michael when you get marry , I think the sex stop after the honeymoon ... she roll away from he . he shrug - and get out of bed . rowan open a eye , listen to he leave . she close she eye ... ext . the newlyweds ' bayou cottage patio . day rowan lie in a lounge chaise , eye close . she look under the weather . michael sit next to she , sketching - he eye dart from he pad to rowan . deft. quick stroke - michael you look a little green . rowan ( eye close . flat ) mm-hmmm ... michael maybe the shrimp you bad last night . rowan mm-hmm ... he grin . sketch quickly now , finish . he hold up it be a goofy caricature of rowan : gap -toothed , freckle , cross -ey , with pigtail go out at angle . michael so - you like you portrait ...? rowan - eye close - give the slight of nod . michael smile mischievously . michael gee - look at that . I do not know alligator come this far up on shore rowan mm-hmm ... suddenly - she eye pop open . she shoot up - rowan alligator ...? michael grin - lie back down - and close he eye . ext . a bayou gas station in the middle of nowhere . night the pump - old with fade paint . the ' office ' - a weathered shack . on the porch , a old man sit in the shadow with a accordion , play a eerie tune . a funky pick - up truck be park off to the side . the mercede pull in at the pump . inside the car michael and rowan wait for service . he honk the horn . michael everybody must be out back sacrifice a virgin to the crocodile god . he get out and walk toward the old man with the accordion , who sit with he back to the car . michael Excuse I .. ( tap the old man on the shoulder ) I be try to find - the old man turn round - half he face be a mass of ancient scar -. thick and deep - wind all the way down he neck . michael reflexively rear back stunne . the old man smile . old man Jesus stop here once - for direction . and out of the office come a attendant - 50 , greasy overall , a friendly grin . attendant gator get he nice , huh mister ...? michael stare at the old man . and then - the attenant see the mercede . his eye widen . attendant Jesus St. cracker ! look at that beauty ! he walk to the car , circle it , admire it . he smile in at rowan . two men - 30' , jeans and t-shirt - come out of the office , and stand , arm fold , stare at the car . the attendant lean in a window , eyeing the car 's interior . michael we on the right road to the cajun Kitchen ...? the two men get into the pick - up truck and drive off . attendant see ya later . boy ( to michael ) y'know , I buy american - every time . Hell , it 's the right thing to do but nobody ever build a car like they Nazis. ( pause ) keep go two mile Kitchen 's on the leave . michael get in the car . turn the ignition - and stare over at the old man , sit motionless . the attendant pat the car - and the mercede pull away . the old man start playtng the slow , soft tune again . ext . a SMALL dark road . minute later the mercede cruise . mossy tree shimmer in the headlight . inside the car rowan ( grin . a southern twang ) nobody make a car like they nasis ... michael ( grin . turn to she ) do you see the old man on the --- rowan ( straighten up . eye. widen ) Michael ! michael lock back to the road . the pick - up truck be stopptd in the middle of the road . michael jam on the brake and skid to a stop . then - from outside the window - click . michael turn - and stare down the barre1 of a shotgun hold in the hand of grin man # 1 . man # 1 you two lovebird wanna step outside ...? man # 2 appear at rowan be door - and open it for she . rowan and michael exchange look - and step out onto the road , on opposite side of the car . man # 2 I will bet somebody own a car like that carry a let o' cash . man # 1 yup. lot . michael ( simmer . deadpan ) that 's smart think . tell I - which one of you get to use the brain tonight ...? man # l 's grin evaporate . he shove michael with the gun . man # 1 give I you wallet , asshole ! michael glare at he . rowan Michael - give he the money ! michael dig out he wallet and hand it to man # 1 . man # 1 now be not that easy ... ? you should try harder at be a help , Michael . man # 2 that 's probably what she , say - " try harder , Michael . " right. sammy . man # 1 ( a lewd chuckle ) yeah . " harder . Michael . harder . " his word make rowan be eye widen . man # 2 run he hand across rowan be cheek . she stiffen . he hook he arm round she neck , draw she face to he roughly . man # 2 that what you tell he , hon ...? michael get you goddamn hand - man # 1 slam michael against the car . man # 2 lock rowan in a grubby kiss . she be solid stone . her eye focus on man # 2 like a gunsight . suddenly - he break off the kiss - and release she . stare at she weirdly . man # 1 ( laugh ) shit , rollie - she give you a shock ...? man # 2 step back from rowan , he face twist up . wince . something be happen ... rowan glare at he like a beacon . man # 1 ( he smile fade ) rollie . . .? hey , man ... man # 2 go down on one knee , hand go to he head . man # 1 come over to he - he alarm grow -. man # 1 hey - what 's witb you , man ...? man # 2 groan and fall to the ground . writhe in the glare of the car 's headlight , a trickle of blood at he nose . man # 1 whirl on rowan with the shotgun . man # 1 what the fuck 's go on ...?! what would you do to he , lady ...?! michael leap to the hood - take man # 1 down with a fly tackle - grab the shotgun and knock he cold with the butt . he whirl to rowan - michael get in the car !! ( rowan be entrance ) rowan !!! she 's in another world . he shove she inside - dive in he side - screech into reverse , do a 180 and speed away . inside the car michael - freak - drive like a bat out of hell . rowan slump in she seat , slowly come back . michael ( revving . blow away ) Jesus fuck Christ !!! that be you , be not it ...?! rowan ! ( she be silent . hazy ) but it be not like Graham - or carlotta not blind fury . this time you control it , do not you ...?!!! do not you ...?! rowan ...?!! goddamnit , answer I !!! she slowly turn to he - she face white and haggard . rowan ( flat. faraway ) yes . he stare at she - silent in the face of she power . ext . the mayfair mansion . late night the mercede pull up and park . michael get out , dishevel , scrape up . rown get out she side . they stand there . stare at the house . a long beat . she 's read he mind . rowan no - I do not kill he . ( pause ) would you rather I would let they kill we - after they would rape I ...? michael ( softly ) no. ( pause ) this be unreal ... rowan it 's not some fairytale in a old book . ( pause ) Michael - look at I . ( he look at she mutely ) I do not choose this , Michael . this be who I am. ( deeply . poignantly ) I love you . michael I love you too . a long beat . they walk to the dark house and enter . a light come on . stu come sleepily down the stair . stu what be you do here ...? they walk past he - silent exhaust - and step into they room and close the door . int . the operating room in rowan' dream rowan work feverishly on a out or frame patient . the rnask figure watch silently . rowan throw she hand up in despair , she confidence fail . rowan I - I can not do it ! the other urge she on - implore . encourage she . rowan ( point out of frame . frantic ) but look ! look ! how can I do it ...? oc - a muffle cry . tilt down slowly - the operate table come into frame - and lie on it , a tiny hand ... pull out slowly to reveal more of the body on the table the tiny hand and a arm join to a --- rowan sudenly wake in bed beside michael she toss the sheet back - and stumble into the bathroom . she close the door , kneel at the toilet --- and vomit . fade to black fade up to ext . the mayfair ground . a week later - dusk Autumn be brown the foliage . the mansion renovation show great progress . the rain pour down . int . the mayfair mansion - the live room - same time rain stream down the window . rowan sit read as michael kneel at the fireplace in a sweater . mutter , strike match , try in vain to start a fire . michael fall in New Orleans ... this whole town be waterlogged ! the match , the wood , my clothes , my skin . rowan that 's cause we be below sea level . michael ( crabby ) rowan we be below sea level . I have spend time there myself . rowan that 's not funny . he sigh - walk to the window and stare out at the rain , he back to the room . michael ( sing - half to himself ) ' I leave my heart in ran sanfisco ... rowan glance at the fireplace - with a almost mischievous look . she focus on the log - she gaze narrow - as if she be try to see something that be not there . she 's go inside herseif , summoning up something ... and - a flame suddenly flick out from the log . rowan intensitiet she stare and --- the log burst into flame . she grin to herself - and bury she nose in she book . michael ro , what do you think about - about spend Thanksgiving back in - turn now , he stop - see the blaze . huh ...? he do a slow turn to rowan - eyeing she suspiciously . michael you do that , do not you ...? rowan ( look up innocently ) talk to I dear ...? he shrug - and walk before the fire stare into it . rowan watch he . michael remember the first time we make love - and then --- rowan ( smile ) - we make a fire . a beat . suddenly she smile drop . she 's read he thought . rowan ( firm . almost defensive ) that 's not true . michael whirl round to she , he back to the fire . michael stop do that ! if I have something to say , let I say it - out loud . rowan give hi : a chasten nod . a beat . michael how can you say it be not true ...? we be not the same . not like we use to be . ( sigh ) you be change - all the time .. she rise - walk to he - and take he face in she hand . rowan Michael - what make you fall in love with I ...? michael ( a beat . straightface ) you beneficence . rowan ( grin ) I be serious . ( in earnest ) whatever it be - it 's still there inside I , be not it - change and all ...? michael hesitates - and nod . he slowly grin . michael just do I a favor . do not start anymore fire - or turn on the light by blink - or cook with you hand behind you - and suddenly - the blaze silently erupt from the fireplace - become a demonic , fiery virsion of lasher - a mass of jag , leaping flame - and hover over they , unseen by michael . rowan be eye bulge - and she wrap she arm . tightly - glaring furiously at the flame specter . lasher dissolves into a thousand flame - and disappear . michael separate himself fram she - startle . michael what the hall be you - and she pull he back to she - and hold he tight . rowan ( shaking with emotion ) I love you more than anything in the world , Michael . ( glance at the room ) more than anything . ext . the mayfair mansion . day - a week later michael and stu be high up on ladder fitting and hammer copper flash along the eave . they do not see rowan come through the gate and up the walk . michael ( sing ) ' there be a house in xew Orleans ... ' bzzzzz ... michael & stu ' ... they call the rising Sun ... ' rowan I think it be ' whistle while you work . stu ( look down ) be that a crack about we sing ...? rowan be that what you be do ...? michael grin - and go back to hammer . whack ! whack ! rowan ( brim with excitment ) Michael , I speak to the geneticist from Stanford , and she - and - a rung of michael ladder crack . he fall grab at air --- and finally grab on to a rung hang suspend --- twist . nobody breathes and he finally get he foot . michael goddamn sonuvabitch ! sigh of relief all around . he climb down . bzzzzz ... rowan you alright ...? michael a little sore . darm ... ( to stu ) finish up my section , will ya ...? stu nod - and lean to the spot where Michael be work . michael ( to rowan ) you be say ...? above they - stu pound the flashing whack ! something drop free from beneath the eave - grey , round - like a huge melon with ridge - landing in front of he on the gutter . bzzzzzzz ... two , black antennae wiggle out of a crack in the sphere ... stu ( softly - with realization ) oh shit ... the sphere split open - and dozen and dozen of wasp swarm out - a black cloud envelop he ... he scream - topple tram the ladder - and land with thud . rowan and michael rush to he . stu lie motionless ... int . a hospital room . evening - two hour later rowan and michael sit at stu' bedside . stu sleep - he arm in a cast - he face and hand swollen beyond recognition . michael shake he head sadly , steepe in grief . michael be he - be he gonna die ...? rowan ( she eye lock on stu ) lock the door . ( michael look at she - confuse ) lock it he rise and lock the door . then turn and watch , silent . rowan be still . her eye narrow into slit of concentration . the air seem to shimmer around she . she lean to stu - to he grotesque swollen lip . she close she eye - and kiss he ... stu' deform face shimmer - the angry flesh lighten ... and slowly , it shrink back to he normal visage . rowan ' open she eye - and slowly turn to michael , who stand flatten against the wall , speechless , amaze . she turn back to stu , grasp he disfigure hand , bring he finger to she lip - and kiss they . , one by one ... int . the mansion - a first floor room . later that night the room be unfinish . there be a bed and a dresser . michael sit on the bed , stare at the floor . rowan - in a robe - sit beside he . rowan it be a accident . ( michael raise a skeptical eyebrow ) Michael - there be not a house in New Orleans this old that do not have a wasp 's nest somewhere . he stare at she - unconvince . she try for logical - rowan Michael - why would he want to hurt stu ...? michael I do not know . he lie back and turn off the light . darkness . she lie beside he , reach out and find he hand . a long beat . michael you change he , rowan . you go right down to each cell - and change he . they lie there silently . int . the bedroom . later that night michael sleep . rowan lie beside he , stare out the window . a breeze whistle . she rise and walk out of the room - down the hallway - out the front door and down into the garden she stare at the sky . there be a bright moon , but no star . rowan ' a moon , but no star ... ' the tree and bush sway in the breeze . rowan the wasp be mean for Michael - but there 's only so much you can control , be not there ? the great and powerful lasher - undone by a faulty ladder -.. ( silence ) why would you hurt he ...?! answer I . lasher ( unseen ) I 1 ove you , rowan . I have always love you . ( rowan whirl around ) I only want to be in you thought . to bring myself into you thought - so I could be as we be now . rowan you violate I !!! on my wedding night ! lasher ( unseen ) ( curious . sincere ) explain this to I --- violate ...? rowan you bastard ... the breeze blow stronger . a huge flower drop at she foot . lasher ( unseen ) I make it for you . rowan bend and pick up the bizarre flower - intrigue . rowan make it ...? lasher ( unseen ) it be from love . rowan to love , you must be able to feel . lasher ( unseen ) if you know how I yearn for that ... and --- there in the moonlight , lasher materialize . shimmer . transparent . spectral . beautiful . melancholy . lasher if I could feel like you feel ... but I have only other ' feeling - . . like breere that blow through I . thing to be feel , yes --- but not nine to feel ... rowan ( to be reckone with ) it you harm Michael , I will let my anger loose . and you will feel that . do you understand ...? lasher ( chasten . softly ) yes. ( a long beat ) my love be as strong as Michael 's . how be it there be love in you for one - and not for another ...? she be stunne by the depth of he question . he smile . rowan you be very clever , be not you ...? lasher I be only what you be --- what all of you have be . ( pause ) what do you think of yourself now , my love ...? she stare at the flower . feeling its texture . smell it . rowan how much of it be I - alone and how much be you ...? ( lasher flicker ... ) lasher --- what do you want ...? and he dissolves nothing . she look at the flower . it start to shrivel - and disintegrate in she finger . dissolve to ext . the mayfair mansion . week later - day the house be closer to renovation 's end than the beginning . int . the mayfair mansion - diedre's room . same time the room be almost do . michael stand at the empty window frame . gloveless , with a sketch pad . bzzz-kpit ... he cock he head - and look over at the toy chest . he walk to the chest , open it . and take out the marionette . it dangle from he hand , twirling slowly . michael eye it closely - he face suddenly crease --- the marionette look like michael - it 's dress like he and it be wear glove . lasher' voice ! I love the room , Michael . and - the marionette start to grow ... michael drop it in terror - it keep grow - till it be life-size , it 's body clatter as it jerk about like a huge , wooden puppet-version of michael . the marionette Michael - you have forget you glove . better off with they on , do not you think ...? ( pause ) here ... and with a monstrous laugh , the marionette pull off a glove - and he hand come with it . blood spurt from the wrist ... the other glove fly off , with the same result . michael stumble back , flail at the muck . the marionette clatter to the floor in a zillion spark of dust . the disembody , glove hand lie twitching . and - they mutate . bubble , turn scabrous . claw sprout from the finger . they become monstrous crab with human eye scuttling along the floor toward michael ... at he foot now - climb up he leg - up he chest michael swat they to the floor - and stomp on they , again and again and again . turn they to pulp ... rowan ( CC ) what be you draw ...? michael be stand frozen at the window pad and pencil still in he hand . rowan come into frame . he turn - in the ozone . she look at the pad . he have sketch the marionette , dangle from a disembody hand . rowan that 's really good . ( a beat . she sigh ) I have to go mleet Bea for lunch now . ( micael be freeze ) I feel so have for she - there 's still no word on gifford - she 's a wreck . michael ( soft. fuzzy ) give she my best . rowan ' cock she head at he - lean and give a quick kiss and leave . he look down at the sketch and stare silently . ext . the french market . afternoon a outdoor bazaar . a old black man , cataract fogging he eye , play guitar while a black boy tap - dance beside he . rowan and beatrice sit in a OPEN patio cafe beatrice have a beer and a huge plate of oystert . chew , she point at the plate . rowan shake she head no . rowan that food poisoning do a job on I . beatrice I tell you not to honeymoon in the bayou. ( pause ) I remember when giff eat a bad batch of --- her eye fill with tear . rowan reach for she hand . rowan I be sure he 's alright , Bea . they will find he somewhere . beatrice it 's over a month . ( sigh ) the police say it happen all the time . she muster a weak smile . her eye shift to the crowd . beatrice be not that you friend ...? rowan turn to see aaron - watch the guitarist and dancer . rowan Aaron ! he turn - bloom in a smile - stroll over - and bow . arron the lady mayfair . good afternoon . he lean to rowan - and they kiss . I turn to beatric and kiss she hand . he sit down - and look rowan over . aaron be you alright ...? you look pale . rowan ( good-naturedly ) I wish everyone would stop comment on my health . I be the doctor . but aaron be suddenly very focus , concentrate . stare at she . and finally - he smile . aaron there be two . rowan two what ...? aaron two heartbeat . beatrice Excuse I ...? arron ( point at rowan be stomach ) there . rowan look down at herself . her eye widen in realization . rowan be you sure ...? aaron nod calmly . beatrice look from one to the other . beatrice what be you two talk about ...? aaron ( he smile widen ) rowan - be pregnant . rowan look up at he and beam . beatrice be stunne . beatrice but how could - how can you possibly --- ? and she sit back - and stare at they . int . the mayfair garden . later that day - dusk close - up - a BUSH with large emerald-green flowers have bloom . extraordinary , exotic , bizarre . oc - joyful laughter . pan to michael whirling rowan round in he arm . both of they grin and laugh . and he smother she with a deep kiss .. int . the mansion porch . night michael and rowan sit side by side , rock in they chair , hold hand , stare at the garden . michael if it 's a boy --- Taylor . rowan a bit much . ( pause ) Lucas . michael Nah - I have a shmuck of a uncle name lucas. ( think ) grayson . rowan ( make a tace ) where be you gitting this ...? ( think . she face light ) Aaron --- if it 's a boy . he grin - and nod . they lean to each other and kiss . michael and if it 's a girl --- diedre . she bloom in a painful smile . a tear run down she cheek . ext . the cemetery . the next day - dusk desert . rowan , with a bouquet of tulip , walk past shadow crypt and stop before the huge mayfair crypt the vault mark diedre mayfair - 1943 - 1992 . the vault 's ledge be festoon with flower . a long beat . rowan ( a sad smile . softly ) I be go to have a baby . ( pause ) Michael want to name it after you - if it 's a girl . diedre mayfair curry . pretty , huh ...? ( pause ) funny --- I never really think I would ever --- lasher ( oc ) I bring she flower too . rowan whirl round . lasher sit crosslegge on a crypt . she glance from side to side . lasher there be no one here but the dead . rowan go away ! I do not want you here . lasher if that be true , I would not be here . rowan it 's very dangerous to assume you know what a woman want . lasher from the night on the moor , when I be sweep into the world and first know this exquisite pain - it be a mayfair who have want I ! suzann . and deborah . stella - marguerite - antha - diedre - all of they . ( a beat . he melancholy smile ) and you will have a child ... she glare at he --- and slowly nod . lasher a girl ...? rowan ( eye he . a beat.very cod ) it 's too soon to know . she turn she back on he and put she bouquet on the vault 's ledge . she do not move . lasher suddenly lock confuse . lasher you fear I . why when you yearn so to know I ...? ( pause ) you want more from I than the pleasure . much more . he glide to she . his spectral face right before hers . lasher you crave what I might show you . what you can learn . what I can give you . ( a beat ) so much more than Michael can . rowan ( a powerful smile of strength ) what Michael give I be stronger than anything you could ever inderstand . lasher ( pain . touch ) but I could understand . I want to understand ! rowan I love he ! lasher ( shimmer . angere ) do not tell I that ! rowan I love michael . michael !! lasher flicker furiously --- and disappear . rowan scan the cemetery ... rowan lasher ...? lasher ...? scrrunnch ... she turn . the marble lid or a crypt be slowly slide off ... and clatter to the ground . then , the lid of a coffin come into view as it open . and - a discolor skeleton rise up and climb out - and walk toward rowan . she watch wide - eye hold she fear in check . the skeleton stop before she - raise its arm and bony finger gently caress rowan whiten cheek ... lasher' voice ( within ths skeleston ) ( tender - but menace ) Michael will look like this one day ... ( pause ) ... but not i. rowan be face suddenly twist in anger . she grab the skeleton by the ribcage - and slam it against the mayfair crypt it break into piece and crumple to the ground . int . the mayfair mansion live sloom almost finish . a magnificent design . michael , aaron and stu lift champagne glass for a toast . michael to the next mayfair : diedre - or --- Aaron . aaron be face crease in affection . stun . deeply move . they drink . stu examine the empty champagne bottle - stu anymore of this ...? michael nod - and head out the room . stu ( call after he . casual ) I - uh - I assume either one 's middle name be gonna be stu ... michael walk down the hallway past the portrait . pass the mirror , he stop - and cock he head . the glass be turn GREEN . he raise a finger and touch the glass . his finger puncture the greenness - and sink in up to he knuckle . re hesitates - and slow iy , draw he finger out .. the greenness pour out into the hall . knock he down . the hall be fill up , the greenness rise . michael struggle as it rise above he head - above the portrait and the witch come out into the GREEN - surround he deborah Michael ... do what you can . suzanne Michael ... help we ... the door ! aaron ( oc ) Michael ... Michael ... look at I ! michael be on the floor in the hall aaron be kneel , grasp he by the shoulder . aaron focus , Michael michael hone in on aaron - and point at the portrait . michael it be they . aaron nod soberly - and help he to he foot . michael do not tell rowan about this . aaron Michael , rowan should - michael no ! she 's pregnant , Aaron . she 's get that to deal with - and the clinic .. she be not to hear about this . ( pause ) do not you think I know she spend half she lite worry about I ... ( a beat . cool off ) listen to my heart , be not you ...? ( aaron nod ) the timex still tick ...? aaron give a somber grin - and they walk down the hall . fade to black fade up to int . the clinic . week later - late night microscope , centrifuge , test tube rack , cubicle and refrigerator fill a large , dark , desert room . pan to rowan and lasher stand at a corner lab table a single candle flicker . she hold a close , long -stemt rise in she hand . lasher be transparent hand reach out and melt into bar . rowan shiver from the union . lasher ( hypnotic ) imagine the sun . ( pause ) it be morning . it rise . the light wrash over you . it warm you . rowan look out the window . she 's go far away . outside the room . past the dark night outside . lasher now , rowan . give I the sun . she almost tremble with concentration . and then --- the rise open - the petal spread wide ... int . rowan and michael' bedroom . same time the wind gust outside the darken window . michael lie in bed , david copperfield in he hand tapping the book . uneasy . distract . he glance at the nighttable clock - 12:45 and scowl . he open the book to the first page . michael ' it be the best of time . it be the worst of time ... ' a bitter grin darken he face . he rise and walk into the bathroom . he strip off he pajamas and turn on the shower . int . the clinic lab . same time rowan hold the rise in one hand and light it with a match . it ignites . she drop it on a counter and watch it burn - darken and shriveling to a curl black ash . lasher ( unseen ) now , my love --- see it as it be . her eye never leave the burnt remain - but brighten in concentration . deep , shine tunnel . lasher ( unseen ) see the memory of life ! her body tingles with a remarkable force - and the black .ne petal start to uncurl - and brighten to a pink - then a vibrant , rich red . alive again . rowan shiver - she body go limp and she smile . lasher ( unseen ) ( delighted ) you see ...? you see ...?!! ( a beat. softly ) rowan think what the child might do ... int . the mansion - the bathroom . same time michael - naked , freshly shower , he face lather with shave cream . the antique mirror on the wall be completely fogge from the hot , steamy run water in the sink he begin to rub the mirror clear ... his eye widen - as rub by rub , he reveal - a monstrous tableau in the mirrorr : a deep , hellish landscape of nightsarish creature - part-human , part-grotesqueri . - torture . scream silently . they turn and see he and start fly toward he at impossible speed ... michael squeeze he eye shut . michael ( like a litany ) I - am - stand - in - the - bathroom !!! he open he eye . the mirror reflect only he lather face and the bathroom . a deep sigh . a long beat . he pick up a razor - and start at he cheekbone . as the razor descend , shave the lather off - there be nothing beneath the rather in tb. mirror . no cheek - just blackness . he stare in shock . another stroke remove more lather , revealing more of the void . he be mesmerize - and can not stop - shave faster until all the lather be go - and the upper half of he face float above a blackt hole in the mirror . and suddenly - - the grotesquery be try to squeeze through the black hole with ear- split howl - hand and arm and talon pull and rip at each other , fight to be the first to escape ... michael grab the mirror off the wall and hurl it to the floor , shatter it . silence . he steady himself , catch he breath . then he hesitantly bring a hand up and feel he jaw , he cheek and lip . a deep breath . he turn off the water - and walk out of the room . ext . the mayfair ground . the following morning two workmen be inside the dry , scrubbed swim pool on ladder . apply a new coat of blue sealant to the side . michael and stu on the side porch sip coffee . michaei have a distract frown ... stu ... donna 's gonna meet I in Key West , so I will leave here a week before Christmas and be back on the fourth . okay ...? michael give a distract nod . stu eye he carefully stu what 's wrong , Mike ...? michael shake he head dismissively . stu c'mon - you have not be able to lie to I since you ask martha rutledge out behind my back in tenth grade . michael sigh deeply . lip purse . wanting to speak . michael I be get --- leave behind . stu Left behind ...? this about rowan ...? michael yes. ( pause ) partly . it 's - it 's - ( a beat ) stu - do you believe in --- stu' eye shift to something behind michael - he expressiofl quizzical . michael cock he head at stu - and turn ... rowan stand in the porch entrance behind they stock still . pale. drawn . she 's be listen . stu hi there . want coffee ...? rowan and michael be eye meet . then --- oc - crash ! rowan and michael be eye be lock . stu - turn to the sound . angle - the swimming pool where a worker - up on a ladder - stare down , frown at the can of sealant that have fall . - its thick , blue-green content spread out on the bottom of the pool ... back to the porch stu what now ...? he walk toward the pool , leave rowan and michael alone . michael ( simmer anger ) when aid you get home last night ...? rowan what be you talk about ...? michael yyou look terrible . you be exhaust . you practically live at the goddamn clinic . ( pause ) even pregnant woman who be not doctor know that you can not - stu ( oc ) Mike ! better c'mere ! he stare at she - hurt , angry , baffle - and walk off . ext . down in the pool - moment later michael , stu , and the worker watch as the puddle of spill blue sealant on the pool floor begin to shrink ... huh ...? michael it crack the bottom . stuff 's seeping down through a crack . almost all the sealant be go - revealing crack where the can hit . michael tap the crack with he foot - and stu grab he as part of the pool cave in , leave a hole . michael lower a ladder inte the hole . it hit bottom . stu careful ... michael descend out of view . stu glance up and there be rowan - stare down at he , expressionless . michael ( oc ) somebody build a kind to room down here . int . beneath the pool . same time michael stand in a dark , dank enclosure of ancient timber - three toot square , six foot high . he turn - and trip over something . back up top at the hole in the pool - moment later michael ( oc ) hey - gimme a hand ! michael appear , struggle with a old , slimy , wooden crate . stu grab a end and slide it onto the poo1 . int . the mansion - a storage room . minute later rowan and michael - crowbar in hand - stand over the crate . michael dovetail . gotta be a hundred year old . rowan go ahead . he look at she , search she face . michael something 's wrong with you . rowan ( flaring ) nothing be wrong with I . I know something 's in there - and so do you . she grab the crowbar - and pries the lid loose . she yank the lid off - and they rear back . cough , choke ... michael Jesus Christ ! they slowly come back , lean in for a look at the content : a dozen , old , thick masan jar with air-tight wax seal . rowan take they out and set they on the floor . they be fill with greenish . viscous fluid . it 's hard to see inside - a 100 year of sediment have be stir up . but thing be settling it the jar . thing be become visable ... rowan Michael --- look . the jar be fil1 with head - skull cover with slimy flesh . jellyish , rheumy eye . Hair drift 1ike seaweed . rowan and michael stare . a long beat . rowan marguerite ... michael look at she - uncomprehend . rowan marguerite ! carlotta say - " margutrite be something of a practitioner herself . " she mean - like a doctor --- like --- suddenly - michael violently twist the top off a jar hissss ... they both gag at the fume ... rowan Michael --- no ! he plunge he bare hand into the muck and pull out a head . his finger sink into the skin . a searing flash of white - into int . a room in the mansion [ as if michael be there ] marguerite and julien stand over a man be corpse , lie on a table . lasher hover expectantly . marguerite take a crude surgical tool , server the head , and hold it up by the hair . lasher be brighten , swirl round and round the head ... marguerite now , my love - now ! lasher dive into the head - like a vapor suck inside . the lifeless eye suddenly glimmer - and come to life lasher' voice ( from behind the eye ) I be here , marguerite ! I can see ! but the eye start to flicker and dim , like a die light ... lasher' voice ( a plaintive cry ) no ... no pleeeeease ... I be go ... slip ... the feel ... oh , the feel ! noooo ! and now , there be only death in the eye again . back to rowan and michael michael drop the head . it break like a rotten melon . he be horror-stricken , wiping he hand frantically on he shirt ... michael he go into the dead ! saw with they eye - use they ... rowan - terrify - reach for he - but he push she away . I grab at the jar , inspect they , one after another ... michael this one ! through the glass , a head stare out at he - its state far superior to the other : the hair brown and wavy , the face grotesquely beautiful . he open the jar - and pull it out . another flash of white inro int . diedre's room [ as if michael be there ] a naked male corpse lie on the brass bed - mottle , lifeless yet alive , pulsing with lasher be spirit marguerite stand naked at the bedside . julien stand beside she in elegant attire - with a look of twistad fascination and anticipation . the corpse beckon to marguerite . she climb on the bed and mount it . the grey hand move with clumsy effort , paw at she . she begin to move in a steady rhythm . lasher voice ( within the corpse ) marguerit . - I can feel you ... julien ( lean in . face ablaze ) faster , marguerite ! faster ! faster ! marguerite speed up - but soon . the corpse be hand slip to the bed , lifeless . tear fill marguerite be eye . julien smashes the bedpost in anger and storm away . back to rowan and michael michael still hold the skull , eye to eye . michael Jesus - he try to fuck she and Julien - Julien be there - like , like a overseer ... rowan suddenly grab the head - and huris it to tbe floor . Glass and flesh and bone smash against the floorboard ... int . the talmasca garden . later that day - dusk rowan and michael watch aaron as he pace - he face a study in concentraticn . he finally turn to michael . aaron what have the witch always ask of you ...? michael " go back , Michael . do what you can ... " aaron yes - and you have . ( turn to rowan ) do you see ...? he be pass over into death - but the witch send he back - to the one person they know have the power to save he ... and they give he the power to show you what no one else could ... he grab michael by the wrist and raise they high . aaron with he hand ! rowan but why would they do that ...? aaron lean and smell a rise . think . a long beat . aaron to warn you . rowan be face crease in confusion . aaron turn to michael - aaron you have always say you feel goodness in they - that the witch bring you and rowan together . be not that right ...? ( michael nod emphatically ) they be reach out to you , rowan ! rowan but it do not make sense . they - they use lasher ... they conspire with he . aaron who can say the hope of redemption die with we last breath ...? they must see what the legacy have wringht - diedre , withere inside herself carlotta , kill and stunting she own flesh and blood ... surely they sense the child you carry - and the life it might lead in lasher grasp ... ( pause ) maybe , in death , they feel remorse for the evil they embrace in life ...?! michael and rowan turn to each other . aaron be pace again . aaron ( excited ) it feel right . ( pause ) there be a continuum , rowan . you be part of they . ( halt . a long beat ) they want you to stop lasher . the concept send they all deep into silence . fade to black fade up to int . ecu - one of the ancient head foating in its jar . caliper dip into the jar . pull out to rowan in a windowless room at the research clinic as she extract a chunk of flesh . she prepare a slide specimen , place it under a large microscope . she depotit a specimen in a centrifuge and turn it on . whirrrr ... she program the computer - and co1umn of figure and symbol start fill the monitor . she eye the screen and - lasher be spectral face appear within the glass . lasher and now - do you know ...? rowan be face harden . she stare back defiantly . rowan I know that you be evil . lasher ( poignant ) I only want to see as other do ... feel as other do ... ( sigh ) ... but marguerite could not help I . nor Julien ... rowan and now you expect I to stockpile corpse for you ...?! lasher ( he melancholy smile ) no , my love . I want nothing more of the dead . ( a long beat ) I want you to --- chang I . rowan fall silent - catch off - balance . lasher I have keep this from you , until now . you have to learn the magnificence of you power first . you have to see for yourself what you be capable of . ( a beat ) think . rowan - think of the rise - and the fire - and stu. ( pause ) you give Michael life again - you give life to the ehild within you ... ( a teat ) give I life ! make I flesh ! she 's stunne . he waft out of the screen - float round she like a sheath . she back away from he . he follow ... rowan it 's impossible . you want I to - to make you into something you be not ! you - you have no substance - you have no cell , no structure ... he circle round she . a unearthly court dance . she be sway , be sweep up ... lasher I have wait for you - the one whose science could match she power ... ( sigh ) do you know what it 's like - to sense the majesty of something so sublime just beyond you reach ...? to float in a dream that keep a . promise half - hide in its shadow .-.? ( a forlorn moan ) I do not choose to be such as this ! Suzanne bring I here . she call to I ! rowan but have I ...? ever ...?! lasher be everywhere - all around she - caress she ... lasher not with you voice , no ... but you do not need a voice for I . only the beat of you heart . that be you voice to I --- she be up against the wall nov , envelop by he . lasher --- and I have hear you from the beginning ... from it 's very first beat . rowan ( swoon ) I love Michael ... lasher ( seductive . tinged with menace ) then help I --- for he sake ... his sexual perfection have she float , eye droop . he kiss she deeply ... rowan you must not hurt he . must not - must not hurt .. lasher focus all you power on I , rowan until it be do . only I ... rowan only you ... lasher Change I , rowan , and we can change everything ... brighten , he fuse with she - two entity become one ... and she surrender to he ... int . rowan' lab . hour later rowan lie on the floor . her eye open . she rise groggily , and drop into she chair . cock she head , she sense keen . rowan lasher ...? ( silence ) lasher ! come to I ! silence . she smile cunningly - and nod , understanding . rowan ( think out loud ) you can not . you use yourself up in the passion . ( pause ) you need time . she start rapidly type at the computer . the screen show - hypothesis : to examine secondary growth activity cell induce by unknown catalyst - and resultingly , deduce nature of catalyst and it 's reanimative authority the computer shuttle . rowan type - posit : if hypothesis be successful , what be probabiliy data will disclose specific procedure for destruction of catalyst ? the computer shuttle . then , appear on the screen - 75 % she show a faint smile of tritamph . she sit back - put she hand on she round stomach - look down and smile warmly . rowan maybe Aaron be right . maybe they be try to help . can you feel they ...? ( she face harden with resolution ) I swear to you - you will never know he . when you come into the world , he will be go . this be my promise to you . she rise - flick switch on some hi-tech machine , turn back to the keyboard - and type - begin hypothesis dissolve to ext . the mayfair mansion morning the mansion be almost new . the tree be turn fall color . leave be fall . pan to the garden where the emerald bush be bloom again - small , crimson bud sprout from the center at the bright green flower . michael and stu on the sidewalk stand beside a taxi . stu rub he hand together . stu a few hour and I will be waste away in margaritaville . oh , sweet decadance . michael ( very low - key ) just do not fall off any ladder . a long , silent look between they . stu ( soothing ) mikey - pregnant woman get crazy you know that . I mean - hell , they be all crazy anyway - right ...? rowan come run out the front door - down the walk to they . michael seem to pull inside himself . cool. aloof . rowan I almost miss you . you have a great time - and a merry Christmas . she lean in and give stu a big htag and a kiss . stu you too . michael ' S mood make everything awkward . everyone sneaking glance . stu finally wrap michael up in a hug . stu you two be good to each other . and he get into the taxi . rowan and michael watch silently till it go out of view . rowan turn round and stare at the house . rowan God , Michael - it 's so beautiful . it will be weird without anybody tromping around in there , huh ...? she turn to michael . he nod faintly . they stare across the gulf between they . try to link up . he scratch he cleft with he thumb . she grin and step to he . her arm go round he . rowan ( softly ) hi. michael ( a faint smile ) hi. ( pause ) you - you wanna get some breakfast ...? maybe see a movie ...? rowan ( hesitant . softly ) I - I ... I can not , Michael . there 's stuff --- at the clinic - michael ( stiffening . curt ) gotcha . he step back - and head fcr the mercede . rowan wince . rowan Michael - and she watch he get in the car and speed away . ext . downtown new orlean . later that morning michael with a sad grin , look in a department store window at a incongruous christmaas display - Santa Claus in he sleigh , saxophone in hand riding down a replica of bburbon Street . int . rowan' lab . same time rowan stare frown at a monitor full of symbol . she sit back , weary . close she eye rub they . lasher ( unseen ) go on . rowan . go on . rowan ( smack the desk ) leave I alone ! lasher flicker into sight . she turn and hurl a notebook at he . it go through he and hit the wall . lasher what be wrong ...? rowan wrong ...? Science be not magic . lasher ( a beat . sottly ) I do not understand ... rowan you go into the cell --- and you change they . how ...?! lasher there be no think . there be no act . ( pause ) that be not what I be . rowan I do not know what you be !!! lasher ( passionate ) that be what you must discover . ( pause ) see what I be , my love . with all you power - see I , and know what I be . he approach . she brace herself - hold she ground - not back off . lasher do not be atraid . fear be not for you ... she straighten , tightening some psychic grip . she hold she hand out and frame he head . his face come to hers - meet it - then merge with hers - and they start to rise - join as they be - float up ... rowan' Pov - a trillion fleck of colored light dense , dazzle . the Pov move deeper - the density lessen ... fewer particle , frenzied , darting in a greenish haze ... deeper - terrifying speed now - zoom , plummete toward nothingness . oblivion -a pierce scream - rowan - suspended in the AIR with lasher scream - lurch free of he , and fall to the floor , daze . lasher swoops down to she , enfold she gently . lasher do not stop ! she weakly wave he off - gulp for breath ... rowan no ! lasher ( intense. urgent ) tell I what I be , rowan . she gaze at he painfully , shake she head vehemently . lasher rowan ... rowan ! she cover she face with she hand and turn away from he . lasher be face darken with anger - and jealousy . lasher ( cool anger ) you be think of he ... and she suddenly rise - and storm out of the room . ext . the mansion . day - a hour later rowan come quickly through the gate . she walk inside the house and down the main hall . rowas Michael ...? Michael ...?! pass the live room entrance , something out at the corner of she eye stop she . she turn ... rowan be Pov - the live room where a magnificent Christmas tree rise to the ceiling , cover with globe and star and tinsel so the whole room seem to shine . rowan walk slowly toward it - overwhelm , tear fill she eye michael ( oc ) Nice , huh ...? she turn and see michael and rush into he arm . int . michael and rowan' room . later that day they lie in bed , in each other 's arm . private thought , a long beat . michael let out a deep sigh . michael you have go away from I , ro ... someplace I do not know how to get to . rowan it 's not true . you have to believe I . michae be prepare he thought ... make he mind up . michael I want we to leave . this be not home , rowan . I could tear the house down and start from scratch - and it still would not be home . I want to go back to San Francisco - I want we child bear somewhere that 's free of death . that 's all there be here ! it 's in the ground and the glass and the steel and the ground . ( pause ) I want to leave . if lasher follow , so be it . let he face we in a place where we belong ! michael wait . and - rowan look away from he . rowan ( she voice be sad , but hard ) I can not . michael that 's not good enough . why not ...?! rowan ( suddenly erupting ) I can not leave now . do not ask I to explain ! I just can not ! that do it . he 's have it . he rip the cover off and stand . grab he pants and start pull they on . michael I have never ask you to explain yourself - because you use to let I inside ! but I be on the outside now ... you put I there ! rowan ( melting to urgency ) Michael - please - just . a little longer . do not leave . michael ( bitter. sarcastic ) why bother to ask , ro ...? why do not you just make I stay , ..? rowan stop it ! michael how ' bout a backward hex with a three - quarter twist ...? rowan ( flaring ) you bastard ! he whirl round and grab she violently by the shoulder . michael you could kill I - right now , could not you ...? could not you ...?! ( shake she violently ) tell I the truth --- be it lasher ...? answer I !! rowan ( tear up ) Michael - I be sorry ... just give I - michael no . they stare at each other - mile apart . a long beat . michael when you be ready to let I back into you heart , I 'li come back to you . he hustle he shirt and shoe on and storm out . rowan watch he go as tear stream down she face .... she run out after he - down the stair ... rowan michael !! the front door slam shut . her face narrow in anger - fury rise as she turn and stare at the Christmas tree . pop ! one of the shiny globe explode . pop ! another go . pop ! lasher appear , hover above the tree , smile . the angel at the top of tree fly off and smashes against the wall . lasher you be magnificent , my love . as rowan stand , entrance in she power . lasher swirl round the tree . the ornament sway in the maelstrom - tinsel and globe and trinket fly off , srash everywhere . bit of glass fill the air like color snow ... lasher encircle . rowan . she swoon to the floor - and he join with she ... dissolve to int . new orlean airport terminal . afternoon michael and aaron sit in a lounge . michael look draw and weary . he taket a swig from a drink and grimace . michael of not know what else to do . maybe I just do not belong in she life . ( bitter ) well - I be already out of she life . aaron nothing be ever more false . michael ( lean in . almost desperate ) then tell I . be it lasher .... aaron start solemnly - and finally shake he head . aaron I only know she love you - desperately . michael finger he glass . a self - loathing grin show . michael I will probably be back in a week ... but I can not spend Christmas in that house . ( pause ) you will check on she - every day ...? aaron every day ( grin ) twice . michail ( a beat ) Aaron - do you believe in God ...? arron ( he benevolent smile ) I believe we all come from the same force ... even lasher . he reach out and cover michael 's hand with he own . arron be we11 , Michael . be strong . ext . san francisco airport terminal . night micchael wask out into the fog . he get in a taxi and tell the driver - michael on the hill . 2712 fairmont . ext . the mayfair estate . same time aaron come through the grate . up to the door . knock -knock . knock again . silence . he walk along the porch , peer in the window . he head back down the walk . the emerald bush 's crimson bud have bloom into huge flower , he teach to pick one - and be prick by a thorn . blood trickle from he finger . he head toward the gate . int . san francisco - michael' house . night everything cover with sheet . michael wander a half - empty scotch bottle in he hand , sing softly ... michael I leave my heart in --- he stop - he face crease - gear turrn in he head ... int . michael' attic . a minute later michael digging in box . he find what he want - and yank he tather 's singe fireman 's helmet in both hand ... the searing white - hot flash - and int . a fiery , flaming build [ as if michael be there ] michael' father toss the girl to the safety net . suddenly - the window be blow in , shatter . michael' father fall to the floor . above he the flame dance - then everything come down on he ... michael' Pov swerve up to the rafter . there be lasher , hover in the flame , in command , undulate in the deadly heat , lasher glance to camera ( to michael ) - and smile ... michael drop the helmet - as if burn - and race out . int . michael' bedroom . a minute later michael stand with the phone to he ear - revving like a madman - listen to the ring on the other end of the line . michael pick up the fuck phone , ro ! int . the mansion - the live room . same time - night rowan , out cold on the floor . the phone be ringing . her eye open . she struggle to she foot . stuble into the hall - toward the phone . and - bzzz-kpit -kpit . she freeze . bzzz -kpit -kpit . upstair ...? she turn to the stair - hesitates - and start up ... int . the talamasca headquarters . same time - night a woman stand with a phone . aaron come into frme and take it from she . arron ( into the phone ) Michael ...? intercut between aaron and michael in he bedroom , at a fever - pitch , figure it out as he ramble ... michael Aaron - lieten to I ... it 's be lasher - from the start ! aaron what be you talk --- michael he choose I for rowan --- when I be a child ! back to rowan in the mansion on the second floor , outside diedre 's room . bzzz -kpit ... rt 's in there . she walk inside . bzzz-kpit .... back to michael and aaron on the phone michael carlotta be too strong for lasher . she get rowan away from he - to San Francisco ... but that take she away from I , too ! ( pause ) Aaron - lasher kill my father ! that 's what get I and mother out of New Orleans - and back to rowan - so we would meet ! ( chill to the bone ) Aaron he power . . . his control ... aaron ( equally chill ) rowan ... michael you have to warn she - this second ! I be catch the next flight back ! back to rowan in diedre's room stare at a sheetrock wall - all sense prime . bzzz -kpit . suddenly , she smashes she fist through - and start tear the wall away . ripping the last chunk away - and there sit gifford - decapitate , drench in blood . in he lap be the gold see , like a platter - and rest on it be he head . the cat lick at the mouth , wide open in a scream . int . a cab on a highway . same time - late night aaron speed down the road . lasher suddenly appear beside he , grin faintly . aaron glance at he . stunne ... lasher petyr van abel would have be proud of you devotion , Aaron .... you compassion . and I be grateful for they . arron look back to the road , try to shut out the specter . lasher the talamasca 's history make rowan 's nature clear to she in a way I never could ... and I be thanktul for that . aaron be face sink in realization of a century - old folly . aaron that be we purpose in all this ...? lasher since the begxn ( sigh ) we have be together a long time , you and I . and now it end ... the car suddenly swerve violently . aaron fight for control . as they skid and sverve down the road . lasher rowan fight she feeling for I , but she passion - she power - they conspire against she love . and I grow stronger . - finally - aaron wrestle back control of the car . aaron ( triumphant ) but there be still limit to you power , be not there ...? some of we be without desire - and we exhaust you --- do not we ...? the car enter a tunnel . suddenly - up ahead - a brick wall completely fill the tunnel . aaron stiffen - floor the gas - and zoom through the wall . it dissolves as he pass through . the car exit the tunnel . arron glance over at laher - and aaron grin ... and - - the steering go . aaron twist the wheel - but the car will not respond - and he 's headinq toward a steep embankmen .... aaron I 'rn right in the middle of the road ! there 's nothing wrong with the car ! lasher yes ...? let we wait and see ... the car swerve off the road . the cliffside loom ... aaron I be not afraid , lasher ... aaron stare - unflinch - as the car barrel over the cliff , soar down . down ... the ground racing up at he ... aaron I be not afraid ! the car plow into the ground - and suddenly - aaron be stare at the highway center- line as he speed along . lasher you be strong , Aaron ... ( a evil smile ) ... but other be not so strong . and he vanish . aaron be face crease in confusion . huh ...? a school bus be come up toward they in the other direction , on the other side of the road . aaron be face whiten ... aaron lasher , where be you ...? lasher ...?! lasher ! lasher ( unseen ) if not for yourself then fear for the child ... aaron can see the bus clearly now . pack with child . and he can see the sudden , uncomprehend look of terror on the driver be face . - as he inexplicably lose control of the bus . it suddenly skid - and swerve out of lane - head straight for a head - on with aaron . aaron hesitates - uncertain - waver - second to impact - and --- he swerve out of the bus path at the last moment -- sacrifice himself - fly off the cliff ... int . the mansion - same time - late night rowan stumble out of diedre 's room , down the stair , freak , look over she shoulder . and - she freese . see something that be not there . her face twist back to the cliffside - same time aaron be car tumble down through the air , hit bottom - and explode in a fireball . back to rowan at the bottom of the stair as she be send reeling to the floor . daze , fight a blackout . - slide down into she dream ... the operating room in rowan' dream rowan work feverishly on the out of frame patient . the masked figure watch silently . rowan I - I can not do it ! the other urge she on - implore , encourage she - rowan ( point out of frame . frantic ) but look ! look ! how can I do it ...? oc - a muffle cry . tilt down slowly - the edge of the operate table come into frame - and lie on it , a tiny hand ... pull out to reveal all for the first time ... it be a truly bizarre entity : the torso of a man - with the head , arm and leg , toe and linger of a tiny newborn . masked figure go on ! help he ! masked figure help we ! rowan how ...?! a figure remove its mask - it be marguerite . she take a scalpel and cut the entity from navel to callarbone , then fold back the skin --- within the chest cavity , the emerald pendant be where a heart should be . rowan scream . all but one of the figure take off they mask : they be the twelve mayfair witch - and julien . julien help he ! you be make for this ? rowan I can not do it ! how can I do it ...?! suzanne stop doubting you power !! then - the remain masked figure speak : masked figure no ! do not listen to you word , rowan . listen to the feel behind you word . listen to you heart . he remove he mask . it be arron . aaron it be not you power that you doubt . when you say - " I can not do it " - you be say - " I must not do it ! " you be say " I will not do it ! " ( he warm , kind smile ) this be what you heart tell you . rowan on the floor at the foot of the stair come groggily out of the dream . she rise unsteadily . and lasher stand before she . her face harden . he start toward she . rowan stand she ground - sense danger . rowan stop !' lasher halt - shimmer . stare deep into one another . rowan Aaron be in the dream . a dream till with spirit . ( pause ) you kill he , do not you ...? lasher ( a beat ) it be a accident . ( smile ) gifford , too . she tremble . her tear come . but - she steel herself . a long beat . rowan the portrait , lasher . why be the witch always before a door ...? tell I , lasher . now ! lasher ( he smile flash ) they want to come back . ( pause ) we have a pact - of mutual desire and consent . the mayfair ar. a beautiful tapestry . I have weave you all together - from the start . ( pause ) I bring petyr Van abel to Suzanne . he have genius in he . Scientific , precise . it be a perfect start . and on it have go - father to mother ... sister to brother ... father to daughter ... rowan shudder . turn ghostly pale . rowan oh god ... lasher ju1ien be you father you great - grandfather - you grandfather - and you father . all one in the same ... that be why he fight carlotta for you life . rowan be shake - back up in horror . lasher the mayfair pact . rowan : when I be flesh - I will unlock the door - and the witch will come through . ( soar ) you be the key to the door for the witch - and for I ! you be the thirteenth witch . laslirn glow brighter ... lasher I will be --- perfect . ( pause ) that be why I choose Michael ... rowan blanch . thrown for a loop . lasher smile . lasher the boy who would turn he dream into reality . the exquisite imagination ! so aesthetic , so vulnerable ... the boy so special , he could see I ! ( pause ) and I know he be the one --- for we . ( he smilas ) you think it love at first sight ...? ( shake he head ) I choose he for you . ( pause ) the union be human perfection . she do not quite get it . she 's revving , furious , confuse . lasher I create you to create I -- - and you have ... and now rowan see it all . stumbling back , terrify ... lasher it 's grow inside you ... wait to change ... wait for I . and rowan turn - and run ... a door slam shut as she race toward it . lasher ( unseen ) do you think you could trick I , my love ...? she whirl round - lasher float before she - glow like never before - a bright , pulsate emerald green . lasher you think I could not see into you soul ...? I make you soul ! rowan back up against the wall . lasher spread out - huge , dark , roiling . tower above she . the clock begin to chime . midnight . gong-gong-gong ... lasher it be Christmas Eve , my love the witching hour be at hand , when Christ be bear into the world - when the Word be finally make flesh --- and I would be bear too . I be do with wait ! he gather force , funnell in on himself , whirling like a tornado - and stream toward she like a jet of green vapor - rowan nooooooooo !!!!!! --- and the whirlwind jet up between she leg --- into she --- and disappear . she howl in unearthly pain - and fall to the floor . her water break - blood seeping now from between she leg - rowan ( absolutely , totally , completely freak ) oh god - oh my god - no , godddd , no !!! she shriek as a vicious contraction jolt she to she very be . and --- something be come out of she ... out it slide --- the entity from her dream . on its back - bloody , shine - a man-size head , its infant arm and finger and leg and foot grop and and move and --- elongate and grow with each breath , as it cry the cry from rowan be dream ... rowan slump into oblivion ... fade to black fade up to ext . the mansion . early the next morning - christmas day tracking with mihael as he barrel through the gate and burst inside the house . michael rowan !! rowan !! Racing down the hall , he freeze - stare into the live room . everything topsy -turvy . a carpet of break , color glass and pine needle cover the floor . he race toward the stair and skid to stop - a thick pool of blood on the floor there . michael race back down the hall ... michael rowan !!!!!! ext . the mansion garden . moment later michael race into frame - and stop - stare at a tall figure - clad only in pants - its back to he . ther figure slowly turn round . it be a man - delicate yet muscular but the skin , the expression , the texture to he be brand - new , newborn . and he face be a perfect mix of rowan and michael . in he hand , he hold one at the newly - bloom emerald - and -crimson flower . he smile ... the man I make this . it be lasher be voice . he hold the flower to he nose and inhale deeply - his brand - new face light with the most sensual of discovery . lasher the man ahhh ... it be incredible , be it not ...? ( hold the flower out to michael ) here . for you , Father . and michael know . he howl and stampede toward lasher , who wait with a delighted expresslon . michael barrel into he - they go sprawling to the ground . michael pummel he , tear at he , lose to murder and vengeance . michael you fuck bastard ! you kill my child !!! but lasher be laugh --- rejoice in the sensation , the pain , the movement , the flesh ... lasher the man but I be you child ! I am you son ! michael where be rowan ...?! where be she ...?!! lasher the man and this be pain ...? Father you can not hurt I . no one can . and lasher rise , lift michael up like a toy - dangle he in the air . lasher the man I be alive Father ! and he fling michael across the garden . lasher smile , and head for michael ungainly on he new leg . rowan come carwling out of the house - weaken , haggard , bloody , pale . rowan Michael ... lasher - stand over michael - turn toward the sound - and michael try to crawl away . lasher the man ( grin ) you want Michael ...? lasher strut to michael and pick he up by the collar . lasher the man here ! here he be ! michael hang still in lasher be grip , like the marionette . lasher jostle he , shake he with a smile . lash the man you could use some string , I think .. rowan be try to crawl , but she 's so weak . rowan put - he - down ! his - he heart ... lasher the man how be you heart , Father ...? be the timex still tick ...? he punch michael brutally in the chest . and then strike he again . michael howl - breathless , eye bulg - lasher start parade around the garden hold michael in the air like a break marionette .. lasher the man ( mad. possess . overdose on life ) look at I , mother ! be I not a wonder ...?! something new under the sun ! the world have never see the like of I ! michael ( a barely audible hiss ) a monster among man ... lasher ( suddenly expressionless . cold ) rowan and I will be together now . my time have come . you time be go . rowan no! do not ! lasher !!! lasher strike a deadly blow to michael be chest . michael seem to cave in .. and lasher hurl michael into the pool . michael sink like a stone beneath the water sinking into death for the second and last time . and - the witch seep out in the water surround he . michael let go , Michael . it be do - and he be beautiful ! perfect . deborah we can go through now . lasher will open the door and bring we back - ( pause ) Goodbye , Michael . let go now . let go ... the phantom fade away . Michael sink to the bottom . dead . back at poolside lasher stand , beam and proud , stare into the water . rowan drag herself to the pool - and stare down in horror . rowan oh god nooooooooo .... she try to slide into the pool - but lasher pick she up gently end deposit she on the grass . lasher the man mother - you must rest . you be still bleed . rest. please ... the wind suddenly pick up . the tree sway . and then - the witch ' voice swirl around lasher and rowan suzanne ( unseen ) lasher - bring we through ! deborah ( unseen ) now , lasher - it be we time . the voice beseech he , coax he , plead ... and lasher smile up at the sky --- a widen , cun , wick smile ... lasher the man you time ...? oh , my foolish one - but you be wrong ! rt be my time mine ! I be unto myself - one of a kind ! ( pause ) and I have rowan ! who else do I need ...? suzanne ( unseen ) ( anger in she voice . and panic ) the pact lasher ! the pact ! we have wait . now it be we time ! lasher the man ( a harsh laugh ) I have no time for you time ! be go ! deborah ( unseen ) ( desperate ) lasher - please ...! save we ! bring we through ! lasher the man ( suddenly vicious ) be gone ! - or I will send you where there be no world at all ! go ! the wind die . silence . he turn and see rowan drag herself toward the pool . he stride over and drag she away . rowan ( try to shake free of he ) let I go ... michaelllllll ... lasher the man enough ! he be dead . you be here for I now . Michael be go ! rowan ( venomous . spitting it out ) I will destroy you . I swear it ! if you do not kill I , I will find a - lasher the man ( stunne . sincerely wounded ) ' kill you ...? ' you be my mother . do you think I would hurt you ...? she twist out of he grasp and sprawl on the ground . glaring up at he . and then - the wind come up again . whipping the leave around . gather force . lasher look to the sky , perplex , surprised . his newborn eye wide and curious ... suzanne ( unseen ) rowan - he have cheat we all ? ( pause ) you be the thirteenth . use you anger . use the power ! use US ! rowan slowly rise , as if pull up . the sky darken . the wind swirl . lasher watch like a child , turn round and round - and stare now into he mother 's eye . lasher the man ( soft ) mother ... rowan glare it he . her body seem to harden . her eye flare . lightning flash - and a hard rain pour down . lasher be expression change . doubt ...? fear ...? lasher the man ( sott. heartrend ) I be you flesh ... this be you eye ... but she be steel . more than steel . she be a energy the earth have not know before ... and he see it in she fact . his melancholy smile come . lasher the man ( tender. loving ) I be you son . I would not wound you . I could not - ever . rowan ( eerily soft ) I know . ( pause ) you be my son - lasher almost melt at she word . he reach out to she - rowan ( turn cold as death ) - and may god forgive I . he freeze - arm outstretch , mouth agape . she look to the sky . rowan ( imperious ) now ! now !!! the wind be whipped into a frenzy ... a branch be tear from a tree - and crash into lasher . he stumble . thorned bush be rip from the ground and tear at he flesh . his blood run ... in the sky , a doten whirling funnel appear descend like avenge wind . lasher watch - he face darken . rowan be arm rise point majestically like a conductor direct a terrible symphony of destruction . the tunnel follow she movement , whirling and glide ... and terror rain down on lasher tree , flagstone , rock , the wroght -iron fence - everything be be uprooted , torn apart - and sent whirling , slashing , and crashing down on lasher . he fall to the ground . lasher the man mother my flesh !!! do not do this ! rowan be ominous - eye rivete on he . she point to the house - and it start to come apart . shingle , timber , window ... tearing loose , flying through thel AIR - showering down on lasher --- ripping he apart . lasher the man the pain ... my beautiful flesh ! flesh tear off bone ! bone pull from socket . his very be come apart , disintegrate . his cry begin to fade in the cacophony . rowan ' S eye never leave he . her arm swing round and she point at what remain at she son ... the funnel descend on lasher in a frenzy . everything be obscure by the cloud of dust ard matter ... than - a final , fade shriek come . - and than --- silence .. rowan 's hand drop to she side ... she seem to lessen ... to settle back into herself . the funnel fade ... the dust settles ... and where lasher lay - nothing ... the garden be go . the mansion be go . total destruction . rowan come out of she trance . she race to the pool and dive in and resurface with michael be lifeless body . she drag he up onto the ground - and frantically try to revive he over and over again . finally - she smashes he chest as she do long ago - but michael lie still . she drop upon he , exhaust - weep , inconsolable ... then -- she look up to the sky - fury and tear in she eye . rowan you betrayed he ! all of you ! look ! look at he !!! he believe there be goodnese in you - and you betraye he ! she stand , seethe - like a volcano about to erupt . think . focus . something be come together inside she ... she be remarkable . she reach to the sky - rowan I am the thirteenth ! I am the key ! come through the door ! all of you - come - through - the - door ! and the fabric of the sky tear ... a ererald haze show beyond it ... arid the phantom - witch come soar through the gash in the world - speed toward they mistress ... rowan all of we be one - from the beginning to now ! so I command you - come into I ! mlake thirteen one ! and the witch swoop down - and dive into rowan - fill her - become her . she brim with power . almost a celestial glow . she kneel beside michael , take he hand and press they against she heart . her tear cascade down she cheek ... rowan come back to I , Michael . please , Michael --- come back . I love you I love you , michael ! oh , God - come back to I ! she lean down and kissea he - deeply , deep as they love - long , long , long ... and --- michael open he eye . rasping , cough , shaking with the new life rowna have give he ... rowan , on she knee , lift he up and cradle he head in she chest ... michael ( barely a whisper ) lasher ... where --- where be --- rowan ( loving . soothing ) it 's alright ... it 's airight . he 's go , Michael ... go . slow zoom into rowan' face rowan everything 's go , Michael . everything except for we . ( pause ) but we be here . together . you and I ... hold on ecu of rowan she smile strangely , and --- her face flicker .... and then , from some new inner current , her face strobe b1 zarrely with the face of twelve other who come long before her ... rowan ( very very softly ) just you and ... fade to black the end