the Breakfast Club write and direct by John Hughes blank screen : against Black , title card : " ... and this child that you spit on , as they try to change they world be immune to you consultation . they be quite aware of what they be go through ... - David bowie " the blank screen and title Card shatter to reveal ... 1 . ext . shermer high school - day during Brian 's monologue , we see various view of thing inside the school include Bender 's locker . brian ( vo ) Saturday ... March 24 , 1984 . shermer High School , shermer , Illinois . 60062 . dear Mr. Vernon ... we accept the fact that we have to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it be that we do wrong , what we do be wrong . but we think you be crazy to make we write this essay tell you who we think we be , what do you care ? you see we as you want to see we ... in the simple term and the most convenient definition . you see we as a brain , a athelete , a basket case , a princess and a criminal . correct ? that 's the way we see each other at seven o'clock this morning . we be brainwash ... CUT to : 2 . int . claire' car - day we see claire and she father sit in they car in the parking lot . Claire be the prom queen and be clearly a snob . claire I can not believe you can not get I out of this ... I mean it 's so absurd I have to be here on a Saturday ! it 's not like I be a defective or anything ... claire' father I will make it up to you ... honey , ditching class to go shopping do not make you a defective . have a good day . Claire roll she eye and get out of the car and walk up the school front step CUT to : 3 . int . brian be car - day we be in brian 's car . his mother be there and so be he little sister . he be sort of a nerd . brian mother be this the first time or the last time we do this ? brian ( upset ) last ... brian mother well get in there and use the time to you advantage ... brian Mom , we be not suppose to study ; we just have to sit there and do nothing . brian mother well mister you figure out a way to study . brian little sister ( annoyingly ) yeah ! brian mother well go ! Brian get out of the car and walk towards the school . CUT to : 4 . int . andrew's car - day we see andrew and he father . Andrew be clearly a jock ; heus wear a lettermand jacket with lot of patch on it . andrew's father hey , I screw around ... guy screw around , there 's nothing wrong with that . except you get catch , Sport . andrew yeah , Mom already reemed I , alright ? andrew's father ( angry ) you wanna miss a match ? you wanna blow you ride ? now no school 's gonna give a scholarship to a discipline case . Andrew get out of the car and walk into the school . CUT to : 5 . ext . shermer parking lot - day we see JOHN bender walk towards we . he be wear sunglass . a car be come towards he but he do not stop walk . the car slam on its break directly in front of he . Bender get out of the frame . out of the car step allison . she be dress all in black . she step forward to look in the car 's front window and the car drive away . CUT to : 6 . int . library - day there be six table in two row of three . Claire be sit at the front table . Brian come in and sit at the table behind she . Andrew come in and point at the chair next to Claire at the front table . she shrug and he sit there . in walk Bender , he touch everything on the checkout desk and take a few thing in the process . he walk over to where Brian be sit and point to the table on the opposite side of the Library . Brian reluctantly get up and move . Bender sit at the table where Brian be and put he foot up . allison walk in . she walk all the way around the library and sit in the back corner table , just behind Brian . Andrew and Claire look at each other and snicker . Brian look at she in confusion and then turn away . enter richard vernon , a teacher . he hold a stack of papers in he leave hand . he address the group with such disrespect it make you wonder how he ever get the job . vernon well ... well . here we be ! I want to congradulate you for be on time ... Claire raise she hand . claire Excuse I , sir ? I think there 's be a mistake . I know it 's detention , but ...um ... I do not think I belong in here ... Vernon do not care . he just continue to talk . vernon it be now seven-oh-six . you have exactly eight hour and fifty - four minute to think about why you be here . to ponder the error of you way ... Bender spit into the air and catch the spit in he mouth again . Claire look like she be go to gag . vernon ... and you may not talk . you will not move from this seat . he glance up at Bender and point at he . vernon ... and you ... Vernon pull the chair out from under Bender 's foot . vernon ... will not sleep . alright people , we be gonna try something a little different today . we be go to write a essay - - of no less than a thousand word -- describe to I who you think you be . bender be this a test ? Vernon pass out paper and pencil and take no notice of Bender . vernon and when I say essay ... I mean essay . I do not mean a single word repeat a thousand time . be that clear Mr. Bender ? Bender look up . bender Crystal ... vernon good . maybe you will learn a little something about yourself . maybe you will even -- decide whether or not you care to return . Brian raise he hand and then stand . brian you know , I can answer that right now sir ... that would be " no " , no for I . ' cause ... vernon sit down Johnson ... brian thank you sir ... he sit . vernon my office ... Vernon point . vernon ... be right across that hall . any monkey business be ill-advise ... he look around at they . vernon ... any question ? bender yeah ... I get a question . Vernon look at he suspiciously . bender do Barry manilow know you raid he wardrobe ? vernon I will give you the answer to that question , Mr. Bender , next Saturday . do not mess with the bull young man , you will get the horn . Vernon leave . bender that man ... be a brownie hound ... everyone try to get comfortable and we hear a loud snap sound . Brian turn and look and it be allison , bite she nail . Bender 's eye widen as he turn to look . everyone be look now . allison notice they look at she . bender you keep eat you hand and you be not gonna be hungry for lunch ... allison spit part of she nail at Bender . bender I have see you before , you know ... we see Vernon look out from he office . we see Brian play with he pen . brian ( quietly to himself ) who do I think I be ? who be you ? who be you ? he attaches the pen to he bottom lip and put the top under he upper lip . brian I be a walrus ... Bender look at he in utter confusion . Brian notice this , laugh and take the pen out of he mouth -- embarrassed . Bender and Brian begin to take they jacket off at the same time . they both notice this . Brian stop remove he jacket . Bender take he all the way off . Brian rub he hand together and pretend to be cold . he pull he jacket back on . he turn and look at Bender who be still stare at he . brian it 's the shit , huh ? Bender glare at he and Brian utter a uncomfortable laugh . Bender turn away and crumple up he essay paper . he throw it at Claire . it miss and go over Claire 's head . Andrew and Claire acknowlege it but continue to ignore Bender . Bender start loudly " sing " the musical part of a song . '' Nah , nah , nah , nah , nah , nah ... nah , nah , nah ...” claire ( to herself ) I can not believe this be really happen to I ... Bender stop " sing " abruptly . bender oh , shit ! what be we s'pose to do if we hafta take a piss ? claire ( disgust ) please ... bender if you gotta go ... we hear Bender unzip he fly . bender you gotta go ! everyone be now look at Bender . claire ( disgust ) oh my God ! andrew hey , yer not urinate in here man ! bender do not talk ! do not talk ! it make it crawl back up ! andrew you whip it out and you be dead before the first drop hit the floor ! Bender gasp mockingly . bender you be pretty sexy when you get angry ... grrr ! he turn to Brian . bender hey , homeboy ... Brian point at himself with he pen . bender ... why do not you go close that door . we will get the prom queen -- impregnate ! Claire turn and glare at he . andrew hey ! Bender ignore he . andrew hey ! bender what ? andrew if I lose my temper , you be totalled man ! bender totally ? andrew totally ! claire ( to Bender ) why do not you just shut up ! nobody here be interested ! andrew really ! ( to Claire about Bender ) buttface ! bender well hey sporto ! what would you do to get in here ? forget to wash you jock ? brian ( nervous ) uh , excuse I , fella ? I think we should just write we papers ... andrew ( to Bender ) look , just because you live in here do not give you the right to be a pain in the ass ... so knock it off ! Bender mockingly register pain in he face . bender it 's a free country ... claire ( to Andrew ) he 's just do it to get a rise out of you ! just ignore he ... bender ( to Claire ) sweet ... you could not ignore I if you try ! Claire roll she eye . bender so...so ! ( to Andrew and Claire ) be you guy like boyfriend / girl - friend ? ( a beat ) steady date ? ( another beat ) lo--ver ? ( another beat ) come on sporto , level with I . do you slip she the hot ... beef ... injection ? Claire and Andrew turn to face Bender , both furious . claire ( scream ) go to hell ! andrew ( scream ) enough ! CUT to : 7 . int . vernon' office - day we see Vernon in he office . vernon ( yell ) hey ! what 's go on in there ? ( to himself ) smug little prick ! CUT to : 8 . int . library - day they all look at each other . Andrew turn away from Bender . andrew ( to himself ) scumbag ! Bender stand up and walk over to the railing . he sit on it . bender what do you say we close that door . we can not have any kind of party with Vernon check we out every few second . brian well , you know the door 's s'pose to stay open ... bender so what ? andrew so why do not you just shut up ! there 's four other people in here you know ... bender God , you can count . see ! I know you have to be smart to be a... a wrestler . andrew who the hell be you to judge anybody anyway ? claire really ... andrew you know , Bender ... you do not even count . I mean if you disappear forever it would not make any difference . you may as well not even exist at this school . Bender probably be upset at this and he pause a moment before speak . he do not let he emotion out , however . bender well ... I will just run right out and join the wrestle team . Andrew and Claire look at each other and laugh at Bender . bender ( to Claire ) maybe the prep club too ! Student council ... andrew no , they would not take you . bender I be hurt . claire you know why guy like you knock everything ... bender ( to himself ) oh , this should be stun ... claire it 's ' cause you be afraid . bender ( with mock enthusiasm ) oh , God ! you ritchy be so smart , that 's exactly why I be not heavy in activity ! claire you be a big coward ! Brian feel leave out . brian ( to no one imparticular ) I be in the math club ... claire see you be afraid that they will not take you . you do not belong so you just have to dump all over it ... bender well ... it would not have anything to do with you activity people be asshole ... now would it ? claire well you would not know ... you do not even know any of we . bender well , I do not know any leper either , but I be not gonna run out and join one of they fuck club . andrew hey let 's watch the mouth , huh ? Brian again feel he need to contribute . brian I be in the physics club too ... bender ( to Claire ) s'cuse I a sec ... ( to Brian ) what be you babbling about ? brian well , what I say be ... I be in the math club , the Latin club and the physics club ... physics club . Bender nod and turn to Claire . bender hey ... cherry ... do you belong to the physics club ? claire that 's a academic club ... bender so ? claire so ... academic club be not the same as other kind of club . bender oh , but to dork like he ... Bender point at Brian . bender ... they be . ( to Brian ) what do you guy do in you club ? brian in physics , um , we ah , we talk about physics ... about property of physics . bender so it 's sorta social ... dement and sad , but social . right ? brian yeah , well , I guess you could consider it a social situation . I mean there be other child in my club and uh , at the end of the year we have , um , you know , a big banquet , at the , uh , at the Hilton . bender you load up , you party ... brian well , no , we get dress up ... I mean , but , we do not ... we do not get high . claire ( to Bender ) only burner like you get high ... brian and , uh , I do not have any shoe . so I have to borrow my dad 's . it be kinda weird ' cause my mom do not like I to wear other people 's shoe . and , uh , my cousin Kent ... my cousin kendall from , uh , Indiana ... he get high once and you know , he start eat like really weird food . and uh , and then he just feel like he do not belong anywhere . you know , kinda like , you know " twilight Zone " kinda . claire ( laugh ) ( to Bender ) sound like you ... andrew look , you guy keep up you talk and Vernon 's gonna come right in here ... I get a meet this Saturday and I be not gonna miss it on account of you bonehead ... bender ( to Andrew ) oh and would not that be a bite ... Bender let out a moan of fake agony . bender miss a whole wrestle meet ! andrew well you would not know anything about it , faggot ! you never compete in you whole life ! bender ( with mock hurt ) oh , I know ... I feel all empty inside because of it . I have such a deep admiration for guy that roll around on the floor with other guy ! andrew ahhh ... you would never miss it . you do not have any goal . bender oh , but I do ! andrew yeah ? bender I wanna be just -- like -- you ! I figure all I need 's a labotamy and some tight ! Brian become interested . brian you wear tight ? andrew ( to Brian ) no I do not wear tight , I wear the require uniform ... brian tights ... andrew ( defensive ) shut up ! they hear Vernon move around out in the hall so Bender quickly come and sit in the chair between Claire and Andrew . he fold he hand on the table . Vernon go back into he office . Bender laugh and get up . he start walk towards the double door that separate the library from the hallway . brian you know there 's not s'pose to be any monkey business ! Bender turn and point at Brian . bender ( in a stern voice ) Young man ... have you finish you paper ? Bender turn back away and go to the door . he look around cautiously and remove a screw from the door . claire what be you gonna do ? andrew Drop dead , I hope ! CUT to : 9 . int . hallway - day we see Vernon get a drink at the fountain . he stand up and check the way he look in a mirror . he do a muscular pose and utter some manly jibberish '' cobadonga ! '' CUT to : 10 . int . library - day Brian look up . Bender be mess with the door to the library . brian Bender , that 's , that 's school property there ... you know , it do not belong to we . it 's something not to be toy with . the door slam shut . Bender run back to he seat . andrew that 's very funny , come on , fix it ! brian you should really fix that ! bender be I a genius ? andrew no , you be a asshole ! bender what a funny guy ! andrew fix the door Bender ! bender everyone just shhh ! CUT to : 11 . int . hallway - day we see Vernon walk back to he office . he stop and listen to they through the close door . bender ( os ) I have be here before , I know what I be do ! andrew ( os ) no ! fix the door , get up there and fix it ! bender ( os ) ( scream ) shut up ! CUT to : 12 . int . library - day we see Brian as we hear Vernon in the hall . vernon ( os ) God damnit ! he open the door and storm in . vernon why be that door close ? for a few second no one say anything , they just stare at Vernon . vernon why be that door close ? bender how're we s'pose to know ? we be not s'pose to move , right ? Vernon turn to Claire . vernon why ? claire we be just sit here , like we be s'pose to ... Vernon look around and look at Bender . vernon who close that door ? bender I think a screw fall out of it ... andrew it just close , sir ... Vernon look at allison in the back . vernon who ? allison let out a squeak and slam she face onto the table , hide in she jacket hood . bender she do not talk , sir ... vernon ( to Bender ) give I that screw ... bender I do not have it ... vernon you want I to yank you outta that seat and shake it out of you ? bender I do not have it ... screw fall out all of the time , the world 's a imperfect place ... vernon give it to I , Bender ... claire Excuse I , sir , why would anybody want to steal a screw ? vernon ( to Claire ) watch it , young lady ... Vernon go over to the door . he try to hold it open by put a fold chair in front of it . bender the door 's way too heavy , sir . the door slam shut despite the chair . vernon ( os ) God damnit ! they laugh . Vernon open the door again . he come back in . vernon ( point ) Andrew Clark ... get up here . come on , front and center , let 's go . Andrew get up and walk over to Vernon . bender hey , how come Andrew get to get up ? if he get up , we will all get up , it will be anarchy ! Vernon and Andrew be now attempt to move the steel magazine rack in front of the door . vernon okay , now , watch the magazine ! bender it 's out of my hand ... they get it into the doorway and it block the entire door . bender that 's very clever sir , but what if there 's a fire ? I think violate fire code and endangering the life of child would be unwise at this juncture in you career , sir . Vernon think about it . he turn to Andrew . vernon alright , what be you do with this ? get this outta here for God 's sake ! what 's the matter with you ? come on ! brian you know the school come equip with fire exit at either end of the library . Brian point at they and Bender glare at he . bender ( to Brian ) show Dick some respect ! Andrew and Vernon come back into the main section of the library . vernon ( to Andrew ) let 's go ...go ! get back into you seat . Andrew sit . vernon ( to Andrew ) I expect a little more from a varsity letterman ! ( to Bender ) you be not fool anybody , Bender ! the next screw that fall out be gonna be you ! Vernon turn to leave . bender ( under he breath ) eat my short ... Vernon spin in he track and face Bender again . vernon what be that ? bender ( loudly ) eat my short ! vernon you just buy yourself another Saturday , mister ! bender oh , Christ ... vernon you just buy one more right there ! bender well , I be free the Saturday after that ... beyond that , I be gonna have to check my calendar ! vernon good ! ' Cause it 's gonna be fill , we will keep goin ' ! you want another one ? say the word , just say the word ! instead of go to prison , you will come here ! be you through . bender no ! vernon I be do society a favor ! bender so ? vernon that 's another one , right now ! I have get you for the rest of you natural bear life if you do not watch you step ! you want another one ? bender yes ! vernon you get it ! you get another one , right there ! that 's another one pal ! claire ( worried ) cut it out ! Claire mouth the word " stop " to Bender . vernon you through ? bender not even close , bud ! vernon good ! you get one more , right there ! bender do you really think I give a shit ? vernon another ... Bender glare at he . vernon you through ? bender how many be that ? brian that 's seven include the one when we first come in and you ask Mr. Vernon here whether Barry manilow know that he raid he closet . vernon ( to Bender ) now it 's eight ... ( to Brian ) you stay out of it ! brian Excuse I , sir , it 's seven ! vernon shut up , peewee ! ( to Bender ) you be mine Bender ... for two month I gotcha ! I gotcha ! bender what can I say ? I be thrilled ! vernon oh , I be sure that 's exactly what you want this people to believe . you know something , Bender ? you ought to spend a little more time try to do something with yourself and a little less time try to impress people . you might be better off . ( to everyone ) alright , that 's it ! I be go to be right outside that door . the next time I hafta come in here ... I be crack skull ! ( Bender mouth '' I ’m crack skull '' ) Vernon leave and close the door . a musical riff build to a climax as Bender scream . bender ( scream ) fuck you ! we see the clock , it read a quarter to eight . we see Bender , lighting he shoe on fire and lighting a cigarette with he shoe . we see Claire think . we see Brian play with he ball . we see Andrew play with he sweatshirt . we see allison pull a string around she finger and make it turn purple . we see Bender put the flame on he shoe out . he then play air guitar . we see allison draw . we see Andrew play paper football . he cheer silently . allison shake dandruff from she hair onto she picture . we see everyone fall asleep . CUT to : 13 . int . library - day later . Vernon be stand there stare at the sleep kid . vernon wake up ! who have to go to the lavatory ? everyone raise they hand . CUT to : 14 . int . library - day later . we see the clock , it now say 10:22 . we see Andrew stretch . we see Bender tear page out of a book . he be toss they around . andrew that 's real intelligent . bender you be right ... it 's wrong to destroy literature ... he continue to tear page out . bender it 's such fun to read ... and , molet really pump my nad ! claire ( pronounce it correctly ) mol -yare . brian I love he work . Bender toss the rest of the page at Brian . he pick up the card catalogue drawer and begin to take card out . bender Big deal ... nothing to do when you be lock in a vacancy .. andrew speak for yourself ... bender do you think I would speak for you ? I do not even know you language ! Andrew turn to Claire . andrew hey , you ground tonight ? Claire shrug . claire I do not know , my mom say I be but by dad tell I to just blow she off . andrew Big party at stubby , parent be in Europe . should be pretty wild ... claire yeah ? andrew yeah , can you go ? claire I doubt it ... andrew how come ? claire well ' cause if I do what my mother tell I not to do , it 's because because my father say it 's okay . there 's like this whole big monster deal , it 's endless and it 's a total drag . it 's like any minute ... divorce ... bender who do you like better ? claire what ? bender you like you old man better than you mom ? claire they be both strict . bender no , I mean , if you have to choose between they . claire I dunno , I would probably go live with my brother . I mean , I do not think either one of they give a shit about I ... it 's like they use I just to get back at each other . suddenly , from the back of the room . allison speak . allison ( loudly ) ha !!! everyone look at she shocked . allison blow she hair out of she eye and grin . claire shut up ! andrew you be just feel sorry for yourself ... claire yeah , well if I do not nobody else would . andrew aw ... you be break my heart ... bender sporto ... andrew what ? Bender jump down and go next to Andrew . bender you get along with you parent ? andrew well if I say yes , I be a idiot , right ? bender you be a idiot anyway ... but if you say you get along with you parent well you be a liar too ! Bender turn and walk away from he . Andrew follow and push Bender . andrew you know something , man ... if we be not in school right now , I would waste you ! Bender point he middle finger at the floor . bender can you hear this ? want I to turn it up ? Bender flip he hand around so he be now give Andrew the bird . Brian come over and put a hand on each of the guy 's shoulder . brian hey fella , I mean ... Andrew push away from Brian . brian ... I do not like my parent either , I do not ... I do not get along with they ... they idea of parental compassion be just , you know , wacko ! Bender turn to Brian . bender dork ... brian yeah ? bender you be a parent 's wet dream , okay ? Bender start to walk away . brian well that 's a problem ! bender look , I can see you get all bung up for they make you wear this kinda clothes . but face it , you be a neo-maxi-zoom - dweebie ! what would you be do if you be not out make yourself a better citizen ? andrew why do you have to insult everybody ? bender I be be honest , asshole ! I would expect you ... to know the difference ! andrew yeah well , he 's gotta name ! bender yeah ? andrew yeah , ( to Brian ) what 's you name ? brian Brian ... andrew see ... bender ( to Brian ) my condolence ... Bender walk away . claire ( to Bender ) what 's you name ? bender what 's yours ? claire Claire ... bender ka-laire ? claire Claire ... it 's a family name ! bender nooo ... it 's a fat girl 's name ! claire well thank you ... bender you be welcome ... claire I be not fat ! bender well not at present but I could see you really push maximum density ! you see , I be not sure if you know this ... but there be two kind of fat people . there 's fat people that be bear to be fat , and then there 's fat people that be once thin but they become fat ... so when you look at they you can sorta see that thin person inside ! you see , you be gonna get marry , you be gonna squeeze out a few puppy and then , uh ... he mime become fat , make noise . Claire give he the finger . bender oh ... obscene finger gesture from such a pristine girl ! claire ( resentfully ) I be not that pristine ! Bender bend down closer to Claire . bender be you a virgin ? ( a beat ) I will bet you a million dollar that you be ! let 's end the suspense ! be it gonna be ... ( another beat ) ...a white weddin ? claire why do not you just shut up ? bender have you ever kiss a boy on the mouth ? ( a beat ) have you ever be feel up ? over the bra , under the blouse , shoe off ... hope to God you parent do not walk in ? Claire be get upset . claire do you want I to puke ? bender over the panty , no bra , blouse unbuttone , calvin 's in a ball on the front seat past eleven on a school night ? andrew leave she alone ! Bender slowly stand and face Andrew . andrew I say leave she alone ! bender you gonna make I ? andrew yeah ... Bender walk over to where Andrew be stand . bender you and how many of you friend ? andrew just I , just you and I . two hit . I hit you , you hit the floor ! anytime you be ready , pal ! Bender go to hit he but Andrew get Bender down on the ground with a wrestle move . bender I do not wanna get into to this with you man ... Andrew get up . andrew why not ? Bender get up . bender ' Cause I would kill you ... it 's real simple . I would kill you and you fuck parent would sue I and it would be a big mess and I do not care enough about you to bother . andrew Chicken shit ... Andrew turn and walk away . Bender take out a switchblade and open it . he stab the switchblade into a chair . andrew let 's end this right now . you do not talk to she ... you do not look at she and you do not even think about she ! you understand I ? bender I be try to help she !. we see the janitor , carl come into the room . carl Brian , how you do ? bender you dad work here ? Brian be embarrassed . bender uh , Carl ? carl what ? bender can I ask you a question ? carl sure ... bender how do one become a janitor ? carl you wanna be a janitor ? bender no I just wanna know how one become a janitor because Andrew here , be very interested in persue a career in the custodial art ... carl oh , really ? you guy think I be just some untouchable peasant ? peon ? huh ? maybe so , but follow a broom around after shithead like you for the past eight year I have learn a couple of thing ... I look through you letter , I look through you locker ... I listen to you conversation , you do not know that but I do ... I be the eye and ear of this institution my friend . by the way , that clock 's twenty minute fast ! everyone groan . Bender smile . andrew shit ! CUT to : 15 . int . vernon' office - day the clock say 11:30 . Vernon get up and leave . CUT to : 16 . int . library - day Bender start to whistle a march tune and everybody join in . Vernon enter . Bender begin to whistle Beethoven 's 5th . vernon allright girl , that 's thirty minute for lunch ... andrew here ? vernon here ... andrew well I think the cafeteria would be a more suitable place for we to eat lunch in , sir ! vernon well , I do not care what you think , Andrew ! bender uh , Dick ? Excuse I , Rich ... will milk be make available to we ? andrew we be extremely thirsty sir ... claire I have a very low tolerance for dehydration . andrew I have see she dehydrate sir , it 's pretty gross . Bender stand . bender relax , I will get it ! vernon ah , ah , ah grab some wood there , bub ! Bender grin . vernon what do you think , I be bear yesterday ? you think I be gonna have you roam this hall ? he point at Andrew . vernon you ! he point at allison . vernon and you ! hey ! what 's she name ? wake she ! wake she up ! ( to allison ) come on , on you foot missy ! let 's go ! this be no rest home ! allison get up . vernon there 's a soft drink machine in the teacher 's lounge . let go ! CUT to : 16 . int . hallway - day Andrew and allison be walk in the hall . andrew so , what 's you poison ? allison do not answer . andrew what do you drink ? allison still do not answer . andrew okay ... forget I ask ... allison wait for two beat and then speak . allison vodka ... andrew vodka ? when do you drink vodka ? allison whenever ... andrew a lot ? allison smile . allison ton ... andrew be that why you be here today ? allison do not answer . andrew why be you here ? allison snap back . allison why be you here ? they stop walk and Andrew lean against the wall . andrew um , I be here today ... because uh , because my coach and my father do not want I to blow my ride . see I get treat differently because uh , coach think I be a winner . so do my old man . I be not a winner because I wanna be one ... I be a winner because I get strength and speed . kinda like a race horse . that 's about how involved I be in what 's happen to I . allison yeah ? that 's very interesting . now why do not you tell I why you be really in here . andrew forget it ! CUT to : 17 . int . library - day Claire and Bender and Brian be all sit around wait for the coke . bender Claire ... you wanna see a picture of a guy with elephantitus of the nut ? it 's pretty tasty ... claire no thank you ... bender how do you think he ride a bike ? Claire roll she eye and turn away in disgust . bender oh , Claire ... would you ever consider dating a guy like this ? claire can not you just leave I alone ? bender I mean if he have a great personality and be a good dancer and have a cool car ... although you would probably have to ride in the back seat ' cause he nut would ride shotgun . claire you know what I wish I be do ? bender op , watch what you say , Brian here be a cherry . brian a cherry ? claire I wish I be on a plane to France . brian I be not a cherry . bender ( to Brian ) when have you ever get laid ? brian I have laid , lotsa time ! bender name one ! brian she life in Canada , meet she at niagra Falls . you would not know she . bender ever laid anyone around here . Brian shush Bender and point at Claire whos back be still turn . brian oh , you and Claire , do it ! Claire spin around . claire what be you talk about ? brian ( to Claire ) nothin ' , nothin ! ( to Bender ) let 's just drop it , we will talk about it later ! claire no ! Drop what , what be you talk about ? bender well , Brian 's try to tell I that in addition to the number of girl in the niagra Falls area , that presently you and he be , riding the hobby horse ! claire ( to Brian ) Little pig ! brian no I be not ! I be not ! John say I be a cherry and I say I be not , that 's it , that 's all that be say ! bender well then what be you motion to Claire for ? claire you know I do not appreciate this very much , Brian . brian he be lie ! bender oh you be not motion to Claire ? brian you know he 's lie , right ? bender be you or be you not motion to Claire ? brian yeah , but it be only ... be only because I do not want she to know that I be a virgin , okay ? Bender just stare at he . brian Excuse I for be a virgin , I be sorry ... Claire laugh . claire why do not you want I to know you be a virgin ? brian because it 's personal business , it 's my personal , private business . bender well Brian , it do not sound like you be do any business ... claire I think it 's okay for a guy to be a virgin ... Bender look suprise . brian you do ? Claire smile and nod . CUT to : 18 . int . library - day later . everybody have lunch now . Claire begin to take hers out of a small shopping bag . bender what 's in there ? claire guess , where 's you lunch ? bender you be wear it ... claire you be nauseate ... Bender grab a Coke and toss it over to allison who catch it without even look up . Bender then watch Claire set up a sushi platter . bender what 's that ? claire Sushi ... bender Sushi ? claire Rice , uh , raw fish and seaweed . bender you will not accept a guy tongue in you mouth and you be gonna eat that ? claire can I eat ? bender I do not know ... give it a try ... we now watch Andrew take a couple sandwich out of he bag , a bag of potato chip , a apple , a banana , a bag of cookie and a carton of milk . allison open she Coke and it fizze over . she loudly slurp it up off the table and she finger . Andrew see Bender look at he . andrew what 's you problem ? allison open she sandwich and and toss the meat up . it land on the sculpture above . she open some pixie stix and pour the sugar on the sandwich and then put cap and crunch on top of that . she crush the sandwich together and loudly eat it . Bender go over and sit by Brian , Bender take Brian 's bag lunch . bender what be we have ? brian uh , it 's you standard , regular lunch I guess ... Bender reach in the bag and pull out a thermos . he set it on the table and point at it . bender milk ? brian Soup . Bender go in again and pull out a juice box . Brian reach toward the bag and Bender slap he hand . brian that 's apple juice ... bender I can read ! pb &amp ; J with the crust cut off ... well Brian , this be a very nutritous lunch , all the food group be represent . do you mom marry Mr. Rogers ? brian uh , no , Mr. Johnson ... bender ahhh .... Andrew and Claire smile at each other . Bender stand . bender here 's my impression of life at big bri 's house ... ( in a loud and friendly voice ) Son ! ( in a kiddie voice ) yeah dad ? ( loud ) how 's you day , pal ? ( kiddie ) great dad , how 's yours ? ( loud ) Super , say son , how would you like to go fishing this weekend ? ( kiddie ) great dad , but I have get homework to do ! ( loud ) that 's alright son , you can do it , on the boat ! ( kiddie ) geee !!! ( loud ) dear , be not we son swell ? ( quiet and motherly ) yes dear , be not life swell ? Bender mime mother kissing father and then father kissing mother and then father punch mother in the face . suddenly it 's not so funny anymore . andrew alright , what about you family ? bender oh , mine ? andrew that 's real easy ! Bender stand again and point forward . bender ( as he father ) stupid , worthless , no good , God damned , freeloading , son of a bitch , retarded , bigmouth , know it all , asshole , jerk ! ( as he mother ) you forget ugly , lazy and disrespectful . Bender slam he hand back to slap he invisable mother . bender ( as he father ) shut up bitch ! go fix I a turkey pot pie ! ( as himself ) what about you dad ? ( as he father ) fuck you ! ( as himself ) no , dad , what about you ? ( as he father ) fuck you ! ( as himself - - yell ) no , dad , what about you ? ( as he father - - yell ) fuck you ! he reach out and pretend he 's he father hit he . brian be that for real ? bender ( to Brian ) you wanna come over sometime ? andrew that 's bullshit . it 's all part of you image , I do not believe a word of it . Bender actually look hurt . bender you do not believe I ? andrew no ... bender no ? andrew do I stutter ? Bender come over to Andrew and roll up he right sleeve to reveal a circular shape burn . bender do you believe this ? huh ? it 's about the size of a cigar ... do I stutter ? you see , this be what you get in my house when you spill paint in the garage . Bender begin to walk away . bender see I do not think that I need to sit here with you fuckin ' dildo anymore ! Bender walk over to a map table and throw all the map on the floor . he climb up on top of the table and then up to the second floor balcony . claire ( to Andrew ) you should not have say that ! andrew how would I know , I mean he lie about everything anyway ! CUT to : 19 . int . vernon' office - day Vernon put a orange in he mouth and then attempt to pour coffee out of he thermos . the top come off and the coffee go all over he desk . vernon oh , shit ! CUT to : 20 . int . hallway - day Vernon walk into the hallway , talk to himself . vernon coffee ... look like they scrape it off the bottom of the Mississippi river . everything 's pollute , everything 's pollute ... the coffee . Bender come out of the library door follow bye veryone else . Bender and Claire be walk next to each other . Brian and Andrew be walk next to each other and at the end of the line , allison be follow . claire ( to Bender ) how do you know where Vernon go ? bender I do not ... claire well then , how do you know when he will be back ? bender I do not ... be bad feel pretty good , huh ? brian ( to Andrew ) what 's the point in go to Bender 's locker ? andrew beat I ... brian this be so stupid ... why do you think , why be we risk get catch ? andrew I dunno ... brian so then what be we do ? andrew you ask I one more question and I be beat the shit out of you ! brian sorry ... Bender open he locker . andrew slob ! bender my may 's on vacation . Bender pull out a bag of marijuana . brian drug ... andrew screw that Bender ... put it back ! Bender walk away . brian drug ... the boy have marijuana . Claire walk after Bender . brian that be marijuana ! andrew shut up ! Andrew follow the other two . Brian look at allison who be stand there with she mouth open . brian do you approve of this ? Brian turn and leave . allison steal the lock off of Bender 's locker . we see the crowd walk down the hall . bender we will cross through the lab , and then we will double back . andrew you better be right , if Vernon cut we off it 's you fault , asshole ! brian ( to Claire ) what would he say ? where be we go ? they see Vernon down one of the hall . we have various sequence of they run around and see Vernon until they stop . bender wait ! wait , hold it ! hold it ! we have to go through the cafeteria ! andrew no , the activity hall . bender hey man , you do not know what you be talk about ! andrew no you do not know what you be talk about ! allison squeak . andrew now we be through listen to you , we be go this way . they all go Andrew 's way and run into a hall close by a iron gate . andrew shit ! bender great idea jagoff ! andrew fuck you ! claire ( to Andrew ) fuck you ! why do not you listen to John ? brian we be dead ! bender no , just I ! brian what do you mean ? bender get back to the library , keep you unit on this ! Bender put he bag of marijuana into Brian 's underwear . Bender run away sing loudly . '' I wanna be a airborne ranger ...” we see Vernon hear Bender . the rest of they run . vernon that son of a bitch ! we see Vernon look for Bender until he find he in the gym . Bender be go up for a basket . bender Three ...two ...one ! he dunk the ball . Vernon enter . vernon Bender ! Bender ! Bender ! what be this ? what be you do here , what be this ? bender oh , hi ! vernon out ! that 's it Bender ! out , it 's over ! bender do not you wanna hear my excuse ? vernon out ! bender I be think of try out for a scholarship . vernon gimmie the ball , Bender . Bender fake the ball at Vernon . he then set the ball down and roll it at Vernon who kick it back at he . they leave . CUT to : 21 . int . library - day the rest of the kid be all sit back in they seat when Bender and Vernon enter . Vernon push Bender . vernon get you stuff , let 's go ! ( to everyone ) Mr. wiseguy here have take it upon himself to go to the gymnasium . I be sorry to inform you , you be go to be without he service for the rest of the day . bender ( to Vernon ) b-o-o h-o-o ! vernon everything 's a big joke , huh Bender ? the false alarm you pull , Friday , false alarm be really funny , be not they ... what if you home , what if you family ... ( a beat ) ... what if you dope be on fire ? bender impossible , sir ... it 's in Johnson 's underwear ... Andrew laugh . vernon ( to Andrew ) you think he 's funny ? you think this be cute ? you think he 's bitchin' , be that it ? lemme tell you something . look at he , he 's a bum . ( to everybody ) you wanna see something funny ? you go visit John Bender in five year ! you will see how God damned funny he be ! ( to Bender ) what 's the matter , John ? you gonna cry ? let 's go ... Vernon grab Bender 's shoulder . bender hey keep you fuckin ' hand off I ! I expect better manners from you , Dick ! Bender take he sunglass out of he pocket and lay they in front of Andrew . bender for better hallway vision ! Bender leave but not before push stuff over on the way . CUT to : 21 . int . closet - day Vernon have put Bender in a closet and be in there talk to he . vernon that 's the last time , Bender . that 's the last time you ever make I look bad in front of that kid , do you hear I ? I make $ 31,000 dollar a year and I have a home and I be not about to throw it away on some punk like you ... but someday , man , someday . when you be outta here and you have forget all about this place ... and they have forget all about you and you be wrap up in you own pathetic life ... I be gonna be there . that 's right . and I be gonna kick the live shit out of you , man , I be gonna knock you dick in the dirt ! bender be you threaten I ? vernon what be you gonna do about it ? you think anybody 's gonna believe you ? you think anybody 's gonna take you word over mine ? I be a man of respect around here . they love I around here , I be a swell guy ... you be a lie sack of shit ! and everybody know it . oh , you be a real tough guy ... come on , come on ... get on you foot , pal ! let 's find out how tough you be ! I wanna know right now , how tough you be ! come on ! I will give you the first punch , let 's go ! come on , right here , just take the first shot ! please , I be begging you , take a shot ! come on , just take one shot , that 's all I need , just one swing ... Bender just sit there stare at Vernon . Vernon fake a punch and Bender flinch . vernon that 's what I though ... you be a gutless turd ! Vernon leave and lock the closet door after he . Bender climb into a hatch in the ceiling and disappear . CUT to : 22 . int . HEATING duct - day Bender be slowly crawl through a heating duct . bender ( to himself ) a naked blond walk into a bar , with a poodle under one arm and a two foot salami under the other . she lay the poodle on the table . bar - tender say : " I suppose you will not be need a drink . " the naked lady say ... the ceiling under Bender give and he fall through . bender ( scream ) oh shit !!!! CUT to : 23 . int . facilty bathroom - day we see the door to the bathroom . we hear Vernon inside . vernon ( os ) Jesus Christ , allmighty ! CUT to 24 . int . library - day Bender walk down the stair . bender I forget my pencil ... we hear Vernon in the hall . vernon ( os ) God damnit ! what in God 's name be go on in here ? Vernon enter . vernon what be that ruckus ? andrew uh , what ruckus ? vernon I be just in my office and I hear a ruckus ! brian could you describe the ruckus , sir ? vernon watch you tongue young man , watch it ! we see Bender under the table by Claire 's leg . he sit up and bang he head on the table . he groan . above the table , Andrew and Claire try to take credit for the noise by make more noise . vernon what be that ? what , what be that , what be that noise ? under the table , Bender look between Claire 's leg and can see she panty . he put he head between Claire 's leg . andrew what noise ? claire really , sir , there be not any noise ... Claire squeel . she squeeze Bender 's head between she knee . everyone start fake a cough fit . claire ( flustered ) that noise ? be that the noise you be talk about ? vernon no , it be not . that be not the noise I be talk about . now , I may not have catch you in the act this time , but you can bet I will . allison laugh at Vernon . vernon you make book on that missy ! ( to Claire ) and you ! I will not be make a fool of ! he turn and walk away . we see that he still have the toilet seat cover stick to he pants . Vernon leave . everyone laugh except Claire who let Bender out to a barage of slap . bender it be a accident ! claire you be a asshole ! bender so sue I ... Bender get up and walk over to Brian . bender so , ahab ... kybo mein doobage ... Brian give Bender he bag of marajuana . Bender turn and walk away . andrew yo waistoid ... you be not gonna blaze up in here ! Claire get up and go after he . then Brian . andrew shit ... Andrew go . CUT to : 25 . int . stair - day we see Vernon go down the stair . CUT to : 26 . int . library - day Brian , Bender and Claire be sit in a circle and laugh hysterically . Bender light Claire up and she cough the smoke out . Brian laugh at she . he exhales and try to eat the smoke . he talk in a really weird voice . brian chick , can not hold der smoke ! that 's what it be ! claire do you know how popular I be ? I be so popular , everybody love I so much , at this school ... bender poor baby . Brian wave Claire over to he and he fall over . we see Andrew emerge from a really smokey room . he inhale another puff and then start dance to everybody 's applause . he go back in the room he be in . he scream and it shatter the glass in the door . CUT to : 27 . int . basement - day Vernon be glance through the confidential file in the school basement . vernon ( to himself ) mister , oh mister tearney ... a history of slight mental illness ? wooh , no wonder he 's so fuck up ! Carl enter . carl afternoon , Dick ... vernon hey Carl , how you doin ' ? carl good ... vernon good , what 's up ? carl not much , what 's happen , what be you do in the basement file ? vernon oh , nothin ' nothin ' here . I be just doin ' a little homework here ... carl homework , huh ? vernon yeah ... Carl , laugh , come over and look at the file that Vernon be look at . carl confidential file ...hmmm ? vernon look , Carl ... this be a highly sensitive area and I , I tell you something ... certain people would be very very embarrassed . I would really appreciate it if if if if this would be something that , that you and I could keep between we ... carl what be you gonna do for I , man ? vernon well , well what would you like ? carl get fifty buck ? vernon what ? carl fifty buck ... CUT to : 28 . int . library - day we see Andrew and Brian laugh . allison be hang out over by the statue in the back of the library . andrew no no man , no ; you get a middle name ? brian yeah , guess ... allison suddenly take interest in the conversation and as she speak , she move over and sit next to the two . allison you middle name be Ralph , as in puke ... Brian and Andrew look at she in confusion . allison ... you birthday be March 12th , you be five - nine and a half you weigh a hundred and thirty pound and you social security number be 0 - 4-9-3-8-0 - 9 - 1 ( a beat ) 3 . Andrew be impressed . andrew wow ! be you psychic ? allison no ... brian well would you mind tell I how you know all this about I ? allison reach in she bag . allison I steal you wallet ... she produce it in she hand and grin . brian give it to I ... allison no ... brian give it ! allison reluctantly hand over the wallet and Brian glance through it to make sure nothing be miss . brian this be great ... you be a thief too ! huh ? allison I be not a thief ! brian multi-talented ! allison what 's there to steal ? two buck and a beaver shot ! andrew a what ? allison he 's get a nudie picture in there ! I see it , it 's pervert ! andrew alright , let 's see it ! we see Bender , he be brush he tooth with one of Claire 's cosmetic brushes . we see Claire look through Bender 's wallet picture . claire be all this you girlfriend ? bender some of they ... claire what about the other ? bender well , some I consider my girlfriend and some ... I just consider ... claire consider what ? bender whether or not , I wanna hang out with they ... claire you do not believe in just one guy , one girl ? bender do you ? claire yeah ... that 's the way it should be . bender well , not for I ... claire why not ? Bender clearly do not want to answer that . he act defensive . bender how come you get so much shit in you purse ? claire how come you get so many girlfriend ? bender I ask you first ... claire ( shrug ) I dunno ... I guess I never throw anything away . bender neither do I ... claire oh ... we cut back to where Andrew , Brian and allison be sit , Andrew be look through Brian 's wallet . andrew this be the worst fake id I have ever see ... Brian laugh . andrew do you realize you make yourself sixty eight ? brian oh , I know ... I know , I goof it ... andrew what do you need a fake id for ? brian ( like it 's obvious ) so I can vote ! allison look up suddenly . allison you wanna see what 's in my bag ? brian &amp ; andrew no ! allison look hurt and then resentful . just to spite they , she dump the content of she bag onto the couch . lot of stuff come out . andrew Holy shit ! what be all that stuff ? brian do you always carry this much shit in you bag ? allison yeah ... I always carry this much shit ... in my bag ... you never know when you may have to jam ... brian be you gonna be like a shopping bag lady ? you know like , sit in alleyway and like talk to building and wear man 's shoe and that kinda thing ? allison I will do what I have to do ... brian why do you have to do anything ? allison ( with feel ) my home life be un ... satisfy ... brian so you be say you would subject yourself to the violent danger of the Chicago street because you homelife be unsatisfy ? allison I do not have to run away and live in the street ... I can run away and , go to the ocean , I can go to the country , I can go to the mountain . I can go to Israel , Africa , Afghanistan ... Brian look at she and then move over to Andrew . brian Andy ... you wanna get in on this ? allison here say , she want to run away , because she home life be unsatisfy ... andrew well everyone 's home life be un - satisfy ... if it be not , people would live with there parent forever ... brian yeah , yeah I understand . but I think that she 's go beyond , you know , what guy like you and I ... consider normal unsatisfy ... allison nevermind ... forget it , everything 's cool ! allison start put everything back in she purse . andrew what 's the deal ? allison no ! there 's no deal , sporto . forget it , leave I alone . andrew wait a minute , now you be carry all that crap around in you purse . either you really wanna run away or you want people to think you wanna run away . allison eat shit ! allison get up and walk away . brian the girl be a island , with herself . okay ? Andrew get up and go after she . andrew hi , you wanna talk ? allison no ! andrew why not ? allison go away ... andrew where do you want I to go ? allison go away ! Andrew turn away and allison start to cry . allison you have problem ... andrew oh , I have problem ? allison you do everything everybody ever tell you to do , that be a problem ! andrew okay , fine ... but I do not dump my purse out on the couch and invite people into my problem ... do I ? so what 's wrong ? what be it ? be be bad ? Real bad ? Parents ? allison be silently cry . allison yeah ... Andrew nod . andrew what do they do to you ? allison they ignore I ... andrew yeah ... yeah ... they both be cry silently . CUT to : 29 . int . basement - day Vernon and Carl be sit talk . vernon what do you want to be when you be young ? carl when I be a kid , I want to be John Lennon ... vernon Carl do not be a goof ! I be try to make a serious point here ... I have be teach , for twenty two year , and each year ... this kid get more and more arrogant . carl aw bull shit , man . come on vern , the kid have not change , you have ! you take a teach position , ' cause you think it would be fun , right ? think you could have summer vacation off ... and then you find out it be actually work ... and that really bum you out . vernon this kid turn on I ... they think I be a big fuckin ' joke ... carl come on ... listen vern , if you be sixteen , what would you think of you , huh ? vernon hey ... Carl , you think I give one rat 's ass what this kid think of I ? carl yes I do ... vernon you think about this ... when you get old , this kid ; when I get old , they be gonna be runnin ' the country . carl yeah ? vernon now this be the think that wake I up in the middle of the night ... that when I get older , this kid be gonna take care of I ... carl I would not count on it ! Vernon ponder that statement for a moment . CUT to : 30 . int . library - day they be sit on the floor in a circle . andrew what would I do for a million buck ? well , I guess I would do as little as I have to ... claire that 's boring ... andrew well , how be I s'pose to answer ? claire the idea be to like search you mind for the absolute limit . like , uh , would you drive to school naked ? Andrew laugh . andrew um , uh ... would I have to get out of the car ? claire of course ... andrew in the spring , or winter ? claire it do not matter ... spring ... andrew in front of the school or in back of the school ? claire either one ... andrew yes ... allison I would do that ! they all look at she . allison I will do anything sexual , I do not need a million dollar to do it either ... claire you be lie ... allison I already have ... I have do just about everything there be except a few thing that be illegal ... I be a nymphomaniac ! Claire roll she eye . claire lie ... brian be you parent aware of this ? allison the only person I tell be my shrink ... andrew and what would he do when you tell he ? allison he nail I ... claire very nice ... allison I do not think that from a legal standpoint what he do can be construe as rape since I pay he . claire he 's a adult ! allison be relishing this attention . allison yeah ... he 's marry too ! Claire note she disgust . claire do you have any idea how completely gross that be ? allison well , the first few time ... claire first few time ? you mean he do it more than once ? allison sure ... claire be you crazy ? brian obviously she 's crazy if she 's screwing she shrink ... allison ( to Claire ) have you ever do it ? claire I do not even have a psychiatrist ... allison have you ever do it with a normal person ? claire now , do not we already cover this ? bender you never answer the question ... claire look , I be not gonna discuss my private life with total stranger . allison it 's kind of a double - edge sword , be not it ? claire a what ? allison well , if you say you have not ... you be a prude . if you say you have ... you be a slut ! it 's a trap . you want to but you can not but when you do you wish you do not , right ? claire wrong ... allison or , be you a tease ? andrew she 's a tease ... claire oh why do not you just forget it ... andrew you be a tease and you know it , all girl be tease ! bender ( to Andrew ) she 's only a tease if what she do get you hot ... claire I do not do anything ! allison that 's why you be a tease ... claire okay , lemme ask you a few question . allison be suddenly defensive . allison I have already tell you everything ! claire no ! do not it bother you to sleep around without be in love . I mean do not you want any respect ? allison I do not screw to get respect ... that 's the difference between you and I ... claire not the only difference , I hope . bender face it , you be a tease . claire I be not a tease ! bender sure you be ! you say it yourself sex be a weapon , you use it to get respect ! claire no , I never say that , she twisted my word around . bender oh then what do you use it for ? claire I do not use it period ! Claire be on the verge of tear . bender oh , be you medically frigid or be it psychological ? claire I do not mean it that way ! you guy be put word into my mouth ! bender well if you would just answer the question ... brian why do not you just answer the question ? andrew be honest ... bender no big deal ... brian yeah , answer it ! andrew answer the question , Claire ! bender talk to we ! andrew &amp ; brian come on , answer the question ! bender it 's easy , it 's only one question ! Claire silence all of they by scream . claire ( scream ) no ! I never do it ! silence for two beat . allison I never do it either , I be not a nymphomaniac ... I be a compulsive liar ... claire you be such a bitch ! you do that on purpose just to fuck I over ! allison I would do it though ... if you love someone it 's okay ... claire I can not believe you , you be so weird . you do not say anything all day and then when you open you mouth ... you unload all this tremendous lie all over I ! andrew you be just piss off because she get you to admit something you do not want to admit to ... claire okay , fine , but that do not make it any less bizarre ... andrew what 's bizarre ? I mean we be all pretty bizarre ! some of we be just better at hide it , that 's all . claire ( to Andrew ) how be you bizarre ? allison decide to field that question . allison he can not think for himself ... andrew she 's right ... do you guy know what , uh , what I do to get in here ? I tape Larry lester 's bun together . Claire laugh . brian ( to Andrew ) that be you ? andrew ( to Brian ) yeah , you know he ? brian yeah , I know he ... andrew well then you know how hairy he be , right ? well , when they pull the tape off , most of he hair come off and some , some skin too ... claire oh my God ... andrew and the bizarre thing be , be that I do it for my old man ... I torture this poor kid , because I want he to think that I be cool . he 's always go off about , you know , when he be in school ... all the wild thing he use to do . and I get the feel that he be disappointed that I never cut loose on anyone , right ... so , I be ... I be sit in the locker room , and I be taping up my knee . and Larry 's undress a couple locker down from I . yeah ...he 's kinda ... he 's kinda skinny , weak . and I start think about my father , and he attitude about weakness . and the next thing I know , I uh , I jump on top of he and start wail on he ... and my friend , they just laugh and cheer I on . and afterwards , when I be sittin ' in Vernon 's office , all I could think about be Larry 's father . and Larry havin ' to go home and ... and explain what happen to he . and the humiliation ... fuck humiliation he mustuv feel . it mustuv be unreal ... I mean , ( he 's cry ) I mean , how do you apologize for something like that ? there 's no way ... it 's all because of I and my old man . oh God , I fuck hate he ! he 's like this ... he 's like this mindless machine that I can not even relate to anymore ... " Andrew , you have get to be number one ! I will not tolerate any loser in this family ... you intensity be for shit ! win. win! win !!! " you son of a bitch ! you know , sometimes , I wish my knee would give ... and I would not be able to wrestle anymore . and he could forget all about I ... bender I think you old man and my old man should get together and go bowl . Andrew laugh briefly . brian it 's like I , you know , with my grade ... like , when I , when I step outside myself kinda , and when I , when I look in at myself you know ? and I see I and I do not like what I see , I really do not . claire what 's wrong with you ? why do not you like yourself ? brian ' Cause I be stupid ... ' cause I be fail shop . see we have this assignment , to make this ceramic elephant , and um ... and we have eight week to do it and we be s'pose to , and it be like a lamp , and when you pull the trunk the light be s'pose to go on ... my light do not go on , I get a F on it . never get a F in my life ... when I sign up , you know , for the course I mean . I think I be play it real smart , you know . ' Cause I think , I will take shop , it will be such a easy way to maintain my grade point average ... bender why would you think it would be easy ? brian have you see some of the dope that take shop ? bender I take shop ... you must be a fuckin ' idiot ! brian I be a fuckin ' idiot because I can not make a lamp ? bender no , you be a genius because you can not make a lamp ... brian what do you know about trigonometry ? bender I could care less about trigonometry ... brian Bender , do you know without trigonometry there would be no engineering ? bender without lamp , there would be no light ! claire okay so neither one of you be any better than the other one ... allison feel leave out . allison I can write with my toe ! I can also eat , brush my tooth ... claire with you foot ? allison ... play heart &amp ; soul on the piano . brian I can make spaghetti ! claire ( to Andrew ) what can you do ? andrew I can ...uh... tape all you bun together ... bender I wanna see what Claire can do ! claire I can not do anything . bender now , everybody can do something ... claire there 's one thing I can do , no forget it , it 's way too embarrassing . bender you ever see Wild Kingdom ? I mean that guy 's be do that show for thirty year . claire okay , but you have to swear to God you will not laugh ... I can not believe I be actually do this ... Claire take lipstick out and open it . she place it between she breast and apply it from she cleavage . when she lift she head , she lipstick be perfect . everyone clap . Bender 's clap be sarcastic and slow . andrew all right , great ! where would you learn to do that ? claire Camp , seventh grade ... bender that be great , Claire ... my image of you be totally blow ... allison you be a shit ! do not do that to she you swore to God you would not laugh ! bender be I laugh ? andrew you fuck prick ! Bender turn to Andrew . as he speak , we can see he word hit home . bender what do you care what I think , anyway ? I do not even count , right ? I could disappear forever and it would not make any difference ... I may as well not even exist at this school , remember ? ( he turn to Claire ) and you ... do not like I anyway ! claire you know , I have just as many feeling as you do and it hurt just as much when somebody step all over they ! bender God , you be so pathetic ! ( furious ) do not you ever ... ever ! compare yourself to I ! okay ? you get everything , and I get shit ! fuckin ' rapunzel , right ? School would probably fuck shut down if you do not show up ! " queenie be not here ! " I like that earring Claire . claire ( quietly ) shut up ... bender be that real diamond , Claire ? claire ( angry ) shut up ! bender claire I bet they be ... do you work , for the money shut ... for that earring ? you mouth ! bender or do you daddy buy that ? claire ( furious ) shut up ! Claire start cry . bender I bet he buy that for you ! I bet that be a Christmas gift ! right ? you know what I get for Christmas this year ? it be a banner fuckin ' year at the old Bender family ! I get a carton of cigarettes . the old man grab I and say " hey ! smoke up johnny ! " okay , so go home and cry to you daddy , do not cry here , okay ? there be a few beat . andrew my God , be we gonna be like we parent ? claire not I ...ever ... allison it 's unavoidable , it just happen . claire what happen ? allison when you grow up , you heart die . bender who care ? allison be on the verge of tear herself . allison I care ... brian um , I be just think , I mean . I know it 's kind of a weird time , but I be just wonder , um , what be gonna happen to we on Monday ? when we be all together again ? I mean I consider you guy my friend , I be not wrong , be I ? andrew no ... brian so , so on Monday ... what happen ? claire be we still friend , you mean ? if we be friend now , that be ? brian yeah ... claire do you want the truth ? brian yeah , I want the truth ... claire I do not think so ... allison well , do you mean all of we or just John ? claire with all of you ... andrew that 's a real nice attitude , Claire ! claire oh , be honest , Andy ... if Brian come walk up to you in the hall on Monday , what would you do ? I mean picture this , you be there with all the sport . I know exactly what you would do , you would say hi to he and when he leave you would cut he all up so you friend would not think you really like he ! andrew no way ! allison ' Kay , what if I come up to you ? claire same exact thing ! bender ( furious and scream at Claire ) you be a bitch ! claire why ? ' Cause I be tell the truth , that make I a bitch ? bender no ! ' Cause you know how shitty that be to do to someone ! and you do not get the ball to stand up to you friend and tell them that you be gonna like who you wanna like ! claire okay , what about you , you hypocrite ! why do not you take allison to one of you heavy metal vomit party ? or take Brian out to the parking lot at lunch to get high ? what about Andy for that matter , what about I ? what would you friend say if we be walk down the hall together . they would laugh they ass off and you would probably tell they you be do it with I so they would forgive you for be see with I . bender ( furious once again ) do not you ever talk about my friend ! you do not know any of my friend , you do not look at any of my friend and you certainly would not condescend to speak to any of my friend so you just stick to the thing you know , shopping , nail polish , you father 's BMW and you poor -- rich -- drunk mother in the carribean ! claire ( furious and sobbing ) shut up ! bender and as far as be concerned about what 's gonna happen when you and I walk down the hallway at school , you can forget it ! ' Cause it 's never gonna happen ! just bury you head in the sand ... and wait for you fuckin ' prom ! claire I hate you ! bender yeah ? good ! there be silence until Brian speak . brian then I assume allison and I be better people than you guy , huh ? we weirdo ... ( to allison ) do you , would you do that to I ? allison I do not have any friend ... brian well if you do ? allison no ... I do not think the kind of friend I would have would mind ... brian I just wanna tell , each of you , that I would not do that ... I would not and I will not ! ' Cause I think that 's real shitty ... claire you friend would not mind because they look up to we ... Brian laugh at she . brian you be so conceit , Claire . you be so conceit . you be so , like , full of yourself , why be you like that ? claire ( cry again ) I be not say that to be conceit ! I hate it ! I hate have to go along with everything my friend say ! brian well then why do you do it ? claire I do not know , I do not ... you do not understand .. you do not . you be not friend with the same kind of people that Andy and I be friend with ! you know , you just do not understand the pressure that they can put on you ! Brian be shocked . brian I do not understand what ? you think I do not understand pressure , Claire ? well fuck you ! fuck you ! Brian hide he head in he arm because he be cry . brian know why I be here today ? do you ? I be here because Mr. Ryan find a gun in the locker ... andrew why would you have a gun in you locker ? brian I try . you pull the fuckin ' trunk on it and the light 's s'pose to go on ... and it do not go on , I mean , I ... andrew what 's the gun for Brian ? brian just forget it ... andrew you bring it up , man ! brian I can not have a F , I can not have it and I know my parent can not have it ! even if I ace the rest of the semester , I be still only a B . and everything 's ruin for I ! claire ( with pity ) oh Brian ... Brian bashes a chair over . brian so I consider my option , you know ? claire no ! killing yourself be not a option ! brian well I do not do it , do I ? no , I do not think so ! allison it be a hand gun ? brian no , it be a flare gun , go off in my locker . andrew really ? Andrew start to laugh . brian it 's not funny ... they all start to laugh , include Brian . brian yes it be ...fuckin ' elephant be destroy ! allison you wanna know what I do to get in here ? nothing ... I do not have anything better to do . everyone laugh . allison you be laugh at I ... andrew no ! allison start to laugh too . allison yeah you be ! CUT to : 31 . int . library - day later . we see Brian put a record on and then music start . we see they all dance . this go on for the duration of the song . CUT to : 32 . int . HEATING duct - day we see Bender crawl back through the heating duct . CUT to : 33 . int . library - day Andrew , allison , Claire and Brian be sit , in that order on the railing . claire Brian ? brian yeah ? claire be you gonna write you paper ? brian yeah , why ? claire well , it 's kinda a waste for all of we to write we paper , do not you think ? brian oh , but that 's what Vernon want we to do ... claire true , but I think we would all kinda say the same thing . brian you just do not want to write you paper ... right ? claire true , but , you be the smartest , right ? brian ( with pride ) oh , well ... claire we trust you ... Brian glance over at allison and Andrew who nod in approval . andrew yeah ... brian all right , I will do it ... claire great ... Claire look at allison who look back . claire ( to allison ) come on ... allison where be we go ? claire come on ! we see Claire put eye make - up on allison . claire do not be afraid . allison do not stick that in my eye ! claire I be not stick it , just close ... just go like that ... Claire close she eye . allison mimic she . claire good ... Claire put the make - up on she and allison squeal . claire you know you really do look a lot better without all that black shit on you eye ... allison hey ... I like that black shit ... claire this look a lot better ... look up . we see Brian think about what he 's go to write . we see Andrew just think . we see allison and Claire again . Claire be still put make - up on allison . allison please , why be you be so nice to I ? claire ' Cause you be let I . we see Brian begin to write . we see Andrew , still deep in think . CUT to : 34 . int . closet - day we see Bender , in the closet once again . Claire open the door and enter . bender you lose ? Claire stare at he . Bender smile . Claire smile . CUT to : 35 . int . library - day Brian be busily prepare the essay . Andrew look up and see the newly make over allison and be in awe . allison walk towards he and stop when she notice Brian stare at she with he mouth open . she glare at he . brian cool ! allison ( smile ) thank you ! CUT to : 36 . int . closet - day Claire kiss Bender , then she break the kiss . bender why would you do that ? claire ' Cause I know you would not . bender you know how you say before , how you parent use you to get back at each other ... would not I be outstanding in that capacity ? claire be you really disgust about what I do with my lipstick ? bender Truth ? claire Truth ... Bender nod and speak at the same time . bender no ... CUT to : 37 . int . library - day we see Brian lift up he paper and kiss it . we see Andrew and allison . andrew what happen to you ? allison why ? Claire do it ! what 's wrong ? andrew nothing 's wrong , it 's just so different . I can see you face . allison be that good or bad ? andrew ( laugh ) it 's good ! allison smile . we see Brian laugh and give himself a congratulatory punch in the arm . CUT to : 38 . int . hallway - day the five be walk down the hall where they be meet by Carl , sweeping up . Brian nod at he . carl see ya Brian ... brian hey Carl ... bender ( to Carl ) see you next Saturday ... carl you bet ! CUT to : 39 . ext . parking lot - day Brian get into he dady car and leave . Andrew and allison kiss , allison rip a patch off andrewus jacket and get into the car . Andrew 's dad arrive and look at he , then at allison . Andrew get into the car and they drive off . we see Claire take out one of she diamond earring and put it into bender hand . they kiss and she get into she car . she leave . we see Bender put the earring in he ear . CUT to : 40 . int . library - day we see Vernon pick up Brian 's essay and begin to read . brian ( vo ) dear Mr. Vernon , we accept the fact that we have to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it be we do wrong . but we think you be crazy to make a essay tell you who we think we be . you see we as you want to see we ... in the simple term , in the most convenient definition . CUT to : 41 . ext . football field - day we see Bender walk towards we as Brian 's monologue continue . brian ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) but what we find out be that each one of we be a brain ... andrew ( vo ) ... and a athlete ... allison ( vo ) ... and a basket case ... claire ( vo ) ...a princess ... bender ( vo ) ... and a criminal ... brian ( vo ) do that answer you question ? sincerely yours , the Breakfast Club . we see Bender walk across the football field as he thrust he fist into the air in a silent cheer and freeze there . the Breakfast Club star ... Andrew Clark ............. emilio estevez Richard Vernon ........... Paul gleason Brian Johnson ............ Anthony Michael Hall Carl ..................... John kapelo John Bender .............. judd Nelson Claire standish .......... Molly ringwald allison reynold ......... ally sheedy