" the big easy " " nothing but the truth " _ csecond draft by Jack baran and Jim McBride original screenplay by Daniel petrie , Jr. revise : Blue 10/26/85 pink 11/11/85 10/11/85 aerial shot -- the gulf of mexico - night 1 the full moon glitter on the water far below , highlight oi ] rig , tanker , shrimper , ete. studd the vast expanse . we hear a radio o.s. dj ( 0.s . ) it 's two ayem on Crescent City Radio , wwoz , and we be stirrin ' up the gumbo ...! begin music -- beausoleil : " zydeco gris - gris '' a uptempo cajun stomp that set the syncopate beat of the come sequence . begin title sequence . in a series of shot 2 camera swoops down over the mouth of the Mississippi , and up the river , get lower and closer . the light of New Orleans twinkle in the distance . . now we be on the river , move upstream , under the . ° Greater New Orleans Bridge , past huge container ship from all over the world , dock along a endless line of warehouse . now we be move toward the river bank . a light blink twice on shore . we be close in on a huge , dark warehouse . a man , freddie angelo , 37 , a sharply - dress hard guy , wait in the shadow at the end of the dock ; wave a great with he flashlight as we close in on hin . end title . sequence 3 suddenly , freddie hear a noise ; whirl , look up . camera pan up . to reveal two figure frame in the warehouse doorway . they be wear large , papler - mache mardi gras head -mask . they OPEN FIRE with silence mac 10 machine pistol . freddie go down in a spray of bullet . the figure turn and FIRE . two more burst straight at camera . ~ i music continued over | CUT to : | ext . poydras STREET - night : 4 marcelline ardoin , a soulful black nurse be bop down . the street to the same music on she walkman . a toy poodle pull she by the leash into the shadow of a archway . she turn at the squeal of brake nearby . marcelline's Pov - the STREET 5 a chromeless late - model Ford pull up to the curb . two figure pull a third figure out of the back seat and stagger drunkenly into the piazza D'Italia , leave the ear door open . marcelline tug the leash , drag the poodle down the street past the Ford . she glance inside the car , pause , notice something we can not see , glance back toward the figure in the piazza . the poodle whimper , - try to jump into the car . marcelline pull the dog away , boogie- on to the music in she head , then disappear into the shadow of some fake - Roman statuary that border the piazza . two figure run out of the piazza , jump into the Ford , peel out . marcelline turn the corner , past the office of the " New Orleans italian - american Society " . the poodle be tug at the leash . marcelline stoops , unhook the leash , and the little peodle make a bee-line for the fountain in the center of the piazza .. ext . piazza d'italia - fountain - same 6 the poodle scamper up to the fountain , start to yelp as it see the . body of freddie angelo float in the water T marcelline : scream , look down the street after the disappear Ford . ext . piazza d'italia + phone booth - night 8 marceline pick up the phone , dial 911 . voice on telephone ( filter ) Police Department . where be you emergency ? marcelline stare at the phone . voice on telephone hello ? hello ! Police Department ! she rance un 10 11 overhead angle = piazza d'italia - night 9 freddie 's body lie sprawle , half - in- half - out ofthe . illuminate , Italy -shape pool . the square be desert . in a series of cut , we see two squad car arrive , 10 onlooker . gather , a ambulance pull up , a forensic unit , photographer take picture of the body and the scene , hunt for clue , cop set up barricade , etc. , etc . finally , a beautifully wax Chrysler lebaron convertible pull in through the fake - Roman arch . another angle , 1 the lebaron , radio blast out wwoz backbeat , turn into the square . patrolman : close , pal . ( then ) oh , sorry , . Lieutenant . lieutenant remy mcswain get out of the convertible and walk toward the crime scene . remy be a mark contrast to the other detective on the scene with they beer belly and sloppy suit ; remy be trim , very fit , carefully barber and -- even at . this hour -- very expensively dress . he 's a dude . kellom remy ! over here . a uniform Police Captain , jack kellom , wave remy over to . the body . he 's big , beefy , jolly ; sport a big red nose . he have a dote , paternal tone with remy . kellom where you come from ? do not you ever sleep ? 's remy ( grin ) only when the music stop , cher . ( walk over to the body ) what . do we have here ? kellom you. make he ? remy sure . freddie angelo , a wise guy ... Works for " the cannon " . handles mexican import for the family . kellom ah , remy , you have a good eye for the cop . to I they all look alike . . detective mccabe leave off examine the masonry of the piazza with a flashlight and come over to the Captain . she 's a short -haire , tom -boyish redhead , 20' . in the man 's world of the homicide Bureau she hold she own with the boy . she greet remy with a punch on the arm . mccabe can not find any bullet hit , spend shell , nothing like that . very little blood . we figure they smoke he someplace else , then bring he body here . he have twelve hundred cash in he money clip and a piaget watch , all untouched . remy ( impressed ) piaget ? mccabe here 's : the wallet , they just get through lift the print . remy . the driver 's license be miss . . * mccabe I figure the killer take it for proof of the hit . Standard wise - guy procedure , right , remy ? remy . Standard if they be gonna wrap he in a concrete overcoat and drop he in Lake pontchartrain . but. here 's freddie in all he glory , right in the middle of the piazza d'iitalia . what do that tell we ? mccabe shrug . remy * ( look around ) . give the surroundings , I would say it ( ) be a message to the esteem president of the italian - american Association . 12 mccabe vinnie " the cannon " Di moti remy pinch mccabe 's cheek . remy - bring Mr. Di moti in for question first thing tomorrow . . mccabe ( gulp ) suppose he will not come ! remy arrest he as a material witness . you will find he at the barber shop . he 's. always there around ten . Captain kellom put he arm on remy 's shoulder and pull he away from the other . kellom forget the cannon : you father never get he . I never get he , and you be never gonna get . he . remy gotta keep try cher . it 's like a family tradition . CUT to : int . municipal office build --through a window . marked " corruption strike force " -=-day on marcelline ardion . the black nurse who be walk she poodle in the piazza d' Italia last night . she be talk urgently across a desk to anne osborne it 's she office . she 's a lawyer , 27 . there 's a great look girl in there , somewhere , but she go out of she way to hide it -- she 's all business . she listen earnestly as marcelline finish she story , then rise and usher the nurse and she lawyer out of the office . ext STREET ( police garage ) - day on remy' lebaron 12 13 as it swing around the corner , past a barb - wire - enclose tent city of prisoner , then by the huge ' prison itself , and into the garage of Police headquarters . omitted int . homicide division - day on a cartoon CUT - out hang on a wall : a grin vulture . as the shot widen , we see the vulture 's perch on a blow - up of the brass , crescent - shape shield of the New Orleans Police Department . as camera widen further we see that the whole thing be hang over the doorway of the homicide squad . remy enter through the open doorway , dress in a very well - cut business suit . there be about a dozen desk occupy by detective . in the back be two glass - in office , one small , one large . Anne sit wait in the small office - remy 's . in the larger office Captain kellom be bawling out ed dodge and andre do soto . they be both about remy 's age - come out of the Police Academy together , but neither have fare as well as remy . De soto have eat . himself into a mountain . dedge be thin , always need a shave , and wear . a cheap toupee . as soon as 's kellom spot remy , he burst out into the squad room , leave dodge and De soto stand there , hangdog . remy what would they do now ? kellom ( exasperate ) impound a boat ... spend half they shift down at the goddam Police deck ! what be I gonna do with this guy ? . remy why do not we shoot they ? . kellom Nah , they be fun to have around for mardi gras . 14 be dodge. and De soto brighten up , saunter out into the squad room . remy notice Anne sit by he desk . remy' p.o.v.-anne remy who 's that in my office ? kellom that 's Anne osborne . she 's a Assistant d.a. remy I have hear about she . she 's with the strike force investigate corruption . kellom yeah , but she 's here about . the angelo murder . we get write order to co-operate . make nice . remy ( grin ) she 's in . good hand , cher . int . remy' office --day remy enter , all smile , stick out he hand to Anne osborne , perches on the corner of he desk , hover over she , turn on the charm . . remy . Anne ? hi , remy mcswain anne - how do you do , Lieutenant . I have ... remy remy .. remy give she a big smile anne Lieutenant . I be here to find out what : progress you have make on the angelo. murder . remy ( big smile ) what 's you hurry ? the guy ''s not even stiff yet . 16 17 anne ( sardonic ) : he be dead , though , be not he ? : remy } last time I see he . anne is. that it ? no clue , lead ? remy ( grin ) , not : so far . look , I have see dozen of this wise - guy job . we usually find out why the hit go down ; sometimes we find . out who do it ; we even make a arrest once in a while , but we never have : enough to take to court . Anne who have be write furiously on she legal pad , suddenly break the point of she pencil . as remy : deftly hand she a new one from he desk top , mccabe * tap on remy 's office door and open it . mccabe : he. be not at the barber shop , so * we have to go pick he up at he house . remy bring . he in . remy rise as Vincent " the cannon™ Di moti enter . a once young and vigorous capo unwilling to admit he 's old -- he hair be . dyed , he cheek be rouge ; he wear a dark pin-stripe suit : he cane be in the shape : of a golf club . * remy . . thank you . for come in , Mr. Di moti . this be miss osborne with the District Attorney 's office . the cannon lower himself onto a chair , lean on he * cane .. a the cannon on my lawyer be gonna get I out of ( ) here in five minute . i. get nothing to say till then . '' remy ( shocked ) why , you be not under arrest Mr. Di moti . do mccabe here give you that impression ? apologize to Mr. Di meti . mccabe ( play along ) : I be sorry for the misunderstanding , Mr. Di moti .:. remy . . ' you be free to go anytime . Mr. Di moti . we apologize . the cannon rise with difficulty , start for the | door . * remy we only want to express we sympathy about . freddie . the cannon stop at the door , turn . the . cannon . who ? remy you : know , freddie angelo , the guy they find float in the fountain last night behind you office . the . cannon oh , yeah . he use . to work. for I . terrible thing . nobody have any respect for monument anymore . . he turn to leave again . Anne suddenly jump . in . anne : be not it true that . Mr. angelo . * work for you for twenty year and that . he be , in fact in you employ at the time of he death ? the cannon look at . remy as if to say '' who the hell be this ? '' remy shrug . remy nod . follow by the cannon you know , kid , you father would never have drag I down here like this . he know a little something about respect . can I go now ? the cannon stride out of the office , mccabe . Anne turn to remy , steaming . anne . i. can not believe you be so obsequious with that man . remy what do obsequious mean ? anne it mean you have a high rank member of the mafia in you : office and you kiss he remy ass . well , first of all , nobody use word , " mafia " anymore . down here , we call ‘em " wise gay '' . mention this to save you embarrassment . anne I will bear that in mind ... anything elise ? remy I only actually , I learn a lot . from that little interview . anne : ooh yeah ? you. read tarot card ? remy ( laugh ) I read people . for instance , after see the cannon , can probably tell you why freddie sprung a leak last night . I hey , you like spicy food ? why do not we have dinner tonight ? a place ... I know 10 . anne just tell I what you find out from two minute of ass - kissing . a beat . remy be beginning to realize that Ms. osborne be quite capable of hold she own . remy freddie angelo be one of the cannon' . top man , see ? killing he and dump he in the piazza d' itaila - - that be a message to vinnie . i anne and the message be ...? remy I think somebody 's tell he it 's time to retire . last time I see he he do not have a hearing aid or a cane , either . he 's " gotton old . some of he people may be get restless . anne this all sound pretty flimsy to I . remy . there 's. more . normally , he go to he barber every morning for a shave and a manicure . today , he. stay home . anne meaning what ? remy : meaning the message be come through loud and clear . anne i. suppose you . know who the killer be , too ? remy no , but in a week or so , I bet '' we : find he . body . il . 12 . anne then what . will you do ? remy nothing . we will never get ) anything we can take to court . Hell , I would close the case right now except for one thing . . anne what 's that ? ~ remy I will tell you over dinner . : anne . 's : I be here in a official capacity * Lieutenant ... remy ( charming smile ) come on , everbody have to eat , even cop and a.d.a . 's . ... . - Anne smile as. well ° cut. to : . 18 : ext . k- paul 's . - night ~ 18 remy 's lebaron pull up to a fire hydrant in front of this funky , but world - famous restaurant . remy flip down he sun visor so that it show a official placard : " police Business . " Anne note this , disapprovingly . there be a line of people half a block long wait outside the door which be guard by a uniform cop , maurice . he open the door as remy and Anne approach . the crowd whistle as . they be ushere inside . anne . this be embarrassing . remy Nah , this be what 's great about be a cop . 13 . int . k=paul be - night the joint be jamme and jump , crowded with people table pack around a small dance floor where Little queenie and the radiators crank out the quintessential new. Orleans '' second line " backbeat . the din be so loud you have to shout to be hear . the bar be absolutely pack , people stand three deep . perched on a stool strategically place between the cash register and the kitchen door sit the gargantuan black - bearded patron , chef paul , take little taste from the overflow plate the waiter carry out . he wave . to remy hold up five finger . remy ( to Anne ) : it will be five minute ... Anne look around agog at all this activity . the music be infectious , start she foot to tapping . remy notice . remy dance : with I ... we will work up a appetite . anne I think . we be here to discuss . business ? remy not at the bar ... never know . who might be listen ... Anne smile as remy lead she out onto a dance floor fill with bounce , sweaty people . Anne be a little intimidate , have a hard time pick up the idiosyncratic : beat . remy do not they dance where you come from ? anne they do not dance at all . remy lead she . into it , show she the step . 19 20 14 . , remy well , this be New Orleans , cher . down here , dance be a way of life . Anne do she best to pick up the beat as we ... CUT to : int . k- paul be -- later the dance be over , the room have clear out a bit . Anne and remy be seat at a table in the back , pick over . the remain of a sumptous meal crawfish etouffee , file ' gumbo , blacken redfish . Anne be a little bit . dishevel tipsy , sweat and flushed from the spicy food , laugh at remy 's put - on cajan accent . ' remy my people on my mana 's side , dey be the real cajun , born and dead on the bayou teche . I use to pass myself down there in the summer wid my uncle vern . a cajun , he get a little money in . his. pocket , he quit he job and spend it all -- jaissuz les bon temp . rouler -- let de good time roll . anne . I think you come from a family - of irish cop . remy . | that 's on my daddy 's side . he be the first one to become a cop ... anne : ( finish he sentence ) «.. follow by three brother , a son , and four nephew ... remy . ( interrup ) cousin Terry join the Fire Department . Black sheep of the family . 20 be . anne you father be kill in the line of duty ... you be the youngest detective to ever make lieutenant ... remy I have a - in in the department * anne . ( smile ) careful who you tell that . to ... * remy oh , I forget ... you bust * cop for a live ... anne * I be not embarrassed to put bad cop behind bar . remy pour out the last of the wine , change the subject . . tell . I something : about you * life . anne . it " 's not as . colorful as yours . remy how do . you know all this . stuff * about. I ? anne I : investigate cop , remember ? get a file on you this thick . * it even have a picture of you as. a altar boy . you be very cute in . you little outfit . remy , be : that the juiciest thing you . could find ? anne : you be marry , briefly ... remy very briefly . , anne you have have a series of love affair since then , but nothing all that serious . _~ remy lean toward she with a twinkle in he eye . remy to I they be all serious ... ( take Anne 's hand ) would . you like I to tell you why I be not close the angelo case . anne ( self-conscious about remy touch she ) . that 's suppose to be why I be here . remy it 's you . anne ( skeptically ) oh , please ... suddenly 's remy be very much a cop . : remy . .- how come a assistant . District Attorney on the official corruption Strike Force be suddenly interested in a routine mafia hit ? anne 's ( ease she hand away ) " Wise guy " . a routine wise guy hit . . remy what. give ? anne . ( business - like ) we office have jurisdiction to investigate any crime we see fit . remy be there some police corruption angle on this case ? 16 . not for the first time Anne realize that she 's underestimate remy . anne no comment . remy do you have any evidence at ali ? another beat . Anne do not answer . suddenly , chef Paul appear at tableside . chef paul how 's everything ? you like that gumbo ? ( to Anne ) remy 's great-aunt . emmeline teach I my gumbo . ( xidding ) . I do not know , Paul , emmeline use a lot more of that sassafrass file 's in hers . chef paul watch you month , boy ! you will not . get no dessert . we get . cajun coush -coush . we get special dobash . cake ... remy look at Anne anne nothing for I , thanks .. I have get . to be up early tomorrow . remy I guess just the check tonight . chef paul waht you talk about , cher ? remy . I : want the check , Paul . 17 . 21 chef paul ( to Anne ) remy pass loss he mind !- he know he money 's no good in here . anne . then give I the check . remy ( deadpan ) anne. here be with the District Attorney 's office . chef paul oh , really ? {then he get it ) hey , remy , you . want you check ? it 's right here all the time . ext .. tchoupitoulas st.- night remy 's lebaron turn a corner and find the street block : by a group of transvestite , staging a impromptu " Southern . decadence " parade . int . remy' lebaron-same a portable blue . police light sit . in the well between Anne 's and remy 's seat , along with a two - way radio and a box of shotgun shell . remy take the light , put in on the dashboard , flick it on . the flash blue light disperse the transvestites . remy steer the lebaron through they . Anne look disapprovingly at the array of police paraphernalia . anne do the police department outfit . all of the. detective ' private car like this ? remy it 's a " spook car '' ... confiscate in a drug bust ... make for good cover . anne . Nice job -- free car , free food ... you : honestly do not see the harm in any of this ? remy . Neo , I do not see the harm ... this : be . the perk . 18 . 21 22 19 . anne but the restaurant be go to expect extra protection in return , and expect the officer . to overlook any code violation . remy if all the code be enforce you would not have a restaurant in this city that could stay open . anne : so what you be deaing here be defend corruption . remy I be not defend anything . this be . New Orleans , darling . folk have a certain way of do thing down here . people like to show they gratitude . Anne snort , offended by he smugness . anne . so how do it work ? you get free suit ? a envelope from chef Paul every week ? remy pull up to a red light , give she a amused , incredulous look . he pluck . open the lapel of she blouse , look down . ue remy you get a wire in there ? she : smack he hand away . remy look down the street , then drive straight through the red light . Anne roll . she eye . : anne | I be serious , you know . how far do this stuff to ? be everything for. sale ? what do it cost to beat a murder rap ? 20 . remy ( genuinely insulted ) be that what you think about * cop ? you get a real bad attitude , lady ... anne . this evening have not do much to * improve it any . I have never see one person break so may law in so ' short . a space of time . remy forget about the law for just a * minute . when you get out on the ' street it 's very simple -- there be the good guy and the bad guy ... anne . and you be the good guy ? _. remy . damn : right .. and we be all that stand . between . you. and they .. int . remy' car - parked 2228 Anne get out of the car . then turn back for a parting shot . . anne do not think that I be naive . I know the way the system work . but thing can change . . 's remy yeah ? you gonna change ‘em ? she : turn , start away . remy hop out . of the car . remy be this you building ? anne no , I live up the street . I just want to . get a few thing . 23 24 21. remy I will wait and drive you the rest of the way . anne I would rather walk . remy I will walk with you . anne thank you for a very illuminate evening . remy watch as she turne and enter the White hen pantry . omitted 23 ext . anne's STREET - night - little later '' . 24 Anne be walk up she street burden by two plastic shopping bag in addition to she briefcase . suddenly , behind she , a woman . scream : woman .( o.s. ) my purse ! Anne turn . around to see a mugger run toward she , clutching a woman 's purse . instinctively Anne swing one of she shopping bag at the mugger 's leg , and the mugger take a nosedive into the pavement . but Anne do not see ... {the second megger who plow : into she , and she smashes into the pavement with a sicken crunch . the wind 's - be knock out of she but still she grab the second mugger 's ankle . he try : to twist away but ... anne will not let go even though . he 's drag she along the pavement , try to kick he foot out of she grip . but. now the ... first mugger have get up and have pull a knife on Anne , either to threaten she or to stick she , but just then ... 22. remy' lebaron bounce up onto the sidewalk , knock the first mugger fly . in a flash , remy 's out of the car , gun down and shouting . remy Police : the second mugger try to dodge past and remy slam he on the side of the head with the pistol and he sink to he knee . remy level he gun right at the first mugger 's face no more than four foot away . remy ( continue ) do not screw up ! the first mugger drop the knife . Anne -- daze -- start to get up , but remy stop she . remy ( continue ) stay down for a second . ( to pirst. mugger ) get down flat on you face . right. there . that 's right . ( to second mugger ) you , too , face down on the sidewalk there . second mugger I ? remy no , the Pope ! face down . very cautiously remy frisk he prisoner , one at a time , he gun cover they closely . he fling the content of they pocket out into the gutter . Anne get to she knee . her dress be tear , she knee be scrape . she crawl a couple of foot to one of she shopping bag and be try to put the content back in the bag . remy ( continue ; to Anne ) just sit there a minute . good thing I be such a pushy guy , huh ? 23. a dumpy , 55 - year old woman , the victim of the mugging , _run up , gasp for breath . remy pick up the woman 's purse from the sidewalk and hand it to she . woman 's you. a. cop ? thank . God you be here , I just cashed my paycheck . the woman check through she purse , then , satisfied that the content . be intact , start to hobble away . remy if you will stay a moment , a patrolman will take you statement . woman you think I be crazy or what ? and she leave , mutter under she breath . remy ignore she . he handcuffs the prisoner together , run the chain of the handcuffs through he lebaron 's bumper so the prisoner can not get away . remy crouch : close to the mugger . and : pitch he voice low , so that Anne can not hear he . remy a patrol . car be . go to. come for you in .a little while . if you do anything to my car , if you even get fingerprint on the paint , they be go : to beat the live shit . out of you . he raise he voice for Anne 's . benefit . remy ( continue ) do you fully understand each and every one of this rights as I have explain they to you ? first & second mugger yes , sir . 25 26 remy turn away from the mugger without another think . Anne be try to gather up she belonging ; remy help she . : . ext . anne's apartment house - same Anne : and . remy go through the gate and into the house . int . anne's apartment --night remy prowl around the live room of this spacious old apartment , while Anne mechanically unload she grocery in the kitchen . remy | very comfortable . Anne drop a jar of coffee in the sink ; it shatter . she might not even see it . she begin to shake . remy can not see this . : : anne ( weakly ) I can not stop shaking ... remy I will fix you a drink ... ( a. quick bear ) where 's : the booze ? anne in the cabinet . he see she shoulder shaking . she try to wave he away . she 's embarrassed by the wrack spasm that shake she whole body . remy take over , pull open some cabinet , find a bottle of vodka and pour she a stiff shot . he hold it for she , half force she to drink it ; she gag on the warm liquor . remy take a stiff belt for himself straight out of the bottle . remy everything 's . all right now . you be safe . nothing 's gonna bother you . 25 26 27 she blunder into he arm , he hold she and rock she back and forth . remy stroke she hair , kiss she cheek , then kiss she lightly on the lip . she step back form he , turn away . remy look , Anne , I be sorry . i. do not . mean to take advantage . anne I be 0.k. now ... she turn to face he , pull back together , hold she hand out to shake . anne . I think I would like to be alone , now . remy I 'm. go . anne . ( as he reach the decor ) thanks , for the rescue . remy just like to movie , huh ? he slip out the door . '' int squad room --remy' office --day typewriter key bang out the word , " angelo , frederico " under the head " victim " -- remy be peck out he report . detective Foster come in with something for remy to. sign . foster . hey , remy , listen to this . remember laverne Williams , who ... stabbed she husband last week ? remy nod , sign the paper without look at it . the phone ring . he reach for it . Foster stay he hand . foster ( continue ) we go see she , see ? " Mrs. . Williams , you husband just die , and you be bust for second degree homicide . " you know what . she say ? " the bastard - 25 . 27 26 . they both break up , laugh . remy grab the phone . remy ( still laugh ) - homicide , mcswain . ( off ) hello , Lieutenant ... remy ( straighten up ) Anne ! hey ... he wave Foster out of the room . Foster wink as he exit . intercut with : 28 int . anne's office - same . : 28 she 's doodling on she note pad * anne tell I , what 's . new on the . * angelo. case ? . remy — ( resume : type ) not : a. thing . anne why not ? be not you work on it ? * remy I get . a poison heiress in the Garden District , a strangle transvestite in the Quarter , and a _ suspicious asphyxiation back o' town . freddie angelo have to wait he turn . . . anne . Lieutenant , I think you be go to give priority to the angelo murder . now. when be I go to see a copy of you report ? * remy how about tonight ? the neville Brothers be paly at tip 's . I could give it to you there . anne look , I have be think that we ought to keep this relationship strictly professional . remy I think we pass a good time last night , cher . do not you like the music ? anne the music be very nice . remy do not you like the food ? anne the food be delicious , but look remy , please forget about last night . there 's too much possibility for conflict - of-interest . remy why ? be you investigate I ? anne . of course not ... remy then , why do not I pick you up at . eight ? anne no ... just please have somebody send over the report . she hang up , rip the sheet of note from she yellow pad , crumple it into a ball , hugh - buwling she boss , enter . ~ dowling Anne , you have get to learn to relax a little . this. be New Orleans , you know . why. do not we. go out tonight ? the neville Brothers be play at tipitina 's . 29 she look at he , exasperate ; throw the ball - up piece of paper at he . . cur to : ext . anne's office . build -- night . Anne walk briskly up the street . she do not see remy 's lebaron slow down in rush hour traffic beside she . remy roll down the passenger side window and shout . remy Anne ! Anne jump , startle . remy stop he car . the car behind , already force to a crawl ; slam on they brake . anne . what be you do here ? remy slam he car into park and jump out to join Anne on the sidwalk . remy listen , i. get .. a large pizza in the car ... pepperone , extra cheese ... here , take a look ... remy reach into the car , pull out a pizza box . the man in the car behind remy 's lean on he horn . man move the goddam car , willya ? anne . : you can not get out of this that easy . where 's my report ? remy - ( lift the cover . of the pizza box ) right here ... Anne look into the box , see a steaming pizza . anne . where ? 29 30 29 . remy under the pizza ... you have to eat the pie to get . the report ... Anne hesitates , tempt . . man go on , girlie , get in the car . anne do the pizza have anchovy ? CUT to : int . anne's apartment --night remy be stretch out lengthwise on the couch , gaze at the ceiling . Anne be sit at the table , read the report . there be only crust and a manila envelope leave in the pizza box . Anne finish the report , put it down , look over at remy with somewhat new eye -- she 's impressed . . anne you : write a good report . remy . ( sit up ) do : that mean we can go to tipitina 's now ? . anne no .. I want to ask you a couple of : question . remy stretch back out , resign . Anne browse through the report , go over the new information . anne . he : be shot at a severe downward angle . the weapon be a mac 10 pistol . dope smuggler ? remy ( shrug ) yeah , but a lot of you young wise guy use ‘em , too . 30 * A. beat . anne ( go on ) now , they find angelo 's car park way out on tchoupitoulas Street , ... but you could not find any evidence of a crime . remy yeah , but what it do not say in there be that angelo 's car be park across the street from a wharf warehouse own by carmine ftandino , a well - know hit man in the family of vinnie the cannon - Di moti .. I be go to check out the warehouse tomorrow . : anne but of course , that 's not in the report . remy we be not suppose to draw conclusion , you know that . anne but if someone be to ask you , what . conclusion would you draw ? remy well , freddie angelo import heroin for a live . tandino 's warehouse be on the river . sometimes heroin come up the river . draw you own conclusion . _ Anne look over at remy . remy what ? . anne you surprise I sometimes . remy . how 's that ? 30 . anne I be impressed by all the evidence you have manage to accumulate in so short a time . i. do a really thorough ob . remy laugh , stand , start . toward where she sit behind the table . remy what do you think I would do ? : . a really lousy job ? anne no , i. do not mean ... remy ( move closer ) why do not you like I , Anne ...? anne ( nonpluss ) what ?... I do ... I do like you ... . remy 's why do not you trust I , then ? she 's speechless for a second . remy plant he hand on the table , lean toward she . remy do you think I be a rotten , do not , give - a-shit , dishonest , dirty cop , Anne ? be that what you think of I ? he 's lean very close now . she look up into he eye . anne : ( sorry she think all . that thing ) no , no ... I do trust you , I do ... they kiss + , 31-38 omitted 31 . 31-3 : 4c. 41 32 . ext . storyville housing project STREET --night a vast 1950 's low - income project , now go to ruin . most of the streetlight have be vandalize . the street be . dark . a car swing into the scene , come toward . the camera , headlight fill the screen , lurehe to a stop . the headlight go out . two shadowy figure jump out of the car and enter the project . a beat . two black teenager appear out of the darkness , each carry tool . they circle the car , case it . they be about to strip it down . then one of they stop short , grab the other ; point to something on the front seat . the second kid 's face register fear . they ' turn and run away . curt to : int .. storyville project -~ hallway -- night on A. bare light bulb a shotgun barrel smashes the bulb . everything go dark . a sliver of light break from a open door ; a head : pop out . a rough hand . push the head baek inside . the door shut and bolt , fast . darkness again . we hear the crack of split wood , as the next door down be . kick open . Light spill out ; two figure dash in . we hear one , two , three shotgun blast . there 's a terrible . scream , then a FOURTH shotgun blast , then silence . a long beat . the two figure run out , blur past the camera . cut to : int . anne's bedroom --night Anne 's . and remy 's beeper lie side by side on the ' night table . Anne and . remy be kissing passionately , thrashing around under the cover . suddenly she twist away from he . anne I be sorry . I be too nervous . I can not relax . 39 40 41 : : remy hey , take it easy . anne I be so embarrassed . remy it 's all right , there 's no hurry . he slide . closer to she and stroke she back . - anne it 's no use remy - just relax , close you eye , do not pay any attention to I . and remy move he hand under the cover to stroke , gently , lower and lower down she front . we can see nothing under the cover except the tiniest motion of he finger . . anne stop that . she say it without conviction and . he do not stop . there 's a long moment of silence and no movement except for he finger 's tiny motion . then , very slowly , she hip begin to move to match he rhythm , then gradually take on a insistent rhythm of they own . now Anne make a series . of small sound , short , tight little cry which she repeat over and over again and now louder and louder as she hit she orgasm . remy 's hand guide she body into a good angle and he enter she . close on anne her face press up against the bed . she cry out again and . again . a beeper go off from the night table . they both automatically sit up . he hang up remy start * anne your or mine ? remy mine . ( he shut . off the beeper and dial rapidly ) you better have a goddamn good reason for paging I . ( a beat ) all right , slow down . the phone and start to get . dress . anne what. be it ? remy triple murder in storyville . I be really sorry . anne oh , it do not matter . I never have much luck with sex , anyway . remy bend to kiss she . remy . you luck just might . be change , chere . anne . how long do it take to go to a murder ? remy couple of hour at least . anne . come. back . remy . you sure ? anne I be sure . out the door . anne we will talk about the angelo case . CUT to : 44 45 35 . omitted ext . storyville housing project --night Police barricade have be set up , and cop be hold back a restive crowd of project-dwellers . every now and then a bottle be throw , but the erowd be not really violent and the police ignore they . remy make he way through the barricade toward a station wagan next . to which Captain kellom stand . kellom remy , will you call you mother , for chrissake ? she have not hear from you in a week . ' remy ( joke ) when. the hell be you . gonna make a honest woman out of she , cher ? kellom you. know she. will not : marry I " till . I retire . . remy . that will be the day . ( look over the restive crowd ) why the crowd ? kellom ( dismissive ) ah , a couple of kid start a@ rumor that the killer be in a unmark police car .. remy . Jesus cur to : omitted int . storyville project --scene of the crime -- night 42 ° 43 44 * 45 the dead body of a black man with dreadlock , half of he neck and lower jaw blow away , sprawl face down on the floor , shot as he be run for the hallway that lead to the interior of the apartment . 46 int . live room --same , 46 nearby , De soto be stretch out on the sofa , he hat cover he eye , snore . photographer and fingerprint duster be jostie around each other in this . timy live room , pack up they equipment . two forensic technician be spread a body bag beside the corpse . remy appear out of the hallway . he look pensively at the body . forensic # 1 alright to roll he over , Lieutenant ? ' remy yeah , roll away . they roll the body onto its back , ' into the body . bag ... remy kneel , stare at the face . suddenly remember .. remy . jamaal . Washington ... he look up -- kellom 's stand in the doorway . remy everything under control down there ? kellom yeah . the riot 's turn into a part . remy ( grin ) I love this . town .. remy stand , as kellom step into the apartment . remy 's grin turn to surprise as he see Anne follow kellom inside . kellom you remember Anne osborne , do not you , remy ? anne ( shake he hand ) Nice to see you again , lieutenent . . kellom the d.a. 's interested because there 's a allegation that police officer do the shoot . . remy do you believe every rumor you hear on the street ? anne . : ( business -like ) . have you find any evidence one way or the other ? remy right now all . we have be two unknown male caucasian suspect . not officer , suspect . and one unsubstatiate rumor . . kellom anything on the victim ? oy remy take . Anne and kellom on a brief tour of the crime scene . the forensics push through they , lug the body bag . remy - this one 's jamaal Washington . kellom daddy mention 's outfit ! pass the couch , kellom kick the doze De soto in . the foot . De soto 's eye blink open : kellom jerk he thumb in Anne 's direction . . De soto jump to he foot and try to look . busy . 48 int . another hallway by bathroom=-same remy lead they down the dark hallway ; stop , block the doorway to the bathroom , ushere they past . one foot stick out into the hall . remy ( to Anne ) you do not want to see this . the guy 's face be go . we will have to wait for a fingerprint id on he . he squeeze past they in the hall , lead they into the bedroom . int bedroom --same remy . third victim I make to be one of the nobilier brother , also narcotic , also a runner for daddy mention . - anne . who 's : daddy mention ? kellom he run : the black side of narcotic in New Orleans . the cannon handle the white action . in the bedroom , the closet door be open and somebody be . stand on a chair inside , hunt around ; we only see he leg . the bed be spatter with blood . the third body be on the floor on the other side of the bed . Anne peek over the bed , turn quickly away . remy . ( take note of she reaction ) Anne ? anne ( deadpan ) why do not you believe the killer be cop ? 38 . 47 48 39 . remy because if they be , they would have stay right here , and when the rest of we arrive , we would have find gun , knife , all kind of . evidence that the victim resist arrest . it 's something every cop in the world know how to do . anne that. do not . surprise I . remy you probably know how to bribe a juror , too , even though you have never do it . dodge ( 0.s. ) ( suddenly ) hey , remy , look what I get ! all eye . turn to the closet . dodge emerge hold up a clear plastic bag of brownish - white powder . his toupee be askew . : - dodge ( hold it up ) feel like about a key . remy reach out and adjust dodge 's toupee . dodge blushes , turn . a panic look in the blood spatter mirror . remy carefully check the marking on the tear plastic package . remy . ( to. Anne ) heroin . mexican brown . kellom be at the foot of the bed leok at the body . kellom shotgun , huh ? remy ( look over at he ) I figure tandino . kellom nod . anne. look up . 40 . remy - carmine tandino-- hit man for vinnie the cannon Anne glance around the room spot bit of brain and . bone on the wall , bit of flesh on the floor . she struggle to keep she composure . her upper lip be pepper with perspiration . remy will you wrap it up here Captain ? I would like : to take miss osborne home . anne ( softly ) thank you . kellom watch benignly as remy lead she back down the hall , turn to desoto . kellom they make a nice couple , don ' t they ? CUT to ; int. remy' lebaron~-night . 48a Anne have the passenger side window down and be gulp the night . air . remy we will go to my apartment , it 's closer . ok ? Anne nod wanly . remy you know . after a while you get use to stuff like that , you get harden . but. everybody get sick the first time , do not be embarrassed . anne I will be fine . remy tell I if you be gonna throw up . I will pull over . anne . I be not . go to throw up . int . remy' apartment--bathroom-~night Anne be sit on the floor near the toilet . remy hand she a washcloth . . anne you think a man name carmine fandino kill thise man tonight , right ? remy ( laugh ) even with you head in the toilet you still want . to talk business . ( she frown , he get serious ) yes , right . I do think that tandino kill that boy . she pull herself shakily to she foot . he steady she . she cross to the sink , take remy 's toothbrush , apply toothpaste , etc . all the while eross -examine he . '' anne and therefore they must have kill . freddie angelo ? remy right , again . remy snuggle up behind she as she brushes she tooth . anne what do that do to you theory that the angelo murder be a message to get . the cannon to retire ? remy now . we know who send it . daddy mention , not one of vinnie 's wise guy . now we be deal with something much bigger than just a. family squabble . anne ( sarcastically ) sure , we be ... 41 . 48b Anne rinse remy put a she reach 42 . remy what 's that suppose to mean ? out she mouth , turn to face he . anne be carmine tandino the only person in the world who use a shotgun to kill people ? remy no , but he 's one of the few who turn a profit at it . anne . ( pointedly ) and of course , you do not think the police could have have anything to do with it . remy . of course not . I tell you cop do not do that . even the worst one . people be always accuse the cop of everything . anne then how do you explain ...? finger to she lip , silencing she . remy how do you feel now ? anne do not this stuff ever get to you ? remy ( grin ) bullet bounce off of I . anne be not you ever afraid . . remy all the time . over and . take he hand : 43. ( ya9 - 52 omtrted 49-52 53 54 int . remy' apartment--bedroom--morning : 53 sunlight come in through the drape wake Anne - - at first she do not know where she be , then , remember she feel around the bed for remy , but he 's not there . she get out of bed stretch like a content cat . int .. kitchen --same 54 Anne come into the kitchen and see remy , naked except for a pair of jeans , bend over look in the refrigerator . Anne can not resist . tiptoeing up behind remy -- playfully , she run she hand up into he crotch . remy leap into the air , knock thing over inside the fridge ; he spin around , terrify , and it isn't remy at all . Anne give a half scream and jump back . anne who be you ? : bobby ( try to get . he breath ) I be Bobby mcswain . remy 's . * brother . Jesus , you scared . the hell out of I . this 20 year - old look a lot like remy . anne where do you come from ? bobby I spend the night here , on the couch . anne : oh God . Excuse I Anne hurry out toward the bedroom . bobby . ( call after she ) I be sorry if I embarrassed you . * anne . I should get over it in a couple * of. year . 44 ... int . remy' build --staircase --day 54a + remy come up the staircase , carry a sack of grocery . Anne come out of the ' apartment fully dress . remy hey , I be just out get we some breakfast . anne i. have to get to work . remy I will drop you off . anne I will get a cab . she brushes past the bewilder remy . remy * what 's wrong ? = but she disappear down the : stair . Bobby appear of in the doorway of the apartment : bobby so what 's for breakfast ? cuT to : 55-57 omitted 55-57 58 int .. police headquaters --interrogation room # 1 --day 58 on a pair of hand . count out stack of greasy bill . camera pull back to reveal sgt . dudivier , a middle - age , nervous , black uniform cop , count out the money , while sgt . guerra stuff the bill into envelepe . a lie detector sit beside they on a table . the. door open abruptly . Guerra and duvivier , startle , jump to cover the money . remy 's head pop in . 59 60 duvivier Jesus , remy , you scared the shit out of I ! do not be just walk into a interrogation . room without knock . remy where be the storyville witness ? Guerra jerk he thumb in the direction of the next room . int . hallway --same . . 59 remy come out of interrogation # 1 and enter interrogation # 2 . : int . interrogation room #2--same 60 the two teenage car vandal we see last night in storyville be sit across the table from desoto , silent . and nervous . empty peanut shell cover desoto and the floor around he . he belch , pop a- maalox tablet into he . mouth . remy we hear you boy see something last night . at the project . around the time of the murder . car vandal # 1 we did't see nothin 's : remy somebody say you see a unmark police car . car vandal # 2 we do not see nothin’ . desoto look at . remy and shrug . . . take they statement . and let ‘em go home . he leave . int . hallway -~same 61 - remy hurry past the glass - in security booth of the property room , wave to sgt . dewey piersall , behind the glass . : dewey ( call after he ) get I outa here , remy ! I hate this job . remy soon as I get a spot , dewey , you be next in line . detective foster , mccabe 's partner from the angelo murder . scene , come run down the stair . foster hey , remy ! remeber the guy who lose he face last night ? look what . the morgue guy find in he pocket . he hold up a clear plastic envelope contain a driver 's license . remy take it and look at it . 62 insert=--driver's license 62 it have . freddie angelo 's name and picture on it . _ remy freddie angelo 's driver 's license ! beautiful . that guy . kill preddie , just like I think . ccut to : 63 int . squad room=--day 63 mccabe ( to phone ) and. what time do he leave ?... you be sure of that ?... thank you . she hang up the : phone , look up at remy . mccabe ~ carmine tandino have a airtight alibi . he be at the carousel Club with he wife and half he family until . 4 a.m . she show he a list of name . 64 / mccabe I get twelve people already who corroborate he story , the waiter , the maitre d' , the stripper who ... remy ( interrupt ) you know who own the carcusel Club ? vinnie the cannon 's nephew , that 's who . it 's a very popular spot for alibis . I will talk to Mr. tandino myself . , dodge shout to remy from across the room . dodge remy ! Anne osborne on the line . should I tell she you be not here ? several people look up at the mention of Anne 's name . the room quite to a dull roar , eye on remy . no , I will take it . play to the crowd . remy ( to phone ) miss osborne . I have not get the forensic or ballistic report yet , so I ... int . anne's office --same Anne be talk softly into the phone . anne - I do not . call . about that . ' remy step in . the door to he office , grab the phone , cur to : 64 intercut with : int . remy' office / squad room --same 65 remy , catch the tone of she voice , close the door to he office . ra2 zzing from the boy on the outside . anne ( off ) I be sorry about this morning . about the way I run out . remy yeah , I too . * anne I be sort of confuse . . * remy . , do not be confuse , chere . anne . thing like last night do not happen to I . . remy me. either ... anne no , I mean it ... confilict emotion flesh across she face . . anne . I know too much about you reputation to believe you . * Guerra . enter the office and slip a envelope under remy 's . blotter . remy shoos he out . remy ( to phone ) meet : I for lunch and - look into my eye and see if you * believe I . : anne : ( laugh ) * no , listen , I can not ... 49 . remy ( before she can finish ) I will reserve we a table at antoine 's for one o'clock . click . he hang up . | 65a int ... squard room -- same : 65 a dodge see Guerra comin toward he from remy 's office . he pull open he desk drawer : leave he desk . Guerra pass dodge 's desk and discreetly drop a envelope into the open drawer . remy come out he office , pull on he jacket . dodge waylay he . dodge what do she want ? . remy who ? Anne ! dodge Anne , he call she '' she 's. get everybody around here . scared . shitless and you be callin she Anne , fychrissake ! kellom come out of he office , join remy and dodge as Guerra enter kellom 's . office . dodge I think she 's : use the angelo murder as a excuse to sniff around here and find out . something about we little ... widow and orphans Fund . he say . this with a nod toward Guerra who be now leave kellom 's office . 4 kellom 3 relax , sergeant . remy 's get . this : girl eat out of the palm of she hand . any problem on the street ? we 67 66 . : dodge yeah , the toulouse bar & Grill , * you know , down the block 's from the Castle Key ? kellom yeah , I know it . : dodge there 's a new owner in there . he 's have some trouble and he want to talk to you about it . kellom . T do not talk to nobody . you take care of it . : : dodge . he 's get this : thing about rank . he do not want to talk to no sergeant or flat foot . dedge turn hopefully to remy , who 's make a bee-line for the door . remy : do not : look at I Eddie . TI have . to go see carmine tendino . dodge come on , for the widow and orphans Fund . it will take five minute . it 's - + on you way . ext . french quarter STREET --day 66 remy ' 's lebaron pull up to a red zone outside the toulouse : bar & Grill . remy flip down he " Police Business '' visor , enter the bar . int . toulouse bar and grill --day 67 remy I be look for George Joel . the bartender point to a fat man at the end of the bar . remy flash he badge . Joel be nervous and sweaty , moove he face with a soggy handkerchief . sl . remy you want to talk to somebody ? GEORGE joel i. want to see the Captain . remy shrug , stand , start to leave . Joel , suddenly deferential , start to apologize . GEORGE joel please , come back . I be sorry if i. offended you . remy stop , look down at the little man ; say nothing . GEORGE joel - look , there 's a different cop in here every night , shaking I down . I can not , stay in business this way . remy : if there be cop comin in here bother you , send ‘em to I . GEORGE joel do not . get I wrong , I want to pay . I just want to pay one guy one amount once a month , and not have half the cop inthe city jump all . over I . : remy we will set you up with a number you can call . GEORGE joel I know you be the right man to talk . to. George Joel stuff a white envelope into remy 's pocket . remy . what the hell be this ? GEORGE joel I be just say thank you . remy grab George Joel by the shirt front . remy you get a wire in here ? . 67 cont 'd 68 69 GEORGE joel help ! remy drop Joel and spin around . a beefy internal * affayr cop appear on the balcony above . internal affayr cop # 1 hold it . there ! but remy sprint for the door . as he do he fling * the content of the envelope . up in the air - the bar 's patron dive for and fight over the fify - dollar bill - and then remy stuff the envelope itself into he . mouth , chew as hard as he can . ext . toulouse bar & grill - day 68 remy burst out of the tavern right into three internal affair cop face he with gun draw . inteknal affayr cop # 2 Internal . affair , hold it there ! remy raise he hand , he face impassive , still chew vigorously . . . internal affayr cop # 3 what 's . he chew ? internal affayr cop # 2 spit it out ! remy ignore they . Internal affair cop # 1. appear with a. video. camera . internal affayr . cop ! 1 chew. all you want , asshole ! we get everything on tape . cur to : int . antoine - day 69 Anne be sit expectantly under the huge stain - glass window of the vanerable New Orleans restaurant . she 's brush she hair out and put on a little make - up and look excited and a little unsure of herself . the waiter bring she a rosebud and a bottle of champagne . waiter compliment of Mr. mcswain . she flush , take the rosebud , sniff it . just then , the maitre D ' appear with the telephone . maitre d' miss . osborne ? call for you . he plug the phone into the wall , hand the receiver to Anne , withdraw discreetly . anne . ( to phone ) , can not leave the office for a hour , Hugh ? cammera move in tighter and tighter on Anne , as she listen , she face register , first shock , then disbelief , then anger , shame , humiliation . - anne what ?.... what ?....... i'1l be right . there . CUT to : : omitted ° 70 int . strike force office - conference room - day 71 a tv monitor fill the frame . on it be a videotape of remy take the envelope . we pull back to discover Anne , flanke by Hugh dowling , the Internal affair cop , and three young lawyer . Anne 's face be pale , over - control , she struggle not to show the disappointment , bitterness , betrayal she feel . the first young lawyer be a venal , cocky little guy . the . first young lawyer we get the bribery conviction sewn up - it 's right here on the tape . second yound lawyer I do not know . it just skirt the edge of entrapment . if you get the wrong judge he will throw the case out . the first young lawyer maybe he will want to make a deal . dowling i. do not think we should offer a deal now . I think we should get a conviction and then we can offer a deal . Anne , I want you to ask . for a very high bail . let. he sweat a little . anne T can not dowling you. have to , I do not have anybody else . : CUT to : int . police headquarters - underground garage - day 72 the garage be scattered with all manner of police vehicle . a group of prisoner be be load , single - file , into a van for transport to the courthouse . remy be among they , stand out from the rest of the low - life in he still - natty attire . kellom step out from the shadow , whisper a.word to the deputy sheriff , pull remy aside . kellom Jesus Christ , remy , it kill I to see you here . what the hell happen ? remy . they set a trap and I get catch . kellom it be suppose to be I . remy I can handle it . kellom I have arrange for lamar parmental to defend : you . he 's the best . and the. : boy have agree that the pad will pay he fee . remy ( touch ) thanks . 73 the deputy signal ; remy climb into the van . . kellom grab he by the sleeve . kellom we take care of we own ... remember that . CUT to : int . courtroom - night 73 Anne : sit at the counsel table , work on a yellow pad . remy 's lawyer , lamar parmentel , a diminutive Old World Southern character , stand at the counsel table talk casually with a group of public defender . a deputy sheriff lead in a dozen prisoner - muggers , ' dope dealer , drunk driver , prostitute , and remy , still natty , try to keep up a good front . he spot Anne ; stop , shocked . on anne still lock down at she note pad . she know remy 's there , will not look . up . but then can not help herself , look . they eye connect for a long beat , each try to read the other . bailiff all rise ! judge joshua V. raskov bustle . in . judge raskov ( refer to he file ) . this be the custody ? okay , what . have we get ? ( call the first name ) thibodeaux ? two black man stand . public defender we have get . two thibodeaux 's , you honor , unrelated case . judge raskov all right , sit down . we will get back to you both . ( spot : remy ) '' you ! you : look familiar " remy stand . until he find remy 's . 56 . the judge shuffles through he file judge raskov well , I be certainly sorry to see you before I as a custody . Lieutenant . ( read from the file ) extortion , bribery . you have private counsel ? lamar parmental I be he counsel . you honor . we waive rights and plead not . guilty . we petition the '' court for the earliest possible court . date for preliminary . remy 's eye drift toward Anne , catch she look at hin . she look away . judge raskov the twenty -second be the earliest date I 'vd get . lamar parmentel you honor , we be confident that the prosecution do not have a case , but every day I client be suspend from the force do great damage to he reputation as well . as to the ongoing investigation he be conduct . judge raskov all right , we will get . you in tomorrow , before judge noland , if . that 's okay with the State . Anne look . up , startle . anne uh , we be ready , you honor . judge raskov do we need a o.r. report ? 74 : anne the State oppose release the accuse in this own , recognizance , and submit that give due weight to the seriousness of the = charge commit by a public official , we ask bail in the amount of fifty thousand dollar . remy look up , shocked . Anne glare at he . lamar parmentel you ~ honor , defendant have be a police officer for fifteen year and have very strong tie to the community . he have a large family all live in New Orleans . judge raskov what do we usually get for extortion ? '' clerk so . ( look up ) Fifteen , you honor . judge raskov bail be set at five hundred dollar . remy give Anne another one of he grin . judge raskov all right , . thibodeaux , Andrew . . one of the black thibodeaux 's stand as remy be lead out. of the courtroom . int . criminal district court build - lobby - night 74 remy , still tieless and unshaven , walk through the marble lobby with lamar parmentel . remy what the hell . be that business ask fifty thousand bail ? she know I 'll. show for trial . 75 . lamar parmentel it 's a warning - they be say they be go to pull out all the stop on this one . look , . let I try and make a deal . remy what deal ? lamar parmentel plead you guilty to a unlawful acceptance of a gratuity . remy be that . a misdemeanor ? lamar parmentel a felony . you would get maybe three month jail time . remy look lamar , try and understand - I can not do any time at all . remy and lamar go through the revolve door and out into ... ext . criminal . district court build - front step - night 75 «.- before remy continue . remy one felony conviction and I be off the force . I 'ma cop , . lamar . it 's what I do . it 's what I know . it 's - what TI be . . lamar parmental remy , remy , they have get a video tape . you ever see a jury watch a video tape ? — it 's like watch Mike wallace on " 60 Minutes " . 76-78 omitted ext . toulouse STREET - hardware store - day a wholesale hardware outlet on a busy commercial street . a outlandishly dress moustachoy man enter . 76-78 81 82 int . hardware store - same 80 the moustachioe man walk up to the counter . the middle age proprietor come out from the back . man I call about a alnico magnet . the proprietor give he a curious look , then reach under the counter . proprietor ( lay the magnet on the : counter ) come to forty - three seventy with tax . the moustachioe man drop the money on the counter and leave . ext . lee circle - niget : 81 : the man stand on the empty sidewalk in front of the first Louisiana National . Bank . he look up and down the street , heft the magnet in both hand , then suddenly spin . around and hurl it through the heavy plate glass window of the bank . a burglar alarm begin to ring at ocne . the man walk quickly away into the night . int . remy' apartment - night 82 remy 's . record collection be a disarray , the dirty Dozen brass . Bank be blast from the speaker . Bobby be in the kitchen , fix himself a " mulfaleta " , the New Orleans version of a dagwood sandwich . he lift the kitchen knife to cut it . in half , then have second thought , turn back to the open refrigerator . voice | ( off ) hey ! Bobby whirl , startle . bobby's Pov - the mustachioed man lean in the doorway . Bobby crouch , brandish the kitchen knife . the mustachioe man flash a bad boy grin peel off he disquise - it 's remy ! remy ( still in black voice ) do not you recognize you own heathee ? bobby Jesus , remy , mardi gras be not until February ! what be you doin in that get -up ? remy step into the kitchen , grab some paper towel , start . wiping off he make -up . remy a little undercover work . | bobby ' I think you . be suspend . remy : ( suddenly serious ) who tell you that ? : ' bobby . mama . she say you be frame . . , remy grab a bottle bourbon , pour out two shot , hand one to Bobby , downs he in one grip . . remy look , Bobby , it 's hard as hell for I to explain ... " bobby you do not have to explain anything to I . Bobby downs he shot , choke . remy i. want to be honest with : you . this particular case be a setup , but I have be on the take in . small . way . since practically the day I join the force . ' Bobby put he arm around remy 's shoulder . bobby I know . that , remy . : remy yeah ! who the hell tell you ? ' bobby you think I be stupid ? . nobody have to tell I . ( continue ) " 61 . bobby ( continue ) i. know you give mama the money for my tuition , and it sure as hell do not come out of you salary . I be only glad I can finally thank you . remy ( shake head ) I never want you to know . bobby shit , I remember once - I '' must have be six . or seven - I be look in daddy 's pocket for a candy bar and find seventy - eight : ten dollar bill . remy you know about daddy , too ? bobby of course . and all the relative ; . it be just understand . remy I do not : understand it . bobby what ? remy I do not have any idea daddy be take money until i. join the force myself ... bobby you be kid ? remy I swear to God . I do not believe it at first . I slugge the first guy that tell I . bobby seriously ? : 85 86 _ remy . I be nineteen year old and about as innocent . as you : average altar boy . but hell , ' you be all about it . I should have ask you . bobby it 's not too late . you want to ask I about anything else ? ' sex ? drug ? Bobby pull out a joint , light up , offer it to remy . remy Police - you be under arrest , you have the right to remain silent ... fhe two brother crack up , fail into a embrace . CuT to : int . police department property room - night 84 this . big room be cramme : with metal rack : fill with . - box and file , pistol and knove , half - empty bottle , , paint sample , blood-stain clothing , the evidence of a unimaginable number of crime . a pair of hand come down the aisle , carry the large magnet remy throw through the bank window . camera pan up to the face of dewey pierstall ( sc. 61 ) , he 's squinting at the evidence tag along the shelf , finally find what he 's look for at the end of the rack , place the magnet alongside it . closer . on the magnet : 85 it have be place on a shelf right beside . a box of evidence market . '' Internal affair Department '' . CUT to : int . criminal district court build - courtroom - day 86 remy be stand at the defense table , talk with he lawyer , lamar parmentel . his entire family be milling around the spectator area , wait for the start of the preliminary hearing . remy seem relaxed , confident . his brother Bobby try he best . to act that way . remy 's uncle and cousins be all in uniform - seven policeman and one fireman - and . they wife and child be dress in . they best Church clothes . ( continue ) 63 . ( continue ) remy 's mama , a formidable platinum blonde cajun lady in she mid-fifty march up to remy , instinctively brushes back he hair . mama do not you wanna introduce you mama to you lawyer , chere ? ' lamar parmentel ah , the renowned queen of the mcswain . clan . how delightful to . finally meet you in the flesh . remy mama , this be lamar parmentel . mama . I know all about you , lamar -- and i. know that you be go to 's do a fine job defend . my remy .. remy mama ... mama of course , I do not have to tell you about kis. outstanding record , he citation , but do he ever . tell you about the ... remy mama , he know . all that stuff . maybe you should sit down . dust then , the door burst open . Anne march into the courtroom , angry as . hell , pass remy , stare straight ahead . remy . hi. mama who 's. that ? remy that 's the prosecute Attorney , mama . Anne go up to the court clerk . parmentel approach curiously . 86 87 anne be the judge in chamber ? I have to see he right away . | int . judge noland chamber - day Anne barge in , lamar parmentel trail along behind she . judge noland , a gray-haire , sixty - year - old man with a very mild manner be judge noland miss osborne ? be there something the matter ? anne you honor , we have just discover that we key exhibit , a video tape support the information in the case , have be erase . , judge noland erase ? how ? anne a powerful magnet be find in the police property room next to the evidence in this ease . a magnet , you honor , will , if it 's sufficiently powerful , instantly erase or damage any video tape . judge noland do you , have any indication how the : magnet come to be next to . you tape ? anne the : magnet have be throw through the window of a bank , and . therefore be be hold in evidence . judge noland A. very unfortunate happenstance , miss osborne . anne we. do not think it be a accident . give the circumstance , you honor , the State request a postponement . * on he sofa . 87 88 lamar parmentel look , Al - you honor - if the state could somehow link this bizarre accident to my client which of course they will not , it would still be a separate matter with no relation to this case . judge noland I be sorry , miss osborne , but I be afraid I do not see the purpose for a delay . do you feel you . can make a adequate show without the video tape ? anne yes , you honor , if I have to . judge noland very well , let 's go to work . int . courtroom - later 88 Anne , stand at she place behind the prosecutor 's table , examine the first Internal affair cop . the judge listen . attentively . anne what next occur ? internal affayr cop # 1 I see Mr. George Joel hand the defendant the white envelope . I see it very clearly . remy be sit at the right hand side of the defense table , hence , he 's sit right next to Anne , with only the narrow aisle between the table separate they . remy can not take he eye off she . anne what do the defendant do ? internal affayr cop # 1 he accept the envelope . int . the courtroom - later 89 lamar parmentel cross-examine . 66 . lamar parmentel you testify that you be twenty foot from the defendant behind some crate on a balcony , look down at he action , be that . correct ? internal affayr cop # 1 yes , Sir . lamar parmentel and at this distance , you be unable to hear the conversation . between this George Joel and the defendant , be not that the case ? . internal affayr cop # 1 yes , Sir . lamar parmentel you testify that there be eight fifty dollar bill in the envelope . . internal affayr cop # 1 that 's correct . lamar parmentel but. you can not produce that money in court . internal affayr cop # 1 Sir , the : defendant drop the money in the center . of the crowded bar . it 's pretty clear that the people in the bar take the money but we could not just search . everybody who. be : there . lamar parmentel move the answer be stricken . judge . noland sustain . ( to the witness ) the court be not interested in what . be " pretty clear " to you . the fact be that you cannot . produce the money in court . 67 . internal affayr cop # 1 no , you honor . _ lamar parmentel no further question . 90 int . the courtroom - later - 90 remy sit impassively as Anne examine George Joel , - the sweat tavern owner . he 's sweat here , too . anne . do the defendant promise that he would cause the uniform officer to cease they harrassment of you ? GEORGE joel if i. pay he , he would . anne and what would have happen if you do not make this payment to the defendant ? GEORGE joel if I do not pay , the police close I down . 91 int . the courtroom - later 91 's remy 's lawyer cross-examine . lamar . parmentel * have you ever be arrest ? anne prosecution will stipulate * that the witness . be currently under indictment and remind the : court that clergyman and banker be seldom witness at criminal trial . lamar parmentel be not it true that you would say anything the prosecution want you to say in order to avoid be send . back to prison ? GEORGE joel yes . > 92 93 94 68. anne objection . GEORGE . joel I mean , no ! I get mix up ! anne move this all will stricken . judge noland sustain . Strike question and answer ... both answer . int . the courtroom -- later the judge bang he gavel . judge noland Court be adjourned until ten o'clock tomorrow morning . Anne , tight - lipped and serious , get : up immediately and pack she briefcase . from the other counsel table remy watch she snap the briefcase shut and leave . she : do not look at he or at anyone else . remy watch she go . cur to : ext . tandino warehouse --niget a corrugate metal warehouse near the river . FIRE alarm be ringing . smoke pillow through window and garage door ; the glow of a fire inside . we hear siren approach . a few passer - by be gather . suddenly , a explosion inside blow . out the front door , knock several . pedestrian off they foot . cur to : int . remy' apartment --bedroom --night the ringing phone wake remy out of a sound sleep . remy , ( to phone ) it 's . three in the goddam monr . cur to : 92 93 94 ext . bombed -out warehouse --night 95 fpiretruck , police car and tv news crew be park in front of the bomb out building ; a crowd have gather behind the police line . detective mccabe be talk to remy from a phone booth . mccabe it 's mccabe , remy , sorry to bother you but somebody just blow up carmone tandino 's warehouse - - with he in it . remy ( off ) Jesus Christ ! ( '' as C mccabe yeah ! there 's another body here - no i.d. , nobody know he ; maybe you . can make he . remy ( off ) I will be right down . mccabe you better not come here , remy , the deputy supe be here talk to the tv guy . meet. we at the morgue in a hour . 96 int . remy' apartment - night remy be get dress as he talk with mccabe . remy it 's a free country . I will meet you at the scene in fifteen minute . he hang : up and immediately start to dial another number . int . anne's apartment ~ night although it " 's after three in the morning Anne - dress in a terry cloth bathrobe - be wide awake and work at she dining room table , which be stack with papers and document : 98 anne's Pov - table strewn with document among the document be remy 's file , and in the middle of it be a. photo of remy as a angelic altar boy . Anne be draw a pair of horn and a devil 's tail onto remy 's picture . the phone ring . she grab it on the first ring . . anne Anne osborne . remy ( off ) carmine tandino be just kill at he warehouse on the third Street wharf . I think you would want to know . he hang up . 100 70 . CUT to : ext . bombed - out warehouse - night 39 remy 's on foot , keep in the shadow on the dark street . Reporters and tv camera be gather around Captain kellom . remy slip behind the police barricade . a uniformed cop start he away , then recognize he . uniformed cop hey , Lieutenant . - remy silence he with a finger to he lip , slip inside . int . warehouse - same the warehouse be fill with mardi gras float , each carry gigantic papier mache ' figure of greek god , celebrity , naked woman , etc . as remy thread he way through this phantasmagorical tableau toward the still - smoking scene of the explosion , mccabe appear at he side , punck he in the arm . . mccabe hey , remy I tell you . not to come .. remy . I be not here . where be the stiff ? mccabe this way . it look to . I like this - the killer set a fire to destroy the body , the fire hit . a gas : tank on one of the float , the gas tank explode - and the explosion blow out the fire .. remy pat mccabe on the head . remy how do you identify tandino ? mccabe smile with relish , open she hand : a glass eye lie in she . paln . remy carmine tandino 's glass eye ! Way to go , kid . 71 . mccabe come down here a minute . this be the second stiff - we do not know who he be . she lead he behind a char float , where a partially burn body lie . face up on the floor . mccabe it look like this guy be hide back here when they kill tandino . remy shit , I know who it be . it 's tandino 's older brother . mccabe I do not know he have a brother . remy not many people do . poor. guy be retarded . family keep he at . home , and he do some work . sweeping up the warehouse . Jesus Christ , they kill a poor retarded guy . cuT to : 101 int . / ext . warehouse entrance - night 101 Anne enter at .a fast pace into the darken warehouse . Captain kellom be puffing to keep up with she . kellom this be where : they keep some of the float for mardi gras . look at . this . one over here . ai not it beautiful ? but Anne be not interested . she 's barrel she way | toward the light - up scene of the crime . 102 anne's Pov - the crime scene the usual photographer and . Forensic technician . be do they work . someone be crouch over the body , block it from we view . as he rise and turn , - we see that it 's remy . he grin . 103 72 . anne ( to kellom , outrage ) what be this man do here ? kellom ( to mccabe ) what : be this man do here ? before mccabe can answer , remy come up to they . remy more to the point , what . be you do here ? kellom . yes , what be you do here ? anne I get a anonymous phone call . she brushes past remy to look at the body . SHOCK CUT - carmine tandino' body 103 all. char and blacken . there be a gape hole in the chest . : mccabe ( with glee ) they rip the heart . right . out of he chest . Anne start to get dizzy . remy catch she , try . to put he arm around she . she angrily shove he away . pull herself together . anne . ( to mccabe ) why would they do a thing like that ? mccabe '' voodoo . remy daddy mention . anne daddy mention ? the black heroin . kingpin ? remy ( nod ) and voodoo priest . 104 . mccabe Black magic . gris-gris . that 's daddy mention 's thing . remy " the heart of you enemy make you . strong '' . anne so you be say that daddy mention kill carmine tandino . ( remy nod ) support you theory that tandino kill daddy mention 's man inthe project the other night ? . . remy so what we get a nice little _gang war go here . kellom ( notice Anne 's skeptical look ) do not it satisfy you , ms.. osborne ? . ° not particularly . {to remy ) I " ll. see you in court tomorrow , Mr. mcswain . * she turn on she heel and stalk off . remy throw a arm . over kellom 's shoulder . mccabe punch remy in the arn . cuT to : int . courtroom = day 104 the spectator , almost all remy 's family , watch as Anne crossnexamine remy on the witness stand . mama , prominent in the front row , be sit on the edge of she seat , she face register ever emotional shift as the drama unfold . anne you have testify that you go to . the tavern to see a informer . remy yes mar 'am . 74 . anne if it be true that you . be engage in you duty asa policeman , why do you run away from the Internal affair Officer ? remy he do not . identify himself asa cop . TI think he be a. mugger . anne be you armed ? remy yes . anne . and you run away from a mugger ? remy I be try to call for assistance , which be proper police procedure . mama nod with approval , nudge aunt emmeline beside she . anne . they why do you chew up and swallow the envelope ? remy that 's ridiculous , I do no such thing .. anny then where be the envelope ? '' remy what. envelope ? anne the envelope that George Joel give to . you . the envelope that contain eight fifty - dollar bill -- lamar parmentel . ( interrupt ) objection , you honor ! counsel be . draw conclusion -- 75 . judge noland sustain . ' anne ( continue ) eothe eight . fifty - dollar bill that you throw into the air ! the envelope that you eat ! mama clutches she heart , stung by the vehemence of Anne 's anger . lamar parmentel objection ! judge noland sustain ! . * Anne suddenly shut up . a murmur go through the courtroom . anne , no further question , you honor . judge : noland thank you , Mr. mcswain . you may step down . remy step down and return to he seat , never take he eye . off Anne . she will not look at he . but finally , she do . mama , see . this . lamar parmentel you honor , the defense at this time move for dismissal . the spectator become silent ; they know this be the key moment . anne May I be hear on the motion , you honor ? judge noland miss osborne . anne * you honor , the State have show that the defendant be present at . the place and time the crime be commit and have present ; testimony by police officer link the defendant to the exime , in addition to eyewitness testimony . . 76 . lamar parmentel by a convict felon . : anne so the credibility of the witness be . not at . issue in a preliminary hearing -- that be for a jury to decide . lamar parmentel May I be hear , you honor ? judge noland Mr. parmentel . lamar parmentel . the State have fail to establish * any crime at all . all that 's be prove be that the defendant be present in the toulouse bar & Grill which be open for business at . the time . . judge noland it be the ruling of this court that there be no prima facie case : against the defendant . the charge be therefore dismiss . the defendant be order release and bail be vacate . lamar parmentel thank you , you honor . judge noland court. be adjourned . the. family engulf remy , uncle , cousin , pump he hand , pound he back . mama plant a big kiss on lamar parmentel 's cheek . remy watch Anne alone at the counsel table , pack she briefcase , disgust . she squeeze through the crowd throw a sidelong glance at remy as she go . he 's stare right at she . she turne quickly away , hurry out . remy be whisper to uncle sal . they be both watch the depart figure of Anne . uncle sal be nodd . cur to : 106 77 . ext . levee by the river - late after - day . : 105 Anne be run . in well - wear sweat - clothes , on top of the high levee that separate the river from the eity . running purge she demon . as she run , all the anger and humiliation of the courtroom begin to disappear from she face . she glance over she shoulder , notice a police car , pace she from behind on the road below . she keep run in long , lope stride . then look back again . anne's Pov - the police car 106 suddenly its flash blue light go cn , and the car veer off the road and accelerate up the grassy incline to the top of the levee . Anne stop , frighten . the police car pull up beside she .. uncle sal step out . . uncle sal miss . osborne , would you . please come with I ? ~ anne what ? where ? uncle sal I be sorry , mar 'am , I be not at liberty to say . he take she gently by the elbow , start to lead she toward the car . anne . what 's this suppose to be , * a joke ? uncle . sal * no. mar 'am . . anne be . I under arrest ? *. uncle sal shrug . anne what 's the charge ? * '' 78 . uncle sal ( look around ) well , you jaywalke on the way over here .. you have be trespasp since you go through that hole in the fence ... she yank she elbow from he grasp . uncle . sal ( continue ) and. that could be construe as resisting arrest . Ann glower at he . anne . have not I see you before ?.. be you name , by any chance , mcswain ? uncle sal smile , nod , guide she into the car . anne ( burn ) - I should : have know . CUT to : 107 ext . mama' yard - night 107 on a " cajun squeeze - BOX " ( french accordion ) play , camera pulling back to reveal a impromtu family band on the porch -- squeeze box , fiddle , washboard , triangle , and remy on the guitar , sing backup harmony to uncle Lafayette 's redition of " ma negresse " . people be . dance on a big piece of linoleum spread out on the grass . remy 's brother , Bobby , be dance with mccabe , who look like a girl for the first time . kellom be preside over the barbeque , wear a chef 's toque , and a t-shirt . emblazon with a flame bottle of tabasco sauce . several dog : watch he expectantly . the song end . everybody cheer . dodge hand kellom a beer , and kellom step up onto the porch to make a speech . kellom Boy , this cajun know how to throw a party , do not they ? : ( cheer ) , an oc we 79 . ° kellom ( continue ) lemme get serious for a minute . that of we on the force know that injustice be often a part . of a policeman!s_lot_in . life : long hour , short . pay , mortal danger and never a thanks . from the public which we serve . yet there be moment like this one , _ where justice triumph , and that make it all worthwhile . so now , I invite you , lady and gentleman , to raise you cup along with I . i. give. you ... the Police Department of the City of New Orleans ! cousin nick and the Fire Department ! kellom that 's right , the Fire Department , too ! everybody join in the toast kellom give remy a big bear hug . remy ' 's embarrassed , squirm out of he grasp . the band start up again . a pair of headlight cross the bride and park on the road in front to the house -- it 's uncle sal 's police car . remy start across the lawn toward the car . Anne come burst out of the back seat and storm up to he . anne . : so now you be add kidnap and false arrest . to the list of you crime . remy why you be not under arrest . do uncle sal here give you that impression ? ( to uncle sal ) apologize to the lady , sal . uncle . sal I be sorry for the misunderstanding , miss. osborne . anne and now you be go to tell I I be free to go . remy . absolutely . you be free to go anytime you . want . 60 . anne where 's the phone ? remy . ( point ) in the house . come on , I will show you . . anne I can find it myself . she brushes past he , suddenly find herself face a swarm of dance , drink cop and cajun . she take a deep breath and start through they toward the house . familiar face from the courtroom glance at she - - some benignly curious , other hostile . voice ( off ) what 's she do here ? remy start to follow she , when he be sidetracked by he nepher , Justin , 7 , tug at he trousers . '' remy hey , . Justin . justin * the judge say you be innocent uncle remy . i. tell everyone you would never do what they say you do .. remy yeah , that 's what the judge say . * remy sweep the kid up onto he shoulder and dance he through the crowd . look for Anne . 108 - 109 omitted 108 - 109 110 int . mama' house - hallway - same Anne be on the telephone . her voice be raise , she - * frustration evident . anne how soon can you be here ! * suddenly , mama come bustling out of the kitchen carry a huge bucket of crawfish . 111 81 . mama you. say some pretty strong thing about my boy in the courtroom today . anne yes , I do . mama ' he 's a good boy . anne , he could be a hell of a lot better . mama ( a smile ) well , cher ... you get you work cut for you on that score ... ext . mama' yard . - same : ill remy , play in the band , watch Anne emerge from the house . mama follow she , and carry the bucket of crawfish to a big lawn table , where she dump it into a bright red mound . Anne watch from a few yard off as people gather around and dig in . Captain kellom and desoto be eat voraciously , they mouth and hand drip with sauce . kellom spot Anne and he and De : soto carry a serve of crawfish over to she . kellom never eat crawfish before ? here , . look , you bust off the tail like ' this ... then you pinch the shell ' till it crack , peel it open and take out the meat ... ( he : demonstrate smack he lip ) good eatin’ . Anne look on , a small smile crease she face . * kellom ( continue ) if you be cajun , you suck the head . I be irish , so I give it to desoto . desoto and kellom laugh as desoto suck the crawfish 's head . 112a on the porch : remy , play with the band , look across the crowd toward Anne . he step to the front of the porch and sing : to she ... . remy . " you. use to call I in the morning . you use to call I late at night ... now you do not call . I anymore . why , oh why ; why , tell . I why , why do not you call I anymore ? " ( to uncle Lafayette ) et toi ... , * uncle Lafayette take a solo on the squeeze box . remy put down he guitar , step off the porch . ext . backyard ~same 112a remy approach Anne . remy . * do : the lady care to dance ? anne * no .. remy . * ( take Anne 's arm ) I eut . a hell of a rug , you know . anne ( glaring at remy 's hand * coldly ) fake you hand off I . cousin nick , * ( suddenly ) come on , dance with the boy ! Anne find herself innundate with remy 's family and friend . her cheek burn as all call on she to dance with remy , literally shove the two together . finally , against she will , and only under the joyful pressure from that assemble do she agree . the music strike up once again . a cheer rise from the crowd , and remy escort Anne out to the makeshift dance floor . remy be at he most charming . Anne glare . when the band finish ... 113 114 83. satisfied ? remy still mad at I , huh ? / anne you. do not get it , do you . I hate everything you stand for ... you be a cop ... you be suppose . to uphold the law , but you make a mockery of it . you bend it ... you twist it ... and you sell it . I see you take that bribe , resist arrest , tamper with evidence and perjure yourself under oath . remy and run a red light ... do not forget that . '' anne . and . you. still think it be . funny . face it , remy , you be not . one of the good guy anymore . Anne turn and walk away . remy watch she go . his face freeze . a taxi come over the bridge and pull up in front of the house . Anne trot toward it , and quick jump in . Justin appear from behind a park . car , stare at remy , have hear it all . int .. taxi -- night . ear be pour down Anne 's face , as the taxi speed across the bridge over the industrial Canal . ext canal bridge --same this canal connect the Mississippi to Lake ponchartrain through a series of lock . the taxi roar over the metal bridge . camera pan down : two bloated body float in the lock . curt to : 113 114 116 int . police station --interrogation room # 1 -- day Guerra and duvivier be divide up the stack of greasy bill again . remy 's head pop in the door .. . duvivier remy ! good to see. you back ! . remy say , listen boy . I want you to do I a favor . guerra sure , remy . anything . remy take I off the pad . duvivier what ? . remy - take I off . the pad . duvivier and Guerra look at . each other , dumbfounded . _guerra what : do you mean take you off the pad ? remy . I do not mean anything , just tos take I off . int .. hallway - day remy hurry past the glass - in security booth of the property room . there 's a new young guy behind the desk . he. wave eagerly to . remy . remy ignore he , keep go . kellom come down the stair , catch up to remy , shove some papers into he hand . : kellom look at this ! remy look at the papers , react , startle . remy what be this ? retirement papers ? you ? you. finally do . it ? . kellom December thirty - first . you become the rank officer in the homicide Bureau . I be dens & oe er ee 115 116 117 8s . remy I do not believe you . . kellom you mother do not believe I either . : remy you ask she to marry you ? kellom New Year 's Day ... and I would be honore if you would accept to be my best . man . remy 's speechless . he wrap kellom in a hug . CUT to : int . squad room --day . . 117 close on six tall glass hand reach in , drop alka - seltzer , tomato juice , worcestershire sauce , and , finally , a raw egg into each glass . dodge and desoto be mixing hangover tonic for mccabe , Foster , and two other . mccabe , in particular , look terrible . remy enter , as the glass be grab . dodge . welcome back , remy ! everyone raise they glass to toast he . remy . all. right : all right , nobody ever die of a hangover ! remy hurry across the squad room . dewey piersall , former property clerk , be now ensconce at a corner desk , on the phone . he give remy the high sign as he pass . remy duck into he office , pick up the phone , dial . remy Anne osborne , please . detective mcswain call . ' he stick he head out into the squad room . 86 . remy ( continue ) mccabe , dodge , desoto , Foster - - my office . bring everything you have get . ( continue to phone ) all right . tell she I will call back later . 117a int . remy' office --day 117a he hang into the fight get it . up the phone as the four detective jostle tiny room , dump file on remy 's desk , to get to the single empty chair . desoto they be like a football team grabass in the locker room . remy flip through the file . remy ( continue ) mccabe , what have you get that 's new ? mccabe ( groan , hang over ) Foster have . a interesting ° angle on the freddie angelo murder . - {to Foster ) you tell he . foster second division fished two . floater out of the canal last night . they turn out to be mexican '' deep sea fisherman ... " dodge ... suffer from a acute case of lead poisoning . desoto crack up at . dodge 's feeble joke ; offer around maalox tabs . foster they work out of veracruz . Long record of smuggle . remy what 's this get to do with freddie angelo ? foster turn out mexican custom : have a wiretap on this two guy . guy who the last call they get be from ? remy freddie angelo . foster : right . and we know that freddie angelo go to veracruz three day before he be kill . desoto narcotics say freddie never deal personally with less than twenty , thirty key . remy now , . that. could explain a gang way . one kilo of heroin always seem . too small - time for eight people to get kill over . but twenty , thirty key . make . a lot more sense . so : where 's the rest of it ? nobody answer . remy ( coninue ) do anybody talk to daddy mention ? dodge ( shrug ) what 's . he gonna tell we ? where he 's get it stashed ? 88. remy ( get angry ) it 's not what he say , it 's what you hear , asshole ! you be suppose to be detective , for chrissake . daddy mention be the number one suspect . in a string of murder you be suppose to be investigation , and you do not even go talk to the guy ? mccabe well , we all know . it 's a gang war . doddy mention 's try to move in on vinnie 's action . remy it 's all very neat , but I do not buy it anymore . desoto why not ? sounded great to I . remy Anne : osborne .. dodge what the hell do she know about it ? remy I do not know what she know . but she. know something . which be more than you can say for yourselves . you have not do shit since I have be go . dodge they be do we jcb for we . desoto one creep kill another creep , that 's . one less creep we have to worry about . 118 89 . poster why not let ‘em wipe each other out ? remy because we be the Police . that 's why not . the good guy , remember ? I be go to talk to daddy mention . he stalk out . CuT to : ext . basin STREET --day '' 118 Anne be walk along the street border St. Louis no. 1 Cemetery , with lamar parmentel , she former courtroom rival . the cemetery be a city of above - ground tomb . we hear , in the distance , the sound of a approach brass bank play a very fast 's yendition of Professor longhair 's " goin ' to mardi gras . " lamar parmentel '' you really should become a defense lawyer , my dear . you meet . a much more colorful class of people . you be go to love daddy mention . he 's a doctor of root , fruit , and snoot . anne is. there anybody you ' would not represent ? lamar parmentel darlin ' , every man be entitle to the best . defense money can buy . they turn the corner to find they way block by a black high school marching band rehearse intricate synchronize step in themiddle of the street . lamar parmentel . hurry Anne across the street , to daddy mentio 's " maison des dieux " -- a old , two -story . wooden house , the bottom half of which be a " '' gris-gris " shop . a bunch of black kide play on the sidewalk , under the watchful eye of two women knitting on the porch . 119 90 . anne . . why do he want to see I lamar parmentel ( knowingly ) actually , it be my idea . I think you might . be interested in what he have to say about the rash of killing we have have of eat . int . daddy mention maison do dieux --same 119 it 's a cluttere shop , cramme to the rafter with herb , remedy , John the conqueror root , feather , statuette , potion , gris-gris , candle - - voodoo paraphernalia . a beautiful mulatto woman greet Anne and lamar parmentel as they enter . Children play underfoot , as she elad they to the back of the store , through a bead curtain , and into int . anteroom --same 120 daddy mention , a protly , serene , middle - age black man , greet they in extravagant splendor . . his long frizzy gray hair stand on end , as if 2,000 volt . of electricity be shoot through he body . Three more kide run , scream , through the room . anne . ( to daddy mention ) be they all yours ? daddy mention twenty -one child . and. fourteen grandchild . I get lose on one of the bible verse that . say " be fruitful . and multiply . '' I do not read no further . ( leok she over ) you be a very lovely lady . Mr. parmentel tell I you be do some wonderful work , root out corruption in the Police Department . anne let 's get down to business , shall we ? 9oa . lamar parmentel she 's not . a woman who stand on ceremony . : daddy mention Fine , fine . I like a lady who 's . serious about she work . mr.. parmentel tell I you have be look into the murder of they italian boy . anne . freddie angelo and carmine ftandino . that 's right . as well as jamaal Washington , Michael and darnell nobilier , all of whom allegedly work for you . daddy . mention the police be put out this story that there 's a gang war go on . do you believe that ? . anne what. do you. believe ? . daddy . mention it 's not what I velieve , it 's what I know . I know there be not no gang war go on . my people do not kill no freddie angelo or . no what 's - he - name , tandino and cut out he heart we . anne : so , who do it ? daddy mention I do not know . - but they be kill my people , too . anne why have not you tell this to the police ? lamar parmentel daddy 's . have some unfortunate experience talk with the police . a small boy , rodney , poke he head . through the bead curtain . rodney policeman to see you , daddy . with a speed hard to imagine in a man of he size , daddy mention disappear from the room into the bowel of the house . lamar parmentel step out through the bead curtain . int . maison des dieux --same 121 remy be wait impatiently in the shop . he laugh as ! he see lamar parmentel step through the curtain . remy . lamar ! do not tell I you represent this sleazebag ? lamar parmentel I only represent . sleazebags , my boy . just then , Anne step out of the anteroom . anne what be you do here ? remy I want to talk to he . anne I do not think he want to talk . to you . remy i. do not know you two . be so. close . 122 124 125 92 . four shotgun blast resound from the back of the house ; follow by scream of woman and child . drawing a snub-nose pistol from each hip , remy run down the hall . remy . ( continue ) : stay here ! lamar parmentel would not have it any other way . Anne run after remy , through a tide of panicked women and child , down a long hallway , through a brightly - light , steamy kitchen , and out into the ext . - back yard --same lush , overgrown , daddy mention lie dead in the doorway of a small voodeo shrine . nearby , a wounded , bleat goat . we hear the second line rhythm of the brass band ( off ) , leave the cemetery . then , we hear the squeal of tire from beyond the ten-foot-high wall . at the back of the yard . Anne run up behind remy . he sprint to the wall , leap , catch the top , and vault over . ext . alley behind daddy mention's--same remy come over the top of the wall , drop to the ground . the alley be T shape -- he 's in the top of the T . another angle a four-door brown Ford be speed toward . he , up the leg of the T. remy roll to avoid the oncoming car . brake squeal , the Ford swerve right along the top of the T , roar off . remy scramble to he foot , firing . ext . daddy mention back yard --same Anne hear the shot . with surprising agility , she kick off she high - heele shoe , and scale the oak tree that grow by the wall . she clamber out onto a branch that overhang the alley . 122 123 124 125 93. anne 's Pov --the alley . , 126 the brown ford. screech to a halt , as a garbage truck come lumber up the narrow alley , block its escape . the Ford go into reverse and peel backwards down the alley -- right at remy . remy . fire two quick shot at the Ford that 's about to run he down , then sprint toward the side of the alley . but the Ford turn , follow -- a incredibly skillful move , as. the Ford be speed in reverse - - and remy jump . up the wall he just come over -- drop he gun . his finger just catch the top of the wall . close on the wall remy barely manage to haul he leg out of the way as the Ford zoom by under he , seraping the wall beneath he . remy . drop to the ground . the ford . barrel backwards , now with a clear path to the mouth of the alley . anne wrench a birdhouse from a branch of the tree . remy dive . for his. gun . anne hurl the birdhouse down upon the escape Ford . the ford the birdhouse smashes the front window . the car speed . backwards toward the mouth of the alley , swerving leave and right , bang and bounce off the wall , remy run down the alley after the Ford . 127 ext . basin STREET --same 127 the wounded Ford come spin out of the alley , scatter the march bandmember in every direction . 128 omitted 128 129 ext . alley --same 129 Anne drop down from the tree . remy grab she by the shoulder , shake she . remy '' what 's : the goddamn secret ? no at , bullshit now Anne . what 's this evidence you people have of police involvement in the freddie angelo kill ? Anne be startle by he intensity but not shake by it ; she think for a second . anne I gather you be : beginning to think that the cop be involved . remy . yes . anne why ? remy that be a unmark police car - - a piece - of-shit four - door with no chrome . besides , you know anybody that can . drive like that ? the only way to learn that kind of move be year of pursuit drive ... now , what do you know ? 95 . anne . we have a eyewitness who see two man in a unmark police car-dump freddie angelo 's body in the piazza d' Italia . remy how do they know it be a unmark police car ? anne she see the blue light and the radio on the seat . remy why do you withhold that information from the police ? anne because the police be the suspect . remy 's face be a map of devastation , as this information sink in . . remy ( to himself ) there be . no gang war , be there . remy look around , come out of he daze . Band member be pick themselves up . one or two people be . down and bleed . the wailing of daddy mention 's family pour over the wall . a police car pull up on basin Street ; we hear other siren approach . anne : so what be you go to do . about it ? remy rub he eye and forehead . the more he think about this , the more painful it be . remy I do not know . the Police Department be my goddamn family . 130 96 . anne this people be killer , remy . remy look at she intensely . he replace he pistol in its holster . he 's. shake , think hard . two more police car pull up . remy watch the boy in blue jump out of they car , gun draw throw they weight around -- all murder suspect , for the first time . remy . ( almost a whisper ) what. do you want I to do ? go undercover in my own precinct house ...? anne I have get a better idea ... remy look . at she curiously . a fourth police car pull up near the mouth of the alley . a uniformed cop recongize he . : uniformed cop - hey , Lieutenant ! remy grab Anne by the hand , drag she back down the alley . CUT to : int . judge noland chamber --day 130 Anne and remy be already seat in the chamber when judge noland , the judge at remy 's trial , bustles in . judge . ah , miss osborne , I be sorry to keep you -- . ( break off ) well , Lieutenant , I do not expect to see you two together . 131 132 97 . remy . you be not half as surprised as I be , judge . judge how can I help you ? . anne we have a rather unusual request for a search warrant . cur to : ext . thrid district police station -~day 131 remy 's lebaron pull into the red zone in front of the station ; remy and Anne get out . two uniform police officer be wait on the sidewalk 's for they . a police car pull up behind remy 's lebaron and another pair of uniform policeman join remy and Anne on the sidewalk . we recognize all four officer from the party at remy 's mother 's house . remy make the introduction . remy . TI do not think . you all meet the other night . my uncle sal , my : cousin . joey , . my uncle Frank , my uncle Steve . they say hello. ( coninue ) thanks . for help out . uncle . sal sure thing , remy . int.. third district police station --lobby --day 132 remy leave uncle sal and cousin joey just inside the door . 133 remy check everybody go in or out . I do not care who they be . uncle sal you get it . : the desk sergeant be halfway out of he chair . desk sergeant hey , remy , what 's go on ? but remy be lead he other uncle into the station house . Anne walk up to the desk . anne _ be you the desk officer on duty ? desk sergeant what do I look . like -- the King of mardi gras ? anne then this be for you . she hand he a document in a blue legal '' cover . he look it over incredulously . desk sergeant what the hell ? Captain kellom enter the station . desk sergeant ( continue ) hey , Captain ! some broad 's here . with a search warrant ! curt to : int . third district police . station --roster room-dayi a crowd of unrely uniformed cop press into the main squad room . Guerra and duvivier . exchange nervouse glance . 133 99 . guerra do you believe this shit ? the angle widen to show remy address the troops . Anne stand beside he rather intimidate by the loud grumble of the officer . remy then i. want you to give I you _ ticket book and radio call leg , you mileage log , and you tc 14' . cover the date in question . ~ guerra I be on the day shift all week ! remy i. do not care -- I want this from all shift . duvivier Son of a bitch ! ; and other grumble grow louder -- but they be cut off ~ suddenly as the man notice Captain kellom walk ' through the room . kellom May I interrupt , Lieutenant ? remy of course , Captain . kellom we have be serve with a legitimate court order and even think . we may not understand it , we have - to obey it . now I want . you. man to remember that the lieutenant here be one of we own -- he 's no shoefly -- and . this investigation be for the good of the department . not only that , miss osborne here be a assistant d.a. and I expect you to respect she like you would I . you better be . aware that any officer who do not . willingly , fully and cheerfully cooperate with this investigation be go to wish he father and mother have never meet . be that clear ? ) any question ? : 134 evidently it 's quite clear . there be no question . 's kellom very well . ( whisper to remy ) I wish you would come to I with this remy . there be way to handle this thing . he stalk off ; there be a sigh of relief in he wake , but no more complaint . remy I know this be a pain in the ass , but if it make you feel any better once we get through here we be go to do the whole thing again with the detective upstairs . int . ppolice station --lobby --day dodge and desoto be about to leave the building , when remy 's uncle sal step in front of they . : sal . serry boy . TI get order to pat everbody down . they shrug , hold up thier hand . sal kneel , patting dodge 's ankle and leg . desoto . i. tell ya , sal , this lawyer be lead remy around by he nose . dodge try he dick . sal frisk the inside of dodge 's thigh . dodge ooh , sal TI love it . 134 135 101 sal push he away , turn to desoto . desoto immediately pull up he trouser leg , revealing a small pistol in a ankle holster , and a hunt ; knife strapped to he calf . : he start pull thing out of pocket and hide recess of he : clothing ; a small automatic , a tiny deringer , a sap , a switchblade knife . sal laugh , look the stuff over . sal - : | not what I be look for . get outta here . : cur to : int squad room --remy' office --day 135 remy and Anne be on opposite side of remy 's desk , each interview a officer . mccabe , poster , dewey piersall and several other detective be line up outside the door , wait they turn . they face wear expression that range from annoyance to outrage . as we move into the room , . we catch a snatch of remy 's conversation . remy that 's . car seventeen ? detective napolion that 's right . . remy what. be you sector ? .. while across the . sek , Anne talk with another cop ... anne was. the car damage ? detective shexnaydre it be : in the shop for two day . anne what. be the nature of the damage ? ... and behind they , in box , be grow pile of evidence : record sheet , ticket book , repair order and the like ... CUT to : 138 int . police garage -~-day 136 remy , Anne , cousin joey , and the garage dispatcher , wander through the cavernous space , look for the unmark police car that try to run remy down . he spot it in a dark corner , among a bunch of disus vehicle . remy there it be . dispatcher uh-uh . tose be all junker . ( scan he clipboard ) that baby have not be outta here in three month . - meanwhile , Anne have go over to inspect the car more closely . anne look ... you hit it ! remy and the dispatcher join she . she point to the trunk . : insert - the trunk '' 137 it have a bullet - hole in it . remy ( to joey ) I want . this car impound and dust for fingerprint . cuT to : ext ... police station --twilight 138 the sun have just set . . Anne and remy come down the step , laden with folder and manila envelope , cramme . with document , follow by remy 's four cop relative . a dozen other cop watch , hostilely , as remy and Anne shake hand with the relative ; drive off in the lebaron . int .. remy' lebaron --same 139 eat. or work ? 103 . anne work . remy my place or yours ? anne your . remy look at she , startle . . that way I can leave when I want to . | remy grin , step on the gas ; run a red light . 140-141 omitted . 140-14 142 int . remy' apartment--kitchen -~later 142 remy and Anne be eat " po ' boy " ( New Orleans hero sandwich ) while they work . remy frown at the file he 's look at . . remy . have you : come across any page like this ? anne as if they be xerox . yes , I mean to ask you ... remy - what 's the date on yours ? anne . October twenty - fourth . remy mine too . anne freddie angelo night . she burrow back into she papers . 143 104 . remy it mean that they have already cover up the record ; we be not go to find anything here . anne we will . go on look just in case . remy right . int . remy' apartment--kitchen --later 143 Anne 's chin be propped . up on she hand , eye be droop . her pencil fall from she finger , startling she awake . she look over at remy on remy he 's work frantically , totally absorb , shuffle papers , compare file , jotting down little note -- he seem to be on to something . suddenly he stop , let out a deep breath . he look ill . then he notice Anne watch he . : do. you have something ? 7 remy : ( startle ) huh ? why ? anne . you look strange . remy . fry oyster at one o'clock in the morning . why do not we just call it a night . she pick up the phone , start to dial . remy who. you call ? anne a cab . remy why not 's stay here ? ( at she look ) I will sleep on the couch . anne thanks , anyway ... as Anne finish dial , remy reach over and ry disconnect the call . remy you will . be come back here first thing , anyway . no hanky - panky . I promise . the bed be yours if you want . it . : anne no , thank you . I would rather go home . remy come on , Anne . be you gonna ! be piss off at - I for the rest of you life ? anne ( with a smile ) maybe . . 144 int . remy' apartment -~bedroom . door --later 144 remy knock . on the : bedroom door . remy be you decent ? anne ( 0.s. ) sort. of . remy stick he head in the door , see anne : she 's in the bedroom , wear a old policeman 's shirt of remy 's , bent of the sink , she mouth ringed white with toothpaste . 145 146 anne I borrow you toothbrush , and you shirt ... remy can I get you anything ? anne ( wiping she mouth ) no , thanks . I will be asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow . remy I , too . goodnight . anne . ( call he back ) remy . you do not answer my question before . . remy what. question ? anne : do : you. find something out tonight that you be not tell I ? remy ( a beat , then ) no. . he exit , close the door . int . remy' apartment --living room=-night int . remy' apartment~-bedroom--niget Anne be lie in bed with she eye open . CUT to : remy settles into he bed on the couch , then turn out . the light . 145 146 148 149 . 107 . int . remy' apartment --living room --night remy 's awake , too . he hear a soft metal - on - metal noise like a key in a lock ; grab he .38 off the coffee table and brace himself just inside the front door . the door open and remy hit the light switch . remy freeze . the light catch Bobby tiptoeing into the apartment . bobby Jesus , you be gonna give I a heart attack before I be twenty - one . : remy be quiet . Anne 's sleep in the bedroom . bobby and you be sleep on the couch ? remy " what 's . it to you ? bobby where be I suppose to sleep ? remy just pick up a single pillow fromithe couch and drop it onto the carpet . . remy I think you college kid like sleep on the floor int .. remy' apartment -- bedroom--morning a clap of thunder . Anne wake , startle . for a second she do not know where she be , but then remy 's shirt remind she . she get out of bed , glance out the window - -- it 's pour rain - - go to the door . int .. remy' apartment -~same . Anne stumble out of the bedroom , yawn and rub she eye . then stop , startle . 147 148 149 of anne 's Pov --the kitchen 150 a male figure , naked , except for a pair of jeans , ' bend over , look into the refrigerator . then he turn , grin -- it 's remy . Bobby brust into the room . bobby hey , remy be the coffee ready ? oh , hey , Annie ! how ya doin ? remy throw a arm around Bobby 's shoulder . remy ' as a matter of fact , we be all out of coffee , Bobby . remy steer he toward the door . remy ( continue ) why . do not you go out and get : some for we , Bobby ? bobby it 's pour out . remy grab . he trenchcoat from the back of the chair , throw it over Bobby 's shoulder . remy fake my raincoat , Bobby . bobby I do not have any money . remy here 's . some money , Bobby . take a cab to the farthest place you ean think of . have a large breakfast . take in a movie . then give I a call . 109 . remy propel he right out the door , and shut it . turn around -- no Anne . she 's not in the kitch , she 's not in the live room ... he spot a cop shirt on the floor , in the doorway to the bedroom . he smile , pick it up , step into the doorway . ) 152 remy ' S : Pov .-- the bedroom lo the bed be neatly make . Anne be get dress , slip back into she all - business mode . we have get to get back to work . remy | absolutely . | he start toward she . | 152 ext . remy' apartment build -~same high angle --through a telescopic sight we be look down at the entrance to remy 's building , from a. rooftop across the way . the rain be ~ flooding down .. Bobby come out of the building , wear remy 's : trenchcoat : hurry : up the street . we follow he through we telescopic sight , the crosshair center 's en he . back .. suddenly a blur of notion cross in front of the lens -- a truck pass on the street . the lens search around , find Bobby again . the lens shake , recoil from the crack of the rifle shot . the bullet . smashes . into Bobby like the blow from a ax -- Bobby be . spun. around and throw to the gutter . 153 int .. remy .'s bedroom -~same remy be galvanize by the sound of the rifle shot ; crouch at the window on he knee . : anne what. was. it ? * remy step back from the window ! | | | 151 152 153 154 anne what do you see ? remy : nothing . dial 911 , say shot fire , this address -- tell they I will be in the street anne wait ! . but remy be go . ext . remy' STREET --day . 154 gun in hand , remy crouch in the entrance to he building . down the block , near the mini-mart , a erowd be gather . remy sprint toward the crowd of people . siren be approach . . some of . the people notice remy . woman in crowd he 's get a gun ! remy Police ! remy burst through the crowd and see Bobby lie on he back . remy oh , cher . man . in the . crowd he 's dead . second man no , look he 's . breathe . remy feel for a pulse then rip away the raincoat -- even though unconscious , Bobby groan formthe pain ef this . Bobby 's be hit just below the shoulder blade on the right hand side ; there 's a exit would in front just below he rib . remy try . to make a compress with he handkercheif to plug up the bleed . Anne appear behind remy as the first two police. car scream onto the block . 155 anne oh , remy . : remy tt - Anne ! reach here and hold this . hold . it as tight as you can . remy guide Anne 's hand so that she take he place hold the compress . remy hurry away from Bobby 's side to flag down the police car . the lead car come to . a smoking halt : inch from he . remy ( continue ) call in a possible sniper , this location ! open you rear door ! remy and one of the patrolmen lift bobby up and into the back of the police car -- Anne go along , deeping the compress in place . she squeeze into the back of the police car , hold Bobby slump up against she . Bobby 's blood be . pump all over Anne 's dress . remy push the patrolman driver across the seat , jump in . behind the wheel , accelerate away , siren howling , as four more police car . arrive , cop jump out , scan the rooftop . int .. hospital --later . 155 remy , Anne , mama , uncle sal , and cousin joey be wait anxiously outside the emergency room deor . nobody 's talk ; there be lot of cresh cigarette butt on the floor . remy have he arm around he mother . kellom hurry in , look distraught . mama see he , run . into he . arm , cry . kellom hold she tight , stroke she hair . remy walk up . to they . kellom we will get this bastard , remy . I do not care what it take . remy ( voice tremble ) i. want to talk to you , Jack . 156 112 . mama what be it , cher ? remy nothing , mama . Police . business . he. push kellom firmly toward the door . Anne watch , perplex . mama turn to she , worried . mama what be it ? what 's go on ? anne I do not know . she put she arm around mama and they both watch as remy lead kellom out the door . ext . rear of hospital --same remy and kellom come out the back door into the grassy grounds of the hospital complex . the lawn be studd with huge , shady live oak , drip with : Spanish moss . some childre ''s . playground equipment stand , unused , to. one side . remy push kellom roughly . remy you have something to do with this do not you , Jack ? kellom ( back away ) remy , how could you say such a thing ? Bobby be practically my own . flesh and blood . just like you : be . remy that bullet be mean for I . Bobby be wear my coat -- that 's why he get it . , kellom remy , I swear to you , on everthing I hold dear -- I have nothing to do with this . shoot . 156 remy stare kellom eye remy raise . remy gape : at he -- the scope of what kellom 's do 113. at he . remy I be go over the log last night . some of they have be tampere with -- patrol log , arrest log , vehicle log -- all different department . only someone in command could have have access to so many different file . that 's either you or I . remy suspiciously . kellom you wear a wire ? he shirt , expose he bare torso . remy just you and I . family kellom look , ' remy , you do not know . how terribly I feed about Bobby . I do not know what happen . somebody must . have panicked . I pray to God the boy 's go to be all right ... but as for the other stuff , why not just leave it . alone ? remy . leave it alone ? be you crazy ? . kellom what : harm have . be do ? a bunch of bad guy have be kill . it look . like they ewre kill each other off . why not just leave it at that ? just . dawn on he . 114 . remy you be behind this whole thing from the very beginning , be not you ? you have freddie and : the mexican kill , you . rip of the dope , make . it. look like a gang war -- the storyville murder . carmine tandino , daddy mention , thirty kilo of dope . you gonna swear on my mother you have nothing to do with all of that ? kellom you want I to say I do it ? I do it . it be all my idea . and it . be a good idea . remy you . teach I a lot when I first come on the force . what be okay , what be not . deal heroin be not okay . murder be not okay . kellom any way you cut it there 's five million : dollar . worth of herion sit nice and safe somewhere . that 's plenty of pie . you would be entitle to . a fair-size slice . take you piece , remy . walk away . remy how can I walk away ? this be not weekly pad from the neighborhood businessman . this be evil , Jack . you be do an. evil. thing . kellom be : hit. hard by this . there be a long beat where he search . for something to say . kellom : maybe you be right , remy . I do not know anymore . but it 's ever now . let an. old man retire to spend he golden year with the woman he love . remy punch he in the mouth ; knock he down .j . remy . if you ever so much as touch my mother again , I will kill you . you be under arrest . remy reach to he belt , pull out handcuffs . at the same . moment , kellom roll over , face remy with a gen in he hand . at the same moment the hospital door burst open ; mama run out , shouting . mama he 's. gonna be all right ! she stop short , stunne by the sight that greet she eye . mama' Pov - remy and kellom . kellom 's on the ground , point a gun at remy , blood trickle from the side of he : mouth . . remy hover , freeze , over he , hold a pair of handcuffs . mama start run toward they . remy turn , he back to kellom , catch mama in he arm . she look up at he , plead . mama remy , what ...? ( look past remy , to : kellom ) Jack ...? mama' pov-kellom he 's on he knee , pick himself up . the gun be no longer in he hand . he look up at mama , he eye fill with shame and regret . then he run . Far across the spacious lawn . . remy and mama watch he go . mama be cry . rellom reach he station wagon ; take one last look back at everything he 's lose . . mama fcall to . kellom ) Jack ! kellom drive off . remy turn he mother back toward . the hospital . Anne be stand in the doorway , watch they . CUT to : 157 omitted '' 157 158 omitted 158 159 ° ext . anne's apartment build -daay . 159 as they enter , remy go immediately for the phone in 's the live room , dial . we follow Anne into she bedroom , where she begin to peel off she blcod-stain clothes . she 's : talk obsessively about the case , try to figure . it out . anne we : know . that kellom have alibis for every single : one of the killing . somebody else must have : pull the trigger . do not you . have any idea who it could be ? - remy . I have run out . of idea . ( to phone ) homicide ? gimme detective mccabe ... all right , then , gimme dodge . 160 int . bedroom=-same , 160 anne but we have to keep try . let 's take a different approach . where do you . think the heroin be ? remy ? Anne go into the bathroom , turn on the tap . 163 117 . int . live room --same 161 remy be stand on the balcony , watch the traffic on the river , as he talk on the phone to dodge . dodge ( 0.s. ) remy , I can not believe it . remy I could not believe it , either . but he admit it to I , right to my face . dodge ( 0.s. ) Jesus !... do he tell you who be in on it with he ? remy would not . say a word . int . bathroom --same : 162 Anne turn off the tap and , crossing back into the bedroom , overhear . the tail end of remy 's conversation . - remy ( 0.s. ) find he . arrest he . int . live room -- same 163 remy hang up . he turn , see Anne . ( continued ) 164 ii . * remy you know that 1 fix that case you have against I -- a guy in the property room owed I a favor . ' anne , and you promote he . remy you know that , too , huh ? before I get promote , I be a bagman for kellom . just nickel and dime stuff . you figure it 's the system , that it 's not gonna make any difference if you take a few hundred here and there . you figure you deserve a good life , a decent live for do a dirty job . you tell yourself you can be just as good a cop . anne I know . she start toward hin . remy but. you. can not . she reach out for he , take remy in she arm . they kiss tenderly for a moment , then pull away , hold onto each other , look out at the river . there Pov - the river 164 a small fishing boat be maneuver around a huge oil tanker . anne | how do that two mexican smuggler end up in . the industrial Canal ? remy ( shrug ) float down from Lake ponchartrain , I guess . anne ( stop he ) how do they get there ? 165 166 . remy in a boat . how else ? anne what happen to the boat ? _ remy . ( stunne ) of course ! the dope be on the boat !... come on , get dress ! CUT . to : ext . bisso' marine demolition -. STREET 165 a pair - of foot slip through a cyclone gate , and run across a desert yard , dot with the gigantic eareass of rusting machinery . a gravel road lead down to . the river , where tower industrial crane loom over a graveyard of disus blue-collar boat -- tug , tender , pushboat , shrimper , etc . the run foot turn down a offshoot of the dock . : a pair of hand , with a key , unlock a gate , under a sign read . " police department dock -- authorized personnel only . " the foot step through the gate , head toward a fishing boat , moor between . a cajun pirogue and a thirty - five foot . cabin cruiser . as they clamber down onto the boat , we see the legend on the stern : " LA mordida " veracruz at. several place along the side , bright yellow sticker be affix to the rail . they read : " sealed by order -- new orlean police department " . '' int ... " LA mordida " - cabin - day - 166 hand pull up the carpet , revealing a seemingly unbroken teak deck . they feel . around and find a soft floorboard . use a knife , they pry up the board . underneath be stack of tightly - wrap clear plastic packet of brownish - white powder , seal with waterproof tape . oy 167 a 168 169 120 . '' int . remy' lebaron - traveling - sunset 167 remy 's at the wheel , careen along a endless row of empty and fill warehouse that line the Mississippi . anne how do you know where this boat be ? remy dodge and desoto impound a boat the night . freddie angelo be kill . anne you mean they be the killer ? that two clown ? CUT to : ext . bisso' marine salvage ~ night 168 the camera move across the salvage - strewn yard , through the half - open gate , and creep slowly toward " La mordida '' '' . kellom appear in the doorway of the cabin , come up the stair with a armload of plastic packet of heroin . he look up , straight at the camera . dodge : ( 0.c.. ) hey , Captain , you be under arrest . the deafen blast of two shotgun . fire from behind the camera . kellom be knock backwards down the stair . plastic packet of heroin explode , throw cloud of white powder in the air . CUT to : ext . train track by river - night 169 the roar of a oncoming train , conceal the gunshot . remy 's lebaron shoot across the track just before the train come barrel through . CUT to : ext . salvage -strewn yard - night 170 remy and Anne come down the gravel road and step onto the dock . 172 . 173 ext . " authorized personnel only " gate - same 171 remy see the gate be open , pull he gun , motion Anne to stay there . as soon as he step through the gate , she follow . . ext .. " LA mordida '' " =. same : 172 it 's deadly quiet . remy cautiously approach " La mordida '' " , slip down onto the deck , gun poise . he hear a SOUND behind he , whirl , point he gun -- it 's Anne . he angrily wave she away , but she jump down beside he onto the boat . anne ( whisper ) do not tell anybody , but I be afraid of the dark . remy slide along the wall of the cabin , peek cautiously around the corner . remy 's. Pov - the cabin entrance 173 a thin cloud of white powder linger over the entrance . Broken and shred packet and mound of brownish - white powder cover the deck . remy steal up to the doorway , kneel , scoops up some heroin , examine it . we hear a groan from below . remy spin , the adrenalin pump through he vein , point the gun down the stair . remy' Pov - the cabin kellom lie inert at the foot of the step , cover in blood and brownish - white powder . his eye flutter open . he see : remy . he try to speak . dodge . ( 0.c . ) put down the gun . Anne turn around , she heart clenching -- dodge and desoto have they shotgun train . on she and remy . remy put down the gun but do not . otherwise move . he 's still stare at kellon . kellom I be sorry ... he die , desoto ( to remy ) now the other one .. 122 . % remy do exactly as he 's tell ; take out he second gun , drop it , rise to face they . his leave fist be clench ; he 's carefully hold onto the heroin . desoto ( continue ) : we. have a perfect situation , and * you have to screw it up . - dodge you turn on we remy . * remy maybe we can make a deal ... Anne look at he , shocked . anne reny ! remy . shut up ! - desoto : ( laugh ) that 's the old remy ! remy what do you say ? dodge ( motion with shotgun ) climb up on the dock . remy take Anne 's arm to help she jump across the foot of black water between the boat and the dock . suddenly he fling he handful of heroin into dodge and desoto 's face , shove Anne down into the water and jump for the dock ; dodge and desoto recover quickly and fire into the dock just behind remy who roll across the dock and into the water . : : desoto you get he ? , dodge I do not : know .. they be both in the water . desoto shit ! 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 123 . * in the water . 174 Anne catch hold of the canvas cover of a dinghy hang behind a big Chris - craft . the black water of the river be freezing cold and Anne be terrify . under the dock : 175 remy have swum under the float dock ; he 's hang on to a line dangle from a slip on the opposite side from the point he dove into the water . cautiously poke he head up , remy see ... : angle on police dock - remy 's Pov 176 ..- dodge and desoto , they back to he , split up to hunt for remy and Anne . dodge start down slip 11 while desoto take slip 15 . anne . : 177 raise she head above the stern of the Chris - craft , to see ... dodge : 178 less than ten foot away . anne 179 drop down into the water just as desoto 's shotgun blow a great chunk out of the boat 's transom above she head . slip 10 180 remy have climb on board a 30 ' sailing yacht ; he freeze when he hear the shotgun blast , then with numb finger try . to wrench open the cabin hatch . it 's no use . in the water 181 Anne be try to swim silently below the dock . she hear footstep . . above . her 182 dodge be on the dock , look into the black water to the right and leave . ext . police dock -. slip 10 = night 183 remy use a winch handle to break into the yacht 's cabin -- the hatch cover lock give way with a loud crack . 124 . * 184 desoto 184 three slip away , spin around at the SOUND of the crack . _ he start to walk in the direction of the noise . 185 sailing yacht - in the cabin : 185 remy scramble around in the dark cabin of the boat . his grop hand locate the radio , but there 's no power . right beside the radio remy discover a flare gun and a box of shell . 186 below the . dock : 186 Anne know . that dodge be directly above she , but she tooth be chatter , she can not help it . she clamp she tooth down on the sleeve of she coat . 187 sailing yacht : 187 remy , armed with the flare gun , throw the winch handle onto the dock . 188 desoto 188 fire at the SOUND . 189 . remy 189 pop up out of the hatch and fire he flare gun earefully at desoto . 190 desoto , 190 catch the flare in he stomach . he scream . 191 remy 191 jump . from . the motor-sailer to the slip and from there he jump on board the next boat , a 35 - foot cabin cruiser with a fly bridge . 192 desoto : 192 be on he knee , scream in agony , as the magnesium flare burn at 2000 degree in he belly , glow hellishly so that he abdomen be light from within . 193 dodge 193 sprint toward he partner , shotgun ready . — = 19 195 196 197 198 199 200 201 202 203 'o 204 125 . desoto slump backward , unconscious and die ; the grotesque flare still burn in he gut . below the dock anne. can not hear anyone above she now . she swim toward the side of the dock and start to climb up onto it . remy swing out from behind the bridge of the cabin cruiser and try to get off a shot at dodge , but ... dodge see the movement and fire at remy . the shotgun blast tear a chunk out of the lower bridge of the cabin eruiser ; it just miss remy , who climb up ... the flying bridge right at the top of the cabin cruiser . there 's a movement in the corner of this eye ; remy twist and fire . the flare ricochet off the dock and are up over the . small boat narbor , burst into a red star pattern before hit the water . slip 16 dodge fire again at the cabin cruiser , and ... remy leap down off the fly bridge . down the dock Anne have now crawle up out of the water onto a slip . she hesitates ; should she run for help , stay out of sight , what ? then she see desoto 's body and crawl toward it . dodge leap on board . the bow of the cabin cruiser and fire twice at the rear of the boat , where he .know remy must be lurking . with he pump action shotgun and plenty of shell , dodge have a big advantage over ... 194 195 196 197 198 199 200 201 202 203 204 207 206 | | 208 209 210 211 2t2 213 214 remy who try to reload the single - shot flare gun with freeze finger as the shotgun blast send splinter fly past he . as soon as it 's load remy jump up and fire . wider angle --} the flare smashes through the windscreen of the cabin cruiser , fly over dodge , carom off a metal fitting and lodge in the hold of " La mordida " . a fire start at once . dodge leap up onto the bridge , fire he shot gun . remy jump off the cabin cruiser to the slip beside it , but too reverse angle - remy' Pov dodge 's on top of the bridge , no more than 20 foot away . remy swiftly jam another shell into he flare gun , but ... : . . another angle : «» dodge have . plenty of time to bring the shotgun up to he shoulder for a clear shot at remy . anne fire the dead man' . shotgun at dodge ; the recoil knock she flat on she back and she miss . dodge . whip around , and in that instant ... remy fire he flare gun , and ... the flare smashes into dodge 's back , through the rib ; the white - hot metal instantly vaporize dodge 's lung . dodge piteh forward off the fly bridge , bounce off the railing of the lower bridge , and fall from there into the : water . he 's dead before he hit it . . a 205 206 207 208 late . 209 2.10 211 212 213 214 216 217 218 * 127 . % wide angle : 215 the fire on '' La mordida™ be spread fast ; flame leap up the mast , Anne stand on the dock , still hold the shotgun , water stream off she . remy sprint toward she , grab she hand and they run for shore . remy and anne 216 sprint up the main dock and leap toward the shore as " LA mordida " explode with a low whump , send flame debris up and out two hundred foot . CUT to : int . anne's apartment - night , 217 remy and Anne fall onto she bed ( as if they have leap from the dock to here ) - =- roll together into a embrace . anne you really have I worried back there ... when you offer to make : a deal with that animal . remy ( grin ) I tell you , chere -- we be the good guy ! he move to kiss she . suddenly the sound of two beeper go off . Anne and remy instinctively reach for theirs . ext . anniee apartment ~- bedroom window - night 218 two beeper come fly out the window . camera pan with they as they splash into the river and be carry away by the current . roll end title as camera sweep over the water , down the river , rise , pull away from the city , to the tune of rockin ' sidney sing " alligator waltz " . the end