b _ the otnen by , alejandro amendbar '' '' over a black and white illustration show a star-studded sky , a rise sun , a lake , palm tree , a fawn and two child hold hand , we hear the persuasive , dulcet tone of a woman 's voice . grace 's voice now listen carefully while I tell you a very beautiful story . it begin many thousand of year ago , though it end in only seven day . none of the thing we can see now ... the sun , the moon , the 'star , the earth , the animal and plant ... not a single one exist . only God exist , and so only he could have make they . and that 's just what he do ... the draw dissolves into other similar one while the credit title be introduce . the illustration show scene from the film , but sufficiently modify so as to suggest the essence of the story without give away the key fact of the plot . 1 . the house . facade . extj / day . Dawn break Long distance shot of a enormous , victorian style house . a dense wood spread out around it . a thin , wispy layer of fog cover the ground . only the whisper of the breeze can be hear and perhaps the distant scream of a seagull . , a subtitle read : Jersey , the Channel Islands , 1945 2 . the house . grace 's bedroom . int / day . Close up of grace , let rip a blood-curdling scream . suddenly , she become silent , she eye red and stare . she take several deep breath in order to regain she composure . as the camera pull back , we see that she be in bed . _ bead of sweat glisten on she forehead . 's grace be a very attractive woman , in she early thirty , of a somewhat delicate but , at the same time , stern appearance . she sit up and anxiously rub she head . then she check the clock on she bedside table and get out of bed . 3 n\/4 dissolve to 3 . the house . facade . ext.day . a the house can now be see more clearly in th grow light . Three figure walk slowly towards the main door 's they be bertha , a woman of about sixty , kind - face and pleasantly plump ; Mr. tutile , a old man in he seventies , lean and with a splendid white moustache , and lydia , a young girl with a melancholy expression and a faraway look all three be dress in a manner that strike we as old - fashioned , even for 1945 . bertha and tuttle be laugh . bertha ab , good old Mr. Simpson ... whatever become of he , I wonder ? tutile oh , I imagine he 's dead , like all the rest . bertha ( sighing ) ah , that be the day ... they stop in front of the door . bertha , who appear to be the best dress of the three , ring the doorbell and then look she two companion up and down , as if she be inspect they . she comb she hand through the old man 's white hair . bertha mg. tuttle , when be you go to learn to comb you hair properly ? tutile nod as he raise a hand to he head . tuttle oh , my hair , ay , o’course , my hair . the door half open and grace appear . bertha ( smile ) good morning , mar ’am . we have come about ... grace yes , of course , come in . ( she open wide the door ) . 1 do not expect you so soon . bertha , tuttle and lydia exchange puzzle look ... -, 4 grace ( Rather forcefully ) well , come in , then . 4 . the house . entrance hall . intjday . — they enter the house . the hall have a rather dismal air about it , boast very litle furniture and in general seem dull and grey . however , its spaciousness and architecture be impressive . grace ( close the door and look at bertha ) you be ...? - bertha bertha Gray , mar ’am . and this be Edmund tuttle . tutile ( politely shaking grace 's hand ) please to meet you , mar ’am . grace you must be the gardener . : tutile 7 ) ay , that 's right , the gerdener ... though I can turn my hand to most thing , if need be . grace well , I be sure you will find plenty to keep you busy around here . bertha and this young lady 's call lydia | grace look the young girl up and down , make she shrink away in embarrassment . grace hmm , I be hope for someone a little more experience . bertha oh , do not let that baby face fool you , mar ’am . she 's older than she look . grace have you have much experience of be in service ? lydia nod . on cs can you iron ? she nod again . grace what 's the matter ? have the cat get you tongue ? the girl look at bertha , as if seek she help . bertha she can not talk , mar ’am . the poor giri 's a mute . grace mute !? bertha but she 's a good little worker , mar ’am , I promise you . grace well , all right . the girl I have before talk too much anyway . follow I . they cross the hall . to they right be a wide , uncarpete staircase ; the have be wear down by year of use . grace ( to bertha and the girl ) you two can sleep in the attic , at the top of the stair . ( to tuttle : ) you can use the shed round the back . as you can see , there 's dust everywhere ; but it 's five day now since anyone clean up . bertha what happen to the servant , madam ? . grace last Monday they all disappear . they do not give I any motice ... they do not even collect they wage or take they belonging with they . they reach a side door . grace take outa huge bunch of key . bertha why on earth do they do that ? grace there be day when this house be not the best place to live , as you will soon discover . that 's why I put the advertisement in the newspaper ask for honest , _ hardwork people , as I be sure you understand , wooden step o o bertha oh , yes , mar ’am . there 's none more honest and hardwork than we , be there , Mr. tuttle ? tuttle ( absentmindedly ) oh , ay , we be very honest ... grace open the door and enter ... 5 . the house . kitchen . intjday . '' the kitchen . it be spacious and rather more welcoming than the rest . tuttle ... and very ... hardwork . grace give the old man a suspicious look , as she lock the door behind she . grace the kitchen . I have breakfast at eight and the child '' at nine . lunch be at one and dinner at half past seven . bertha what about the master ? silence . for a second , grace seem throw by the question , but she quickly pull herself together . grace the master be kill in the war a year and a half ago . which of you do the cooking ? bertha I be so sorry , madam . grace which of you do the cooking ? bertha we both cook , madam . grace ( to lydia ) let 's see , you can take charge of clean the bedroom every day , and at least three other room : the dining room , the kitchen , and the bathroom ... do you understend ? lydia nod vehemently . grace the room be all very large , but contain very litle furniture , so they will not give you a lot of trouble . and you can prepare lunch , too . se bertha what about I , mar ’am ? 6 . the house . hall - passage . int / day . grace leave the kitchen and walk down a narrow passage towards a door . the servant follow she . grace you can help she whenever she need a hand . how old be you ? sos bertha and mr . tutile exchange a rather know look bertha sixty-six . grace ( search among the key . for the right one to open the door ) '' I assume you have look after child before . bertha actually , they be my speciality , mar ’am . I adore litte kiddie . grace open the door and they go through ... 7 . the house . music room . int / day . .uinto the music room . it be completely empty , except for a grand piano stand in the corner . grace you may not think that once you have meet the twin . they be not like other child . have you notice what I be do ? ( she lock the door ) . in this house you must not open any door without first lock the previous one . it 's vital that you remember this . bertha , fom tomorrow onwards I be leave the key in you charge . bertha yes , mar 'am . o . grace this be the music room . that old piano be already here when we move in . do not let the child thump away on it , it set my migraine off . silence be something we value highly in this house . that 's why we do not have a telephone , a radio or anything else that make a lot of noise , let 's continue ... bertha ma’am , there 's no need for you to show we round the whole house , we already ... grace on the contrary . because , half the time , you never know where you be in this house . you be quite likely to bump into a table , a sideboard , a door , or one of my child play hide - and - seek . bertha '' what do you mean ? silence . grace perhaps I have better introduce you to the child . 8 . the house . hall . int / day . the group return to the hall . grace approach a sideboard on which there be a oil lamp . grace Mr. tuttle , you can go to the garden now . you will find tool in the shed . tuttle yes , mar ’am . the old man leave , as grace pick up a box of match from beside the oil lamp . grace ( lighting the lamp ) you nwo can start close all the curtain . bertha yes , mar ’am . bertha gesture to lydia to close the curtain of a enormous window to the right , while she take care of the oneion the leave . o the hall be plunge into darkness : the only light be the dim glow of the oil lamp . grace move to the foot of the staircase . the stair disappear into thé darkness . grace follow I upstairs . Rather apprehensively , bertha and lydia begin to follow grace up the stair . 9 . the house . 2 ° '' floor landing . int./ day . they reach the top floor . grace turn to the right and walk down a narrow passage until she reach a door . the light be so faint that it be difficult to make out the furnishings . - grace place the oil lamp on a small table . grace I be go to wake they . wait here . ( before enter the room , she turn to the servant and whisper : ) whatever you do , do not open the curtain . bertha shake she head . grace disappear into the darkness . bertha and lydia 's eye meet in the flicker light of the oil lamp . the young girl seem a little scared . over the shot of they face , we hear grace waking she child . grace ( of ) have you have a good sleep , my little angel ? ( kiss ) come on , time to get up . I want you to say hello to someone . anne's voice be they here already ? grace ( of ) yes . anne's voice what be they like ? grace ( of like the rest . no better , no worse . 10 anne's voice be they go to leave we , toa ? grace '' ' S no one 's go to leave we . now , come on , hand together . anne & nicholas bless be , at light of day , Jesus , to whom now I pray . bless be the virgin pure whom I greet with faith so sure . bless be St. Joseph , too , faithful husband , good and true . Jesus , Mary , spotless rase , keep we till the day doth close . grace appear in the doorway with she two child , one either side . anne and . nicholas be about seven or eight year old . they face be extremely pale , almost as white as the nightgown they be wear . nicholas rub he eye , as if the light of the lamp dazzle he . grace they be still half - asleep . . bertha lean forward , rest she hand on she knee . bertha what sweet little child ! grace well ? what do you say ? nicholas ' lo. anne ' lo. grace no , '' low '' be the noise cow make . now speak properly . nicholas good morning . anne good morning . bertha good mome , child . my name 's bertha and this be lydia . and what be you call ? : 7 the child do not answer . \_ grace do not take all day . anne anne. nicholas Nicholas . -- bertha Anne and Nicholas . what pretty name ! anne be you go to be we nanny ? bertha look at grace , as though wait for she approval . grace nod . bertha yes , my dear . I be you new nanny . ii grace it 's time for they breakfast . lydia , ( hand she the bunch of key ) , go to the kitchen and close the shutter . lydia obey and disappear into the darkness . grace take the oil lamp and walk ahead with the child , follow by bertha . grace the doctor be never able to find a solution . the child be '- photosensitive , or in other word , they be allergic to light . they must never be expose to light stronger than this . otherwise in a matter of minute , they would break out in sore and blister and would begin to suffocate . it would eventually be fatal . bertha good heavens ! grace as I say before , live in this house be not easy for es . someone who 's not use to it . the slight strange sound , a creak , 2 door , a gust of wind , seem completely different in the dark . be you easily scared ? do you believe in ghost and all that nonsense ? lo 12 bertha no , mar ’am ... not so far . grace good , good ... 10 . the house . kitchen . int / day . a candle light the table in the centre of the kitchen . anne and nicholas , sit opposite each other , be both half - heartedly eat a slice of toast . bertha stand with she back to they , in front of the cooker . - bertha . you milk 's almost ready , child . you mother tell I you be not to leave a crumb . anne T do not like it . bertha ( turn towards the girl ) what do not you like ? anne this toast . bertha why not ? * . anne tt taste funny . I like it better before . bertha that 's because , before , somebody else make it . anne when be they come back ? bertha they will not be come back , Anne . nicholas just like daddy . the child exchange look . bertha wring she hand . the boy 's remark have make 's she feel uncomfortable . o & . anne but daddy be come back , though . nanny , do you know we father be fight in the war in France ? nicholas it 's the World War . anne T know , but he 's in France . bertha ( turn back to the cooker ) that 's enough talk ... finish you food . silence . - anne ( in a deliberately enigmatic tone ) T know why she leave . bertha who ? anne the other nanny . and all the other servant . nicholas stop . chew he toast . . nicholas ( coldly ) shut up . anne they could not stand mummy . especially after what happen the other day . . bertha turn round . bertha what happen ? anne she go mad . nicholas nothing happen . anne yes it do . nucl no it do not ! anne yes , it do ! grace quiet ! we do not know exactly when , but grace have enter the kitchen . she walk towards the table , glaring at the child . grace ( with restrain anger ) what 's go on ? I want to see that plate empty in less than a minute . and do not think for one moment that anything be go to change in this house . there will be no talk at breakfast . ever . be that clear ? the child nod as they chew they food . grace | ( with a suddenly gentle , almost seductive tone ) Anne , what be you say when I come in ? anne ( with the same smoothness ) nothing , mummy . grace observe she daughter in silence . she seem about to scold she , but at the last minute she check herself ... grace I want you dress and ready in the study room by half past ten . bertha , come outside 2 moment , I want 2 word with you . bertha yes , mar ’am . 11 . the house . hall . int / day . grace draw the curtain of a large window and turn to face bertha . grace the postman come every Wednesday , but I have just check and this week he do not . bertha um afraid I do not follow . ( L grace take a letter from the pocket of she dress . grace . I leave this letter in the post - box five day ago . it contain the add I intend to put in the newspaper ask for servant to live in . so how come you be here if this letter be never deliver ? bertha oh , now I understand . well , you see , mar 'am , that 's exactly what I be about to explain to you when you answer the door and invite we in . we do not come in answer to the advertisement . - grace who send you then ? - bertha . no one , madam . we just come by on the off chance . a big house like this need to be look after . by someone who know the rope . grace you mean you have serve in a house like this one before ? bertha it may come as a surprise , mar ’am , but we do , in fact , use to work here . a few year ago ... and if you do not mind I ssay so , they be the best year of my life . that 's why we come by , because this house mean a lot to we ... 2 lot . perhaps I would better show you we credential and then you can decide for yourself ... grace no . do not bother , it 's not necessary . so , you say you know the house well ? bertha like the back of my hand ... ( smiling ) ... well , always assume the wall have not upped and move since then . for the first time , grace give a almost imperceptible hint of a smile . grace the only thing that move here be the light . from one side to the other ... everything change . ( she sigh and approach the window ) it 's ... cather inconvenient , to say the least , one might almost say unbearable . and the only way of endure it be by keep a cool head . C ) bertha yes , mar ’am . grace I do not like ... fantasy ... strange idea . do you know what I mean ? bertha I think so , madam . you tell I before that ... grace my child sometimes have strange idea , but you must not pay any attention to they . Children will be child . bertha ( somewhat confuse ) of course , mar ’am . silence . grace allright , you can stay . i’ll write to the newspaper anyway just to clear this matter up . grace turn and walk off . . bertha thank you very much , mar ’am . grace nod she head slightly and disappear into the shadow . 12 . the house . kitchen . int / day . bertha.enter the kitchen once more and begin to clear the cable . the child be drink from they mug . anne ( take she mug from she mouth ) it do happen . she carry on drink . fade out . 13 . the house . facade . ext / day . fade in . o Long distance shot of the house . Mr. tutile be rake dead lecve . 14 . the house . grace bedroom . intvjday . Close up of grace scream , as we see in sequence 2 . she show sign of have cry . she sit up as we hear someone knock at the door . bertha ( of ) be you feel all right , mar ’am ? . ~ grace ( feign calmness ) yes . '' 15 . the house . kitchen . int / day . as she eat breakfast , grace gaze into space , she expression distort , as if torment by some think . bertha you have have that nightmare again , have not you , mar ’am ? grace nod . grace pass I the sugar , please . bertha ( place a sugar bowl on the table ) why do not you tell I about it ? sometimes it help ... : grace no !... what I mean be ... tell a dream be almost as absurd as dream it . I will get over it ( she look at she watch ) . it 's time to wake the child . bertha yes , mar ’am . 16 . the house . study room . int / day . grace and she owo child be sit round '' small table . a candle in the centre shed enough light for they to read by . 18 nicholas ( read ) '' ona certain occasion , two child call justus and pastor , refuse to worship ... '' : C ) grace just a minute . where 's the stress on pastor ? anne put she hand up . anne ( whisper ) I , I , I ... - grace no , let he answer , where 's the stress ? nicholas on the '' 2 '' . grace on the '' a '' . so it 's pronounce ... nicholas ( after a moment 's hesitation ) any pastor . grace pastor . not pastor . start again . nicholas '' on a certain occasion , two child , call justus and pastor , refuse to worship the false god of the Roman . they say : ' we be Christians and we only worship the true God 's . the Roman governor tie to change they mind afterwards ... '' grace '' to make they change they mind . '' full stop . '' afterwards ... '' nicholas '' afterwards , he order they to be beat . but justus and pastor ... '' grace pastor . 's : . nicholas — | '' justus and pastor ... far from be afraid , rejoice and show themselves ready to die for Christ . when he see | this , the Roman governor become very angry and order they head to be cut off . '' | ed anne let slip a giggle . grace glare at she . her laughter be infectious and it be not long before nicholas follow suit . grace what do you find so amusing ? well , Anne , where 's the joke ? anne weill ... . | grace well , what ? anne that child be really stupid . grace why ? , anne ay , because they say they only believe in Jesus and then get kill for it . grace ah , and what would you have do ? deny Christ ? anne well , yes . Inside , I would have believe in he . but I would not have tell the Roman that . , grace be that what you think , too , Nicholas ? nicholas , rather more reserve than he sister , hang he head , but eventually nod . grace I see . so you would have both lie , to the point of deny Christ . and that way you would have avoid the Roman cut off you head ... but what would have happen afterwards ? anne when ? 20 & grace in the next life , the one that 's wait for we after we die . where would you have go ? anne oh , oh. grace oh , oh ... where , Nicholas ? nicholas to the child 's limbo . grace and what be the child 's limbo ? nicholas one of the four hell . grace ( to anne ) what be ...? anne ( recite ) there 's the hell where the damned go , then there 's purgatory , and limbo , or the bosom of abraham , where the just go , and the limbo where child go . grace at the centre of the Earth . where it 's very , very hot . that 's where child go who tell lie . but remember , they do not just go there for a few day , oh no . they be damned forever , till the end of eternity . think about it . try to imagine the end of eternity . come on , close you eye and imagine it . the child close they eye , screwing up they eyelid very tightly . anne I be get dizzy . grace that 's what etemity 's like ... for ever ... pain forever . now do you understand why justus end pastor tell the sruth ? the child nod seriously . ve right , open you reader at lesson 6 . anne can not we go and play ? grace you most certainly cannot . first you be go to read the lesson and learn it by heart . anne all of it ?! grace Anne , any more protest and there will be no play for you at all today . you can study in separate room ... : anne & nicholas no , no , no ! grace yes , yes , yes ...! anne but we get scared if we be separate . grace you get scared ...! as if you be not use to this house by now . nicholas what if we see a ghost ? grace have you sister be tell you one of she storey ? anne thave not tell he anything . grace well , if you see a ghost , say hello and carry on study . Anne , come with I to the music room . anne why I ? grace because I say so ! come on , take you book . nichole , I want that leam by heart in less than a hour . wv ww grace end anne start to leave the room . nicholas seem very unecsy . nicholas ( plead ) y mummy ... '' grace ( turn round ) what ? silence . my nicholas give I a kiss . anne ( imitate he ) '' give I a kiss , give I a kiss ... '' grace Anne , you have be ask for a clip round the ear all morning . wait for I outside . the girl leave . i grace approach she son and give he a kiss on the cheek grace darling , I can not be with you all the time . you must leam to be on you own . let 's see , where 's you rosary ? the boy pull a rosary from he pocket . grace whenever you feel afraid , squeeze it with all you might and say the Lord 's prayer , and then you fear will go away . . nicholas tt will not ... grace yes , yes it will . honestly . do not you see that when you do that , the Lord be with you ? there 's no reason to be afraid . ay nicholas nod . grace leave the room . silence . nicholas finger the rosary , es if it would bring he luck then he open he reader at lesson 6 . the title of the text be : the house and the family 7 on the right hand page there be a illustration show , in bold outline , a man dress in a suit and tle , read the newspaper in a armchair . in the background , a woman in a apron be tie the cord on a curtain . seat on the floor , a child be play with a electric train . in another armchair a old woman sit knitting . next to she , a girl be play with a doll . nicholas ( read ) '' we all live in a house with we family . the main room in the house be : the Kitchen , the dining room , the bedroom , and the bathroom ... '' 17 . the house . hall . int / day . grace enter the hall , lock the door behind she . the curtain be open : outside it be gloomy and overcast . bertha be dusting with a feather duster . grace tite bertha , tell lydia not to go into the music room . my daughter be study . bertha yes , mar 'am . she can not anyway ... I have get the key . how do you get on with the child ? grace flop into a chair and close she eye . . grace the same as usual . in the moming they be particularly naughty . bertha they be unsettle . it 's natural . grace they have to pay more attention during they lesson , otherwise I will never have they . ready for they first Communion . 18 . the house . study . int / day . nicholas be read slowly , while finger he rosary . 24 nicholas '' Nice house have big window and be spotlessly clean . the family be usually make up of parent , child , CO brother and sister and grandparent . we must be ... '' dissolve to 19 . the house . music room . intjday . anne be read on the floor , rest she chin in she hand . anne obedient and kind towards the other member of we fal and we must never argue or fight with we brother and sister . - dissolve to 20 . the house . study . intjday . . nicholas , eye close , be try to memorise the lesson . nicholas ff '' Nice house have big window and be spotlessly clean , can Nice house have big window and be spotlessly clean .. dissolve to 21 . the house . music room . int -day . like she brother , anne , too , be try to memorise the lesson . anne '' we must be obedient and kind towards other member of we family . we must be obedient and kind towards other member of we family .. obedient and kind ... '' 22 . the house . hall . int./ day . bertha be you teach they they catechism , mar 'am ? grace Weil , since Father lebrun no longer seem to have time ... do not have much choice . ( she get up cnc move towards one of the window . ) he 's have not beea back for . over a month . bertha I be sure something unexpected must have croposd up . po a ok grace in which case , he should have get in touch with I . I realise this house be not the easiest place to get to , but he oe know full well that the child can not go out . bertha do not they ever play outside ? grace not during the day . that 's why we buy such 2 big house and get rid of most of the firniture ... so they could play and run around freely in its big room without fall over thing , and so they do not feel as if they be imprison ' within this four-walls ... though I be affeid that 's inevitable , poor little dear . bertha you can tell you really love they , mar ’am . grace what else can 2 mother do ? do you never have child ? 23 . the house . garden . ext / day . be subjective shot of grace in which we see the gardener , work in the garden . bertha . ( of ) no , mar 'am . Mr. tuttle and the girl , lydia , be all I have get . and I be all they have get . grace | ( of be she bear like that ? 24 . the house . hall . int / day . bertha beg you pardon ? grace the girl , be she be bear a mute ? bertha a ( after a moment 's hesitation ) ae . no ... it 's go to rain-again . I would better bring the letter back in from the post - box or they will get soak . L grace I do not believe it ! the postman 's another one who have not show up for over a month . I be beginning to feel totally cut off from the world . bertha I be sure it must be on account of the fog . ' grace _ it 's never last this long before . even the seagull have go quiet . bertha ma’am , if you like , the next time I go into to town , I can ask after they . - grace yes , I suppose you better have . I would go myself , bur I still can not bring myself to leave the house , even just for a couple of hour . I do not know what I have do if anything happen to the child while I be out . bertha do not say such thing , mar ’am . I will just go and get that letter . bertha leave the house . grace watch she from the window . 25 . the house . garden . ext./ day . subjective shot of grace . bertha walk quickly towards the post - box . grace ( of ) what awful clothes that woman wear ...! 26 . the house . hall , int.day . grace frown , as if she be concentrate on something . a child 's cry can be hear in the distance , distort by the reverberation of the house . when the sobbing be clearly recognisable , grace walk quickly towards a side door . grace Nicholas . she exit . 21 . the house . downstair room . intjday . grace enter and shoot across the room like lighting . we can still hear the child 's cry . grace reach the door of the study and look for the right key . grace Nicholas , I be come ! 28 . the house . study . int / day . grace enter the room . nicholas be sit in front of he book ; apparently quite calm . grace ( confuse ) Nicholas ...? nicholas what 's the matter ? grace why be you cry ? nicholas T be not cry . grace but I just hear ... the moan echo in the distance . grace it 's Anne ! 29 . the house . downstair room . intjday . grace run desperately towards the music room . 30 . the house . hall . int / day . grace fly across the hall . ' 31 . the house . music room . int / day . grace burst into the room . anne be lie on the floor , beside a oil lamp . 23 , grace 7 : | Anne ! anne oq I still have not learn it yet , mummy . ~ grace move towards she . grace | be you all right ? | anne ( surprised ) . yes. - ' grace : why be you cry ? : |! anne : I be not cry . . . . grace pull up the piano stool and sit beside she . grace ( gently ) 7 ) Anne , I hear you a moment ago . there 's no reed to feel ashamed . anne ido not . ifi have be cry , I would tell you . . grace oh , right . so , I imagine the sob , do 1 ? anne | . no. ( pause ) . it be . that boy . ! silence . ; grace what boy ? anne Victor . . : grace = . who 's Victor ? ll anne ( as if it be cbvious ) the boy who be here a moment ago . I tell he to let I study , but he would not stop cry . I tell he : '' when my mother come and see [ have not learn my lesson , I will be in trouble '' . but he do not care . I think he 's a spoil brat . he say we have to leave the house . grace give a wry smile . grace oh , really ? you do not say . and why be he cry ? anne because he do not like this house but he have to live here . you see , he father 's 2 pianist and ... grace ab , so he 's 2 pianist , be he ? anne yes . he say that this house be just what he 's look for and that they be go to move in and live here . I have already tell he that he 's not allow to touch the piano , ... be be not , be he , muramy ? grace so , you have speak to he father as well ? ~ anne no , only with Victor . his father be with the other in the hall . grace I have just come from the hall and there be no one there . anne they must have go upstairs : they be view the house . where be they go to sleep , mummy ? [ hope you do not give they we room . grace ( rise from the piano stool ) that will do , Anne . I have have quite enough of you storey . why be you cry ? anne mummy , it be Victor . grace take c deep breath , in a attempt ( 0 contain she anger . 30 so where be he now ? anne dd he go out through there . grace do you mind tell I how that boy could get in and out of this room if it be lock ...? | . : grace notice that the door at the back be ajar . grace ( move towards the door ) ; ' who open this door ? Anne , tell I , who open this | door ? '' anne | ( almost in tear ) - | it be Victor ! | 7_—_—_ — ee 32 . the house . hall . int / day . grace walk up and down the room . bertha and lydia stand in the centre , look rather distress . , & grace I think I make it quite clear ! rule number one : no door be to be open before the previous one have be close . be that so herd to understand ? this house be like a ship . the light have to be contain as if it be water , by open and close the door . the health of my child be at stake ! | bertha | but , mar ’am , [ ... grace but madam nothing ! I will have no excuse ! who be the last person to enter that room ? lydia ? the girl look down and shake she head . bertha she have not get a key , I already tell you . : grace well , that leave you , then . bertha T be in the hall the whole time . then I go into the garden . madam , you see I with you own eye . co ) grace a T hope you be not suggest it be I ! do you think I be 's capable of such a oversight , of endangering the life of my ' own daughter ? t bertha look the other way , lose for a answer . grace take a key from the key ring and place it in bertha 's hand . | . grace right , as from today ; 1 be hold you entirely responsible for the music room ... and ' for anything that happen to the child as well . . i | ! bertha ma'am , L ... grace that 's all . you may leave . 33 . the house . dine room . int / nigeht . o anne and nicholas be sit opposite one another , have dinner . S nicholas do you really see a boy ? anne yes , he 's call Victor . nicholas be he a ghost ? anne do not be silly . ghost be not like that . nicholas what be they like ? anne ( wearily ) I have tell you a thousand time . thev go about in white sheet and carry chain . nicholas .. how do you know ? : , i ! + anne because I have see they . they come out at night . nicholas fibber ! where ? anne open wide she eve and point to the back of the room , over nicholas 's shoulder . he turn round with a start . behind he there be only darkness . anne giggle . nicholas you be stupid . anne not half as much as you . nicholas well , [ do not believe you see that boy . anne that 's you lookout . you will soon be begging we to play with you . 34 . the house . facade . ext / night . Long distance shot of the house , in the moonlight . the branch of the tree sway in the gentle breeze . dissolve to 35 . the house . hall . int / night . Long distance shot of the hall : the pale moonlight shine through the window , outline the staircase . . all be in silence . dissolve to 36 . the house . child 's bedroom . int / night . Close up of nicholas , sleep . a hand rest on he shoulder and shake he . we pull back and see that it belong to anne . ° anne ( in a low voice ) Nicholas . a nicholas wake up , testily . test nicholas what ? : cy 4 anne look. nicholas sit up in bed . in the background , a enormous window can be make out . moonlight pour into the room . * nicholas ( alarmed ) why have you open the curtain ? anne it be not I . nicholas who be it then ? anne ( accusingly ) a tt be Victor . nicholas look silently at he sister . then he react . nicholas you be a liar and I be go to tell mummy . anne so I be a liar , be 1 ? nicholas yes , and you be go to end up in limbo . anne look into the darkness at the back of the room , berween the wall and a cupboard . anne Victor , come out of that comer so my stupid brother can see you . nicholas jerk round , wrapping himself in he sheet , with he back to he sister . nicholas ( in a thin voice ) leave I alone . CO anne nae so now you do not want to see he , eh ? you be a cowardy custard , ... cowardy , cowardy custard ... nicholas sit there in silence , still wrap tightly in he sheet . behind he we see the silhouette of he sister , dark and unfocus . ! I will have to do it myself , then . anne 's outline leave the bedside dnd move towards the window . as we focus on nicholas 's face , we hear the curtain be close . the room be leave ! '' in semi-darkness . anne return to the bed . almost immediately we hear the noise of the curtain be throw open again . anne tut in annoyance . og anne that 's enough , Victor ... Nicholas ... Nicholas . tell he to leave the curtain alone . he will not listen to I . victor' voice ( in a angry whisper ) stop it ! get off my bed , both of you ! nicholas give a start and hunch up even more . his breathe quicken . anne ( coldly ) this be we bed . victor 's voice no , it 's mine . nicholas Anne , please , stop put on that voice . ' anne you be quiet , cowardy custard . listen , Victor , if you do not stop , I be . go to call my motner and she will kick you out . you do not know my mother ! o C boy 's voice ( threaten ) and you do not know my parent . silence . nicholas feel someone tug sharply on he sheet , uncover he . victor 's voice who 's this ? 2 . anne mte it 's my brother . leave he alone , he 's a scaredy pants . nicholas be quivering like a jelly '' with he eye clench shut , he feel around for he sheet and cover himself again . nicholas | ( almost in tear ) : Anne , I be go to tell mummy about you . ' anne do not be stupid ! can not you see it 's not I ...? Victor , touch he cheek so he know you real . silence . all we hear be nicholas 's frantic breathe . a child 's hand approach he face and stroke he cheek ... nicholas scream , jump out of bed and run to the door . nicholas help ! mummy ! help !... ' he pummel the door . a hand shoot out from behind he and cover he mouth . 37 . the house . passage . int. / night . grace open she bedroom door and run along the passage . nicholas 's stifle scream can be hear in the distance . 38 . the house . child 's bedroom . int / night . nicholas struggle to free himself from the hand , which cover he mouth . behind he a voice whisper menacingly . victor' voice be quiet ! be quiet ! '' grace rush into the room , follow by bertha . nicholas cling on to he mother , in flood of tear . grace comfort he , stroking he hair . then she glare at anne . the girl , seat on the bed , be a picture of innocence . grace what 's be go on here ? nicholas ( between sob ) she be frightening I and ... I tell she to shut up ye and ... and ... - grace ( approach the girl ) I be feed up , do you bear I ?... feed up of you storey ! '' you be a wick little girl ! anne ( insolently ) I do not do anything . grace strike she . the girl fall off the bed . grace a nasty , wick little girl ! grace pick the girl up from the floor and continue beat she mercilessly . anne 's scream mix with that of nicholas who run to he mother and pull at she waist . . nicholas noooo ! grace continue hit the girl , who by now be bleed at the mouth . bertha , observe the scene from the doorway , uneasily . nicholas you promise , mummy , you promise ! you promise ! bertha ma’am , please , stop it ! grace stop , as if suddenly conscious of what she 's do . anne crouch , tremble , in @ corner . her pale skin be cover in red patch , as a result of the - beat . o . anne be stand on the upper landing of the staircase , hold a Bible . a area of 39 . the house . sewing room . intjday . grace sit embroider the dress for she daughter 's first communion .- Bright daylight illuminate the room . anne ( of ) '' and the Lord God say : behold , the man be become as one of we , to know good and evil : and now , lesi he put : forth he hand , and take also of the tree of life , arid eat , and live for ever : therefore the Lord God send he forth from the goce of eden , to till the ground from whence he be | take .. 0 . the house . hall -upper landing . int / day . bruise can still be see on she forehead . the dim light she be read by come from a nearby oil lamp . anne '' so he drive out the man : and he place at the east of the garden of eden cherubim , and a flame sword which ture every way , to keep the way of the tee of life . '' ( pause ) finish ...! mummy ! grace enter the hall , close the door behind she . anne I have finish . grace ( climb the stair to join she ) . very good . now you can ask the virgin for forgiveness . anne what !? that 's not what we agree . grace ( take the Bible ) - we do not agree anything , young lady . today you be be punish and you will do as I say . anne you can not make I ask the virgin for forgiveness . grace how dare you !? ut . 38 uu '' sy anne mummy , beat I , if you want , but I will not ask forgiveness for something I do not do . grace you tell you brother that there be someone else in the room ! anne there be ! ; " grace - +. you be lie ! - anne I do not tell lie ! . grace but you love make up storey ! do not you realise you be pervert you brother 's mind with all this nonsense about ghost and fairy ... anne before , I be make it all up . now it 's tue . grace adopt a attitude of patience . she crouch down so that she can look she daughter in the eye . . grace Anne , remember the story of justus and pastor . Children who do not tell the truth end up in limbo . anne that 's what you say . but I read the other day that limbo be only for child who have not be baptise . and T have . pause . grace stand up . grace oh , so clever clog have learn to read on she own , have she ? very weil ... ( she hand she the Bible again ) ... since you find it so enjoyable and informative , you can continue to stand here for three hour a day read the Bible until you be prepare to ask the virgin for forgiveness . anne I will lose my voice ! grace go downstairs towards the door . 39 a grace icould not care less . begin . anne what do I do when I have finish ? grace ( sarcastically ) do not worry , it will be a long , long time before that happen . anne yes , but when I do , what then ? grace glare dagger at she daughter as she open the door . grace you can start again . she slam the door behind she . anne stand for a while in silence . then she open the Bible and start read . anne ( in a exaggeratedly loud voice ) '' cain and abel . and Adam know Eve , he wife ; and she conceive , and bare cain , and say : ( even louder ) ' I have get a man from the Lord 's . and she again dare he brother abel . ( a certain tearfulness begin to mingle with she shouting ) . and abel be a keeper of sheep , but cain be a tiller of the ground . '' 41 . the house . facade . ext / day . Long distance shot of the house , against a stormy sky . mute by the wind , we hear the biblical verse that anne be shouting out . dissolve to 42 . the house . kitchen . int / day . sunlight flood the kitchen . bertha be fold a white tablecloth on the irone board . anne ( of ) '' and Isaac spake unto abraham he father , and say : ' my father 's . and he say : ' here J be , my son 's . and he say : ~ , '' behold the fire and the wood , but where be the lamb for a CO bumt offer ? 's abraham say : ' my son , God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offer 's . so they go both of they together ... '' | bertha pick up a pile of tablecloth and serviette and leave the kitchen . | 43 . the house . hall -upper landing . intjday . bertha enter the hall , close the door behind she . the light come from a gas lamp , situate on the upper landing , next to anne , who be sit on ‘one of the stair , read . ! ' | ' ' anne | '' and they come to the place which God have tell he off ' and abraham build a altar there , and laid the wood in order , and bound he son Isaac . . when the girl see bertha , she interrupt she read and watch the old woman walk to the opposite door and leave . 44 . the house . sewing room . intuday . as in the kitchen , the light here be very bright . grace ts sit in a corner , embroider . . bertha enter and walk towards a sideboard . bertha Excuse I , mar ’am , I have finish irone the table linen . grace oh , good . it go in the second drawer . bertha open the drawer and carefully put the tablecloth and serviette in place . : grace ( without look up from she sewing ) how 's Nicholas ? ' bertha Fine ...he 's have a nap , mar ’am . grace what about she ? do you notice if she be still stand up ? = 's bertha ( after a moment 's hesitation ) yes , mar ’am , she be . ( she move to the centre of the room and wring she hand in she apron as if she be afraid of what she 's about to say ) . how much longer be this punishment go to last ? it 's almost a month now . grace that 's none of you business , bertha ... nor mine . it 's up to she . she 's get to learn to swallow she pride and ask for forgiveness . bertha yes , mar ’am . grace Anne , it 's go rather quiet up there ! ( to bertha : ) by the way , I have have to put up with the noise of lydia run around over my head all mome . she 's be hurtle backwards and forward as if there be three of she up there . kindly tell she that , to do a bit of clean , it 's not necessary to kick up such a rumpus . I do not want to have another migraine attack . bertha but ... anne . ( of ) mummy ! ~ grace what do you want ? anne ( op ) can you come here a minute ? 45 . the house . hall -upper landing . intj / day . grace enter the hall , close the door behind she as usual . she look expectantly at she daughter . anne ( with a certain shyness ) iwant to ask the virgin 's forgiveness . ~ grace smile and walk towards the girl . in W grace at last ! anne yes . grace and do you admit you make up that story of the litle boy and he pianist father ? anne yes . grace ' be it so hard to admit it , my love ? ( she kneel beside she and stroke she hair ) .. be it worth go through all this , eh , make we both feel bad day after day ? they embrace . grace kiss she daughter . grace ( stand up ) right , now you can carry on read ... anne ( in a plaintive voice ) no , no ... grace yes . until you finish the chapter . the read of the Word of God should never be leave unfinish . anne but I do not like this chapter . grace what do you mean ? anne abraham ... be evil . grace no . abraham be a good man . anne so , why do he want to kill he son ? : grace one day you will understand . come on , catty on read . ( she go downstairs towards the door} . you will see how in the end he do not kill he . 43 se silence . anne mummy , you would never kill I , would you ? grace feel the question like a stab in the back she turn slowly towards she daughter and give she a look of bewilderment , of terror ... and also of anger . the girl quickly resume she read . anne . '' and abraham stretch forth he hand , and take the knife a to slay he son . and the angel of the Lord call unto he out of heaven , and say ... '' - grace leave the room , close the door slowly behind she . 46 . the house . sewing room . int / day . grace enter the room . we see thar bertha be no longer there . she cross the room diagonally , walk a little like a automaton , as if still affect by the question she daughter have just ask she . a noise above she head make she look up to the ceiling . rapid step run up and down from one side to the other . grace follow the path of the noise as if watch a fly . there be a sudden silence . something fall to the floor with @ crash . grace ( to herself now she 's go too far ... ( look at the ceiling ) lydia , dammit , get down she immedi ...! grace catch sight of something through the window which leave she awe-struck . 47 . the house . garden . ext./ day . Long distance shot of grace : bertha be stand in the cenrral pathway , talk to lydia , who be hold a basket of flower . bertha point to the second floor of the house and the girl shake she head . _ 48 . the house . hall - upper landing . int / day . grace enter the room and stop at the foot of the stcir , stare at ner daughter . q unal what 's go on up there ? anne ( with slightly sheepish look ) nothing , as far as I know , mummy . I be just read , like you tell I . grace do you hear it as well ? anne hear what ? grace climb the stair . anne resume she read . anne '' and the angel of the Lord call unto abraham out of heaven the second time , and say : ' by myself have I swom , saith the Lord , for because thou hast do this thing ... 's '' . grace reach the landing and look around she . grace ( to the girl ) ssbh ... another creak be hear in the darkness . . grace who 's there ? anne ( without look up from the Bible ) I do not know , I have not do anything . grace stand look at she daughter . it 's clear that the girl know something . grace who 's make that noise , Anne ? pause . anne tca not tell you , mummy . grace ( contain she anger ) tell I . pp ww anne ift tell you you will hit I and punish I again . grace ( rush towards the girl ) Anne , I want the truth ! anne I do not know what I be suppose to say any more ! if I say I have see they , I get into trouble , and if I say I have not , it 's just as bad ! grace take she daughter by the shoulder . - grace Anne . tell I if there 's anyone upstairs and , if so , where . - anne look at she mother in silence . then she point to behind she . grace turn round : we see a door at the end of the passage . daylight filter through the crack , outline she silhouette in the darkness . anne there . they be in there . grace walk slowly to the door . although she be @ courageous woman , she be obviously very nervous . she reach the door , insert a key in the lock , turn it and slowly open ... she stand for a few second in the doorway , look cautiously within , as if she dare not enter . anne mummmy ...mummy ... grace look at the girl . anne ( hide she face behind she hand ) you be let the light in . make up you mind ... either go in or shut the door . grace swallow . she go in and close the door behind she . 49 . the house . the room of the noise . int . day . grace look around she . the room have more furniture than the rest of the house put together , as if it have be use as a storeroom . 36 there be so many nook that ' it be difficult to form a idea of how much space there really be , and much less so , to know if there be anyone lurking behind some hide corner . grace move forward and stand in the centre . her look be distant , as if she be pay more attention to what she can hear . we slowly approach she ear ... very vaguely , mingle with the noise of the leave in the garden , we detect a amalgam of confuse whisper . it be almost impossible to distinguish what they be say . we hear a sort of supernatural moan follow by a deep breath . grace step back , tie to-locate the voice , but though they seem to be right beside she , she be unable to pin they down . old woman 's voice she 's here , she 's here ... victor 's voice mummy , she say she 's here . old woman' voice she 's watch we . ( the voice turn into a plaintive moan ) she 's watch we ... she 's watch we ! mrs . marlish 's voice sshh ... grace open wide she eye , try to see in great detail what she have in front of she , but she can only see a couple of piece of furniture and a wall . she see that the door of the room be open , and what be more , that it be close slowly . the fact that there be only darkness on the other side make it impossible to tell who be pull on the doorknod . she run towards the door and into the passage . 50 . the house . hall — upper landing . int . day . grace walk quickly towards she daughter . grace where do they go ? anne they just come past here . do not you see they ? grace which way do they go ? bb ~ anne ( point in various direction ) over there , and over there ... and over there , 2s well . at the end of the passage , in the half - light , at least two door seem to shut . anne they be everywhere . they say the house be theirs . grace run quickly downstairs and stand in the middle of the hall , look frenziedly in all direction . anne and they say they be - go to take down the curtain . 51 . the house . study room . int / day . bertha , hold nicholas in she arm , watch grace . place a notebook in front , of anne , who be seat opposite a oil lamp . grace I want you to draw they , one by one , and tell I everything you know . anne stand up and walk towards a corner . anne wait . grace where be you go ? anne ( reassuringly ) wait ... bertha ma’am , please calm down . grace [ will not calm down ! during five whole year of german occupation I manage to avoid a single Nazi set foot in this house ! and now there 's someone here , here under my very nose , open and close door ! bertha ma'am , this be a old house . Old house have they quirk : the floorboard creak , the plumbing clank ... you say so or yourself ... anne return to she mother 's side with she textbook , and tug at she skirt . anne on look , mummy . grace they be voice , human voice ! a boy and two woman , they be talk together . anne . mummy , look . I do it the other day . anne show she the draw from she colour book the member of the family have ' undergone a considerable transformation thanks to Anne 's infantile scribbling . the girl have draw long lank hair and a moustache on the father . the mother now have a shock of black , curly hair on she head . the boy have hardly be alter . neither have the old lady , except that in she case , she have not draw in she pupil , which give she a somewhat inhuman look ( rather like that of a zombie ) . the girl be scribble out . beside each draw there be a arrow and a identify label . anne this be the father , this be the mother , this be Victor and this be he grandmother . — '' * grace what do this number stand for ? anne ( as if state the obvious ) that 's the number of time I have see they . the girl do not exist , that 's why I have cross she out . I see the father twice , in the hall ; the mother as well - once in the hall and once in the kitchen ; Victor five time , all in different place ... and ...her ... I see she more and more often . : next to the old woman be write the number 14 . grace my God ! bertha , go and call Mr. turtle and tell he we have to search the whole house , right away , before it get dark . bertha ey ( pucting the boy down ) , yes , madam ... bertha leave the room . anne point to the draw of the grandmother . 49 anne look , mummy , she really scare I . C ) nicholas hug he mother . nicholas ( tremble ) mumuny ... grace it 's all right , darling , nothing 's go to happen to you while mummy 's here . -* anne she 's get really funny eye , see ? it 's as if she 's not look at you , but she can see you . and she 's always around , say : coooome to wuuuuus ... grace Anne , do not lie to I ! anne honest , mummy . and she ask I thing . Victor tell I iy she 's a witch . grace what do she ask you ? anne thing . and she breath smell . 52 . the house . hall . int / day . grace , hold a hunt rifle , be look in a drawer for cartridge . the old man tuttle and lydia be 'stand behind she . grace we have to open all the curtain . I do not want any dark comer where sorneone could hide . tutile yes , mar ’am . grace begin to load the rifle . grace you both search the right side and I will take the leit . then we will search upstairs . sn the servant leave . grace snap the rifle shut . then she look at it strangely , cs if recalling some distant ... and unpleasant memory . she shake she head and leave the room . 53 . the house . room . intjday . we see various shot of curtain be open by tutile , lydia and grace . daylight flood into the different room . 54 . the house . facade . extjday . even fall . we zoom in on one of the window of the house and discover grace , as the curtain be suddenly flung open . she look behind she , hold the rifle with both hand . then she take a lamp and move towards the next door . 55 . the house . junk room . int / day . grace enter another room . in spite of the prevaile darkness , it be clear that the room be full of junk , some of it scattered over the floor . grace move cautiously forward . she place the lamp on a table and walk towards one of the curtain ... . as she draw the curtain , the light illuminate a thin - face figure dress in old - fashion clothes , who seem to observe she from a corner of the roam . grace give a involuntary shout , and point she rifle at he ... ... until she realise that she be stand in front of a pre-raphaelite style portrait . grace stand laok at the painting for a while . then she inspect the room , in the brighter light of day . however , rather than look for sign of people , she seem to pay more attention to the object that surround she . among the huge number of object she find several portrait , almost all of they daguerreotype and photograph . 56 . the house . child 's bedroom . int / day . anne be plave with a doll , on a corner of the bed . nicholas be sit on the floor , look bored . bertha ts snoozing next to a table on which there be a oil lamp . anne why do we have to stay in here ? bertha stretch . bertha because you mother be open all the curtain . she 's look for the intruder . nicholas what do '' intruder '' mean ? '' bertha '' inttuder '' be people who go into someone 's house without permission . . nicholas ' why have they come to we house ? bertha : pethap they be plan to steal something . or perhaps they be just look for shelter . anne I know why they have come . they reckon the house belong to they and that we be the intruder . bertha where do you get that idea ? anne do not answer . she carry on play with she doll . nicholas ( scared by he own word ) perhaps they be ghost who live in this house before and who ... and who ... anne do not be stupid . I already tell you that ghost go about in white sheet and go ...* ooooqoo00 ! '' . and they walk about clanking chain . bertha Anne , why do you make up such storey ? anne I do not make they up . I read it in a book . wa 2 o = bertha you should not believe everything you read in book . anne that 's what my mother say ... she say that when people die , they soul go to Heaven , or Hell or purgatory , and that all this stuff about ghost be rubbish . but then she expect we to believe everything that 's write in the Bible . bertha do not you believe it ? anne I believe some thing ... but , for example , I do not believe that God make the world in seven day ... or that noah get all that animal into one boat . or that the Holy spiritis a dove . nicholas no , I do not believe that either . anne dove be anything but holy . nicholas they crap on we window . * anne . and I do not believe that Jesus cast out demon into 2 herd of pig and make they jump into the sea and drow . poor pig ! it be not they fault ! bertha smile at the idea . then she become serious . bertha have you mention this to you mother ? the child be quick to shake they head , as if the very think of it scared they . anne do you believe in ghost , bertha ? bertha , find the question difficult , take she time in answer . bertha ( rather nervous ) of course not . to uo dissolve to 57 . the house . junk room . int / day oq grace be lose in think , she eye glue to the portrait pile up in front of she . after a few moment 's mental debate , she eventually take out of she skirt pocket the page from Anne 's colour book and place it beside the portrait , as she go through : they one by one , compare they with she daughter 's draw . from time to time she look towards the door , as if she be ajraid to be catch red - hand . she open a very dusty , black bound album . face from the previous century pass before she gaze , with a solemnity characteristic of old - fashioned pose . they all have ' something in common : the subject be all sit or lie down , with they eye close . bertha ( of . ) ma'am ... . grace stand up , quickly hide she daughter 's draw in she pocket . grace yes ...? the door open and bertha appear . 6 bertha they have searched everywhere . there 's no one downstairs . grace good . then tell they to go upstairs . I will join they ina minute . bertha ( turn to leave ) yes , mar 'am . grace bertha ? . bertha ( turn back ) yes ? grace have you any idea what this might be ? grace go up to the old woman and show she the album . bertha | ( as if state the obvious ) it 's a photograph album , madam . C ) grace ad yes , but everyone 's asleep , look . bertha they be not asleep , madam ... they be dead . grace look at the old woman , with a mixture of surprise and terror . a bertha it 's a book of the dead . 4 -- : grace : ( flipping through the page with the tip of she finger ) I have never see anything like it . bertha it be common practice during the last century . they photograph the dead in the hope that they soul would live on in the portrait . grace oo there be even group portrait ... and child ! it 's - macabre . how could that people be so superstitious ? it should not have be allow . bertha grief over the death of a love one can lead people to do the strangest thing . on the last page there be some faint tear mark in the form of a X , as if someone have hastily rip out a photo . grace gaze at the mark , absentmindedly , while she run she finger over the tear paper . grace how odd , someone have rip out the last photo . bertha ma'am , hope you do not think ... grace I be not suggest it be you , bertha . : bertha perhaps someone take the photo year ago ... grace ~ no , the mark be recent . bertha maybe ... maybe it come unstuck . grace ( not really convinced ) yes , that must be it . 58 . the house . lounge . int / night . through the window we can see the tree in the garden wave in the wind . : grace be curl up in a armchair , in front of the hearth , stare absently into the fire : the rifle lie at she foot . mo behind she , sit near the door , be bertha , read the Bible . grace ( without take she eye off the fire ) bertha , why do not you go to bed ? it 's very late . bertha ( look up from the Bible ) you look 2s if you could do with 2 good night 's rest yourself , mar ’am . for a moment , grace seem to betray the hint of a smile . grace T employ you to take care of my child , not I . bertha you must rest . you go and lie down , I will keep watch . grace you do not know how to handle a rifle . bertha ican learn . grace smile again . then she turn to the old woman . grace it 's cold . come and sit by the fire . bertha thank you , mar 'am , but do not worry , I be fine where I be . uw ov bertha sit timidly in a armchair near grace and warm she hand in front of fire . grace ( with @ glimmer of tenderness ) come on ... : bertha thank you very much , mar ’am . the grace tell I about when you work here before . bertha what do you want to -know ? grace do you have child to look after then as well ? bertha no . no , the master and he wife do not have any family . I be in charge of organise the housework . grace be there many servant ? bertha about fifteen . but in the end there be only the three of we leave . grace why ? bertha my employer move to London . they come here less and less , what with it be so out of the way and all ... and so the house be gradually leave empty . grace it 's the same old story . everyone end up leave this damned island . my family go in the summer of 1940 , just before the invasion ... and that be the last I ever hear of they ... bertha oh . grace it make no di nce , [ do not blame they . all 's fairin love and war . bertha actually , we lef , too . although ... well , ( she look around she wistfully ) sometimes you leave a place , and it 's as if on it 's there with you all the time . I always feel like I would never lc ) leave this house . grace why do you leave ? pause . '' bertha it be ... on account of the tuberculosis . grace ( surprised ) tuberculosis ? bertha , the whole area be evacuate . grace when be that ? '' bertha in ... a few year ago . pause . Burning log crackle in the hearth . grace be that when lydia be leave dumb ? from the old woman 's expression it be clear that she do not like talk about this subject . | bertha yes , I think so ... ( she smile nervously ) . this poor old memory of mine be a bit rusty this day . grace what happen to she ? bertha suddenly , one day , she just stop talk . grace but there must have be a reason ... wo 3 | bertha shake she head . bertha if there be , I never find out . . CO ) , grace but people do not just stop talk like that , for no reason . this thing be always the result of some sort of trauma ... ( to herself ) . something must have happen to ) she ... ( pause , ) be you employer good to you ? bertha oh , they be very pleasant indeed . ~ grace you do not have to lie , bertha . bertha no , no , madam , I be serious . they be always very kind to we , and ... well , we will always be grateful to they for the way they ... bertha cut herself , short , as if she have say more than she should . grace o the way they what ? bertha the way ... the way they treat we . ma ’am , if you will excuse I , I have better go to bed , or there will be no get I up in the morning . grace off you go . I will stay here a while longer . Z . '' bertha stand up and walk towards the door .. grace do you know what become of they , whether they be still alive or not ...? bertha no , to be honest , I do not . goodnight , mar ’am . grace goodnight , bertha . " the old lady leave the lounge . grace stare at the fire , deep in think . 39 o 59 . the house . child 's bedroom . int / night . nicholas approach the bed where anne be sleep . nicholas ( whisper ) amne ... Anne ... anne what do you want ? nicholas I be pee myself . anne well , you will have to wait till tomorrow . nicholas tca not . anne you know mother do not let we leave the room . nicholas but , I can not hold it in any longer . anne think fora moment . then she make a gesture of impatience and get out of bed . anne face the wall . nicholas , as if he be already accustom to this , turn round and face the wall . behind he we see anne rummage around in some part of the room . nicholas hurry up , I be burst . anne approach he and hand he two key . anne : this one be for here , and this one for the bathroom . nicholas no , I do not want to go on my own . 40 anne ( frown with impatience ) here we go ! : nicholas cj ( a little ashamed ) I be scared . what if bump into the intuder ? anne } intruder ... all right , come on . the child stealthily open the door and leave the room . 60 . the house . passage with virgin . intjnight . the child step into the passage . moonlight shine through the window . . they proceed on tiptoe . suddenly , nicholas stop dead , stare towards the end of the passage . anne what be it ? : : nicholas a ( in a almost imperceptible whisper ) there 's someone there . anne where ? nicholas ( gesture with he head ) look . at the end of the. passage there be a'statue of the virgin with a raise arm . next to ita human silhouette can be make out . anne stand for a few moment scrutinise the darkness . then she expression relax , anne it 's the shadow of the virgin , silly . nicholas no , no . anne Nicholas , it 's the shadow of the virgin . of nicholas let 's go back . anne begin to walk to the end of the passage . anne do not be stupid . nicholas do not go , do not go . anne ( walk ) cowardy custard . nicholas watch in horror as he sister stand next to the shadow . anne ( look be nicholas see ? it 's only a shad ... the shadow suddenly shoot out a black arm and grasp the girl . anne scream . nicholas step back . moonlight shine on the silhouette . it be grace . grace ( in a angry whisper ) do you mind tell I what you be do ? ( she look toward the end of the passage ) Nicholas , come here . - the boy walk slowly towards he mother . anne I be only take he to the bathroom , mummy . he say he be 's burst for a pes . grace how do you get out of the room ? anne the door be open . grace ( tucting ) that bertha 's go to feel the sharp end of my ' tongue when I see she ... and how be you think of get into the bathroom ? of anne '' we be go to ask you for the key . pause . grace look at nicholas grace you should have go before you go to bed . come on , then , be quick . nicholas ( look very distraught ) I do not think I need to now . . the bey have a enormous stain on he pyjama bottom . 61 . the house . bathroom . int. / night . grace be vigorously wash nicholas who be stand in the bath , hold up he pyjama jacket . the boy watch he mother . . nicholas mummy . grace ( still annoyed ) what ? nicholas when 's daddy come home ? the question upset grace and she pause momentarily . then she expression harden and she continue scrubbing he leg . grace when the war 's over . nicholas why do he go to war ... I mean , nobody 's do anything bad to we ? } pause . grace 's eve redden and tremble . it be obvious thar she do not like talk asout the subject . grace daddy go ... ( with slight sarcasm ) ... daddy go because he 's very brave . and he be not prepare to let the Germans tell he what he have to do . nicholas why ? grace shake she head . she seem on the point of burst into tear . 62 . the house . grace 's bedroom . int / night . grace , lie on the bed , burst into tear . * , grace ( groan ) why , why ...? she stretch out she hand and take a handkerchief from the bedside table . she blow . she nose , and try to pull herself together . , a sudden noise change she expression . she sit up and listen ... the piano be play . the gentle , mysterious melody , reminiscent of satie , can not be clearly distinguished as it echoe through the house . grace quickly put she slipper on . 63 . the house . passage — stair . int / night . grace rush out into the passage , grasp the rifle and a oil lamp . the melody can be hear more clearly . she stop at the head of the stair , as if have second thought about go down . she descend the staircase slowly . the wooden stair creak grace look around she nervously as she descend , although she attention be almost totally direct towards the music room . 64 . the house . hall - passage . int / night . grace stop in front of the music room door . she place the oil lemp on the floor in ps inj order to have better control of the rifle and slowly push on the door handle . almost instantaneously the music stop , vanish in @ sort of melange of note , as if someone have suddenly stop plave but withoue release the sustain pedal . 64 grace push the door wide open and , with the rifle raise , peer around the room : there be no one sit at the piano , although the lid be raise . grace take a deep breath and enter the room . 65 . the house . music room . int / night . grace walk slowly towards the piano ... behind she , the door slowly close ( with the inevitable squeaking of hinge , needless to say ) leave the oil lamp outside . now the only light be what filter in from the night through the window . grace stop , uneasily , as if unsure whether to go back and open the door again or to continue towards the piano ... she move towards the piano . she close the lid and lock it . she look around , without lowering the rifle : there be no one in the room . she return to the door , open it and leave . 66 . the house . hall - passage . int / night . grace bend down to pick up the oil lamp , beside the door . as she do so , the door close behind she , very , very slowly . pause . grace open the door again ... she swing it gently backwards and forward , as if check the state of the hinge . she leave it open for some time , look continuously to the back of the room . absolute silence ... the door slam in she face with unexpected violence . the movement be so brusque that grace almost fall to the floor . on the other side of the door , we hear someone turn the key firmly in the lock grace turn and run up the passage . grace bertha !! - 67 . the house . hall - stair . int / night . grace nun up the stair . ob grace bertha !! '' bertha appear on the upper landing . bertha ( very scared ) what 's the matter , madam ? grace the key to the music room ! give it to I ! bertha search quickly in the pocket of she dress gown . grace quickly ! : 's bertha take out she bunch of key . bertha what 's happen , madam ? grace grab the key and hurtle downstairs . grace come on ! , 68 . the house . hall - passage . intjnigbt . grace run towards the music room door . she put the key in the lock and turn it . 69 . the house . music room . int / night . grace and bertha burst into the room . it be empty . grace look in horror towards the piano . grace oh , my God ...! the lid of the piano have be raise again . 70 . the house . kitchen . int / dawn . . bertha pour boil water from the kettle into a white mug . she then place the mug and ovo tablet on the table where grace sit gaze into space with a tense expression on she face . ov ov bertha drink this and take this tablet , mar ’am . they will do you good . grace grasp the mug firmly , try to bring she tremble hand under control . grace ( almost to herself ) I check that room myself . it be empty . and yet I feel that someone else be there . a... presence ... move around I . and it be not human . that being ... whoever they be , be challenging we ... I and my child . -. bertha you mus mot say such thing , mar ’am . you should get some rest ... grace ( bang she fist on the table ) I do not want to rest ! I can not . and I know I be not mad . ( she-stand and walk around the table ) . my daughter 's vision , the whisper voice , thé door that open and close , the piano ... ( thoughfully : ) that 's why that poor girl go dumb . there 's something in this house that she see or hear ... or feel !! , something demonic . o bertha ( crossing herself ) ma'am ! grace ( look around she ) something which be not at rest ... you do not believe it , do you ? bertha look down . grace I do not blame you . I have my doubt as well . bertha ( pluck up courage ) I do believe it , madam . grace look at she , slightly surprised . . bertha I have always believe in that thing . they be not easy to explain ... but they happen . we have all hear storey of the beyond , now and then ... and I think that , sometimes , the world of the dead ... get mix up with the world of the live . grace but that 's impossible ! the Lord would never allow such a aberration ! the live and the dead will only mest at the end of time . it say so in the Bible . . bertha there be not always a answer for everything , mar ’am . pause . - _ grace run out of the kitchen . bertha ( worried ) what be you go to do ? 71 . the house . hall . int / day . grace go to a cupboard , near the door , and take out a overcoat . grace it 's time I go to the village and pay Father lebrun a visit . lf hewo not come here , I shall go to he . and pu bring he back . bertha but , mar ’am , you should wait for the weather to improve ... grace I have wait long enough . grace leave the house . bertha follow she . 72 . the house . garden . ext. / day . grace rush down the drive . bertha walk behind she . bertha the priest tell I he would come as soon as he could ... grace stop and turn to face the old woman . 68 I be tired of hearing what he tell you ! I want he to tell I , personally . he 's go to come today . the sanctity of this house be at stake . bertha what be you go to tell he ? pause . grace ( point to the house ) I have searched every room in there , inch by inch . now I want they to be bless . grace walk off . bertha watch she anxiously . 73 . the house . garden -tree . extj / day . tutile , with a wheelbarrow beside he , be rake together three pile of dead leave . grace approach he , through the tree . bertha ( on ma'am , please , wait , it 's still very early ! tuttle good morning , mar ’am . : grace tuttle , I want you to search the whole garden and tell I if you come across any gravestone . tutile gravestone ? bertha catch up to they . grace when my husband buy this house three year ago , we be tell there be a little cemetery among the tree . tuttle I have not see anythin : grace ( beginning to walk off ) check carefully . the grave could be overgrown . 69 tuttle yes , mar ’am . grace I want to know if there be a family bury here ... a family C ) whose father be a pianist . 14 . the house . garden gate ~ road . extjday . grace push open a huge wringht iron gate and come out onto a dirt road that disappear round both side of the property . a thin fog blur the distant countryside . 75 . the house . garden - tree . ext . day . bertha and tutile look towards the exit . suddenly , the old woman 's face , usually kind and almost naive , acquire a troubled , : sombre expression . bertha ( with complicity ) now she 's convinced they be ghost . tuttle ( lean on he rake ) do not you think it 's risky to let she go ? bertha ( coldly ) do not worry . the fog will not let she get very far . , tuttle oh , yes , the fog : the fog ... of course . tutile resume he work , rake the dead leave . suddenly he stop and lean on he rake again . tuttle ( point to the three pile ) and when ... when do you think we should tell she about ... all this ? bertha all in good time , Mr. turtle . allin good time . oh , you would better add some more leave to that pile . eee a une of in@ pluss mas pormeny codapeca , peveui , bs Wenner co ane le take a handful of dry leave from the wheelbarrow and scatter they over the tomb hide tt from view once more . 76 . road . extjday . grace walk briskly along the roadside . the fog have thicken . even though she be outdoors , not a single bird can be hear twitter . the further grace walk on , the thicker the fog become . the silence also become more and - ore envelop ; not a leaf rustle , nor be there the slight hint of a breeze ... _ there be a total stillness , which amplify the sound of she step and she rapid breathe . grace look behind she , rather uneasily : the fog be now so thick that she can hardly see anything . only a grain , grey curtain stretch before she . it be now impossible to detect even the branch of the tree . grace stop , aware that she be lose she way . total silence . she stretch she arm out into the fog . her hand disappear into the mist . grace 's breathe become more and more panicky . wherever she look , she can see only whiteness . not a single shape be visible . grace be overcome by panic . she turn to face the other way , - or so it seem , at least , - with the intention of backrrack ... but she cannot escape the blanket of fog . grace seem to be run literally through nothingness . she stop once more to get she breath back '' in spite of herself , she be unable to stifle the occasional moan of desperation . suddenly , a warm ray of sunlight reach she . in the distance , a figure be outline against the light . the figure approach slawly . grace feel so helpless and disconcert that she can only remain roote to the spot . '' 4 when the figure be barely a metre away , grace let out a groan of utter shock , and put she hand to she mouth . the man , about thirty five year of age , be dress in . military uniform . he carry a knapsack on he back . he be tall and slim , with deep set eye and c cadaverous jaw . he have several scar and bruise on he face . his expression ts sad and absent , as ifhe have live through some terrible experience . grace : ( almost breathless ) Charles ... the man look at she in silence without reacting , as if he do not recognise she . then he eye widen a little . * charle ( stutter ) Grace ... they embrace slowly . the knapsack fall to the ground . grace begin to cry . grace ( between sob ) this can not be true . it 's not possible . they tell I you would be give up for dead ... that you step on 2 mine and be swallow up by the earth . charle take some time to answer . charle ( look into space ) they ... say a lot of thing . grace ( press herself even more closely to he ) oh , thank you , God , thank you . every night I have pray for this moment , ask for the impossible , begging God to return my husband and the father of my child . ( she pull away from he slightly and look he in the eye ) . they do not know anything . I tell they the war be not over yet , and that one day you would come back . ( she embrace he again ) . and you have , you be back , you be back ... but ... where have you be all this time ? charle out there ... look for my house . grace run she hand over he forenead ana tnrougn nts nair . grace my God , you be so ... different . q charle sometimes I bleed . grace be unable to stifle a burst of hysterical laughter . they both smile , look at each other . meanwhile , a stiff breeze have sweep the fog away among the tree , make the road visible once more . dissolve to - 71 . the house . garden - facade . extjday . , " charle lean slightly on grace 's arm as they approach the house . 78 . the house . hall . intjday . grace and charle enter the house . bertha come to meet they . bertha ma’arm . oo grace bertha , this be my husband . bertha 's reaction be little short of astonishment . bertha please to meet you , sir . grace he 's very weak . prepare a hot bath , some clean clothes and something to eat . bertha right away , mar ’am . bertha leave the room . charle where be the child ? ~ grace upstair . wait , I will call they . ~ you charle stop she with a gesture of he hand and move to the foot oj ine siaircase , then he begin to climb the stair one by one , like a old man of eighty . grace observe he slow ascent , visibly move , though we do not know whether it be out of joy or sadness at see he in such a lamentable state . 79 . the house . child 's bedroom . int / day . anne and nicholas be asleep . the door open and the outline of they father appear . * charle ( whisper ) how be my little one ? anne be the first to open she eye and see he . Sne leap from the bed and run _ towards he . anne daddy ! charle sweep she up into he arm , as she cling to he neck . anne - why do you take so long ? charle look at nicholas . the boy 's breathe be very staggered , as if he be shiver with cold . he stare fixedly at he father . charle hello , titch . charle stand by the edge of the bed . the boy burst into tear . anne what acry baby ! I tell you he have come back . charle put the girl down , sit on the bed and embrace nicholas . only then do the boy react and stretch he arm out to he father . anne sit on the other bed . charle have you both benave yourselves ? anne we have be very good . : chas rle | _ oo — _ have you be good to you mother ? anne very good . every day we study for we first Communion . CO daddy , do you kill anyone ? charle ( stroking he son 's head ) no , but I have see 2 lox of dead man . anne really ? what do they look like ? pause . ' , charle ( with a distant look ) like I . 80 . the house . grace bedroom . intjday . grace be kneel beside she bed , she hand clench against she forehead . she be visibly move , almost in tear . & grace - ( whisper ) forgive I , Lord , for ignore you voice , for not feel your.presence ... you great mercy , which never fail to succour mé - and my child , give meaning to we life . thank you for hearing my prayer , for show I yet again that you be able to work miracle . I promise , Lord , that I shall never again be weak , that I shall never again allow myself to be carry away by stupid superstition . I can see everything clearly once more ... you and only you be the Way . 81 . the house . sewing room . int / day . grace hum softly , as she embroider anne 's communion dress . bertha enter the room . bertha lunch be ready , madam . grace do not look up from the dress . she be lose in she thought , smile constantly . grace uh huh . ~ we bertha with you pemmission , I think I have lay the white tablecloth and the silver cutlery . grace uh buh . bertha move towards a sideboard . bertha be not you give they a lesson today , madam ? grace no . I want they to spend time with they father . 's bertha open a draw and carefiilly take out a white tablecloth . bertha and what about ... that other matter ? grace other matter ? ( she stop sewing ) . oh ... for a instant , grace 's expression cloud over . bertha ( take cutlery from a drawer ) be you still think of go to see Father lebrun ? ~ grace resume she embroidery , and the smile return to she face . grace you know , I think just lately we have all let ourselves get rather carry away . this house would drive anyone mad , do not you think so ? it 's so big ... and so dark . but , now my husband 's back , thing be go to change . with he here , there 's nothing to fear . bertha look rather sceptical , but finally agree . bertha yes , mar ’am . grace continue hum . suddenly , a door be hear open . grace ( stand up ) here he come . = a o 82 . the house . hall . int / day . grace , follow by bertha , walk towards the staircase . upstair , we hear she husband 's slow step . grace darling , we have prepare you some lunch . be you come down or would you rather we take ...? a door close . grace turn to bertha and . give she a apologetic look . . grace he must be very tired : , bertha nod and leave the roam . - 83 . the house . dine room . int -day . grace and the child eat in silence . clatter of knife and fork on plate . grace Anne , hold you spoon properly . anne ( look bored ) when 's daddy come down ? grace daddy 's very tired . anne he say he 's see lot of dead man . grace ssshh ... silence . anne mummy , when people die in the war , where do they go ? grace what a question ! it depend . nicholas on what ? well ...on whether they fight on the side of the '' goody '' or the '' bad '' . in this war , for example . you father fight for England , on the side of the '' goody '' . vj anne and how do you know who the '' goody '' and the '' bad '' be ? grace , ' all right , that 's enough question . eat you food . you will never go to war . nicholas {disappointedly ) we will never go anywhere . 's _ for a instant , grace look at she son with tenderness . then she face harden . . grace : you be not miss anything out there . you be better off here at home with mummy and daddy , who love you . silence . anne and the intruder . : ' grace go rigid and glare at she daughter . N grace ( icily ) there be no intruder here . anne but you say that ... grace ( even more icily ) I say that there be no intruder here . and I do not want to hear enother word on the subject . anne but ... grace ( bang she fist on the table ) that 's enough ! they carry on eat , in silence . 78 can I say someth ...? grace no ! o anne why not ?! grace because you can not ! anne shuffles in she seat , breathe rapidly . , '' grace ( furiously ) stop breathe like that . ) the girl stare at she plate , unable — or not wishing — to control she breathe . grace ( between she tooth ) stop ... breathe . anne intensify she breathe even more . she seem on the point of cry . be ~ . grace right , go to you room . there 's no dessezt for you today . the girl stand and run out of the room . 84 . the house . kitchen . int. / day . anne run through the kitchen . bertha block she path and embrace she . bertha there , there , stop cry ... bertha bend down and attempt to pull the girl 's hand from she face . bertha look what a awful face you have get when you cry ! anne I do not care ! bertha take out a handkerchief and dry anne's tear . bertha I have see they , too . anne look at the old woman , surprised . anne _~ so why do not you tell my mother ...? ( bertha shake C ) she head ) . she might believe I then . bertha there be thing you mother would rather not hear . she only believe in what she be teach . but do not worry . sooner or later she will see they . and then everything will be different . anne why ? . bertha ( with a enigmatic smile ) you will see ... there be go to be some big surprise . there be go to be ... ( open wide she eye ) ... change . anne ( whisper ) change ... a 85 . the house . grace 's bedroom . int / day . grace slowly open the door and go in . charle be laid on the bed , in the foetal position , with kis eye open . he have not even take off he boot . grace look at he tenderly and sit beside he . she stroke hts hair . grace . tomorrow we will go for a walk in the wood , like we use to do . do you remember ? silence . grace do you remember , darling ? pause . charle 's breathe speed up . charle aed : no. I do not want to . I do not want to go out . grace _r . why not ? 80 charle curl up even more . charle I be afraid . ‘( he start to ery ) . I be afraid ... I be afraid ... '' cy grace 's initial surprise turn into absolute stupor . Net then she rest she head on he . grace ( as if she be comforting one of ker child ) sshh ... take it easy , my love . everything will be as it use to be . you will see . 86 . shed . int / night . 7 tutile enter the shed carry a pile of log . ' bertha and lydia be sit in front of a open hearth . in the background we can . see a bed anda small table . tool hang from the wall . tutile place a few log on the fire and stoke it with a poker . bertha now she behave as if nothing have happen . wy ) tuttle what about she daughter ? ~ bertha she 's not so mule-head . she know thing be go on in the house . the child will be easier to convince . but the mother be go to give we problem . tuttle do you think she husband suspect anything ? bertha I doubt if even know where he be . the poor man have lose he mind . silence . * tuttle oh , dear . 87 . the house . garden - facade . ext / day . Long distance shot of the house . gt tuttle slowly cross the frame , push he wheelbarrow . anne ( of ) mother of Jesus and mother mine : to you , on this bless day of my first Communion , I do consecrate my heart , my body and all my be . turn , oh Lady , ... dissolve to 88 . the house . kitchen . int / day . lydia ts cooking . she move to and for , keep a eye on the steaming saucepar . *- anne ( of ) .. you merciful eye unto my soul , which this day have become the sanctuary of Jesus . make I yours , oh most holy virgin , and help I to love you as the child Jesus love you . : dissolve to 89 . the house . grace 's bedroom . int / day . charle be lie on the bed , he eve wide open , stare into space . he be tremble . anne ( off ) and you , who be goodness itself , hold I in you heart , as you do Jesus . keep Jesus in my heart , make I to love he forever and deliver I from all danger and evil . dissolve to 90 . the house . study room . int / day . grace , hold a catechism , be seat opposite the child . anne ehm ... from all evil . silence . grace ( prompt she from the catechism ) ifi should ever ... amne - - — if L should ever offend he , let I not forget that I be yours and make I to return repentant to he sweet and divine heart . amen . S grace give a satisfied smile . she close the catechism and give the girl a resounding kiss . grace very good . anne what about my treat ? : '' grace my treat , my treat . that 's all you think about . - 91 . the house . child 's bedroom . int / day . facing they reflection in the mirror , grace place a white veil on anne 's head . grace look what a pretty daughter I have get . anne be wear she first Communion dress . grace let the transparent tulle veil fall over the girl 's face . . grace mummy have make this veil especially for you . anne I look like a bride . they laugh . grace kiss the girl and stand up . grace I just need to shorten the sleeve a bit . you can take it off now . anne nooo ... grace Anne , this dress have to be spotless for you first Communion . anne I promise I will not di longer . justa littl ry it . but let I wear it for a litle will u o pause . grace allright . I will be back shortly . grace walk to the door . grace but no sit on the floor or lean against the wall ! the girl nod she assent eagerly . grace leave the room . . 92 . the house . passage . intiday . grace go into the passage and walk off . 93 . the house . child 's bedroom . intjday . anne admire herself coquettishly in the mirror . , monsieur , would you like to dance with I ...? I would love to . the girl begin dance alone , hum to herself . 94 . the house . grace 's bedroom .. int / day . grace tiptoe in , carry a tray of food . charle be rest on the bed . grace place the tray ona table cnd sit next to he . she caress he hair . 95 . the house . child 's bedroom . int / day . anne continue dance , admire herself in the mirror . 96 . the house . grace 's bedroom . int / day . grace whisper into she husband 's ear . grace Charles ... darling ... you can not go on like this . you must eat something . charle do not reply . the prevaile half - light prevent we see whether he eye be open or close . 97 . the house . child 's bedroom . int./ day . anne have disobey she mother and be sit on the floor , make she two doll dance with each other in she hand . she be sing softly . 98 . the house . grace 's bedroom . int / day . grace , with a sigh of resignation , give a last look at she husband , lie motionless on the bed , and leave the room . 99 . the house . passage . int / day . . grace reach the door of the child 's bedroom . . grace anne. . . - there be no reply . grace Anne ...? anne 4 ( of ) yes , mummy . grace . get change now , my love . anne ( of ) . already ? grace yes , come on , now , do not make I mad . | anne ( of yes , mummy . grace sit down on a chair , and raise she hand to she fece in a clear gesture of tiredness . . anne 's hum . o Anne , have you take it off ? humming . grace Anne , have you take the dress off ? humming . grace stand and take out the bunch of key . grace that girl ...! . 100 . the house . child 's bedroom . int / day . grace enter the room . of the girl as she sit with she back to we . we can see only the doll dance in she hand . grace Anne , what do I tell you about sit on the floor ? : anne but I be on the carpet . grace it make no ' difference . you will still soil it , do you mind tell I why you never do as you be tol ...? silence . grace show a expression of absolute terror . the hand which be play with the doll be long and bony . at that moment we be aware that the girl 's silhouette could be that of a older woman , crouching in the corner . in fact , the seam of the dress seem to be about to split . nevertheless , anne 's voice be unmistakable . grace walk slowly toward the figure ... figure ( with anne 's voice ) I do not know how to take it off . grace stand opposite the figure , and for a moment seem to have deen leave breathless by the shock ... behind the tulle of the veil we can just distinguish the draw and wrinkle face of a old woman , with unsee aye , who continue sing with the girl 's voice . > 86 at the far side of the roam , by the light of a oil lamp , we can make out the white form . '' the old lady look at she — or so it seem — and stop sing . old lady ( with anne 's voice ) what 's the matter ? grace with great difficulty manage to say something . grace where be my daughter ? the old lady stare at she in silence . then she let out a giggle . '' . grace what have you do with my daughter ?! the old lady suddenly hunch up , hide she face with she arm . old lady do not hit I , do not hit I ... ( she turn she head , like a litle girl ) . why be you mad ? I have not do anything wrong . grace utter a ery of terror and fury , and rush at the old lady . she also scream . grace drag she into a corner and rip the veil from she head . old lady grace - ( beat and scratch she ) you be not my daughter ! you be not my daughter ! the Communion dress be tear in several place . grace dig she nail into the old woman 's white hair and try to tear it out . suddenly , we see the reflection of they struggle in the mirror : grace be horrify to discover that it be she daughter she be grapple with . she immediately release she grip and the girl run into @ corner . just then , bertha enter the room . the girl throw she arm around she , sobbing . bertha ma'am , I hear shout ... grace say nothing , she be unable to react , as she try to take in what have happen . o + sy anne she want to kill I ! she 's wick ! ( look at she mother and scream : ) you be wick ! wick ! bertha Anne , do not say such thing ! anne she will not stop until she kill we ! bertha ssshh ... calm down , calm down ... anne she try it once ! sh@ will not stop until she kill we ! grace raise she hand to she mouth to stifle she cry . bertha take the girl from the room . 101 . the house . kitchen . int./ day . grace be sit with she arm fold . she have put the kettle on to boil . the door open and bertha appear . grace ( anxiously ) how be she ? _ bertha I have never see she like this before , mar ’am . there 's no calming she down . I have leave she with she father . grace give she a surprised look . bertha remove the kettle from the heat and pour some of the content into a mug . bertha she insisted on talk to he . bertha | what happen , mar ’am ? why do you fight ? grace it be not she . it be ... that woman . ( she take out of she pock the page of the colour book which be now very crumpled . we see again the draw of the grandmother . ) the woman with the sightless eye , imitate my daughter 's voice . I would swear to God that it be not my ss oo , silence . ai bertha do not reply . she turn away and begin to put the pot and pan away . -daughter . but , all of a sudden ... ( she close she eye and draw she hand across she forehead . sob : ) God help I . I do not know what 's the matter with I . bertha you must get more rest , madam . ( she place the mug and @ couple of tablet on the table , in front af grace ) . you can not take on all the responsibility of this house . leave it to we . we know what have to be do . come now , drink this up ... grace what 's all this abouf - you know what have to be do ? what do you mean by that ? bertha nothing , mar ’am . I be just suggest that ... grace there 's nothing to suggest ! who do you think you be ! you have no idea what have to be do ! ( pause ) . or do you ? grace ( almost to herself ) all this begin ... . when you people arrive . grace look at the tablet beside the steaming mug . silence . grace what be this ? bertha ( with she back to she ) tablet for you migraine , mar ’am . the one you always take . grace go and see to the child , please . I need to be on my own . bertha yes , madam . bertha leave the kitchen . after stare for a considerable time at the tablet and the drink grace get up and wash they down the sink with the content of the mug . C ) 102 . the house . passage . intjday . the door to grace 's bedroom open and bertha and anne come out , with the Communion dress in tatter . the girl show sign of have be cry . grace watch they from the other end of the passage . bertha and the girl walk past she . anne do not look at she mother . . grace watch they walk away . *. 103 . the house . child 's bedroom . intjday . '' anne lie on the bed , clutching a pillow . nicholas sit behind she . nicholas ( whisper ) Anne ... Anne , what happen ? & ' anne she hit I again . she say she have never do it again . you remember , do not you ? . nicholas look disturb , as if some unpleasant memory have flashed into he mind . nicholas when ? pause . anne the day she go mad . nicholas lie on he bed , with he back to anne . nicholas I do not remember . anne 5 ido . she 's a liar . ? . nicholas why do she hit you ? $ 0 anne because she go mad again . and she hate I . nicholas do not say that . mummy love you . anne she always think she 's right . and if you disagree with she , she will not let you speak ... but not anymore . nicholas turn over to face he sister . nicholas why do you say that ? anne : nanny tell I . there be go to be ... change . 104 . the house . grace bedroom . intjday . grace enter and close the door behind she . she lean back against the door . charle be sit on the bed . he be wear he soldier 's uniform . a faint light filter through the close shutter onto he back he 's look down , so we can hardly see he face . silence . grace look ashamed . exhaustion . pause . charle Anne tell I everything . she speak slowly , halfway between desperation and grace I wish I have a explanation , but I have not . at first , I think there be someone else in the house . I even think there be ghost ... charle I be not talk about the ghost . I be talk about what happen that day . grace oI '' C tes ot —- the tell I it 's not true . tell I the girl be lie . : grace ~ I do not know what you be talk about . - : charle tell I you do not do it . Long silence . grace know what she husband be refer to . she sob and press herself even harder against the door . grace ( tearfully ) it happen three month ago ... the think of it still keep I awake ... and when I do manage to get to sleep , [ wake up again in a sweat , shouting ! ( she calm down a little ) . I tell the servant to take the day off . they never come back . I still do not know why ... have you eat anything ? silence . lil charle at tell I what happen . 1 ft be a while before grace speak again . and as she near the moment of confession , she find speak more and more difficult . grace - I tell the child to get ready for they bath . but they do not take any notice ... there be day when they do not do what lask ( she cry again and adopt a tone of self - justification : ) I do not know why they have so much trouble understanding ... that I give the order around here , ..!. because I be they mother ! and you be not here to help I ... damm it ! where be you ?! charle do not reply . he do not even move . grace they laugh ... I threaten to take the belt to they , like you use to do ... but they do not care . ( sarcestically : ) they think it be funny to see they mother tie to be < - 3 . they father ... try to restore order . and the more I shout at they and hit they , the more they laugh ... at I !! ( her leg weaken and she begin to slide down the door tuuil she reach the floor . her voice tremble more 92 and more , fade out : ) ~ so..d '' put a puuow , ( I reproduce the gesture with she hand ) over they litle head :.. so that ... they would stop laugh . ~ she cry bitterly for some time , as if she have just receive a thrashing . charle do ( ) not appear to be move . Little by little , grace recover she composure . grace T almost kill they . .. my God , I almost kill they ... charle ( sadly ) so it 's true . you do do it . grace . but nothing come of it ! it be just a accident ! charle ( coldly ) you do do it . grace ~ you must forgive I . Charles ... i charle ' it 's not I who must forgive you . it 's the child . grace lt already talk to they , and promise they [ 'o never lay a finger on they again . they know I love they , and that I could never ... charle stand up . with the light behind he , he figure acquire a menace air . : grace what be you go to do ? pause . charle T come to say goodbye to my wife and child . now I must go . grace go where ? charle ( absently ) out there . 93 grace but , the war 's over . you have no need to go . charle ( with a psychotic look ) the war have not finish . grace ( stand up ) , but , ... what the hell be you talk about ?! you be not go anywhere , do you hear I ? you leave once already . ( pause ) . why ? grace go over to the bed and slirmp down , stare into space . grace why do you have to go to that stupid war that have nothing to do with we ...? why do not you do what the other do ? charle the other surrender . grace we all surrender ! there be nothing else we could do ! this be a small island and it be crawl with Germans , damn it ! be that so hard to accept ? ( she slowly lie down , rest she head on the pillow ) . what be you try to prove by go to the front ? you be bear here , for God 's sake ! do you remember ... do you remember when you tell I ... I know a house , in the middle of 2 meadow . no one will bother we child there . and you bring we to this cold , cheerless place , where I do not even know who I be , because no one know I exist ! and then you leave we ... in this house we be all guilty of something . suddenly , grace feel charle 's lip on she neck . he gently embrace she . they give each other a long look . they kiss on the mouth and begin to undress . against all expectation , grace show a sexual passion little in keep with ner religious fervour . they make love . 105 . the house . garden - facade . ext / dawn . Long distance shot of the house . 0 be / NY 106 . the house . grace 's bedroom . intjday . grace wake slowly and placidly . she stretch and realise that charle be no longer there . the door be open . grace Charles ... grace slip on she dress gown and leave the roam . 107 . the house . staircase —- hall . int / day . grace run downstairs to the main door . grace Charles ! 108 . the house . garden . ext / jday . grace run down the driveway , with tear in she eye . grace Charles ...!! she reach the tron gate . 109 . the house . garden gate —- road . extjday . grace look up and down the road . the fog only allow a visibility of twenty metre in all direction . she stand motionless , not know what to do . 110 . the house . child 's bedroom . int / day . a pale , ghostly white light illuminate the child who be asleep in they bed . anne open she eye and sit up , dazzle and puzzle . when she have stretch and be fully conscious of what be happen , she let out a pierce scream , she eye glue on the window . 111 . the house . garden gate —- road . ext. / day . grace hear she child 's scream . she turn and run towards the house . a on . gra ! bertha !! the child . 112 . the house . hall - staircase . int. / day . grace run up the stair two at a time . none of the servant show sign of life . 113 . the house . child 's bedroom . intjday . grace enter the room . the child be crouch behind one of the bed , try to protéct themselves from the daylight . grace run to the window , but instantly ' realise that there be no curtain on the curtain rail . she pick up the two child , who be still scream , and leave the room . 114 . the house . passage . int / day . grace run along the passage carry she child . she put they down in front of a door and anxiously look for she bunch of key . grace oh , my God , ...oh , my God ...! 115 . the house . empty room # 1 . intjday . grace and the child burst into @ spacious , empty room and run to the window . there be no curtain . grace where be the curtain ?! 116 . the house . room # 2 . int / day . grace and the child enter another room full of window . there be not a single curtain . grace bertha ! 117 . the house . hall . int.day . bertha , stand in the centre of the hall , direct a sinister look at the upper floor , 's where gr4ce 's shout be come from . * and they arm . grace ( of berthaaaa ! bertha remain motionless , like a statue . 118. the house . child 's bedroom . intjday . grace enter with the child and pull a mattress off one of the bed . she drag it to the window , to cover it . anne and nicholas cry incessantly . after rest for a few second , grace run to she child and examine they face 's grace do not worry ... it 's all right . 119 . the house . study room . int / day . lydia be quietly dusting the furniture . grace enter and go up to the young girl . she grab she by the shoulder . grace who be it ?! who be it ?! dammit ! lydia drop the feather duster in fright . grace you know what 's happen here ... you know because it happen to you , too ! tell I ! teil I ! lydia open she mouth in a exaggerated way , uttering a wordless gargle , though we do not know if it be out of fear or because she want to say something . grace drag she to a table where there be a notep and a pen . grace write it down . come on . ( she put the pen in she hand ) . write ! bertha that attitude will not solve anything , mar ’am . bertha be stand in the doorway , wear a serious . solemn expression . grace _ turn to face she . ‘oo ~ grace ( with a angry look ) oh , yes it will ! it will if I can make she confess . bertha cy even if , as you say , she do have something to confess ... she can not write . pause . grace release lydia who run into a corner with a look of torment on she face . she then approach the old woman . grace where be they ? + bertha what ? . grace the curtain in this house ! the curtain my child 's life depend on ! someone have take they ! bertra ( coldly ) I have already notice , you have no need to shout , madam ... oh , Mr. tuttle , I be just on the point of call you . e the old gardener appear in the doorway . . bertha do you know someone 's take all the curtain ? tuttle . ( with he usual absentmindedness ) the curtain ? oh , dear ... why should anyone ... want to take all the curtain ? bertha ( watch grace out of the carner of she eye ) to let the daylight in , I imagine . '' tuttle ( as if it be odvious ) daylight ... of course , daylight . grace someone want to kill my child ! bertha but how do you know the light can kill they ? g3 pause . grace . have you go mad , or be you just plain stupid ? the child be photosensitive ! I already tell you ! bertha yes , but that be before . it 's a disease that might have clear up spontaneously . how do you know they be not cure , if you never expose they to the light ? grace cannot believe she ear , but be lose for a answer . tuttle my sister - in- law use : to get terrible attack of rheumatism in she leg and back .... then one fine day ... ( Long pause ) ... they disappear . bertha you see ? silence . grace point a menace finger at the three servant . grace ( contain she anger ) T be go to find that curtain , and when you have help I to hang they , you will leave this house . grace walk to the door .. bertha 's voice stop she . bertha what about the master ? what have - he get to say about all this ? grace go upto the old lady , hold out the palm of she hand . grace give I you key . bertha obey instantly , though she attitude be icy . 120 . the house . room . int.day . we see grace frantically search several room in the house . 121. the house . child 's bedroom . intday . '' anne be draw next to a oil lamp . nicholas . sit opposite , rest he head on kis arm on the table . $9 nicholas what 's mummy do ? anne . ( without leave she draw ) T already tell you . she 's go mad nicholas liar . anne she 's go mad . nicholas liar , liar ... '' anne she 's go mad , she 's go mad , she 's go mad ... nicholas liar ! liar ! liar !! nicholas crumple up he sister 's draw . anne glare at he furiously . anne say you be sorry . nicholas sha not . anne say you be sorry . nicholas shake he head timidly . anne leave she chair and go to the mattress , which be block the window . nicholas ( alarmed ) what be you do ? anne pull at the mattress , try to make it fall . nicholas no , no , no , please ! I be sorry , I be sorry , be sorty ...! _ the matress fall to the floor and moonlight flood into the room . anne giggle . 1a anne it 's night - time , silly . 122. the house . SMALL room . int / night . grace , hold the rifle and a oil lamp , open the door of another room . it be very small and completely empty . 123. the house . upper staircase . intjday . grace be about to open yet anather door , when she attention be draw by the last flight of stair , which be narrower than the rest . she climb it slowly until she reach a small door ... she hunt through she bunch of , key ... after a few second , she tut in annoyance . 124 . the house . hall - staircase . int / night .° grace , still carry the rifle , run down the stair . bertha be stand there , cuddle lydia , who still show sign of have cry . the two woman and tutile , calmly wait downstairs , appear to be expect she . & grace the key . N bertha what key ? : grace stand face the old woman . grace the key to the attic be miss . bertha of course , madam . you tell I and lydia to use that room , do not you remember ? and then you give we 2 key each ... grace exactly . and now I want they back . bertha but , what for ? grace breathes in . grace I be not go to say it twice . bertha do not seem to be intimidate . she move away from lydia and look at tuttle : bertha Mr. tuttle , why do not you tell the mistress what you discover this more ...? the old man take a few second to react , as if he do not know what she be talk about . : tuttle — oh , yes ! ma ’am , do - you remember the grave you be look for ? well , I find they . grace .- I do not want to see any grave ! bertha you ought to see they , madam . then you have see for yourself ... ( the tone of she voice be more sinister than ever ) ... that ghost exist . : grace ghost do not exist ! . tuttle ( approach grace ) oh , yes , mar ’am . I assure you ‘hey do ... they exist all right . grace step back for a instant , she seem intimidate by she servant . : grace I know what you want . you want to frighten we . you want to get we out , I and my child . you want to take over this house . ever since the day you arrive ... the servant do not say a word . grace now , give I the key and we will see what it be you be hide in that room . bertha ma'am , you should try and calm dow ... of vo oo ob grace ( point the rifle at she ) give I the key , you bitch ! after several tense second , bertha hand grace she key and lydia 's . grace ( still point the rifle at they ) and now , get out of here . the servant turn and leave the house . grace lock the door behind they . then she look towards the top of the staircase ... she begin to climb slowly . 125 . the house . attic staircase . int / night . - grace climb the last flight of stair until she reach the door to the attic . 126 . the house . garden - tree . ext / jnigbht . '' bertha , tutile and lydia be stand in front of the three gravestone . bertha ( with a distant look , deliberate in she speech ) first she scream abuse at we , then she mistreat lydia , she take we key away and to top it all she kick we out into the bloody street . you know something , Mr. tuttle ...? I think I have run out of patience ... what about you ? tuttle oh , yes , of course . pause . bertha ( take command ) we will go in through the kitchen . they turn and walk towards the house . 127 . the house . attic . int / night . grace enter the tiny room , lighting she way with the oil lamp . it have a low , sloping cetling . _ there be two bed ~ or rather , camp bed - , @ bedside table , @ chair and '' small cupboard . grace place the lamp on the bedside table and begin to search frantically . , aaa 193 128.the house . child 's bedroom . intjnight . someone knock at the door . o nae who be it ? bertha ( ofp it 's nanny . I have bring you dinner , child . open the door . anne we can not . it 's lock : bertha ( ofp I know ... but I also know that little Annie have get another key . : anne be astound . then she give she brother a angry look . nicholas ( awkwardly ) rarr I do not tell she anything . bertha 6 ( of ) come on , open up . anne why do not you use you own key ? bertha ( of I have lose it . and if you mother find out , she will be really , really angry with I ... so , let 's make a bargain . you open the door , and I will not tell you mother that you have get another key . 129 . the house . attic . int / night . grace have turn the room upside down . _ among the object strewn over the floor , she see something that look familiar ... it be a rectangular piece of cardboard with a black X , like the one she see in the photo aloum . o 130 . the house . child 's bedroom . int / night . anne and nicholas stand motionless next to the door . bertha ( of come on , open the door , will you ? or you sausage will get cold . nicholas ( whisper enthusiastically ) sausage !! 131 . the house . attic . int / night . _ grace , stare in wide - eye disbelief at the old photograph she be hold . it be @ portrait of bertha , lydia and Mr. tutile . they body have be position carefully on a sofa , create a strange triangular composition . all three have they eye close . printed at the bottom of the photo , we read : December , 1891 grace ( stutter ) d-d-dead ... ( she sob and raise a hand to 's she mouth ) . they be dead !! N 132 . the house . child 's bedroom . int / niget . anne open the bedroom door . bertha , tutile and lydia appear . anne where 's we dinner ? bertha ( sweetly ) now , child , we be go for a litle walk . ne 133 . the house . passage . intjnigbt . CO grace walk wearily along the passage , hold the photo with shaking hand . something at the end of the passage make she jump ... '' 134 . the house . child 's bedroom . int / night . the door of the child 's bedroom be open . grace enter and look frantically around : the child be not there ... she lift she hand to she head , gasp in panic . the child can be hear shouting in the garden . 135 . the house . staircase . intuniget . grace , still hold the rifle , go downstairs . 136 . the house . facade - garden . extjnight . grace go out of the house and look towards the garden . in the moonlight , we see the child , run , terrify , towards they mother . behind they we can make out the three figure of the servant , walk slowly in a line , like three cowboy in a gunfight . : , grace run ! run ! ~ the child reach they mother , who push they into the house . grace aim she rifle at the three figure . grace : do not come any closer ! one more step and pll shoot ! the servanis keep walk . grace do not hesitate a second longer and shoot . the figure do not flinch . bertha ( still walk towards she ) do not trouble yourself , mar ’am . Consumption finish we off ... more than half a century ago . grace continue shoot , until she run out of cartridge . 106 ske go into the house . 137 . the house . hall - staircase . int / night . ex grace lock the door and back up to the foot of the staircase , without let go of the rifle . the child , further behind she , be sit on the stair , clutching the banister . they be quaking and panting . silence . 2 through the translucent glass of the front door , we see the silhouettes of the three servant . *. , the doarknob move , grace go away ! bertha ( of you must all leave the house , mar ’am . it 's for the best . grace om what do you want ? anne * ( in a faint voice ) mummy , do not open the door , do not ... nicholas we have see they grave . grace go upstairs and hide ... go on ! nicholas ( in a whining voice ) mummy ... grace go up to the boy and give he a kiss and a hug . grace do not sep ... we ' anne suddenly rush up to she mother and embrace she . grace respond with a awkward kiss on she cheek . a do not separate whatever you do . the child nod . then they run upstairs and disappear into the darkness . bertha ( of ) we only want to speak with you . grace about what ? bertha ( of ) about the house ... about ... the meew situation . grace what situation ? bertha ( of ) we must learn to live together ... the live and the dead . grace be seize by a attack of hysterical cry . grace my God ... if you be dead , leave we in peace ! 138 . the house . upstair passage . int / night . anne and nicholas run along the passage , desperately try to open the door on : either side . anne open a door and signal to she brother . anne in here . 139 . the house . lounge . int / night . the child enter a room in which we can just make out a round table and a cupboard . anne run towards the cupboard and open tt . anne we will be safe in here . get inside . - 140 . the house . hall - staircase . int / night . grace continue sit at the foot of the staircase , point she rifle at the main door . 108 + bertha ( ofp : suppose we do leave you in peace , mar ’am ... do yo ! think thev will ? grace who ? bertha ( of ) the intruder . grace ( like a little girl ) no ...n0 , no ... there be 's no intruder ... there be no intruder ... tutile ( op ) it be they who take the curtain down , ob , yes , I assure you it be . : grace there be no intruder ... tuttle ( off . and now they be in there ... with you and the childrex . bertha wait for you ! grace nooo !!! bertha ( of ) yeee !! listen to we and leave the house . socner or later they will find you , and , believe I , that 's not a comforting think . 141 . the house . lounge . int. / night . anne and nicholas be crouch opposite each other , inside the cupboard . nicholas be shaking like a jelly . they speck in whisper . o anne ( determinedly ) we have to help mummy . nicholas but ... we c- can not do anything . th-th - they be g-g-ghost ... anne I do not care . I be not afraid of ghost . listen , wait for I here , I will be back in a minute ... nicholas no , no , no ...!. mummy say we should not separate . '' . anne tca not leave she on she own ! nicholas be verge on hysteria . anne make a gesture of annoyance and decide to stay with she brother . suddenly , the girl frown , as if something be disturbing she . she look intently at nicholas . anne stop breathe like that . the boy be unable to control he panting . 6 anne Nicholas , stop breathe like that . nicholas become even more nervous and he breathe even heavier . anne stop breathe ! _ anne pounce on she brother and put she hand over he mouth . she hold she own breath , and look towards the door . a deep , cavernous breathe can be hear on the other side . anne ( in @ tiny voice ) can not you hear it ? there 's someone there . _ silence . old woman' voice .7 . come to we , child ... come to we ... 110 nicholas be about to cry out , but he sister 's hand over he mouth prevent kim . someone suddenly open the door . the child jump . nicholas scream . 142 . the house . hall - staircase . int / night . nicholas 's sudden scream make grace turn abruptly towards the staircase . grace Nicholas ...? noise of footstep and chair . the child do not answer . - grace Anne ...? Children , be you there ...? answer I ! bertha ( of ) the intruder must have find they . there 's nothing we can do now . tuttle ( ofp you will have to go upstairs and talk to they . grace drop the rifle and run upstairs . she pull a rosary from she pocket and finger it nervously . grace ( in a almost inaudible whisper ) . oh , God , help I . help I ... we Father , which art in heaven , hallow be thy name , thy kingdom come ... we begin to hear , very faintly , the voice of the old woman . old woman 's voice why be you afraid , child ...? why do not you want I to be you friend ? come on , speak to I , speak to I ... 143. the house . lounge . int / night . grace enter the room in which all the intruder be gather together . nicholas be cry , curl up in a corner . anne be stand , beside the group , consist of five people sit ata round table : three man and nvo woman . one of they ( the Assistant ) be place sheet of paper next thi to @ tiny old lady ( the same one we see in the Communion créssy , wal open gia scridéle on the paper , while she eye roll blankly . . old woman tell I .. what happen ? : na nicholas ( sobbing ) do not tell she ! do not tell she ! assistant ( read matrer - of - factly ) '' do not tell she . '' '. anne ( to she brother ) ift tell she , they will leave we in peace .: nicholas see he mother and embrace she . nicholas mummy ! assistant ( read ) 'w ) '' mummy . '' old woman why be you cry , child ? what happen in this house ? what do you mother do to you ? anne look guiltily at she mother , and then whisper something into the old woman 's ear . assistant ( read with difficulty ) something about a pillow ... old woman be that how she kill you ? with a pillow ? anne look at she mother with puzzlement , and then at the old woman . anne she do not kill we . se 's grace move to the table . na old woman . Children , if you be dead , why do you continue in this house ? anne we be not dead ! grace we be not dead ! old woman why do you continue in this house ? assistant '. ( read ) '' we be not dead ... '' ' grace and anne : we be not dead , we be not dead , we be not dead ...! : nicholas we be not dead ! assistant ( read ) '' we be not dead , we be not dead ... '' grace push the child back and grab the sheet of paper , tear they and throw they into the air , while the spiritualist shout in fear . N suddenly we see the same shot , with the same frame , bur without grace and the child , in such a way that the sheet of paper seem to be be tear and throw in the air of they own accord . ' ' ' there follow a long silence . the old woman seem ' to come out of . ' she trance . one of the three man ( Mr. marlish ) , with long hair and a moustache , exactly as . anne have draw he , approach the old lady . mr . marlish mother , be you all right ? old woman yes , just a bit dizzy . what happen ? mr . marlish they make contact . old woman allthree ? - assistant apparently , yes . the mother and the two child . quite interesting , do not you think ? o mrs . marlish interesting ? I be scared stiff ! mr . marlish darling , calm down . mrs . marlish no . so far we have handle this matter you way . but now you listen to I . we can not stay in this house any longer . it 's quite clear that this being do not want we to live here . mr . marlish we hardly know anything about they yet . mrs . marlish : yes , we da . we know that the mother kill she two child and then shot herself . that 's quite enough . the group slowly disappear at the same time as grace and the child reappear , hugging each other in a corner of the room . mrs . marlise ( of ) think of we son . mr. marlish ( of ) we son be perfectly all right . mrs . marlish ( of ) he be not ! he have nightmare , he say he have see that girl . and you mother have even be possess by she . please , let 's get out of this house . assistant ( of ) before you make a decision , I beg you to consider the importance of this phenomenon . it 's not every day one be able to make contact with a spirit ... o mlns . wear oo ( of ) listen , I have no objection to you come hers and comb the house with you magnetophone and ectoplasm gauge . .. but not while we be inside . mr . marlish ( of ) allright . we will leave tomorrow mome . mrs . marlish ( of thank God for that . I be go to look in on Victor . . we hear the noise of chair and footstep walk away . grace continue hugging she child . a long silence . grace I try to wake you up ... but you do not move . I say to myself : it 's happen ... I have kill my own child . I put the rifle to my forehead and press the tigger ... but nothing happen , and instead of the shot , I hear you laughter in the bedroom . ( with a bitter smile : ) you be play with the pillow , as if nothing have happen . and I thank the Lord over and over again for be so merciful with we life , for give we ... another chance ... but now , now I do not know what to think ... ( sob ) . now I do not know what to think ! bertha ( of the girl say the very same thing . grace and the child turn towards bertha , stand at the end of the passage . bertha . then she go dumb ... forever . ( pause . recovering she servile tone : ) ma'am , shall I have breakfast prepare ? grace and bertha look at each other without rencour . grace nod . bertha the intruder be leave , but other will come . sometimes we will sense they and other time we will not . that 's how it 's always be . bertha move away . nicholas ( whisper ) mummy ... where 's daddy ? cy pause . grace I do not know ... anne ( whisper ) mummy ... if we be dead , where 's limbo ? grace hug she child even tighter and cry . grace : I do not know any longer if there even be a limbo ... I be no wiser than you be now . but I do know that I love you . and that the house be ours . repeat after I , child : the’ house be ours , the house be ours ... child the house be ours , the house be ours ... 144 . the house . room . int / dawn . oo a sequence of dissolve shot of various place in the house , receive the light of dawn . child ( of ) . the house be ours , the house be ours , the house be ours ... 145 . the house . passage . int / day . grace and nicholas continue hugging each other on the floor next to the door . anne ( of mummy ... look . we see anne , dance next to a large window , bath in sunlight . anne it do not hurt . grace give a bitter smile of resignation . he stand , take nicholas by thé hand , and ' and . she put a hand on the girl 's shoulder . grace no one will throw we out of this house ... while we be dead . '' he camera pull back from the window until the three figure melt into the darkness . .46 . the house . facade ~- garden . extjday . vear the main entrance there be a black 1945 Ford . a boy'come out of the house , and help the old lady to get into the car . _mr . marlish sit in the front . ~- the boy look towards the house . mr. marlish rest a hand on he shoulder . mr . marlish come on , Victor . victor and he father get into the car . the car drive off down the main driveway . 147 . the house . garden gate . ext / day . the car drive towards the entrance gate . a fat man in blue overall be - hang something on one of the iron bar of the gate . he wave to the occupant of the car . the car pass through the entrance and drive away up the road . the man in the blue overall close the gate . we then see that what he have hang on the gate be asign which say : for sale . the end September , 1998 translation : walter Leonard .