the great outdoors written by John Hughes October 18 , 1987 / ext . NORTH wood - lake - afternoon i a pristine lake deep in the North Woods . it 's late afternoon . loons call . a eagle soar over the wate : MAIN title begin . we hear Chet 's voice over . his speech have the quality and tone of documentary marra - tion . chet ( v.0o . ) countless million of Americans , for year upon year ... ext . lake ~ water' edge 2 a deer drink . chet ( v.0 . ) +.» have seek refuge from the harsh detachment and sterile serenity of modern life ... ext . wood - tree 3 a squirrel be sit on a branch . chet ( v.0 . ) -... in the honest embrace of the forest . ext . marsh 4 a goose and she gosling paddle through the reed . chet ( v.0 . ) they return again and again to refresh they weary soul , restore they batter faith . ext . forest - tree 5 a stand of virgin pine . chet ( ¥v.0 . ) renew ... the tie that bind . to marvel at the wonder of nature ... ext , forest ~ tree a woodpecker beat against a pine . chet ( v.0o . ) -.. and enjoy the boundless reward ... ext . perk pine log resort - wide - establish ~ day a quiet , little resort make up of a dozen quaint log lodge , a modest beach and boat dock , a raft , some fishing beat , a office , bar and game room and lot of stately pine between two of which be the ripley family 's station wagon . int . car we meet the ripley 's . behind the wheel be the father , chet . he 's in he late-thirty . he wear he hair in a straight business cut . beside he be he wife , connie . she 's in she laterthirty . attractive , strong and independent . in the back seat be they child . BEN , 8 , and buck , 13 . Ben be precocious , impish and somewhat detach from the normal interest of a boy he age . suck be handsome , quiet and control . Chet be finish he grand speech . che ? ( v.0 . ) ... of the pure and simple style of life that prevail in the Big country . Chet take a moment to enjoy he speech . the rest of the family sit unimpress and unmove . closeup - buck Chet 's speech ring a bell . he think for a moment , then look at ben. BEN and buck they exchange look . the speech be familiar to Ben as well . int . car - front seat Buck lean forward in the seat , between connie and Chet . ( continued ) 7 8 io continued : 8 buck dad ? you read that off the brochure that come with the fishing pole . Chet clear he throat to cover he embarrassment at get catch quote a brochure . chet so what if I do ? it do not matter where it come from , it 's true and we be go to experience every bit of it . connie if we be go to experience every bit of it , should not we get out of the car ? chet absolutely . let 's go ! all four family member swing they door open . ext , station wagon - front angle / overhead angle 9 all four station wagon deer open simultaneously — — weam ! ~~ into pine tree . closeup ~- chet he look at connie with a big grin . chet whoa ! tree in the parking lot ! what a place ! nature everywhere you park ! int . resort office - day 190 it 's a small , knotty pine room with a desk , stuff chair , rag rug and a fireplace over which hang a moosenead . the fur on . the moose 's nose be long go from thirty year of petting by guest and they chil - dren . a small restaurant if off to one side , a bar with a couple of old lush nail to the bar . Chet open the door and peek in . he walk in . he 's over - come by a wave of nostalgia . ( continued ) 10 il continued : 10 chet oh , for God 's sake . just like it remember it . oooh . the moose . he look at the moosehead . closeup - moose the nose be badly wear from pecple rub it and the eye be cross . ext . office - day ll connie and the boy be outside the office , look around . BEN this be go to be a live hell . connie watch you mouth . buck what happen to we go to California ? connie dad decide on Lake potowota ... BEN ».. minimac . buck I know , but why ? connie he have he reason and I do not think it 's you place to question he decision . BEN this be a extension of the work father guilt syndrome thing . right ? connie I do not think there 's anything wrong with we spend a week together at a nice lake tesort . buck do you want to come here ? ( continued ) il 12 continued : il . connie o£ course not . I want to go to California like any other normal person would . int . office - day 12 Chet be stand before the mount moosehead . he raise he right hand and lift he little finger , close he eye and with the other hand rub the moose 's nose . he recite a brief North Woods incanta - tion . chet ahnaweeo , anasaugatuck , bring this little boy a bundle of luck . int . bar ~ day adjacent to the office . a couple of regular look over they shoulder as they hear Chet chanting . there p.o.v . Chet 's in the lobby with he raise hand , chant indian jibberish , rub the moose 's nose . two - shot - regular they trade curious look . int . office - day Chet fish into he pocket for a penny . he hold the penny in one hand , he hand be on the moose 's nose . chet winna-laka -missee , bunkachu - go , to praise the great indian Chief a new penny I throw . he toss the penny over he shoulder . int , bar - day the penny land in the bowl of complimentary cheddar cheese fish . * { continued ) 12 continued : 12 int . lobby - day Chet turn to see where the penny land . he see the regular look at he . he feel slightly embarrassed . chet I use to do this with my dad when I be a kid . do not you use to do this ... with ... you dad ? no ? i£ you will excuse I , I have to check in . thanks . and sorry . keep the change . he offer a limp smile and stroll to the desk . chet ( continue ) hello ? there 's no response . Chet peek back into the bar . chet ( continue ) I love the wood . he smile again . connie and the boy enter the office . chet ( continue ) well ? be this a real North Woods lodge ? suh ? boy ? be not this rugge ? check out the shotgun lamp over there . Chet point out , Buck and Ben look . there p.o.v. a shotgun that 's be make into a lamp . [ t 's stand on end with a light bulb screw into the barrel and a small shade on the bulb . int . lobby - day Chet 's very proud . Buck and Ben be not terribly im - press . Chet lean over the lobby counter . chet hello ? 13 14 7 . int . office - backroom ~ day 13 a middle - age man and a middle - age woman be asleep in the stuff chair in a small office behind the front desk . wally and juanita mobert . they be snore gencly . he 's in bermuda short , a '' I 've be to duluth " t-shirt , black knee sock , leather sandal and a milwaukee brewer 's cap , juanita be wear a sun - dress , ped , cheap jogging shoe and a budweiser visor . hello ? chet ( 0.s. ) ello ? int . office ~ day 14 Chet lean over the desk peek into the backroom . he can not see wally and juanita . chet anybody home ? he turn back to connie . chet ( continue ) can you imagine a unattend motel office in Chicago ? no way . this be good , old - fashioned North Woods trust . be look down on the desk . closeup ~ desk a little plastic pawderhorn lay on a nand - print sign that read : " for prompt service , blow I . " the first three word be on one line . " blow I " be below and in italic . ceet he pick up the horn and look at it distastefully . he wipe it on he sleeve and shrug . chet neat little touch , hun ? connie ( unimpress ) charm . Chet put the horn to he lip and blow it softly . ( continued ) 14 be 16 17 continued : 14 no sound . he look at the end of the little horn to see if it 's clogge . he fill he lung and blow with all he might . still no sound . he put it to he lip again and blow a third time . suddenly , a huge , '' ye mix - breed german shepherd with a snout cover with porcupine quill and burr leap up from behind the desk and bark a inch from Chet ' 's face . int . backroom - wally and juanita - day 1s they be blast from they slumber . wally Ho ! suanita hup ! they look around . get they bearing , realize someone 's at the desk . in unison , they rock back and forward , back and forward and up and out of the chair . int . office ~ the family ~ day 16 they waddle out of the backroom . wally howdy , folk . do not mind wormer . she do not care for people . ( yell to the dog ) shut the frig up ! wormer stop in mid-bark . wally pull the dog down and it retreat back to its position under the counter . wally ( continue ) now , what can I do you folk for ? he p.o.¥. the ripley 's be paralyze with fear . frozen expre ~ sion of horror . ext . highway ~ day 17 a mercede station wagon speed along the highway . 18 ext . cabin - day - later 18 the family admire a beautiful log cabin . Chet pull up behind they and get out of the wagon . connie 's impressed . even Buck and Ben be pleased . wally and juanita flank the family . they love the cabin . wally you city dwelling fool be damn lucky to have this place . it just come available this morning . chet ( proud ) this be a dream come true . juanita yep . we call it the loon 's nest . wally {to Ben ) you ever see a loon , noodlehead ? BEN we have one in we family . closeup - chet smiling . ext . cabin - day connie step in front of Ben to quiet he . juanita we have a fishing party in there up till yesterday . they catch they limit and blow . it 's all redecorate inside . wally and I sink over 300 buck into it , not count what we spend in lysol . beautiful . nothing within a hundred mile compare . not even the holiday inn . Chet put he arm around connie and give she a little hug . wally I think juanita here owe I a liverwurst sandwich and a glass of buttermilk . ( continued ) 18 19 20 21 10 . continued : 18 juanita you folk enjoy you stay . chet in a place like this , how could we not ? wally you could get the shit from the well water . ext . secondary highway - day 19 the mercede we see earlier fly down the two -lane , blow its horn and whip around a slow - move car . int . cabin - day 20 the front door open and Chet sweep he arm . a grand introduction to the interior . connie and the boy stare . Chet look . his big smile fade . chet' p.o.v. the cabin be dirty and cluttere . the remain of a pizza and beer blast from the previous party be quietly molding on the table . newspaper , magazine , fishing gear , bucket , can , trash bag , dust , cobweb and rubbish . the building itself be beautiful in its own right but be ebviously uncare for . [ it need a good clean . the furnishings be straight , standard cot ~ tage sofa and chair . except for a large oil portrait of JFK , elvis presley and Vince lombardi wear halos . closeup - chet look for the bright side . chet just think how much we be go to have to appreciate when we get back home ! a lame laugh . ext . lodge - day 21 the mercede station wagon fly through the tree and grind to a stop outside the lodge . ( continued ) 21 22 will . continued : al closeup ~- driver' door tt open and we rise to reveal pastel slack , polo shirt with a man 's hand sport a diamond pinky ring , a gold rolex plant on he lower belly and sleek sunglass . the dark glass be slowly and dramati - cally remove and we meet roman craig . roman what a gas ! Chet 's gonna shit plutonium pellet ! what a solid surprise ! int . car 22 we meet he family . his attractive and chic wife , kate , he twin nine - year- old daughter , cara and mara . kate 's in a expensive blouse and skirt . Cara and mara be in sundress embroider with they name . strange , withdraw child . roman I will go £ind out where Chet 's bivouack the family . kate this be very unfair , Roman . roman what the hell be you talk about ? we be family for cry out loud . listen , how many time have we invite Chet and connie to the Islands with we ? a billion ? kate this be a little different . we be not invite . roman they will be tickle to death to see we . what the hell be there to do up here ? Fish ? kate I just hate to impose . roman impose ? do not you want to be with you sister ? when be the last time you see she ? ( continued ) 22 . 23 continued : kate 12 . 22 we talk last week . and she say she be look forward to gott : ag away from everything and everyone . I want to see she . I do not wane to impose on she . roman hey , if you can not impose on you family , who the hell can you impose on ? int . cabin kitchen - day ( later ) 23 connie 's clean the stovetop . the kitchen have be clean . Chet walk in , freshly shower . behind connie and kiss she neck . chet what be you do ? get you bathing suit on and let 's go to the lake . connie you go ahead . I can not relax in filth . Chet turn she around ané wrap she in he chet we will all pitch in and clean the place tonight . be give she a kiss . closeup - chet' hand he 's unzipping connie 's skirt . chet and connie he walk up his persuasion be not work . Chet be undaunted . connie we can not even use the bathroom until someone find the toilet seat . chet Buck find it on the sunporch . you have no further excuse . {continued } 23 24 13 . continued : 23 closeup ~ connie' rear end her skirt drop to she ankle . connie and chet connie struggle against he embrace . connie Chet ! chet the kid be outside . connie I do not care . Chet drop the shoulder strap on she top . chet ooops ! connie 's top slip down to she waist . Chet go for she bra . connie stop iti chet what ? I be help you get into you bathing suit . connie I 'll go to the bedroom , thank you . chet there 's no need for that . this be the North Woods . you can walk around naked as a bear and not worry about run into anybody . int . cabin door ~- day 24 the door open and we see Roman and kate . kate 's jaw drop in embarrassment . Roman smile . there p.o.v . connie and Chet embrace . ( continued ) 24 25 14 . continued : 24 her skirt 's at she ankle , she blouse be at she waist and she bra 's hang on Chet 's finger . closeup - roman one of the great moment in he life . roman anybody home ? closeup - connie and chet holding they kiss . eye open in horror . turn slowly . closeup - roman he have he video - 8 to he eye and be taping the mcment . ext . beach - day 25 Buck and Ben be stand at the water 's edge . BEN I think dad 's over - reacting to the involved father deal . I do not know anybody who see they dad all that much . buck you know , if he would get wise to the fact that we love he just the way he be , it would save we all a lot of trouble . BEN do you really care if he 's a vast reservoir of North Woods lore ? buck no . BEN you do not think he 's go to make we sit on the porch and whittle , do you ? wally come toddle down the bluff to the beach . ( continued ) 15 . 25 continued : 25 wally howdy , sport ! see monster mouth yer ? Buck and Ben look at he like he 's crazy . wally cup he hand to he brow and look out across the water . wally ( continue ) he 's out there alright . buck who 's monster mouth ? wally Fish , son . muskellunge . relate to you pike and pickerel , only bigger and meaner than both you boy put together . the boy be skeptical . wally ( continue ) he 's be out there for year . nobody 's catch he yet . too smart . plenty of you city dweller type go out there aim to haul he in . and plenty of you die in he jaw . brutal , old , bloodthirsty peckerhead , he be . nsneak a look to see if he 's scare the boy ) so , if you fella go out there in God 's pool , you make sure you take a parent or guardian along . and if they have get a weapon , remind they to bring it . I do not need to be clean gut up off the beach . I get plenty of other thing to do . Ben and Buck look out across the water . wally ( continue ) by the way , do not you bonehead do no diving off the dock . I do not need no lawsuit . be wink and head up the bluff . Buck and Ben look out across the lake . ( continued ) 16 . 25 continued : ( 2 ) 25 buck that be bullshit . BEN absolutely . they look out at the lake for a moment . they feel . strange sensation . they look at each other . BEN ( continue ) do you sense the presence of a alien life form ? buck now that you mention , I do . they slowly turn and look down the dock . there p.o.v. the twin stand shoulder - to- shoulder at the end of the dock . closeup - twins blank , spooky , frozen expression . 26 ext . SUN porch - day - later 26 Chet and Roman be sit on the porch , sip cock - tail from juice glass . chet I still can not picture you enjoy a vacation in the wood . roman I either . but Katie want to be with connie . you know , you guy pimp we every time we invite you to the Islands . I can not resist Katie when she beg for something . Roman stir he drink with he baby finger . his pinkie ring clink against the glass . he look at Chet with a smile . roman ( continue ) you really dig this shit , do not you ? '' ( continued ) 26 i7 . continued : Chet give Roman a weary look . roman ( continue ) the wood . hunting , fishing , camp , boat , mosquito , gnat , raccoon , stuff fish , pine tree , cabin that smell like piss ... . Chet nod . he ignore the insulting tone . roman ( continue ) Sand in you bed , clean perch , listen to bug rub they leg together . ( look at he glass ) drink tanqueray out of a jabba the Hut glass . horseshoe , paper plate , calamine lotion , tick , _chigger , mildew , poison oak , ivy and summack , lake weed that wrap around you ankle when you swim ... chet ( interrupt ) what happen to the european trip ? roman Katie want to do this . she be worried about the terrorism thing . personally , I think it 's a lot hippier to get blow - up in the Rome airport than it be to die of boredom in the wood . but rule number one , I run my home democratically , and kate and the girl want to come up here to spend time with connie and the boy , so here we be . I have to eat about six grand in deposit but what the hell , we be all here together and that 's what matter . chet ( hope against hope ) six grand 's a lot of money to throw away . maybe you should reconsider . ( continued ) 26 26 27 28 be . continued : ( 2 ) 26 roman forget it . money grow on tree . chet I wish . roman as far as I be concerned , it do , but we will get into that later . the point be , money grow on tree , good family relationship do not . six grand be a small price to pay to see we two family together , right ? chet {reluctantly ) right . roman you bet . so , anyway , you be a intelligent man , you make a good live , you get some option , why the heck would you want to come up to this plant~ infest no~ - man 's land and live like a barbarian for a week ? Chet look at Roman . he 's stunne that Roman can so easily trash nis vacation in one sentence . Roman be unaware that he 's insulting Chet . he sincerely be - lief he 's just speak truth . ext . lake - dock - twins ~ day . 27 they be stand at the end of the dock stare out into the lake . there p.o.v. the still water be suddenly disturb as a mammoth fish leap from the water and splashes down . closeup - twins they eye be wide in terror . they scream . ext . porch - day 238 Roman and Chet continue they conversation . ( continued ) 28 19 . continued : 23 chet you gotta admit that this be some kind of country . Chet smile fondly as he look out on the lake and the surround forest . a unexpected moment of appreci - ation and sensitivity from Roman . roman you know what I see when I look out there ? there p.o.v. the most beautiful forest imaginable . closeup - roman he sweep he hand across the landscape . roman I see the underdeveloped resource of Northern Minnesota , Wisconsin and Michigan . I see a syndicate development consortium exploit a gocd billion and a half doliar in forest product . lumber , pulp , animal skin , exotic game meat , rare mushroom , medicinal fungi , firewood . I see clear out the prime timber , the pelt , the duck and whatever other miscellaneous salables be out there . a paper mill and if the metal be there , a mining operation . a green belt between condo on the lake and a waste management facility , focus on the newest rage in toxic waste , medical refuse . infect bandage , bedy part , iv tub , contaminate glassware , entrail , syringe , blood fluid , low -grade radioactive waste . all safely contain for century . what do you see ? chet ( after a pause ) just tree , Roman . just tree . ( continued ) 28 29 20 . continued : ( 2 ) 28 roman well , no one ever accuse you of have the grand vision and maybe that 's for the best , huh ? while the ambitious scramble for wealth and power , tne Chet ripley 's of the world be able to just casually stroll along life 's path . that 's a compliment because the rest of we be probably go to have stroke and die long before you . chet yeah , probably . that 's what I be hope . ( stand ) I be gonna stroll down life 's path to the barbecue and start the hot dog . roman hot dog ? no relative of mine be go to settle for hot dog as long as they be share my cabin . closeup ~- barbecue grill 29 lobster tail be roasting on the grill . ext . cabin Roman 's tend the tail . Chet 's sit in a patio chair , stewing . roman do I tell you what we do last week in the euro-currency future market ? chet probably . roman I think I might have mention how a couple of week ago I buy a deutchmark contract , sit on ita week , and sell it , take a 300 % profit ? ( continued ) 2l. 29 continued : 29 @ he glance over he shoulder to see if Chet 's im - press . chet easy money be money easily lose . roman look what I pull down a year versus what you pull down . do you think I work any harder than you ? I doubt it . you be draw a check from a company that 's clean up on you sweat . you be a new age slave , Chet . chet I be in the auto part business . I have be in it for fifteen year . they have do well by I and I have do weil by they . roman you do not think the chairman of you company would sell the goddamn work if he have the @ chance ? Auto part be a hot business . chet they be always go to need a regional manager no matter who own the company . roman . I can not believe how dangerously old fashioned you think be . company be valuable if they can be buy and sell . if they be not well - run , guy like I and my partner who think they can do it better , put together a financing package , pick up the company , liquidate the asset , slim the operation down and sell it to the next guy . do not you see ? i£ you company be a house on the market , you be the water heater . I be a independently wealthy man who use he brain ; and drive to benefit himself . eo you be a water heater sit ina damp , dark basement be buy and sell without any say in the matter . ( continued ) revised : october 26 , 1987 22 . 29 continued : ( 2 ) 29 Roman 's argument , while flaw , be passionate and impressive . Chet have little to come back with . chet Three hundred percent profit ? roman not every time . sometimes it 's as little as 2002 and sometimes more . but you take the good with the bad . and you should have you piece , too . connie and kate come out of the house with cocktail . they be laugh and have a fine time . connie how're that tail ? she look over the grill . Roman give she a peck on the cheek . roman this be killer . twenty - eight buck a pound . connee oh , my God . Chet ? twenty - eight dollar a pound ! we have not have lobster in a age . not since we anniversary , anyway . chet you never ask for it . roman and the gourmet here want to eat hotdog . you know they make that thing out of lip and asshole . chet I be old - fashioned . [ like asshole . roman and i like lip . ( lean over and kiss connie again ) mmmn ! if I could market the taste of this lip , I would make another million . 30 revised : october 26 , 1987 23 . int . cabin - night 30 the family 's eat dinner at the kitchen table . as pecple chew , we hear the SOUND of crunching sand . the house be infest with mosquito . roman i think maybe we would run inte town temorrow and pick up a ski boat . sound good , guy ? uncle rema and 1ll blow some coin for a kick - ass drag boat ? Ben and Buck brighten . Buck slap a insect on he leg . chet I be rent a pontoon boat . roman pentcon boat ? what the hell do you want with a pontoon boat ? chet you go on lake cruise . [ it have a big deck , a canopy , we can anchor it and swim , we can bring the barbecue . Tour the lake in comfort . he slap he neck . ( continued ) 30 continued : 24 . 30 roman do you guy want to tour the lake comfortably or would you rather skim the wave with uncle Roman in a jet boat ? BEN jet boat ! sorry , dad . roman Atta boy ! benny 's my man ! you want to put this to a vote , Chester ? Roman slap he arm . she slap she slap the twin chet if you want a ski boat , you get a ski boat . Buck and I be get a pontoon boat . right , Buck ? buck that sound kind of boring . kate be you guy go to argue or be you go to enjoy yourselves ? she cheex , . roman I be enjoy . Chet 's argue . connie how about if the kid go out and catch firefly and we play card ? she upper arm . roman Cara ? mara ? ' you little doll want to go out and catch firefly ? leok at Roman . kate they do not like bug . roman what kid do not like bug ? ( to the twin ) they be cute . they butt light up . ( continued ) 30 31 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 30 the twin run from the table , clamber up the stair and scream . kate glare at Roman . roman ( continue ) what ? it 's true . ( shift gear ) to hell with firefly . to hell with card ! let 's jump in the wagon and hit the town ! ext . SMALL resort town - night 31 the street be bright with the neon light of tourist trap . the sidewalk be clogge with sunburn white trash , sleazy local and suburban family . Chet 's wagon cruise slowly down the street and pull into a open space . the two family clamber out . chet bey ! Buck and Ben stop in mid-stride . buck what ? chet where be you go ? roman they be fine , Chester . have a ball , guy . and , Buck ? if it come up , safe sex . Buck stare at Roman . Chet glare . Chet take the boy to one side for a fatherly lecture . roman ( continue ; to the twin ) you want to go with the boy ? the twin cling to kate in fear . roman ( continue ) why not ? kate {sharply ) they do not want to , Roman . they be fine with we . ( continued ) 26 . 31 continued : 31 roman you want to stay with daddy ? the twin pull kate back . roman ocontinue ; to kate ) you deal with it . I try to please they and they freak out . kate maybe if you do not force you affection on they . Roman pull kate aside . roman ( lower he voice ) maybe if you do not criticize I in front of they . kate I be sorry . roman . it 's be a long road get they this far . I be try my best . okay ? kate okay . roman everything 's gonna be fine . he turn back to Chet and connie with a big grin . roman ocontinue ) shall we ? connie , kate and the girl head down the street . Roman hang back a moment with Chet . chet everything all right ? roman ( to Chet ) oh , yeah . no big deal . the girl be just a little tired . ( more ) ( continued ) 31 32 27 . continued : ( 2 ) 31 roman ( cont 'd ) I be sure you have be through that . yeah , we be solid . come on . let 's go get gass . int . resort arcade - niget 32 it 's like any other teen dive only dirtier and louder . speed metal be blasting . cigarette smoke hang in the air . people be shouting . the place be jamme to the wall . scummy local and slumming tourist kid . clumsy mate ritual , prancing and pose , fight , argue , laugh . Buck and Ben walk in . closeup - BEN and buck this be they kind of place . a scruffy ten-year- old boy with a cigarette dangle from he lip walk by with he arm drape over the shoulder of a cute , ten - year - old tourist girl . Ben look at Buck . BEN they build them young up here . ( the woman - be loose ) closeup - pool table a cue ball . a beat and it 's out of frame . we move up to ... closeup - girl a heart stopper . boyish , tough , pink lip , deep , wild tan , rip t-shirt , indian bead and string bracelet , chip blue nail polish . her name be cammie . she smile at the result of she shot . int . arcade ~ night at a adjacent table , Ben and Buck be play . Ben , after great consideration and study , scratch . Buck cross to the other side of the table and set up he shot . cammie cross she table and set up for she next shot . closeup - buck his tongue stick out of he mouth as he focus on the ball . he draw the cue back . {continued } 32 28 . continued : 32 closeup - cammie she eye she shot . closeup ~- buck' cue it 's head for cammie 's rear end . closeup cammie' bottom cut -off jeans . the butt of the cue come into frame , inadvertently target for cammie . closeup - buck slowly draw the cue back . closeup - cammie her eye open wide in alarm . she look down . her Pov Buck 's cue have go right between she leg . closeup - buck he jerk the cue back and forth a half a dozen time as he prepare to shoot . closeup - cammie she turn sharply . closeup - buck the force of cammie 's turn rip the cue from Buck 's grip and it fly across the room . he shoot upright and turn . closeup ~ cammie face Buck , mad as hell . she jam she cue up under he chin . ( continued ) 32 33 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 32 cammie watch it , runt ! loseup - buck he startle . his head 's throw back by the threat of the cue under he chin . he have no idea of what he 's do . . buck watch what ? closeup - cammie she remove the cue from under he chin and turn away . buck and BEN Buck 's love-struck . he 's motionless . BEN you give she a world class goose with you pool cue , Buck . buck she 's so cute . BEN violent , but , yeah , cute . you get chalk on you neck . Buck wipe the chalk off he chin , not take he eye off cammie as she exit the arcade . int . bar - night 33 reman and Chet be at the bar . Roman 's boast about he shing exploit . roman I know muskie 's the big deal fish up here , but you come with I to the norfolk Canyon off the coast of Virginia and hook into a 1,000 pound blue marlin and you will know what fishing 's all about . ( continued ) revised : november 3 , 1987 39 , * 33 continued : 33 cset for my brother - roman be that a shot ? chet no , that be the truth . roman that be a shot . {to the bartender ) speak of shot ... reman throw back a shot of bourbon . herm ( to Chet ) this guy ' a riot ! everybody love he , right ? Chet smile grimly . roman by the way , herm , maxima 's now no 's haw . ver mo ament in high capacity service spool . eerm ig that a fact ? roman they claim it offer superior abrasion resistance and knot strength . if I be go for a premium igfa class monofilament , I be always gonna go , maxima . by she way , herm , who 's handle you investment ? ( continued ) revised : november 3 , 1987 30.1* 33 . continued 33 a man sit down at the bar next to Chet . he 's thin and 6 frail , coal black hair with a streak of pure white run from forehead to neck . his name 's reg graebel . chet how 's it goin ' ? reg ( stutter ) it be not , um , um , um it be not , un , it be not , you know , um , raining . that 's um , you know , um , N - n -n , um , good . chet true . be you in the tourist business ? reg I be in the ah , ah , biz , um , ness of , um , not , uh , you know , ah , um , chet insurance ? ry um , of , um ... food service ? reg reg of um , not , um , not , um , die . Chet do not understand . look at Roman and herm . herm you fella 's meet reg ? Roman reach out he hand . reg take he hand and give it a herm this be Chester ripley . chet ( correct he ) Chet . e he shake with reg . ( continued ) 33 revised : november 3 , continued roman that 's a hell of a hairdo you get there , reg . sort of a neo-skunk thing , huh ? mace at Roman 's frankness . herm his hair turn white from lightning hit he . Chet and Roman look at each other . eerm he 's be strike by lighting ... how many time be it now , reg ? reg uh , uh , six ... roman iwas hit once . chet six time ?! reg um , six and um , six , um , sixty um and sixty um six time , um , in the ... ( tag he head ) um , head . Chet and Roman stare at he in disbelief . chet that 's gotta hurt . herm you will never meet a guy more tune into the barometric pressure than reg . he can sense a storm hour before it hit . he 's a little nervous lately because it 's come time rus to get whallope by one of they storm we be famous for up hh about every six or seven year , a big front roll down from Canada and we get cream . that 's always a bad time for reg . you see he run like hell for home , you head for cover . right , reg ? : 4 ( continued ) 1987 30.2 % 33 33 revised : november 3 , 1987 continued 33 roman you work outdoors ? you a lineman , you work on a boat ? steeplejack ? roofer ? you gotta be in some line of outdoor work to get hit by lightning that many time . herm yeah . reg be a electrician . int . bar booth - niget : 34 connie and kate ara talk over wine . rate I be really sorry about this . ( continued ) 30 . 34 continued : connie be 31 . 34 connie do not be silly . kate &t be Roman 's idea , you know how he idolize chet. surprised to hear that . kate ( continue ) it 's true . he admire the simplicity of Chet 's life . kate 's unaware that she inadvertently insulted Chet . connie I do not think Chet 's simple . kate I be not explain myself very well . what I really want to say be , thank you . this be very important to Roman and I . I miss you , conn . ( pause ) it 's so lonely be wealthy . connie ( chilly ) I would not know about that . kate iomean it . it be lonely . he work terrible hour , he travel . there have be time when we will go a month without go to bed together . connie a month ? kate sometimes I think that if he keep up the hour he 's work , the only way I will get any pleasure be by lean against the washer during the spin cycle . connie ( after a pause ) do that work ? ( continued ) 34 35 36 32 . continued : ( 2 ) 34 kate ( refer to ner blouse ) have you ever see whiter white ? int . tavern ~ bar - night 35 Roman slide off the bar stool . roman you pay for the drink , I have to go to the john and introduce Mr. thick Dick to Mr. urinal cake . I will be right back . he exit . Chet watch he go . he turn back to the bar . herm ( watch Roman ) not too many guy come in here and buy drink for the house like he do . Hell of a generous guy . chet yeah . how much do I owe you ? herm sixty -two , fifty . int . bar restroom - night ua ay Roman 's on a payphone outside the john . roman burt ? Roman . how're you do ? good enough . listen , I be up in the wood so I be not in the office this afternoon . what 's the word on the loan ? ( disappointed ) I have a very big deal go down , and I need that money . you be the banker , I be the customer . what be I suppose to do ? ( pause ) you gotta come through . it could be good for all of we . Chet cross by . Roman cover the phone . {continued ) 36 37 33 . continued : 36 roman ( continue ) do not bother gcing in there . it 's all block up . use the lady ' room , I will stand guard . Chet hesitates for a moment . Roman reassure he that it 's all right . he go into the lady ' room roman ( continue ) see what you can do , burt . I be count on you . all right , we will talk later . he hang up the phone . he wait a beat , hit the phone and recover he change from the return slot . he go into the men' room . ext . CITY park ~ night 37 a tiny patch of green in the middle of the gaudy little town . a dozen oak tree , some park bench , a flagpole and a war memorial consist of a graffiti-cover cannon and a completely defile plaque . [ t 's the nightly hangout for local and tourist kid . ext . park ~ cammie - night she 's sit against a tree . she reach into she t~ shirt and come up with a pack of marlboros . she fire one up and take a deep draw . she lock up with a blank expression . ext . park - buck and cammie - night Buck stand before she . buck you do not give I much of a chance to apologize . she do not respond . buck ( continue ) you mind if I sit down ? cammie I do not own the park . ( continued ) 37 continued : Buck sit 34 . 37 down in front of she . buck I gust get here . I be from ... cammie Chicago . buck ( surprised ) how would you know ? cammie you be too thin to be from milwaukee , you tooth be too good to be from Minnesota , you have a brain so you be not from Canada and you have get a human haircut so you be not from Iowa or nebraska . Buck 's impressed . he Pov cammie ( continue ) it 's no big trick . you live all you life in this monkey shit town it become second nature . buck I guess I have meet my first local , huh ? cammie you do not have any idea how local iam . tt 's gross , really . a world tour for I be a weekend in Green Bay . buck it 's really a beautiful town . Buck leek down the street . the squalid little town with its blaring neon and station wagon traffic . it 's anything but beautiful . buck and cammie he turn back from look at the town . cammie 's look away . ( continued ) 37 38 39 40 * 35 . continued : ( 2 ) 37 buck it 's ... cammie it 's a nole in the earth . look , why do not you save you breath ? I be not a whore , okay ? she stand up . Buck be dumbfounded . he stand up . she head off across the park and disappear into the dark . Buck be leave baffle and embarrassed . he look around at the people who have watch the conversation . buck what would I do ? omitted 38 ext . cabin - establishing shot - night 39 int . cabin - night 40 Chet 's building a fire in the fireplace . Buck , Ben and the twin be watch . connie , kate and Roman be play Monopoly at the table . chet you kid want to hear a bear story ? the kid shake they head . Chet do not see - chet ( continue ) Mom and I honeymoon up here . at this very same lake . roman Big spender . Chet flash Roman a cold look . chet we be stay at my uncle 's cabin . and one night we hear a terrible racket out by the trash can ... Chet 's very much into he story . he walk over and turn off a lamp , to add to the effect of the story . ( continued ) 40 a40 b40 36 . continued : 40 roman heh ! we be play here , Chet ! kate silence he with she hand . kate shh. listen . connie smile as she remember the incident . chet I get out of bed and I lock out the window and you know what I see ? the biggest , baddest bear in the North Woods . the twin ' eye open wide in fear . BEN I be sure , dad . connie it 's true , Ben . Chet turn off the kitchen light . he walk back to the fireplace . chet she stand about six foot tall ... flashback - closeup - bear a40 the real bear . chet ( v.0 . ) Big white tooth ... the bear curl its lip back to revel its tooth . chet ( v.0o . ) ( continue ) ... fang , stain pink from whatever it be she kill before she get to we cabin . closeup ~ chet -~ present b40 he continue the story . ( continued ) b40 c40 d40 37 . continued : b40 chet paw as big around as a catcher 's mitt with dlack claw like knife blade . int . cabin - night Buck and Ben look at each other . if it 's a bullshit story , it 's a good one . chet it be a terrible sight . it be not like a scary movie . flashback - closeup ~ bear c40 at the window . chet ( v.0 . ) it be real and all that separate I from she ... flaseback - closeup - chet d40 on the other side of the window , in terror . Long , nispie hair and a tie -dy t-shirt . chet ( v.0o . ) «+. be a pane of window glass ! int . cabin - night ~ present £ 40 the twin be tremble . as Chet talk , he jam the fireplace full of newspaper and kindling . he soak the kindling and the log with barbeque starter fluid . he 's so take with he story , he dee not realize how much kindling paper he 's stuff into the fireplace or how much fluid he 's squirting . he use squirt to dramatize point in the story . connie Chet ? maybe you should not talk about it . you might give the kid nightmare . chet oh , come on , hon . it 's a great story . ( more ) ( continued ) e40 38 . continued : £ 40 chet ( cont 'd ) anyway , I see she and you know what ? she see I , too . and she be hungry . hungry for blood . human blocd . once they get the taste of it , they crave it , they need , they want it and they will do anything to get it . she have - become a maneater ! the kid sit back in alarm . chet ( continue ) we eye lock , my heart be pound ... ( slap he fist inte he open palm ) bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! ( pause ; then loud and fast ) I run into the live room and grab my uncle 's shotgun off the mantle . I turn and see she face in that window . her breath fogging the glass . suddenly ! she let out a roar that rattle the pot and pan , shiver the wall and rattle the floorboard ! I know then that it be either she or it be Mom and i . so I take aim and I fire ... rerblamm ! the kid jump at the noise . BEN you waste she ? chet no , benny . a shotgun could not kill a monster like that . BEN what happen ? chet the buckshot shave the hair clean off the top of she head . she run off and never come back . every now and then ... ( more ) {continued ) £ 40 f40 g40 33. continued : ( 2 ) e40 ceet fr «..we would hear from he would cali we killer bear area . the Said - eeade bear of Clare country . fplaseback - closeup - bear ~ night f40 angry , wild and bald . int . cabin - night - present g40 Chet fish a pack of match out of he pocket . BEN be she still around ? connie no , honey . this happen fifteen year ago . chet she may still be out there . crazy and blood - thirsty as aver . so , when you go to bed tonight , do not look out you windew ! bec ! the kid and reman shriek with fright . Chet chuckle . he strike a match and toss it in the fireplace . ext . casein - nigst + there 's a flash inside . a column of fire e the chimney and shoot thirty foot in the a e 4 la 41b revisecé 12 , {27 Blue 392 . int . cabin . night ( after the bear story ) 4 ia Roman 's outside Ben 's roon , listen at the door . chet ( 0 c ) there 's nothing to be afraid of , Ben . that be not a true story . my facher tell it to I and I 'a sure he father tell it he . and I tell it to you . BEN ( oc ) be you sure that bear 's not still around ? chet ( oc ) positive . cu. roman he 's note the tenderness in the conversation . int . twin's room 41b the twin be in bed . Roman slip into the room . he cross nervously to the bed . roman ( stifi , uncomfortable ) good evening . he sit on the edge of the bed . roman how 's it go . of course , not response . roman as you father , I feele it incumbant upon I to set the record straight with regards to the validity ef the tale which uncle Chet share with we this evening . he give the kid a uncomfortable smile . ocontinue ) revise 12/21/87 Blue 398 - 41b ( contd ) roman . I know that a terrifying story like that come from the mouth of a4 recognize authority figure be traumatize because I have a similar experience with my uncle Roy and a story ke tell abouc a family that go to the wood and be attack by a band of escape Army psychiatric patient who would be subject to vicious , violent , hellish behavior modification experiment . they escape the metal box that they live in and go off into the wood and slaughter and eat this family before they be recapture . now , that story give I nightmare not to be believe and I do not want uncle chec 's bear story to upset you in the same way . so I be here to say there be not a bear like that , none of what uncle Chet say actually happen and that even if there be a bear out there , I be in the house prepare to protect you . I love you and nothing will happen to you . at the absolute worst , and I be not say this will happen but in a worst case sceanerio , maybe a bear get in the house but believe I , he will go for the cookie and sweet before he go for you and anyone else so , wa be ast 2 to th to anything else unpleasant , we be go close we eye and dream about nice thing . okav ? Super . sleep tight . rno the twin be freeze with fear . ee gat up and e 4ic int . hallway Roman back out of the room , close the door softly . cher come out of the Ban 's room . he close the door . both man turn at the same time . see each other , jump back and yelp . embarrassad they turn ic into hae cough . the butt . gotta give an up . allergy . yeah , it 's bad . good night . ( continue ) 39c. 41 c ( contd ) roman e yep . they march manly and tall to they respective room . a beat and the twin and Ben bolt from they room scream , tun for they parent . 41dint . cabin . night : everyone 's asleep . Roman 's sit in the live room , 41d smoking a cigarette , think . the only light be that come from outside security light . cU. roman deeply troubled . worried think . the bravado and confidence he have in the day be go with the night . the bullshit be go and ali that remain be trouble and concern . 42 omitted @ and 43 43 44 ext . cabin ~ kitchen door - night 44 a family of raccoon waddle up to the cabin . theiz chirp be translate in subtitles . mother raccoon New people on the loon 's nest . ( continued ) 44 45 46 47 48 continued : baby raccoon Illinois plate . mother raccoon £ they be from Chicago , we will be eat good . ext . cabin porch ~ night the garbage can . the mother raccoon climb up on the can and knock it over . ext . cabin - night the raccoon tear into the garbage bag . mother raccoon lobster tail ! baby raccoon a shitload of raw hotdog ! mother raccoon watch you mouth . baby raccoon Excuse I . ext . lake - morning placid and peaceful . the sun rise on the still water . int . kide ' bedroom ~ boy ~ day splay out on they gleep bag . int . kide ' room - twins - day in they monogramm pajamas , clutching blanket , suck each other 's thumb . int . roman be room ~ day he 's asleep on top of kate . 44 45 46 48 49 51 int . chet be room - day 43 connie 's sleep . Chet 's not in bed . ext , cabin - day so Chet 's in he p.j. 's and robe with a cup of coffee , be 's stand in the midst of the carnage of the raccoon attack . wally waddle past , walk wormer . wally if you do not put a rock on top of the can , the raccoon be gonna get you refuse every time , you city dwelling potato head . int . bathroom - day sl Roman 's stand at the sink . he have a portable cellular phone . the base unit be on the toilet tank . the handpiece be cradle between he shoulder and he jaw . kate 's in the shower . roman be Jerry asmuth in ? this be Roman Craig . yeah , I can hold but not too long , I be up in God 's country and my signal 's weak . as he wait on the phone , he trim he nose hair . roman ( continue ) honey ? Chet 's kid look at he like he 's Zeus . mine look at I like I be a rack of yard tool at sear . int . cabin hallway outside the bathroom - day the twin be look in the bathroom . there Pov they father be in he undershort , trimming he nose , talk on the phone . roman why can not they connect I ? ( continued ) sl continued : 51 int . bathroom - shower - day e kate 's wash she hair . kate maybe if you spend a little less time on you work and a little more time with we , thing would be different . int . bathroom - day Roman cover the phone . roman honey ? put a cork in it for a minute , I be talk business . ( to the phone ) Jerry ? Roman . i'1l save we both a lot of trouble and cut right to the chase . I have a investment opportunity you will not believe . do you have three minute and twenty - five grand ? ( pause ) Jerry ? '' ee look at the phone to see if he 's lose the signal . he sigh with defeat . kate poke she head out of the shower , kate do you hear what I say ? roman I lose the signal ... damn phone . kate maybe he hang up on you . roman why would cur minister hang up on I ? 52 ext . boat yard - day - later $ 2 a small boat yard specialize in sale and rental of ski and fishing boat . e { continued ) 52 continued : $ 2 int . office ~ day Chet , Roman and the boy be in a small office with a grubby man in he ies . ee 's the owner . Roman 's go over the rental papers . owner she 's brand new this season . I do not want you neglect she . roman insult I one more time and I 'o11 take my business elsewhere . Roman slide the papers to Chet . roman ( continue ) agreement look kosher , Chet , sign it , pay the man and let 's go ski . chet I be pay for it ? roman you say you be rent a boat . < n eet I want to rent a pontoon boat . roman they do not have one . chet so , why do I have to pay for 4 boat I do not want ? Roman take the papers from Chet . roman you kid with it , ckay . I will be more than nappy to pay for this boat . he take out he wallet . roman ( continue ) my kid be too young to ski but if you want I to rent you kid a boat , fine . ( continued ) 52 continued : ( 2 ) wait a minute . you . that 's what I 52 chet I will split it with roman love about you , ripley . you only go half - way . have you ever go the whole distance on anything . yes , I have . with you , so , he pull out he wallet he hand it over to the personally , for chet I say I would split it let 's split it . and yank he credit card out . owner . roman think split cost be cheap and petty . I would rather pay the whole damn thing myself than get into count penny with you all week . chet do not worry about it . I will pay for ik . roman I will be more than happy to cover it . chet I say I will pay for it . Fine . let I roman give you a hundred buck so you will not gripe if I want to take the boat out by myself . no. I insist . I say , no . please . all right . cset roman chet roman chet ( continued ) 52 53 436 continued : ( 3 ) 52 Roman 's shocked that Chet have accept . roman again , we be deal with peanut . what the hell 's a hundred buck ? do we really want to nitpick ? no. T will be out front . {to the boy ) come on , guy . he shepherd the boy outside , leave Chet to wonder if he 's be take . ext . boat yard - day 53 a 18 foot cigarette boat . a nasty , dangerous - look speed boat . Bright red with orange flame and garish hot rod lettering on the side -~ suck my wake . chet and roman Roman 's delighted . Chet 's unsure . roman we will be scraping bug off we tooth with this baby , huh ? ( to Buck and Ben ) come on , we will hit the guy up for a free tank of gas . he head for the boat . Ben follow . Buck hang back with Chet . buck dad ? chet that 's too much boat . buck dad ? chet yeah ? buck would you mind if I hang around town ? I will walk back when I be do . ( continued ) '' 3 continued : ue 53 chet do not you want to ride in the boat ? buck I kind of want to hang around . it 's be a couple of day since I hang around anywhere . chet you have to promise I that when you get back , we will spend a little time together . that 's the whole point of the trip . you and I . and ben. we . the guy . the wood . men. bond , tight , close and manly . buck dad ? chet yeah ? buck can I go ? chet yeah , sure . maybe you can meet some guy in town . bring ‘em back and I will take ‘em for a spin in the boat . buck sure , dad . Buck start to walk away . Buck nod the boat . chet you get money ? and head down the road . Chet walk over to Roman 's be watch Chet and Buck . roman that 's a shame . chet what 's that ? roman I know you be alienate the kid with all that crap about father and son . 54 55 through 67 68 ext . beach - same time - day 54 connie and kate be in they bathing suit , sit in beach chair play scrabble . connie gee , the twin have be awfully quiet . be they have a good time ? kate I be sure they be . they have always keep pretty much to themselves . omitted 55 through 67 ext . beach - water - day 68 the twin be knee deep in the water , stare out into the lake . underwater view we see they little ankle and calve from a fish 's point of view . ext . beach - day connie and kate turn they attention from the twin back to they game . kate Roman say they will talk when they have something to say . connie obviously you have discuss it with you pediatrician . kate he say not to worry . kate change the subject . kate ocontinue ) I wonder what 's keep Chet and Roman ? {continued ) 68 continued : 68 connie do Roman know anything about boat ? kate not as much as he think he do . ( to the twin ) come on , you not fraidy cat ! you can swim ! she turn back to the game . behind she we see a mam - moth fish leap out of the water . monster mouth . ext . water - twins - day they look at each other in terror . they scream . 69 ext . CITY boat launch - day 69 Chet back the boat down the launch . he stop and get out of the car . Roman and Ben get out . roman what 's the problem ? chet I want to make sure I be do this right . roman you back it in until it float . it 's not that hard . Chet climb into the boat . chet you back 'er in , I will start ‘er up . Roman get in the wagon and start back up . he ease the boat slowly into the water . chet ( continue ) keep it come ! roman how far into the water do you want I to drive the car ? ( continued } 69 70 71 72 73 74 a7 continued : 69 chet do not worry about it ! it 's paved all the way in . roman it 's no sweat of€ my back . [ t 's you car . Roman continue back up . the boat take to the water and float . chet Ho ! take 'er up ! Roman pull the car forward . the trailer come up out of the water . ext . lake - boat ~ day 70 Chet start the engine . it take a couple of try and then catch . ext . boat launch - day 71 Roman pull all the way up to the top and get out of the car . roman get it ? ext . lake - boat ~ day 72 Chet wave he arm . he 's revving the engine . ext . boat launch - day 73 Roman cup he hand and yell to Chet . roman you be in neutrai ! ext . lake - boat - day 74 Chet wave Roman away . he turn around in the seat and watch behind he . he gun the engine , and put it in gear . the boat leap forward and grind up the boat launch . it roll on its side with the engine howling and the prop spin . 73 75 77 78 79 gue ext . town - same time - day 73 Buck 's walk the street of the town . he 's aimlessly cruise . he check out every girl that pass . he 's look for cammie . ext . drive -in restaurant - day 76 cammie 's in a perky uniform carry a tray . she set it on the window of a family sedan . she collect the due and return to the restaurant . ext . across the STREET from the restaurant - day 77 Buck 's across the street . he 's spot cammie . he dart across the street . int . restaurant 78 a buzzer go off . the cook yell to cammie . cook cammie ! stall six ! ext . restaurant - day 79 cammié come out count she tip . her head 's duck . ext . stall number six ~ day Buck 's stand in the stall , pretend he 's hold a steering wheel . cammie walk to the stall and look up , expect a car . Buck smile at she . she plant she hand on she hip . she can not help but smile . buck what 's good ? cammie where do I put the tray ? buck from the way you talk to I last night , you can probably think of a couple of good place . cammie I be sorry about that . ( more ) {continued } 79 80 continued : 79 cammie I be in kind of a bad mood . but that do not mean that I do not mean what I say . for the mest part , it 's true . buck you do not know that it 's true of I . cammie it 's a safe assumption . buck I just borrow this car and it have to get it back . how late do you work ? cammie five . buck where will you be tonight ? cammie around . buck can I see you ? cammie do not want to answer . she do not want to get involved . but she do want to see he . cammie te you can find I . ext . lake - dock ~ day 80 Chet and Ben be on the dock with the water skis . Chet 's fully clothed . Ben 's in he swim trunk and life belt . BEN dad ? [ I will figure it out . chet be you so experience that you can not take a few pointer from someone who know ? Ben sigh . gl 82 83 a4 ext . lake - boat ~ dam al Roman , connie , kate and the twin be in the boat . it 's idling . they be look back at the dock . ext . dock - day 82 Chet 's in the skis on the dock . chet you bend you knee so you absorb the shock of the wave . right ? you knee be you shock absorber . Ben nod wearily . chet ( continue ) you keep you weight back . right ? and if you get in trouble , let go of the rope . BEN yep. ext . lake - boat - day 83 no one xnow what Chet 's do . ext . dock - day 84 Chet continue he lesson . chet any question ? BEN what if I get tired ? chet and you want to stop ? Buck nod . chet ( continue ) you stop signal be the same as you start signal . BEN what 's that ? ( continued ) a4 85 86 a7 88 89 90 continued : Chet Chet ext . Chet ext . Chet ext . chet just raise you hand , and remember , wnon in doubt , let go of the rope . BEN thanks , dad . here , hold this . take rope . chet alright . a lot of people get in trouble if they do not let go of the rope . raise he arm to swat a fly . dock ~ day drop to he ass and fly off the dock . BEN let go of the rope ! lake ~ end of the dock ~- day fly over camera . lake - day he splashes down and be rip across the lake . ext . dock - from the end of the shore ~ dam a smoking strip run from Ben to the end of the dock . ext . lake - day the boat roar past . Chet follow , hold he shred - ded ass . ext . boat - day everyone cheer he on . closeup - chet he 's scared to death . ( continued ) 84 85 86 87 88 39 90 90 91 92 93 94 continued : 99 closeup - roman he cut the boat hard to the leave . ext . lake - day 91 Chet jump the wake and slingshot alongside the boat . closeup - chet he 's hold on for he life . ext . lake - day 92 the boat cut back around . Chet jump the wake again and switch side on the boat . ext . boat - roman - day 93 wind slapping he face . roman he 's do great ! ( blow he horn ) what a maniac ! no one tell I he could be a pro ! he cut leave again . closeup - chet horror . he Pov he 's nead for another boat . it veer out of the way at the last moment . ext . lake - day 34 Chet hit the other boat 's wake and sail into the air . he nearly lose it as he touch down . his ass slap the water . closeup - chet he 's scream at the top of he voice . ( continued ) 94 95 96 97 aoe continued : 94 chet stop ! stop ! closeup - roman he turn back . connie look at he ! he 's laugh ! it 's nice to see he relaxed for a change ! roman look how much fun he 's have , and he want a pontoon boat . chet' Pov he edge closer to the shore . he 's dangerously close to the dock . closeup ~ chet every nerve in he body be tingling . ext . lake - day 35 the boat make a hard turn . Chet jump the wake again and lose one of he skis . ext . swamp - day 96 deep in the reed . we hear the boat approach . sud - denly , Chet rip through the reed . Chet 's scream overwhelm the sound of the engine as he streak past . ski be Pov through the reed and the stump and the lilypad and the slime . closeup - chet he close he eye , consign to death . ext . lake - day 97 the boat execute another sharp turn and come away from the shore . Chet fly out of the reed . 98 99 iol 102 ext . chet' dock - day the boat sai shore . her low . closeup - chet he sink to he knee . he 's catatonic . ext . lake - boat ~- day everyone applaud he . Roman give he a heartfelt salute . ext . another boat the eccupant join the applause . ext . shore - day people gather along the shore applaud . closeup ~ chet convinced he 's ext . shore - day Ben charge inte the water . nm neredible ! i dad ! that be Chet fall forward into the water . a ° 8 revisec levéivo , sau '' 102a ext . cabin Roman hes dock the boat and be put away the ski gear . he 's examine a water ski . he note that the back of the ski be curve up . he look at the second ski . same thing . he stow the skis under the porch and turn to see wally and the twin . wally I get a couple thing to gnaw over with you , Roman . first , somebody get the water patrol all cheese off , hot rodding on water skis all over the lake . roman that be my brother - in - law and I apologize on he behalf . wally and B. I find you youngster inside the mine perimeter . roman what mine ? get a old mica on the other side of the property . alot of bore hole , sink hole , pit , cave , hollow , you know . the war shut the facility down and it never reapen . the state do not want to fill the hole , the fed '' t give a crap and they throw up barb wire and leave it . there could be dynamite , blast cap , poison water , you never know what 's leave behind in a mine . I do ' cause I have a cousin work there , get in there and yell into they hole d hear the voice echo a di cg teenager do in thera suc ga grief of some kid buy cloud . roman gitl ? off limit on the mine shaft , huh ? ( to wally ) revisec if / éifo ; sauce s6b . 102a ( contd ) wally and you will talk to ripley ? roman done . wally exit . reman look at the twin . roman why do not you two head inside and take a nap . the twin stare at he . roman you still take nap do not you ? they shake they head , no . roman io guess I gotta catch on my videotape of you guy . 103 int . master bedrocm - day connie ( see that he 's pack ) what be you do ? ( continued ) 103 continued : die 103 chet I be not take any more of Roman 's crap . i£ you like he , you stay with he . I be through . connie what 's happen that 's get you so crazy ? chet how about Roman drag I ail over the goddamn lake in my clothes ? have you see my ass ? connie not recently . chet well , I will be pick splinter from it until the day I die ! connie what about the kid ? chet the kid ? I think he kid be spooky . I be wait for they to rotate they head and vomit pea soup . connie I mean we kid . Chet shove a shirt in a drawer . chet honey , he 's drive I nut . we come up here to be together and have a little fun . who invite he , anyway ? connie maybe if Roman 's family be more like ours , not would want to spend he time with they alone . we be lucky . why do not you try to bea little more compassionate towards he ? chet honey , he 's a asshole . ( continued } 58 . 8 4030 ~ continued ? g2 ) . not sie ee on 03 > '' connie '' . you know it , I know it , he es . a probably know it . come on . toutre a bid man and a nice man . '' you be above this . she kiss he . chet - you always do this to I . connie I know . ( kiss he again ) I be glad you lose you temper . chet yeah ? connie : yeah . you finally unpack you suitcase . she give he another kiss and exit , 's leave Chet with a empty suitcase . he 's not quite certain . how it get that way . . oe 103a 104 '' 105 106 . mo , : p.58 A. revise combo 11/11/87 '' emt . lodge 's area . dusk . 28 the two family be uross the grounds to the lodge . Chet lead the way . Roman carry the rumaki . chet the man be 109 year old today and I - think the least we can do be drop by and wish he a happy birthday . — - roman we get a shot to see a female elvis impersonator in White Water and you want to wish happy birthday to a man you never meet ? chet if you want to go to White Water , go ahead . I be more interested in pay '' my respects to a man who 's have the : courage to last on this earth 109 year . ( to the kid ) he 's the oldest man in Canada . be not that something ? there 's no response from the kid . : : cuit . . . _ we 'lt dance , we will have a drink and '' we will party down with the. real people . roman : personally I would rather see a 46 inch bust sing '' Love mé ténder " . - > they walk into the lodge . ext . lodge - evening . oe 104 Cars be park everywhere . people be enter the lodge . music be play . int . lodge ~ night . 105 a large knotty pine ballroom . a bar at one end , a local deejay at the other . jamme with local in they best dud . omitted . 106 _ p.59 '' 107 , '' one . lopgz. eater . : bfr os so 307 chet and ' connie be ( slow dance : : chet do you remember where you first '' hear this song ? foot. connie . oe woe no .. '' . : oo chet oh , come on . in college . my dorm room . parent 's night . connie that ' be leader ( of the pack . : 0 , chet . ) '' ido not think bo . .- oe y tqonnte . su be ta : : a girl remember what . song be play the moment she lose she virginity . chet then where do I , remember this . song from ? r- have the sweetest : memory * ' of . . ' kate™ eding reception . *~ . chet . Sao aye that ! 's right . the. band. wwas ) , play it : on _' when the battender slugge 's Roman - - for robbing he tip . he give : connie a : squeeze and smile from ear to ear . . chet . I love this song . roman and kate ' they ! be dance , have similar memory about the song . ee '' Roman 0 I put in a twenty and take back , fifteen in change . . . ‘( continued ) lo7 : - 108 103 int . _ bart chet and wally . ' continued : mo — 107 : . kate . . wn it doesn ! = matter anymore , '' Roman . roman everytime I hear this song , I think of that goddamn bartender slander I . kate he do not slander you , he chip you tooth . roman and I never sue he . I could have win big , too . that money invest at ten percent over twenty year ... ' int . lodge . old man not , 108 the twin be stand in front of '' the old man . stare at he . Buck and Ben come up behind they . buck happy birthday , sir . there ! 's no. response . ~ BEN '' he ? 's probably hard of hearing . buck ( louder ) Le barpy birthday . a no - response . int . lodge . wide . 109 the song end . there 's a round of applause and another tune begin . Roman . be offer he : rumaki around the room . ' chet - ( to wally ) . - let : '' what ! 's the bear dump , ' situation ? q gee eg ee the ue ) have ( continued ) '' pi gl 109 continued : . -. feo wally . we get a good one : . one of the _ best in the state , , actually . Roman come over and join they . roman this hick be gobble up my rumaki like there 's no tomorrow . chet hick ? roman what do you want I to call they ? german industrialist ? I say hick with affection . chet i.was just talk to wally here about the bear dump . what do you say we run the kid over there ? Roman stare at Chet like he 's 's ' lose he mind . roman what the hell for ? to watch bear eat rubbish ? that sound about as amusing as stir roofing tar with you . pecker . chet : the. kid - always seem to like it . roman lf they do not ' know about it , they ! will never miss it . unless you shot you '' mouth off already . - Chet do not respond . - roman . ( to the bartender ) room charge to ripley . Chet give he a look . he reach into he pocket and pay cash for the drink . ah up - tempo tune begin 's ( land of a thousand dance ) . _ roman ( to kate ) - '' x¥ou. wanna.give it a.whirh ?.... - ( continued ) 109 continued : ' op. 6l al 109 , 7 . kate : tt! = too. fast for I dnd this shoe . : " roman . - @ how ' bout you , con. wanna ride old ' a : uncle Roman 's knee ? it 's a joke , '' " Chester . . . _ ( to connie} . come on . he take she hand , lead she out on the dance floor . Chet do not like it . kate look at he and smile . int . lodge dance floor -~ roman and connie dance . int . lodge bar . kate and Chet watch the dance from the bar . kate you hate he , do not you ? . chet + me? no. not at all . what would make you think a thing like that ? kate he think you do . chet e well , that 's he problem . kate het 's only try to do right . '' int . '' lodge dance floor - ' nicht . Roman and connie be ' dance . int . lodge - kate and chet '' they be continue ' they conversation . kate he really like you , Chet . I know that sound odd , but it 's true . : chet what 's he 's like about I , kate ? he knock everything I do . kate va. sdon ' -& know . he 's say 's che : aike you . chet , I can not .. think of . one thing about that Roman - kate '' she 's at '' the other era of the 's int . lodge dance floor a . 110 Roman and connie be rip up the place . nr. '' lodge . ' old 's man , 00 111 the id be still try to talk to the old man . buck : sprechen sie deutsch ? Chet walk up . he put he 's hand on the old man 's shoulder . chet Sir , my sincerest congratulation . ( to the kid ) do you wish Mr. tompkin a happy birthday ? ' buck - about six hundred time . he must be deaf or something . chet I will tell you what , I would like to get a snapshot of you guy with Mr. tompkin . ( to the old 's man ) would you mind , sir ? '' . there 's ' no’ response . int . lodge . bar wally and . juanita be at the bar . wally see Chet talk to ' the’ : ola man . -- he - pake ~ juanita . ' she look . there Pov Chet have the kid position around the old man . he 's put the twin on he lap . wally and juanita wally 's worried . he leave the bar to join Chet . kate . shé 's watch the dance floor . a tinge of sadness on she face . her pov dance . floor ( continued ) 112 '' @he twin aré yésting on his knee . - wea to phbe gl , '' continued ! = pos et ce ub . 'o roman.and connie be have a ball . ayn . nopee-chbt a 112 he 's : fiddling with he camera . . wally walk up to he . . : chet go easy on he , girl . he 's old . ( to wally ) : hey , wally . you look sharp in you suit and tie . wally the pants be run up the butt something fierce but I will get by . listen , Chet , I do not like they youngster crawl all over Mr. tompkin like that . he be not .a ' jungle gym . ' chet . : they be be real gentle . they be sweet kid . this be marvelous what you be do here for the old guy . wally - yeah , but I do not want they . kid mess he up . . chet . '' a '' Buck ? '' you and Ben squeeze in real '' close therew 7 '' se ' old man bend down , almost cheek ' to cheek with the old geezer . buck * dad ! hurry up ! ( chet and wally wally " 's ' very nervous abéut the phato : Chet 's have trouble frame the picture properly . . chet . ny - hold . you horse , Buck ... 10 > . : wally : ripley ; hurry : up with you . i and get they , kid aw : '' + ( continued ) : p.61d . '' y 12 * cénernuegd : @ , chet 1 he do not mind . . wally - no , but I do . '' 1212 chet why do you mind ? wally because I get a big party go on here and I be do real good with the bar sale and the boy from the newspaper be here cover it and the 's lot of good publicity . chet what do that have to do with I take a picture ? wally I ' and Bill get a secret that would spoil everything if word of it get '' out . eo chet Excuse I . Buck ! get in a little closer . Girls ! closeer . old man and kide '' Chet line up the shot . . a chet - . . a '. ) Girls ! : give he a little kiss ! . , wally you do not want they to do that , Chet . chet aw , it 's fine . it 's cute . what old man do not like . a kiss from a little girl ? oo wally . a dead one . chet eo ... _. , run ? . font en ea etd ao wally : eo Bill die in the gar on the way '' over here . ~ . the be . ( continued ) age 113 114 115 '' contenuede ce eee Chet ereezes . the music end . omitted omitted ! int . lodge dance floor Roman and connie end the dance with Roman 's knee jamme between connie 's leg . she dismount he as if he leg be a saddle . roman how the heck do that happen ? he laugh and put he arm around connie . roman you be the great , con . Chet and kate have miss the end of the dance . Ben and the twin have join , they . BEN dad , can we go ? if one more old lady kiss I , I be gonna puke . ' Roman and connie return . roman that be . a good workout . oe - connie I be exhaust . '' chet wocei . * connie ? - I think we be ready : to ‘head for the dump . connie do not let the kid get out of the car . chet you be sure you do not want . to come '' along ? Roman put he arm around both woman . '' st roman - ee bow ine ! ' il keep you 's seat warm . consiie throw : Chet a- kiss . he sigh and exit . '' 112 116 ' 11 ? 62. ext . bear dump - niget 116 '' half a dozen scraggly bear be rummage through a heap of fresh trash . a semi-circle of park car rim the dump . the bear go about they filthy forage in the light of a dozen set of car headlight . '' ind 's chet 's S wagon -' cbet d000 " tr they alg Chet 's at the wheel . + . ccontinued ) i117 118 63 . continued : 117 chet will you look at the size of that huge guy ? [ i will bet you be scared , huh ? Chet look over and see Ben try to dial in a radio station . he look over the seat . the twin be sound asleep in the back . chet he breathes a annoyed sigh . chet come on , kid , look at the bear . geez , we drive all the way out here , Ben look up . BEN they be great , dad . he go back to the radic . Chet drum he finger on the steering wheel . he get a idea . chet benny ? look in the glove compartment and see if there be any candy bar leave . Ben groan and look in the glove compartment . he pull out a wrinkle paper bag ( travel food ) and leok inside . he hand it to Chet . he reach inside and pull out a Zagnut . chet ( continue ) watch this , guy . Chet open the car door . BEN dad ! chet it 's all right , watch . ext . car - night 118 Chet get out of the car . 119 121 122 123 64 . ext . dump - bear 119 they look around at Chet . ext . car 129 Chet open the candy bar and toss it to the bear . ext . dump - bear 121 the bear fight over the candy bar . ext . car 122 Chet open another candy bar and lay it on the hood of the car right below the windshield . BEN dad ! Chet jump in the car as the bear approach the car . int . car 123 Chet slam the door and look over at ben. chet we will get a good look at this guy now . they all lean forward as one of the bear tongue the candy bar off the front of the hood . chet ( continue ) be this exciting or what ? look at the size of that tooth . a bear lumber up on the hcod . chet ( continue ) oh , no ! the paint ! not ! Chet knock on the glass with he knuckle in a point - less attempt to get the bear off the hood . another climb up . chet ( continue ) get off there ! go on ! shoo ! ( continued ) 123 124 125 126 127 65 . continued : 123 Ben lean back as the bear ignore Chet and come closer . he Pov one bear tongue up the candy bar below the windshield . then it look in the window . the other bear join he . int . car - chet and BEN 124 they be terrify . out the side window , more bear have appear . there Pov the bear be claw the windshield , try to get the candy bar . it draw a paw back and pound the wind - shield . int . car 125 Chet quickly start the engine . chet see enough ? BEN yep. chet good . Chet start the car . ext . dump 126 Chet slowly back out of the semi-circle with two bear on he hood , and one on the roof and several more on either side . int . another car 127 another family of bear- watcher be look at Chet 's car with the bear on the hood . there Pov Chet give they a smile as he back out of the circle . as if he do not have bear all over he car . bo so 130 131 ext . dump Chet put the car forward and pull ahead . the bear be still on the hood . the car be scratch and the window streak with bear slobber . int . car Chet 's try to look around the bear as he pull forward . BEN dad ? I think it 's illegal to drive with a bear on you hood . ext . dump Chet 's car be drive in a big , wide circle with the irate bear on the car and other walk alongside . ext . highway - night - later the station wagon approach and pass . we see the bear that be on the roof be still there . 130 132 int . car Chet 's frinning . he sneak a glance at Ben , to see if he approve . BEN it be reckless and insane , dad . chet only for a moment . BEN be this something you would rather not have uncle Roman know about ? chet probably . only because he 's a little yellow inside , you know . he talk big but it be a good thing he do not come tonight . he would ha have be scared to death . BEN he be a fighter pilot , be not he ? chet nobody every actually see hin fly . ( change the subject ) hey ! do you hear that noise ? BEN what noise ? chet that big thump ! qo do not Chet glance back at the twin . you know what ? I will bet one of that bear jump cn the back of the car ! oe roll he eye . 66.1 132 134 135 ext . town - carnival - night Buck 's wander through the crowd at the carnival in town . he 's search for cammie . closedp ~ suck he 's worried he will not find she . he look around . no cammie anywhere . int . lodge - night Roman , kate , connie , wally and juanita be bomb . they be sing a slurry , acappella version of " it 's only make believe . '' the party 's over . ext . cabin ~ night the station wagon pull in through the tree . once again , Chet get the car stick . he have to back up and try again . 133 134 135 we 136 137 138 67 . ext . lodge - night 136 Roman , connie and kate stumble out of the lodge . roman hey ! hey ! it 's Chester and the Auto part bear ! all three laugh . ext . car - night 137 Chet 's stand at the scratch and dirty car , watch - ing the drunken trio stagger through the tree . chet come on out , guy . the kid pile out . Chet close the door and walk to the cabin . we see that the bear be still on the car roof . int . cabin - SUN porch - night 138 Chet 's sit at the table , play solitaire . the woman be in the bedroom cackle with laughter as they get the kid ready for bed . Roman 's in the bath - room . he stumble out of the bathroom and weave to the porch and slump down in a chair . roman run over any bear ? Chet stare at he . roman ( continue ; turn serious ) let I discuss something with you . seriously . let 's set aside the clowning around and the bear joke and talk serious . we go back quite a way , do not we ? chet a little too far for my taste . roman come on , you do not mean that . we be very tight for in - law , be not we ? I be very proud of the relationship we have . anyway , pal , while the girl be inside , 1 want to run a few thing by you . money . ( continued ) 138 68 . continued : 138 chet I do not want to talk about money with you , Roman . roman it 's important , Chet . chet not to I . roman well , it be to I and I need to talk about something with you ... something that will pull you down some coin . he drop the subject as kate and connie stumble out . roman ( continue ; to Chet ) later . connie Chet , honey ? how be the bear ? chet just fine . kate Chet ? be you mad that we do not go with you ? chet no . we have a good time . connie look at Roman and kate . connie we should have go . Roman and kate break up . connie ( continue ; to Chet ) what would you do ? Chet set the card aside . he brighten at they interest . chet it be great . ( more ) ( continued ) 138 139 continued : 69 . ( 2 ) 138 chet ( cont 'd ) you know that candy bar we bring to eat in the car ? TI put a couple on the heod . and the bear come right up and eat they . roman ( mock he ) no! chet he sure do . roman be you scared ? chet I be not finish . the damn bear like the candy bar so much ... roman what kind ? chet Zagnut . roman qco ! they be good . would you put one on the hood for I ? connie I do not want candy bar . I want real food . kate Roman ? roman I have get some Gulf shrimp in the frig . chet one of they be right up on the windshield . ( make a fist ) he draw he big , old paw back and ... they get up and leave Chet with he story untold . ext . dock - night 139 Chet walk to the end of the dock . we hear the cackling of kate , connie and Roman fade in the distance . Chet lean against a pile and stare out across the lake . he feel a complete failure . 140 ext . cabin - night Buck walk up the road from the lodge . i4l ext . dock - night Chet 's look out across the water . buck ( 0.s. ) dad ? Chet turn . Buck walk down the dock to Chet . buck ( continue ) what be you do ? chet just enjoy the night air . buck oh. chet how be you night ? buck it be okay . chet you do not want to elaborate ? buck not particularly . chet you want to go out in the boat ? buck in the dark ? chet we will take the rowboat and just go out and look at the star . sound like fun ? buck not really . 142 ext . cabin - night the bear that code back with Chet be sniff around the station wagon . he still want the candy bar . 70 . 140 I ee im 142 143 144 145 146 147 7 . int . cabin - night 143 kate stagger to the stair . connie fumble to she room . kate Roman ? take the trash out before you come to bed . I do not want to wake up with the place smell like shrimp . roman Chet will do it . he like do that sort of thing . kate just do it . Roman stagger into the kitchen . ext . cabin - night 144 the bear be up on he hind leg , try to get he paw through the vent window . ext . porch - night 145 Roman walk out with a trash bag . he lift a rock off the top of one of the garbage can and dump the trash inside . he put the lid back on and turn as he hear the bear . roman Chet ? he Pov the bear stand at Chet 's car . his shape look vaguely human . to Roman 's blurred and futze sense , it look like Chet . unsteady , in and out of focus . ext . cabin - niget 146 Roman stumble down the porch . roman let 's talk , huh ? ext . lake - night 147 the rowboat 's sit out in the lake . we hear Chet and Buck . ( continued ) 147 148 72 . continued : 147 chet beautiful sky . we do not have this kind of sky at home . buck yeah , we do , we just can not see it . the building be hide it . ext . boat - night 148 Buck and Chet be sit at opposite end of the boat , head look back at the star . a big flashlight be rest upright on the middle bench seat of the row - boat . it throw a shaft of light into the sky . chet someday maybe you will be bring you kid up here . buck maybe . the conversation die . Buck have something on he mind . buck ( continue ) dad ? chet yeah ? buck I be kind of wrestle with a concept and maybe you can help I out . chet T will do my best . buck what do you do when you find something that you really sort of love and you know you have to leave in a week ? chet be it a live thing ? buck yeah . ( continued } 148 continued : 73 . 148 chet first of all you have to take care of it . you have to make sure you poke enough hole in the lid of the jar you have it in . I have this same conversation with Ben and the toad he find . then you have to feed it fly or bug or worm or whatever it eat . and you have to give it water and clean the jar from time to time . buck my question be more about what do you do when you have to leave . chet you have to let it out of the jar . you can not take it home , if that 's the next question . it would not be fair . everything have its place and you creature 's place be here . buck I really like she , dad . chet sure you do , and that 's alright , but ... it 's a she ? buck yeah . chet do not you have to look in they rear end with a magnify glass ? Chet freeze . buck what ?! chet how do you tell the sex of a frog ? buck she 's not a frog , dad . she 's a girl . chet you meet a girl ? * ( continued ) 148 continued : 74 . ( 2 ) 148 buck yeah . chet why would you lek I go on about jar and bug and air hole ? buck I understand what you be get at . chet oh . well , it still apply . not the bug and worm but how you have to deal with a person you meet on a trip . she can not come home with you and you can not stay here . it 's easy to get you heart break and to break hers if you be realistic about the situation and honest with each other . buck maybe . chet you think about it and come to you own conclusion . you have my two cent but the decision 's yours . buck thanks , dad . chet no problem . Chet lean back and smile at Buck . Buck smile . feel slightly embarrassed . buck what ? chet one day you be little bucky with the g.i . Joe 's and the next you be with girl . buck this should not be a surprise to you , dad , this have be happen to people for a million year . ( continued ) 148 continued : ( 3 ) chet I know , but it have not be happen to I and you for a million year . I want to give you something . buck dad , please do not kiss I in a boat under a full moon . chet forget the kiss . I want to give you my ring . : buck why ? chet because my dad give it to I and now you be grow up and I want to give it to you . Chet remove a ring from he finger . he hand it to Buck . he examine it . chet ( continue ) we will get it resize when we get back home . buck what about Ben ? chet I will give he something when he 's old enough . buck we come up to the wood be like you father bring you up to the wood . that make sense , I guess . be hand the ring back to Chet . Chet lean forward to take it . sudden shift in weight distribution . knee . closeup - buck' hand the ring fly out of Buck 's hand . 75 . 148 the boat rock with the Chet fall to he ( continued ) 148 149 through 153 als4 b1s54 154 76 . continued : ( 4 ) 148 closeup - water the ring splashes down in the water . ext . boat Chet grab the flashlight and shine it in the water . chet shoot ! omitted 149 through 153 underwater alls4 the ring sink . closeup - chet b1ls4 look over the side of the boat . yet another defeat . ext , wood - closeup - bear ~ night 154 a male black bear . closeup - roman drunk , slurry . ext , wood - bear and roman ~ night they be sit on a fall tree . Roman 's talk to the bear think it 's chet. Roman 's wind . roman you move pretty good for a guy who do not work out . the bear grunt . roman ( continue ) bless you . ( more ) ( continued ) 154 77 . continued : 154 roman ( cont 'd ) anyway , get back to what I be say on the porch before , in my opinion , you 'ra a little toc conservative with you cash . the bear snort . roman ( continue ) have you be eat raw hot dog again ? you breath could seduce a swarm of fly off a manure pile . he reach into he pocket for he binaca spray . roman ( continue ) open up . closeup - bear it open its mouth as Roman 's hand come into frame with the mouthwash spray . a couple of short blast in the mouth . ext . wood - roman and the bear - night Roman put the binaca back . roman if you give I twenty - five grand , in six month I will have a hundred for you . sound good ? ( sniff ) you be take this wilderness thing a bit far , be not you ? I can not imagine connie go to bed with you smell like you do . the bear growls . roman ( continue ) do not get you nipple in a twist , I be just point something out . i£ you want to smell like a goddam bear , it 's fine with I . ( continue ) there 's a immediate opportunity come up and if we be go to move , we have to move fast . what do you say ? ( continued ) 154 @ 155 '' 156 157 78 . continued : ( 2 ) 154 the bear knock Roman to the ground . he pick himself up . roman ( continue ) hey ! what 's the big idea ? if you do not want to invest , just tell I , do not go smack I when L be not look ! you just cool off , pal . I be go back to the cabin . I suggest you do the same . we will talk when you learn to channel you aggression a little better . he storm off . the bear watch he go . int . master bedroom - night ( later ) 155 Buck and Ben be in bed . there 's a knock on the window . Buck sit up . there 's another knock . he climb out of bed and walk cautiously to the window . another knock . he nervously take the drape in he hand and yank it open . it 's cammie . Buck 's startle . he yank the drape shut . he look at himself in he underwear . he grab he pants and throw they on . ext . cabin - night 156 Buck climb out he window . cammie help he . buck what be you do here ? cammie you do not find I . buck I could not . there 's a uncomfortable pause in the conversation . buck ( continue ) so what should we do ? ext . lake - boat - night 157 the rowboat 's afloat in the middle of the lake . Bob - bing gently . 158 159 '' 160 79 . int . boat - night 158 cammie and Buck be in the boat . cammie go back to Chicago ? buck four day . cammie you know , I have never have a boyfriend for longer than two week . that 's why I be such a dick to you the first night . and that 's why I do not understand what I be do with you here . buck I have never really have a girlfriend . honest . I have date girl , but I have never have one I would call a girlfriend . cammie what would you call I ? Buck look at she and smile . buck lend . cammie and you be leave in four day . see what I mean ? buck yeah . cammie well ? so what 's it mean ? buck life be tough ? cammie lean forward and kiss Buck . ext . cabin ~ night 159 light off . everyone 's asleep . ext . porce - night 160 the raccoon return to the back porch and the garbage once again , they chirp be translate . ( continued ) 160 161 through 163 164 165 166 continued : mother raccoon look at that . a rock on top of the can . the oldest trick in the book . baby raccoon Mom ? do I have to be a racccon when I grow up . I hate work night . mother raccoon do not be ridiculous . you father work night -- before he get hit by that truck . you grandfather work night , and you will work night . you be nocturnal , and that 's final . now , get up there , and knock that rock off ! omitted ext . go - cart track - day a scummy go - cart track and drive range . up . ext . track - buck he 's in a go-cart fly around a turn . ext . track - BEN he 's right on Buck 's tail . ext . track ~- chet he 's racing with the boy . ext . drive range - roman ~ day he tee up a ball and drive . ext . track - day Chet , Ben and Buck zipping around a turn . the lead . 80 . 160 i6l through 163 164 music come Chet 165 166 take 167 169 81 . ext . drive range - roman — day 167 he tee up another ball . take a swing . a massive slice . the ball sail the sideline fence . th ext . track - finish line - day 168 the cart come into the home stretch , head for tne finish . ext . track - chet he edge past Buck to take the lead . he look over he shoulder as he pass he . he look back . a look of shock . he fov Roman 's golf ball hit the track and take a hard bounce into camera . closeup - chet grab he face after be strike by the ball . ext . track Chet 's go-cart fly across the finish line and drill into the wall of tree surround the track . ext , wood - riding trail - day 169 Roman , Buck , Ben , connie , kate and the twin cross on horseback . beautiful forest trail . calm , old trail horse . ext . trail - day Chet 's alone on the trail . his horse refuse to move . Chet look up ahead . he Pov the other rider disappear around a bend . ( continued ) 169 170 82 . continued : 169 ext . trail - day Chet slap he horse on the rump . closeup - horse it turn and try to bite Chet . closeup - chet he rear back to avoid a bite . he climb down off the horse . ext . trail - day Chet try to pull the horse down the trail . it resist completely . Chet yank and pull . the horse nip at he . he threaten to punch the horse . it nip again . Chet 's furious . he walk over to a sapling and pull a branch off . . closeup - horse look back over he shoulder . he Pov Chet approach with the branch . closeup - horse turn back and take off . ext . trail - day Chet 's leave on the trail with the branch in he hand . ext . stable - day 1760 Roman , connie , kate and the twin , Buck and Ben be sit outside the barn sip soft drink . they be wait for chet. Roman see he and point . there Pov Chet stagger out of the forest cover with burr , soak with sweat , streak with dirt . 83 . 171 int . drive - in - cammie - day 171 she 's sit on a stool pick at she sneaker . @ she 's deject and sad . a buzzer go off . she groan and slide off the stool . I ~ no 172 ext . orive - in - door - day cammie come out and stop . ext . drive - in - buck and cammie Buck 's at the door wait for she . buck what time be you off ? cammie nine . buck I will meet you at ten . cammte where ? e buck I do not know . I be not from around here . cammie the bait shop . buck I will buy you some worm . cammie you will not ditch I ? buck why would I ditch you ? cammie I be just wait for it to happen . buck if I ditch you , you have my permission never to speak to I as long as the both of we shall live . e cammie kiss he . buck ( continue ) thanks . 84 . 173 ext . restaurant ~ night 173 Paul bunyon 's cupboard . a seedy tourist trap with a @ giant Paul bunyon and Babe he blue ox stand guard over the parking lot . 174 int . restaurant - night 174 loud , bright and North Woods garish . the motif be Paul bunyon and everything in the place be over-size . Big table and chair , six inch tall salt and pepper shaker , foot long fork and knife . Waitress in excess of six foot tall , basketball player busboy , a seven foot tall bartender . 175 int . restaurant ~ chet' table ~ night 175 Chet , connie , Ben , Buck , kate , Roman and the twin be at a huge table . the aduit look like child with they foot dangle above the floor , the child lock like infant . a tower waitress be take they order . chet I will have the Royal canadian . mounted barley noodle beef Soup to @ start , the bucket of salad and the medley of perch . waitress alrighty . roman ( refer to menu ) miss ? what 's the Old ' s6er ? waitress that be we world famous Paul bunyon 's Blue ox steak . it be a 96 ounce prime , age beef steak . and if you or any member of you party order the Old ' 96er and finish , everybody eat for free . roman ( to Chet ) wanna go for it ? chet we be fine , thanks . @ she leave the table with a spunky smile . * { continued ) i7 continued : 85 . 175 alternative dialogue waitress ( to Chet ) grapefruit or tomato juice ? chet neither , thank you . waitress it come with dinner . chet no thank you . waitress it 's very good for you . chet no thank you . waitress tomato ? chet I do not care for ... waitress I will bring it and if you do not like it , you do not have to drink it . dust try a little . connie intercede to avoid a argument . connie he will have the tomato juice . ( continued ) 175 176 86 . continued : ( 2 ) 17s chet {to Roman ) you be sure you bring you wallet ? roman ( appeal to the woman ) there he go again . ( pull out he wallet ) accuse I . I do not know how much more of this character assassination I can take . connie Chet ? chet I be just check , honey . roman I have never once in my life question you integrity , Chet . and it cut I pretty deep that you question mine . Chet feel bad . chet sorry . roman I hope so , Chester . I be hurt . he put he arm around kate . roman ( continue ; I think we be all hurt . {to the twin ) Girls ? be you hurt ? they look at Roman and shriek . roman ( continue ; to Chet ) from the mouth of babe , Chester . ext . cabin ~ night 176 the raccoon waddle up the perch step . they stop . ( continued ) 176 177 87 . continued : 176 there Pov the garbage can be go . raccoon puzzle . more translation . baby raccoon where be the garbage can ?! mother raccoon he probably put they in the cabin . baby raccoon garbage in the cabin ? mother raccoon they be not the cleanest species on the face of the earth , you know . it 's not a problem . we will just have to break in . baby raccoon can we do that ? mother raccoon why do you think we have this wonderfully articulate finger ? to scratch we ass ? int . restaurant - family - night 177 dinner be over . the check have come . Chet 's look at it . he happily hand it across the table to Roman . chet you treat , right ? roman absolutely , Chet . he take out he wallet . the waitress cruise by . Roman hand she he american Express card . waitress we do not take credit card . Roman look across at Chet . {continued ) e 177 88. continued : 177 chet : look like you will have to pay cash . roman ( worried ) I do not have any cash . chet do not look at I . I do not bring my wallet . there 's no way I be get stick with you treat . roman I never stick you with anything in my life . connte Chet would not let I bring my purse . closeup ~ waitress she eye the proceedings with annoyed suspicion . closeup ~ roman he 's truly worried . roman Chet ? we can not pay the bill . closeup ~ chet he shrug . he 's delighted . closeup - roman he look up at the waitress . roman I wonder if you would let I run home and get some cash . closeup - waitress a cold stare . a long pause . she turn back and call . waitress jimbo ? 178 179 1890 18l 182 eg . int . kitchen - night 178 the biggest , meanest , baddest man in the world , jimbo , step out the swinging door to the kitchen . he 's wear ~ ing a bloody meat apron . he 's hold a cleaver . closeup - roman turn and look . the blood drain from he face as he see jimbo . closeup ~ chet his smugness turn to fright as he look at the beast in the kitchen door . closeup - roman he turn back to Chet . roman Chet ? I have a idea . closeup - chet he do not know what Roman 's get at . int . restaurant - meat locker ~ night 179 a heavy refrigerator door . a sign read ... " home of tre old ' 96er . " the door slowly open on a room fill with icy mist . the mist clear to reveal , with great drama , a single , massive steak hang from a hook in the center of the locker . omitted 1890 closeup - grill 181 the giant four inch slab of meat slam down on the hot grill . the grill shudder under the impact . closeup - buck 182 he 's worried about the time . he look at he watch . insert ~ watch it read 8:45 . 183 184 185 90 . closeup - clock 183 it read 8:45 . ext . dock + bait shop cammie 's sit on a cooler on the porch . she look up at the rusting beer company clock . closeup - the old ' 96er 184 hot off the grill , bubbling and crackling and massive . int . restaurant - table - chet 185 the Old ' 96er be sit before he . a crowd be gather around the table . Chet be stunne by the size of the steak . he look at connie as if he 's go to be put to death . he look at the kid . Buck give he the thumb -up . Roman open a packet of sweet 'n low into hig coffee . Chet pick up he knife and fork . he take a deep breath and make the initial cut into the steak . the crowd lean forward as Chet bring the first bite to he mouth . he open and consume . the war have begin . closeup - chet he 's chew the bite , slowly and with some effort . int . restaurant - later 186 Chet have he jacket off , sleeve roll up . the crowd have not diminish but have relaxed . closeup - steak it 's half - finish . closeup - chet weary , tired and certainly full . he bring a bite to he mouth . he hold it before he open mouth . a long beat . closeup - jimbo he smile think Chet 's have it . ( continued ) 186 187 188 gl . continued : 186 closeup - chet he put the bite in he mouth and continue . ext . dock / bait shop 187 cammie 's still wait . she look at she watch again . int . restaurant 188 Chet 's sit back in he chair . Roman be rub he bulg belly . roman do not give up , big guy . Chet groan . Roman put he head to Chet 's belly and listen . : closeup - roman he 's disturb to hear what appear to be scream . closeup ~ buck look at he watch . insert - watch tt read 9:32 . int . restaurant - chet and roman - night Roman attempt to bolster Chet with a key fact . roman te you fail , we still owe the dinner tab plus $ 141.50 for the steak . I have a feel if this jimbo guy get stiffe on the bill and he big steak , he will beat up the wife and rape we . Chet lean forward , fall on he elbow . he grab he knife and fork . {continued ) 188 92 . continued : 188 closeup - connie she 's afraid Chet might split open . closeup - steak plate all that remain be a one - inch square bite and a ribbon of fat . the fork spear the last bite . closeup - chet he 's nearly catatonic . sweating like a Coke bottle in nevada in August . Roman bring the fork up to he mouth . roman open up , pal ! come on . here come the airplane ! open the airport ! it 's a nice little lear jet with the Chairman of the Federal resérve on hoard . open wide . Chet look up at Roman with bloodshot eye . his mouth drop open . Roman put the piece in he mouth . and close it . int . restaurant - night as Chet chew , Roman walk over to jimbo . roman I think that do it . jimbo he 's not do yet . roman he may take a while on that last bite but it will go down . jimbo that be not the last bite . roman sure it be . all that 's leave on the plate be a bunch of fat . jimbo smile . Roman lean back in alarm . his eye shift to Chet . 189 190 191 192 193 93 . ext . restaurant ~- later 189 the door fly open and Chet stagger out to the applause of the other diner . the family come out behind Chet . the kid be wear big lumberjack hat . Chet 's wear a T-shirt ... " I eat a ' 96er . " he wander to the car and lean against it . he suck in the night air . connie comfort he . Roman slap he on the back . . . roman iwas just talk to jimbo and here 's the kicker , Chet . they do not take credit card but they do take personal check . I could have write a check for the whole thing . closeup - chet he look up at Roman . he want to kill . he curl he lip and snarl . ext . dock ~ night 190 cammie 's give up on Buck . she sigh and slide off the cooler . '' cammie never again will I do this to myself . they get what they want and they be go . ext , cabin - night ( later ) . 191 Roman 's car pull up in front of the cabin . Buck get out and run to the dock . Roman get out . connie , kate and the twin get out . Chet 's door open and he leg drop out . he bellow in pain . ext . dock / bait shop ~- night 192 Buck run down to the dock . he stop as he see cammie 's go . buck shit! int . cabin ~- night 193 it 's dark . the back door open . Roman 's help Chet in the door . he flip on the light . ( continued ) 193 a194 194 195 196 197 94 . continued : 193 roman Holy Jesus ! there Pov the raccoon have break into the house and tear the garbage bag open . there 's rubbish all over the kitchen . int . buck' room - night a194 he 's lay in bed feel miserable about miss cammie . ext . cabin - night 194 it 's dark . light out . int . cabin - live room igs something 's fly around the room . a furious flutter - ing noise . int . bedroom - night 196 connie and Chet in bed . there 's a scream from the next room . Chet leap out of bed , slam into the night - stand , howl with pain and grab he foot . int . live room , 197 kate burst cut of the bedroom . Roman fly out after she . roman what 's the matter ?! kate it touch I ! roman twenty year it 's be touch you and you never freak out ! kate not you ! a thing ! ( continued ) 197 198 al9d 199 200 201 95 . continued : 197 Chet stumble into the room . the kid stumble out . connie flip on the light . roman what thing ? kate nscream } that thing ! closeup ~ bat fly into camera . ext . cabin - night : 198 everybody scramble out of the cabin , scream and shiver with fear and revulsion . once safely outside they calm down . roman Jesus , Marie . it 's a little tiny fly mouse . it 's not a grizzly bear . kate I be mot go back in there until you get it out . omitted Al s9 & . 199 int . cabin - night 200 Roman and Chet peek in the door . they listen care - fully , determine that it 's safe and scamper across the live room to Roman 's room . they slam the door shut . they cummage around in the room . ext . cabin - night 201 the family wait outside . kate bat carry raby , do not they ? connte among other thing . 204 205 206 207 through 2i1 98 . continued : 204 int . live room - night Roman smack Chet in the head . a clean , hard blow that knock Chet off he foot . the basket go fly . ext . cabin - night 205 Roman emerge from the cabin with the stunne bat lay ~ ing on he racket . he pull off the pantyhose . ( applause ) _ roman killer forehand ! Roman come down off the porch . he flip the bat in the air and whacks it into the wood . he hold he arm open . kate hug he . connie where 's Chet ? roman he do not have the stomach for this sort of thing . he 's probably in the bathroom wretch . int . cabin - bathroom - night 206 Chet 's stand at the mirror stare at he face and the red wicker pattern on he cheek . he reach in he mouth and wiggle a loose tooth . Buck poke he head in the door . buckx dad ? you can come out now , it 's okay . uncle Roman cream the bat . Chet stare at he . buck ( continue ) it 's alright , dad . it scared the crap out of I , too . he exit . Chet turn back to the mirror . once again do in and humiliate by Roman . omitted 207 through 2il 96 , 202 int . cabin ~ live room - niget 202 the bedroom door open and Chet walk out follow by Roman . they be wear bed sheet with slit tear in the middle . makeshift ponchos . Chet have a wicker waste basket over he head with a slat tear for he eye . Roman 's wear pantyhose over he head . sock on they hand . they be armed with tennis racket . chet you go to one end , I will go to the other . roman check . they cautiously separate and take position at either side of the room . they search for the bat . chet where be he ? roman hiding . turn off the light . chet why ? roman they be nocturnal . maybe he think it 's daytime . Chet turn off the overhead light . the room fall dark . . 203 ext . cabin - night 263 the family watch from outside . connie what 's go on ? roman ( 0.s. ) he 's play hard - to-get . chet ( 0.s. ) there he be ! the swish of a tennis racket and the crash of glass . chet ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) you get he ? 206 207 208 209 ext . lake . night will a int . cabin . bathroom 206 Chet 's stand at the mirror stare at he face and the red wicker pattern on he cheek . he reach in he mouth and wiggle a loose tooth . Buck poke he head in the door . wae buck dad ? you can come out now , it 's okay . uncle Roman cream the bat . Chet stare at he . buck it 's alright , dad . it scared the crap out of I , too . he exit . Chet turn back to the mirror . cnce again do in and humiliate by Roman . ext . cabin . niget . b> oo 1 a light go on . we hear Chet inside . chet let 's go ! move dt out . it 's z hing ooter shove minute . rise and at ‘em . we oo will ext . dcck - Chet lead the drowsy parade down the deck to the boat . . roman eow be the fish suppose to see the bait in the dark , Chet ? chet they smell it . Boy , you do not know you ass from a anchor when it come to fishing , do you ? ny q oo it 's pitch dark . / chet alright ! bait you hook ! buc io can not see anything ! 204 97 . int . cabin - night 204 Roman pick up a break lamp . roman clocked the lamo . chet there he be ! Chet take a mighty swing . miss . Roman take a swat . miss . Chet swing . he clear the kitchen table . crash ! roman hit ? chet miss ! Roman wind up and swing . smack the coffee table . the ashtray shatter ! roman shit ! Chet wind up and swing . miss . the bat flutter back to Roman . he swing , miss , swing again , miss . roman ocontinue ) come on , you bastard ! his swing be bring he closer to Chet . he swing . Chet shriek and duck . chet watch it ! get back on you side ! Chet step back . Roman swing . Chet scream . chet ( continue ) he 's on my face ! Jesus ! shit ! he 's on my face ! closeup ~ roman he grit he tooth and wind up . roman dold still ! ( continued ) of F BEN dad ? I be have anxiety . roman this be the biggest worm I have aver enccunter . chet that be not worm . they be leech , roman Jesus God ! we hear roman gag . bucr I be not touch leech , dad . chet for Pete 's sake ! they do not bite . : BEN no , they suck blood ! . _ chet quit be so squeamish ! De you caza or mara complain ? roman Cara and mara do not come . bey BEN dad ? will you do mine ? chet cwl watch the hook ! ben! buck that 's my heck , dad . chet where 's Ben 's hook ? ow ! where 's the flashlight ? roman you owe I big for this one , Chet . 209 cont . 2160 98 209 cont . roman mavbe it 's lonely for you ring . ( laugh ) sorry , Chet . . ceet I be sure you be , Roman . come on , you guy . give I a leech . ( pause ) oh , ged ! buck you alright , dad ? chet no problem . everybody have a leech ? all yes . yep. right ... : chet on the count of three , insert you hook . one , two ... threel a beat and a four way gag . fade dcwn fade up ext . beach - marina . morning . to oo gather on at seme sight on the a large croup of they be stare i: shoreline . treir Pov . Chet 's rowboat Buck and Ben aza iseches . it st ext . marina docx ~ rain the man be unload +t : the boat and head down tie off the boat . Chet the kid clamber out c= reman jump out anc pon the deck . 99 chet it be dark when we go out have nothing whatsoever to do with wally not have the sense to to he anchor to the line . I have never hear of such a thing . how be I to know that when I throw the anchor over , it be not tie to anything ? well , for he stupidity , he 's out a anchor . I will be damned if I buy he a new one . i Roman glare at he . chet ( continue ) whyvdo not you go inside and have kate look at that leech bite on you leg . I will get this stuff . you relax a bit . we have a big afternoon ahead of we . roman .- tf we be not related by marriage , Chet , I would sue you dumb ass . tf have a wife and kid who depend on I for support . chet Roman , it be a accident . nothing happen . we wake up on a beach . roman what if we would érift the other way ? over the dam and we be dead . chet I be sorry . you better pal . you over like a gangbang at the V he storm down the deck . Chet hane back feel smaller and less significant than ever . ext . cabin . morning - rain ay the the 's dark and overcast . there 's a clap cf thunder . 212 213 214 215 99 . ext . cabin - morning 212 it 's dark and overcast . there 's a clap of thunder . it 's raining . int . cabin - day ( rain ) 213 the family 's sit around the live room and kit - chen , read papers , '' drink coffee . Ben 's try to get a station on the tv . Chet come out of the bed - room . we chet who want to go over to Route twelve and see Hitler 's shoe ? there 's no response . connie honey , it 's pour rain . chet it will break up . roman forecast call for rain today , tonight and tomorrow . chet I repeat , who want to go over to Route twelve and see Adolf Hitler 's actual shoe ? the one he wear during the bombing of London . it 's a bit of exciting history . no response . not even from the kid . chet ( continue ) a whole roomful of stick in the mud . the most evil man in modern time and not one of you care . he walk into the room with disgust and grab a section of newspaper . he sit down and open it . ext . cabin - day - later 214 the rain continue . int . cabin - closeup - card ~ day 2 fe wt connie 's deal herself solitaire . ( continued } 21 216 217 218 219 a220 100 . continued : 21 closeup ~ crossword puzzle kate 's work a crossword puzzle . closeup - finger the bored finger drum on the arm of a chair . omitted 216 int . cabin - day 217 everybody 's in the same position as before , except slump down a bit further . even more lax and bored . chet anybody want to go to the lodge and get drunk and / or play video game ? Roman sigh and get up . he walk into he room . int . bedroom - day 218 Roman dial a number on the cellular phone . de wait as it ring . ext . lodge - day 219 Chet , connie , kate , Buck , Ben and the twin be huddle at the door of the lodge . they be cover themselves from the rain with newspaper and umbrella . ext . lodge - day a sign on the door read , '' gone to the doctor . 3e back later . " Buck be around the corner on a pay phone . he call the drive - in . int . drive - in - day a220 the cook answer the phone . cammie refuse Buck 's eall . 220 a221 221 1ol . int . cabin - roman' bedroom - day 220 Roman 's talk on the cellular phone . roman hello ? Jerry ? Roman . what 's the word ? ( pause ) do not tell I that , Jerry . this be serious . Roman 's deeply disappointed . he sigh . a great look of worry pass over he face . roman ( continue ) in other word , you can not help I ? no way ? then I be screw . thanks for nothing . he disconnect the call . it 's difficult to vent you anger on a cellular phone hang up . Roman squeeze the " end " button mightily . ext . cabin - day a221 the rain come down . lightn flash . int . cabin 222 the family 's back in the live room . nothing 's any different than before except everyone 's hair be wet . roman kate , you be right . we should have go to Europe . chet he glance angrily at Roman . roman he flip play card on the table . roman this be the worst . he get up and walk into the kitchen . ( continued ) 221 102 . continued : 221 chet he watch Roman walk into the kitchen . chet nobedy force you to come up , Roman . Roman ignore Chet , further stoke Chet 's temper . chet ( continue ) , in fact , I do not recall anybody invite you . roman he 's at the refrigerator . he look back at Chet . he 's every bit as cranky as Chet . roman and what 's that suppose to mean , Chet ? connie she look at Roman . her temper 's as short as everyone else 's . connie you know damn well what he mean . kate shcot connie a angry look . kate ( to Roman ) I think they be try to say that we be not welcome , Roman walk back into the live room . roman now it come out . interesting , huh , Katie ? kate very . roman we come up here , throw aside we own plan , come up here to heip this dead ass learn how to enjoy themselves ... ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) 221 chet you gotta be kid ! roman Chester , you would not know a geod time if it walk up to you and yank three time on you pecker . buck and BEN they look at each other with surprise . int . live room the parent glare angrily at each other . chet you have get a lot of nerve , you know that , Roman ? roman it 's serve I well , Chester . I be the one with the mercede . chet be it pay for ? roman jealous , Chester ? chet you call I Chester one more time , Roman , you will go home with a dent in you forehead . kate ( to Chet ) hal that will be the day . chet you want one to match he , kate ? Buck intervene . buck dad ? take it easy , okay ? roman thanks , bucky . {continued ) 221 continued : ( 3 } 221 buck {to Roman ) bite the Big one , uncle Roman . Buck sit down . connie : do not talk to adult that way , Buck . roman it 's rude . connie blow it out you ass , Roman ! kate Roman , why do not we just get outta here ? roman good idea . they head for the bedroom . chet nyell at the door ) do not steal any of we stuff ! the bedroom door open and kate look out . kate what stuff be there to steal ?! connie we get stuff . kate you be a louse ! connie go find yourself a spin cycle ! kate slam the door close . Chet put he arm around connie . she 's sputtering with anger . chet calm down , hon . BEN dad ? ( continued ) 221 continued : ( 4 ) 221 yeah ? do this mean Christmas presen Roman ? will not gat a from uncle buck blow it out you ass , Ben . . connie nobody 's blow anything out they ass ! connie feel badly that the kid be see such a ugly famil she look connie and in lie . vy event . connie ( continue ) what 's happen tonight do not mean that daddy and I do not love uncle Roman and aunt kate . it just mean ... cset I would like to blow Roman cut my 4ss . iodo not wane so : anyone blow be ass ! you may as well blow the whole family cut you ass while you be at it , dad ! to Chet for helo . what mem mea. mean ... BEN unele Roman and aunt kate be incredible butthead . Chet lock at each other . there connie ' exactly . @ 2218 2213 kate and Roman come back out of the bedroom . roman one more thing yeu sen of a bitch ! about five year ago you borrow my slide projector ... czet to give it back . roman oh , really ? connte Te do n'e work . sound like Roman ! roman how would you like a bloody nese ? ceet I dare you . @ reuan draw he fisc . Roman and ches cuet i'm ready , you bastard ! connie chec! Sean itt ( to kate ) kate , if you have any sense , you will gec che hell auc of here righe naw ! kate push connie inea the kitchen . '' Mom waa righc . gle to gec along you know , conn you be impess with . connte take thac back ! oe I will noc ! connie draw she fisea . ~ c.u . - fist into camera . kate 221c revise ext . cabin porch - later chee 's hold a handkerchief fill with tee against connie 's forehead . ceet she 's get a mean jab , huh ? connie she 's always be a dirty fighter . Roman and kate walk out load with luggage . chet well , you finally catch the hint , huh ? you be leave . roman you wanna check we bag ? chet I doe not care to embarrass you . kate ( to connie ) well , thank you for ruin we vacation . connte . thank you . kate and the twin hurry through the rain to the car . hold back for a moment and glower act chac roman since this may be the last tine I have the pleasure of you company , there 's something I want to say . something I 'va always want to say . ( pause ) at kate and ay wedding on , you and you brathe not men' room . you a enouga to locx under xh 's for feec . but anyway , th Roman Chet swallow nervously as he try ts remember what he say . tear gather in Roman 's eye . roman ( continue ) you say to you brother that I be a slick , slimy hustler . I ‘'1l never fergec ic . ( continue ) losg 221c ( contd ) he take a deep breath and exit . connie and chet she lock at Chet . he feel terrible . BEN and buck they be stand in the door , they feel almost as bad . ext . cabin porch Chet sigh . he dcesn 's know what to do , he looss ac cannie apologetically . she understand and pat he on the back . roman he 's stand stock still in the rain . he turn . roman Chet ? you be right . you be dead on . for be slimy . I ama _ hustler . the mercede be oa a lease I can not pay , I be lose the house . I be break . chet and connie omit 222 - they be stunne . int . no room - Le Roman and chee be drink and talk . N iwas '' wovid 's worst coanodity trader . I lest my ass . and ay sister 's ass . chac , I be a loser . [ '' all show . my whole life 's be far show , all flash , no substance . man to the fireplace . # know how painful t look avay froa reo arrass far ronaa and makxe this admission . roman ( continue ) I be a phony , chee . from ay figeaen dollar counterfeic bally slip - and to ... chet well , jeez , Roman , I mean you have get some problec , gure , bur you have goc kate . ( continue ) 1osd . Roman look around ac Chet with a bitter smirk . 230 ( contd ) roman ch , yeah ? int , bedroom kate and connie be have a similar hearc - to-heart . . kate reman and I have not have sex in mine year . he literally make I sick to my stomach . I have see doctor ... connie bow she head . kate ( continue ) we may as vell be divorced . connie you put up a precty good front , kate . be you sure ... rate that 's it . it 's a frone . ie 's the only thing that keeo we from claw each other 's eye out . connte you honestly dean 's like h kate Da you ? a oo 3 be mw well ... kate toy with the ica cube in she tumbier . you know way ft Roman ? conn you be pregnant ? kate ha tell you ? int . lodge . bar reg be at the bar nursing a bar . a audden faeling of dread overtake he , his eye open wide in fear . a starm 's come . he bolt off he bar stool , @ 230c 230d 230e 230 F revise 12/21/87 biue lose . 230c ext . lodge os reg burst aut cf the lodge and head far the hill . 2305 int . cabin . live room the front dosr blew open . a flash of lighen and a cla ? of teunder . Roman and Chet leap from they geat . chee rush the door , another flash of lighen and a louder clap of thunder . chee slam the door shut and the cabin fall dark . 230e int . bedroom connie and kate be in the dark . connte what happen ? pp 230f int . live room . ie 's dark . cannie and kate scramble down the stair follow by Buck and Ben , Chet be rummage around in the itchen . chet where 's che flashlight ? buck what happen eo the light conn Chet ? roman we last paver , chet I tell you kid net to feel around with the flashlighc . roman you drop che flashiigh lake . chet that vas the big one . I have another . BEN the lase it see the little one , you be use it to make monster face . Ben 's right , Chet quickly move to protece he dignity . ( continue ) 230f ( conta chet do not be ridiculous . obviously someone 's lose it and now when we need it , it 's go . damn it ! Roman flick he Tiffany lighter . ie do not ignite . roman Son of a bitch ! $ 110 for a lighter and it do not work , Chet flick he bic . chet 79 '' ( the connie ) do we have any candle ? connie do I bring any ? probably . tf always pack candle when we travel . Chet glare ac she . another flash of lightning and the accompany clap of thunder . chee 's lighter go out . ie 's completely dark . a beat and the lighter spark . a fire follow and by the lighe of it we gee thar Chet have seat fire to a roll sheet of newspaper . he cross to the fireplace , light a stick of kindling off the pager and toss it in the fireplace . raman 's on the phone . roman ' phone 's dead , connie 's ac the window . i do not see any light anywhere . BEN in all likeliheod lightning hit a sub-sctation . oh ie 's alrighe . go here . io 4 of gec a nice roman ie 's raining to beat all hell out there . chet I guess we be in one of the storm this place be famous for . [ t 's sort of axcict , be not it ? we be geece a taste of real wilderness now . devoid of any modern convaences , at the mercy of the elemanta . ( continue ) a drop cf water land on he shoulder , he another drap . then another . cu . kate she 's look araund the room . a sense af whera be thea g cu . roman a flash of fear . cu. connte look to chee. warried . the pioneer smile fade . int . room kate dash far the stair . Roman follaw here . int . bedacom kate throw the door apen . eer Pov the vindow ig open . the curtsing be bl spilling in . cu. kate she scream . G revise 12/21/87 230f ( contd ) leok un . doom on she face . ing . rai 8 '' revise 12/21/87 Blue 168 . omit 231,232 , 233 kate 's on the porch , look . Roman , Chet and connie follow 232 she out . roman Girls ! chet maybe they run over co the lodge . roman cara ! mara ! 6 he run dawn off the porch . revise 12/21/37 los . e 233b int . lodge 2338 raman and Chet look in the Lodge . Roman 's hopeful expression fade . chet let 's look down at the lake . maybe they be look for frog of something roman or something ? chet ie 's alright , Roman . it have not even be ten minute . nothing 's wrong . Roman exit , Chet follow . 233c ext . mine shaft 233¢ the twin be at the mouth of the shaft . 3d 233d ext . lake 23 @ no girl . roman and ch at the shore , Roman 's chet we will spread out and check the wood . roman cara ! mara ! damn it ! he turn and head back to the house . Cara and mara be they shine the fla to have a look . ct , looki in . they go foreward cu. feet the soft earth give way and the girl tumble into the shaft . ( continue ) revise 12/21/87 233g int . shaft 9338 ( contd ) the girl fly down the wet , muddy tunnel , screamin 233f 233f int . cavern the shaft open into a dark , dank cavern . the girl splash down . the flashlight go fly . int . cavern . floor the flashlight they be carry splashes down the wet floor . the beam come to rest on a stack of box . cu . box stack carton of dynamite . the carton be waxy and moist with nitro . blast cap be scattered on the floor . Broken case have spill stick of dynamite . 33g ext. woop 233g chee and Roman march through the wood , call for the girl . chet cara ! mara ! roman cara ! m 233h ext . cabin . porch kata and connie be call from the porch . 233g int . cave . shaft rain water be spilling down the shaft . 233k int . cave . cara and mara dynamite . Water level rise . 233l ext . woop 23 we tt chee and Roman be charge through the wood . Roman lead , chee follow . 233m 233n 233p 2330 233r revise cu . water flow rapidly down the shaft . cu . cara and mara terrify . wet and muddy and cold . ext . mine perimeter Roman and Chet reach the mine perimeter . Roman step on the barb wire , hold it down far Chet , he step over it , then give Roman a hand . ext . mine , shaft Roman and Chet call for the girl . roman cara ! mara ! cu . cara and mara they hear Roman . they look up . a long for they father that we have yet to see . ext . wood Chet and Roman continue to call fer the girl . girl ! Chet look around behind he and spot the shaft . he poke Roman and point . they approach . int . cave . cara and mara they make a move to get down off the box . it 's unstable . cu. BOX ooze with the shifting weight . ext . mine shaft Roman and Chet look ' into the hole . roman cara ! mara ! chee grab he arm . listen ! 233n 233p 2338 ( conte ) e they listen and hear the faint cry of the girl . Roman look at cher with horror . chet they be down there . girl ! this uncle Chet ! be you alright ? roman they will not answer for Christ 's sake . you gotta go down there . chet Roman . I can not fit down there . roman I be claustrophobic . what if I lose it ? chet you will not lose it . roman what if I blow it ? what do we do ? I gotta call somebody . we gotta get help . @ Chet grab Roman firmly . cH Roman . you will do child . yout roman that 's why I be afraid . chet and that 's why you can do it . goddamn it , be a father , Roman ! for once be they father . Roman take a deep , troubled breath . he 's 2 nervous mess . yeu goc alot of strength and you can find more . you oniy think you be no geod . I do not think so , and nobody else do either . ( pause ) get down there with the girl , I will go get some rope and a light . 6 alright . roman ( continue ) chet you guy hang on ! you dad' coming ! he lower himself into the shaft . cH T goce it ? Roman nod . chet let fly . Roman scoot down the shaft . chet I be on my way ! Chet take off . 2337 int . cave Roman splashes down in the cavern . 233u ext . wood Chet hauis ass through the wood . Roman wade over to the girl . they reach out for hin . cara daddy ! mara daddy ! 's to they and grab they , the fi time he 's m with genuine , connect emorcion . they cling 234 % ext . cabin Chet barrel through the brush for the cabin . 23458 porch kate leap back to connie . kate Te 's a bear ! 2338 ( contd ) 2330 ever to 2348 ( contd ) connie it 's chee ! Chet whip around the front of the cabin and leap up on the porah . chet it 's alright ! we find they . sit tight . I be get a rope and a light and I be go back . connie what happen ? kate where be they ? chet it 's okay . relax , Roman and I have the situation well in hand . ( pause ) Roman 's great ! he turn and charge down the step and be go . 234c int . cave 234c Roman have break he embrace with the girl . he wait . chet ? ( to the girl ) uncle Chet go to get a rope and a lighe . tool shed the goddamn , a34 p int . cave Roman 's examine the box . ( continue ) 234f 234g revise l2/21/87 blu 2345 roman Holy hell in a whore house ! this be dynamite ! Old , wee , wild , unpredictable , unstable , ready to blow ... ( realize what he 's say ) it 's fine , giris . ne sweat . tha worst ease , it will smeil bad . ( yell ) ripley ! int . shed Chet 's knee deep in worthless rubbish . int . cave Roman 's examine a blast cap . roman blast cap ... he look to the mouth of the shaft . he Pov the water 's spilling down . cu . roman Roman raassure he grip on the girl . roman okay , it 's cold and wet and I do not want you catch cold so , we be gonna go . okay ? they giris nod . you hald on ¢& a can , okay ? promise ? the girl neds and affirm they hold on he . roman okay ? Lee 's go . he carry they through the water . as he clear frame . a ( contd ) 234f 2346 massive figure rise behind he . we recognize it as the bear from chet' story . bald , old and ugly . ba be revd ii . 2348 int . shed Chet 's in a full - blow tantrum . fling rubbish and everywhere . he uncover a old coleman lamp . look act ic , set it aside . chet we get big time jeopardy and this son of a bitch can not organize he teol shed ! he set the lamp aside and continue rummage for a rope . int . cave 2343 Roman have reach the mouth of the shaft . he lock and think for a moment . roman I be gonna get down on my stomach and we be gonna crawl up . you guy hold on as tight as you can . ee kneel into the rush of water and reposition the girl on he back . he look for something to grab a hold of . he reach out and grab a fragment of break timber . he pull himself and the girl forward . hold himself for a beat and reach for another timber and pull himself up another short distance . cu . bear watch . int . tool shed . chet he fling a bunch of Christmas decoration aside . a though suddenly occur to hin . chet Boat ! rope ! yo ! he bashes he way through the rubbish and ouc of the shed . it. wally cabin a light go on . T. window wally 's head appear in the window . wally {to juanstia [ ac ] bear ! go unplug my gun ! il7 . am a34 m int . cave 234 Roman continue to pull himself up the shaft , slowly and with enormous effort . he nearly lose bis grip , regains it , lose it and slide back , catch himself quickly and start anew . 234n ext . wood 234m Chet fly through the wood . chet ouch ! Jesus ! raspberry bush ! goddamn ! ouch ! shit ! - 234 int . cave 2342 Roman plow on . he 's exhaust but move with undiminished purpose . he 's move faster as the beam nearer the open be closer together and unbroken . 2340 234q ext . boat Chet stumble into the boat , nearly upend it , catch he balance and scoops up a length of rope . he turn and steady himself to jump out of the boat onto the dock . he get into the rock rhythm of the boat , pick he moment and jump . his forward momentum push the boat back and land on he bell on the dock . the boat i aa he body on = of pa 2 ease back and he flip hinself off the dock , back in boat . Roman emerge from che mouth of the cave . he pulis the girl off he back and onto the level ground . then he pulis himself cut of the sh and roll over on he back , exhaust . bur smile . the girl reach down and try to helo he up . roman we do it , yep ! can we do thac again tomorrow ? Roman laugh . ( continue ) 2348 2347 2340 235a revise 12/21/87 Blue roman 234r ( cont : not a chance . we will do something else . let 's get back to the house . Mom 's probably scared to death . cara where 's uncle Chet ? 2348 ext . shore the boat grind up anto the beach . all the way . Chet leap out onto dry ground and fake off into the wood . ext . wood Roman carry the girl through the wood . roman we be go to keep talk and open up , be not we ? cara oh , yeah , we be just afraid . roman of what ? mara that you might get mad . roman iowould n ’sc get mad . ext . wood wally and juanita be tiptoeing through the wood . wally there 's something move out there juantia yep ! bear ! ext , Woods Chet 's haul ass back through the wood with the rope and the Light . chet ouch ! goddamn ! shit ! ouch ! ext . cabin Roman with the girl in he arm come around the cabin to the porch . kate run down from the porch to meet they , [ wane era 2340 he a ie 235 B 235¢ 235d nn we ui ba with u wa ny 235g 235a ( contd ) connie follow at a respectable distance . kate grab the girl from Roman , set they down and embarce both of they . cara daddy save we ! mara and he never say any bad word do it , either ! kata look up at Roman proudly . he smile , as proud of himself as she be of he . roman when I learn a lesson , I learn it big and full - blow . ext . mine perimeter 2353 Chet 's try to get over the barb wire . re 's nearly make it , swing he leg ever so carefully over the wire , plant a foot firmly on che other side . bring the other leg over and plant it . take a step , catch he pant leg anc go down on he face . int . shed 238e wally and juanica look at the mess ia the shed . wally ho the water to the mouth of the sha Chet lean into the hole . i'm back ! eu , look up the shaft . cup he Hand to he mouth . chet i'm go to throw the rope down ! l've made a loop at the end put it around one of the girl . ocontinue } 235h 2355 235 k 235l 235n revise 12/21/87 Blue 128. ext . mine shaft 235g ( contd ) Chet tossess the looped rope down the shaft . cu . bear the rope land on it 's head . cu , chet he pull the rope in . cU. bear the slack be take up , leave the bear with the loop atound it 's neck . ext . mine shaft Chet lean into the shaft . chet roman ! i'm gonna pull the rope tight . you tell I when , okay ? we hear a grunt from below . Chet take it as a signal that Roman 's get the message . he give yank on the rope . cu . bear , t with he repe be pull tight arouad it 's neck and i forward , off it 's feec . ext . mine shaft cher tug the rope . chet alright ! i'm pulling ! he puil on the rope . it barely move . shit ! they be once . he he turn around and lay the rope across he shoulder lean into the task . int . shaft the bear jerk up the shafr . it 's struggle to get free of the rope around it 's neck . 2357 2359 235r 2358 235t 2350 235v revise 12/21/87 Blue ext . mine shaft Chet 's barely able to pull the weight . he ease over to a tree and get around . he continue to pull , now head for the mouth of the shaft , use the tree . int . shatt the bear be be pull up the shafc . 2358 cu . chet he 's grunt and sweat and pull with all he might . roy ut wi int . cably 2 kate and connie be drying the kid off . it 's warm , joyous reunion , roman you uncle Chet want we to have memory . we get some memory , huh ? be that a adventure ? huh ? : connie where be Chet ? roman he 's out there be a pretty g I feei like the last slice of b on the loaf compare to he . he 's wait out there so I could come back look like a hero . well , you know the truth ? he 's the hero . he 's tha brain behind the operation . cu . bear 2350 be pull up the shafe . cu . chet ext . mouth of T Chet reach the shaft as the bear emerge , one last tug anc the full length of the bear pop out of the shafc . Chet drop to he knee , exhaust . his chest heave mightily . chet God , bless ! I do it ! oh , I be die but we ... he look up . ( continue ) 236a 236b revise 12/21/87 Blue he fov 1226 235v ( contd ) the big , black , shiny nose of the bear . the very angry bear . cu . chet a look of confusion . his eye shift , up . cU. bear camera pan up to the bald head . cU.° chet he stare in disbelief . chet I die and I be in my own story . or ... ext . wood we hear a bellow . a beat and Chet tear past . a split behind he , the bear charge through . ext . wood . wide 1 through the brush with og oo oo '' be ouch ! damn ! shit ! pa ooo ! ooo ! int , cabin kate and connie be finish drying off the why do not you gu rum up and good you jam on , I be gonna throw on a package of dog for you uncle . kate t'li do it , you go change . roman I want to be here when Chet come back . I owe he big for this one . second nd with a bi 236d 236e revise 12/21/87 Blue 123 236c ext . wood , chet 236 '' he 's move like he never think possible . arm pump , eye wild with fear , sweat pour off he face and body . ext . cabin 236d Chet wheel around the cabin and leap up on the porch . the bear 's a beat behind . int . cabin 2365 Chet burst into the cabin . he slam the door behind he and lean back against it . int . live room the kid be on the stair . connie and kate in the kitchen . Roman 's at the fireplace . they be stunne by the entrance . int . cabin . door Chet scream . chet bear ! no sooner be the word out of he mouth than the door be it 's hinge . chee topple forward be the bear to the cabin . cu . kate and connie they scream . cu . twins they shriek and charge up the stair . int . live room the bear crash into the table and splinter ic . cu . roman he dash for the stair to block the bear from the stair . ( continue ) he dash chet he stand go down he train revise 12/21/87 Blue 124. 236e ( contd ) roman ( to the girl ) run ! ( to the woman ) buck ! ( to the bear ) kiss my ass , you berry eating , turd flinger ! for the stair . the bear lunge at he . up , push the door back in place . a beat and he again as wally charge in with he shotgun lamp . ict on the bear . wally freeze ! it look back at wally . cU. chet wallys on the door , on too of cher . cU . wally he look bear he take 2 i 2 ° to ny down . he step down off the door a step toward wally . int . live room Chet stand up . chet you be a real asshole , wally . wally quc the way , ripley ! chet ( push the lamp away ) get that out of my face ! ( continue ) revise 12/21/87 Blue cu . roman he try to distract the bear . cu. bear it look back at Roman , cu . chet and wally he do not know what 's go on . wally have the lamp on the bear . chet what the hell be go on ... ( turn to see the bear ) whoa ! ( to wally ) shoot , you moron ! cU. bear the bear turn to Chet . cu . wally and chet wally lower the gun . of he rip che lamp aim it at the be wally cover he ear . cu . roman he hit the desk . cu . bear mar rise on it 's back cu . chet take aim and squeeze the trigger . there 's a loud fizzle and a puff of smoke . Chet lower the gun . cu . bear he turn to Roman . ( continue ) not we a oy 2368 revise 12/21/87 8b fa c of 236e cu . roman he cover he head , expect to lose it cu . bear he drop onto Roman . cU. chet 126 . ( contd ) he look into the barrel of the gun . [ t 's still fizzling . he turn it back to the bear and try to open it . cu . shotgun barrel the gun fire . cU. bear ass fur go fly . cu . bear whoa ! int . live room the bear turn and charge the door . Chet and wally leap out a rge of the way . casin the bear charge down the porch and into the wood . G room int . L the aftermath . wally , Chet , Roman , connie and kate rise up . wally you give she a bald ad to go with she bald head , ripley ! chee lock at the gun . roman that be great , Chet ! I wish tf have my videocamera . chet do one shell ge or ... ext . cabin blam ! ( continue ) 2368 revise 12/21/87 Blue roman ( oc ) two , ext . mine shaft Chet 's lamp be at the mouth of the shaft . cU. lamp kerosine be leak out and run down the shafc . it ignites . 236 k int . shaft the flame follow the stream of kerosine into the shaft 236l ext . shaft a beat out of and a ball of flame the a subterranean explosion . shaft . 236 m int . cabin the rumble be feel in the cabin . roman dynamite ! ov 2 127 . 236eb ( con : with rarr . 236 blow 236 m a massive bubodle rise from the lake ext . lake . surface sand 4 of watar , 2362 perch , bass , weed , crappie and water down on ic 's raining fish . looking out the W a gigantic fish , monster mouth land on the heed of chac 's Jeep with a whap omit scene 237-269 270 128. ext . cabin - next day . 270 the car be load and pack . it 's time to shove off . the two family come out of the cabin . Chet lock up the door . chet alright ! let 's roll . cammie come up the road . Buck cross to she . roman well , I be gonna miss this place , Chet . Chet look at he like he 's crazy . cara uncle Chet ? chet yeah , honey ? cara I have a really good time . chet I be glad you like it . BEN be not it fascinating how a trauma can restructure a person 's life ? thanks , uncle Chet . den’ : forgec to 129 . 271 ext . cabin - day 271 Buck 's lonely and deject . everything 's go to hell @ for he . he look at the lake . buck he curl he lip at the beautiful scene . buck . if you be out there , I just want you to know I do not blame you for hat I . cammie ( 0.s. ) City boy always talk to themselves ? Buck stop cold . he turn . he Pov cammie step out from behind a tree . cammie e or be you crazy ? buck he 's shocked to see cammie . he smile . buck I must be crazy . cammie she smile and walk toward he . cammie that 's you guilty mind at work . whenever you go out in the wood , you be gonna see I behind every tree . I will haunt you the rest of you life and possibly a large portion of you afterlife . buck @ he walk toward she . ( continued ) 271 272 130 . continued : 271 buck I be really sorry . I be trap . cammie and Buck come together . cammie I want you to go back to Chicago a craze , lovesick maniac and not be able to look at another girl without compare she to I . buck and ? cammie we will never see each other again . but we will stay a little bit in love with each other the rest of we life . I will have a little piece of you in my heart forever . buck and I will have a Little piece of you . she kiss he . ext . cabin - chet' car 272 Roman help Chet tie down the luggage on the roof rack . ext . cabin - rcad wally and juanita waddle up the road . wally skip on you bill , ripley ? ceet and roman Chet smile . chet would not think of it . wally and juanita walk up . wally just tickle you gonadial sphere a little , ripley . ( more ) { continued } 272 continued : l3i. 272 wally ( cont 'd ) I speak with the conservation department a few minute ago and they say the bear 's do alright . she lose most of the hair off she ass . she 's bald on both end now but she will be alright . chet I can not say that I be happy . wally what be you carping about ? the cabin she tore up belong to I . juanita and my good lamp 's all blow up . roman how the hell do you know we have a bear in the cabin ? wally she come by my place first . I think it be juanita go nut wear she fur coat out to empty the rubbish . so , I just track she over here . ( pause ) anywho , we sure want to thank you and Roman here for turn over the Fish to we . it 's gonna look swell hang in the lodge . roman qur mutual pleasure , wally . wally I go in and scoop he gut out so he would not stink so bad on the ride over to the fish stuffer . and funny damn thing , when ' nita split open he belly to see what he have for lunch ... juanita eleven perch and a pepsi can . wally yeah . we figure you be entitle to any valuable the thing be carry . { more ) {continued ) 272 273 274 132 . continued : ( 2 ) 272 wally ( cont 'd ) a lot of time that brand of fish will be attract to something shiney . a think occur to Chet . he have a inkling of what it might be . wally ( continue ) we have find them carry a watch ... juanita «.. a belt buckle ... wally «se earring . Chet look at Roman . he smile . chet wally ? a few night back I drop my father 's ring in the lake . wally sorry to hear that , ripley . maybe wnat I get in sy nand ' 1ll maxe yeu feel a little better . Chet take wally ' 's hand . chet . I have a funny feel I know what it be . closeup - hand wally 's hand cpen . lying in he palm be a quarter . buck and cammie 273 Fe kiss she cheek and back away . he give she a little wave . she return it . ext . cabin - car ~ day 274 the twin be in the mercede . kate and Chet embrace . Roman and connie . Ben get in the back of the wagon . ( continued ) 274 continued : wally and juanita get they hand in on the i33. 274 farewell . connie and kate embrace . Chet and Roman shake hand . chet I want to spot you the money you need to keep the house and get back on you foot . roman I can not take you money , Chet . but I appreciate the offer . chet I insist . roman Chet , listen to I . I do not borrow from relative . not now , not ever . okay ? let I learn my lesson . he pat Chet on the back . roman ( continue ) Race you home ! he and kate hurry to they car . he gun the engine anc at fishtail down the dirt road . ch all . chet Race I home ? he look at connie . connie . it 's just until he get on he foot . I think you should be proud of he not want to take you loan . chet connie ... connie we have plenty of room . ( {hepeful smile ) if he beat we , he will take the go spot in the garage . she get in the car . Buck walk up . Chet give hima big smile . ( continued ) 274 ray ey be continued : ( 2 ) 274 buck dad ? ceet yeah ? Buck hold out he hand . buck to the memory . Chet smile . he slap Buck 's hand . freeze and fade . end title over roman' video -8 footage of the trip . tee end