the white ribbon written by Michael haneke 1 . cover riding school of the manorial estate int / day montage of close - shot : 1 a man be riding a dressage horse . we can not see he face . only he boot , spur , whip , the taut rein , the horse 's foamy mouth , the movement that steer the animal . we watch he for a while and hear the snort of the horse , the dull SOUND of the hoove on the ground , the fast - uttere command of the rider . then we start to hear a gentle voice : narrator ( o.s. ) : I do not know if the story that I want to tell you , reflect the truth in every detail . much of it I only know by hearsay , and a lot of it remain obscure to I even today , and I must leave it in darkness . many of this question remain without answer . but I believe I must tell of the strange event that occur in we village , because they may cast a new light on some of the going - on in this country ... long shot of the riding stable . the rider be the village doctor , a gaunt , intellectual - look man of around 60 , who have finish he dressage session , and now ride toward the open gate beside the camera , go through it and into the landscape . we see he in the avenue , now visible behind he , and watch he grow smaller until he vanish . narrator ( o.s. continue ) :... everything begin , if I remember correctly , with the doctor 's riding accident . after he dressage session in the manor 's riding school , he be first head for he home ... 2 . the doctor' property ext / day the garden open up on the meadow and field of the flat countryside . the doctor lie beside he wounded horse . his arm be strangely twisted , he break collarbone have make a bump in the blood - drench jacket . he yell with pain . after a few moment xenia , the doctor 's 12 - year old daughter , come run out of the house . she rush up to she father and look at he , horrify , then at the twitching horse , scream with horror . her father shout something to she , she bend over he and try to raise he to he foot . he scream at she as he 's in such pain . she stagger back helplessly , he shout something to she again , whereupon she run off . we hear all this from far away , because during the whole scene the narrator have continue he tale : 2 narrator : ...to see if any of he patient have arrive . as it enter the property , the horse have trip over a hardly visible , taut wire that have be strung between two tree . the doctor 's fourteen - year old daughter have watch the accident from the window of the house , and be able to inform the woman who be they neighbor , who in turn get the message to the manor house , so that the agonizing doctor could be transport to the hospital of the district capital that be over 30 kilometer away ... 3 . village -street and school ext / day tracking shot : emilie wagner , a skinny , modestly dress woman in she late thirty hurry along the village street . narrator : ... the neighbor , a single woman of around 40 , be the village midwife , who have fill the invaluable position of housekeeper and receptionist for the doctor since the death of he wife in childbirth . after tend to the doctor 's two child , she have go to the school to fetch she own son , han . since she do not like leave he alone , she ask I - in return for a small fee - to keep he at the school with I every day , after the other child have finish they lesson . but on the day of the riding accident there be choir practice in the afternoon , so that most of the child be still present . a few child pass emilie and greet she . then she reach the school . the door be open . the schoolchild stream out . we see the schoolteacher , a slight man , hardly 30 year old , talk inside to some of the older student . Martin , a tall gangly boy of around 12 , whose elegant clothes make he stand out among the other child come out of the school , turn to the midwife : martin : be you at xenia 's place ? he 's interrupt by Marie , a delicate , pretty and polite girl of around 13 who have the odd characteristic of already behave like a adult . marie : can not you say hello ? good afternoon , Mrs. wagner , excuse I . midwife : hello , Marie . 3 marie : we be so worried , you know . that 's why Martin forget he manners . midwife : that 's all right . marie : how be the Doctor ? midwife : not very well . marie : will he have to stay in the hospital ? midwife : I do not know . the midwife be tired of Marie 's precocious and endless question . she peer over the head of child surround they , look for someone in the classroom . marie : we will take care of xenia . maybe , we can help she somehow . midwife ( distract ) : good idea . it will cheer she up . she have see she son , who 's come out of the door : he be a mongoloid boy of 8 . his name be han . he hesitates , as he see he mother surround by the other . the midwife leave the group and go over to he . midwife : well , do you enjoy the sing ? han ( nod eagerly ) : it be great ! the schoolteacher come in . schoolteacher : show you mother what you have be sing . han look doubtfully , first at the schoolteacher , then at he mother , who nod at he encouragingly . after hesitate for a second , he start to sing : han : La ... La ... lalala ... marie turn to leave . marie : good-bye , sir. good-bye , Mrs. wagner . her say good - bye act as a invitation to the other child : they also say good - bye , though some less distinctively , and follow the girl . tracking shot with the child . after a short distance , georg , a strong boy of around 13 , shout , encourage the other : georg : last one be a rotten egg ! 4 then he sprint off . most of the child follow he . but Marie and some of the other kid merely walk off at a brisk pace . the camera , that stop when georg run off , now follows Marie , so that , after a while , the other can be see again at the far end of the street . 4 . the doctor' house int / day xenia , who be herself in a pitiful condition , hold she four- year - old brother rudolph on she knee . she rock he and herself back and forth . as he head be bow , we can only guess that he 's cry . after a while xenia ( quietly ) : if you want , I can cut out some animal for you , as I do last week ? no reaction . would you like that ?! rudolph shake he head faintly . we could color they together , no ? no reaction . or we could cut they from the lovely color paper ? the golden one , do you remember ? the one I get for Easter ? no reaction . xenia end up press she head helplessly against she little brother 's head and mutter : come on , come on . they remain that way for a while . finally xenia raise rudolph high enough so she can stand up : all right ! now I be go to make we something to eat . Mrs. wagner have prepare everything , I ... rudolph ( interrupt she softly , he head still bow ) : what if he never come back ? xenia ( as if she have not understand ) : what ? rudolph merely shake he bow head . xenia kneel down in front of she brother and try to look into he eye , but the boy bow he head even deeper . xenia ( tenderly ) : come on ! do not be stupid ! it go away just like the flu . remember last winter ? you be very sick , be not you ? and then , two week later ... a noise make she cock she ear : it 's as if something have hit the window in the next room . 5 xenia stand up and listen . silence . and then , after listen for a while , once again the same noise . xenia : hush ! she go into the other room and , hide behind the curtain , look out . outside , the group of child be gather around Marie . they look up at the house . they be wait for something . after a while , georg , the boy who earlier have urge they to race , throw another stone at the window . xenia be startle . she hesitates . finally , she open the window . georg : hi , xeni ! xenia do not answer . after a while marie ( quietly ) : how be you ? can we help you ? 5 . manor ext / night the steward of the estate , a heavy set rustic man in he mid fifty , be talk with the landowner ( who 's about the same age ) . they be stand beside a team of carthorse . with a torch the steward light up a dead horse that lie on the ground after be tow in by the carthorse . steward : ...it tendon be almost severe . it never would have recover . the landowner bend down and examine the wound on the pastern of the dead animal 's front leg . landowner : how do that thing get there ? do not the Doctor say anything ? steward ( with a snicker ) : he be in no mood to talk , with he collarbone stick out of he throat . I ask he daughter . she have no idea . he always ride through that tree . landowner : do you look at the wire ? steward : of course . it 's thin , but strong . you can hardly see it , if you do not look closely . landowner : but why be it tie there ? steward ( shrugging ) : and at knee height ! I do not know ... maybe so the kid could jump over it . no idea . I do not think the doctor himself be stupid enough to tie that thing there . landowner : meaning ? 6 steward : meaning : I do not know . anyway it be definitely put there intentionally and look damn ... 6 . manor . live room on the top floor . int / night sigi , the 9 - year old son of the landowner stand at the window , and watch he father and the steward stand in the torchlight beside the dead horse . in the background music ( piano / violin ) . after a short while the two man down in the courtyard separate : the landowner head to the manor , the steward with the team of carthorse to a farm building . sigi turn away from the window and look into the room . there he mother beatrix , a beautiful , nervous woman in she late thirty , be sit at a baby grand piano . beside she stand the tutor , hold a violin tuck under he chin . he look as if he 's in he late twenty , plump and slightly greasy , and obviously infatuated with he beautiful employer , who have just interrupt she play with a annoyed sigh . tutor : I be sorry , Madame . you be just play too well for I . beatrix : stop apologize and concentrate . that will be more helpful for both of we . tutor : to tell the truth : you be just play too fast for I . I be not paganini . beatrix look up at he with a quick amused smile , then turn back the page of she sheet music . beatrix : well , let 's start all over again at the letter D . the tutor do the same , they glance at each other and start again . sigi watch they from the window , then he saunter in , stop some distance away and watch . then he saunter away again . suddenly , beatrix stop play again . beatrix : listen , darling . if you like the music , then sit down beside I and turn the page of the sheet music . but if you be bored , go up to you room and at least stay out of my sight . it make I nervous if you be constantly saunter around in front of I . sigi bow he head ashamed , but do not move . beatrix ( turn to the tutor ) : by the way , what time be it ? where be the girl ? the tutor pull out he pocket watch . 7 tutor : she 's with the twin , I presume . twenty to nine . beatrix : twenty to nine ?! ( turn to sigi ) : you should have be in bed long ago . ( to the tutor ) : have he do he homework ? tutor : of course , Madame . beatrix : all right . ( to sigi ) : well , do you want to turn the page for I or not ? sigi nod . beatrix : then come here ! with a little caustic smile , she tap beside she on the piano bench . sigi come over sit down beside she and look at the sheet music . beatrix turn the page back . beatrix ( to the tutor ) : all right , here we go again : the letter D . try to play a bit faster . or else I might as well play with the village schoolteacher . they play again . sigi read the music with she , then turn the page . 7 . rectory . dine room . int / night Marie and Martin come through the door and stand in front of it . at the dinner table , the pastor ( in he mid-forty ) sit with he back to the door . in front of he , at the other end of the table , sit he wife Anna , a woman in she late forty . on the side of the table sit the child : Anton ( 11 ) , magdalena ( 10 ) , katharina ( 9 ) and florian ( 7 ) . two other place be empty . the table be set for 8 people , but the plate be empty . silence . marie ( quietly ) : please forgive we . martin ( follow she lead ) : please forgive we . silence . then the pastor speak very quietly , without turn to the two child : pastor : there 's no question of forgive . you have not offended I . it 's you mother and you brother and sister that you have frighten away and offended . ask they for forgiveness . you amaze I . I do not know that the two oldest and therefore most reasonable of my child would not mind frightening they mother and brother and sister to death . 8 he turn around toward the two child : be you now grow up enough to live on you own ? be you ? do you want to leave home and start a life of you own ? so you can come and go as you please , and nobody get in you way . be that what you want ? the two remain silent , they head bow . the pastor turn he back to they again , and face the table . nobody at this table have eat tonight . when it grow dark , and you have not return , you mother go all over the village in tear , look for you . do you really think we could have enjoy we meal , if we fear something have happen to you ? do you think we can enjoy we meal now , when you have come back and dish up lie as a excuse ? I do not know what 's worse : you absence or you come back . ( pause ) . tonight we shall all go to bed hungry . he stand up , follow by the mother and the child who be sit at the table . again he turn to the two wrongdoer : pastor : you probably agree with I , that I can not leave you offense unpunish , if we want keep live in mutual respect . so , tomorrow evening at this hour , I shall give each of you 10 stroke of the cane . until then , you have time to ponder over you offense . do you agree with I ? marie and martin : yes , Father . pastor : all right then . go to bed now , all of you . the child who be sit at the table go first to they mother , then to they father . they kiss they hand and leave the room . as Marie and Martin want to do the same , the father say pastor : I refuse to be touch by you . you mother and I will sleep poorly because we know I have to hurt you tomorrow , and because it will more painful to we than the stroke will be painful to you . leave we alone and go to bed . as the two child be about to leave the room , he say pastor : when you be small , you mother once in a while would tie a ribbon in you hair or around you arm . its white color be to remind you of innocence and purity . I think that at you age you be well - mannered enough to get by without such reminder . I be wrong . tomorrow , once you have be purify by you punishment , 9 you mother will tie such a ribbon on you again , and you will wear it until you behavior show we that we can trust you again . 8 . the doctor' property ext / day close angle : one of the tree to which the wire be tie that trip up the doctor 's horse . a policeman be look for clue . with he be xenia , rudolph , the midwife and she son han . the two boy do not show much interest in the investigation . they run after each other in the garden and the neighbor field . han especially seem enjoy this , and be shriek with delight . policeman : where be the wire now ? the midwife look at xenia , who shrug she shoulder . policeman : then who take it away ? xenia : I do not know . policeman : you be not here ? xenia , uncertain , look at the midwife . policeman : do you accompany you father ? to town ? xenia : no. policeman : that mean you be here . xenia : I be in school . today . policeman : and when you leave for school , the wire be still here ? xenia : I do not check . the policeman turn to the midwife : policeman : and when do you come ? midwife : at noon . I make lunch for the Doctor and the kid . since the death of the Doctor 's wife , I have be help he out . policeman : since when ? 10 midwife : it 's be 4 year . since the birth of little rudolph . I be the midwife here . we often work together . policeman : but you do not see anything ? midwife : no. policeman : do you have any idea how long the wire have be there ? midwife : I would never see it before . policeman ( angrily ) : let I get this straight : nobody see the thing before , nobody see it afterwards . it wound itself around the two tree all alone , and make itself vanish after the doctor 's fall . right ? neither the midwife nor xenia know what to answer . at that moment han come run in from the field , excited : han : mother ! ... look ! ... look ... come ! midwife ( reluctantly ) : what 's happen ? han : people ! ... lot of people . come !! midwife ( to the policeman ) : sorry ... indeed , as the midwife set out for the field , a group of people hurry along the path border the doctor 's property , and cross we Pov . they carry a body on a makeshift stretcher . the policeman and xenia follow the midwife . the group vanish as quickly as it appear behind the surround bush . as the group be approach , we have be hearing narrator : the day follow the doctor 's riding accident not only bring no solution to the question of who would do it , but a second , far more tragic incident almost make people forget the misfortune of the previous day : the wife of a tenant farmer die in a work - accident . 9 . farm int / day it 's very dark in the low-ceilinged room . small window . a couple of woman in peasant dress take care of the dead woman , who 's be laid out on the bed . the woman remove she clothes and wash she . narrator : the woman , who because of a injure arm could only do light work , have be dispense 11 by the steward from harvest chore , and be assign to easier work in the sawmill . everything happen very silently . a elderly woman , a midwife specialize in bathing , take care of the proceedings . every time the door be open , one hear the muttering of the people wait outside . soil water be carry out , new underwear bring in , and the woman start to clothe the naked corpse again . outside , the sound of excited voice be get louder . then the door open and the farmer ( around fifty ) enter the room . the old midwife turn around angrily : bathing -midwife : you stay outside ! I have not yet ... farmer ( quietly ) : get out ! reluctantly , the old midwife abandon she half complete work , not without have spread the dress she have drape over the still half - naked body of the dead woman . the other woman follow she , embarrassed . once the door have close behind they , the farmer just stand there . only after a long while do he move forward and sit beside he dead wife . he remain seat , motionless . for a very long time . he only tug once at the dress drape over the half - naked body , as if he want to cover a patch of nudity . then he just sit there again in the dark room , and only he halting breath let we know that any moment he may cry . 10 . a river and meadow with bridge ext / day with he net and he fishing rod the schoolteacher be landing a fish . narrator : on the same day , I have a strange encounter : the weather be beautiful and hot , so I decide to try and improve my meager menu with some brown trout , which be plentiful in the river . the landowner apparently like I , and allow I to fish . suddenly , the schoolteacher stop dead : like a tightrope walker Martin be walk along on the top of the wall of the bridge , thirty foot above the riverbed . schoolteacher ( shout , fearful ) : Martin ! the boy do not seem to hear he and keep up he balance act . schoolteacher ( louder ) : Martin !! the boy keep at it . 12 the schoolteacher quickly wade ashore , throw he fishing rod and the net and the wriggle fish on the gravel beside the river and climb up the river bank . when he get on top , he see the boy balance himself at the other end of the bridge . schoolteacher : Martin , be careful ! the boy take a few more step , then reach the end of the wall and jump down onto the bridge . hesitatingly , he turn to the schoolteacher , who come toward he . schoolteacher : be you completely insane ? ! do you want to break you neck ? ! martin ( he head bow ) : hello , sir . the schoolteacher have reach he . schoolteacher : what 's happen ? be you mad ? ! do not you know how high that be ? the boy remain silent , keep he head bent down . schoolteacher : do not you hear I ? I shout to you . martin ( after a short silence ) : yes , I do . schoolteacher : well ? the boy remain silent . schoolteacher : well ?!! keeping he head bow , the boy shrug a little . the schoolteacher , realize that this will not get he any further , try again , talk in a gentle voice : schoolteacher : you see I down there and want to impress I ? the boy shake he head . schoolteacher : well , why do not you ... martin ( interrupt he ) I give God a opportunity to kill I . he do not do it . that mean , he 's pleased with I . schoolteacher ( staggered ) : what be you say ? martin : he do not want I to die . schoolteacher ( bewilder ) : who ? who do not want you to die ? martin : god. pause . schoolteacher : why would God want you to die ? the boy stop answer , he head bow again . the schoolteacher remain silent and look at he for a while . then , he add softly : 13 promise I never to do such nonsense again . all right ? look at I . Martin look up reluctantly . promise it to I . Martin remain silent . he do not dare look down , and instead look past the schoolteacher . you do not trust I , do not you ? martin ( polite , emotionless ) : yes , I do , Sir . the schoolteacher realize that there 's no use in talk any further . schoolteacher ( conclude ) : all right . go home now . I will be come tomorrow for the piano lesson . I will talk to you father then . Martin turn and face the schoolteacher , and say in such a plead voice that it startles he : martin : please , do not tell he ! please , sir , do not ! schoolteacher : why ? Martin just look pleadingly at the schoolteacher and shake he head , as if to stress he request . 11 . sawmill int / day franz , the farmer eldest son , be search for evidence of he mother 's accident . he be accompany by the neighbor 's son matti , a slight boy of around 16 . the sawmill be a ramshackle wooden building beside the river . matti , who obviously be there when the accident happen , show franz the place . matti : there . be careful . everything 's rotten here . franz move slowly forward . he look down at the lower floor . immediately below : the see . franz step back carefully and turn to matti : franz : who make she climb up here ? matti : I have not a clue . they tell we to collect all the lose end . she just climb up there . franz : she could never stand height . it make she dizzy . who assign you to this job ? matti ( uneasy ) : you know how it work . the sawmill need to be clean up , and the foremen pick the weaker harvester 14 franz : who pick she ? 12 . STREET at the end of the village ext / day . the schoolteacher with he fishing gear and several fish that he catch . narrator : it be on my way home after the strange encounter with Martin that I meet Eva for the first time . Eva ( 18 ) , a redhead , somewhat chubby , but pretty girl , cross he way on she bicycle . a big bag be strapped to the baggage carrier . schoolteacher : hello. eva ( pass by ) : hello . the schoolteacher stop , turn to the girl : schoolteacher ( hesitantly ) : Excuse I ! eva ( off ) : yes ? schoolteacher ( embarrassed ) : Excuse I for accost you this way . you be the new nanny of the Baron 's child , be not you ? we hear the bicycle stop . eva ( o.s. ) : why ? the schoolteacher have turn around and now move toward the girl . schoolteacher : they say you be from oberdorf . eva : who say that ? schoolteacher : folk around here . eva : oh. so what ? schoolteacher : nothing . I do not know . sorry . I be the schoolteacher here . I just think I ... I do not know ( he laugh embarrassed ) : when I see you , I think ... I be from grundbach ... I be the tailor 's son ... eva : I know . schoolteacher ( confuse ) : what ? eva : the baroness already tell I . schoolteacher : what do she tell you ? 15 eva : that the schoolteacher be from the village next to mine . schoolteacher ( laugh ) : oh , I see ! yes. well ... I think ... ( he point at the bag on the baggage carrier ) : you look as if you be go there ... eva : where ? schoolteacher : back home . to oberdorf . eva ( do not understand what he 's refer to ) : yes ? schoolteacher : be you go there ? eva : yes , I be . schoolteacher ( do not know what to say ) : well , I think ... since you will cycle through we village ... you might perhaps ... ( he 's think , look down and see the fish ) : ... say hello to my father and ( laugh at he own idea , he hold up a fish ) bring he one of the fish . they be fresh . I just catch they . now Eva laugh too . eva : what ?! schoolteacher ( smile as if to apologize ) : well . I be sure he would be delighted . especially as it 's the start of the weekend . she nod at the fish . the absurdity of the suggestion amuse she . at the same time she do not really know how to behave . eva : well , how ... the schoolteacher hold up the fish , laugh , as if he himself do not how he get this idea . schoolteacher : I do not know either . unfortunately , I have nothing to wrap they in . the both laugh . pause . then the girl point at the bag on the baggage carrier of she bicycle and say regretfully : eva : neither have i. unfortunately . the schoolteacher have a new " idea " : schoolteacher ( " amused " ) : I could give you some fishing line , to tie they up . eva ( equally amused ) : there on the bicycle ?! the schoolteacher shrug he shoulder with a smile ( " why not " ) . eva : I do not think that 's a very good idea . 16 schoolteacher : you be right . it be just a idea . eva : yes. embarrass pause . then schoolteacher : be that you bicycle ? eva ( " what a idea ! " ) : no ! it belong to the estate . schoolteacher : I see . pause . schoolteacher : be this you first day off ? eva ( rather suspicious because all this be too intimate for she ) : yes. schoolteacher : well , you be probably look forward to be at home . eva : yes , I be . schoolteacher : I can imagine . pause . then eva say ( put the pedal and handlebar in a " ready to leave " position ) : well . I have still a long way to go . schoolteacher ( step back ) : of course . well , good - bye . eva : good-bye . she 's about to ride off . schoolteacher ( with a smile ) : if you cycle through grundbach and see my father , at least say hello to he from I . eva : I do not know you father . schoolteacher : that 's true . they look at each other for a while and then Eva ride off . the camera follows she . Eva and the bicycle be totter a bit . the girl look around and shout , laugh : eva : I only learn to ride a bicycle today ! schoolteacher ( now o.s. , also shouting ) : well , you be do fine ! but be careful ! as she pick up speed , Eva ride better and soon be just a speck on the dusty country road . 17 13 . the doctor' house int / dusk it 's still too early to switch on the light . xenia and little rudolph be sit in the kitchen , eat . for quite a while . suddenly rudolph : the woman today . what be wrong with she ? xenia ( eat ) : which woman ? oh , I see . she be dead . pause . then rudolph : what 's that ? xenia : what ? rudolph : Dead . xenia look up from she meal . xenia : what 's dead ? my God , that 's when someone do not live anymore . when he 's stop live . silence . then rudolph : when do one stop live ? xenia look up from she meal again . now she try to talk more seriously to she brother because she understand that this question matter to he . but she 's also feel uneasy and put on . xenia : when you be too old or very ill . rudolph : and the woman ? xenia : she have a accident . rudolph : a accident ? xenia : yes . that 's when you hurt yourself very badly . rudolph : like dad ? xenia : yes , but much worse than that . so bad , that you body can not take it anymore . another silence : then rudolph : and then you be dead ? xenia : yes . but most people do not have a accident . rudolph : that mean they do not need to die ? xenia : no , they die much later . rudolph : when ? xenia : later , when they be very old . Long pause . 18 rudolph : do all people die ? xenia : yes . rudolph : all of they , really ? xenia : yes , everyone die . rudolph : but not you , xeni ? xenia : I too . everyone . rudolph : but not dad ? xenia : dad too . rudolph : I too ? xenia : you too . but not before a very very long time . all of we , only in a very long time . rudolph : and you can not do anything against it ? it have to happen ? xenia : it have to happen . but not now , not for a very long time . Long pause . then rudolph : and Mom ? she do not go on a trip ? pause . rudolph : be she dead too ? pause . xenia : yes . she 's dead too . but that be a long time ago . both remain silent . in the meantime it have grow dark in the kitchen . suddenly , rudolph brushes away he plate off the table with a angry movement , and turn away from xenia . the plate shatter on the floor . at first xenia be stunne , paralyze . then she start to sob , but try to hide it from she brother . 14 . rectory . dine room . int / night while we hear the sound of the punishment and the child be beat , counting the stroke with increase moan and stifle whining , we see ( close angle ) the face of the other brother and sister . some have turn away they face , and other start to cry with pity and fear . finally both have receive they 10 stroke . close angle : the pastor . he be breathless and bead of sweat on he forehead . pastor : there . 19 he hand Martin the cane . close angle : Martin . here , take the cane and put it back in its place . as Martin be about to go , he father go on : but first you can thank I for try to protect you from any further misconduct . close angle : Marie . you know how much I love you and how much it hurt I to inflict such pain on you . today be a very sad day in my life , and I hope for all of we that it do not happen again . close angle : both kiss they father 's hand . close angle : the pastor . pastor ( smile ) : and now hug I . there 's nothing we have to forgive each other anymore . I love you with all my heart . he first hug Marie who , she face still wet with tear , try a force smile and then Martin . then , the pastor turn to he wife : pastor : now the ribbon , Anna . Anna go toward the two child , tie a white ribbon around Martin 's upper arm and another in Marie 's hair . pastor : this will remain on you until we be all sure you have learn how to fight bad thought and manners . you be well aware , this year you will receive Christ 's body in the form of bread and wine . until then , strive to be free of sinful thought . now let 's eat . Martin carry the cane out of the room . the pastor and the other child sit around the table . Marie leave the room with she mother . after all the other have sit down and put they plate back where they be before the punishment , the two come back with two soup bowl and put they on the table . Martin have also come back and sit down at he place beside he father . the pastor fold he hand in prayer , the other follow suit . pastor ( very friendly ) : Marie , would you say grace today ? marie ( smile eagerly ) : with pleasure , father . she bow she head , so do the other . marie : come Lord Jesus and be we guest and bless what you have give to we . pastor : amen . bless be this meal . the other : bless be this meal . 20 the mother and Marie open the soup tureen and hand out the soup . then they eat . 15 . farm int / night the body of the farmer 's wife have be laid out . the candle to its leave and right be almost burnt out . its very quiet . Little five - year old sepp sneak into the room , bare - foot and wear a shirt . he hesitates . then , slowly and carefully , he come over to he dead mother . he end up stand beside the bed . the face of the dead woman be cover with a white handkerchief . sepp be very frighten . he make several attempt before he dare to lift the handkerchief . then he watch she , breathless , he eye and mouth wide open . suddenly , startle by a noise , he jerk back . he turn around : he 14 - year old brother Paul be sit on a bench against the wall . he too only wear a shirt . sepp ( surprised , with a whisper voice ) : pauli ?! Paul do not say a word . sepp do not know what to do . he look at he mother again , then again at he brother . he go over to he and sit beside he on the bench . like bird in a cage , they remain seat in the dark . very close together . 16 . estate . the steward house . live room . bedroom . int / night the steward and he child liesl ( 15 ) , georg and ferdinand ( 10 ) ] be wait for something . then the door open and the midwife come out . she tell they to come into the other room . narrator : that night , the wife of the steward give birth to she fourth and last child at the age of 42 . the child want to follow they father . at least liesl , a chubby and good - nature teenager , rather plain , can not wait to go in . but the midwife tell they to be patient , and only the father be let through . liesl ( burn with curiosity ) : what be it ? midwife ( smile ) : well , what do you think ? liesl ( shake she head impatiently ) : I do not know . midwife : it 's a boy . ferdinand : oh God ! 21 midwife : what do you mean ?! do not you want a brother ? ferdinand : pff ! midwife : you be lucky you father can not hear you . instead of the father , georg hit he brother on the back of the head . they quarrel . midwife : stop that ! she step in and distribute a few smack . liesl run out of the room howling . midwife : you should be ashamed . ferdinand ( suddenly , as if he would become another person ) : sorry . the midwife look at he , confuse . 17 . track near the farm ext / dawn the farmer , franz and Paul leave the farm , they go to work . the two oldest carry scythes . in the background vast field of crop . the three walk hurriedly . after a while franz ( hesitantly ) : Father , I have to tell you something . farmer : what be it ? franz : I go to the sawmill . the farmer keep on walk as if he have not hear . franz look at he from the side . for a long moment he remain silent , while all three keep walk . then , franz go on softly : the floor , on the first level , where mother work , be totally rotten . they keep on walk . the steward , who send she there , must have know it . and the landowner too . the farmer remain silent . they keep walk . Father ?! farmer ( hostile ) : what do you want ? franz ( do not understand he father 's refusal ) : they send she there know it be dangerous . the farmer stop , turn to franz : farmer ( aggressive ) : what be you get at ? franz ( do not understand ) : but ... 22 farmer ( furious , but with force calm ) : do you want I to sue the Baron ? or kill the steward ? franz : I ... farmer : go and cut off he head of with you scythe . sure , that will bring you mother back to life . he turn away from franz and keep on walk . the other follow . after a few step franz ( softly ) : I think we father love we mother . suddenly the farmer stop and scream , almost cry with fury and despair : farmer : shut up ! close angle : Paul . he be listen carefully the whole time . he look at the father . then , lower he eye . narrator : after this two day in July , life in the village return to what it have always be ... 18 . montage ext / ins./day / night a ) harvest . even teenager and child be use to tie the sheave and to do other easier job . narrator : ... the daily harvest drive the people almost to exhaustion . most of the child be busy help they parent . b ) the midwife be do housework in the Doctor 's house . a quarrel between she retarded son and the 4 - year old rudolph ( that we barely can follow due to the narrator 's voice , o.s. ) be settle by the midwife in favor of she son . for the time be , the doctor remain in the hospital . in the meantime the midwife cater the basic need of xenia and rudolph , he two child . after the burial of the farmer 's wife , that be attend by the whole village , the two accident be soon forget ... 19 . manor ext / day narrator : ... until the harvest festival at the end of the summer bring the whole village 23 together again , first in a festive hustle and bustle , and then in horror and perplexity . the courtyard be full of people , dress in they Sunday best : farmer , seasonal - worker , people from the village , child and teenager . a dance hall have be set up . on it we see the landowner , the steward and the pastor with they family . a couple of young woman , a delegation of the harvester , go over to present the harvest crown to the landowner . harvester : ... with we song and we prayer we have gather the rye and give that crown to you lordship . it be not big , it be not small , but pretty , nice and fine . not with thistles or thorns be it make , but with pure grain . have we lordship sow more , the man would have scythed more and we girl gather more . we girl have gather the grain , over mountain and valley , over thistles and thorn , over the field of we lordship . I wish we lordship a happy life , as many year as there 's sand on the beach as many year as there be drop in the rain so much may we lordship be bless . and as a reward to be of good cheer we would like for we folk a barrel of beer , and if we could have a fry goose perchance then we will all be ready to dance . during the poem , the camera have show all that we have meet until now . they have all ( except for the Doctor , the farmer and he two eldest son ) come to the feast . while all the folk present laugh and shout , the may , with a clumsy curtsy , hand over the harvest crown to the Baron . the village band play a fanfare . as soon as the hullabaloo have die down baron ( answer ) : my thanks to all of you . thank you very much . you have work well and the heaven be merciful , and now the barn be full . therefore there 's more than enough beer , and you will not starve today . he point to the open barn , where food and beer be wait . in front of the barn be table with long bench . baron : enjoy you meal !! eat and drink as much as you wish . you deserve it . 24 again the people yell and cheer . then , the music start and the feast be off and run . 20 . vegetable garden of the manor ext / day the vegetable garden be at the back of the manor house . in the distance we hear the music from the feast . franz , in work clothes , come over , open a gate in the fence , then go to a large field with the cabbage and slice they all off with he scythe . the whole scene look like a mass execution . 21 . estate ext / day the party be in full swing : people dance and shout , child run around , young man quarrel and show off in front of the young girl . older woman be stand around in group , gossipe . some farmer be gather around the landowner ­ he be friendly with they , but we do not understand what they be talk about . his wife , with she nervous frailty , look out of place in this crowd . she 's talk to the schoolteacher . beatrix : ...did not you promise we a little chorale sung by you protégés . schoolteacher : you have to talk to the pastor , baroness . we be still busy study the choir piece for the confirmation feast . beatrix ( amused ) : but that 's in spring , my dear . this be the start of autumn . schoolteacher ( smile , embarrassed ) : I know , but unfortunately not all of we little singer be very musical . I be sorry if ... 22 . estate . under the lime tree . ext / day a quieter part of the estate . under a big shadowy tree , we see the two stroller of the landowner 's family , a small table and a few chair . Eva be sit beside the twin and watch the colorful bustle . sitting beside she , turn she back to the manor , be Emma , the steward 's wife who be breastfeed she baby . the steward separate from a group of man and come over to the two woman . as he come over , he shout to they : 25 steward : well , you two " mother " ? do not you want to be part of the festivity ? Eva look at the steward 's wife , not know , how to react to the " mother joke " . but the slightly naive wife of the steward be basically fond of any joke she husband crack . she turn halfway to he and say : emma : it 's so nice here in the shade . in the meantime the steward have come over . he 's smoking a pipe . steward ( in excellent mood ) : well , we son seem to be enjoy that , right ?! emma : yes. steward : I can imagine . who would not like that . emma ( rebuke he gently ) : georg ! steward ( to Eva ) : what about you ? do not you get bored take care of other people 's child , with all the young lad over there ? eva ( uneasy , with force sweetness ) : no Sir , I love to be with the child . he give he wife a short glance , then sit on a chair beside Eva : how old be you anyway ? eva : eighteen , sir. steward : eighteen ! and you want I to believe you would rather hold the baroness 's baby in you arm than you true love ? emma ( good-naturedly ) : come on , georg , leave she alone . steward : I be not do she any harm . can you get we something to eat , Emma ? eva ( stand up , to Emma ) : if you mind the child for a moment , I will get we something . steward ( stand up too ) : do not worry , princess , I be go . not to panic . 23 . estate . the path leading to the vegetable garden . ext / day a bunch of child between 5 and 15 , dress up in they Sunday best , among they Marie and Martin , both wear they white ribbon , the pastor 's other 26 child , xenia , rudolph as well as han , liesl , georg , ferdinand and sigi . they leave the manor and head toward the field . as they pass by the vegetable garden , they notice the slice off cabbage and stop . some laugh at it , other be unsettle . most of the child keep run on out into the open field . 24 . estate . outside the barn . ext / day farmhand and tenant farmer be eat at the table . one of they tell a story , that we only partially understand because of all the noise : first tenant farmer : ... so the guy really try to steal the rooster from the steeple . he be already completely pickle , but even then they could not stop he . a huge , massive guy , you see . so they just let he go , say to themselves : if he fall down , he fall down , that 's it . but he do not get much farther than the first window , that 's where the trellis end , see . and even with all he strength , he could not hoist himself up on the lightning rod . so the guy stand up there in the window . and what do you think that idiot do : he start to crow ! he crow , shouting : I be the rooster on the steeple . you will never catch I ! he make such a commotion that little by little the people in the neighborhood start to wake up ... at the same time someone else start to shout , cause the other to join in : farmhand and farmer : more beer , more beer , or I will fall down , hurray ! more beer , more beer , or I will fall down . have the landlord hang himself , that he do not serve I any beer ? more beer , more beer , or I will fall down ! laughter . leni , franz 's sister , and another farmgirl do they best to cater to the drinker 's thirst as fast as possible . the two young woman try to keep they spirit up , but the guest 's indelicate joke and rude gesture do not make it easy . leni : I be come . I have not get a magic wand . first farmhand ( with a grin ) : shall I help you , leni ? I would love to help you . second farmhand ( also grin ) : what do you want to help she with ?! laughter . first farmhand : all over . Front and backside . 27 more laughter . third farmhand ( to leni ) : be you as slow with the Baron ? second tenant farmer : come on , leave she alone second farmhand : you like she that much ? go and help she . FOURTH farmhand ( sit beside the second , almost in a whisper ) : do not you know : it be she mother who have that accident ?... at the same time a boy of ten come over to the first farmer and butt in to he story : boy : Father , they cut off the Baron 's cabbage . first tenant farmer : what 's that ? boy ( grin ) : they cut off the Baron 's cabbage . leni , who 's just put some glass with beer on the table , glare at the boy , flabbergasted . 25 . estate . dance floor . ext / day on the dance floor , Eva and the schoolteacher try to dance . neither be very talented . Eva keep look at she foot and smile , embarrassed . eva : I never learn it . schoolteacher ( also with a smile ) : neither do I . you just have to count out loud . one. two . Three . one. two. three. one ... they step be far too big . they look clumsy and embarrassed , but happy . after a few spin eva : be not you afraid you student might laugh at you , when they see you dance with I that way , sir . schoolteacher ( laugh ) : they would better not ! and stop be so formal with I . I be not that old , be I ? Eva laugh , embarrassed and look down . eva : one. two . Three . one. two. Three . one. two. Three . one. two . Three . schoolteacher : you see : we be get better . eva : well . schoolteacher : stop look at you foot . 28 she lift she head , look at he and ... stumble . they laugh and start again . 26 . vegetable garden ext / day music of the village band can be hear come from the manor . the baroness reach the vegetable garden , follow by the pastor 's wife , the tutor and some " lady " from the village . behind the fence , among the " behead " cabbage be the Baron , the steward and some farmer . a couple of curious onlooker have gather by the fence . mutter , and now and then laughter . the Baron turn to he wife and , with a snicker , point to the " head " lie around he . baron : quite a job , be not it ?! the baroness look at the extent of the disaster . then say , revolt : baroness : this be disgusting . the steward come over to they and , with a little grin , comment on the sensitivity of he master : steward : it use to be a old custom ( he quote ) : " now that the harvest 's do , " it 's time to pay we , every one , " any miser who leave we in a rut , " he shall have he cabbage cut . the baroness , who do not think the symbolic character of the deed be funny at all , look briefly at he and then back again at the cabbage cemetery . suddenly , she turn away and leave the scene head toward the manor . she make she way through the bystander , who step aside to let she through . 27 . rectory . study . int / dusk the pastor work at he desk . suddenly a knock on the door pastor ( look up ) : come in florian come hesitantly through the door . pastor : what do you want ? florian ( shy , almost frighten ) : I would like to ask you something , Father . pastor : yes ? 29 the boy come over to the desk , open a few button of he shirt and then seize something inside . in the open shirt we see the head of a little bird . pastor : so what ? florian : I have find it . it 's wounded . short pause . pastor : what do you want ? florian ( pleadingly ) : May I keep it ? short pause . the pastor be move by the request of he youngest son , but manage to hide he emotion skillfully . pastor : how do you plan to do that ? florian : we will heal it . pastor ( softly ) : and when it 's heal ? florian look at he with round eye , he do not know what to answer . the pastor continue : do not you think , you will be attach to it then ? will you let it fly away ? florian think , then nod toward a cage behind the desk . florian : " pipsi " also life in a cage . the pastor look at the cage shortly , hide a smile and turn to florian again : pastor : yes , but pipsi grow up in captivity . ( nodd at florian 's bird ) : this one be use to live in freedom . florian do not know what to answer . so he merely look at he father with plead eye . pastor ( repeat ) : will you set he free , as soon he 's heal ? florian , look down and nod with a heavy heart . pastor : have you already ask mother ? florian nod eagerly . pastor : and ? what do she say ? florian : she say , it be for Father to decide . pastor ( smile faintly ) : that 's what she say ? florian nod eagerly and look at he father with eye that be plead with expectation . pastor : you will really to take care of it ? that 's a heavy responsibility . you know that , do not you ? sense that he father be not quite against it , florian nod eagerly . 30 pastor : well . you be its father and mother now . florian nod yet more eagerly , if that 's possible . the pastor find it difficult not to smile : we will have to find a cage for you patient . florian can hardly believe it . he would like to fling he arm around he father 's neck , but do not dare . so he just keep stand there , beam . florian : thanks , Father ! 28 . track to the farm ext / dusk leni come along the track , excited . she be almost run . she reach the farm and disappear inside . 29 . farm . room . int / dusk the family be eat . they're in work clothes , since they do not attend the Thanksgiving feast . only leni , who visibly just come into the room , be still wear the clothes she wear at the feast . she 's out of breath and very excited . the farmer look very concerned . farmer ( to franz ) : be that true ? franz ( hostile , keep on eat ) : I do not know nothing . farmer ( threaten ) : be ­ that - true ?! franz ( look at he , aggressively ) : nothing be true ! and even if it be true , so what ?! serve he right , that miser ! farmer ( try to control himself ) : do you do it , or do you not do it ? franz do not answer and keep on eat . leni : it seem somebody see you . for a moment franz remain calm , then he burst out : franz ( to leni ) : so what ? they should be glad that they still have they own head . ( to the farmer ) and I want you to know this , Father : I be proud of it ! the father respond to this by slapping he face hard . franz jump up . farmer ( order franz without look at he ) : sit down ! for a moment , we do not know how franz will behave . sitting on the corner bench , he 's jamme between he 31 father and he brother and sister , who stare at the table , embarrassed . only Paul , who sit opposite he brother , look up at he . franz finally sit down again . silence . the farmer stare at he plate , try to speak softly , which be obviously difficult for he , to judge by the sound of he voice . farmer : what do you intend to do ? as franz do not answer , he look up , right into franz 's face , who avoid he father 's eye . farmer : well ? farmer : tell I . franz keep on glaring straight ahead . the farmer adopt a gentler tone . come on . tell I : franz ( who can hardly speak ) : you know why , Father . farmer ( after a pause ) : because of you mother ? because you feel they be responsible for she death ? be that it ? what do you think ? that I be not man enough to settle this ? it 's that what you think ? franz keep on glaring , remain silent . the father try to stay calm , stare straight ahead . he take a spoon and eat twice from the milk soup . he put down the spoon , and look at franz again . do you ever think of what you behavior can mean for the whole family ? if leni lose she job , which enable we to keep we head above water for the whole year ? what if we can not work there anymore during the summer ? franz make a impatient movement , take raise he spoon and want to go on eat . the farmer grab he arm and slam it down . the two stare at each other . for a moment , we do not know what will happen . then the farmer go on : you want to marry and take over the farm in two year ? yes ? and how will you feed they all ( he point with he head at the other child ) without the help of the manor , tell I ? franz turn he head away . he disagree , but do not know what to answer . the farmer go on : 32 and how do you know they be responsible ? franz turn to he abruptly : franz : and how do you know they be innocent ? the farmer look at franz with round eye . a long pause follow . then the farmer say ( quietly ) : I do not know . and after another pause . farmer : but I do not know the opposite either . 30 . manor . stairwell . int / night the Baron stand at the bottom and shout up at the tutor who 's stand on the stair : baron :... what do you mean " not there " ? tutor ( sheepish ) : he ... disappear . I `ve already look everywhere . I can not find he . baron : nonsense . he can not have vanish into thin air . when do you see he last ? tutor ( as above ) : around 2 o'clock . baron ( he anger mount ) : around two ? do you know what time it be ?! tutor ( guiltily ) : I know , sir. furious , the landowner turn away from the nincompoop , pensive . then he turn to the tutor again : baron : what do my wife say , do not she have any clue ? tutor : Madame send I to you , Baron . she be beside herself with fear . baron ( wryly ) : I can imagine . ( look up to the tutor ) : you be a idiot , Huber . why do you think you be here ? to take care of a single child ! be that such a hard task ? tutor ( softly ) : I be awfully sorry , Baron . baron : you be even too stupid for that . the Baron turn away and head for the door . then he turn around again and ask : 33 baron : where do you see my son for the last time ? tutor : outside , in the courtyard . he say , he be go to play with the other child . baron : where ? tutor : that he do not say . baron : and my wife do not notice anything either ? tutor : after that business with the cabbage head , Madame retire to she room . she be indispose . baron ( sarcastically ) : indispose ?! tutor : yes . she have a terrible migraine attack . baron ( almost to himself ) : my God , this place be a zoo ! he turn away and go out into the courtyard . the tutor follow he with he eye . he feel he 's be badly treat and hate the Baron for he insult . finally he go back up the stair . 31 . manor . ext / night back to the scene . the torch of the feast have almost burn out . here and there we see some lantern , put there to facilitate the clean up . come from the front door , the Baron cross the vast courtyard . half way across he scream : baron : bräker !! the steward be oversee a dozen farmhand , who be put the table and the bench of the feast back the barn . he walk toward the Baron . baron . have you see my son ? steward ( surprised ) : no. baron ( quietly ) : could you please ask you boy . apparently , sigi have disappear with a whole bunch of kid . steward : immediately . ( shouting to the farmhand ) : when you be finish with the clean up , wait for I . there 's still a job to do . get some fresh torch and lantern ! baron : in the meantime I will go round up the man . 34 the steward go to he house , the Baron to the outbuilding . there , he switch on the siren . narrator : the steward 's child say , they have see sigi only for a short time , that he have go off with other kid , and that they do not pay much attention to it ... 32 . montage ext / int / night in the courtyard . many man of different age with lantern and torch . the Baron make a short speech and the steward assign the area to be searched . most of this be drown out by the narrator 's voice . narrator : ... the search begin shortly after midnight . before , the Baron have ride to the rectory . but there he find out nothing new from the child who have be specially wake up . stable and outbuildings of the estate . various landsccape : forest , field , river meadow . the search . the searcher , who be tired and some of whom be still drunk , be divide into two group : one group start to search all the building on the estate , one by one , while the other comb the surround area . it be around half past two , when some member of the search party have already prefer to lie down somewhere and to sleep off they drunkenness , that the siren suddenly sound again , call the man back to the courtyard ... in the courtyard . the man come in with a stretcher . ... they have find sigi . he have be tie up in the old sawmill , upside down . his trousers have be pull down and he buttock be bleed from cane stroke . he seem to be in a state of shock , be unable to walk and have to be bring back to the manor on a makeshift stretcher , lie on he belly . 33 . church int / day the room be pack . the whole village be gather . 35 narrator : the next Sunday , the Baron , at the end of the service , ask the pastor if he could say a few word : baron : you all know now what be do to my son siegmund . policeman from the district town be here this week . they question many of you . but to no avail . first I think that the people who torture my child be the same people who cut off my family 's " cabbage head " ... unrest in the attendance . ... because they want to " get even " . get even for what ? because they mother have die while she be work in the sawmill , and it be supposedly my fault , which be a absurd assertion . the farmer , leni and the other child be there , with the exception of franz . the unrest grow . at least , that 's what franz felder give as the motive for he " mow prowess " , when the policeman arrest he . I have always support the farmer felder and he family , but one can not always expect people to be grateful . that 's a matter of character . the farmer want to leave the church . baron : do not run away , felder . it 's you honor I want to salvage . it have turn out that the valiant franz felder have be boast of he feat in front of he fiancée . then the coward that he be , hide among he family , and so he do not have time to torture my son . and there 's one thing I know for sure : the senior felder would rather bite off he tongue , than cover for he wayward son . May I remind you something what most of you have already forget . almost two month ago , the doctor have a riding accident and he have still not return from the hospital . this accident be cause by a wire that have be strung in he garden with the explicit intent of bring he down . and in that case too , nobody know anything , see anything or hear anything . 36 disconcert mutter among the attendance . we all know that the people responsible for the terrible injury suffer by my son , and that suffer by the doctor be sit here among we , in this room . I will not tolerate that crime of this nature go unpunish . I do not wish something similar to happen to any of you child . that 's why I call upon you all to help I find the culprit or the culprit . ask question , keep you ear open , be watchful . if we fail to find out the truth , the peace within we community will be go . thank you , pastor . the pastor say a few last word which we do not grasp , that the narrator 's voice drown out . the people file out of the church , quietly and slowly , but talk worriedly to each other . narrator : the landowner 's speech frighten the people . most know about the incident at the Thanksgiving feast . but the majority do not know exactly what have happen , and in the end they do not care . the Baron be not really popular among the people , but he be respected as a powerful social figure , as well as the employer of nearly the whole village . 34 . in front of the church ext / day back to the scene . the people be leave the church , group be form . as the farmer felder and he child come out , they be shunne . gauntlet down the village street . the camera follow . narrator : ... his threat about loose the peace of the community could not mean anything good . at the same time the mysterious character of what be obviously criminal deed feed the mistrust of the farmer , deeply roote since time immemorial . 35 . school . int / night the empty classroom . on the harmonium : a petroleum lamp . the schoolteacher be playing . after a while , someone knock at the door . the schoolteacher stop . schoolteacher ( surprised ) : come in ! 37 the door open hesitantly . in the dark : Eva ( hardly recognizable because she 's so far from the lamp ) . schoolteacher ( surprised and glad ) : eva! eva ( hardly understandable ) : May I come in ? the schoolteacher stand up , go toward and , laugh with surprise , say to she . schoolteacher : what a question . of course . come in . what happen . Eva enter the room and close the door behind she . she 's carry a suitcase . shyly she look around and do not say a word . schoolteacher : come over here . it 's so dark . come on . he move toward the lamp and wait half - way because she do not follow . schoolteacher : what 's go on ? eva : they fire I . schoolteacher ( startle ) : what do you mean ? she shrug she shoulder . eva : nothing . they just throw I out ( pause , then ) the tutor have also be fire . suddenly , in the middle of a sentence , she burst into flood of tear . at the same time she turn away from the schoolteacher . he go over to she , and stop in front of she , but be too shy to touch she . suddenly she turn to he again and say , sobbing : I do not know where to go . I can not go back home in the middle of the night . I be afraid to walk on the road all alone . schoolteacher ( calming she down ) : do not worry . try to calm down . there 's nothing to worry about . 38 eva ( sobbing , childish ) : there be . schoolteacher ( with a calming smile ) : come here and sit down . please calm down and then tell I what happen . all right ? she 's sit down on the school bench beside she . the schoolteacher sit on he haunch in front of she : well ?! it take she time to calm down . what happen ? slowly she manage to calm down , breathes deeply a few time . the schoolteacher be visibly charme by she childish despair . eva : the son of the Baron be not at all well . his parent be angry and desperate . now they say that it 's the tutor 's and my fault , because we do not pay enough attention to he . but I be only there for the twin . she start to sob again : I have always take care of they very well . when you and I be dance , the baroness have give I permission . I have not do anything wrong , really . schoolteacher : I know , come on . stop cry ! eva : where shall I go now ? we need the money I be earning here . schoolteacher : you will find something else . besides , you know very well that the Baron be quick -tempere . with he , nothing be ever as bad as it seem . eva ( fiercely shaking she head ) : no , no , that 's all over now , I know it . the baroness do not want to see anyone . she want to take the child with she to town or to she parent 's estate ­ I do not know exactly . 39 schoolteacher : ( after a pause ) : I will try to talk to she . a while back , we play music together . ( with a smile ) : unfortunately , I be not very good . now she 's get the tutor , he play better . as far as I know , he 's be study music in town . eva ( forget she grief a bit ) : he do not play that well . schoolteacher : that 's true . eva ( after a pause , serious again ) : who could have do such thing ? schoolteacher : what ? eva : to beat a child that way . schoolteacher : I do not know . Long pause . then she say softly : eva : can I stay here tonight ? do not send I away , sir , please . schoolteacher : how can you think something like that ? eva : I will just wait for the daylight to come . here in the classroom . then I will leave . suddenly she start to cry again : they will not understand this , at home . they will think I do something wrong . pause . then the schoolteacher : do you want I to come with you . she stop cry and look at he , surprised . 40 eva : what do you say ? schoolteacher ( cheerful ) : tomorrow , after school ? I can try to find we a carriage . I will be back by evening . eva : and why should you do that , Sir . schoolteacher : stop be so formal . eva ( after a break ) : why should you do this ? pause . then the schoolteacher stand up and say : schoolteacher : come here , I will play something for you . if you would like that . she think for a moment , then she nod eagerly . she follow he , as he go and settles in front of the harmonium . she sit on a bench nearby . he start to play . 36 . farm . pigsty . int / ext / day the farmer and Paul be clean the pigsty which be not very big . the pig grunt excitedly because of the disturbance . suddenly , franz enter . franz : good morning , Father . the farmer look up , keep on work as if nobody have come in . Paul greet franz with a nod , remain silent . after a while , they have do they work . ignoring franz , the farmer go outside . franz , who have step aside to let he father by , say to he as he go out : franz : I be back again . they set I free . at this , the farmer stop and turn around . he look franz right into the eye : farmer : I can see that . so what ? franz bow he head . Paul , who have follow he father , out of the pigsty , glance surreptitiously at he brother . the farmer go over to the fountain and wash himself . franz follow he slowly and stop beside he father , who keep ignore he . after a while 41 franz say ( softly ) : can not you forgive I , Father ? the farmer stop wash and turn to franz : farmer : what do you want I to forgive for ? that the estate will not give I any work now ? that leni have be fire in disgrace ? that you brother and sister soon will not have anything to eat . be that what you mean ? or be it something else ? 37 . country road and doctor' property ext / day the camera follow the carriage in which be Eva and the schoolteacher . narrator : the next day , after school , I go to the estate to inquire about sigi 's health and to intercede for Eva 's reinstatement . we be tell the baroness have leave that morning with she child . reluctantly , the steward leat I a carriage to take Eva home . a open carriage with the Doctor inside come from the opposite direction . the passenger of the two carriage greet each other . the camera follow the Doctor and loose Eva and the schoolteacher . the doctor have one arm in a sling . the Doctor 's carriage end up turn into he property . the driver help the doctor get out . xenia come run out of the house and greet she father . the driver unload the luggage . the doctor and xenia go into the house . just as we be leave the village , we meet the doctor . a few day after the Thanksgiving feast , rudolph , he four year old son , have suddenly disappear . of course , everybody be terribly upset in view of all the previous occurrence . finally , he be find walk down the road , scantily dress for a trip , head eagerly toward the town . when he be ask where he be go , he say he want to visit he father . seem he fight tooth and nail against be take home . somebody must have tell this to the Doctor . since he be schedule to be release from medical care anyway , he have prematurely put a end to he stay at the hospital . 42 38 . the doctor' house int / day back to the scene . stairwell . doctor ( call several time ) : rudi ? he throw a ironical inquire look at xenia . xenia shrug she shoulder , clueless : xenia : he be in the live room a short time ago . just as they be about to go to the live room , the driver come in with the luggage . the Doctor thanks he and pay he . the driver leave . xenia have be wait in the doorway . now they go together into the live room there 's nobody . they go into the kitchen kitchen . nobody . the look under the kitchen table , in the pantry . nobody . doctor : rudi ? where be you ? again the stairwell . the doctor do not know whether to be angry or to laugh about the whole matter . he go to he wardrobe to take he off he jacket . because of the sling , xenia have to help he . that 's when she notice the toilet . she tell she father with a smile . as xenia hang up the doctor 's jacket , he go to the toilet door and try to open it . it 's lock . the Doctor stop in front of it . doctor ( quiet ) : hello , rudi . do not you want to say hello to you father ? no ? pause : I hear you even want to visit I at the hospital . and now you lock yourself in ? pause . the doctor look shortly at xenia who 's carry the luggage upstairs . then he keep on talk to rudolph : all right . then , I do not want to see you either . I be go away now . you can stay in the toilet , if you want . he go down the few step to the entrance , wait a moment and then leave the house . 39 . property the doctor' ext / day back to the scene . 43 the doctor step out of the door , and wander through the garden . he go over to the tree , where the wire have be strung . he examine the trace of the wire on the bark . he light a cigar , then look out at the mow field . after a while xenia come over to he . he glance at she , then again at the field . both remain silent . after a while xenia say : everything be ready in you practice . Mrs. wagner prepare everything yesterday . pause then doctor : why do you tell I that ? xenia look at he , surprised , shrug she shoulder . xenia : I do not know . I just think you might want to know . pause . doctor : have she take good care of you ? xenia : yes. pause . the doctor turn to xenia : doctor : how old be you now ? xenia : fourteen . the doctor look at she , laugh silently and shake he head . again he look out on the field . after a while he say : doctor : it 's amazing how much you look like you mother . xenia remain silent . suddenly she whisper : xenia : dad . the doctor turn to she . she nod toward the house . the doctor follow she look . indeed rudolph , who from here look even smaller than he really be , have step gingerly out of the door . unsure and undecided , tear between defiance and long , he 's keep one hand on the door handle that he can barely reach . 40 . rectory . study . int / night the pastor clean the cage of the small bird behind the desk and feed the animal . as he do it , he talk to 44 Martin , who , the white ribbon still tie around he upper arm , stand in front of the desk . pastor : you mother and I be deeply worried about you . think about it . be you sleep badly ? be you overtire ? martin ( as if he do not understand the question ) : no. pastor : do you have problem in school that I do not know ? martin ( as above ) : no , Father . the pastor turn shortly around to he son , look at he , then turn again to the bird . pastor : you probably do not understand why we worry . it come from a sad experience I want to tell you briefly about : as you know , I be also act as pastor for the community of birkenbrunn and hebern . in the latter place , some year ago , a mother come to see I . she have notice that she son , who be about the same age as you , and have the same symptom that you have be show for some time . although until then the boy have be healthy and active , suddenly he show a noticeable weariness , he have dark ring under the eye , seem depressed and joyless . the boy have also change emotionally : before he have be funny , frank , almost naughty , but now he become withdraw . he try not to look he parent in the eye , and be catch tell small and even big lie . the pastor have finish the clean and feed , and now sit down behind he desk , Martin opposite he : that last approximately half a year . then everything go very fast : he lose he appetite , could not sleep any more , he whole face take on the brownish color of the ring under he eye , he hand begin to shake , he memory state to fail he , he be cover with numerous small pustule , first on he face , then on he whole body and finally he die . the body , which I bless , look like the body of a old man . the pastor watch Martin : pastor : do you understand now why I be worried ? Martin react with a timid nod of he head . pastor : so , accord to you : what cause this change that lead to the miserable end of this boy ? martin ( hardly able to speak ) : I do not know . 45 pastor : I think you know well . Martin do not know what to say , he look down . the pastor watch he for a long moment , then he get up , walk around the desk and sit down on its edge , in front of the boy , so that they head be face each other . wo not you tell I ? no ? then I will tell you what the cause be : the boy have learn from someone , who have harme the finest nerve of he body , in the area where God 's will have erect sacred barrier . the boy imitate this action . he could not stop do it , so that at the end he destroy all the nerve in he body , and so much that he die of it . Martin seem very affect . he have bow he head , swallow several time , and hardly dare to breath . look at I , Martin . Martin look up fearfully , then immediately look away again . I just want to help you . I love you with all my heart . look at I . Martin look he father in the eye . be sincere , Martin . why do you blush and become so nervous when I tell you the story of the poor boy . martin : blushed ? I do not know ... I feel sorry for he . pastor : be that all ? no , Martin , there have to be another reason . it 's write on you face . be sincere , Martin . sincerity bring you closer to God , we beloved Father , and to all human being . martin ( start to cry ) : oh , my God ! he cry in a such pitiful way that even the pastor have tear in he eye . he embrace the boy . the latter seize the hand of he father and kiss it intensely . pastor : well , Martin , why be you cry ? shall I spare you that confession ? you too have do what that wretch boy do , have not you ? martin ( cry ) : oh my God ! yes. the screen goe black . 46 41 . the midwife's house . live room . int / night intercourse between the midwife and the doctor . she hold on to the sideboard , as he penetrate she from behind . both be fully dress , she have just lift she skirt . when he be ready , she turn around and put she arm around he . he let she do it , with a patronize smile and pull gently away from she . doctor : careful , my arm . she try to hide she frustration , sit down again with he at the table , on which be the leftover of they meal . with a little ironic smile , the doctor raise he glass to she . she take she glass and clink it with he . she drink . a embarrassed silence follow . finally , she say midwife : it 's great that you be back . it be about time . doctor : you can say that . yes . pause . midwife : it be difficult with the child , without you . doctor : I know . midwife : he do not like I . doctor : who ? midwife : rudi. doctor ( after a pause ) : he 's at a difficult age . midwife : actually not . pause . then : they be always at a difficult age . doctor ( more to himself , with a faint smile ) : yes. long pause . midwife : you do not miss I . doctor : come on . what be you say ?! midwife : nothing . I say it because it 's the truth . pause . doctor : there 's nothing like a nice dose of self - hate . midwife : what ? doctor : nothing . forget it . 47 after a pause , she reach over the table , take he hand , put she cheek against it . he let she do it , then take he hand from under she head and stroke she hair . 42 . church ext / day it 's snow . from the inside of the church , we hear the child 's choir : child ( sing in harmony ) : ...us free from all misery , that have hit we now . that old evil enemy , be serious about it , great power and much deceit be he cruel armor , no one on earth resemble he ...* over this : narrator : Winter come early that year . at the reformation feast on the first Sunday of November , a deep blanket of snow cover the village . the Baron , who have come back without he family , do not attend , which be very unusual for he ... 43 . church int / day immediate back to the scene . the community celebrate the reformation feast . the schoolteacher conduct the child 's choir . the child sing enthusiastically . Marie and Martin wear the white ribbon on they arm . narrator : ... the villager take that as a sign of he anger . indeed , no evidence have be find as to the possible author of the crime , although the Baron 's appeal have lead to a flood of mutual suspicion , even to some attempt of denunciation that have all turn out to be untenable . 48 44 . the steward house . int / night the doctor examine the steward 's baby that be cry . finally , he turn to the parent . doctor : well , it 's not pneumonia . but you must be careful . if he temperature rise , call I again . for the time be you must give this drop every two hour . and hang some wet sheet over the oven . that facilitate breathe . while the mother put the child back in the cradle , the doctor and the father go down the stairway to the live room . how long have the window be open ? steward : difficult to say . my wife nurse he at about one o'clock . when she come back , it be around half past two . at that time it be icy cold in this room . doctor : and the baby do not cry ? steward : no . the child be upstairs and do not hear anything either . they have reach the live room where liesl , georg and ferdinand get up as he come in . doctor ( to the child ) : he 's do all right , consider the circumstance . we have to wait . the child seem worried . to calm they the doctor add : for now we will have to wait . the steward have go to the sideboard . steward : can I offer you something to warm you up ? doctor : no , thanks . I be overload with work . when one have be away for so long ... steward : georg ! at a sign of the father , georg jump up and get the doctor 's coat and hat from outside . in the meantime , the father keep on chat with the doctor : and how be you arm do ? doctor : it 's all right . everything will be fine in two or three week . steward : that must be terrible , I imagine . you probably feel like half a man when you can not use you arm properly . georg have come back with the hat and the coat , and hand they to the doctor , doctor : thank you . the steward help he with he coat because of he bad arm . 49 doctor ( laugh ) : quod erat demonstrandum . thank you . well , good night , child . child : good night , doctor. doctor ( to the steward who hold the door open ) : thank you . if you wife think that the baby ... the steward close the door to the stairwell , so that we can not grasp the rest of they conversation . the child be alone . they remain silent . then ferdinand : well ... georg : what do you mean " well " ? ferdinand ( " dumb question , it 's obvious " ) : I mean ! that 's fine . pause . liesl ( to ferdinand ) : when do you go down to see Father ? down in he office . ferdinand : why ? liesl : just ask . 45 . snow -covered country road ext / day the schoolteacher , a rucksack on he back , walk through the snow which be only furrow by some carriage track . narrator : in mid - December , I finally get a letter from Eva . her father have find she a new job in the district capital , which she would start at the beginning of the New Year . since that night , where she have come look for shelter in the school and we have try to tell each other the story of we short life until the wee hour of the morning , I could no longer banish from my thought she pale face , she shy but frank personality and she shine hair red . the school holiday last until the morning after New Year 's Day , but already the second day after Christmas ­ the weather be cold but sunny ­ I go on my way to obersdorf in order to visit Eva and she parent . 50 46 . the horse - trader's live -room int / day a lower middle - class room . the schoolteacher sit in front of Eva and she sibling , 6 child between 14 and 6 , mostly red-haire like eva. embarrass silence . the young child whisper and giggle . the conversation be slow . after a long pause eva say : and sigi ? schoolteacher : I do not know . the baroness be not back yet . eva : and the Baron ? schoolteacher ( shrug ) : we hardly see he . he talk to nobody . I do not know . some say they have go to the south . to Italy . eva : to Italy ? really . pause . the child giggle , amused over the embarrassment of the two people . the schoolteacher and Eva look at each other , but Eva soon avert she eye . schoolteacher : they now want to tear down the sawmill for good . that 's what the steward say . because it be not worthwhile to ... at that moment the door open and Eva 's parent come in . obviously , the mother go to fetch the father . she be plump , in she late forty and only wear a woolen shawl over she shoulder . the father wear a hat and overcoat . he 's a sturdy man in he early fifty , of peasant stock . he probably come straight from a tavern , and appear to be slightly drunk . the schoolteacher , Eva and the child stand up . the schoolteacher bow deeply : schoolteacher : good morning . father : good morning , young man . they shake hand . father : please be seat . we be not very formal here . with a short movement of he hand the father invite he to sit down . father ( to the child ) : scram ! the child , rather sheepish since the arrival of they father , leave the room . the father unbutton he over coat , throw the hat on the sofa and sit down . the mother have remove she shawl and ask the schoolteacher : mother : would you like something to drink ? schoolteacher : no , thank you . very kind . mother : really ? schoolteacher : really . thank you very much . 51 the father sit down beside Eva and look at the schoolteacher . Eva appear to be awkward , and stare at the table in front of she . father : so you be a schoolteacher . schoolteacher : yes . father : can you afford to have a wife ? short embarrassed pause . schoolteacher : my father work as a tailor in grundbach . I have a apprentice 's diploma . so I earn quite a bit on the side father : you should have take over you father 's business , that would have be smarter . pause . well . and why be you so focus on that girl ? she 's almost still a child . you could almost be she father . schoolteacher ( smile ) : I be thirty - one . father ( grin ) : well , you can still handle what matter . mother ( embarrassed ) : Father ! Eva and the schoolteacher do not know where to look . father : let 's be serious : do you know whether she 's willing to get marry . she 's still a child . she have not see anything of the world . to Eva : say something . do you want he ? Eva wish the earth would engulf she . father : come on . do not make such a fuss . he walk all the way over through the fresh snow . mother : why do not you leave she alone . of course , she want he . can not you feel that ?! father : how can I ? if she keep she mouth shut ! Eva jump up and run out , so as not to burst into tear out of shame . the mother follow she , shaking she head disapprovingly at the father . the schoolteacher stand up , as Eva run out . he would rather follow she , but have to remain polite toward the father . the father say calmly : father : just sit down . that 's how woman be . a bit hysterical , the whole lot of they . listen . I be not a big talker . on one hand , it suit I for the girl to leave the house . we have a lot of mouth to feed , as you can see . 52 on the other hand , it 's all move a bit too fast for I . I do not know you . it 's not that I do not like you , but I need to get some information about you first . besides , the town hairdresser have agree to take she on as a apprentice . that way she will get to meet people and she can make up he mind whether she really want this or not . and if in a year 's time she have stick to this idea , we can l talk about it again . and you can make up you mind too , all right ? schoolteacher : I actually think I ... father ( interrupt he ) : I know , I know . but it 's either that or nothing . you get it ? schoolteacher ( after a short pause ) step back : if you insist ... father : yes , I do . he hold out he hand to the schoolteacher , who accept it after a brief hesitation . father : that 's it . I be pleased . well , business be wait . even on holiday . I will send the girl back in so that you can say good - bye . a year go by fast . the world will not collapse . and during you holiday you can come and visit she . good-bye . he leave the room . the schoolteacher be throw off balance by all this . he stand up and take a few step . he sit down again and think . finally , the door open and Eva enter . she do not really know what to do . neither do the schoolteacher . as she come in he stand up again . finally Eva go over to the table and sit down . the schoolteacher also sit down . they exchange a short glance and a equally brief smile . pause . schoolteacher say : do you father tell ...? eva : yes. pause . schoolteacher : be that all right with you ? pause . eva : be that all right with you , sir ? schoolteacher ( smile ) : do not be so formal with I . Eva look up . they eye meet . then she take he hand in she hand . they remain seat without say a word . 53 47 . rectory . the boy ' bedroom . int / night it be dark . Martin , Anton and florian , whom we do not recognize at first glance , be lie in they bed . through the window , a red glow , slowly get stronger . suddenly martin' voice : Toni ! be you awake ? Toni !! anton's voice ( half asleep ) : what be it ? martin voice : look . anton's voice : what 's happen ? martin voice : look ! look what 's happen out there !! now , Anton sit up slowly , rub he eye . anton be voice : my God , what do you want ? martin voice : over there !! have a look out of the window !! Anton turn to the window and look at the red glow . then he slip out of the bed and go to the window . suddenly , he be wide - awake : anton : something be burn ! over there at the estate ! martin : untie I ! Anton turn around to Martin , hesitates . martin : come on , untie I ! Anton do not really know what to do . he turn to the window again , then again to Martin . the latter scream angrily : I tell you to untie I !! anton : I do not know ... martin : I will beat you black and blue , if you do not untie I ! the loud dispute have now also awaken florian , who say in a drowsy voice : florian : what 's happen ? why can not you be quiet . martin : flori , come over and untie I ! florian : what 's go on ? martin ( yell ) : untie I , dammit !! you idiot ! it 's burn !! 54 florian : it 's burn ? florian get up himself and patter to the window . he look out and then say , amaze and enthusiastic : it 's burn ! martin ( imitate he angrily ) : ok , it 's burn ! now untie I , godammit ! florian look at Anton with question eye and then say to Martin : florian : but Father have not allow it ... reverse angle Pov of the two boy at the window toward Martin , who we see for the first from the front . his wrist be tie to the leave and the right side of the bed . try sit up , he pull furiously at he tie . martin ( furious ) : but if there 's a emergency , you idiot . somebody must warn they ! ( he yell loudly : faaaather !! mooooother !! Father ! frightened by he scream , Anton now go over to he and undoe he tie . anton : stop shouting . I will untie you . florian : shall I call mother ? we already hear hurried step in the corridor . the door open and the mother enter , dress in a nightgown . mother : what 's go on here ? Martin have just be untied . martin : it 's burn ! mother : I know . you father have already go . in the door , the girl appear after they mother . they have leave they room attract by the noise . the mother turn to they : mother : what be you do here ? ( to everyone ) : you all go to bed now . it 's nothing . there 's a fire on the estate . you do not need to be afraid . go to bed and sleep . come on , Marie , take you sister with you and go to you room . otherwise you will catch a cold . the girl disappear again . the mother turn to Martin : why do you make so much noise ? you wake we all up ! Martin do not know what to answer . then he say apologetically : martin : I think it be dangerous . anton ( apologize ) : I have to untie he hand . mother ( calming they down ) : now , everything 's all right again . tomorrow , Father will tell you what happen with the fire . all right ? now you 55 all get back to bed . I will wait till you be back in bed . it 's freezing cold outside . the three boy go back to bed . but first Anton tie up Martin 's hand again . he pull a blanket over he brother . then they all disappear under they blanket . mother : good night then . sleep well . martin , anton , florian : good night , Mom ! the mother close the door . come from outside , we can see the glow of the fire . 48 . estate ext / night establishing shot . a big barn be blaze fiercely . sound of the FIRE . against it we see , as silhouettes , the Baron , the steward and he wife , the pastor , and all that , who be vainly try to save thing . 49 . the steward house int / night in the child 's bedroom , light by the reflection from the nearby flame : liesl , georg and ferdinand . they stand at the window and stare into the flame . 50 . farm building / ext / day Paul discover he dead father in the pigsty . the farmer have hang himself up from a hook in the wall . the knock - over stool still lie beneath he dangle foot . Paul run from the stable out to the courtyard . he stop . then he tiptoe toward the stable door . as he touch the stable door , he lack the strength to go inside again . slowly he head for the live room . the child , who be gather , pay no attention to he . leni , who 's cooking , have look up from she work briefly . Paul sit down on the bench against the wall . it be quite dark in there . 51 . the doctor' house . office . int / day the doctor sit at he desk , the midwife sit on the visitor 's chair opposite he . she try to masturbate he . 56 this time , too , both be fully dress . over he clothes , the doctor wear a unbuttone white coat . he watch the woman for a while in she activity , then he say coldly : doctor : would not it be better if you stop do that ? it 's like a slap in the face . she look dumbfounded . doctor : why all the effort ? do not look at I so dumbfounded . it 's not that you lack talent ... it 's just that I can not do it with you any more , that 's all . to tell you the truth : you disgust I . he get up and button up he pants . she feel as if the world have collapse around she . please finish you work now ? I do not want to spend all night here . the midwife remain seat , she head bow , as if strike by a lightning midwife ( quietly ) : what do I do to you ? doctor ( irritate ) : my God , you have not do anything at all . you be ugly , you be messy , you be flabby and you have bad breath . be not that enough ? pause . he point at the examination couch on the other side of the small room , say casually : the upholstery have to be sterilize with boil water she remain immobile , and shoot a quick mechanical glance at the examination couch . he look at she . stop sit there as if you be carry all the world 's woe on you shoulder . the world will not collapse down . not on you , or on I . ( explain ) : I just want it to stop , that 's all . I have be try , but it 's just disgusting . I try to think of another woman when I be make love to you , a woman who smell good , who 's young one , one who 's less flabby than you , but my imagination can not handle it . in the end , it 's you again and then I just feel like throw up and be embarrassed at myself . so what 's the point ?! midwife : be you through ? doctor :( contemptuously ) ) : yes , I have be for age . he turn away . the midwife hardly move . she 's still sit on the visitor 's chair . it take she a lot of 57 strength not to faint ­ at the same time she speak out calmly . midwife : you must be very unhappy to be so mean . doctor : oh God ! please , not that routine ! midwife : I know that I be not much to look at . my bad breath come from my stomach , you know that very well . but it do not bother you in the past when we get together . I already have my ulcer when you wife be still alive . doctor : please spare I this sordid detail . but let I reassure you : it have always disgust I . I accept it , because I want to ease my pain after erika 's death and I do not care with whom . I could have screw a cow . whore be unfortunately too far from here and regrettably once every two month be not enough for I , even though I be get older . so skip you damn martyrdom routine and get out . pause . midwife ( keep on speak softly ) : why do this only occur to you now ? doctor : accord to you : when should it have occur to I ? at the hospital , I have forget how tiresome you be . one grow sentimental when one 's in pain . pause . doctor ( tired ) : get out . why do not you get out . do not you have any pride ? midwife ( equally tired ) : there 's no room for any with you . doctor : that 's true . midwife : be not you afraid that I might do something silly ? doctor ( laugh with disdain ) : go ahead . at least that would surprise I . but be careful : it might be painful . midwife : I know . I be ridiculous . you would not care anyway . doctor : well ... she look at he . 58 midwife : why do you despise I ? for help to raise the boy ? for watch you finger you little daughter and not say a word ? the doctor go over and slap she . tear start to run down she face , but after a short pause she keep on speak , " unmove " : for help you to deceive yourself ? for listen to you claim how unique you love for erika be , though the whole village know , how badly you treat she ? for loving you , although I know you can not stand be love ? the doctor snort with disdain . doctor : that 's it . now leave I alone . I have get work to do . she get up and make room for he . he sit down at the desk and " work " . she look down at he : midwife : you can not afford to get rid of I . who would do the dirty work for you , who would help you with the child , and here in you practice ? you be not speak seriously . you just want to see how far you can go , do not you : will she still put up with it or can I drag she even lower through the mud ? pause . the doctor " work " , as if he have not hear . she keep watch he for a while , and then say softly : I be tired too . I have get two retarded child : han and you . you be the one that give I most trouble . he look up at she . after a pause , he say : doctor : my God , why do not you just die ?! 52 . farm . ext / day Ray of cold winter sun . the man carry the coffin out of the house . some people be already wait outside . all wear mourn clothes . the coffin be shoulder , the funeral procession form , with the pallbearer and in the lead . the other who have gather in the house follow . Paul come out with sepp , whom he try to calm . finally leni come out and , in 59 word that we can not hear , ask the old midwife to look after the farm for a short while . she gather she sister and with they get in the funeral procession right behind the coffin . the procession start to move off . as it come around the corner of the farm to go down the path lead to the village , franz come toward they . muttering be hear from the villager . they do not know how to react . the procession slow down . franz come over . for a while he stand in front of the coffin , head bow . then he join he brother and sister . he and leni exchange a glance , then he take he place beside she . after he have motion to the coffin bearer , the procession start to move off again slowly , despite of the continue mutter . Paul , who be still carry sepp , look expectantly toward he older brother who squeeze he hand . Paul smile shyly . then franz take over little sepp , in the most natural way . for a long moment it almost look as if , despite of all the gloom , this people be not desperate . 53 . village and surrounding landscape ext / day various long shot of the snow - cover landscape . narrator : the year be come to a end with fine weather . the sun make the snowy landscape sparkle so brightly that it hurt the eye . none of we suspect that it would be the last time a year move on to the next in a era of peace , and that that same year a radical change would take place of which no one have the faintest inkling ... 54 . rectory . live room . int / day the decorate Christmas tree . outside bright sunlight . the pastor be take the white ribbon off Marie 's head and Martin 's arm . the rest of the family witness this almost solemn act . narrator : ... despite of the strange event , that have unsettle the village , we think of ourselves as united in the belief that the life in we community be God 's will and worth live . pastor : ... I take of this ribbon from you , in the belief that from now on you will no longer need it . you , Marie , will be accept this year as a full member of the church community . you will receive 60 Christ 's body as bread and as wine . May the time of preparation for the confirmation feast be one of happiness and enrichment . and you , Martin : from now on you shall not only be free of that ribbon , but also from that nightly tie that be intend to save you from yield to the temptation of you young body . for in a house full of festive expectation , you too , on you own , shall make you contribution to mental and physical purity . I trust in you , my beloved child , and wish you a profitable and happy new year . he stroke the child 's head . they kiss he hand . the mother embrace they heartily . 55 . estate ext / day springtime . the baroness , sigi and a new , a forty - ish nanny with the twin be get out of a carriage in front of the manor . narrator : shortly after Easter , in the last week of April , the baroness come back with the child . she be accompany by a new nurse . thus my secret hope that Eva would be able to come back here , have definitely be dash . the nurse be a chubby , middle - age italian who come , as everybody soon learn , from the town on the Mediterranean coast where the baroness have spend the winter . a may hurry out of the house with reinforcement , the baroness be be welcome respectfully and the luggage be be unload . the nurse give instruction in italian , which lead to some confusion . then the nanny talk to sigi who translate to the servant , laugh . besides , the boy look transformed : instead of he former pale skin color , he face now have a nice tan , he fair hair have be further bleach by the sun , he have grow taller and look altogether stronger and happier . the baroness too seem more relaxed and restore . she and sigi be about to go straight into the house when we hear , come from the other side of the courtyard ferdinand be voice : sigi ! sigi turn around . ferdinand have see he from the window and call . sigi wave back : sigi : hi , ferdinand ! ferdinand : wait ! I be come down ! sigi want to run over to the steward 's house . 61 baroness : stay here , sigi , you can see he later . nurse ( in italian ) : let he go , signora ! he 's so happy to be home again . baroness ( muse , then smile ) : all right , you can go . but do not stay too long . sigi hurry off . the baroness and the nurse look at each other in agreement . the baroness smile faintly . then they go through the door into the house . for a moment we only see the open door with the dark stairwell behind it . then we hear the step of the Baron , first on the gravel in the yard . then Baron come into frame , and go through the door into the house . he vanish into the darkness of the stairwell . from there we hear he voice : baron ( call ) : beatrix ? beatrix , where be you ? the nurse come out after a while again nurse ( call in italian ) : sigi . do not you want to come say hello to you father ? but sigi be talk intensely to ferdinand on the other side of the courtyard and do not answer . 56 . school . int / day classroom . the child be go wild . brawl , sponge and chalk be fly through the air . some be pack up they belonging , prepare to leave the classroom . in short , the way child behave once the lesson be over . Marie stand at the classroom door . she watch she classmate . the she look through the door into the corridor . it 's empty . she come back to the classroom , but stay at the door so that she can still keep a eye on the corridor . apparently , she have be post there as a lookout to warn against the possible arrival of a teacher . the shouting , laughter and brawling go on . suddenly , Marie see the schoolteacher in the corridor with she father . the two be have a animated conversation . Marie burst into the classroom and close the door to muffle the noise , then she shout to she classmate : marie : watch out , he 's come ! but with all the shouting and laughter , she voice be not hear by all of the pupil . the noise die down , some of they stop misbehave . somebody pick up the sponge , and 62 the blackboard be quickly clean up of the trace of the fight . but a small group who have start to chase each other around , do not hear and keep at it . Marie shout to they again , this time louder : be quiet ! for God 's sake ! be quiet !! but as the wild chase go on and some over - exite child even make fun of she , and she yell at the top of she voice : quiet !!!! at that moment , the door open and the pastor come in with the schoolteacher . almost instantly , the room become quiet . without say a word , the pastor go over to Marie , grab she by the ear and drag she through the whole classroom to the stove , where he make she stand , face to the wall . the pupil remain silent , embarrassed . while the pastor go back to the black board , put he briefcase on the desk without say a word , the schoolteacher , who feel slightly responsible for the lack of discipline of he classroom , say : schoolteacher : what 's go on here ? why be you still here ? you know that there 's a confirmation class now ! get out ! the child disappear quickly . to the first child who try to sneak out the schoolteacher say : how about say good - bye ? immediately all the child rush out say : good-bye , sir! good-bye , pastor ! finally , all the child have leave the classroom , except eight candidate for confirmation , among they Paul , xenia and Marie with she face still turn to the wall . the schoolteacher turn to the pastor : schoolteacher : I be sorry , pastor . it will not happen again . the pastor answer with a reserve nod . in a icy silence , he have wait for the all the young pupil to leave . as the schoolteacher notice that there will be no further reaction from the pastor , he bow slightly to he and say : good-bye , pastor . pastor : good-bye . the schoolteacher leave the room . the pastor turn to the candidate for confirmation : let we pray . they say the lord prayer together . then the pastor say : sit down . 63 the student sit down . Marie keep stand face the wall . the pastor stop too . after a while he begin to talk . this be a very sad day for I . in a few week , we all want to celebrate the confirmation feast together . for many month I have try to bring God 's word closer to you , and to make responsible human being out of you in his spirit . and what do I face today ? a horde of yell monkey , without any discipline or human dignity , as childish as the seven - year old , with whom you be share this classroom . but what make I even sadder be the fact that my own daughter be play the lead role in this pitiful display . last year I bound a white ribbon in she hair . well , you all know that white be the color of innocence . the ribbon be mean to help Marie to avoid sin , selfishness , envy , indecency , lie and sloth . well , at the start of the year , I be naive enough to believe , that now , in the year of she confirmation , she would become mature enough , and that she would not need that ribbon any more I believe that she feel responsible , be the daughter of the spiritual leader of a Christian communi ... Marie , who all this time have be wait beside the stove , faint and collapse to the floor . 57 . the doctor' house . int / night stairwell . the only light come in from the live room . rudolph come down the stair , wear a nightshirt . rudolph ( softly ) : xeni ? he go into the live room . it 's empty . rudolph ( as above , anxiously ) : xeni ? where be you ? he go into the kitchen . it 's also empty . rudolph be desperate . he start to cry . finally , he go back to the stairwell and go up the stair to he room . on the stairway , he notice light come from under the door of the practice . he go back down the stair down again and open the door of the practice . in the bright light , sit in front of each other , be the doctor and xenia . the doctor have he back to rudolph , so that we see xenia 's face first . she sit on 64 the visitor 's chair . he have place he chair in front of hers , and he leg be close around she leg . she 's cry . the situation be ambiguous , we do not know what have happen . the noise at the door startles xenia , she look at rudolph : xenia ( startle , she face tearstain ) : rudi ?! the doctor spin around , and look stunne to he young son . both look as if they have be catch red-hand . xenia : what be you do here ? why be not you in bed ? rudolph do not really know , what to think of all this , but be the good child he be , he answer automatically : rudolph : I can not get to sleep . xenia : that 's why you be wander around like a ghost in the middle of the night ? rudolph : I wake up and you be not there . short pause . xenia wipe the tear from she face . xenia ( try to smile ) : dad have pierce my earlobe . rudolph : do it hurt ? xenia : yes , a bit . rudolph : that 's why you be cry ? xenia ( try to smile ) : I be not cry any more . doctor ( try to joke ) : beauty have to suffer . that 's what they say . at least for girl ... he get up and go , still see from behind , to a closet , and put something into it that we can not recognize . he 's straighten he clothes . then he go over to rudolph : doctor : now go to bed again . you too , xeni . xenia : yes . as rudolph hesitates and look at she dubiously , she explain , almost eagerly : I have not wear earring for a long time , that 's why my earlobe grow back again . to show he , she grasp one of she ear . for whitsun feast , when we all want to look we best make ourselves look beautiful , I be get new earring . the one that Mom have , with garnet ... 65 rudolph look at she . he do not think she 's tell the truth . 58 . rectory . the pastor' study . int / day Marie come in . she 's wear a nightshirt , she hair be damp and stick to she head . she look sick and feverish . she close the door quietly , then go to she father 's desk and open a few drawer . she end up find the letter-opener . it have a hilt and look like a small sword . she take the letter-opener , go to the birdcage , put the letter - opener down beside it and grab the tiny canary . as the bird chirp , she glance round at the door , as if to make sure that nobody be come . narrator : a few day after Marie 's fainting - fit that frighten we all , and that be follow by she feverish and debilitate state ... she take the bird into she leave hand so that its little head be turn upwards , and pick up the letter-opener with she right hand ... 59 . estate . steward house . int / day the schoolteacher be lead by the steward 's wife to the live room . she carry a apron and she sleeve be roll up . apparently she be just prepare a cake , and she sticky hand make she open the door with she elbow . because of the narrator 's voice , we do not grasp what they be say , but we understand that she 's ask he to come in and wait for the person he want to see , and that she can not keep he company now . narrator :... I go to see the steward , because I want to borrow the carriage for the whitsun holiday again . since my marriage proposal , Eva have write I once a week , and I get the feel that she feel lose and alone in the city , and be ask I between the line to come to see she again , despite of she father 's interdiction . I want to spend whitsun Saturday with she so that I could be back on Sunday again and prepare the confirmation feast with the pastor . the steward have go to the sawmill , but be suppose to be back any minute . his wife , who be busy prepare for whitsun , ask I into the live room and to wait there for he return . 66 the steward 's wife have leave the room . the schoolteacher sit around , bored . after a while he get up , go to the window and look out . the courtyard be empty . suddenly , the schoolteacher hear a female voice in the next room speak softly . he listen , then he go to the wing door and look through the gap on the etched glass - window of the door into the next room . there , liesl sit beside the cradle and talk quietly to the baby . the schoolteacher open the door . liesl see he , get up and greet he politely with a curtsy : liesl : good morning , sir. schoolteacher : hello , liesl .. smiling , the schoolteacher go to the cradle and look into it . schoolteacher : he 's cute .. liesl : yes , he be . schoolteacher : do you like he . liesl : yes. very much . schoolteacher : he be very sick last winter , I be tell . liesl : yes. very sick . but the doctor cure he . with God 's help . pause . the schoolteacher look out the window to see if the steward be not come . schoolteacher : maybe , I will pop back this evening . liesl : I be sure Father will be back for coffee at four . she look at the grandfather clock , that indicate quarter to four . the schoolteacher think for a moment , then he go to the live room : schoolteacher : then , I will go sit down again next door . liesl : can I bring you something ? a cup of coffee . I be sure it 's ready . schoolteacher ( smile at she eagerness ) : no , no . thanks . he stand in the door : I will sit down over there again and just wait . he want to close the door behind himself . suddenly 67 liesl say : sir! schoolteacher : yes ? liesl : can dream come true ? the schoolteacher smile , surprised at the unexpected question : schoolteacher : that depend , why ? liesl ( serious ) : on what ? schoolteacher ( smile ) : on what do it depend ? well if you dream of get the first prize at the school feast , and study hard for it , then you dream can come true . liesl , shake she head , quietly : that 's not what I mean . the schoolteacher feel that she have something on she mind and ask , this time without irony : schoolteacher : well , what do you mean then ? she look at he , wonder if she should really discuss it . he nod to encourage she . liesl : I mean , if you dream something in you sleep , I mean , if you really dream it in you sleep , can it come true ? schoolteacher ( also serious ) : why , what do you dream ? she bow she head . the schoolteacher think for a moment , then he go over to she . come on , tell I . you have something on you mind , have not you ? she shake she bow head . but suddenly , she start to cry : liesl ( cry ) : I always dream such horrible thing . schoolteacher ( dear ) : tell I what you have be dream ? she sob , he take out a handkerchief and hand it to she : take this . now , calm down again . and then tell I what 's go on . liesl take the handkerchief , blow she nose and wipe away she tear . she do not completely manage to hold she tear back , and breathes haltingly . she hand the handkerchief back to the schoolteacher . liesl : thanks . the schoolteacher put the handkerchief away with a imperceptible smile and then say reassuringly : 68 schoolteacher : all right . now go on . the girl sniffles a couple of time again , then swallow and say quietly : liesl : I dreamt that the hansi ­ the midwife 's odd little boy ... schoolteacher ( reassuringly ) : I know , I know . liesl : - ... that something very bad be go to happen to he . schoolteacher : something very bad ? liesl nod eagerly . schoolteacher : like what ? liesl : I do not know . something like what happen to sigi not long ago . but even worse . she start to cry again : but he 's so sweet . he harm no one . touched , the schoolteacher put he arm around liesl 's shoulder . schoolteacher : all right . all right . that be just a dream . you need not take it so seriously . liesl ( cry ) : they always make fun of he , because he do not really ... schoolteacher ( calmly ) : yes , I know , but nobody will do he any harm , you can be sure of that . liesl can not calm down . do you want my handkerchief back ? she shake she head . schoolteacher : what give you the idea that you dream would come true ? she just shake she head , and keep on cry . then he take the handkerchief out again and hand it to she . as she do not take it , he nudge she . she look up , confuse . he hold the handkerchief again with a cheerful nod . she take it and blow she nose . the she slowly calm down . schoolteacher ( now " reasonable " in order to " calm she down " ) : dream do not come true . let alone that kind . she shrug she shoulder , as if she disagree with what he 's say . her head bow she stand before he , hold he handkerchief . she breathes a few more time , then say with a almost " adult " voice : liesl ( serious ) : but sometimes my dream do come true . 69 schoolteacher : what do you mean ? pause . liesl say : last winter , before putzl ( she point to the baby ) become ill , I dreamt that my brother put he beside the open window , so that he would die . and the day the window be open and he catch a chill and he almost die . the schoolteacher be completely perplex . at first he do not know what to say . schoolteacher : what be you say there ? that 's complete nonsense ! liesl bow she head again . schoolteacher : somebody probably do not close the window properly . what give you that idea ? why would you brother do such a thing ? liesl , ( defiantly , as he 's not believe she ) : because he 's jealous . schoolteacher : and because you believe that , you dreamt it . it do not mean anything at all . it 's just a coincidence . liesl ( keep she head bow ) : all right . the schoolteacher bend over to catch she gaze . schoolteacher : look at I . she look at he reluctantly , maintain she defiant reserve . schoolteacher : do not tell such storey to anybody ! you obviously do not realize the harm you can do with it . again she look down at the floor . you do not tell the story to you parent , do not you ? she shake she head . all right then . forget it quickly . I shall forget it , too . promise ? as she do not answer , he repeat : promise ? 70 she nod almost imperceptibly . good . now can I have my handkerchief back ... he hold he hand out to she . astonish she look at the handkerchief in she hand . she have forget it completely , and give it back the schoolteacher . thank you . he pocket the handkerchief . now , we both have a secret . and you promise I that it will remain a secret between we . all right ? she nod reluctantly . he insist , seek she gaze : yes ?! liesl ( reluctantly ) : yes. schoolteacher : well . all right then . you do not have to worry . nothing will happen to hansi. ( smile ) : nobody be jealous of he . she glance at he to see whether he 's make fun of she . he look at she seriously and give she a nod that demand a answer . she nod briefly . but it be not clear whether she just do it to please he . dream do not come true . that only happen in fairy - tale . forget all about it . he look at she , as she stand there , head bow . finally he smile and try to " crack a joke " to make the matter less serious : do you know what they do to little girl who predict the future in ancient time ? they burn they at the stake as witch . she look up at he , round -ey . 60 . rectory . the pastor' study . int / day the pastor come through the door , go to he desk , and be about to put down he briefcase . the dead bird lie in the middle of the desk with its wing spread out . the pastor 's letter-opener be stick in its neck - only the hilt stick out from its beak . 71 61 . STREET . ext / day the schoolteacher and Eva drive in the carriage . in the background , we catch glimpsis of the town . narrator : we have arrange to meet at the town railway station , since Eva want to avoid be see with I . she be live with distant relative , who be apparently report regularly to Eva 's parent about she life-style . she have become thin which make she even prettier , and once again I be ravish by she mixture of shyness and almost childlike outspokenness . eva ( imitate somebody ) : ... " ... you want you hair parte be to the right or to the leave ? " " how about one parting to the leave and one to the right " ? both laugh heartily . all the people in the saloon be laugh they head off . even Mr. murer , who 's so distinguished that he never crack a smile , have to laugh . short pause , in which the laughter fade down . schoolteacher : then , it be not really so awful , be it ? eva : no . but sweeping up hair all day ­ honestly the twin be more fun , I must say . but it 's all right . I can not really complain . the schoolteacher look at she sideways , smile : schoolteacher : no ? she look at he , do not understand that he 's try to make she complain about they force separation , and say cheerfully : eva : no. really . the schoolteacher exchange a smile glance with she , then look back at the road : schoolteacher ( smile ) : and apart from the twin , there 's nothing you be miss ? she look at he , surprised . suddenly , she understand . she shake she head with a smile , then take he hand for a short moment , as if she be apologize for she lack of sensitivity . eva : oh , you of course ! he look at she hand on he , but she already have withdraw it . both seem very happy . after a few moment , during which the horse keep trot , Eva lean against the schoolteacher and put she head against he shoulder . but the shaking of the carriage on the rutte road make that position untenable and so they sit side by side again and drive on . finally 72 eva say : and how be the nurse ? do she only speak italian ? schoolteacher : I do not know . that 's what the steward tell I . eva : I see . at that moment the road cross a brook , that run through a small wood . the schoolteacher steer the carriage on to a trail that branch off the road after the bridge . eva : where be you go ? schoolteacher : over there , into the forest beside the brook . we can picnic over there . I bring a basket of food . eva ( softly ) : I do not want that . schoolteacher ( perplex ) : why ? Eva look down and shake she head . the schoolteacher stop the carriage , turn to she : what 's go on ? eva : nothing . please . now he understand . he smile although he can not really understand that she 's be think such a thing of he . now he talk to she almost as to a child , astonished and reassuringly . schoolteacher : but I do not want anything forbidden from you . I just want you to enjoy the picnic . she look up at he . eva : please . schoolteacher ( astonished ) : do you think , I might want to bring disgrace on my future wife ? she keep look at he pleadingly . finally he give in , slightly disappointed : all right then . I will turn over there . he drive on . after a few meter , Eva put she hand on he hand and on the rein . he stop the carriage , she look at he . eva : thanks . he do not know what say . they look at each other . suddenly Eva lean forward and kiss he on the lip very cautiously . they remain that way for a long while without they body touch each other . after separate , they forget at first to keep breathe . then , once the worst of the confusion have abate , they both turn away from each other . the schoolteacher let the horse start trot again , and 73 they sit side by side on the bump vehicle , look straight ahead , quiet and overwhelm by the happiness of the moment . 62 . church int / day the church be pack . the 8 candidate for confirmation be kneel at the Communion bench . one after the other , the pastor put the cup to they lip . pastor : accept and drink ! this be the blood of the New Testament , shed for the forgiveness of you sin . as he reach Marie , who be kneel fifth in line , he hesitates a long moment . for so long , that this cause a few irritate stare from the devout parish . even more than the other child , Marie be also numb with excitement . it almost look like she might faint again . but then he hold out the cup to she too , and she drink : accept and drink ! that be the blood of the new will , spill for you so that you sin will be forgiven . he wipe the cup , where Marie 's mouth drank ­ as he do after each child - and go on to the next one , repeat the rite ... 63 . forest ext / night distant voice . at first incomprehensible . gradually we understand they better : voice : hansi ? where be you ? give we a sign ! hansi , where be you ? here and there silhouettes appear in the half - light . some carry lantern , other torch . it take some time before they get nearer and become recognizable : they be man and woman from the village . after a while man' voice ( call ) : over here . he 's here . we follow that run over : bound to a tree be a small boy . his whole head be wrap up in rag . a small slit have be leave open so the nose can breathe . he moan . 74 a paper have be tie around he neck with a white ribbon . the people hurry toward the child , free the child of its fetter . the child slump down , he head be unwrapped , cover in blood : it 's the mongoloid son of the midwife . astonish , somebody read the word write in block letter on the paper ) : for I the lord you GOD am a jealous GOD , visiting the iniquity of the father upon the child to the third and the FOURTH generation of that who hate I . 64 . school . int / day corridor . Marie , Martin , Paul , georg , and a couple of other child be wait at the classroom door . they remain silent . they be listen . narrator : after this intricate atrocity commit on the retarded boy , even the Baron be finally convinced that it would be more intelligent to call upon the professional help of the county 's police force . so a few day later a couple of plainclothes policeman arrive and , after a visit to the several of the crime scene , start to ask in various home if anyone have notice anything suspicious . classroom the two detective question liesl in the presence of the schoolteacher and become more and more aggressive . liesl end up cry . narrator : after learn of hansi 's torture , I do not think at first of what liesl have tell I . when it come back to my mind , I at first hesitate to tell the authority about it . because of such a absurd coincidence , I do not want to jeopardize the reputation and inner peace of the steward 's family . but when I hear that hansi might loose he eyesight because of he injury , one afternoon I make liesl come to school and tell the police officer about she dream . first police officer : ... thank God , we be not as stupid as you might think . 75 liesl ( cry , desperate ) : but I only dreamt it . pause . the officer exchange a impatient look with the schoolteacher , who himself do not really know what to think of liesl 's story . he look at she thoughtfully . the police officer turn to the girl again : first police officer : now listen carefully ! I will give you a last chance : you tell I , who tell you about the plan to torture the boy , and we will not tell anybody who tell we . all right ? liesl shake she head desperately , cry again . the police officer look at the schoolteacher . the latter doubt whether he should speak up . he feel sorry for the girl . finally , he say : schoolteacher : she 's already dream of something that have come true . first police officer ( ironic ) : be that so ? and what be it , if I may ask ? schoolteacher ( want to spare she talk about it ) : something that happen in she family . first police officer ( just as before ) : I see . something to do with she family . and have you check if it be true ? schoolteacher ( irritate ) : no . the police officer look at he , grunt with disdain , and turn to he colleague : first police officer ( scornfully ) : well , all that may be true . maybe we be really deal here with a authentic clairvoyant , and we do not realize how lucky we be . maybe we only need to ask she , who 's behind all this . the we send she to bed , she dream a bit , and tomorrow she tell we who do it . how about that ? everything 's possible , be not it ? suddenly , he yell at the girl : stop cry ! liesl jump up with fear . the police officer stand right in front of she : you deceitful whining will not work with I . I have get other way to make you talk . I do not believe in witch and magician , let alone that a chubby little girl like you have supernatural hallucination . therefore you would better get use to the idea of tell the truth , because you will not bet rid of I until you have come clean . be that clear ? all right , and now we be go to visit you parent to see what they think of you version of the story . 76 he pull the girl to she foot . she 's thoroughly intimidate , and sniffles faintly . then he lead she toward the door , at the same time turn to the schoolteacher : I would be grateful if you come too . the schoolteacher find the policeman 's behavior toward the child exaggeratedly aggressive , but he follow reluctantly : schoolteacher : of course . the police officer open the door to the corridor and almost bump into a group of pupil that have assemble there . first police officer : oooops ! what do we have here ? marie ( kindly ) : good afternoon . good afternoon , sir. child ( as before ) : good afternoon . good afternoon , sir. obviously the schoolteacher do not expect they , but do not want to show it in front of the police . schoolteacher : good afternoon . first police officer : why be you eavesdropp ? marie ( politely ) : we see from outside that the schoolteacher be have visitor . we do not want to intrude . we be just wait to talk to the schoolteacher . pause . the police officer look at the schoolteacher : schoolteacher : what do you want ? marie ( as if she be too shy to talk in front of stranger : we want to ask you something about hansi . again , the police officer look at the schoolteacher . schoolteacher : what be it ? marie ( hesitates a moment , then " screw up she courage " and ask ) : we hear he be not well . we just want to ask if we could be of any help . 77 65 . the midwife's house int / night the doctor carefully examine hansi 's wound . especially the area around eye that be badly affect . the boy moan softly . the midwife stand beside he , try to stay calm , but she be paralyze with fear , and visibly still in a state of shock . it 's very quiet . the doctor speak with a soothing , almost tender voice to the child , who keep on moan : doctor ( softly ) : all right ... everything 's all right , hansi ... I know , it hurt ... you have get to be patient ... everything will be fine again ... everything ... he have finish he treatment ( and have bandage the boy 's eye again ) , and want get up . but hansi 's hand cling to he , and hold he back . he hesitates a moment . the doctor and the midwife exchange a brief glance . then , the doctor cautiously frees he hand from the child 's . I have to go now , hansi . do not worry , I will be back tomorrow . the boy moan louder and try again to grasp the hand of the doctor , who he can not see . brief exchange of glance between the doctor and the midwife , who end up sit on hansi 's bed , take the boy 's hand . midwife : it 's all right , hansi . do not be afraid . the Doctor will be back . the doctor motion to the midwife that she should stay with the child , and leave the room silently and almost hastily . 66 . landscape with a brook and pasture ext / day sitting at a brook , sigi , ferdinand and georg have cut willow twig with they pocketknive and be now carve whistle out of they . they foot dangle in the water , they be concentrate on they work . georg be the first to have finish . proudly he try it out , but the little whistle do not sound very good . he hide he disappointment , and keep on carve to improve the sound . then sigi 's whistle be ready and it sound very good . sigi be delighted . after a short and proud look over to he rival , he lean back into the grass and keep on whistling . georg look with irritation at the " braggart " , and keep on carve . then he give it another try , but the whistle do not sound much better than before . sigi 's whistling make georg 's seem ridiculous . ferdinand look at georg with a gloat grin . 78 suddenly georg pounce on sigi and try to grab he whistle . sigi fight back and refuse to let go . ferdinand also get up and watch the two , grin . even if sigi be no longer the weakling he use to be before he stay in Italy , georg , who be three year older than he , be much stronger : with the weight of he whole body he charge at sigi , make he fall backward into the shallow water of the brook , and take he whistle away . the shock almost knock out sigi , and though the stream be not deep , half of he head lie under the flow water . georg see the danger , but he pride prevent he from help he , as it mean admit he own unjust behavior . for a moment he hesitates , a helpless and defiant grin on he face . but ferdinand have already jump into the water and pull out sigi , who shake he head to fully come to he sense . ferdinand look up at georg , who be stand on the bank , still hold the whistle in he hand . then georg point he finger at he , and say furiously and guiltily . georg ( threaten ) : if you rat on I , you will be sorry ! 67 . rectory . study . int / day the pastor sit at he desk , work . a knock be hear . pastor : come in ! florian come in , hesitantly . in he hand , he carry a birdcage ( we have already see it in scene 49 in the boy 's bedroom at night ) . in the cage be the bird that florian have find on Thanksgiving day , and who have recover in the meantime . pastor : yes ? the boy look embarrassed . he glance at he father , then come over with the cage and put it carefully on he father 's desk . as florian approach , the pastor look on , amaze . after put down the cage , florian step back a little , then stop , he head slightly bow . pastor ( not really understanding ) : what be it ? what do you want ? florian ( softly ) : for pipsi . ( pause . then even more softly ) : because Father be sad . the pastor look at he , do not know how to react . then , with a hoarse voice and try to look indifferent , he say : pastor : thank you . 79 florian ( as apprehensive in front of he father 's perceptible emotion ) : you be welcome , Father . for a moment , neither of they know what to do . then the boy leave the room . the pastor follow he with he eye . then , he sit down . he try to keep he composure , but in the end he burst into tear . he sob haltingly , try hard not let it be hear . 68.the steward house int / ext / day the children' room . georg stand at the window and look down at the courtyard come from the manor , the steward be walk over briskly . the children' room . georg leave the window and sit down at he table , do he homework . we hear the front door open downstairs , then the father 's hasty step on the stair . finally , the father appear in the door . he 's out of breath , furious , and try to speak quietly steward : give I that whistle ! georg look at he father , " not understanding " . georg : I beg you pardon ? steward ( forcedly , with threaten calm ) : give I that whistle ! georg : what whistle ? at this , the steward pounce on the boy and smack he so hard that he fall out of he chair . give it to I ! georg ( on the ground ) : what whistle ? the steward yank he up and shove he against the wall . georg stumble over the table which be stand in the way , and lie back on the table top , try to protect he face with he hand . steward : give away it to I , or I will kill you . georg ( half moan ) : I have no whistle . the steward let go of he and start to beat he furiously . 80 georg ( scream ) : ouch ! ... ouch !! steward ( beat ) : you bastard , you wretch ! georg ( scream ) : ouch ! ouch ! !! please do not at that moment , attract by the noise , Emma , the mother , appear : emma : for God 's sake , georg , what be you do ? what have the boy do ? the mother 's arrival have snap the father out of he blind rage . he glance at she , then turn to the boy again , breathless with excitement , but force himself to be calm : steward : for the last time : give it to I ! georg ( almost cry with pain ) : but I do not know what you mean , Father . the mother look uncomprehendingly from one to the other , then turn pleadingly to she husband : emma : what 's go on ? what be you talk about ? steward ( to georg ) : you know exactly what I mean . again the mother look from one to the other , try to save the situation : emma : but if he say so ! georg ! what 's go on ? the steward turn to she , annoyed by she insistence , look at she for a long moment , then at georg again and turn on he heel and leave the room . stairwell . the steward run down the stair . the mother follow he . emma ( excited ) : georg ! please wait ! what do the boy do ?! please , tell I ! why be you so furious ? she reach the steward as he be just about to open the front door and place herself in front of he . emma ( implore , " reasonable " ) : georg ! please ! calm down . if you could tell I ... steward ( also " reasonable " , in order to get rid of she ) : please do not interfere . leave I alone now ! I have to go back to the Baron . he ... at that moment we hear from upstairs the full SOUND of sigi 's whistle 's from above , wild and last . for a moment , the steward be paralyze , then he seize the horsewhip hang from hook in the wardrobe and dash upstairs . we hear he thrashing the boy in the 81 room , and soon the whistling be replace by georg 's scream of pain after a short hesitation , the mother run upstairs after she husband , and we now hear she try in vain try to control she husband . emma : georg ! please ! stop it ! do not kill he ...! 69 . estate . dine room . courtyard . int / ext / night the meal be over . the baroness watch the may clear the table and put everything away on a tray . the Baron have stand up , stand with he back to he wife . he pour himself a glass of brandy . baron : ... with the birch over there in aigen that should make about six - thousand cubic meter . work steadily , they should have finish it within three week . if until the end of the month we ... the may have leave with the tray . baroness ( interrupt he ) : I will not stay here . baron ( do not understand ) : what do you say ? baroness : I will not stay here . baron ( turn around to she ) : what do you mean baroness : what I mean be that I shall leave with the child . baron : what do you mean : you be leave with the child ? baroness : come on , armin ! it 's not that difficult to understand , be it ? pause . baron : May I ask you how you plan to do that ? baroness ( quiet ) : I do not know yet . but in any case , we be leave this place . baron ( sarcastic ) : we. look of the baroness ( " I do not need that kind of irony " ) . baroness : yes . the may enter to clear the rest of the table . it lead to a longer pause . the Baron drink he brandy , go to the window , wait . as the may leave the room , she look at the baroness inquiringly : 82 baroness ( to the may ) : I do not need you any longer . thank you . maid : good night , baroness . good night , Baron . baroness : good night . even after the may have leave , they remain silent for quite a long while . finally , she say baroness : I return from Italy only out of deceny toward you . I want to give we a chance . baron ( turn around ) : you want I " to give I a chance " ?! baroness : yes. baron : well , that 's brilliant ! and do I miss my chance ? or what ? pause . baroness ( quietly ) : do you think that will help we solve the problem ? baron : what ? baroness : you sarcasm . baron : actually , what be the problem that have to be solve ? the baroness look at he , then get up and want to leave the room . baron ( suddenly yell ) : you stay here !! she turn around , look at he . baron ( softer ) : you only leave this room if I tell you to do so . she look at he . baroness : Fine . she go back to she chair and sit down . baroness : I want to spare you this , but you force I to do it : during we stay with uncle edoardo I fall in love with a man . he 's from Lombardy , he work in the banking business and help uncle edoardo in a financial matter . he court I and be also very fond of the child . if sigi have blossom and grow so healthy , it 's largely thanks to he . despite all this , we come back . because I feel commit to you . but I can not stand this place any longer . not so much for I personally , though I can not say that life with you be exactly thrill for a woman of my age . but if I leave this place , it 's because I do not 83 want sigi , and later the twin , to grow up in surroundings dominate by malice , envy , apathy and brutality . what happen with sigi 's whistle be the last straw . I be sick and tired of persecution , threat and perverse act of revenge . pause . baron : do you sleep with he ? baroness ( laugh scornfully ) : you do not understand anything . baron : do you sleep with he ? pause . baroness ( quietly ) : no . I do not sleep with he . pause . baron : you be lie , be not you ? the baroness look at he . then she get up , about to leave the room again . at the same moment , somebody knock at the door . after a short gesture of irritation baron ( irk ) : come in ! the steward appear . steward : good evening . could I talk to you for a moment , Baron ? baron ( annoyed ) : can not it wait until tomorrow ? steward : it 's really urgent . normally , I would not have disturb you so late . annoy , the Baron leave the room with he . as he go out , the steward greet the baroness with a nod . once the door be close , she stop for a moment , go to the window , and look out pensive . she end up go to the small bar and pour herself a glass of brandy . her hand be shaking a little . she drink from the glass , go back to the window and look out wait , take a sip from now and then . below in the courtyard a few people walk around nervously . but it do not look particularly unusual . a saddle horse be lead into the stable . finally , the door of the dine room open again . the Baron come back inside . he look distress . the baroness do not know whether this be the result of she conversation , or of the message bring by the steward . the Baron pace a few step , ponder , then glance at he wife . finally , she ask baroness : what 's go on ? 84 baron : they have shot the heir to the throne of Austria . in sarajevo . 70 . village and surrounding landscape ext / day the same set as in scene 57 . the countryside in all its summer splendor . narrator : the news spread around the village like wildfire . what would the consequence be ? the first person who speak the word war , be severely contradict . but once it have be uttere , it remain at the center of all we thought in a curiously stubborn way . I want to go to the town as quickly as possible , in order to discuss it with Eva , what we should do if war break out . perhaps she father would now agree to a earlier marriage . I ask the baroness for the bicycle , with which Eva have visit she parent some time ago . the follow weekend I plan use it to ride to town and see she . 71 . estate ext / day the schoolteacher be push the bicycle out of the manor house . he say good - bye to a may , who close the door behind he . some shout o.s. make he look toward the steward 's house : the steward come out with the midwife , and it look like he 's throw she out with a flood of angry insult . narrator : when I go to the estate on Friday evening to pick up the bicycle , so I could take it with I to the school , and get go early , as the trip be a quite long one , I witness a strange confrontation : steward : ... completely mad ! go if you want . he will throw you out on you ear . slander other people and create trouble . that 's all we need now ! get out and never come back again ! this be unbelievable ! go ahead , do whatever you think you have to do ! you be hysterical ! midwife ( simultaneously ) : ... I will go to the Baron . we will see what he say . you will not silence I . who do you think you be ?! you will see . I will 85 tell he that you try to prevent I from give the police a statement . angrily the steward slam the door behind he . at first the midwife do not know what to do . finally she turn away from the door and start to cross the yard . there , she see the schoolteacher . she come over to he . schoolteacher : good afternoon , Mrs. wagner . what 's happen ? midwife ( very excited ) : good afternoon . can I borrow you bicycle ? schoolteacher : it 's not mine . midwife : could I borrow it just the same ? schoolteacher : I just borrow it myself . I go to ride to town , to see my fiancée .. midwife : please ! lend it to I ! schoolteacher : why do you need it ? where do you want to go ? midwife : I must go to town . schoolteacher : what for ? midwife : I ask the steward for a carriage , but that stubborn fool will not agree to anything . pause . please ! lend I the bicycle . schoolteacher : why ? what be go on ? after hesitate a while midwife : I have to go to the police in town . I now know who commit all this crime . schoolteacher ( flabbergasted ) : who ? midwife : will you let I have the bicycle ? schoolteacher : why do not you tell I ? midwife : from now on I shall only talk to the police . I will not let they insult I ( turn to the steward 's house ) : as you just see . schoolteacher : can not the doctor can lend you he horse ? midwife : I do not know how to ride . the schoolteacher look at she inquisitively , because he still do not understand what it 's all about , but she do not respond , and say : 86 midwife : please ! believe I ! ( she hesitates and add , now quietly and imploringly ) : my son tell I who do it to he . he may loose he eyesight . please , you let I have the bicycle ! the schoolteacher look at she . the midwife look pitiful : she try to smile at he pleadingly , tear be stream down she face . finally , he give the bicycle to she . she grab it quickly , say thanks ! and ride away . the schoolteacher remain behind , alone . he stand pensive , then he go slowly back to the village . narrator : the state that woman be in , who I know be level -headed , have deeply impressed I . what have she son tell she , that she do not dare tell anybody ? 72 . village STREET . ext / dusk the schoolteacher go home . tracking shot . narrator : with each step I take from the estate back to the school , I feel more foolish for have give away the bicycle . as he pass the midwife 's house , he see behind the fence in the garden , half hide behind the bush , Marie and a few other child . the shutter of the house be close . as I pass the midwife 's house , I see Marie , Martin , and a few other child in the garden . the schoolteacher stop , watch the child . after a few moment , they notice that somebody be watch they . marie : good evening , sir. schoolteacher : good evening , Marie . child : good evening , sir. schoolteacher : what be you do here ? marie : we want to see how hansi be do . pause . schoolteacher : but can not you see that the shutter be close . pause . 87 marie : yes . we be worried . we see Mrs. wagner riding off on a bicycle . so we wonder what have happen to hansi . pause . schoolteacher : go home now . nobody say you could come in here . the child go out slowly . they open the wooden gate in the fence , and go out into the street . they be visibly embarrassed at be catch by the schoolteacher when they be do something wrong . some avoid the schoolteacher 's eye , while other mutter a greeting , as if they want to say goodbye , as they go away . the schoolteacher look annoyed . as Marie step out of the garden door , he say : schoolteacher : you better go back home now , hurry . Marie do not seem to feel guilty at all . again she greet he politely . marie : good evening , teacher . schoolteacher ( reluctantly ) : good evening . the child go away . the schoolteacher also go on he way . after a few step he turn around and look at the child , then walk on . narrator : then I think of liesl 's dream again . what if liesl have not dreamt , but have know , that hansi be go to be torture . whose crime do she know of ? whose name have she refuse to reveal ? the strong interest of the child in hansi seem strange to I , consider that they have usually refuse to have any contact with he because of he disability , or only deal with he in a rather disdainful manner . the schoolteacher stop . he ponder about this . then he go back to the midwife 's house . suddenly I wonder why the midwife have close the shutter of the house . nobody in the village ever shut they house . why have the midwife lock she boy in ? he have reach the front of the house again . indeed , with its close shutter , it look uninhabited . only because of the tidy little front garden , could one tell that somebody live there . the schoolteacher open the garden gate and go up to the house . he try to open the door and then the shutter . everything be well shut . he peer through the crack in the wooden shutter . schoolteacher : hansi ? can you hear I ? hansi ! 88 nobody seem to answer . for a short moment the schoolteacher disappear behind the house , apparently look for another way to get inside . but he soon come back without have find anything . narrator : if the midwife could not take care of he , she would have entrust the boy to I , or to the doctor . but since the night he be mistreate , I have not see he again . he leave the midwife 's house and hurry to the neighbor house , the doctor 's . I decide to ask the doctor directly . he enter the property , go up to the entrance and ring . nobody answer . he ring again , then he see a note tack up : the doctor 's practice be close until further notice 73 . rectory . int / night stairwell . the pastor 's wife and the schoolteacher stand before the close front door . pastor' wife : his daughter ? be not she with you at you school ? schoolteacher : yes , she be . pastor' wife : and she do not say anything ? the schoolteacher shake he head . they both remain silent and pensive . schoolteacher : I have a request . pastor' wife : yes ? schoolteacher : could I ask Marie and Martin ? pastor' wife : do not you want to wait for my husband ? he 's at the church . the service will be over in a quarter of a hour . but if you insist . please , come in . she open the door live room and point to a chair . please be seat . please . I will fetch the kid for you . 89 she leave the room . the schoolteacher remain stand . wait . finally , the pastor 's wife come back with the two child . marie and martin : good evening , sir. schoolteacher : good evening . pause . the pastor' wife : do not you want to sit down ? schoolteacher ( who have not think of it ) : yes. perhaps . with pleasure . they sit down . the child sit opposite the schoolteacher . pastor' wife : can I offer you something ? , ( smile faintly ) : a cup of coffee ? like during the piano lesson first the schoolteacher want to refuse , then he decide to accept so as to get rid of the woman , and be alone with the child . schoolteacher : yes , with pleasure . that 's very kind of you . pastor' wife : I will be back in a minute . the schoolteacher turn to the child : schoolteacher : do you know that the Doctor be leave eichwald ? short pause . marie : no. schoolteacher : but you do not seem surprised at my question . marie : we mother tell we when she come to fetch we . schoolteacher : and xenia do not tell you anything about it ? marie : no . she look at Martin who confirm it : martin : no. schoolteacher ( incredulously ) : not a word ? it 's very unusual for a child not to tell he classmate before go away on a trip . marie ( unimpress ) : xenia never talk much about home . schoolteacher : well , that 's something completely different ?! 90 apparently Marie do not take it as a further question , and remain silent . schoolteacher : I get the feel you be hide something from I . marie : what ? schoolteacher : that 's what I would really like to know . silence . then the schoolteacher turn to Martin : schoolteacher : when you be look for hansi a while ago , what do you want from he ? short pause . marie : we be worried . he 's ill . schoolteacher : I be ask Martin . pause . martin : yes . he be not well . and since he mother be go ... we think , we should go and pay he a visit . the schoolteacher realize that he will not get any further this way . schoolteacher : do you ever ask yourselves who could have treat hansi that way ? pause . then the schoolteacher add : and sigi ? pause . and who tie the wire in the doctor 's garden ? and who set fire to the barn ? well ?! pause . marie : yes , of course we wonder . schoolteacher : well ? marie : we discuss it with Father . he say it must be a sick person . pause . the schoolteacher do not know how to go on . schoolteacher : sigi be with you at Thanksgiving . and so be hansi . pause . marie : I do not understand . with demonstrative helplessness she look at the schoolteacher , then at she brother , and again at the schoolteacher : shake she head and shrugging she shoulder . schoolteacher : what do they do to you ? marie ( do not seem to understand ) : who ? 91 schoolteacher : sigi and hansi ? marie ( as above ) : why ? schoolteacher : they obviously be be punish . for what ? marie ( as above ) : I do not know . schoolteacher : liesl foresee that hansi would be punish ? what for ? marie ( as above ) : I do not know . pause . why do you ask we ? pause . schoolteacher : you be a intelligent girl , Marie . do not try and play dumb . pause . marie : I do not understand you , Sir . you should talk with Father about this or with mother . shall I go get she ? the schoolteacher look at she . marie : Martin , would you please get she ? Martin get up and be about to go to the door . schoolteacher : stay here , Martin : I will talk to you parent when I consider it 's the right time . now , I be talk to you . and I expect you tell I the truth . Martin sit down after exchange a glance with Marie again . where be you on the evening hansi be find ? marie ( do not seem to understand ) : at home . schoolteacher : I mean after the confirmation ? at that moment , the pastor 's wife enter with the coffee cup on a tray . pastor' wife : there we be . the coffee will be ready in a minute . she put the tray on the table . turn to the schoolteacher , friendly as ever : be the child able to help you ? the schoolteacher look at Marie , then he answer : schoolteacher : I be afraid not . they do not know anything , either . pastor' wife : that 's really odd . a doctor can not vanish into thin air . what about he patient ? 92 ( to the child ) do not he daughter tell you anything at school ? the schoolteacher get up , ready to leave . schoolteacher : no. I be sorry if I disturb you . pastor' wife : why do not you stay ? my husband will be back any moment , and the coffee be almost ready . schoolteacher : that 's very kind of you , but I be really worried about the midwife 's son . pastor' wife : and she do not say when she would be back ? schoolteacher : I do not ask she . she catch I off guard . she be completely panicked . the pastor 's wife shake she head thoughtfully . pastor' wife : strange ... wait a second ! I think that 's my husband . and indeed , outside one can hear the front door and then the step of the pastor . the wife go to the door to open it . the pastor appear . pastor ( surprised to see the schoolteacher ) : good evening . pastor' wife : good evening . the schoolteacher have be anxiously wait for you . pastor ( to the schoolteacher ) : yes ? schoolteacher : yes . I would like to have a quick chat with you . the pastor do not really understand what can be so urgent , and why the schoolteacher , which be unusual for he , come to see he in the evening . but he remain friendly : pastor : please . we would better go to my study . it 's quieter there . the schoolteacher nod to the pastor 's wife , who be glad that the require meeting can now take place , while the pastor walk ahead with a invite gesture . as the pastor open the door of the study , he ask : pastor : well , how can I help you ? they enter the room and the pastor offer the schoolteacher a chair . then he realize that the window be open and close they , as the schoolteacher start to speak . schoolteacher : I speak to the midwife today : she say she now know who torture she son . pastor ( " who " ? ) : she do ? 93 schoolteacher : she will only tell the police . that 's why she go to town . pastor ( do not quite understand what the schoolteacher be get at ) : well ? schoolteacher : she leave the boy behind alone and have lock the whole house . pastor : lock it ? schoolteacher ( nod ) : I go to the doctor 's next door to ask he what be go on , whether he be take care of the child or ... but there 's a piece of paper say that the practice be close until further notice . the doctor and he child have disappear . the pastor have almost finish close the window . he pause and turn to the schoolteacher : pastor ( stunne ) : what do you mean ? schoolteacher ( shrug ) : I do not know . I think you might have be inform . that 's why I be here . after a startle pause the pastor shake he head : pastor : I have no idea . he finish close the window . then he go thoughtfully over to the schoolteacher and sit down in front of he . pastor : xenia ... be not he daughter in school ? schoolteacher : yes , she be . she never mention anything . silence . the pastor ponder . then , after a while schoolteacher : I ask Marie and Martin . they both know nothing either . pastor ( look up to the schoolteacher , " stunne " ) : why should they ? the schoolteacher almost dodge speak further : schoolteacher : I do not know . when I go to the midwife 's place , they be there with a few other in the garden . pastor ( " do not understand " ) : to do what ?! schoolteacher : they be look for the boy . pastor ( as before ) : why ? schoolteacher : they want to help he . pastor : so what 94 schoolteacher ( hesitates , then say ) : I do not know how to say it . I have the feel they be hide something . pastor ( refuse ) : what ? schoolteacher ( keep on search hesitantly for he word ) : I do not know . ( finally he dare to come out with he suspicion ) : when the doctor have he accident ... last year , you remember , suddenly the child be in he garden . supposedly , in order to help xenia . pastor ( do not understand ) : yes ... and ? the schoolteacher , uneasy , breathes hard . he know that he suspicion will seem odd , and sense that the pastor will not go along with then . schoolteacher : nothing . I have forget it . today , it come back to my mind again . pastor ( as before ) : I do not understand . pause . schoolteacher : when they find the Baron 's son ... the last time he have be see , he be with the child . the pastor look at the schoolteacher , then he face slowly freeze to a mask of refusal : pastor : what be you get at ? of course , the schoolteacher notice the reaction . but he have already go too far to backtrack . after a pause he go on : schoolteacher : a couple of day before hansi be almost beat to death , the steward 's daughter have predict precisely that to I . supposedly , she have dream it . the police think she 's lie . who tell she about it ? who announce it to she ? long silence . finally , the pastor get up , take a few step , then , after another pause , turn again to the schoolteacher . his face be ashen , and he can hardly speak : pastor : if I understand you correctly , you be say that you pupil , my child include , commit this crime . be that right ? the schoolteacher have little affirmative and regretful gesture . he feel extremely uncomfortable in this role . another pause . then , the pastor continue : do you realize what you be say ? pause . he breathes heavily , try to control he emotion . do you know ... 95 his voice fail . his chin start to shake , tear flood he eye , and he suddenly turn away . the schoolteacher who have be look at he , now look down and stay where he be without say a word . after a while , the pastor have regain enough control of himself to turn back to the schoolteacher : I assume that I be the first person to whom you have uttere this monstrosity . mute reaction of the schoolteacher ( " of course " ) . if you ever dare to bother other people with it , if you publicly denounce respectable family and they child in this abject way , I shall make sure -- and you can take my word for it -- that you will go to prison . the schoolteacher want to reply something , but the pastor continue : I have see quite a lot during my work as a pastor , but I have never come across anything as repulsive as this . he look at the schoolteacher for a moment with disdain : one can tell that you have no child . otherwise , you would not stoop to such viciousness . you have a sick mind . I wonder how the school authority could let you loose among that poor creature . I will have a word with the authority at the proper time . and now please leave my house . I never want to see you here again . 74 . the midwife's house ext / day the steward , he wife and the schoolteacher try to break into the house . first the steward try several key . as this do not work , they break down a door at the rear of the house and go in . narrator : the midwife never come back . I wait until the morning , two day later . then , I go to the manor house to inform the Baron . he refer I to the steward and say to open the house immediately and to look after the disabled boy . 75 . the midwife's house int / day back to the scene . 96 the schoolteacher , the steward and he wife search through the house . because of the close shutter , its room be veile in half - light . several time they call " hansi " ! , " hello , hansi , where be you " ? , which can faintly be hear under the narrator 's voice . in the midwife 's bedroom , the schoolteacher notice a photo : it show the doctor , a unknown woman , and xenia as a small girl . the boy be nowhere to be find . narrator : I have never come to the midwife 's house and feel uncomfortable at the idea of barging into somebody else 's house without ask . it be strange , but we be still seek and call out anxiously hansi 's name , and I already know , that we be search in vain . anyone who know the midwife also know how devote she be to she disabled child , and that she would never have leave she wounded hansi all alone . the three searcher , who have find nothing , meet again in the stairwell . 76 . the midwife's house ext / day the schoolteacher , the steward and he wife come out from behind the house , leave the property and go they separate way on the street . all that be leave be the empty house with its close shutter . narrator : during the next few week , the village gossip-factory work overtime . some claim , the doctor be hansi 's father . he and the midwife have try to abort the child so that the shame of they relationship would not be find out , and that 's how the child become disabled . other even go as far as to claim that there be something fishy about the death of the doctor 's wife , and that they would not be surprised , if the two be not responsible for it . 77 . montage : ext / day the house of the doctor , the pastor , the farmer , the street before the school , the estate 's administrative building and the manor house . there be nobody to be see . narrator : whoever have lynched the boy obviously know about the hide crime of he parent . 97 suddenly it seem even possible that the doctor and the midwife , as potential murderer , be also the perpetrator of all the other crime . it be suspect , that the doctor have want to spare he legitimate child and himself public disclosure of he guilt , and have therefore fle with they . apparently he have take the disabled boy with he out of guilt . understandably enough , he have leave behind he accomplice and the mother of the disgrace child . the fact that it be on a bicycle that she try to catch up with the man who have happily escape , be the cause of a great deal of laughter . the desert estate be decorate with flag . on July 28th Austria declare war on Serbia . it be follow on Saturday , August 1rst , by the german declaration of war on Russia , and on France the follow Monday . 78 . church int / day high angle shot : the villager be about to take they seat . the smaller child be sit with they parent on the pews . all be in they Sunday best , the member of the militia be in uniform . flag be plant . joyful excitement reign everywhere . once the church be full , the Baron , the baroness and they son sigi walk down the aisle and sit down in the front row . narrator : on the Sunday between that date , the whole village come to the festive service . a atmosphere of expectation and departure be in the air . from now on nothing would be the same . only a few day ago everybody would have call the life they live as God 's will , worthy of be live , and would have shunne any change . the strange joy with which the come war be greet , show that this certainty of order and security be base on very shaky foundation . close -up : of all the adult lead character of the film , aside from the doctor and the midwife . also of Eva and she father . 98 in the frenzy of patriotic enthusiasm that be flaring up , the event that have shake eichwald , have become a irrelevant . in the face of the come war , Eva 's father have take he daughter back and , at she plead , have come to eichwald to cast a eye at the place where he future son- in - law be live and work . the prospect , that I might soon call this beloved creature my wife , turn this day also into a solemn day for I . the pastor never mention we conversation again . we relationship be limited to what be require professionally . he apparently never go through with he threat to denounce I to the school - authority . more close -up . the schoolteacher on the gallery lift he hand and cue they to begin . they start singing . we see they one after the other . at the end we see Marie : she wear the white ribbon in she hair . today , more than a quarter of a century later , toward the end of my life , and several year after the end of a second war that be to change this world in a more cruel and radical way than the first one , the one we face at the time , I wonder if the event of that day and we silence about they , be not the germ of the tragedy toward which we be head . do not we all know secretly what have happen in we midst ? have not we , in a way , make it possible by close we eye ? do not we keep we mouth shut because otherwise we would have have to wonder if the misdeed of this child , of we child , be not actually the result of what we would be teach they ? the image of Marie sing with the shine white ribbon freeze . I be draft at the start of the third year of the war . after the war , I sell the house in grundbach that I have inherite from my father , who have die in the meantime , and with the money I open a tailor 's shop in the town , where I still live now . I never see anybody from the village again . over the freeze frame the end credit begin . once the narrator 's voice have go silent , we listen to bach 's solemn chorale . the child sing beautifully .