silence jay cock & Martin scorsese final shoot script 05.07.15 ext . unzen hot spring day 1 the face of five men appear out of a thick cloud of mist rise off a seethe lake of boil water . they look like pale phantom . terrify . we hear the voice of father christovao ferreira . strong. resolute . ferreira ( v.o. ) ( read ) " good Friday , 1633 . pax christi . praise be God . although for we there be little peace in this land now . " CUT to : ext . unzen hot spring day 2 now we see ferreira . he be a Jesuit priest . a missionary . but the look on he face do not match the reflective tone of the voice we be hearing . he be troubled at something he see . he turn away ... .-- but two guard , hold he , force he to look back . vapor of steam make they seem like creature in a dream . ferreira ( v.o. ) ( read ) " I never know Japan when it be a country of light . but I have never know it to be as dark as it be now . '' on that last word , ferreira be pull , through the steam , into close - up . he struggle not to show the pain of what he see . CUT to : ext . unzen hot spring day 3 the five man be surround by samurai and various official . Guards be push they forward . the five man be three augustinian friar , a franciscan friar and a japanese jesuit priest . ferreira ( v.o . ) '' all we progress have end in new persecution , new repression , new suffer . ( more ) ferreira ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) the governor of nagasaki first hope to destroy we Christian faith with ridicule , and by example . '' steam from the hot spring ebb briefly to reveal the man be Catholic priest . they hand be tie . the water in front of they be like a cauldron . ferreira ( v.o . ) '' but when the faithful resist , and refuse to renounce God , he become more cruel . " in a grove of tree on a small rise in the near distance , the Guards hold tight to the priest ferreira , make sure he do not miss a thing . they yank ferreira like a dog on a rope . closer to the spring . CUT to : ext . unzen hot spring day 4 the five priest tremble at the edge of the scorching spring . ferreira ( v.o . ) " he take four friar and one of we own Society to unzen . there be hot spring there . the japanese call they ' nhell , ' partly I think in mockery , and partly , I must tell you , in truth . " the cold air make the steam rise thickly from the lake . ferreira ( v.o . ) " the official tell the faithful to abandon God and the gospel of his love . but they not only refuse to apostatize . they ask to be torture , so they could demonstrate the strength of they faith and the presence of God within they . " the water throw scalding spray into the air , burn the face of one of the priest . nearby , still guard by the samurai , ferreira bite he lip to control himself . his lip bleed . he watch as ... ... the capture priest turn , unbroken , to he captor , refuse to capitulate . capture priest praise to you , Lord Jesus Christ ! ( alt : soul of Christ , sanctify I ! ) show no anger , a official make a abrupt gesture . Guards tear off the priest 's garment then dip long - handle ladle into the boil water of the spring . CUT to : ext . unzen hot spring day 5 see now from a distance , as if on a stage : guard approach the five Christian prisoner , who be tie nearly naked to wooden stake . the guard drip the scalding water onto they body . ferreira ( v.o. ) " they use ladle fill with hole so the drop would come out slowly , and the pain would be prolong . each small splash of the water be like a burn coal . " the crowd surge forward . ferreira " some remain on the mountain for 33 day . " CUT to : ext . unzen hot spring day 6 a month later . still from a distance : the five Christians be be untied from the stake . they body be wrack from the effect of exposure . ferreira ( v.o . ) '' the story of they courage have become almost legend . they give hope to that of we who remain here , against the shogun 's order , to teach the faith . we only grow stronger , in his love . '' near the hot spring , ferreira collapse to the ground . his guard let he fall . he hide he face in he arm . CUT to : int . study / macao college day 7 title up : college of madre do deus / macao / spring , 1640 . a hand place a letter on a desk and Father valignano remove he spectacle , recite the last word of the letter . he know they well . valignano ferreira be lose to we . ( look up ) this be he last letter . valignano be a compelling man , the senior Jesuit superior of this mission on the very edge of the know world . he look across at two young priest , neither older than thirty , who be seat before he . one priest , francisco garupe , who have the lean , restless appearance of a hunt animal , look thoughtful . he be measure he response ... ...- when the second priest speak . he have a aspect of spiritual assurance about he , of untest righteousness , but there be a hungry , haunt look in he eye , too . he 's like a man who have see he own ghost . his name be sebastiao rodrigue . rodrigue that be so long ago . it say nothing of he now . valignano this letter come to we when you be travel from Portugal . it take year to reach we . it be hide , smuggle , ransome and finally put into my hand by a dutch trader . who have other news as well . rodrigue that he be alive ? valignano that he apostatize . the young priest be stunne . valignano that he denounce God in public and surrender the faith and be now live as a japanese . garupe that 's not possible . ( Father ferreira risk he life to spread we faith all over Japan . we be here today because of he . ) rodrigue he be the strongest of we . valignano he write that word during the most sweeping persecution of all . now thing be even worse . thousands be dead for what we bring they . thousands more have give up the faith . garupe you say this trader bring news . but it 's not prove , be it ? it could be a slander create to further discredit we faith . valignano give the extent of the persecution in that country ... garupe yes , Father , respectfully . there must be multitude there who need we too . valignano ( more emphatically now ) ... and the fact there have be no other word of he , and the news bring by the dutchman ... garupe rumor , Father , only ... rodrigues gesture to garupe to moderate he tone as valignano fix he with a look of stern impatience . garupe lower he head in apology . valignano ..- I must conclude it be true . rodrigue if it be true , Father , what would it mean for the Society ? for we faith ? for all of Catholic Europe ? ( more ) rodrigue ( cont would ) Father , it seem we mission here be more urgent than ever . we must find Father ferreira . valignano I can not allow that . garupe but you can not allow we to abandon we mission . valignano you mission be to find word of ferreira . you have find it . take this letter with you and return to Portugal . rodrigue Excuse I , Father , but the letter relate a terrible history . it say nothing about ferreira himself . whatever happen to he be still unknown . all we know of he fate be a slander . permit I , Father valignano , but I believe we mission still stand . CUT to : ext . step of a great cathedral day 8 valignano walk with the young priest down the step of the cathedral . the great cathedral loom behind they . fog hang in the air like clump of cotton . outline of ship in the harbor can be see in the distance ; occasionally a mast break through the fog , sway with the roll of the tide , then disappear again . valignano if I permit you to go on to Japan , I would be condemn you . this inquisitor ... this inoue ... he be terror itself . he may not be the devil , but he be just as cun . and he be baptize . ( beat ) by I , during my ministry . do you know how many Christians the authority execute at shimabara ? thousands . ten of thousand . most behead . rodrigue each a martyr . garupe we must honor they memory and ask for they prayer . and we cannot abandon whoever remain . valignano be waver , sway by the passion and idealism of the young man . and they know that . valignano ( a beat ; then ... ) no , any missionary work in Japan , of any kind , be now out of the question for we . the only european ship permit to enter port in Japan be dutch . garupe can the dutch ... valignano the dutch be heretics . religion be just a business advantage to they . no , it be far too dangerous for you . rodrigue but how can we neglect a man who nurture we in the faith ? he shape the world for we . ( alt1 : he show we we call . ) ( alt2 : he form we as jesuit . ) garupe and even if this slander should be true , then Father ferreira be damned . rodrigue and we have no choice but to save he soul , Father . valignano this be in you heart , then ? both of you ? rodrigue yes . garupe it be . like we first fervor . ( alt : like we first fervor we feel in the novitiate . we feel it be a call , Father . ) 7a valignano then I must trust God have put it there . he call you to a great trial . from the moment you set foot in that country you step into high danger . ( beat ) ( more ) valignano ( cont would ) you will be the last to go , you know . a army of two . rodrigue two to find one . '' satis est , domine , satis est . " ( we Saint Francis xavier 's own word , Father . ) '' it be enough . '' CUT to : ext . macao waterfront day 9 rodrigues and garupe walk briskly past the crowded dock of the island waterfront . a misty rain fall . junk be so closely moor that they hull make a scraping , thumping SOUND , like a muffle cadence . the european take broad stride : the length of they step , and they height , make the chinese population clogging the street and congregate around the wharve give way before they . a chinese businessman have to almost trot to keep up . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' May 25 , 1640 . pax christi . God be praise . Father valignano , as I begin this line I can not be sure that , when they be do , they will ever reach you . '' the chinese businessman bustles ahead of the priest and gesture for they to follow he down a narrow alley . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' but I want to maintain you confidence in we mission , and vindicate you faith in we . '' the chinese businessman stand at the entrance to a tavern , gesture for the Priests to step inside . rodrigues enter first , with garupe close behind he . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' today there be wonderful news . you Mr. chun get we a boat , with twenty - five chinese sailor . and he find we a guide . we first japanese . '' CUT to : 10 int . macao waterfront tavern day 10 as the chinese businessman hover in the background , the two priest stoop to fit into this dank , low place . seamen and trader drink steadily at rough table . other pass by with woman , who seem to be hold they up as they pass through the shadow . there be a moan from the corner of the room . chinese businessman he be not much . you will see . there be another moan . the chinese businessman bolt forward and plunge into this heap of shadow ... ..+- pull the body of a man ( kichijiro ) into the feeble light . the disbely priest stare at the heap of humanity lie before they . he be they age , rag and rough-skinned . chinese businessman ( cont would ) but after almost two month , he be the only one . garupe be you japanese ? chinese businessman yes yes . he be drift on sea . portuguese bring he . garupe be you really japanese ? rodrigue where be you from ? kichijiro crawl back into the comfort of the shadow . the chinese businessman stop he with a kick . kichijiro turn on he , groan incoherently . the chinese businessman take a prudent step back . chinese businessman answer they , you fool ! this be padre ! ( no response ) kichijiro ! you fool ! they will take you home . garupe where be you home ? kichijiro nagasaki . 10 garupe what 's you work ? chinese businessman he will do what you say . kichijiro fisherman . garupe nagasaki be on kyushu . ( kichijiro eye he suspiciously ) can you tell we about kyushu ? rodrigue you know we language . kichijiro Little . rodrigue you learn it from the Jesuit padre . you have to . so you be a Christian . kichijiro no. no kirishitan . kichijiro belch and shrug . chinese businessman good guide for you . and he be Christian too . kichijiro ( snarl ) I be not kirishitan . rodrigue you can tell we . kichijiro kirishitan die . ( beat ) they die in nagasaki . rodrigue ( to kichijiro ) listen to I . we have money . help we and we can take you home . we can ... kichijiro abruptly interrupt rodrigues , hurling himself at the foot of the surprised priest . he grovel , weep . 11 kichijiro I want to go home . not for money . Japan be the country of my family . please ! take I please ! I beg you ! do not abandon I here ! the chinese businessman stare at the abject kichijiro . rodrigues nod he head slightly in silent assent and kichijiro immediately prostrate himself in drunken thanks . the chinese businessman help kichijiro up to leave . chinese businessman you see . he will be very good guide . he will be good . as they make they way out , kichijiro fall drunk onto a table , knock into a man ( chinese ? portuguese ? ) . the man push kichijiro away . kichijiro try to stand up when he be push again ( attack ? ) . he cower and beg . rodrigues and garupe react . the chinese businessman try to protect they . rodrigues and garupe go to kichijiro on the floor to stop the violence . they help he up and hand he to the chinese businessman . garupe we guide . he can not be a Christian . rodrigue he say he 's not but can you believe anything he say ? the chinese businessman take kichijiro away down the alley , the taverner laugh . garupe I do not even want to believe he 's japanese . chinese businessman ( shouting back to priest ) you see . he will be good ! the priest look at kichijiro . rodrigue ( v.o . ) " and he say to they : go ye into the whole world , and preach the gospel to every creature . " even to one such as this . '' as the priest watch he , wonder if they will regret they decision . 11 12 13 12 rodrigue ( v.o . ) so we Lord command . and as I prepare to do his work , I see his face before I . CUT to : int . rodrigues's room / macao missionary college 11 rodrigues lie on he simple bed , stare at the ceiling . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' his face be fresh in my memory . just as I see it the first time as a novice in evora . he look as he must have when he command Peter , ' feed my lamb , feed my lamb , feed my sheep . 's '' CUT to : int . chapel of the evora novitiate 12 cu : the face of Christ in the image that rodrigues remember . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' it 's a face fill with vigor and strength . it fascinate I . I feel such great love for it . '' from the face of Christ , we ... CUT to : ext . macao harbor day 13 ... the face of valignano , stand on the dock in a misty rain , surreptitiously give a bless . a tender boat carry the two priest , now disguise as chinese sailor , move toward a sea-batter chinese junk wait beyond the harbor . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' during the long week at sea the gift of God 's trust sustained we both . we never doubted his guide hand . I embrace this journey as I embrace my vocation , with honest apprehension about my own strength , but with joy , too , that God have trust I with this chance . '' 14 15 15a 16 17 18 13 on the tender , the priest watch the figure of valignano recede into the swirling mist like a daub of paint into a fresco . CUT to : omitted 14 omitted 15 ext . japan coast 15 a the first sight of land . a dramatic image of land but highly stylize to see the ominous nature of the landscape : a dark outline , as if slashed with a calligrapher 's pen against the last light of the sun . Mountains like sawtooth rise to the darken sky , narrow beach that look like primeval rock garden , thick stand of tree blotting out the horizon . a place of threat and trial . ext . chinese junk ( or tender with junk in background ) sunset 16 time CUT : rodrigues and garupe on the deck . rodrigue it look like the edge of the earth . a tiny bird alight on the deck , near where kichijiro be stand , study the horizon line . kichijiro look out ( and smile ? ) . kichijiro ...dapan ... omitted 17 ext . tender from chinese junk / near tomogi shore night 18 on extreme close - up of kichijiro 's foot splashing into the water . he stumble in the shallow water near shore , briefly submerging in the chill current , which be thick with twig . rodrigues and garupe watch uneasily from the tender as kichijiro surface and lurch toward the land . garupe we have trust that man with we life . 19 14 rodrigue Jesus trust even worse . and he lower himself over the side , into the water . garupe hesitates , then follow and they both make for the shore . and now we see where we be . the tender be near the shore of tomogi as the chinese junk stay at a distance . CUT to : ext . tomogi beach night 19 as garupe and rodrigues come ashore , kichijiro gesture for they to hurry . they scurry forward toward a hollow rock like animal be pursue by hunter they can only sense . as soon as they reach shelter , kichijiro be go . it startles they . garupe kichijiro ! kichijiro ! he 's go to betray we . they fear increase at the SOUND of something move across the rocky beach . footstep . drawing closer . they huddle together , cake with soggy sand and dirt , a couple of landlocked sea rat . rodrigue '' quod facis , fac citius . '' '' what you will do , do quickly . '' rodrigues and garupe press themselves deep in the shadow of the rock . rodrigues be shiver . his tooth be chatter . garupe reach for he companion and hold he head against he chest , try to muffle the sound . garupe ( fearfully ) " a band of soldier go there with lantern and torch and weapon . " the priest duck back behind they meager shelter as ... ...a light flare suddenly just in front of they . the sound of foot , close now . and voice . the priest exchange a frightened glance , then turn to see ... ... the craggy , glower face of a old man , loom over they . his very lack of expression be menace . he study they for a moment . a long , agonizing moment . 15 old man ( ichizo ) padre ... the priest be stunne to hear this word in they language . the old man make the sign of the cross . tentatively , tremble , garupe bless he . ichizo hurry . there be no time . they scramble to they foot as a group of a dozen villager , carry torch , surround they . garupe what be this place ? ichizo tomogi village . rodrigue Japan ? ichizo ( nod agreement ) please . be quick . so gentio can not see you . garupe gentio ? the villager swarm over the priest , rapidly cover they with field hat and farmer 's overgarment . in they midst , kichijiro smile at they with servile pride . rodrigue ( look at kichijiro ) the way of the Lord surpass all understanding . with kichijiro always near , the villager form a protective phalanx as they guide they off the beach . rodrigue ( v.o. ) " ' padre . 's ' gentio . 's we own word sound so foreign here . but they be a sign that the seed of we faith have be sow , and survive with tenacity . now it be we mission to tend and nurture it , lest it wither and die . '' 20 21 16 ..- rodrigues and garupe exchange a look as they be hurried inland . CUT to : ext . tomogi path / brush night 20 now away from the beach , ichizo deliberately step off the main path and thrashes he way through the wood . the other follow . the priest stumble , try to keep up . the go be hard . the villager do not give a moment to rest . they press on , hard . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' we be hurried to shelter because we Christians fear betrayal by that who have not embrace the faith . gentile , they call they . although nearly all the two hundred family of tomogi have be baptize , many fall under fear of the inquisitor inoue . '' a villager hand kichijiro a bottle of local rice wine ( nigorizake ) , from which he take liberal swig . CUT to : ext . tomogi wood / village night 21 the group come out of the wood on a plateau just above the village . like haystacks in a rocky field , hut now loom close before they . they move stealthily along this back way toward the village . a man call mokichi draw even with they . ichizo tomogi ... we village ... I be sorry padre , for this way ... it be difficult . but too dangerous . there be more execution than ever . mokichi if they know we be kirishitan we will be kill . garupe the Lord hear you . ichizo ( humbly ) yes . he send you to we . 22 17 they reach a hut , indistinguishable to the priest from the other dotting the ground . ichizo nod for they to enter . CUT to : int . ichizo 's hut night 22 ichizo' wife come out of the shadow and kiss garupe 's hand , startling he . ichizo we have a little food . if you would like . rodrigue yes , please . ichizo nod to she , and she leave . mokichi you will be safe here until morning . rodrigue thank you . tell I ... ( as he look around ) .-- how do you live like this ? the villager look at he blankly . he think he may have be misunderstand . or , worse , may have insulted they . rodrigue I be sorry , I mean ...how do you live as Christians , when the danger be so great ? mokichi we pray in secret . but we have we jiisama ... rodrigue ( try to say the word ) jiis - mokichi jiisama . he lead we . rodrigue who be this ... ( struggle with the word ) .-- jjiisama ? mokichi nods at ichizo , who bow he head modestly . 18 rodrigue .-+- he lead you ? in you devotion ? mokichi he pray with we . 22a int . ichizo 's hut night 22a on that last word , we CUT away to brief image of ichizo conduct a baptism . mokichi ( v.o . ) the only sacrament he can perform be baptism . we worship with the jiisama . we hide the kirishitan image but God still see we , yes ? even though we do not have a priest ? until now . 22b omitted 22b 22c int . ichizo 's hut night 22c ichizo 's wife quietly return and hand each of the priest a small bowl contain a few scrawny vegetable . they start to eat . mokichi murmur a quick grace . the priest be surprised . and a little embarrassed to have forget the bless . rodrigues put he bowl down . mokichi every kirishitan here be part of we secret church . the tossama guide we with prayer and teach . the mideshi help the tossama to preserve the faith . rodrigue I would like to meet the tossama . ichizo ( nod at mokichi ) it be a group . and mokichi be one of they . mokichi lower he eye modestly . rodrigue there be one of we , a priest , a padre , name ferreira . do you know of he ? 19 the villager shake they head . the priest exchange a quick look of disappointment , suddenly ichizo 's wife , who have be watch the westerner eat , laugh at garupe 's way with the food . he smile at she . garupe ( smile , embarrassed ) do I do something wrong ? I be sorry . the expression of puzzlement on he face make she laugh more . rodrigues attempt to smooth over the awkwardness . rodrigue all this ... this faith you have ... this courage ... be only in tomogi ? what about other village ? be it the same ? ichizo we do not know about other village . we never go there . rodrigue you do not go ? ichizo other village be so dangerous . you do not know who to trust . everyone fear the inquisitor , inoue sama . mokichi anyone can expose you to the man of power . inform on a kirishitan and they give you one hundred piece of silver . rodrigue piece of silver ... ichizo two hundred for a kirishitan brother . and , for a priest , three hundred . garupe ( disturb ) Three hundred ? I be flatter . rodrigue you should go to the other village , let they know priest be here again . in Japan again . that would be good . you must let they know . 23 20 ichizo nod polite agreement , but rodrigues can see he have not persuade he . it be as he reach for he meager bowl of food again that he notice ichizo have not be eat . rodrigue ( to ichizo ) you do not eat ? ichizo it be you who feed we . rodrigues be strike by the simplicity and force of the answer . as he bend over he bowl , he necklace with a crucifix attached swing free across he chest . mokichi see it . his eye fill with a flash of emotion and he hand make a involuntary movement toward the crucifix . rodrigues understand . series of quick dissolves : to the crucifix , press to the forehead of mokichi , who be kneel before rodrigues ; to garupe , offer he own crucifix to ichizo ; to the old man 's hand , wrap around garupe 's ; to mokichi 's hand , as he take the cross rodrigues offer . rodrigue ( v.o. ) ( over series of dissolves ) '' I be overwhelm right away by the love I feel from this people , even though they face could not show it . they can not reveal sorrow or joy . Long year of secrecy have make they face into mask . '' mokichi kiss the cross and hang it around he neck . CUT to : ext . mountain road & view of ocean from tomogi village dawn 23 a series of face in the procession , walk and stare straight ahead . mokichi . ichizo . other villager . face seem to be impassive . garupe and rodrigues , now dress entirely in peasant clothes , be follow they with difficulty over the rough terrain . patch of thick wet mist swirl and drift all around they . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' they do not dare take we anywhere by the main road . to hide like this must be a terrible burden . ( more ) 24 25 21 rodrigue ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) why do they have to suffer so much ? why do God pick they to bear such a burden ? end series of cus and CUT back to the procession ... climb on through the wood ... see now from a distance , a rag order of small , brittle figure in a engulf landscape . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' I pray garupe and I have the strength to help they . '' CUT to : ext . charcoal hut day 24 a tumbledown charcoal storage hut near the top of the mountain . the last of the morning mist be just burn off , but the beauty of the landscape only seem to underscore the severity -- the desolation - - of this pathetic shelter . mokichi this be safest here . ichizo if you be find , we will all be kill . when you hear this sound ... ..- he make a wrapping signal on the door . ichizo ..- it will be we . if you hear anything else ... on the loud overlapping SOUND of board be drop we ... CUT to : int . charcoal hut day 25 mokichi and two of the other villager toss slatted board aside to reveal a deep hole in the ground . Dust and dirt swirl in the air . ichizo hide . garupe it look like a grave . CUT to : 26 27 22 int . ichizo' hut night 26 as rodrigues teach a catechism lesson to tomogi villager # 2 , a village woman sink to she knee before garupe . garupe leans close to she , then back off . he check himself , and stay close as she turn she face up to he . his face betray trace of distaste that he piety and earnestness cannot quite hide . woman ( heavy accent ) konhisan , padre . please . garupe of course I will ... if I know ... what be it ? ( struggle ) kocha ? kosha ? woman konhisan . the young priest look at she blankly . she begin on she own . woman " bless I , Father , for I have sin ... " and now he understand : confession . he make a belate bless as she continue to speak and we hear ... rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' we quickly settle into a routine . hear confession , and forgive sin , even though we could not always be sure what be be confess . '' a moth fly round and round a oil lamp . CUT to : int . ichizo' hut night 27 another day . ichizo 's hand reach for a thin straw mat on the floor , raise it as if there be something underneath . there be nothing . but the hand start to separate the mat . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' they old faith offer resignation and a road that end in darkness . Christianity bring love , and life everlast . and we see there be two layer of mat , one against the other . as ichizo separate they we see a hide paper . 23 rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' the dignity for the first time of be treat like God 's creature , not animal . and the promise that earthly trial would not end in nothingness , but in salvation . '' ichizo smooths the wrinkle paper and pass it reverently to rodrigues , who nod and pass it to garupe . it be a picture of Jesus ( or Mary ) . he place it on a low table against the wall serve as a altar upon which be place a chalice , paten , missal , water and wine . a light have be light . rodrigue ( v.o. ) '' image of we Lord and the bless virgin Mary sustain they . so they can see past the image , and find God in they own heart , we give religious instruction and teach new prayer . quietly '' rodrigues turn : faithful of the village crowd this hut . the villager stare at the picture of Jesus ( or Mary ) in awe and make gesture of great reverence . rodrigues make the sign of the cross and begin mass . rodrigue in nomine patris , et filii , et spiritus sancti , amen . introibo ad altare dei .... kichijiro stand in the back , not quite sober , watch . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' we offer mass in the dead of night , just as they do in the catacomb . but in whisper . and when morning come we leave the village ... quietly ... still with no word of ferreira . '' CUT to : ext . tomogi mountain road dawn 28 garupe and rodrigues negotiate the rough path through the forest as mokichi clear the way just ahead of they . rodrigue ( v.o. ) '' , .. and we climb the mountain again . and wait . and hide . this people carry the burden of they faith up this steep road more easily than we do . ( more ) 29 24 rodrigue ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) they trust in we be total , and we have to be careful they do not give we too much . when I ask ichizo 's wife for food that first day , she give we almost all they have . they hurry out of the wood toward the shelter outline of they hut , visible ahead in billow cloud of early - morning mist . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' the love of all this people overwhelm we both . '' '' CUT to : int . charcoal hut day 29 rodrigues be baptize a baby hold by its mother as the father look on with a mixture of pride and wariness . he hold the only instrument for the ceremony - a break little peasant 's cup use for holy water . rodrigue '' paatere to , hiiriyo to , supiritsu Santo no mina of motte soregashi nanji of araitatematsuru . amen . '' wife we now ? all with God , in paraiso ? garupe ( frustrated ) paradise ? now ? no. but God be there now , and forever . he prepare a place for we all . even now . the husband and wife give no sign of comprehend , but they bow and leave , pass ichizo 's wife stand patiently hold two meager bowl of food . garupe bless be god. ( beat ) arigataya . she bow and exit . garupe hand rodrigues a bowl of food . garupe I be sorry , sebastiado , for my impatience . I be ashamed of my frustration . 30 25 rodrigues nods he head in understanding . rodrigue the child be safe in God 's grace . that 's what 's important . both priest bow they head over the food in silent bless , then start to eat . CUT to : ext./ int . charcoal hut day 30 heavy rain pelt the charcoal hut , run off the straw roof in great stream and leaking inside . garupe and rodrigues be picking lice off they clothes use they finger as tweezers . garupe mutter something under he breath . garupe '' Joy of my heart . '' rodrigue what ? garupe '' we shall never find another race to equal the japanese . they be the joy of my heart . '' we Saint Francis xavier 's word . he must not have come across any lice . the only way we can win against this thing be to get out of here . rodrigues tweezes several small white lice with he finger . frustrate , garupe pick up a rock and pound at they . garupe ( cont would ) ( pummel the lice ) I be sorry . I know that 's weak . ( whack ! ) but all I feel for this people be pity , not love . rodrigue I know . I feel pity too . ( beat ) we Saint Francis also tell we to render a account first to God , then to we own conscience . then we can do much good for we neighbor . 26 garupe do you think we have ? done good ? rodrigue yes I do . of course I do . garupe much good ? rodrigues wipe he hand and pass garupe a small bowl of root and pumpkin scrap . garupe it 's just that this people be so frighten . be fear all they have ? ( whack ! ) and lice ? rodrigue they have we . we comfort they . garupe how much longer can we do that ? rodrigue we ask for this mission , Francisco . we begge Father valignano for it . we pray for it in the exercise . God hear we then , he hear we still . garupe then may he guide we to ferreira . so we can know the truth . rodrigue ..- what ?... garupe the truth . rodrigue do you think there 's any doubt ? garupe about what ? rodrigue you think he strength give out and he grovel in front of the inquisitor inoue ? go on he knee like a dog ? 31 27 garupe that 's still just a rumor . even if this inoue be the devil everyone claim , ferreira would stand up to he . rodrigue you do not seem so certain , Francisco . ( no reply from garupe ) one of we have to go to nagasaki and find he . garupe it 's too dangerous . if we be catch there will be terrible reprisal to the people who shelter we . rodrigue then kichijiro can go and bring back word we can act on . garupe be you mad ? where be he ? kichijiro 's never sober . you know he can not be trust . rodrigue so we stay here like this ? no . we must do something to find Father ferreira . garupe bang he food bowl down on another swarm of lice . garupe yes . of course . but first I have to find all this lice . the SOUND of the rock echoe through the hut as garupe continue to attack the lice . CUT to : int . charcoal hut day 31 a few hour later . beam of straggling sunlight creep beneath the door . rodrigue let 's go out . let 's risk it . just for a moment . 32 28 garupe look up from make little cross out of wood splinter and piece of straw as rodrigues open the door . CUT to : ext . charcoal hut day 32 the ground outside the hut be wet with just - fall rain . rodrigues see clear water drip from bright green leave . he turn he face to the sunlight pierce the mist . garupe be seat beside he on a rock . rodrigues notice a bird , soaring through the shaft of sunlight over garupe 's shoulder . rodrigue there . look . I be sure it 's the same bird . we see the bird , floating free in the light wind . rodrigue ( 0.s. ) the one from the ship . it watch over we . garupe turn he head to watch the bird ... rodrigue ( 0.s. ) it 's God 's sign . «-.- still in flight but near the ground , fly past ... ...- two men , apparitional figure in the still - thick mist . stand , stare . unmove . garupe sees they first . he reach for rodrigues 's arm . garupe do not move . someone 's here . watch we . rodrigues follow he gaze , sees the two man shroud in the distant mist . he do not move a muscle . until ... the mist shift and obscure the figure . rodrigue now ! the priest dash for the safety of the charcoal hut and ... CUT to : 33 34 35 29 int . charcoal hut day 33 ... they hide place in the floor . they rip the floor board up , squeezing themselves into the deep darkness . CUT to : ext . charcoal hut night 34 hour later . the land look peaceful under a full moon . CUT to : int . charcoal hut night 35 the priest be now coiled tensely in they hide place . the soft sound of a voice pierce the quiet . goto man 1 ( 0.s. ) padre ... the Priests start to panic . goto man 1 ( 0.s. ) ( a little louder now ) padre . rodrigues start to get out of the hide place . garupe no ! it 's not the signal ! the door creak ... goto man 1 ( 0.s. ) padre , do not be afraid , it 's all right . we will not hurt you . we be kirishitan , padre . kirishitan . rodrigues and garupe wait . they hear footstep walk away . rodrigues wrench free . he hoist himself out of the hide place , go to the door and open it . he see two men prostrate themselves before he on the ground . goto man 2 we frighten you . we be sorry . ( as rodrigues collect himself ) ( more ) 36 30 goto man 2 ( cont would ) we want to ask you to come to we village . to goto . people miss we faith there . we child need you . we have no mass , no confession . the goto Men watch they eagerly . one of the man have bloody foot from climb the mountain to the hut . goto man 1 all we can do be pray . rodrigues look down at the goto man 's bloody foot . CUT to : int . charcoal hut night 36 rodrigues carefully bathes and bandage the goto man 's bloody foot as garupe question they . garupe how do you know we be here ? the goto Men lower they eye . rodrigue it 's all right . you can tell we . be it one of the faithful ? goto man 2 it be a kirishitan of we village . kichijiro . garupe ( stunne ) kichijiro ? we kichijiro ? goto man 1 he say he come here with you . rodrigue but he be not a Christian . goto man 2 yes he be . it 's true , he speak against God to the inquisitor , inoue sama . but that be eight year ago . his whole family be put to death . he speak against God . but he still believe . CUT to : 37 31 ext . a vast stand of reed day 37 High angle down on the tall green reed waving and rustling . voice raise in intense debate float in the thin air . the man from goto stand aside respectfully , listen anxiously . mokichi ( 0.s. ) no , padre ... rodrigue ( 0.s. ) but we will return here . ichizo ( 0.s. ) I do not know the people of goto , so I do not know they can be trust . rodrigue ( 0.s. ) they be Christians , just like we . garupe and rodrigues stand among the villager who have stop they work . surrounded by the reed , they look like creature at the bottom of a deep dry sea . they be troubled at the news the two priest have just tell they . mokichi kichijiro tell they to come here . I be not sure why . why do he do anything ? rodrigue kichijiro bring we to tomogi . garupe it will be only for a few day . deus command we all to spread the gospel to every live creature . ichizo ( beat ) but one will stay . here . please . mokichi it be safer . there be much danger to travel together . ichizo and for we , too . danger for all . CUT to : 38 39 32 ext . tomogi beach night 38 rodrigues sail from the beach in a boat pilote by a silent boatman . garupe , mokichi and ichizo and a few other villager watch he move away into the gathering fog . rodrigues make the sign of the cross , but he be hardly fill with confidence himself . the boatman squint ahead into the fog , shadow from the lantern on the mast make he face look like a ghost mask . rodrigues sees a second boat nearby , carry the goto man . one of they look back at rodrigues , he face expressionless . this make rodrigues even more uneasy as the second boat be swallow in the darkness like a ghost ship . rodrigue boatman ... we be lose they . the boatman do not acknowledge he . rodrigues say a silent prayer before he boat , too , vanish in the gather fog . CUT to : ext . goto beach dawn 39 a face suddenly appear in the fog . then another . on the boat , rodrigues recoil , startle , fearful , as ... ...- four villager WADE into the breaking surf on the beach , surging toward the boat . rodrigue ( v.o. ) '' truly , on the journey I be full of fear .. never more than when we land on the island . '' four set of hand clutch at he . he think he be be capture ... until one of the villager make the sign of the cross . then another . and then all . rodrigues be reassure . he let himself be help off the boat , into the surf , towards the beach . the villager stay close to he in the water , protect he . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' but the joy which greet I , I finally realize , be almost as great as my own , come safely to that village . I thank God for bring I here . '' 40 33 another small group of villager wait anxiously . as rodrigues make he way toward they , they part respectfully ... .+- and rodrigues see kichijiro in they midst , smile like a hero . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' even the sight of kichijiro be somehow welcome . '' rodrigues regards kichijiro with a look of relief tempere by wariness . in the distance , a dog howl . CUT to : int . / ext . goto crumbling farmhouse day 40 in a crumble farmhouse , with a large congregation of villager , rodrigues celebrate mass under a bright and cloudless sky . it be a occasion of reverence and joy . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' on that day , the faithful receive fresh hope . I be renew . '' as the priest celebrate the mass , consecrate the host , the face of the villager -- even of kichijiro -- reflect the power of this open demonstration of faith . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' they life here be so hard . they live like beast and die like beast . '' outside , villager bring the sick , infirm , child and baby to the priest form a break line go back into the hill . time CUT : now rodrigues distribute Holy Communion . he realize he do not have host for the whole congregation and decide to break small particle from he own host to distribute . the villager receive it with deep humility . some even weep quietly . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' but Christ do not die for the good and beautiful . that be easy enough . the hard thing be to die for the miserable and corrupt . but here I know I be one of they , and I share the hunger of they spirit . '' 4l 34 time CUT : villager continue to make they way to the farmhouse - the sick be carry . rodrigues pass among the faithful with SMALL wooden crucifixe made from wood splinter ; veronicas , small pendant with the image of Jesus ; and other devotional object make of paper . rodrigues take he rosary , and unfasten the bead give one to each until they be go . the villager reach out for they eagerly - everyone , that be , but kichijiro , who shrink back . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' they be desperate for tangible sign of faith , so I provide what I could . I worry they value this poor sign of faith more than faith itself , but how could we deny they ? '' time CUT : rodrigues distribute the last of the devotional object . but the villager seem to expect more . they do not want to disperse . goto sick man padre . listen to I . konhisan . time CUT : rodrigues look out . rodrigue now ... will you say with I ... the word of this prayer . he bow he head . the congregation follow . rodrigue ( in rough but determine japanese ) '' ten no mashimasu warera ga on’oya , mina of tattomaretamae , miyo kitaritamae ... '' the congregation join he in say the prayer . ext . goto crumbling farmhouse day 4l time CUT : after the prayer , rodrigues walk among the faithful . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' and they come to I . I feel God himself be so near . '' he stop and speak with a old goto man . 42 35 rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' one prayer be answer on goto . it be there I learn the first real news of someone who might be Father ferreira . '' rodrigue you have see he then . a stern man ? goto man ( shake he head ) oh no . kind . so they say . it 's say he make a place for infant and the sick at shinmachi . but who can know for sure ? that be before the trouble . rodrigue where be that ? goto man near nagasaki . but so dangerous to go . the Old goto man slip back into the crowd . rodrigues 's face show a strange mixture of concern and excitement . CUT to : ext . goto clearing in the wood day 42 camera track through dense , quiet wood . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' in goto I baptize over a hundred adult and child , hear confession without number , give instruction and celebrate mass . but it be from kichijiro that I feel the great need . '' camera now discover : kichijiro on he knee before rodrigues in a clear like a small gethsemane . kichijiro I be kirishitan . I be kirishitan . rodrigue you do not take the crucifix . kichijiro I do not deserve it . 43 44 45 36 rodrigue because you deny God ? kichijiro yes , but only to live . Peter deny him three time , and still Peter love God . my whole family . they ... we be betrayed by a informer . the inquisitor inoue want we to give up we faith . stamp on Jesus with we foot . just once , just fast . but they would not . CUT to : ext . goto STREET day 43 Close up of the fumie . a foot hover over it , wavering . it be a board to which a iconic religious image have be attach -- in this case a image on metal of Christ . kichijiro ( v.o. ) but I do . kichijiro 's foot come down on the fumie as he family watch . CUT to : ext . goto clearing in the wood goto day 44 kichijiro become increasingly distraught as he speak . kichijiro my brother and sister ... we parent ... be all put in prison . I be release . but I could not abandon they , even if I have abandon God . CUT to : ext . goto beach execution site day 45 fill with samurai , guard , official and the curious : a large crowd have gather to watch a familiar ritual . kichijiro ( v.o. ) so I watch they die . 46 37 in the center of the surround crowd , kichijiro 's whole family -- he mother and father , two brother and two sister -- have be prepare for execution : he sister be bound to a stake , another be tie to a stake , four be bundle in straw sack and pile on top of each other . they be light on fire . smoke fill the sky and flame consume the body of the prisoner , who scream and cry to the heaven for mercy . one of kichijiro 's sister have long hair , hang loose . as the flame devour she body , they seem to rush up the hair , quickly surround she head with what look , for a brief , horrible moment , like a crown of FIRE . in the crowd , kichijiro , cover with filth and look like a wild dog , turn away from this horror and try to run . but he leg will not support he . he fall to the ground . kichijiro ( v.0 . ) whatever I do , wherever I go , I see the fire and smell the flesh . the one thing more terrible to I than they die be my shame . CUT to : ext . goto clearing in the wood day 46 kichijiro be close to tear . kichijiro after I see you and padre garupe for the first time ... I think ... I start to believe ... that God might take I back . because in ... in my dream , the fire be no longer so bright . rodrigues look at he very closely : he want to believe this testament , but he be still skeptical . rodrigue Jesus say , " every one therefore that shall confess I before man , I will also confess he before my Father who be in heaven . but he that shall deny I before man , I will also deny he before my Father who be in heaven . " kichijiro , chasten , lower he head . 47 38 rodrigue ( beat ; then relenting ) do you want I to hear you confession now ? kichijiro ( in tear ) bless I , Father , for I have sin . CUT to : ext . boat on the water night 47 the boatman be take rodrigues and kichijiro back to tomogi . kichijiro sprawl against the side of the boat . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' confession may have be good for kichijiro 's soul , but I admit , Father , it do not do much for he thirst . '' kichijiro salute rodrigues with a bottle of rice wine ( doburoku ) as he take a long gulp . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' but still that six day at goto , and kichijiro 's renewal of faith , make I think I could really be of use to people in this country at the end of the earth ... a people and a country I could still never understand . '' kichijiro a little strong drink once in a while might do you good , padre . have some ? rodrigue you have a good heart , kichijiro . you want to be a good man , all you need be strong faith . kichijiro I have faith , padre . and thirst too . he hold the bottle out to rodrigues again . rodrigues consider ... and take a gulp . he look off the bow and see they be approach tomogi beach . rodrigue we be there . CUT to : 48 49 39 ext . tomogi beach rock cave night 48 follow kichijiro , who have go ahead , rodrigues dash to the shelter of some overhange rock . rodrigues hear a noise and , expect kichijiro , boldly step from he shelter . rodrigue you take so long I think ... but it 's mokichi , with kichijiro and a few other village man behind he . they be anxious , and a few be afraid . mokichi men. from the inquisitor . they be in the village . they take ichizo . CUT to : ext . tomogi village STREET day 49 from far away , and above . midday sun pierce the sky , shine on a great cloud of white dust , make it almost gleam . the dust cloud obscure the village street . there be a SOUND , as of distant thunder ... and a riderless horse gallop through the cloud of dust and out of the village . from a hide place on a hill just above the village , rodrigues and garupe watch silently , fearfully . the dust cloud dissipate , revealing armed samurai move inexorably forward . the samurai stare impassively ahead at the entire population of the village , assemble down the length of the dirt street , all try to hide they fear . expecting the worst . and the villager look up at the sound of another horse ... this one move slowly . it carry the samurai commander , who look down at the villager with level and chill indifference . behind he be another rider , a old samurai wear a huge black hat like a umbrella . he smile at the villager benevolently . behind he , roughneck guard lead a prisoner on foot . the man be tightly bound and pull along harshly . it be ichizo . the samurai Commander rein in he horse in the middle of the street . the guard bring ichizo to stand beside he . 40 samurai commander ( to the villager ) we _know there be Christians among you , like this poor wretch here . a informer tell we . mokichi step forward , a reluctant spokesman . mokichi but _we pay we tax every year . and do we duty to the State . we worship in the temple like generation before we . samurai commander we_know you be all good people . we only want to hear about that who embrace the outlaw faith . and that who hide they . we will know who they be . the Old samurai look benignly around at the terrify villager . his presence be almost reassure as he eye drift over the people . from they hide place on the hill , rodrigues and garupe watch everything that be happen with increase unease . samurai commander think of the price for information . so much silver . old samurai you_have three day . he slap the rein easily on the horse 's back . the horse take he slowly down the main street as the people stare at he . the Old samurai seem to regret the treatment of ichizo as much as they do . the samurai Commander nods once and he man undo ichizo 's bond . samurai commander we will let this one go . but if we hear nothing in three day , we will take he again , along with three other . choose they yourselves . ( to mokichi , casually ) but_one of they must be you . mokichi ( 0.s. ) I be not afraid to die , padre . CUT to : 50 4l int . charcoal hut night 50 the hut be burst with people from the village , all of they in a state of worried agitation . rodrigues and garupe try to calm they a little even as they grapple with they own fear . mokichi ( cont would ) and we will never surrender you . rodrigues be shame by the strength of this simple resolve rodrigue ( quietly ) no one should die . mokichi no , but we will be in danger whether you go or stay . so stay . stay . we will never surrender you . garupe they will keep come back if we stay . they could destroy the entire village and kill you all while we hide . rodrigue we should give ourselves up . that would draw the danger away from you . there be a movement at the door : kichijiro stand there silhouett against the inky sky and sparkling moonlight . garupe we can hide on he island . kichijiro ( take aback ) there be no difference between there and here . they will come to goto , they will search , the same thing will happen . rodrigue and what would the people of tomogi say if we run ? mokichi all would say we love God . and you . even that who think inoue sama be try to protect we country . rodrigue protect it from what ? salvation ? 42 villager 1 no ! they would say it would be a good thing if you leave ! more of we would be save ! garupe and rodrigues do not understand what be be say , but from the fact that it be speak in japanese - - and so angrily -- they know it do not bode well . villager 2 you_ca not say that ! they come to do God 's work . we can not just give they up to inoue 's torture after all they have do for we . villager 1 what have they do ? they have put we all in danger ! we never know danger like this before they come here ! slowly ichizo , who have take no part in this debate , raise a hand . the room immediately go quiet . ichizo the padre stay . he repeat what he just say for the two priest . ichizo you will stay . ( a beat of silence ) now we must pick two more to join we . who will be a hostage ? who will join me_and mokichi to honor God ? a embarrassed , uneasy silence descend as every man in the room try to avoid the eye of the other . finally one man ( hostage 3 ) step forward . but after he , no one else move . until finally someone point at kichijiro . tomogi husband he 's not from here . what about he ? villager 2 ( to kichijiro ) yes . for all we sake . please consider it . it will not be so hard on you . the official will not question you so severely . it 's the people of tomogi they want now . 43 villager 1 he ’s_ not from here , why should we trust he ? he could be the one who inform on we . kichijiro I be not a informer ! tell they , padre . ( look pleadingly at rodrigues ) I confess all my sin . villager 2 then if you have receive the Lord 's bless act like it . honor he with you life . give we ours . kichijiro honor ? what be you talk about ? villager 2 a real kirishitan would know ! kichijiro does_your mother know you ? villager 2 kichijiro ( overlap ) ( overlap ) you_ can not say thing like i_can say what I want to you that to I . a man from tomogi you think I be afraid of you do not let himself be talk I be not afraid of anyone . to like that by anyone , much less _a drunk from goto . villager 2 lunge angrily for the cower kichijiro . other villager struggle to hold he back . the hut fill with angry shouting . rodrigue stop it ! the Priests struggle to separate kichijiro and the villager . as they back away from one another , a village woman haltingly move from the wall and prostrate herself in front of kichijiro . he can not look at she . village woman please . go _in we place . silence in the room . kichijiro look over to rodrigues . for guidance ? for sympathy ? he stare at the priest . then nods he head --almost imperceptibly --in assent . 51 44 mokichi so . the four of we . CUT to : ext . charcoal hut day 51 a drizzle soften the summer air as the priest escort the villager to the head of the trail that lead down the mountain to the village . mokichi but if we be tell ... if they make we trample on we Lord ... on the fumie ... if it will save the other ... garupe you must pray for courage , mokichi . mokichi but if we do not do what they want , there can be danger for everyone in the village . they can be question , take prisoner . taken away forever . what should we do ? the cicadas click relentlessly , they click sound carry by the wind in the tall tree . rodrigue ( impulsively ) it 's alright . trample . it 's alright to trample ... rodrigues stop himself , realize the full impact of what he 's just blurt out . the villager seem similarly surprised and garupe look at rodrigues in reproachful astonishment . garupe what be you say ? you can not ... kichijiro padre , why do deusu give we such a terrible trial ? we do not do anything wrong . rodrigues collect himself and the two priest look at each other . a even harder question with no easy answer . or no answer at all . except ... CUT to : 52 53 45 ext . trail down the mountain day 52 Priests and villager kneel together as a fine drizzle fall . they be finish a prayer . rodrigues feel mokichi take he hand and PRESS something into it : a small hand - carve cross , lovingly craft , subtle and distinctive in its power . rodrigues be deeply move . mokichi please . I make this for the jiisama . before you come . it be all we have . but now we have so much more . from you . ( rodrigues shake he head ) I have another . the one you give I . I will always have it . take this . please . in Jesus ' name . rodrigue you faith give I strength , mokichi . I wish I could give as much to you . mokichi my love for God be strong . could that be the same as faith ? rodrigue ( move ) I think it must be . mokichi fold rodrigues ' finger over the cross as we ... time CUT to : ext . tomogi village STREET day 53 the samurai commander , riding down the village street past a sullen , frighten populace . behind he be ichizo , tie and be pulled along by a guard on foot . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' this people be the most devote of God 's creature on earth . Father valignano , I confess , I begin to wonder . God send we trial to test we , and everything he do be good . and I pray to undergo trial , like he Son . but why must they trial be so terrible ? and why , when I look in my own heart , do the answer I give they seem so weak ? '' 46 behind ichizo we see the three other hostage : mokichi and kichijiro time CUT : and hostage 3 , all tie and pull along . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' they be in prison for three day . we pray for they safe return , hope then we might be safe too . '' the samurai Commander turn to address the hostage . samurai commander you all know that Christianity be a outlaw religion . mokichi we_know that . but we be buddhist . we live accord to the teaching of the priest at we Temple . samurai commander is_ that so ? all of you ? ( they nod slowly ) then it will be a easy thing to step on the image of the bless virgin and she child . fume ! one by one , they begin to obey the order . xcu : of foot and knee , falling on the image of Christ . time CUT : rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' all of they do as they be command . but it be not enough . '' the samurai Commander look at they with contempt . samurai commander you think we be fool so easily ? we see _how you look as you foot come down . you be nervous . full of fear . from the hide place on the hill above the village rodrigues and garupe watch the event below with mount dread . mokichi we_were not . why should we be ? we be buddhist . samurai commander then let 's try one more way . he hold up a crucifix . 54 55 47 samurai commander ( cont would ) spit on this . and say you so - call bless virgin be a whore . cu : ichizo , with a crucifix hold close to he face by a outstretch hand . the old man shake he head . rodrigue ( v.o. ) Old ichizo would not do it . xcu : a eye , as a tear roll down the face of mokichi . rodrigue ( v.o. ) mokichi could not . neither could the other man . but kichijiro succeed where the rest fail . kichijiro spit on the crucifix . then he be pulled roughly to he foot by two guard and shove away . kichijiro run off in shame . rodrigue ( v.o. ) and so he be release . I must believe he suffer , along with the other . CUT to : ext . tomogi beach day 54 Three tree make into the shape of cross stand at the water 's edge , stark against the sky . ichizo , mokichi and hostage 3 be tie to the cross by Guards . one offer they some sake to warm themselves . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' we be tell they be give sake , as the Roman soldier offer vinegar to the die Christ . garupe and rodrigues watch from a hide place in the rock . rodrigue ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) '' perhaps they remember we Lord 's suffer and take courage and comfort from it . '' CUT to : ext . tomogi beach day 55 wave break on the beach at the head of a onrush tide , swamping the crucify mokichi . 55 a 56 48 his body be crust with salt , twisted by the rush of the water . he twist in agony . next to he be the body of hostage 3 , who have already die . mokichi deusu ... deusu ... on he right , ichizo 's age body spasm in pain . he too be die . he look over at mokichi and manage to say one word : ichizo pa...paraiso . and die . mokichi avert he eye and raise they to heaven . mokichi deusu , receive he spirit . now he suffer be end , receive he , Lord in you glory . another wave strike he in the face . mokichi please Jesus ! ext . tomogi beach day 55 a hour later : the wave have subside . Guards sit on rock listen to someone sing . it be mokichi , sing a hymn . rodrigues and garupe listen from they hide place . a moment of grace . CUT to : ext . tomogi beach dusk 56 as before : camera sweep along with a income wave breaking against the shore , the water rush up the sand toward ... .+- mokichi , on the cross . the tide be not quite so high now : it hit he chest level . but he body hang limp and lifeless from the cross . the pull of the tide have already tear he from the rope that bind he . his body dangle loose . another wave buffet mokichi 's body and finally break it loose from the cross . his body be tossed in the water . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' it take mokichi four day to die . at the end he sing a hymn , so they say . his voice be the only sound . ( more ) 56 a 57 49 rodrigue ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) the people of the village who be gather on the beach be always silent . '' ext . tomogi beach night 56 a Guards grab mokichi 's body by he arm and carry he up the beach , under the watchful supervision of the samurai . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' the people be watch closely , so the body could not be give a Christian burial . '' CUT to : ext . tomogi beach night 57 instruct by the samurai , Guards fling mokichi 's body onto a pyre make of driftwood . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' mokichi 's body be so heavy with water it turn the flame to smoke before it finally catch fire . any bone that remain be scattered in the ocean , so they could not be venerate . '' through the smoking , leaping flame we see : the three cross , still plant firm in the moonlit sand . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' I have long read about martyrdom in the live of the Saints , but this be no such glorious thing . surely God hear they prayer as they die . but do he hear they scream ? I pray that he might reach out to they , but how can I explain his silence to this people who have endure so much ? I need all my strength to understand it myself . humanity be so sad , Lord , and the ocean so blue . '' from they hide place , rodrigues and garupe pray silently as the three empty cross be wash with sea water . CUT to : 50 ext . tomogi beach night 58 rodrigues and garupe , accompany by several anxious villager , hurry toward two wait fishing boat . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' this may be my last report to you , Father . today we hear the guard be in the mountain look for we . so we have decide it will be safer to separate . Father garupe will make for hirado , to continue the mission , and I will return to goto to try to learn more about shinmachi . the last place Father ferreira live , and the place I may still find he . please believe , Father , that if this be my last word to you I ask forgiveness for my weakness and my doubt , and I beg God for the strength to stand against whatever suffer befall I if inoue find I . and I ask you to remember Father garupe and I in you mass and in you prayer . with my life and whole heart , I praise God . remember we in you holy sacrifice , you obedient son ... '' they have to tear they glance away from the cross , which stand like giant driftwood in the drift of the sea . garupe kichijiro be right . if we have leave they might still be alive . rodrigue we do not know that . and we can not doubt . that will be we death . garupe be we give up ? be that what we be do ? be we run away ? rodrigue it 's more of a test than we think . garupe after people have die for we . I feel like a coward . 51 rodrigue no . we purpose be the same . we can not fulfill it if we be capture . God will give we strength . garupe reach inside he clothes and remove he rosary . he offer it to rodrigues . garupe take this . remember I . rodrigue thank you , brother . but I have this . rodrigues show he the carve cross that mokichi give he . rodrigue from one of we bless martyr already in heaven . ( garupe look doubtful ) because of we , Francisco . because of we . rodrigues sound as if he 's try to convince himself of this as well as give garupe strength . garupe hold he arm out to rodrigues and hug he quickly . garupe my prayer go with you . rodrigue and my love with you . garupe I pray to be as strong as you . the priest WADE into the water toward they wait fishing boat . but rodrigues turn quickly ... rodrigue stay alive ! promise I . promise ! garupe I promise . the priest hoist themselves into the wait boat which move quickly away from the beach . they be soon lose to each other under the cover of the dense starless night . CUT to : 59 60 52 ext . boat / sea night 59 a oar , churning up the inky sea . a small boat breast the wave , cut through the pitch night . rodrigues be its only passenger , a single boatman the sole crew . he will not look rodrigues in the eye . rodrigues hug himself for warmth . rodrigue be there any water ? ( no reply ) Water ? I be very thirsty . the boatman do not reply . perhaps he do not understand . note : now when we hear rodrigue v.uo. , he voice be different : like a whisper , like a man tell secret to himself . the word be like a fervent prayer , part penitence , part reflection and part stream - of - consciousness struggle . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' Father in Heaven , praise be thy name . I be just a foreigner who bring disaster . that 's the way they think of I now . but if I have be a ordinary Christian , and not a priest , would not I have also disgrace we Lord and run like kichijiro ? he trail he finger in the sea and suck the drop of salt water from he finger . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' I imagine you Son , nail to the cross , and my mouth taste like vinegar . '' CUT to : ext . goto beach and sea dawn 60 the shore , see from the boat : the sun have not yet burnt away the morning mist . the land look shroud , unwelcome . rodrigue ( 0.s. ) be that goto ? the boatman turn the boat so rodrigues can disembark . he put he hand out to help rodrigues , who , to the boatman 's surprise , shake it , then use it to steady himself as he stand in the boat rock in the wave ... 61 62 53 ... and step over the side . the boatman quickly rows away as rodrigues splashes toward shore like a thief in the night . CUT to : ext . goto STREET day 61 desert . hut in disrepair . Broken plate and cup and bit of furniture strewn in the dust . Doors break . the only sound be the wind . he smirk at the absurdity ... then stop quickly , spin at the sound of the mewing of a cat . the cat stride by itself . the cat go past rodrigues 's leg . then more cat . and more . until they be a silent phalanx parade silently , indifferently , past the stare priest . CUT to : int . goto village hut day 62 rodrigues scavenge for scrap of food . he drink a bowl of water greedily , splashes what remain on he face , then go to the doorway . there be nothing outside but desolation . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' I sleep stand , like a camel . I dream of mountain , and flight , and we Saint Francis . what happen to all the glorious possibility he find here ? '' a cat walk down the empty street with a field mouse between its jaw . rodrigues lean against the door jamb . we see he from behind : he body go slack . the wind blows . swarm of fly fill the air . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' what have I do for Christ ? what be I do for Christ ? what will I do for Christ ? '' CUT to : 63 64 65 54 ext . goto mountain path day 63 rodrigues climb a steep path up a craggy mountain . black crow circle overhead , casting long , slow shadow in the afternoon sun . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' one priest remain in this country be like a single candle burn in the catacomb . '' a shadow of a crow cross rodrigue 's face , startling he . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' but everything I see only fill I with unease . and I feel danger . everywhere . '' CUT to : ext . goto mountain hilltop dusk 64 rodrigues look down from the top of the mountain on the desert village of goto and the implacable sea beyond . rodrigues take a cucumber from he bag and bite into it ravenously . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' Saint Francis xavier . and cabral . valignano himself . they cross the black sea of Japan and be receive with love . they do not have to run away . '' CUT to : omitted 65 65a 66 67 55 ext . goto hill of reed day 65a rodrigues walk amongst tall reed . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' Jesus 's spirit be forge in the wilderness . Lord , grant I the strength to follow his example . for God so love the world ... '' ext . goto mountain campfire site dawn 66 cu : rodrigues ' hand , with mokichi 's cross between they , lock in morning prayer . rodrigue ( v.0 ) '' I feel so tempt to despair . I be afraid . I pray , but I be lose ... or be you testing I ? his forehead presses so hard against the mountain stone it seem he skull might split . rodrigue ( cont ’d ) '' how can I find ferreira if there be no one to show I the way ? '' he get up to begin he day 's journey , pull he meager clothes close to he body for warmth ... then sees something . ... the ash of a fire . a faint glow of die ember , on the far side of a rocky path . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' be this you sign that I be not alone ? '' approach warily , he reach down to touch a ember . it be still warm . he pull he hand away . CUT to : ext . goto mountaintop tree day 67 from above . a flock of crow hover on a branch . they watch rodrigues approach in the distance . suddenly the camera take off like a bird and sail into a extreme cu of rodrigues , flail at a crow , knock it away . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' or be this you sign ? 55 a he pick up some stone and throw they at the bird , who fly away in a squawk panic . the sense of the desperation of he situation -- the isolation , the danger -- overwhelm he . 68 69 56 rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' or no sign at all ? I expect you silence , but the weight of it be terrible . God , lend I the strength to be worthy of this trial and to remain faithful to Jesus . '' a cloud obliterate the last trace of sun . rodrigue '' despair be the great sin , but in the mystery of you silence , it crowd my heart . '' rain begin , splash he face in large drop . he look for shelter . leave be splatter by giant rain drop . the top of tree sway in the wind like seaweed . CUT to : ext . goto poor mountain hut 1 day 68 a poor hut in the distance . rodrigues hurrie toward it as the rain fall harder , soaking he through . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' but I will not give in . I pray for you forgiveness . I will find the man who set the fire . any man . even if he bring danger . to help and guide I . '' CUT to : int . goto poor mountain hut 1 day 69 rodrigues stare into the hut . Water drip through the thatched roof . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' I think , I hope , that even if there be only one man here I could renew my mission . '' the hut be empty . rodrigues look disappointed . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' but we Lord urge I on . '' CUT to : 70 71 72 57 ext . goto crest of hill / slope day 70 follow day . rodrigues gaze down on a village below he . rodrigue ( v.0 . ) '' to find a place to begin again . '' the poor village below shine in the sunlight . it seem like a marvelous place to he . rodrigue ( cont ’d ) ( softly ) '' how lovely be thy tabernacle , o Lord of host ! '' everything you have create be good . '' use a stick for a staff , he hurry toward the village . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' you bring I here to bring the water of life to this poor people . '' in he eagerness , he slip on the rocky earth , stumble , lose he balance . the staff drop from he hand . he tumble down the slope , bloodying he face ... CUT to : ext . goto slope day 71 .».- as he hit the bottom of the slope , crying out in pain . he roll over , try to pick himself up ... ... and find himself face to face with kichijiro , who be brandishing the staff like a club . they stare at each other in astonishment . kichijiro help rodrigues to he foot and hand he he staff . kichijiro I think I be be follow . CUT to : int . goto mountain hut 2 day 72 kichijiro help wipe the blood from rodrigues ' face . a small fire smoke in the corner . rain leak from the thatched roof . kichijiro why do you come here , padre ? this place be dangerous . where be you go ? 73 58 rodrigue nowhere . he take kichijiro 's rag and finish clean himself . kichijiro we must be careful . there 's a price of three hundred piece of silver for you . rodrigue Three hundred ... juda get only thirty . kichijiro there be kirishitan in other place . not far . we can hide there . I will take care of you . rodrigues say nothing . CUT to : int . goto mountain hut 2 day 73 later . the rain have stop . kichijiro be crouch over the fire , chew on grass and cooking fish . kichijiro I hope you be not angry with I , padre . I be only follow you instruction . faithfully . ( beat ) I be ashamed to step on we Lord 's face and now I be a outcast again . mokichi and my family stay strong , like root of a tree . but I be weak . I will never grow . no man know he strength until he be test . kichijiro hold out a small piece of fish which he have cook over the fire . kichijiro ( cont would ) take it . please . rodrigues be hungry , but wary too . kichijiro set the fish in front of he with a tiny but uncharacteristic flourish . kichijiro you must be so hungry . rodrigues take the fish and devour it in quick bite . 74 59 kichijiro I do not know how mokichi could be so strong . I be so weak . rodrigue be you ? you can certainly look after yourself . kichijiro not to be selfish , only to find my way to God . I be like you . I have nowhere else to go . I be make weak , where be the place for a weak man in a world like this ? rodrigues look at kichijiro with pity . rodrigue Saint Paul say , '' when I be weak , then I be strong . '' do you want to confess for mokichi and ichizo ? kichijiro nods and kneel . a lizard scurries across the ground and around he leg . rodrigues pronounce a bless . rodrigue '' in nomine patris et filii et spiritus sancti ... '' as the confession continue , we also hear ... rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' we Lord be crown with thorns . we Lord be crucify ... '' .+- and the word of the confession become rodrigues 's whisper prayer . rodrigue ( v.o. ) " what you will do , do quickly . '' you Son 's word to juda at the last Supper . be he angry when he say they ? or do they come from love ? '' CUT to : int . goto mountain hut 2 night 74 rodrigues lie on the ground near kichijiro , who squat near a smoking fire . the priest would appear to be sleep , but he eye be wide open . 60 rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' and if Jesus love juda , why do not he stop he ? '' kichijiro look at rodrigues , who close he eye tight . kichijiro padre ? be you asleep ? ( no response ) padre ? rodrigues still do not answer . after a moment , he eye flutter , as if he 's waking ... - and look for kichijiro . but kichijiro be go . rodrigue " what you will do , do quickly . " he lie down again , resign to whatever fate kichijiro may have in store ... but kichijiro walk in from the shadow , arm load with twig which he dump on the fire . kichijiro do you say something , padre ? rodrigue prayer . rodrigues turn away from he and , relieved , close he eye . kichijiro do not you trust I by now ? no one trust I . CUT to : 75 ext . path in the wood day 75 kichijiro 's staff pierce the body of a snake in the grass at the side of the road . he hold the die reptile up . kichijiro take this . we eat they for medicine . rodrigues shake he head and walk on . kichijiro pull the wiggling snake from he staff and throw it into the grass . CUT to : 76 61 ext . path in the wood day 76 a path through a deep wood . SUN shine down in shaft through the dense tree . the heat make white steam rise on the road . kichijiro walk several yard in front of rodrigues . kichijiro we will not reach the village today if we can not walk faster . ( turn ) be you all right , padre ? you seem tired . rodrigue just ...no , I be all right . just so thirsty . the fish be so salty . kichijiro I will find you some water . keep walk . kichijiro take a water vessel from he pouch . rodrigue no , that 's all right , I ... I thirst . kichijiro we Lord say that . rodrigue yes . I mean ... I eat so much of that fish . you make I . kichijiro for strength . kichijiro dash from the path and into the wood , hold the small water vessel . rodrigues be alone . he walk a few step , stop , look around . he be exhaust and uncertain . he sink to he knee and pray aloud . rodrigue Lord , hear I . my foot be on the path , but I do not know where it lead . as rodrigues pray , camera move back , further and further ... rodrigue please , Lord , lead I . give I you hand ... sudden CUT to : the water vessel , falling and smashing on the ground . kichijiro stare at rodrigues . 77 62 kichijiro I be sorry , padre . I think something be wrong . ( as rodrigues get up ) but never mind . there be a stream just nearby . you can drink as much as you like . rodrigues resignedly follows kichijiro off the path . CUT to : ext . stream day 77 rodrigues ' face , reflected in the water as he kneel by the bank . as he stare at it , the gentle current shift , create ripples that change the reflection_to the image of ... ... desus : much the same image as in the evora chapel . rodrigues laugh and plunge he face into the water , breaking the image . he drink deeply from the river , then raise he head . he sees he reflection again . he scoops up a handful of water , rub it on he face . when he lower he arm , he sees ... ... the samurai commander . frightened , rodrigues jump to he foot and back into the stream . ... but sees : a half -dozen samurai and guard . rodrigues know he be trap . he try to hide he panic . the samurai Commander signal he man . they quickly cross the stream and seize rodrigues firmly but not forcibly . rodrigues 's bag fall from he and the content spill out ( he chalice , paten , pyx with host , wine flask , missal , crucifix , and notebook . ) then the samurai Commander incline he head in the direction of ... ..- kichijiro , who be watch from a large rock a few yard away . the samurai Commander throws a handful of tiny silver piece at he . kichijiro let they lie where they fall as he watch rodrigues be LED off through the thick brush . kichijiro padre , forgive I ! I be weak . I tell you I be weak . God know I be weak but will he still love I ? be not that what you promise ? do God still love I ? the samurai Commander stare at kichijiro impassively . 62 a kichijiro I pray for God 's forgiveness . will he hear I ? 78 63 rodrigues turn to look at kichijiro , who stare after he , get smaller and smaller as rodrigues be pull away . kichijiro even I ? will he forgive even I ? CUT to : ext . wood and clearing day 78 the SUN be merciless . heat wave rise from the earth . rodrigues , pulled by he captor , stumble along the path , swallow dust . peasant and villager on the route stare at he . rodrigues try to smile at a boy who look at he wide - eye , but he crack lip only make he mouth wrinkle . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' and the word be with God , and the word be God . " the procession , with rodrigues in the middle , leave the path for a field . five peasant , bound , stare in amazement as ... ..- rodrigues approach . Guards nonchalantly place the priest in the midst of the peasant who bow as he settles on the ground . he notice a tiny twig hut in the near distance . the whole scene be unexpectedly peaceful . rodrigue ( v.o. ) so quiet . like a day of peace and prayer , not a day of sacrifice . I will not be a martyr today . '' the Lord be near to the brokenhearted and save the crush in spirit . '' thank you , Father . '' everything be your , do with it what you will . give I only you love and you grace . that be enough for I . '' a peasant woman ( monica ) reach into she blouse and retrieve a cucumber , which she offer to rodrigues . the sound of fly hum . rodrigue bless be god. arigataya ... what be you name ? monica monica . rodrigue like the mother of Augustine . 64 monica my baptism name . that man be Juan . she pronounce it '' ju-wan , '' which be the way everyone pronounce it throughout . rodrigues nod at the man , whose eyelid lie lifeless over he leave eye . the taste of the cucumber be foul in he mouth , as bitter as the fear he try to suppress . but he 's ravenous . he keep eat . monica ( cont would ) he want he name to be like we priest who die at unzen . rodrigue ( unguard ) there will be many more join he . they look at he blankly . a sudden desperation escape he . his temper flare . rodrigue why be you look like that ? why be you so calm ? do not you understand ? we be all go to die like that . soon . they look at he with grow astonishment and he immediately begin to feel remorse for he outburst . he force down the last bite of cucumber . rodrigue thank you ... for the food . monica arigataya . but padre ...our father ... padre Juan ... say if we die we will go to paraiso . rodrigue paradise , yes ... monica be not it good to die ? paraiso be so much better than here . no one hungry , never sick . no tax , no hard work . rodrigue ( conciliatory ) padre Juan be right . there 's no work in paraiso . no tax , no hunger . nothing can be steal from you . and there 's no pain .... ( more ) 65 rodrigue ( cont would ) ( beat ) be there other priest ? monica only padre juan. rodrigue be there a padre ferreira ? ( as monica struggle to pronounce the name ) ferreira ? do you ever hear of he ? monica shake she head . rodrigues look away toward the old samurai approach with two peasant . he seem to be step straight out of the broiling sun . he deftly wield a fan to ward off fly that buzz perpetually in the steaming air and squat on the ground . old samurai you all , I wish you would stop cause me_so much trouble - please - in this heat , and the dust . they be especially bad this year . we should not be travel so far at we age . and it 's all so unnecessary . just make a little effort to understand we point of view . we do not hate you . there 's no real reason for this trouble . you have bring it on yourself . and you can rid yourself of it too . they keep they eye on the ground , not look at he . old samurai no_ need to feel lose . I will give you time to think it over . then you can give I a reasonable answer . go_on now . he gesture they away and they rise . rodrigues get up with they but the Old samurai snap out ... old samurai not you ! ( beat ) you stay . rodrigues , startle , sit back down on the ground . the Old samurai stand , sip from a cup of water . old samurai ( cont would ) you understand what I be say to they ? you japanese be good enough ? 66 rodrigue I see you eye . old samurai and what do you think you see there ? ( rodrigues do not answer ) they be fool , that peasant . rodrigues glance at the prisoner be lead away . rodrigue ( v.o. ) Lord spare they suffer and keep they safe in you hand . old samurai they can talk among themselves without end and decide nothing . not one can think for himself . but you understand , do not you ? rodrigue just say what you mean . old samurai that it all depend on you whether they be set free . you kirishitan God be sensible , at least in some thing . let he tell you to deny you faith . rodrigue and if I refuse you 's 1ll kill I ? '' the blood of martyr be the seed of the church . '' like the priest in omura and nagasaki . the Old samurai look at he sharply . old samurai be think about this , have you ? killing the peasant make it worse . if they can die for they deusu they think it only make they stronger . rodrigue if you have to do it , punish I alone . old samurai ( angry ) you do not speak like a good priest . ( more ) 79 67 old samurai ( cont would ) if you be a real man , a truly good priest , you should feel pity for the kirishitan . be not that so , padre ? be not that so ? he get up . rodrigues do not respond . old samurai ( cont would ) the price for you glory be they suffer . CUT to : int . tiny hut of twig day 79 this be the hut that rodrigues glimpse in the distance in the previous scene . Guards push he inside . he lose he balance and fall to the dirt . the guard laugh and leave . he try to pray . he recite the pater noster and the Ave Maria , but the word be dry in he mouth . a burst of light hit he . the interpreter be silhouett against the outside light . rodrigues 's face remain in full light that be sometimes so strong he have to blink . interpreter padre ? ( continue in heavy accent ) louvado seja deus , nosso pai . rodrigue ( reply , smile slightly ) praise be to him . interpreter the portuguese language be a gift of you Father cabral . I have be ask to interpret on you behalf . rodrigue behalf ? interpreter ( continue ) there be concern that we might miss certain subtlety in you testimony ... rodrigue testimony ... 68 interpreter ( still continue on ) ..- if you be confine to japanese . we want to be fair . and we do have a better grasp of you language than you do of ours . cabral could never manage much more than arigataya . all the time he live here he teach but would not learn . he despise we language , we food , we custom . rodrigue I be not like cabral . interpreter really ? ( pause ) would you like to go outside ? we do not think you 'il run . rodrigue be you sure ? I be not a saint and I be afraid of death . interpreter I admire you honesty , padre . courage can so often be blind . but that be the kind of courage that do violence to we and cause we endless trouble . rodrigue be that all you think we bring you ? violence and endless trouble ? interpreter we have we own religion , padre . pity you do not notice it . rodrigue we think a different way . interpreter true . you say we buddhas be all man . rodrigue a buddha die too . like all man . he be different from the creator . interpreter you be ignorant , padre . only a Christian would see buddhas simply as man . we buddha be a be which man can become . ( more ) 69 interpreter ( cont would ) something great than himself , if he can overcome all he illusion . but you cling to you illusion and call they faith . ( rodrigues do not reply ) you creator be all loving and all merciful , so you believe . then why do he give people so much suffer on the way to heaven ? rodrigue you do not understand . if any man observe God 's commandment , he ... interpreter ( interrupt ) I do understand , padre . it 's perfectly simple . korobu . do you know this word ? you should know it . it mean fall down . surrender . give up the faith . apostatize , as you say . do it or you dear peasant will enjoy one of that trial that come so often from you God . they will see the world from his vantage . from above . but they will be upside down , hang over a pit . thing start to look very different from there . they do to father porro and cassola . have you hear of they ? there be one call pedro , too . and ferreira of course . rodrigue ferreira ? interpreter do you know he ? rodrigue I have hear of he . interpreter no doubt . he 's well know all over Japan now . the priest with the japanese name . and the japanese wife . rodrigue ( stunne ) I do not believe you . interpreter you can ask anyone . people in nagasaki point he out and marvel . 80 81 82 83 70 rodrigues shake he head , try to deny what he 's hear . the interpreter see that he information have make a impact . interpreter he 's hold in great esteem now . which , I believe , be why he come here in the first place . the interpreter step out . CUT to : ext . tiny hut of twig day 80 the interpreter look casually at the guard . interpreter arrogant . like all of they . but he will fall . CUT to : int . tiny hut of twig day 81 rodrigues be praying fervently now , in contrast to he prayer of only minute before . he have be shake by the news of ferreira . rodrigue Lord , forgive I for my pride . give I the strength Father ferreira do not have . if he could not stand up to the test , how can I ? I think martyrdom would be my salvation . dear God , do not let it be my shame . ccut to omitted 82 ext . japanese prison boat night 83 rodrigues rest he head against the side of the boat which move forward under full sail . we think at first he be praying . but he eye be wide open , and he lip be still . rodrigue ( v.o. ) Lord , I feel the weight of they fate . that who have die . that who will die . like the weight of you silence . 84 71 rodrigues raise he head as he hear a SOUND : the choppy , rhythmic dip of a distant oar in the water . in the shadow , the interpreter notice rodrigues stare into the night . boatman be anyone there ? rodrigue someone 's follow . interpreter someone night fishing . leave he alone . CUT to : ext . nagasaki STREET day 84 a japanese worker drop he shovel and rush toward the camera , as he come closer , he be join by a dozen other , all gape toward ... ..- rodrigues , on a age horse . he attract more attention this way . he be muttering a psalm . rodrigue '' the Lord be my refuge and my deliverer . my God be my helper , and in him will I put my trust . '' a woman approach , hold two child by the sleeve . child look how big he be . a small band of strolling minstrel ( wear hakama ) laugh and provide musical accompaniment to rodrigues 's halting progress . rodrigue '' of the blood all price exceed , shed by we Immortal King , destine , for the world 's redemption ... '' now we see : rodrigues be among a group of other prisoner and guard . all prisoner but rodrigues be bound and be pulled along . Black clothed buddhist priest point at rodrigues . rodrigue '' we adore you , o Christ , and we bless you ... '' 85 86 72 traveler with hat huge as umbrella and straw coat gape . a man in the crowd throws dirt . rodrigue ( cont would ) '' , .. because by you holy cross you have redeeme the world . '' rodrigues turn toward the man who throw the dirt at he , and the crowd respond with further jeer . and in they midst now rodrigues sees ... ..- kichijiro , stare at he in pity , fear and shame . rodrigue ( call to he ) be it you last night ? kichijiro slink back into the crowd . Beyond he , in the near distance , we see ... ..- nagasaki . it 's a city still under construction . sound of build accompany the procession as it move steadily toward the city and a hill on which stand a ... CUT to : ext . new prison day 85 the procession enter the prison gate . rodrigues look at this new place of confinement , try to mask he emotion . CUT to : int . new prison rodrigue 's cell day 86 Light stream through a small window . sound of the city be build up drift from outside : cry of work man ; sound of tree be sawed and nail be driven . cu on rodrigues : he be making a rosary from bit of paper and string . his beard and hair have grow . the SOUND of the nail be pound make he reflective . rodrigue ( v.o. ) thank you , Lord , for the gentle day here , and I pray ... I hope ... I have find the strength for whatever await I at they end . 86a 86b 73 int . new prison christian cell day 86a in a quick series of time cut , we see : rodrigues , minister to the other prisoner , include monica and she husband Juan ; recite passage from scripture ; hearing confession by press he ear to the hole through which food be pass as other prisoner huddle in the cell corner . rodrigue ( v.o. ) even the guard here have be touch by you hand . my ministry to the other prisoner be a precious gift to I and , I hope , a help to they . we intercut the glimpsis of rodrigues and the prisoner with shot of he fashion the rosary from paper and string . rodrigue ( v.o. ) I feel so close to you now , Father . I see the life of you Son so clearly , almost like my own . and his face . it take all fear from I . it 's the face I remember from childhood , the face I see at evora . int . new prison rodrigue 's cell day 86b rodrigues stare at the dirt floor of he cell and imagine the face of Christ from the evora chapel look back at he . rodrigue ( v.o. ) speak to I . I be sure of it . promise '' I will not abandon you . '' rodrigues stare at the image of Christ and repeat aloud ... rodrigue '' I will not abandon you ... will not abandon ... '' suddenly a untidy package of clothes fall across the image of Christ like a great blot . rodrigues look up startle . a guard stand at the door . guard put that on . hurry up , or we will not let you have any more paper and string for you toy . ( as rodrigues hesitates ) ( more ) 87 74 guard ( cont would ) jittoku . you should be honore . it 's what we priest wear . CUT to : ext . new prison yard day 87 five samurai be seat formally in the yard , the Old samurai in the middle , the interpreter next to he . they all hold fan , which they swish in the stifling air . rodrigues , wear the clothes of the Buddhist priest , squint at the hot sun . then glancing to he leave , he sees ... ---monica , Juan and the other prisoner watch through they small cell window as he seat himself on the ground . he be very aware of he responsibility to be strong for they . samurai 1 Father rodrigues ? from Portugal , yes ? I be sorry , padre , for my speak . my language be not so good . but his lordship the Governor of chikugo be anxious about you comfort ... comfort ? interpreter perhaps '' discomfort . '' samurai 1 discomfort , yes . about why you be here . and ... he look to the interpreter , who nod . samurai 1 ( cont would ) ... if you be not at ease , please say so . ( rodrigues bow he head ) you also have ... have ... move on the water ... unsatisfied with the way he 's express himself , he look to the interpreter again , then begins speak rapidly in japanese . the interpreter translate swiftly . samurai 1 ( in japanese ) you trip be long . there be many danger . the power of you determination touch us_ greatly . we know you have also suffer greatly . we do hot wish to add to you suffer . 75 interpreter ( translate as samurai 1 speak ) '' you trip be long . there be many danger . the power of you determination touch we greatly . we know you have also suffer greatly . we do not wish to add to you suffer . '' this word pierce rodrigues 's heart . they be gently speak , but he sense the threat that lurk beneath they . samurai 1 and the think that we might do_so be painful for we too . rodrigue thank you . samurai 1 Father , the doctrine you bring with you may be true in Spain and Portugal . but we have study it carefully think about it over much time ... and find it 's of no use and no value in Japan . we have conclude that it be a danger . interpreter ( cont would ) '' and the think that we might do so be painful for we too . '' interpreter '' Father , the doctrine you bring with you may be true in Spain and Portugal . but we have study it carefully ... think about it over much time ... and find it be of no use and no value in Japan . we have conclude that it be a danger . '' the Old samurai watch rodrigues formulate he reply with great interest . samurai 1 occasionally whisper a translation to the Old samurai . rodrigue but we believe we bring you the truth , and the truth be universal . it 's common to all country at all time , that 's why we truth . if a doctrine in Japan as it be in could not call it the call it the be not as true Portugal , we truth . the Old samurai nod he head in agreement . rodrigues feel encourage . he have one ally in this severe tribunal . 76 samurai 1 interpreter i_see you do not work with '' I see you do not work with you hand , Father . but you hand , Father . but everyone know _a tree which everyone know a tree which flourish in one kind of flourish in one kind of earth may decay and die in earth may decay and die in another . it be the same with another . it be the same with the tree of Christianity . the the tree of Christianity . the leave decay here . the bud leave decay here . the bud die. die . '' rodrigue ( heat ) it be not the soil that have kill the bud . there be three hundred thousand Christians in Japan before the soil be ... samurai 1 yes ? rodrigue poison . samurai 1 have to restrain he anger over this response . only the old samurai seem to understand what rodrigues mean , and even sympathize with it . the priest be encourage by the Old samurai 's response . he glance briefly over at the prisoner watch from they cell window , and continue boldly ... rodrigue ( cont would ) you have no reply ? why should you ? you be never go to change my mind and I be not go to change yours . if you really want to test my faith , give I a real challenge . take I to the inquisitor . bring I to inoue sama . there be a linger moment of baffle silence . then ... ... laughter . even a benign smile from the Old samurai . rodrigue I be sorry , I do not think I be here for you amusement . ( as laughter continue ) what be you laugh at ? the laughter die after a few moment . 76 a interpreter because , padre ... 88 77 the Old samurai interrupt with a flick of he fan . old samurai because I be the Governor of chikugo , padre . I be the inquisitor . I be inoue . rodrigues be stunned . the Old samurai rise and walk out of the yard . the other samurai follow . from behind he , rodrigues hear the prisoner sing a hymn . as the Guards take he back to he cell , he see all they face there , sing , and he feel he have do well . CUT to : ext . / int . new prison yard & cell day 88 hole in the ground , be dig by prisoner as rain pour down and rodrigues watch from he cell window . a Guard walk by and the priest call to he . rodrigue how long will they have to work in this rain ? prison guard ( heavy accent ) until finish . rodrigue what be the hole for ? prison guard ( casually ) privies . the Guard walk on ... and rodrigues sees , near the prison entrance , a man in a cape stand , unmove , in the rain . a Guard chase he away with threaten gesture . the man retreat . the Guard walk on ... .+. and the man steal back , and stand there . look at the prisoner . look toward rodrigues . time CUT : the man in the cape stand close to the window now ... close enough for rodrigues to recognize he . kichijiro ( call out ) padre ! padre ! please listen to I ! 89 78 his plea draw guard , who rush at he with stick . he look afraid , take a step back , but then stand he ground . kichijiro ( cont would ) I be force to step on we Lord 's face ! God make I weak then ask I to be strong . that 's not fair . the Guards be grappling with he now , but he keep call out to rodrigues , who cover he ear . kichijiro they threaten I ! the official ... but I never take they money ! I do not betray you for money ! prison guard get out of here now or we will hurt you worse . kichijiro go_ahead ! I be a kirishitan ! put I in prison ! I be a kirishitan ! the Guards be happy to oblige . they drag kichijiro through the mud and rain past rodrigues 's window . kichijiro look at he pleadingly . rodrigues reach out he hand in bless ... but stop . rodrigue ( v.o. ) do Jesus pray for juda ? he watch from the shadow as kichijiro be dragge away . CUT to : int . new prison christian cell day 89 rodrigues step into the cell , sees : the Christian prisoner seat together in a group , some speak among themselves , other praying . see the priest , monica glance toward a corner of the cell and we pan to reveal : kichijiro , crouching in the shadow , separate from the other . shiver . monica be careful of he , padre . maybe inoue sama pay he to make we trample . kichijiro no ! he do not ! padre ... padre , let I confess . please , padre . 79 the other prisoner watch as rodrigues -- reluctantly ; warily -- go to kichijiro and kneel beside he . kichijiro be filthy , and smell foul , and instinctively rodrigues move back . kichijiro I know I smell . I smell of sin . I know . I want to confess again , so the Lord can wash I clean . rodrigue why do you come here ? be it for absolution ? do you understand what absolution be ? kichijiro ( quietly , almost casually ) do you understand what I have be say ? yes , padre , I deny . I be a apostate . year ago . I could have die a good kirishitan . there be no persecution . why be I bear now ? this be so unfair ... I be sorry ... the prisoner watch and listen with great interest . rodrigue but do you still believe ? kichijiro look down . he can not answer . as rodrigues make the bless and kichijiro begin he confession : rodrigue in némine patris et filii et spiritus sancti . kichijiro I be sorry - for be so weak . I be sorry this have happen . I be sorry for what I do to you . please , help I take away the sin . I will try again to be strong . time CUT : rodrigue ( give absolution ) déminus noster Jesus christus the absélvat ; et ego auctoritate ipsius the absdélvo ab omni vinculo excommunicatiénis et interdicti in quantum possum et tu indige . ( more ) 90 t9a rodrigue ( cont would ) [ make the sign of the cross ] : deinde , ego the absdélvo a peccatis tuis in némine patris , et filii , et spiritus sancti . amen . as rodrigues utter the word of absolution , we hear ... rodrigue ( v.o. ) Father , how could Jesus love a wretch like this ? there be evil all around in this place . I sense its strength . even its beauty . but there be none of that in this man . he be not worthy to be call evil . rodrigues finishes the absolution , then follow with the customary conclusion ... rodrigue ( whisper ) go in peace . CUT to : int . new prison rodrigue 's cell day 90 he stare at the floor , miserable about he failure of spirit . Jesus 's face -- the face from the evora chapel - - be before he . 91 80 CUT to : the eye of Jesus , tight shot . they seem to look down into rodrigues 's very soul . rodrigue ( v.o. ) as I feel ... I fear ... Jesus forgive I ... I may not be worthy of you . rodrigues hang he head in shame . CUT to : ext . new prison yard day 91 burning sunlight at midday . a row of five stool , and five official settle themselves on they . they stare indifferently at four christian prisoner on the ground in front of they . rodrigues watch from he cell window . the whole scene be play out from he Pov , through the bar on the window . sound of cicadas and the swish of a fan or rustle of a fine robe wear by a official punctuate the weary routine of the day . official # 1 almost sound bored when he speak up ... official # 1 this be just _a formality , really . just one step , that 's all . we be not ask you_to do it sincerely . it 's only for appearance . just put you foot on the thing will not betray you faith , whatever it be . truthfully , I be not interested . the sooner you get it over with the sooner we can all get out of the sun . rodrigues can tell the official be try to disarm the prisoner , and he can not be sure how they will react . official # 1 ( cont would ) put you foot on it and nobody will care what you believe . just rest it ... brush it ... lightly , if you like ... however you like , it 's not important ... and you will be free . immediately . Guards come forward carry the fumie . the Christians stare at the face of Christ on the fumie . rodrigues sees it too , and in he cell mutter a prayer . 81 rodrigue Lord , give they strength . Lord give I strength . the official begin the formal ceremony by call out for Juan by he japanese name ... official # 1 chokichi ... the Guards urge monica 's one - eye husband forward when he do not respond . he stand with he head bow . official # 1 go_ahead . stamp on it . ( Juan do not move ) it 's only a picture . crush it . do it ! Juan can not , will not , obey . one of the Guards swat he impassively with a club , pull he head back by the hair . look straight at official # 1 , Juan shake he head again . in a series of quick cut , Juan 's face be replace by the face of monica ... and then by the face of each of the other prisoner in the yard ... each shaking there head in refusal . official # 1 sigh , almost inaudibly , then rise . the other follow he into a hut at the far side of the yard . the tension have dissipate . the prisoner relax a little . suddenly the voice of official # 1 call across the yard . official # 1 take they all back . but that one ... ( point to Juan ) .. - he stay . the Guards take three of the four prisoner to the hut . only Juan remain behind , continue a conversation with the Guard . guard ( 0.s. ) it_ seem a pity to throw it away so lightly . juan ( 0.s. ) well , it 's not lightly . but it do seem a pity . it sound as if they be talk about nothing more serious than a corn husk . relieved , rodrigues draw away from the window and rest he head against the cell wall . 82 rodrigue ( v.o. ) thank you , Lord , for hearing my prayer . fly buzz around he face . he shoos they away with he hand , then hear the SOUND of someone running across the prison yard . then a kind of steely whooshing SOUND ... .»+- and then another SOUND . a dull clap of impact . curious , rodrigues return to the window in time to see Juan 's severe head come rolling past he in the dust . rodrigues recoil . official # 1 and the Guard watch as Juan 's headless body drop to the ground . there be scream from the hut as the Guard drag Juan 's headless body to the recently dug hole in the yard and dump it in . rodrigues shudder at the sight . official # 1 stand in the doorway of the hut , speak loudly now , for all to hear . official # 1 you have see a example of what can happen . now here be a perfect example of how to avoid that fate . bring he out here . Guards haul kichijiro to the fumie . official # 1 go_ ahead . just put you foot there . see how easy it be for he ? I admit he 's have practice . but look how simple the movement be . kichijiro , dress only in a loincloth , put he foot on the face of Christ . official # 1 ( cont would ) it 's not even as hard as bow . be it ? be it ? kichijiro nods he head . official # 1 or run . now go ! get out of here ! you_see ... he address the prisoner now as kichijiro dash for the prison gate ... through the long ribbon of blood on the ground from Juan 's body . 92 83 official # 1 he live up to he obligation . we stand by ours . kichijiro vanish into the busy street outside . the official leave the hut . Guards take the prisoner back to they cell . the ordinary quiet of the yard be restore . rodrigues stare into the bright stillness as if search for something . rodrigue '' eternal Lord of all thing , I make my offer with you favor and help . for you great service and praise , I wish and desire to imitate you in bear all injury and offense ... '' the word turn to dust in he mouth . his lip move but no sound come out . rodrigue ( v.o. ) martyrdom . Holy martyrdom . be that what this be ?... on these last word , CUT to : the trail of Juan 's blood in the dust of the prison yard . then back to .. rodrigue ( v.o. ) ..- what I have be prepare for ? pray for ? but when I pray now I feel I be blasphem . and you answer with all I deserve . with silence . his voice fade out , until only the SOUND of the cicadas be hear . and all that 's leave in the yard be the shifting shadow of the pass Guards . CUT to : int . inquisitor 's office dusk 92 a BOWL of hot water be set in front of inoue , who nods in a comradely fashion to rodrigues , seat across from he . the interpreter hand the priest another BOWL of water , which be hot to the touch . rodrigues place it on the ground . he be distract , uneasy . unsettle by the violence he 's witness . 84 inoue I be sorry I have neglect you for some day now , padre , but I have business in hirado . I hope you 'il get to go there yourself sometime . rodrigue it must be very beautiful . inoue well , maybe more interesting than beautiful . there be a interesting story about the daimyo who rule there . you could say life have overwhelm he with generosity . he have four concubine . four . they be all beautiful , but they ... I be sorry , maybe this be not a story for a celibate priest . rodrigue please go on . inoue in any case , they be beautiful , but they be all jealous , and they fight and fight without end . so the daimyo of hirado drive they away from he castle and peace come into he life again . ( beat ) do you think this story have a lesson ? rodrigue yes . that this be a wise man as well as a great one . inoue I be glad you see it that way because it mean you see as I do . the daimyo be like Japan . and this woman be Spain , Portugal , Holland , England , each whisper bad , bad lie about the other into he ear . each try to gain the advantage against the other and destroy the house in the process . if you think this man be wise , then you must understand why we must outlaw the kirishitan . 85 rodrigue we church teach monogamy . what if Japan be to choose one lawful wife from the four ? inoue you mean Portugal . rodrigue I mean the holy church . inoue ( laugh lightly ) do not you think it would be better for the man to forget about foreign woman and choose one of he own ? rodrigue nationality be not so important in a marriage . what matter be love and fidelity . inoue Love ? padre , there be man who be plague by the persistent love of a ugly woman . rodrigue that 's what you think missionary work be ? inoue well , from my point of view ... we point of view ... yes . what be the word for_a woman who cannot bear child ? interpreter barren . inoue a barren woman can not be a true wife . rodrigue if the Gospel have lose its way here , it 's not the fault of the church . it 's the fault of that who tear the faithful from they faith like a husband from a wife . inoue ( quietly ) you mean I . 93 94 86 rodrigues let the question hang . inoue do not seem angry . inoue padre , you missionary do not seem to know Japan . rodrigue and you , honorable inquisitor , do not seem to know Christianity . silence . they have checkmate one another . for the moment . inoue padre , there be that ... there be many ... who think of you religion as a curse . I do not . I see it in another way . but still dangerous . ( he rise ) I would like you to think about the persistent love of a ugly woman . and about how a barren woman should never be a wife . inoue leave , the interpreter bowing as he pass . there be the sound of mosquito swarming just outside the door . somewhere nearby a horse neigh . the interpreter look at rodrigues with a mixture of disbelief -- that someone should have speak to inoue in such a way -- and pity -- at the prospect of the result of such talk . rodrigues return he look without comment . but , finally , take the BOWL of hot water in he hand and sip from it . CUT to : ext . nagasaki STREET night 93 a procession of child wend spiritedly down a narrow street , singing a song and carrying lantern to various home along the route . there be a air of celebration in the town . CUT to : int . new prison rodrigue 's cell night 94 a Guard enter the cell carry two fresh thin straw mat . the interpreter be with he . rodrigues hand the Guard a bowl of uneaten fish and rice . 95 87 rodrigue give it to the other . I do not need to be fatten for the slaughter . interpreter why do you say that ? inoue sama send the extra food especially for you . it 's for strength . you need strength . rodrigue not you kind . ( nod at new mat ) you can take that too . the Guard disregard he and gather up the old straw mat , replace they with the new one . the SOUND of child 's voice sing the urabon song drift in from the outside . ext . / int . interpreter you understand the sing , padre ? rodrigue yes a little . interpreter it be a song for the festival , urabon . it be a night when everyone hang lantern and light candle for we ancestor . rodrigue all soul 's Day . interpreter what ? rodrigue a feast day in the West . interpreter oh . well , I hope you 'il continue to be comfortable . CUT to : new prison yard & rodrigue 's cell day 95 the woman monica be dragge by guard past rodrigues 's window . monica padre ... padre , can you help ... 96 88 at the window , rodrigues reach he finger through the small open and touch the finger of the terrify monica as she be drag toward other prisoner in the yard . the cell door open and the Guard deposit a fresh set of clothing on the floor . guard you make a journey today . time CUT : rodrigues carefully hide the cross mokichi give he in he underclothes pants . CUT to : ext . nagasaki beach day 96 rodrigue , bound , be help from he horse by two Guards . stand stiffly , he sees : a grove of pine near the water . there be five samurai squatting by basket and eat . a white curtain have be set up , strung between two of the tallest tree . several stool be place in front of it . samurai sit down . go ahead . better for you than a saddle , I think . rodrigues sit . in the distance , he can just make out the outline of people come haltingly toward the pine grove . interpreter padre , how be you feel today ? I be sure the air must feel good , even though you be in we newest prison . it be new . it be not so bad . the old prison be very tough on the padre . rain . wind . very bad . rodrigue when will inoue sama be here ? interpreter oh he 's not come today . do you miss he ? rodrigue he treat I kindly . Three meal a day . extra bedding . all so my body will betray my heart . ( more ) 89 rodrigue ( cont would ) that be you plan , be not it ? that 's what you be wait for ? interpreter not at all . but we be wait for someone today , that 's true . inoue sama want you to meet he . he will be here any moment . he 's portuguese , like yourself . you should have a lot to talk about . rodrigue ferreira ... the interpreter smile . the distant group of figure have come much closer . rodrigues can just make they out : two samurai . and three other . they be the three Christian prisoner . monica be in the lead . and , straggling behind they all ... ..- be garupe . haggard , wear peasant clothing . rodrigues struggle to contain himself . interpreter be it who you expect ? rodrigue I want to talk to he . interpreter no hurry . it be early . plenty of time . ( fan himself ) so tell I , padre , this mercy Christians always talk about ... what be it ? the procession of prisoner and they guard halt . guard unload pile of straw mat from the pack animal . rodrigue ( agitate ) tell I where garupe be capture . interpreter oh I cannot . I must not speak about the business of the inquisitor 's office . but I can tell you ... ( lean closer ) he know you be alive . because we tell he you apostatize . the interpreter observe rodrigues 's shock with satisfaction . 90 interpreter now ... do you know what they use that mat for ? Guards wrap the straw mat around the body of the three prisoner .. but not garupe . one of the official be talk seriously to he . interpreter what could he be say ? maybe this ... '' if you be a priest with true Christian charity , you must pity they . you will not let they die because you want you heaven . '' rodrigues be tear between desperation and fury as the interpreter continue ... interpreter ( cont would ) the inquisitor promise that if Father garupe apostatize the three will be free . they do deny the faith in he office the other day anyway . they find it be not so difficult to take a small step onto the fumie . rodrigue if they do it , then why be you still do this ? they do what you want and ... interpreter ( interrupt ) oh we do not want they . Three ? remember , there be still hundred of Christian peasant on the island off the coast . we want the padre to deny and be a example to they , that be all . then all this will be over . rodrigue _. ( praying ) . vitam praesta puram , iter para tutum ... interpreter well , I hope Father garupe 's answer will not be in Latin . I wonder what he will say . oh look ... on the beach , the prisoner have be tie securely in the straw mat and be be prodded with lance to board a boat that wait in the shallow water . 91 interpreter since you say mercy be the most important thing in Christianity , I hope Father garupe agree . garupe run to the water 's edge and shout something . a official in the boat shout back to he . rodrigue ( v.o. ) ( praying ; agonize ) oh God , please . please . let he deny ... deny ... for they sake ... on the beach , garupe turn and shout toward the pine grove . garupe stop this ! help they ! rodrigues tense at the sound of he voice . rodrigue ( v.o. ) dear Lord , do not leave this to we . this responsibility you must bear . one of the guard on the boat stick a prisoner with he lance , send he into the water . the sea soak the straw quickly . the man be pulled down under the wave , drown . garupe '' Lord , have mercy ! Christ , have mercy ! '' and garupe plunge into the surf toward the boat . Guards push another prisoner off the boat . the prisoner sink like a stone . garupe swim like a man possess of holy fury . the guard prod monica over the side . she hit the water and garupe grab her . he start to splutter a prayer , but the weight of the straw drag they both down . he will not let go . garupe help I , God ! forgive I - ! the boat turn , deliberately bear down as garupe and monica struggle to the surface ... and be smashed by the bow of the boat . they body sink . on shore , rodrigues keep stare at the water . he have rise to he foot . tear stream down he cheek . the interpreter stand suddenly , disgust and angry . interpreter this be a terrible business . terrible ! no matter how many time you see it . ( more ) 91a 97 98 99 92 interpreter ( cont would ) think about the suffer you have inflicted on this people just because of you selfish dream of a Christian Japan . you deus punish Japan . through you . innocent blood be flow again . at least garupe be clean . but you . you spirit be weak . you have no will . you do not deserve to be call a priest . rodrigues stare at the relentless sea . CUT to : ext . new prison rodrigue 's cell day 97 the interpreter , look through the window of the cell door , sees : rodrigues , in the corner of the cell , half in shadow . interpreter how be he today ? guard same as yesterday . same as five day ago . no change . interpreter let 'mee know . cu : on the back of rodrigues ' head as he stare at the wall . CUT to : ext . / int . time montage new prison yard day 98 the first day of August - hassaku . from he cell , rodrigues can see that the prison guard have open the gate to watch a procession of village official , some wear white katabira , walk in formation down the street on they way to present themselves before the daikan . one of the official carry a ceremonial rice offer . int . new prison rodrigue 's cell night 99 rodrigues 's cell , isolate in darkness -- it occupy only a small portion of the wide frame , matte . it look like a small compartment in infinity . rodrigues , sit on the floor of the cell , look tiny . CUT to : 100 101 102 103 104 93 int . new prison rodrigue 's cell night 100 rodrigues , face in profile , as sound of celebration drift in from outside . CUT to : ext . new prison yard night 101 August 15th , the night of imomeigetu , a time when people ceremonially offer they harvest to the moon . the prison guard have decorate they hut with pampas grass and be noisily enjoy some alcohol . a guard carry a table of offering ( rice cake and vegetable ) for the moon from the guard hut and place it on the ground . he and the other guard look up toward the moon . the celebration continue . CUT to : int . new prison rodrigue 's cell night 102 the back of rodrigues 's head as he mutter ... rodrigue his sweat become like drop of blood , eloi , eloi , lama sabacthani ... why have you forsaken I . you Son 's prayer on the cross . CUT to : int . face of christ day 103 the face of christ in the evora chapel . rodrigue a cry of fear and despair . you be silent . even to him. CUT to : int . new prison rodrigue 's cell night 104 rodrigues , full face now . 93a rodrigue why ? why have you forsaken we ? ( whisper aloud ) stupid . ludicrous . CUT to : 105 105a 106 106a 107 108 94 ext . new prison yard day 105 flashback : juan 's body be dragge by one leg through the prison courtyard , leave a trail of blood in the dust . int . new prison rodrigue 's cell - night 105a rodrigue ( whisper ) ludicrous ... you be so ludicrous CUT to : ext . nagasaki beach day 106 flashback : garupe , drowning , call out to heaven . garupe Lord , have mercy ! int . new prison rodrigue 's cell night 106a rodrigue he 's not go to answer . he 's not . rodrigues break down and laugh . int . / ext . new prison rodrigue 's cell night 107 at the door of he cell , watch , be the interpreter . guard do_you want I to let you in ? interpreter in time . in the cell , rodrigues 's laughter die as it echoe in he ear . he can not understand what 's happen to he , to the one thing on which he relied all he life ... he faith . CUT to : int . new prison rodrigue 's cell day 108 week later : rodrigues 's hair and beard be longer . the door burst open , and the interpreter peer in at he . 109 95 interpreter padre , we be go . CUT to : int . / ext . nagasaki road / palanquin day 109 rodrigues be be convey in a curtain palanquin . the interpreter ride along outside . interpreter ( 0.s. ) today you will meet someone different . the interpreter part the curtain . interpreter not the official . not inoue sama , who continue to be concerned for you well be . someone else . someone inoue sama think might help you . someone I think you will want to meet . the interpreter close the curtain again . rodrigues hear child play nearby ; bell be rung by the bonze ; more sound of saw and hammer . CUT to : ext . nagaskai road / palanquin day 110 the palanquin , with a small escort of guard , move through the grow city toward a new temple in the near distance . CUT to : ext . nagasaki temple entrance day 111 as the palanquin enter the frame . it stop and the interpreter 's hand come in and open the curtain . interpreter come along , padre . rodrigues be help from the palanquin . a Buddhist priest from the Temple of the true pure land sect walk past and give he a hostile look . 96 interpreter the bonze do not like you priest . nevermind . CUT to : int . / ext . nagasaki temple courtyard sunset 112 the interpreter and rodrigues be seat comfortably . rodrigues be wary . interpreter what be it padre ? the incense ? the smell of meat ? perhaps there will be some for you to share . rodrigues hear the SOUND of distant footstep . the interpreter watch he closely . interpreter have you have any meat since you come to Japan ? I do not much like the smell myself ... he watch the priest , amused . he know what 's come ... or , more precisely , who . interpreter have you guess yet ? rodrigues do not seem to hear he . interpreter have you guess who 's come ? ( rodrigues 's face stiffen ) this be inoue sama 's command . and the other 's wish ... rodrigue the other ? rodrigues look down the long corridor off the garden , sees : a old Buddhist priest . and behind he , a tall man in a black kimono . his eye be down ... .-+- until he sit in the dimming afternoon sunlight . then he look up . his expression be enigmatic . but he eye be deep and dark , like coal that once glow bright but now be burnt out . 97 rodrigue ( after a silence ) Father ... I would give up ... Father ferreira ... the Old Priest be on ferreira 's right , the interpreter between they . he whisper a translation of the two priest 's conversation to the Old Priest . rodrigue Father , so long since we have meet ... please ... say ... something . ferreira what can I say to you on such a occasion ? rodrigue if you have pity for I ... please ... say something . ferreira do not reply . rodrigue have you be live here for long ? ferreira about a year I suppose . rodrigue what be this place ? ferreira a temple call saishoji . where I study . rodrigues look steadily at the older priest . rodrigue I also be in a prison somewhere in nagasaki . where precisely it be I do not know myself . ferreira I know it . rodrigue ( quietly ) you be my teacher . you be my confessor ... 98 ferreira I be much the same . CUT to : ext . inquisitor 's old prison yard night 113 1633 . a pale face in a vast darkness : ferreira . cover in sweat . his blaze blue eye show sign of pain and terrible struggle . what little be visible of he body seem rigid , and not just with fear . it seem to be in conflict with gravity itself . at war outside itself as well as within . and this be why . the angle of the scene seem to pivot . ferreira 's world seem literally to turn upside down . but the world be not out of balance . it be ferreira himself . he be bound and suspended upside down over a pit just visible in glimmer of light at the edge of this foul place . a tear run from he eye ... down he cheek ... where it join a thin trickle of blood from the side of he head . a o.s. voice belong to the inquisitor inoue speak softly . we do not see he face . inoue I be only ask you to take the path of mercy . abandon yourself . do a single , simple thing . ferreira 's head move slightly . perhaps a nod of assent . inoue ( continue ) once you understand . completely . Beyond a doubt . you will agree . it be the only way . tell I then , padre . tell I you agree . yes . ferreira nods he head : yes . inoue good . you take this unnecessary burden from we both . CUT to : 114 99 ext . inquisitor 's old prison yard night 114 a hand come into frame , place a fumie with a sacred image on metal on the dusty ground . ferreira , trembling , stand over it . inoue now show I . with only a step . ferreira hesitates . inoue not because you body be weak . show I how strong you be . show I you new heart . with just one step . step on you Jesus . ferreira raise he right foot , then bring it down on the fumie . ferreira collapse on the ground on top of the fumie , shudder as if he soul have abandon he . CUT to : ext . nagasaki temple courtyard sunset 115 back to the present . ferreira look at the young priest solicitously . ferreira do I really seem so different ? interpreter the honorable sawano spend he day write . about astronomy . ferreira at inoue sama 's order . there be great knowledge here , but in medicine and astronomy much remain to be teach . I be happy to help . I have like to show you the lense and telescope the physician albrecht just bring we . they be very beautiful . rodrigues stare at he incredulously . ferreira ( cont would ) it 's fulfil to finally be of use in this country . 100 rodrigues notice that ferreira be speak so that the interpreter and the Old Priest can hear . rodrigue then you be happy , Father ? ferreira I say so . the Old Priest look irritable and impatient at the course of this conversation . the interpreter intervene . interpreter ( interrupt ) mention the other book you be write . rodrigues notice that ferreira hesitate . interpreter ( cont would ) it be call kengiroku . it show the error of Christianity and refute the teaching of deus . do you understand the title ? rodrigues search ferreira 's face for some sense of shame ... even embarrassment . ferreira lower he eye . interpreter tell he . ferreira ( quietly ) it mean deceit disclose . or unmask , if you prefer a more florid read . his lordship the inquisitor have read the manuscript . he praise it . he say it be well do . rodrigues be stunne . he shake he head in denial . interpreter it 's the truth . rodrigue you use the truth like poison . interpreter what a funny thing for a priest to say . rodrigues look again at ferreira , who can ’t meet he eye . 101 rodrigue it 's cruel , worse than any torture . to twist a man 's soul this way . ferreira turn he face away from rodrigues ... but rodrigues think he glimpse the trace of a tear in ferreira 's eye . perhaps this man he revere above all other have not change so thoroughly after all . the Old Priest continue to look on everyone like a stone buddha . interpreter I think you must be speak of yourself , padre . not of sawano chuan . rodrigue who ? interpreter him . he be ferreira only to you . he be sawano chuan now . a man who have find peace . let he guide you along he path . the path of mercy . that mean only that you abandon self . no one should interfere with another man 's spirit . to help other be the way of the buddha and you way too . the two religion be the same in this . it 's not necessary to win anyone over to one side or another when there be so much to share . ( to ferreira ) go on . ferreira I have be tell to get you to abandon the faith . he turn he head so rodrigues can see a scar behind he ear . ferreira this be from the pit . you be tie so you can not move then hang upside down and the incision be make . you feel the blood run down you cheek drop by drop . so it do not run to you head and you will not die too soon . interpreter it be inoue sama 's idea . it 's practice from nagasaki all the way to edo . you be the last priest leave here now , padre . I be sure inoue sama would be pleased to put a end to the pit . ( more ) 102 interpreter ( cont would ) he be only a practical man , padre , he be not a cruel one . ferreira lean in . he still speak quietly , but he tone be become increasingly emphatic . ferreira I have be in this temple for a year . I have labor in this country for fifteen year . I know it better than you . we religion do not take root in this country . rodrigue because the root have be tear up ! ferreira no ! ferreira 's tone have change . he speak now with resolution , almost with vehemence . there be no trace of the tear rodrigues think he see only moment before . the light have return to he eye . ferreira ( cont would ) because this country be a swamp . nothing grow here . Plant a sapling here and the root rot . rodrigue there be a time when Christianity grow . and flourish . ferreira when ? rodrigue in you time , Father . before you become like ... ferreira like who ? like they ? rodrigues , please listen . the japanese only believe in they distortion of we gospel . so they do not believe at all . they never believe . rodrigue how can you say this ? from the time of Saint Francis xavier , through you own time , there be hundred of thousand of convert here . 103 ferreira convert ? Francis xavier come here to teach the japanese about the son of God . but first he have to ask how to refer to god. '' dainichi '' he be tell . and shall I show you they dainichi . he point to the sky ...to the set sun . ferreira ( softly ) behold ... there be the sun of God . God 's only begotten sun . in the scripture Jesus rise on the third day . in Japan , the sun of God rise daily . the japanese cannot think of a existence beyond the realm of nature . for they , nothing transcend the human . they can not conceive of we idea of the Christian God . rodrigue you be wrong ! they worship God we Lord . they praise the name of deus ! ferreira that 's just another word for a god they never know . rodrigue I see man die for deus ! they be on fire with they faith ! ferreira faith in the wrong god ! they god , not ours ! and where do we church ... you church ... consign believer in the wrong God ? you martyr may have be on fire , Father , but it be not with faith . rodrigue no ! I see they die ! that people do not die for nothing ! ferreira indeed not . they be die for you . rodrigue and how many do you save when you crush the image of we Lord ? how many beside yourself ? 104 ferreira I do not know . certainly not as many as you may help . in the background , there be the SOUND of bell and the priest chant sutras . rodrigue you be only try to justify you own weakness . God have mercy on you . ferreira which god ? which one ?. we say ... " Mountains and river " ( stop ) I be sorry . you have not learn the language thoroughly , have you . there 's a say here . " Mountains and river can be move . but man 's nature can not be move . " it 's very wise , like so much here . we find we original nature in Japan , rodrigues . perhaps it 's what 's mean by find God . rodrigue you be a disgrace , Father . I can not even call you that any more . ferreira good . I have a japanese name now . and wife . and child . I inherite they all from a execute man . he get up and walk into the lengthening shadow of early evening . the Old Priest follow he . rodrigues watch he go with a grow sense of helplessness . if ferreira give up he faith , what hope can there be for he ? the interpreter stare at he with such fixity that he seem to be read he mind . CUT to : int . / ext . nagasaki temple hall / courtyard sunset 116 as rodrigues and the interpreter walk back toward the wait palanquin . the interpreter give rodrigues time to weigh the experience of see and hearing ferreira . interpreter well ? how do you feel ? he have show you the path of mercy . ( more ) 104a interpreter ( cont would ) I hope you take it . just a single step can set you on you way . 105 rodrigue why do not you just hang I in the pit ? interpreter the inquisitor feel it be better to have you accept we teach ... we country ... we life ... on you own . it 's better if you see reason for yourself . rodrigue well , it can not be help then . CUT to : int . new prison rodrigue 's cell day 117 the door open , revealing rodrigues huddle on the floor . Morning light shine in from the outside , illuminate the figure of a large man , naked to the waist . the sight of he fill rodrigues with a sharp sense of dread . the large man deftly tie rodrigues 's hand behind he back . the knot cut . large man you be a animal . you stink like animal flesh . he yank the priest to he foot . CUT to : ext . nagasaki crowded STREET day 118 rodrigues be seat with hand tie in the saddle of a spindly horse . he be in the midst of a small procession move through a crowd . rodrigue where be you take I now ? interpreter to the inquisitor 's office . once the people in the crowd be curious . contemptuous . now they be openly hostile . they PRESS forward . Guards have to hold they back . interpreter so , Father , you see how they respect you . ( more ) 105 a interpreter ( cont would ) you come here for they , and they all hate you . you be useless , completely useless . rodrigue there be some here who may be praying in the silence of they heart . at that moment a clod of mud strike rodrigues on the back . 106 interpreter and there be the answer to they prayer . there may be people in this crowd who be Christians once . but be there any now ? rodrigue Christian martyr die for this people . Father ferreira never mention they . he 's weak , and he 's try to make I weak . interpreter he 's do fine , do not you think ? rodrigue we will see . interpreter be you really look forward to it , Father ? I hear doubt in you word of defiance . rodrigue insult I all you want . you ’1ll only give I more courage . interpreter you will need it . tonight . you ’1ll apostatize tonight . you be a good man , padre , and you can not stand suffer . you own . or other . CUT to : int . inquisitor 's old prison cell night 119 and two word : laudate eum . rodrigues 's finger move across the Latin word cut directly into the wall of this new cell , a place so hellishly filthy it make he previous cell seem like fine inn . his hand stay on the crude letter . they be shaking . a tear roll down he cheek . he be terrify . of what he be sure await he . and of how he may act when the inevitable finally come to he . he pray for strength -- and out of despair . rodrigue God help I , Jesus help I , I hear no voice but ferreira . he know what I fear . ( more ) 120 121 107 rodrigue ( cont would ) in the garden , you say " my soul be sorrowful even unto death , " and the drop of sweat on you brow be like blood . I would bleed for you . I would die for you , if I know you . be you here ? there be sound from the nearby cell . rodrigue you be the joy of my life . now I be afraid of you . what can I do to feel you love for I again ? the sound from nearby cell continue . they unsettle rodrigues even more , although they be strange , hard to identify : sometimes they sound like groan , other time like snore and , still at other time , like animal sound . he cover he ear ... but now , along with the other sound , be the noise of a scuffle in the hall . and shout . this be a voice he know , and do not want to hear . kichijiro . ext . inquisitor 's old prison yard night 120 outside the cell : guard be pushing kichijiro away . kichijiro guard I be a Christian ! I ’ma liar ! you be just like we ! Christian ! kichijiro guard hit I ! I do not care ! get_out of here I say ! kichijiro ( in English now ) padre ! forgive I ! I come to make confession ! the Guards advance on kichijiro . int . inquisitor 's old prison cell night 121 inside the cell : rodrigues can plainly hear kichijiro be beat and pull away as he cry out ... kichijiro ( 0.s. ) forgive I ! forgive I , padre ! 108 slowly ... even reluctantly ... rodrigues pull he hand away from he ear . he silently utter the word of absolution and make the sign of the cross . the strange noise grow even louder , more emphatic . rodrigues be near break . he start to beat on the wall with the flat of he hand . rodrigue stop it ! stop that noise ! help ! the interpreter come to the door of the cell . rodrigue no ! down there ! there 's a man in agony and the guard 's sound asleep and snore like a wild dog . interpreter you think that noise be the guard ? he turn to ferreira , who stand behind he half in shadow . interpreter incredible . sawano ... tell he . say what it be . ferreira step into the cell almost like a apparition . ferreira it 's not the guard . and it 's not snore . it 's moan . it 's Christians . five of they in fact . all hang in the pit . rodrigues be stunne . the sound seem to be even louder now , pierce he soul . ferreira ( cont would ) have you find the word on the wall ? '' laudate eum . '' '' praise he . '' I cut they there with a stone . when I be in this cell , like you . do you think you be the only one who doubted ? the only one who call on God 's help and love and get only silence in return ? rodrigue be quiet ! you have no right to speak to I ! 122 109 ferreira I do because you be just like I . you see Jesus in gethsemane and believe you trial be the same as his . that five in the pit be suffer too , just like Jesus , but they do not have you pride . they would never compare themselves to Jesus . do you have the right to make they suffer ? I hear the cry of suffer in this same cell . and I act . rodrigue do not try to excuse yourself ! that be the spirit of darkness disguise as light ! ferreira what would you do for they ? pray ? and get what in return ? only more suffer . a suffer only you can end . not God . rodrigue go away from I ! ferreira I pray too . it do not help . go on . pray . two Guards enter the cell and yank rodrigues to he foot . ferreira ( cont would ) but pray with you eye open . rodrigues be handle roughly , and cry out in pain . his cry be mix with the sound from outside , which be ... CUT to : ext . inquisitor 's old prison yard night ( pre -dawn ) 122 ... the agonies of five christian strung up , upside down , over a gape pit of offal and filth . blood drip slowly from behind they ear . they moan in pain and desperation . the interpreter and ferreira stand on either side of the stunne rodrigues . he have never be so close to they suffer , and the sight of it be like a mortal wound . he quiet continue . 110 ferreira you can spare they . they call out for help , just as you call to God . he be silent . but you do not have to be . rodrigue God help I , they should apostatize ... ( yell at they ) apostatize ! korobu ! korobe ! ferreira but they have apostatize . many time over . they be here for you , rodrigues . as long as you do not apostatize they can not be save . rodrigue ( desperate ) they be suffer now but they will receive they reward in heaven . ferreira do not make a mockery of that beautiful word . you be only try to hide you fear . do you really believe what you say ? rodrigue I believe ! ferreira you believe in yourself ! you set yourself above they . it 's you salvation that obsess you , not theirs . you dread to be the dregs of the church , like I . be that you way of love ? a priest should act in imitation of Christ . if Christ be here ... for a moment , calming himself . the moan from the pit ferreira resume in a strong , rational voice . ferreira ( cont would ) if Christ be here he would have act . apostatize . for they sake . Christ would certainly have do at least that to help man . rodrigue ( cover he face with he hand ) ( more ) 111 rodrigue ( cont would ) no , no .... Christ be here . I just can not hear him . ferreira can you love ? can you love as God command ? rodrigues can not answer . ferreira show God you love him . save the life of the people he love . the interpreter step forward carrying the fumie , which he place on the ground before rodrigues . ferreira there be something more important than the judgement of the church .... you will never do anything more important than this ... ferreira put he arm around rodrigues . ferreira you be now go to fulfill the most painful act of love that have ever be perform . rodrigues stand over the fumie . the image of Christ stare up at he . ferreira ( a voice of quiet command ) courage . ferreira move aside . rodrigue ( v.o . ) '' let this cup pass from I . '' rodrigues lean down and pick up the fumie , hold it close to he face . the fumie be sticky with dirt and blood , the image of Christ grimy with the mark of many foot . but the picture be familiar . rodrigues look upon it . he press the fumie to he face , then place it back on the floor . from somewhere nearby he hear ... 112 interpreter ( gently ) it 's only a formality . justa formality . rodrigues now have he foot over the fumie . as rodrigues look down , the face of Christ change to : he beloved image of christ from the evora chapel . CUT to : rodrigues ' face , also changing . be this a sign ? the sign he have be wait for ? he hear jesus , speak to he -- at last -- with gentle understanding . voice of jesus ( v.o. ) come ahead now . it 's all right . step on me. I understand you pain . I be bear into this world to share man 's pain . I carry this cross for you pain . step . rodrigue ( in a whisper ) oh Jesus .... voice of jesus you life be with I now . show I you love . and he foot touch the fumie ... the beautiful face he love from the evora chapel ... the face he love most in the world . his foot seem to sink through the picture , into the ground , pull rodrigues down , absorb he , subsume he .... .+.- past he ankle ... past he leg ... until he be on he knee , on top of the picture of Christ . on the unyield ground . he be sobbing . the ground be solid . ferreira , the interpreter and the guard all watch silently . at the window of the inquisitor 's office across the courtyard , inoue turn away , satisfied . after a moment , the interpreter signal and the Guards start to remove the five Christians from the pit . only the crowing of a rooster at the approach dawn break the silence . fade to : 113 123 ext . nagasaki rodrigue 's STREET and house night 123 one year later . it be the festival of urabon again . and , once again , child dash through the street , swinging lantern in the slowly fall darkness , sing the holiday song . from the window of a small house , rodrigues watch they play . he be dressed in a kimono . his hair be pull back and tie . some of the child shout to he in japanese '' apostate Paul '' . he can not hear it . he smile . the smile be sad . but all the tension have go from he face . the pain have vanish . ferreira ( 0.s. ) Christian . not Christian . rodrigue ( 0.s. ) Christian , obviously . CUT to : 124 int . nagasaki inquisitor's office day 124 rodrigues sit at the end of a long table opposite ferreira . they sift through a assortment of object raid from japanese home . japanese official supervise closely . * and pass over each of they be the watchful , sardonic eye of inoue . ferreira not Christian . rodrigues take a frame picture from ferreira and peel away * the fine ink draw to reveal a iconic image of St. lawrence . * over this we hear the voice of a physician and author , dieter albrecht . dieter albrecht ( v.o. ) tbd rodrigues hand he back the picture without further comment . dieter albrecht ( v.o. ) tbd 125 114 the priest continue to sift through the object on the table . dieter albrecht ( v.o. ) tbd they look up from they work only occasionally and always avoid each other 's eye . dieter albrecht ( v.o . ) '' the inquisitor inoue 's authority would raid home and seize object of possible Christian significance . the two priest be require to examine this thing and verify they use . '' CUT to : ext . dejima dutch warehouse day 125 a yard bustling with commercial activity . clerk scribble in ledger as goods be present for they review . in a corner of the yard , two burly worker be weigh sugar , pepper and exotic skin on huge scale . in the midst of all this , ferreira and rodrigues , under the usual close supervision , be seat like two bureaucrat opposite one another at a long table , examine more object for sign of devotional value . watch all this himself be a man in he early 30 , almost exactly rodrigues 's age , in european dress , make careful note and sketches in a diary . dieter albrecht ( v.o. ) tbd this be dieter albrecht . he have bright , worldly eye and a expression of continuous , consume fascination with everything around he . dieter albrecht ( v.o . ) '' we ship be searched to warrant we be not smuggle religious object . even my surgical knife and bleed bowl be closely examine . neither foreign coin nor anything bear the image of the cross , a saint , or rosary could pass . dieter albrecht continue to watch carefully and make he note as the priest continue they work . CUT to : 114a 126 ext . dejima dutch warehouse day 126 same day . albrecht hover watchfully in the background . under a * broad blue-stripe canopy , rodrigues turn out the pocket of a pair of sailor 's trousers , feel something in the pocket lining : he remove a cross . ferreira hold out he hand and rodrigues hand it over . other clerk regard they with bemuse contempt . rodrigues look away from they as the japanese scornfully dispose of the cross . dieter albrecht ( v.o . ) tbd ferreira we be teach to love that who scorn we . rodrigue I feel nothing for they . 115 ferreira ( shrug ) only we Lord can judge you heart . ferreira turn away , a guard stay close behind he . rodrigue you say '' we '' Lord . ferreira I doubt it . ferreira walk away , not look back . dieter albrecht ( v.o . ) '' when sawano chuan die , the other priest assume he duty and perform they with distinction . '' ferreira pass dieter albrecht , who catch he eye . ferreira 's expression give nothing away . and then he be go . dieter albrecht ( v.o . ) '' by this time , I observe he have acquire considerable skill with the language , and seem , I must tell you , to be at peace with he situation . '' CUT to : 127 int . inquisitor's office day 127 late autumn . rodrigues before inoue , who treat he with scrupulous politeness as he warm he hand over a brazier . inoue I have good news . a man have die in edo . okada san'emon . you will take he name just as it be . rodrigue thank you . inoue he have a household . and a wife . you can take she as you wife . a man work best when he be not alone . rodrigue of course . a127 128 116 inoue ( beat ) you know , okada ... do that sound strange to you ? rodrigue not as much as I think . inoue ( faint smile ) on ikitsuki and goto there be still many farmer who think themselves kirishitan . do you like that ? they can continue to do so . you may take some satisfaction in that . ( rodrigues bow he head ) the root be cut . rodrigue nothing grow in a swamp . inoue ( nod ; beat ) Japan be that kind of country . it can not be help . the religion of the kirishitan you bring we have become a strange thing . it 's change . you be not defeat by I . you be defeat by this swamp of Japan . CUT to : ext . edo rodrigue 's house in christian residence day al27 Daily activity at the Christian residence compound . int . edo rodrigue ' house in christian residence day 128 rodrigues , ten year older , sit cross - legge on the floor , work at a write table . he be closely observe by a official . the room be small and spare -- a area that would be close and crowded when he entire household be present . it 's almost like a large cell without bar . his wife sew quietly nearby . dieter albrecht ( v.o. ) okada san’emon live in edo for the remain year of he life .... ( tbd ) 117 CUT to : 129 int . edo rodrigue ' house in christian residence dusk 129 rodrigues accept a cup of tea with a nod of thanks to ... kichijiro , who wait while rodrigues sip the tea . kichijiro I hear the inquisitor send he man for you . be there trouble ? rodrigue they be only here to make sure I write the korobi shomon . my latest oath of renunciation . thank you . kichijiro you have nothing to thank I for . rodrigue for be here with I . kichijiro ( carefully ) padre ... rodrigue no no . not any more . I be a fall priest . kichijiro but you be the last priest leave . you could still hear my confession . rodrigue no . I can not . kichijiro I still suffer for what I do , padre . I betrayed you , I betrayed my family . I betrayed we Lord . please .... hear my confession ... as rodrigues watch he with sympathy , we hear ... rodrigue ( v.o. ) Lord , I fight against you silence . 130 118 CUT to : kichijiro , bowing he head . CUT to : rodrigues , looking at he . CUT to : kichijiro , head still bow as rodrigues believe he hear he say ... voice of jesus ( v.0o . ) I suffer beside you . I be never silent . kichijiro 's lip have not move . his head remain bow . cut back to : rodrigues , reaching out he hand and rest it gently on top of kichijiro 's head . when he speak it be to answer the voice he be sure he have hear . rodrigue I know . but even if God have be silent , my life ... to this very day ... everything I do ... everything I have do ... speak of him . it be in the silence that I hear you voice . and he begin the word of the sacrament as we hear ... dieter albrecht ( v.o . ) '' the inquisitor continue to insist on periodic examination of all suspect Christians . '' CUT to : ext . edo rodrigue ' house in christian residence yard day 130 rodrigues , in he fifty , he adopt wife and household , as well as kichijiro , be line up before official and guard . a fumie lie before they on the ground . one by one , the member of the household step forward and stamp upon it . dieter albrecht ( v.o. ) tbd Guards rip a amulet from around kichijiro 's neck as other member of the house look on in mute terror . dieter albrecht ( v.o . ) '' in the year sixteen hundred and sixty - seven a religious image be discover inside a amulet belong to a servant call kichijiro . '' 131 132 119 close on : the amulet , as a guard open it . Inside be a picture of Saint Paul and , on its reverse side , the image of Saint Francis xavier and a angel . dieter albrecht '' the servant say he have win it gambling , have never look inside , and could never have get the amulet from okada san'emon since he be always under guard . the servant kichijiro be never see again . '' rodrigues ' lip move silently . no one but kichijiro notice . dieter albrecht ( v.o . ) '' after that , okada san'emon himself be carefully watch . but I must relate to you , father , that he never acknowledge the Christian God . not by word or symbol . he never speak of him and never pray . not even when he die . '' CUT to : int . edo rodrigue ' house in christian residence / bedchamber 131 rodrigues be dead at 71 . his wife be watch by guard . his wife approach . rodrigues 's body be in a coffin shape much like a barrel . dieter albrecht ( v.o . ) '' Three guard stand watch over the coffin until it could be take away . just to be certain . only he wife be briefly allow to view the body . there be no indication that she wept . '' the wife fold rodrigues ' hand carefully across he chest , as if she be concerned something will fall from between they . CUT to : ext . edo rodrigue 's house in christian residence day 132 as rodrigues ' body be carry from the house in the coffin . camera follow the coffin on a bier ( kandai ) forward , come close as we hear ... 119 a dieter albrecht ( v.o . ) '' the body be treat in the Buddhist manner . '' 133 120 .-- and we ... dissolve to : ext . burial site / cremation day 133 ...- camera still move with the coffin as it slide into the flame of a crematory fire .... ... through the flame ... camera still move ... ... revealing rodrigues ' body , immaculately arrange , hand across he chest . camera move up toward he hand as the flame burn and start to consume the body . dieter albrecht ( v.o . ) '' and he be give a posthumous Buddhist name . I believe you will have to accept , father , that he be lose to God . '' as the flame rise , camera close on rodrigues ' hand ... dieter albrecht ( v.o . ) '' but as to that , only God can answer . '' ... revealing mokichi 's beautiful hand - carve cross from goto clutch between they . the flame be fierce . we be very close to the cross and hand now . and the cross burst into flame . its light fill the screen . end