the irishman screenplay by Steven Zaillian final shoot script someone's Pov - maybe our move along a hallway of a assisted live facility , past door - some open , some close - as if look for somebody - and maybe not for benign reason . frank v/o when I be young , I think house painter paint house . we glimpse some of the elderly man and woman in the room , but like everyone else in they life , disregard they and keep look for someone else . frank v/o what do I know ? we turn a corner into another hallway , keep look - frank v/o I be a work guy . we drift into a rec room where more elderly man and woman watch tv , play card , stare off at nothing - frank v/o a business agent for teamster local one-o - Seven out of South Philadelphia ... we approach a particular man sit apart from the other in a wheelchair . he 's about 80 , better dress than everyone else here , white dress shirt , cuff monogramm fjs , dark slack , aviator sunglass . frank ( in sync ) one of a thousand work stiff ... this be who we have be look for - Frank sheeran - perhaps to kill he . but he pay no attention to we , even as we come in close enough to see he gold watch encircle with diamond , and the distinctive ring make from a gold coin on a finger . int . empty house - a blank wall - day we see a young man 's hand with the same gold and diamond encrust watch and diamond pinky ring raise a gun at a unseen target . frank ( in sync ) «+. until I be not anymore ... two quick gunshot to the back of a unknown man 's head . the blank wall explode in red , as though a bucket of blood have be throw against it . the blood begin to slowly ooze down the wall cover it with red streak . frank ( in sync ) .-. and start painting house myself . int . assisted live facility - day - 2000 back in the assisted live facility , Frank give we a moment to grasp what he 's say . then : frank in this particular matter , the whole thing be build around the wedding . int . franks house - morning - 1975 a wedding invitation sit on a bureau next to Frank 's gold watch . frank ( in sync ) Bill bufalino 's daughter be get marry in Detroit . Frank put the watch on he wrist . the gold ring be on he finger next to he wedding band . he 's quite a bit young than when we see he at the assist live facility . about 55 . frank ( in sync ) Bill be a teamster lawyer , but more important , he be Russell bufalino 's cousin . he zip a suit and shirt into a garment bag like a body in a body bag . ext . franks house - morning - 1975 Frank arrange luggage in the trunk of he black lincoln Continental , leave a space for more . frank v/o Russell do not want to fly . he want to take care of some business along the way . ( more ) frank v/o ( cont 'd ) Business in Russell 's case mean one thing : collect money . so we would drive . him and he wife carrie and I and irene . int . franks house - morning - 1975 while he wife irene talk on the kitchen phone to Russell 's wife carrie about what to wear , Frank mark town on a AAA map of the eastern state that he know Russell will want to stop . frank v/o we would take 476 out of Philly up to pittston - then I - 80 West through the rest of Pennsylvania - across Ohio to Toledo - then 75 North to Detroit . ext . bufalino 's house - pittston , PA - day - 1975 irene and carrie smoke cigarettes on the sidewalk outside a modest suburban house while Frank and Russell bufalino add he and he wife 's luggage to the trunk . Russell 's about 15 year older than Frank . frank v/o it be gonna take three day with all the business break and cigarette stop since Russell do not allow smoking in the car . he say Jimmy Blue eye and meyer lansky convinced he to stop when they be get kick out of they casinos in Cuba and get shot at by castro . I do not know . it might have be one of that : '' please - god-if - I - ever-get-out - of - this -alive - i'1l - never -smoke-again - thing '' , but I do know that from castro on Russ would not let anybody smoke in the car , even carrie . int . franks lincoln - wilk - barre - day - 1975 Frank drive along a city street with Russell in front , the woman in back , carrie put on some lipstick . carrie can we stop soon ? bufalino we be not even to the highway . carrie you will not stop on the highway . bufalino it 's not safe to stop on the highway . carrie then we will smoke in the car . bufalino the smoke 's bad for my cataract . carrie I 'il crack the window . bufalino carrie - I make a vow . carrie and I can not smoke in the car ? bufalino or on the highway . carrie be not have it ; snap open she little gold lamé cigarette clutch . she crack the window . Russell glance over at Frank through he thick glass and sigh . ext . highway I - 80 - day - 1975 while irene and carrie sit on a guard rail smoking , Russell lean on the hood look off at car and truck drive past . Frank come over . frank you see where we be ? bufalino what be the odd ? they regard the unremarkable surroundings like they be not so unremarkable , include a stuckey 's / texaco gas station up the road . a tractor- trailer roar past and - int / ext . highway I - 80 - day - 1956 Frank , in he 30 , behind the wheel of a refrigerate truck . he 's drive on the same highway he ’1ll drive to Detroit on twenty - some year later with Russell and they wife , when the engine start make noise it should not . up ahead through the windshield be the same stuckey 's - texaco station - ext . stuckey' / texaco gas station - I - 80 - day - 1956 Frank have the truck 's hood open and be listen to the misfire engine . he have a cloth tool kit , with various size wrench , open on the truck 's fender . Russell - who he do not know yet - appear out of nowhere wear no glass . bufalino what 's the matter , kid ? frank I do not know . sound funny . Frank run the engine manually from under the hood as Russell listen . bufalino ( finally ) it 's you timing chain . he select a wrench from Frank 's tool and make a adjustment . in a few moment the engine be sounding normal again . bufalino this fix will not last forever . Russell wipe he hand on a rag and head off . frank jeezus ! thanks . what do I owe you ? Russell wave back , ' nothing , 's and Frank watch he walk into the gas station . frank ( in sync ) I think maybe he own the gas station . he own something , you could tell . int . assisted live facility - day - 2000 Frank where we leave he , in the wheelchair in the rec room with he aviator glass . frank it turn out he own the whole road . int . mother of sorrow church - day - 1950 a priest perform a baptism . Frank and he first wife Mary 's second daughter , Peggy . there be so few people in attendance , it seem like a private ceremony . but it 's just they do not have a lot of friend or relative . int . live chicken market - day - flashback - 1946 '' skinny razor '' swiftly run he razor across a squawk chicken 's neck that gush blood . skinny then dump the flutter chicken head - first into a metal funnel to let it bleed out while grab he next victim . frank v/o skinny razor get the name because he start out as a kid kill live chicken at he father 's butcher shop . ext . south PHILLY - night - 1956 a place call the friendly Lounge accord to its sign which have '' steak and chop '' in neon . int . the friendly lounge - night - 1956 Frank hang out with some other truck driver , all italian except he . across the room at another table sit a group of mid-level mob guy , eat dinner . indicating one of they - johnny that 's skinny razor . he own the place . he shylock and run a little book out of the joint . you should meet he . frank do you say razor ? johnny he use to work at a butcher shop . int . the friendly lounge - later - 1956 Frank 's Pov of johnny talk to skinny and gesture for Frank to come over . int . the friendly lounge - continued - 1956 Frank and johnny stand at skinny 's table . johnny skinny , this be Frank . skinny you get something for I ? frank you like steak ? skinny I own the joint do not I ? frank I deliver steak . skinny that 's what I hear . frank I could deliver you steak . johnny give skinny a nod that say '' yes '' . skinny have a drink . as the bartender serve drink , skinny toast the group . ext . meat company - day - 1956 it 's summer . as load dock worker in short sleeve carry hindquarters and hang they in Frank 's refrigerate truck , he sign for the load - 25 beef carcass . frank v/o it 's harder to steal in the summer when the weather 's nice . he shut the truck 's rear door . the yard manager slap a aluminum seal on the lock . ext . food fair market - day - 1956 Frank back up to the store 's load dock and climb out as the store 's manager approach with a clipboard and break the aluminum seal . worker begin unload the hindquarters , the store manager note the number . frank v/o Winter 's a different story . ext . meat company - day - dec . 1956 the same load dock as before , but now it 's winter . snow on the ground . int . meat company - day - dec . 1956 a heater glow in the yard manager 's dock office . Frank sign for 25 hindquarters . yard manager it 's freezing out there . frank I do not mind it . yard manager not I . I hate it . will you do I a favor and put on the seal ? frank sure . I have gotta be out there anyway . the yard manager hand Frank the aluminum seal , and turn away to warm he hand over a small floor heater . yard manager I owe you one . ext . meat company - continuous - dec . 1956 Frank emerge from the office , cross the freezing cold dock , shut the door of the load truck but pocket the seal instead of put it on the lock . ext . the friendly lounge - later - day - dec . 1956 skinny watch guy carry five hindquarters into the back of the friendly Lounge as he pay Frank cash . after the delivery be do and skinny go inside , Frank put the seal on the truck door 's lock . ext . food fair market - later - day - dec . 1956 the store manager rub he glove together to restore some circulation and break the seal on the lock . frank ( to some dock guy ) I 'il give you a hand . int . food fair market - day - dec . 1956 Frank help the dock worker carry the 20 ( not 25 ) hindquarters to the store 's walk - in refrigerator . they hang they on one side and leave , but Frank stay behind and re-hang five hindquarters that be already there on the other side to that he just deliver . ext . food fair market - day - dec . 1956 back on the dock , the store manager sign for the shipment - 25 side of beef - and Frank hop back into he truck . int . the friendly lounge - night - dec . 1956 Frank and johnny and driver at the bar with Christmas decoration . skinny and mob friend eat Frank 's steal steak . skinny wave Frank over to the table . skinny delicious . frank it 's all Prime meat . I do not go near '' Choice '' . skinny then keep ’em come , Frank . ext . food fair market - day - feb . 1957 another winter 's day . the store manager come out to Frank 's truck and break the seal on the door . 10 frank v/o first I be steal five hindquarters at a time . then ten . twelve . thing be miss everywhere I go . I be do real good , but then - the door open revealing no hindquarters inside . Frank look mystify . frank what the fuck ? store manager what the fuck be this ? frank I do not know , it 's not my job to load . maybe the loader do not do they job . everyone on the dock look at Frank . store manager you do not notice you be drive a light horse ? frank no , I think I have a good horse . ext . local 107 - philadelphia - day - 1957 the familiar two- horse - and - a- wheel International Brotherhood of teamster logo on the door of the local . bill ( pre - lap ) under the contract , thanks to Jimmy hoffa , management can only fire a driver on specific charge . int . local 107 - day - 1957 Frank sit with teamster lawyer Bill bufalino , whose daughter 's wedding Frank and Russell will drive across three state to attend 25 year later . bill ever show up late ? frank no. 11 bill any move violation ? frank no . bill you drink on the job ? frank no . bill ever hit anybody ? frank on the job ? bill yeah . frank no . the lawyer nod to himself - all this seem to be satisfactory to he - and he seem to have exhaust the list of fireable offense . frank stealing be not grounds ? bill can they prove it ? frank I do not think so . bill then no . they regard each other . bill if they could prove it , all they be go to want from you be name . accomplice . you could keep you job and walk away . would you give they name to keep you job ? frank no . Bill nod . that 's the right answer . then - 12 bill you know I do not care if you do it or not . frank yeah . bill it make no difference to I . I be here to defend you . right ? frank yeah . bill ( whisper ) but do you ? Frank be not sure if he 's suppose to admit it or not to he lawyer . eventually - frank I work hard for that company when I be not steal from they . Bill smile . he like Frank . he will not be the last to appreciate he honest dishonesty . int . courtroom - day - 1957 at the plaintiff 's table - the food Fair lawyer . at the defense table - Frank and he lawyer , Bill bufalino , who address the judge - bill you honor , if this be about right and wrong , the company would have seek Mr. sheeran 's dismissal . they do not . they only bring charge against Mr. sheeran because the company hope that he would name the conspirator he could not give they because they do not exist . they do not exist because he never steal anything . he never steal anything because he 's a exemplary employee who in eight year have never take a day of sick leave . ( more ) 13 bill ( cont 'd ) the only rule he ever break be he own union 's , by help other carry side of beef from he truck to they refrigerator in the dead of winter . with that and all else he 's hear , the judge render judgement - judge I be dismiss this case with a warning - frank yes , you honor . judge not you , Mr. sheeran . the plaintiff . you bring another workingman before this court with threat instead of evidence , believe I , you will be sorry . ( shake he head ) if I own stock in this company , I would sell it . int . villa DI roma - night - 1957 angelo bruno , humble - look and simply dress be seat at a table with skinny razor when Frank and Bill bufalino walk in . skinny whisper something to bruno . frank v/o I do not know how he do it , and I be not gonna ask . angelo bruno watch Frank walk from the entrance to the hat check area with Bill bufalino . frank v/o all I know be that Bill bufalino get I out of a case where I should 'a go down for the count . angelo bruno continue to watch as a waitress help Frank and Bill with they coat . frank v/o instead , we go out celebrate and I meet what be gonna turn out to be the rest of my life . 14 Bill bufalino be surprised to see he cousin , russell bufalino , at the restaurant and head for a table . Bill bufalino acknowledge he cousin with a kiss . bill Frank , this be my cousin , Russell bufalino . Frank recognize Russell bufalino as the man who help he with he truck . frank ( to Russell ) hey , do not you help I out with my truck a couple of month ago ? bufalino yeah . it be nothing . it be that timing chain . they be tricky . do you get it fix ? frank yeah . the next day . thanks again . bufalino ( teasing ) watch yourself with this tough guy around here . alright , maybe I see you around . ( you do the right thing . ) a smile Russell shake hand with Frank and walk alone toward he own table as Bill and Frank be lead to theirs . frank ( to Bill ) you cousin save my ass . I could have lose the whole load . bill yeah . he know everything about truck . he work for Canada dry . Frank look over to where Russell be be seat . int . villa DI roma - angelo bruno table - continuous Frank see Russell bufalino be seat at angelo bruno 's table . skinny razor be go . bruno rise as Russell kiss bruno 's cheek . Frank see there be empty table on either side of the bruno table despite the restaurant be full with diner wait . 15 frank V / o I might not have know who Russell bufalino be back then , but I have see enough picture and storey in the newspaper to know he be eat with angelo bruno , the new boss of Philadelphia , who run everything from Philadelphia to Atlantic City . that be all I have to know that Russell bufalino be no truck mechanic from Canada dry . int . villa DI roma - night dinner 's over . Russell have join Bill , Frank and skinny razor for coffee and anisette at Bill bufalino 's table . Bill and skinny razor be talk about skinny ducking a subpoena . frank ( italian , subtitle ) it 's very good bread . thank you . bufalino ( italian , subtitle ) where have a paddy learn to speak italian ? frank ( italian , subtitle ) in Sicily . the war . Russell be pleased and impressed with Frank 's italian , but even more so that he be in the war . they continue in italian ( wherever italicize ) - bufalino where ? frank catania . bufalino I be from catania . how long ? frank four year . 411 combat day . ( in italian ) 122 at anzio. ( back to English ) 45th infantry . 16 bufalino it be bad there . Frank nod , but do not elaborate . bufalino do you think you have die ? frank you think about it ... you be scared ... but once the action start , the fear go away because you be too busy fight ... I make it through the war so now , I look around ... I think ... what happen , happen . bufalino fuck it . Russell nod , leave it at that . frank you get order , you would follow they . they tell you take some prisoner out to the wood - they do not say '' what to do '' - they have just say ... like ... '' hurry back '' . bufalino that 's war . ext . italian forest - day - flashback Frank hold a rifle on german soldier # 1 and # 2 as they dig hole in the forest floor . frank v/o you know it 's crazy but I never understand how they would just keep digging . they own grave , y'know ? maybe they think if they do a good job ... the guy with the gun ... german Soldiers # 1 and # 2 have finish digging and look up plaintively at Frank for mercy . frank v/o +--+. would change he mind . Frank shoot the Germans . they fall into the hole . 17 back to the villa DI roma to Frank and Russell - bufalino people cling to hope . frank v/o Russell take a shine to I . it be not long before he have I do little thing for he and angelo bruno , himself . ext . rural pennsylvania - day - 1975 the road ahead as the lincoln drive a rural stretch of I - 80 West . int . franks lincoln - moving - day - 1975 Russell nap in the passenger seat while Frank drive , they wife in back . frank v/o carrie 's family go back to the same town in Sicily as the bufalinos . they talk about it all the time . she come from the sciandra . to they it be like they come over on the italian mayflower . int . bufalino's house - night - 1958 - flashback Russell come in late at night through the back door into the darken house . he 's surprised by carrie who be still up . he 's get blood splatter on he shirt and face , which do not alarm she as it might most wife . carrie what happen ? Russell give she a look . carrie go get wash and give I the shirt , I 'il put it in the wash . he take off the bloody shirt and hand it to she . 18 carrie do not forget you shoe . as carrie go off to wash he shirt , Russell bend down to remove he bloody shoe . he set a gun down . int . franks lincoln - moving - day - 1975 Endless , boring tree , whiz by . carrie can we stop , Frank ? ext . rural pennsylvania - day - 1975 Frank pull the car to the side of the highway . the woman get out to smoke . the car door shutting wake Russell . bufalino where be we ? frank outside lewisburg . bufalino I get some thing to do in lewisburg . wake I up when we get there . Russell close he eye to nap . int . penn drape & curtain , pittston , PA - day - 1957 a succession of guy in suit and tie sit in chair in the rear of Russell 's fabric shop quietly wait they turn . they do not speak or acknowledge each other as two female clerk hustle around check bolt of fabric for curtain and drape . frank v/o he have a piece of everything , but mostly he run he business out of Penn drape and curtain . who know what it all be ? I be sure the man have partner . they always have partner . nobody keep all the money , but everybody listen to Russ . and when you do something for Russ , you do it yourself . like he say - 19 bufalino I do not need two road come back to I . int . park sheraton HOTEL - day - oct . 25 , 1957 Arthur grasso 's barber shop . four barber , two bootblack , a manicurist , and three customer , one of they with he head back , eye close , get a shave . the man 's bodyguard leaf through a magazine as he wait , then set it down , get up , and - we follow he out to the adjacent lobby of the hotel where he walk past shop , presumably to buy something at the kiosk up ahead , pass two other man come the other way without acknowledge they - and we go back with this two as they walk past the same shop to the barber shop . they go in , but we keep go to the florist next door , settling on flower arrangement as ten shot ring out in the barber shop - frank v/o when anastasia get kill in the barber shop , it be Russell who calm thing down so they be not kill each other before it could all get straighten out . int . lincoln towncar - day - oct . 25 , 1957 finger raise the volume on the car radio . ext . penn drape & curtain - day - october 25 , 1957 Russell , in shirtsleeve , calmly talk to the man inside the car . we hear nothing over the loud car radio music . frank v/o still , you have never know it by look at he . but all the road lead back to Russ . ext . bufalino 's house - pittston - day - 1957 the same modest house the bufalinos will still be in twenty year from now . 20 ext . skinny razor 's house - PHILLY - day - 1957 Frank sit in a idling car , the tailpipe breathe steam into the chilly air . frank v/o I be help out skinny and he friend with collection . skinny come down the step of he house in a robe and slipper . frank v/o that 's all skinny do . Grill steak and collect money . skinny poke he head in the passenger window . do not see what he expect to see . skinny where 's the money ? frank he do not have it . he ( say ) - skinny do not tell I , let I guess . his mother die and the funeral set he back . frank yeah . skinny his fuckin mother 's be die over and over for ten year . do not leave . skinny scamper back into the house and reemerges a moment later with a paper bag in he hand . skinny do not use it . just show it to he . skinny set the bag on the passenger seat and trot back to he house . Frank see a gun in the bag and drive off . int / ext . franks car - PHILLY STREET - day - 1957 Frank in he park car , watch a street corner . see deadbeat # 1 come around it . 21 we stay in the car to watch Frank approach the guy on the sidewalk , show that he be hold a gun in the paper bag . frank v/o in that day , you take along a gun just to show a guy . today , they shoot you with it . the guy be terrify by the mere sight of the gun in the open bag . they both get into the car . frank v/o in that day , you want you money tomorrow . this day , they want it yesterday . int . the friendly lounge - later - day - 1957 skinny regards the guy stand before he . skinny tomorrow . deadbeat tomorrow . I swear . skinny here . deadbeat here . tomorrow . skinny nod , okay , go . but the guy do not go . skinny what . deadbeat how be I go to get home ? skinny take a fuckin bus , get out of here . the deadbeat leave . 22 int . frank & mary 's house - evening - 1958 Frank come in to find Mary cooking and he daughter Peggy sulk . frank what 's the matter with she ? mary nothing . she knock over something in the grocery store and make a mess . the grocer yell at she and shove she out . frank he push she ? Frank turn to Peggy . frank he push you ? Peggy nod . frank the grocery on the corner ? Peggy nod . frank ( to Peggy , sweetly ) come with I sweetheart . show I . mary Frank , it be a accident . ext . grocery store - evening - 1958 Frank lead Peggy to the corner store where the burly grocer be alone . frank that he ? Peggy nod . frank you go home , sweetheart . tell you mother I will be right there . okay ? okay ? he kiss she on the top of she head and send she home . he then turn toward the grocery store . 23 int . grocery store - evening - 1958 the grocer be alone whack away at a leg of lamb with a meat cleaver as Frank enter . grocer Frank , I be sorry , but you kid be out of line . I only do what you and you wife should have do at home . Frank pull the grocer clear over the counter and slam he on the floor . Frank then take aim for a second and stomp on the guy 's hand with all he weight . ext . grocery store - continuous Peggy have not go home and be peek into the store where she see she father stomping up and down on the scream grocer 's hand . terrify , Peggy turn and run home as she father stomp on the grocer writhe on the ground . int . frank & mary house - later - night - 1958 the family eat in silence . Peggy steal glance at she father , afraid of he now . int . mother of sorrow church - day Frank and Mary 's daughter , dolore , be be baptize . unlike the last time , there be a lot of attendee - mobster from downtown include Russell , carrie , Bill bufalino , he wife , johnny the trucker , skinny razor and other assort blue collar trucker and part time hood . Peggy watch she father , all she see be the image of she father 's heel crush a hand . frank v/o it be a beautiful occasion . everybody show up . ( more to come ) int . melrose diner - PHILLY - day - late fall 1958 Frank sit at a table with a cup of coffee when whisper ditullio sit down . Frank nod . 24 whisper you wanna pick up a quick ten grand ? whisper be true to he name speak so softly Frank have to lean over to hear . frank v/o this be not the whisper they blow up in that car around the same time ... flashcut to a car blow up . then back to the diner - whisper continue to fill Frank in on the job . frank v/o this be the other whisper . the good one who know how to make money . whisper it 's a great business . int . daisy linen supply - day - 1958 a big industrial laundry service , but with a lot of idle machine . whisper ( overlap ) we supply all the bed sheet , towel , and linen to most of the Atlantic City casinos and hotel . we pick it up , wash it , iron it , and deliver it . until recently , it 's be a license to print money . int . cadillac linen service - day - 1958 this place look a lot like the other place , only busy . whisper ( overlap ) except there 's this fuckin’ laundry down in delaware that 's knock we dead . they be cut the price . they be scare we driver . they be suck up more and more of we business . I ’ma little concerned . 25 int . melrose diner - continued - 1958 Frank lean in closer as whisper talk . frank v/o whenever anybody say they be a little concerned , they be very concerned . when they say they be more than a little concerned , they be desperate . whisper I be more than a little concerned . ext . cadillac linen service - day - 1958 as worker haul laundry out to truck with the name cadillac line service paint on they - int . melrose diner - continued - 1958 whisper pass a envelope across the table . whisper we have gotta put this fuckin guy out of business somehow . frank yeah . Frank take a quick look inside the envelope . frank this be not ten grand . whisper I know . do not worry . you know I be good for it . I do not wanna go on the street ask for that kind of money and have anybody ask question . Frank look at he , not sure he can trust he to pay up . whisper what 's the matter , Frank ? take it . what be I gonna do stiff you for the money . you think I be nut ? I be look to put this delaware bastard out of business and we will all be good . 26 Frank finally put the envelope in he pocket . whisper and remember , please ! this be between we . do not mention nothing to nobody , even skinny . that 's why I do not wanna borrow the ten grand off the street . int . frank & mary 's house - night - 1958 Frank take five hundred from the $ 2000 stack of bill in the envelope and give the rest to Mary , at the kitchen table with they three girl . frank I hit on a ten-dollar daily double . she know it be not true , but do not care . Peggy know it be not true and do care . ext . cadillac linen service - delaware - day - 1958 Frank drive slowly past the front of the cadillac line service building . then around the side . then around the back . he note a burglar alarm box . ext . cadillac linen service - delaware - night he sit in he park car , have a look at the building at night . he get out and cross past the truck , peer in one of the industrial window at the wash and press machine inside . ext . dark STREET - night - 1958 at he car , Frank take out a red 5 - gallon gasoline tank . he unscrew he car 's gas cap and shove a two foot length of rubber hose into the tank . he suck on the hose for a few second and quickly spit out the taste of gasoline before he shove the hose into the red gasoline tank . he put the red tank in the trunk of he car where there be two more red tank and a box of dynamite . int . frank & mary house - night he put on a dark jacket over he dark clothes and head for the door . 27 ext . frank & mary house - night - 1958 as he come out and walk toward he car , he see skinny stand next to he own , and stop . skinny angelo want to see you . Frank jump in skinny 's car . int . villa DI roma - later - night - 1958 skinny lead Frank into the restaurant . empty except for angelo , Russell and phil the bartender . phil close the door as they walk in . the door snap as he lock it . he put the close sign up . bruno sit down , Frank . Frank sit . listen to a silence before - bruno ( cont 'd ) what be you do in delaware ? Frank glance from angelo bruno - who 's study he - to Russell bufalino - who be not - and wisely decide to tell the truth . frank bomb out a laundry service . bruno for who ? ( nothing from Frank ) this be not one of that time to not say . frank for whisper . the other whisper . bruno you know who own the cadillac line service ? frank some Jews in the laundry business . bruno they own part of it . somebody else have a interest in that . you know who ? 28 frank no. bruno I do . frank who . bruno no . I do . I own the other part . not I know who own the other part . frank I do not know that . bruno whisper do not tell you it be the Jew mob ? frank he say Jew washerwoman . bruno Jew washerwoman . what else he say ? I will bet he say keep it to yourself . do not say nothin’ to nobody downtown . Frank nod . listen to the amplify sound . then - frank I do not check . I be sorry , I should have check . you want I to give he he money back ? bruno he will not need it . you can keep it . frank you sure ? bruno he will not need it . frank thank you . bruno thank Russell . I would not have waste my time . I have have let the Jews have you . 29 frank ( to Russell ) thank you . ext . STREET - night - 1958 whisper wait on the street . frank ( in sync ) it 's best to use something brand new . right out of the box . otherwise , you do not know where it 's be . what somebody do with it you do not even know about . whisper see Frank come around the corner and walk toward he - a friend walk toward a friend - as if to give he a tip on a race or football game . frank ( in sync ) so I recommend something new right out of the box . Frank shoot he with a .32 and keep walk . int . assisted live facility - day - 2000 Frank be seat at a small table before a soundless television set . frank naturally , the next thing you want to do be throw it away . ( alt : ... get rid of it . ) ext . schuylkill river - night - 1958 Frank drive slowly across the empty bridge , slow down and scale the gun into the river as effortlessly as a frisbee . frank ( in sync ) there 's a spot in the schuylkill River everybody use . they ever send diver down there , they have be able to arm a small country . 30 int . frank & mary 's house - morning - 1958 Frank sit at the kitchen table read a newspaper . glance up at he daughter Peggy , then back down at the paper with a weegee -like photo of a body on the sidewalk surround by cop and passersby . next to it be a full face mugshot of whisper . frank ( in sync ) with whisper , it break the ice . ext . schuylkill river - another night - 1958 Frank pull up , get out , throw a gun in the river . frank ( in sync ) it be like the army . ext . schuylkill river - another night - 1958 Frank throw another gun in the river . frank ( in sync ) you follow order . ext . schuylkill river - another night - 1958 another gun hit the water , and this time we go underwater with it as it sink to the bottom , where there 's a arsenal of discard gun . frank v/o and when I handle thing for Russell it be never for money , but as a show of respect . you run a little errand , you do a favor , you get a little favor back if you ever need it . int . villa DI roma - night - 1958 as Frank approach Russell 's table , the two sit with Russell leap to they foot , nod at Frank and move away . frank v/o and you always hurried back . irene , the waitress , smile and affectionately touch Frank 's shoulder as she clear the dish . 31 ext . philadelphia - night - 1958 Frank walk down a rain-slicked downtown street with the villa di roma waitress - irene - step on reflection of light and neon sign on the wet pavement . frank v/o no time be a good time to leave you wife , but that 's when I leave mine . they disappear into a cheap hotel . ext . motel - lewisburg , PA . - day - JULY 28 , 1975 Frank pull the lincoln into the lot of a roadside motel set down next to the highway . int . motel office - lewisburg , PA . - day - 1975 while they wife smoke outside , Frank and Russell check in . only instead of take money from either of they , the manager give Russell a envelope of cash . int / ext . lincoln - lewisburg , PA . - day - 1975 Russell and Frank drive along a street in lewisburg . bufalino here it be . Frank pull to the curb in front of a fur shop . get out , leave the motor run , go inside . come back out a moment later with a envelope of cash which he give to Russell who put it in the glove compartment , shut it . ext . jewelry store - lewisburg - day - 1975 Russell wait in the lincoln , Frank come out of the jewelry store with another envelope . Russell add it to the other in the glove compartment and turn to give he wife and irene two small gold brooches . int . bowling alley - day - 1959 Russell and he wife carrie , along with Frank and he second wife , irene , and he two older daughter , Peggy and maryanne - bowl . 32 Peggy - about 10 now - and even more uncomfortable with he - keep she distance . int . bowling alley - later - day - 1959 Frank and Russell drink beer and watch the woman and child bowl . bufalino I think that kid 's a-scare of I . frank she 's a-scare of I , too . she 's one of that sensitive kid . you know . bufalino that 's not good , Frank . she should not be a-scare of you . you gotta be close with you daughter , you know . you gotta be close with you family . you be bless to have they . I tell you carrie and I , you know , we can not have kid , you know . so you be bless . bufalino motion Peggy to join he and she father . bufalino sweetheart , do you know why God make the sky so high ? peggy no . bufalino because he do not want the bird to bang they head . Peggy be expressionless . bufalino ( still try ) you want candy or something to eat ? peggy no . Peggy go back to bowl and start laugh with maryanne . 33 bufalino maybe it 's okay that she 's a- scared of I , but she should not be a-scare of you . you be she father . you have get to keep a eye on that . frank you be right . bufalino it happen sometimes in a divorce . the kid get nervous . they start resent you . frank I be lucky the way Mary and renie get along . the kid move back and forth with no problem . bufalino it can make all the difference , when the parent be not at war . Russell look over and smile and wave to Peggy , but she look away . bufalino you good with the union ? frank you kid ? best union in the world . bufalino well , a good friend of ours be gonna need some help . frank yeah ? who ? bufalino I mean the top guy . he 's gonna need some help . frank you mean hoffa ? bufalino he 's get people who be look to make trouble . some bastard try to pipe he over a workman 's comp case . 34 frank I hear he beat the shit out of they . bufalino yeah , but he 's still gonna need somebody he can trust . ext . villa DI roma - night - 1959 a thunderstorm throw rain down on Frank he hurry from he car to the villa di roma . int . villa DI roma - night Russell and skinny razor be linger at one end of the bar . Frank be sit on he own at a table have a glass of wine . Russell be check he watch . the bar phone ring . bufalino right on time . skinny answer the phone . skinny ( into the phone ) skinny . ( listen ) how you do ? good . and the family ? yeah , we be all good . knock wood . oh yeah , angelo 's fine . he get a good physical with the doctor last week . he 's in the pink . knock wood again . let I give mcgee the phone . you take care of yourself , you hear . skinny hand the phone to Russell . but Russell do not talk into it he walk the phone over to Frank 's table and sit down . he put a envelope on the table . bufalino ( into the phone ) I get that friend I tell you about . he 's sit here with I . he 's a good union man . I want he to meet he president . see what you think of he . Russell hand Frank the phone . 35 bufalino say hello . frank ( into the phone ) hello ? hoffa hi Frank . it 's Jimmy hoffa . the image of Frank and Russell at the table slow down . frank v/o nowadays , young people do not know who Jimmy hoffa be . maybe they know he disappear , that 's about it . but back then , there be not a american alive who do not know who he be . int . teamster 's wxdc headquarters - office - continuous hoffa be behind a large desk wear a low - cost black suit with a white shirt and black tie . hoffa hiya , Frank . this be Jimmy hoffa . glad to meet you , even over the phone . ext . detroit - day - 1957 - flashback Jimmy come through a large crowd of worker eager to shake he hand . frank v/o in the 5us , he be as famous as elvis . in the 60' , he be as famous as the Beatles . next to the President he be the most powerful man in the country . int . teamster rally - detroit - day - 1957 - flashback Jimmy orate before the crowd of worker - televise . hoffa if you get it , a truck bring it to you . food , clothing , medicine , fuel for home and industry . the day we truck stop America stop . 36 back to the villa DI roma as the slow-motion image of Frank on the phone and Russell at the table return to normal - hoffa I hear you paint house . frank I do my own carpentry too . hoffa that 's what I want to hear . I understand you be a brother of mine . frank local 107 . since 1947 . hoffa we friend speak very highly of you . frank thank you . hoffa he 's not a easy man to please . frank I do my best . back to the teamster rally hoffa speak to the worker - hoffa we be face a struggle as never before . the most important thing the labor movement cannot do without be solidarity . Big business have be on the attack - back to the villa DI roma Frank still on the phone with hoffa - hoffa - they want to tear the union apart . ( more ) 37 hoffa ( cont 'd ) Big business be work with the government to sow the seed of dissent at a time when we need unity . we need solidarity more than ever in we history . not just we history but the history of the work man in America . frank yes . hoffa you want to be a part of this fight ? frank yes I do . hoffa you want to be a part of this history ? frank yes I do . hoffa can you be in Chicago tomorrow ? Russell push the envelope on the table toward Frank . frank v/o for a minute there , I think it be patton . ext . chicago - day - 1959 Cars pull into a parking lot behind a building . hoffa V / o go to Chicago . speak to joey glimco at local 777 . you will be work in Public Relations . Frank and joey glimco climb out of one of the car . they , and several other man enter the back door of the building - int . chicago bathhouse - 1959 Frank be seat with joey glimco , head of the Chicago taxicab driver union . 38 they be seat on a white tile counter drape in towel . glimco be smoking a fat cigar in the steam - fill room . joey you be only here because Jimmy 's get screw . it 's the seafarer Union try to sign up the same non-union cab driver we be . lesbian , a lot of they , for some reason . ext . chicago - night - 1959 a woman cab driver walk into a diner . joey ( overlap ) this be what we have to deal with , how to get this driver to join we rather than Paul Hall 's union . he 's bullshit people that he can get a better contract than Jimmy . Frank walk over to the woman 's cab , open the door and hot-wire ext . lake Frank and cab into it . joey ( overlap ) you understand , you be here because nobody know you or what the fuck you be do . michigan - night - 1959 the other local 777 guy push steal non-union Lake Michigan while cop stand around watch . joey ( overlap ) Jimmy have daley 's cop 's okay on this . they will not help we push but they 'il make sure nobody stop we . joey this be a lot of work . frank have you think about use candy ? joey just look at he , not sure what he 's say . 39 ext . chicago - night - 1959 the trunk of a car open revealing box of dynamite . joey and Frank carry the box to a back door of a cab garage , hold open by another man . ext . cab garage - night - 1959 the place be silent . full of taxi cab . suddenly they start explode - ext . grocery store - chicago - night - 1959 Frank and joey glimco approach a fruit stand . joey one thing about Jimmy , never make he wait . you have a meeting with he , get there on time . get there early . I can not stress this enough . he go by time . joey tap at some watermelon . frank we should get go then . joey the other thing about he be he do not drink . imagine that ? he 's the head of all the truck driver in the world and do not drink . he will not even let you drink around he . he call it idiot juice . int . edgewater HOTEL suite - chicago - later - night as joey carefully cut a hole in a watermelon , Frank check he watch . joey the other thing about he - he do not like watermelon . joey pour a fifth of rum into the hole in the watermelon . 40 int . edgewater HOTEL suite - later - night they sip from bottle of ginger ale - joey , Frank and Jimmy hoffa - but only two of they be eat the slice - up spike watermelon . joey ( excited ) you shoulda see they sink right in the water . one after the other . I ’‘1l bet this morning , when they go look for they cab , they do not know what hit they . hoffa sinking the cab . great idea joey . joey it be not my idea . it be Frank . hoffa look at Frank , impressed . frank it 's not complicated . you just push . joey he just take over the pier . they do exactly what he say . ( gobbles up watermelon slice ) I never see a guy walk through a crowd like he do and he do not touch a single person ! I be not kid . I swear . guy who do not even know he , never see he before in they life , still get out of he way . I be tell you it be like '' the parting of the wave '' - like mose ! hoffa look over at a clearly mortify Frank listen to glimco 's excessive praise . hoffa ( to joey ) you need he to stay another couple of day ? joey yeah . we still get some drib and drab . glimco hand Frank a slice of rum-lace watermelon . 4l hoffa ( curious ) you two sure like watermelon . int . edgewater HOTEL live room suite - later - night joey have leave . it 's just Jimmy and Frank now . Jimmy in pajamas and slipper . ( Frank , still fully clothed , stand near a utility roll cot . ) hoffa everybody have to be united in the same direction , or there 's not progress for the worker , Frank . you see it firsthand . to I that guy be not union . they be like Nazi collaborator . operate behind we line . you be in the war . you know what I mean . frank I do . hoffa good ! Jimmy get up in he pajamas and go into he bedroom leave the door open . Frank arrange the pillow on the cot . he look into the bedroom and see that hoffa be already sound asleep . Frank stretch out on the cot but he 's fully awake . frank v/o back in the 1950' , Jimmy be already the president of the International Brotherhood of teamster . the most powerful union man in the country . still , he do not make I stay in he suite in Chicago because he like I . he make I stay with he because he do not want I register in my name at the hotel . by stay with he in the big suite , there be no proof I be even in Chicago . it 's all about secret . just like whisper , except for whisper it do not turn out so good . 42 ext . miniature golf course - day - 1959 Jimmy and he wife josephine , and Frank and irene and he still - grow family include infant connie in a stroller - play miniature golf . Jimmy dote on Peggy , help she with the club . frank v/o after Chicago , Jimmy and I get close . we wife hit it off and with Jimmy and josephine 's kid mostly grow up , they get a kick out of we kid , especially Peggy . she and Jimmy fall for each other right away . jo want a snapshot of Jimmy and Peggy together . as they pose for the picture - hoffa can you keep a secret ? peggy sure . hoffa you know what I like even better than get my picture take ? peggy what ? ext . ice cream parlor - night - 1959 Jimmy set a tray of ice cream sundae on the table , place the first one in front of Peggy . frank v/o to peg , Jimmy be not like Russ , or skinny or even I . for one thing , Jimmy do not have a nickname like the '' razor '' or '' the hunchback '' . also , to she , he be help people make more money , live better life . he be not stomping on somebody 's hand . Jimmy really do love ice cream , dip he spoon into he sundae and savore its taste like fine wine . 43 int . school classroom - day - 1960 Peggy stand in front of a blackboard read a essay from a piece of paper . a banner above the blackboard read : '' career day '' . peggy '' if you have it , a truck bring it to you . '' this be what Mr. hoffa say , and it 's true . he 's the president of the teamster Union with over a million member . they all support he because they now have steady job , great pay and a pension for when they retire . Frank sit in a chair off to the side at the head of the class . it 's he turn at career day . Peggy and Frank be both wear gold and blue enamel '' a friend of Jimmy hoffa '' button write across a miniature trailer truck . frank v/o the teamster pension Fund have eight billion dollar in it and Jimmy have complete authority over every bit of it . int . hoffa 's office - teamster 's wxdc hq - day - 1959 hoffa behind a large desk in a huge office with drape and a window view of the White House . jake gottlieb , a builder , be show hoffa a two - foot high architect 's model of '' the dune '' , the Las Vegas casino he be propose expand . jake gottlieb a bridge loan be all I be ask . CUT to : Bill bufalino stand behind gottlieb . Frank be stand behind Bill . hoffa I be not pissing away my member 's pension dough on bullshit . jake gottlieb you will not . you can not . I have get minksy 's folly . I have get the first topless act on the Strip . ( more ) 44 jake gottlieb ( cont 'd ) I be just ask for a golf course . Jimmy you know you have never lose a dime with I . bill we would appreciate anything you can do to help Jake along on this . jake gottlieb one five be all I need for the completion bond . bill whatever you can do Jimmy . hoffa wave at Bill . hoffa ( to Bill ) okay . okay . go to the bank . gottlieb remain seat beam as Bill and Frank leave the office . int . hoffa' office - anteroom - continuous Frank and Bill open a large ebony credenza with a elaborate chinese design . Bill open the credenza to reveal stack of cash in neat bank band unit read : $ 10,000 , $ 50,000 , etc . Bill rummages around the stack until he pile twelve stack mark $ 100,000 into Frank 's arm . int . classroom - continued - 1960 with Peggy still up at the front of the class - peggy and , because of Mr. hoffa , worker have medical insurance for when they get sick and know that when they retire they be not go to go hungry . int . office - day - 1958 sign read : '' allen dorfman insurance . '' Allen dorfman be seat wear a '' friend of hoffa '' pin in he lapel . 45 frank v/o there be so much paperwork back then that Jimmy have to use a insurance company , run by he friend , '' Red '' dorfman 's son , Allen , to process the loan . a title appear : Allen dorfman , shot eight time in the head in a Chicago parking lot , 1979 . int . penn drape & curtain - pittston , PA - day - 1958 Russell in the curtain shop check bolt of cloth talk with he cousin , Bill . frank v/o Russ and he friend use to get guy like gottlieb million - dollar loan and then tack on a ten - percent finder 's fee . bufalino I appreciate what he do . he 's okay . you make sure you thank marteduzzo from I . bill he would be glad to hear that . ext . las vega - day - 1956-1960 crane building the casinos such as the stardust , the dune , the Sands etc. in bg . frank v/o back then , because the money be for gambling , a lot of snooty bank would not lend casinos money for construction . I be serious . but without the regular bank , it be the teamster 's billion - dollar pension fund that step in and leat the money that build Las Vegas . int . beauty parlor - detroit - day - 1959 several woman sit under hair dryer . one of the woman be Jimmy 's wife , josephine . 46 frank v/o there be more business than anybody could handle . ext . miami beach development - day * postcard : photo of a large real estate display with a golf course . * postcard : photo of a fleet of charter fishing boat . * postcard : photo of aspen Lodge and ski slope . frank v/o Jimmy have to shove some of the deal off on to josephine who have no idea she have twenty - two percent of a Florida land deal call '' Sun Valley '' , some charter fishing boat , and a ski lodge with its own mountain . ext . graveyard - chicago - day - 1960 some park car . in the backseat of one sit a man wear sunglass and a fedora - SAM '' momo '' giancana . frank ( in sync ) one of Jimmy 's client be Sam '' momo '' giancana , who be friend with the kennedy from back when Jack 's father make he fortune ( alongside the italian ) as a bootlegger during prohibition . the old timer work with he . momo - Sinatra - they all party with the kennedy . momo and Kennedy even have the same girlfriend . together . at the same time . ext . graveyard —- chicago - day some mob guy walk across the lawn of a graveyard , jotting down the name on the tombstone . frank ( in sync ) so it be easy for the mob to help Joe Kennedy get he son elect president by make sure he win in Illinois . 47 int . polling place - chicago - day - 1960 the man from the graveyard sign the name from the tombstone on voting register , then get back in line to do it again . frank ( in sync ) in exchange , the new president be go to get castro out of Cuba so we guy could get they casinos and race track and shrimp boat in Havana back . tv news image - election night & result Kennedy versus Nixon . Election night show tight race . the next day , Nixon 's press secretary read the concession letter to Kennedy . int . armory lounge - day Chicago boss , SAM '' momo '' giancana , and New Jersey boss , tony '' tony pro '' provenzano , be watch the Kennedy election victory on television . momo , tony pro , and the roomful of hood cheer and toast each other with the Kennedy victory . frank v/o the italian want Kennedy the irishman as President ... and they get he . on tv , Jack Kennedy go up to stage to make he victory speech . int . hoffa 's lake orion house - detroit - day - 1960 Jimmy , jo , and they kid James P. , Barbara and adopt son chuckie - all in they late teens - watch Kennedy and he family on tv - Jackie , Joe , Bobby , Ted - milling around a stage in hyannis Port for he victory speech . hoffa jeezuschrist ! God damn kennedy . jo Jimmy , please , the kid . hoffa why ? they be gonna have to learn . we be go to war . ( more ) 48 hoffa ( cont 'd ) I tell you , you can not trust a millionaire 's kid . as Jack make he speech , a camera find Robert Kennedy . hoffa especially that miserable little sonofabitch . ... and all the bullshit problem he 's already put I through . int . senate chamber - 1957 - flashback Bobby Kennedy regards hoffa like he 's a insect . it 's ten minute into the hearing now - bobby be you say you do not remember do any favor for johnny dio or you do not remember the conversation ? hoffa I be say , to the best of my recollection , I must recall on my memory , I can not remember . bobby where do this twenty thousand dollar come from ? hoffa from individual . bobby which individual ? hoffa offhand , that particular amount of money I borrow I do not know at this particular moment , but the record of my loan , which I request , I have , and out of all the money I loan over this period of time I go into this venture . everyone look at each other to see if that make any sense to they . 49 int . villa DI roma - day - 1960 Russell enter and distribute JFK election material to some regular . a '' Kennedy for President '' poster hang on the restaurant 's mirror . frank v/o even Russ do he part get Kennedy elect , too . int . bufalino's house - night - 1960 Christmas Eve . light glow on a tree . Music on the hifi . the bufalinos , and Frank and irene and the girl sit around the Christmas tree , open the gift Russell have give they - jewelry for irene , clothes and toy for the girl . frank v/o for guy like Russ , it could not have be better . peggy ( hat to have to say it ) thank you . frank ( in sync ) so what 's the first thing Jack Kennedy do to repay Chicago for all they help ? tv image - 1961 of John f. Kennedy be swear in at he inauguration . frank ( in sync ) he put he crazy brother in charge of the justice Department . and what 's the first thing Bobby do ? he go after not just Jimmy - which in a way you could understand - Jimmy hate the kennedy so much he give Nixon a half a million in teamster cash . they be the only union to back Nixon - but Bobby also go after giancana and all the other guy who put he brother in the White House . 50 ext . frank 's house - morning - MARCH 1961 Frank stand on the front lawn in he robe and slipper , watch a repairman on a telephone pole down the street work on the line , phone company van park below . frank v/o everybody be sure everybody 's phone be bugge . I mean you could not say any name on the phone . everybody be '' you friend '' or '' we friend , '' whether they be you friend or not . even when you talk about Bobby Kennedy . he be '' we friend '' . ext ./ int . federal build - day - 1961 camera look down from above as upon a chessboard where hoffa , Bill bufalino and Frank inch they way across the courthouse 's polished marble floor surround by a small army of reporter , cameramen , and tv anchor wave microphone . the press keep shouting question at hoffa and he trio until they be finally rescue by burly Court officer who shove the press aside and drag hoffa , Frank and Bill through a courtroom door . frank v/o it really get much worse when Bobby become Attorney General . when he run the mcclellan Committee he hold lot of bullshit hearing , but he could not put anybody in jail . now , he be the Attorney General and he could send anybody to jail , and , no question Jimmy be at the top of Bobby 's hit list . he even set up a special '' get hoffa squad '' where he have he own guy from the FBI and IRS work around the clock . they only job be try to put Jimmy hoffa in jail . I be serious . that 's all they do . int . hoffa 's office - teamster 's wxdc hq - day - 1961 a agitate Jimmy listen on a phone behind he desk stare angrily at six large , tough , teamster official , include Frank . 51 hoffa ( slam phone ) I be work with a room full of fuckin’ idiot . you prick ! you motherfucker put johnny o’rourke 's kid on as a '' general organizer '' for thirty - six grand at the same time you let he sell insurance to he father 's local . do not you know I be under the gun ? I have get that Kennedy cocksucker stick he nose up my ass and you let this shit happen in public . you dumb motherfucker try to put I away ? Frank turn and leave the office . hoffa tell I now so I can kill you worthless fuck right here . frank v/o I could see it be get to he . he be act crazy . he be not the same Jimmy . he be vicious . it be really hard just be around he . hoffa see Frank leave . stop . int . hoffa 's office - foyer - continuous Jimmy catch up with Frank . hoffa where you go ? frank I quit . you be not call I a motherfucker ! hoffa what 's the matter with you ! that do not apply to you . frank then let I know that . they wanna take what you be say -- they can take it . not I . hoffa but I say it do not apply to you . 52 frank you get a problem pull I aside . do not insult I and then say it do not apply to I . hoffa ( walk Frank back toward office ) okay . okay . come on . you know I better that . frank v/o in the end , I have to stick by he . I know the bullshit he be go through . int . villa DI roma - night - MARCH 1961 Frank and Russell alone at a table , float three coffee bean in they after-dinner sambuca shot . frank Russ , I do not know how Jimmy 's run the union with Bobby and the FBI up he ass all the time . he 's go crazy . bufalino tell Jimmy I be sorry for he trouble , but if worse come to worst , the old timer know the father . they talk ... and they could straighten thing out . frank but he can not understand why you guy help the Kennedy prick get elect in the first place . it do not make sense to he . bufalino Jimmy do not have to know everything . you understand ? sometimes it 's better . frank yeah . bufalino he 's too emotional . he get catch up in bullshit like some guy be late . who give a shit ? he miss the big picture . ( more ) 53 bufalino ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) like Cuba . like get we back in Havana . like get we back the casinos . like get rid of that castro sonofabitch . frank jeezus ! bufalino they have a word with the old man . and he have a word with he son , and he let Jack know , you know , who he fuckin owe . ext . PHILLY - day - 1961 Frank pull into a South Philly truck company lot , climb out of he car and speak to a guy . bufalino ( overlap ) so , I want you to go see phil at milestone hauling . he 's gonna have a rig for you . ext . highway - day - 1961 Frank behind the wheel of a milestone semi . bufalino ( overlap ) you take it , and you drive it down to Baltimore to this concrete plant on Eastern Avenue . you can not miss it , it 's the only one there . ext . concrete plant - baltimore - day - 1961 Frank pull the rig onto the grounds of the plant . there 's a little landing strip next to it . bufalino ( overlap ) a guy will meet you there . a fairy name ferrie . Dave ferrie , whose alopecia have he wear a homemade reddish wig , draw eyebrow and makeup , direct Frank to back he rig up to where some army truck be park . 54 bufalino ( overlap ) you 'il pick up some thing and he will give you some paperwork for the load in case you get stop . Frank watch some maryland National guardsman transfer weapon , ammo , and uniform from they truck to he . ext . highway - night - 1961 Frank drive the rig down Route 13 . bufalino ( overlap ) drive the truck down to Florida . that 's where you will leave it . a dog track outside jacksonville . ext . jacksonville , florida - dawn - 1961 a desert greyhound race track . stuff rabbit on a rail pole . Frank pull the truck into the parking lot . bufalino ( overlap ) a guy with big ear name hunt will meet you there and give you a car to get you back to Philly . as the guy give Frank the key to a car , Frank regards he ear . they do not look so big . big ear what be you look at ? you look at my ear ? frank I be not look at you ear . big ear I have a operation , so there 's no need for anyone look at my ear anymore . frank I be not look at you ear . Big ear walk away . Frank climb into the car and watch as a bunch of cuban begin unload the weapon and ammo from the truck he just drive down . int . villa DI roma - april 1961 55 a glum Frank and Russell sit at the bar watch tv show news footage of the Bay of Pigs disaster . tv anchor a counter- revolutionary coup lead by Cuban exile and back by the Central Intelligence Agency , fail to unseat the island 's Communist dictator , fidel castro ... frank v/o it be a disaster . Kennedy be suppose to send in plane for cover but he pull back and a lot of Cuban guy get kill on the beach . castro fulminate make a anti-american speech on tv . int . hoffa 's office - teamster 's wxdc hq - day april 1961 a furious hoffa in he office with Bill bufalino . be go through a stack of subpoena . hoffa just like I predict . right after they fuck up Cuba , boobie start come after I and the union . he 's look for some cheap publicity . that 's what he 's do . bill it will blow over , Jimmy . hoffa ( annoyed ) what 's the matter with you ? it 'il never blow over . you think they be ever gonna forget the money I give Nixon ? never ! hoffa sweep the subpoena off he desk . bill Jimmy , please , calm down . some of the old timer be try to reach the old man Kennedy now . he 's suppose to be sick , but ... hoffa 56 hoffa ( interrupt ) be you nut ? the old man be not '' sick '' . he just have a stroke . he 's useless . he turn into a eggplant . bill oh shit ! you can not blame anybody for that . hoffa I can ! I blame he kid . the two of they . they do it . ext . palm beach estate - terrace - day joseph P. kennedy , 80 , in pajamas and wrap in a robe , be seat in a wheelchair with a male nurse watch a variety show . hoffa ( overlap ) - they give they own father the stroke . I know it . int . franks house - night - april , 1961 Frank slip a .38 in the back of he waistband as Peggy watch unnotice . he put on a car coat . a tv play a news report on castro . frank v/o everybody start think the same thing : maybe Jimmy be right about the kennedy in the first place . int . franks house - night - april , 1961 it 's late . the house be dark . as he 's leave with he suitcase - peggy where be you go ? frank to work . go to bed . 57 int / ext . franks house - night - april , 1961 Frank close the trunk , get in he car , set the .38 on the passenger seat . Peggy watch from a window . ext . miami - day - 1961 the sun-bleach coastline of Miami Beach . everyone in short - sleeve and sunglass . ext . deauville HOTEL - miami - day - 1961 Frank climb out of he car . a bellman help he with he luggage . everyone else arrive for the annual teamster Convention look just as much like a gangster as he do . int . HOTEL suite - deauville HOTEL - day - 1961 Jimmy and Frank share the suite . Jimmy knot a tie . Frank stick a pistol in he back waistband and slip a sport jacket on . int . deauville HOTEL - miami - day - 1961 Frank stand next to check - in table outside a ballroom , scrutinize the face of that show they union card to clerk for admittance . int . deauville HOTEL ballroom - miami - day - 1961 while Jimmy address the convention delegate , Frank survey they , look at they hand for camera or gun . hoffa we be gonna get through all this legal bullshit garbage . Little '' boobie '' Kennedy can not do a thing to we because we be the biggest , best and most honest union in the country . crowd cheer . hoffa plus we have the strongest and most loyal member ... audience cheer . 58 hoffa --. the great shop steward and headbreaker -- ah , I mean Education Committee ... audience laugh . hoffa +--+. and with Frank fitzsimmon , my executive vice President , have my back ... ( point to fitz on dais ) right fitz ? frank fitisimmon , 53 , a bloat man raise he large scotch on the rock to the cheer crowd . int . deauville HOTEL suite - night - 1961 Jimmy and Frank in pajamas , get ready to turn in . frank you give fitz a nice '' hello '' tonight . I hope he deserve it . hoffa why ? wadda ya mean ? what 's wrong with fitz ? frank nothing , Jimmy . I do not mean it as a knock on the guy . hoffa yeah ? tell I . frank sure , the guy 's loyal . he 's evena nice guy , but he 's not too sharp . you know , he play a lot of golf . hoffa but that 's who you want for a number two . a nice guy . not dumb , but somebody you can have walk behind you without get knife . frank maybe you be right , Jimmy . that make sense . 59 hoffa I may have fault , but be wrong be not one of they . I can sleep like a babe with fitz . it 's the Little guy I have to worry about . a song with the lyric '' you be my boy , tony pro , we be all yours '' begin as - ext . villa romano - hoboken - day - flashback - 1958 a car pull up to a one -story box of a building that look like a abandon bar . a short man in a black suit get out with a couple of other man - frank v/o the Little guy be tony provenzano . a capo in a big New Jersey crew and the president of local 560 in Union City , New Jersey . the song continue over -— int . villa romano bar - day - 1958 as pro walk into the crowded place , he teamster workingmen supporter cheer he , wave '' vote tony ' pro 's and Slate '' sign , bang on drink trays . int . villa romano bar - later - day - 1958 pro , seat at a microphone , wear glass now , haltingly read he prepare remark to the man — pro you turl - you work - while the corporation king - and prince of industry - with they vast - expense account - and salary - and lugerous yacht - make vast donation - to politician - yes - who have dedicated themselves - to we - destruction . teamster down with they ! down with they ! 60 frank v/o pro and Jimmy come up together and be close - back to the deauville HOTEL suite - 1961 hoffa he 's out of control . he 's get a hand in everybody 's pocket . he 's shaking down the truck company right and leave . he 's threaten people . I mean , once in awhile , okay , but all the time ? it 's draw attention . ext . new jersey - day - 1961 a car drive down a highway past farm . frank v/o I do not need Jimmy to warn I about tony pro . int . car - moving - day - 1961 ANTHONY castellito fiddle with the radio in the front passenger seat , search for a station in the static . frank v/o what do I need to know ? as castellito settles on a station and sit back , sally bug , in the back seat , loop a nylon rope around castellito 's neck and strangle he - frank V / o the man have Sally bug strangle tony castellito just because castellito be come up big in the union . pro be so worried about the guy that after he have Sally bug strangle the guy , he have Sally stick he in a tree shredder . ext . farm - new jersey - day - 1961 Sally and the driver smoke outside the car as a tree shredder chew up something . 61 frank v/o that way there have be no competition , not even from the grave . back to the deauville HOTEL suite - 1961 hoffa guy like that give union a bad name . something 's get to be do . frank him be he , that could be tough . hoffa no . no . I do not want that . I mean get work guy who know the union , card - carry teamster like you and I , to start run to take over some of the local . frank he 's not go to like that . hoffa so what ? I be the president . I run the union . all I need be some guy who know they way around and know how to handle themselves . that 's all . ( hoffa clap Frank 's shoulder ) that 's why I want you to run for president of local 326 . Frank be stunne by Jimmy 's belief in he . hoffa you be like family to I , Frank . you , irene , the girl . Lovely Peggy . but that 's not why I be do this . I be not give you anything you do not earn . frank I do not know what to say . hoffa say you will do it . that 's all you have get to say . ( whisper joke ) ( more ) 62 hoffa ( cont 'd ) plus , I can guarantee you be gonna win . frank I will do it . hoffa good . Frank watch as Jimmy 's head hit the pillow and within second be asleep . ext . highway - day - 1975 Frank 's lincoln park at the side of I - 80 West , all the luggage out of the trunk . as Frank and Russell change a flat tire , the wife seize the opportunity for a cigarette on the guard rail . ext . trucking company - delaware - day - 1962 a teamster pin on a lapel . it 's on Frank 's lapel as he park a 1962 lincoln by the load dock of a truck company and climb out , wear a suit like Jimmy 's . int . trucking company office - day - 1962 as Frank enter the truck company owner take one look at Frank 's suit and union pin and pull a envelope from he desk to give he . Frank shake he head no . frank that 's okay , I do not need that . I just come over to introduce myself . Frank sheeran . the new President of 326 . the owner , surprised , put the envelope back in the desk and tentatively shake Frank 's hand . frank v/o what can I say - hoffa take I out of a meat truck and put I in the union . he give I my start , give I my first charter , give I my first union . 63 int . local 326 office - day - 1962 Frank in he own office now , behind a desk , talk with a truck driver dress like he use to dress - frank if they can prove you steal from they what they be go to want be name . would you give they name to keep from go to jail ? truck driver no . frank good . the lawyer will take care of this . you get nothing to worry about . the truck driver get up to shake Frank 's hand . int . courtroom - nashville - day - 1962 with the jury out of the room , attorney Bill bufalino - the same teamster attorney who represent Frank in he truck theft case - appeal to judge William Miller to have a case throw out - this one against hoffa . bill you honor , Mr. hoffa be advise by counsel that it be perfectly legal for he wife to be part owner of a truck business . still , when the mcclellan Committee challenge its legality , she immediately withdraw from the company . among the spectator , and there be not that many beyond some print journalist , be a young man in a raincoat . bill this should have be the end of the matter . there have be no indictment secure against my client in thirteen grand jury . the nut in the raincoat walk down the aisle toward the defense and prosecution table - 64 bill you honor , this be a example of a personal vendetta against my client and he family by a frustrated justice Department and Attorney General , Robert Kennedy - the nut push open the gate , pull out a gun , point it at Jimmy , who rush he , grab he . the gun - a pellet gun - go off and everyone scramble for cover as Jimmy wrestle the guy to the floor . Jimmy 's adopt son / bodyguard , chuckie o’brien - who look italian because he be - jump over the railing and beat the guy in the head until the marshal get there and take over . Jimmy be thrilled with chuckie - hoffa ( raise chuckie 's arm ) this be my boy . I raise this kid . ( calmly to crowd ) remember . always charge a guy with a gun and run away from a guy with a knife . int . police station - nashville - day - 1962 the young would - be assassin , face bloody , stand for he mug shot , hold a book placard that identify he as Warren swanson . swanson I know it sound crazy , but I get a message from a higher power tell I to shoot Jimmy hoffa . the camera flash . int . local 326 - day - 1962 Frank , in he office , on the phone to Jimmy - hoffa I be wonder if you and Ed partin might be able to come down here . there 's a lot of nut in Nashville . 65 int . courthouse - nashville - day - 1962 Frank and another tough teamster - louisianan Ed partin - Jimmy 's bodyguard now - tower over the diminutive labor leader , walk alongside he to the courtroom . int . courtroom - nashville - day - 1962 as prosecutor Jim Neal question a witness in he Tennessee drawl Frank and partin survey the room for possible nut . hoffa meanwhile survey the face of the jury - int . andrew jackson HOTEL - nashville - day - 1962 the legal team 's investigator lay out surveillance photograph of the same people - mark juror 1 , 2 , 3 , etc . - like a game of solitaire . on the sofa Ed partin and Frank watch the unfold event of the Cuban missile crisis on the tv while Jimmy , in he pajamas , make scramble egg for they and chuckie and the legal team . investigator this one 's marry to a state trooper . Jimmy take a look at the surveillance photo of a woman juror on the table . hoffa oh , that 's good . ( pause ) we know anybody ? int . a bathroom somewhere - day - 1962 a shirtless Ed partin remove a microphone and tape recorder strapped under he arm and hand it to Jim Neal , the prosecutor we see in court . ext . highway - tennessee - day - 1962 desert stretch of highway . a lone cadillac park on the shoulder . a Tennessee State highway patrol car pull over . 66 but rather than what normally happen , a man climb out of the cadillac , walk over to the police car , and talk with the trooper . as he hand he a envelope - a long lens camera capture the bribe , the man walk back to the cadillac , the car drive off . int . andrew jackson HOTEL suite - day - 1962 as Jimmy cook breakfast for everyone again , we regard the surveillance photograph of the juror on the table . to one on which someone have already write patrolman 's wife , someone add a check - mark flourish . int . courtroom - nashville - day - 1962 the caddie driver who rendezvouse with the trooper out on the highway , ewing king , be call to the stand . as he raise he right hand and be swear in , Jimmy , at the defense table , subtly lift he own hand and spread he finger . the man nod almost imperceptibly as he sit in the box . jim neal Mr. King , you be a member of the International Brotherhood of teamster , be that correct ? ewing king I respectfully decline to answer that under the protection afforded I by the fifth amendment . jim neal all I ask you be be you a teamster . ewing king I respectfully decline to answer under the ( protection ) - jim neal Fine . let I show you a photograph . Neal pick up a exhibit photo of King at the patrol car . ewing king I respectfully decline ( to ) - jim neal I have not even show you yet . 67 int . ice cream shop , nashville - day - NOV . 22 , 1963 Frank keep a eye on everyone in the shop as Jimmy spoon at a ice cream sundae . he 's with he attorney and chuckie , but be the only one eat . someone oh , my God . they look up to the ice cream parlor staff gather around a small tv behind the counter . Jimmy crane he neck but can not see what 's on it . hoffa what be it ? he get up to see what 's go on . the attorney and chuckie and Frank follow he to the counter and see on the tv that John Kennedy have be shot in Dallas . Frank be stunne . the ice cream parlor worker and patron start cry . Jimmy and he attorney do not . ext . teamster 's wxdc headquarters - day - 1963 a solemn day . the city 's flag be at half - staff include the Capitol dome . as Jimmy , Frank and Bill emerge from the teamster 's headquarters building , Jimmy 's trial put on hold by the assassination , a news crew intercept he . reporter Mr. hoffa , will you be attend the president 's funeral ? hoffa I be not invite . reporter you do not have to be invite . a million Americans will be there . hoffa in that case , I need to check my schedule . Jimmy continue toward he wait car , trail by the news crew . reporter if you be to go , and be ask to speak , what would you say ? 68 hoffa I would say Bobby Kennedy be just another lawyer now . Jimmy look up and see that like all the other flag in the nation , the flag above teamster 's headquarters be at half -staff . hoffa ( into the building ) sonofabitch . ext . teamster 's wxdc headquarters - roof - day hoffa supervise guard and building workmen as they busily haul the flutter star and stripe back to the top of the flag pole . Frank and Bill bufalino just watch . tv image - NOV . 25 , 1963 the slain president 's solemn funeral procession that Jimmy be not part of . frank v/o Jimmy be right . almost . after the assassination , Bobby 's own vendetta against everybody stop . int . courtroom - nashville - day - 1964 Jimmy stand before the judge and jury . Frank watch from he usual spot behind Jimmy in the gallery . frank v/o but the prosecutor just keep come . a year after Dallas , while Bobby be run for the New York Senate , the government still bring a jury tamper and fraud case against he . judge Mr. hoffa , most defendant who stand before this court for sentencing have either violate the property rights or personal rights of other individual . ( more ) 69 judge ( cont 'd ) you stand here convict of have tampere with the very soul of this nation . int . prosecutor neal 's office - day hoffa 's prosecutor Jim Neal , reporter , the judge , FBI agent , and Ed partin , the teamster who wear the wire against hoffa , be all celebrate they victory at hoffa 's conviction in Neal 's tiny office . ext . pennsylvania - day - 1967 a prison bus roar past on highway 15 . ext . lewisburg federal penitentiary - day - 1967 the black bus pull past the gate of the penitentiary . int . lewisburg penitentiary - day - 1967 Jimmy hoffa - inmate no. 33298-ne - be fingerprinted and photograph and give a blue denim prison uniform . int . silver shop - pittsburgh , PA - day - 1975 as a shopgirl wrap the sterling silver gift irene and carrie have choose in silver wedding paper , Russell talk with the store owner with Frank at he side - bufalino you know , everybody like to shop in you store but you son be '' s'feigatta . '' he 's act wild . you can not control he , you know , there 's nobody 's go to want to come into you shop anymore . and that 's not good for you and it 's not good for I , it 's not good for anybody . you gotta , you gotta , take control of this kid . int . visitors room - lewisburg - day - 1967 a glass partition separate Jimmy from he lawyer Bill bufalino and he pension fund lawyer , allen dorfman . they be on the visitor phone . 70 frank v/o Jimmy set it all up . fitz be run thing alright , but that be for show . fitz get he order from Jimmy through Bill and Allen dorfman who run Jimmy 's loan . hoffa where be he ? he 's late . Bill and dorfman look at the ceiling . finally Frank '' fitz '' fitzsimmon come in and sit down next to Bill and dorfman , take a phone . fitz sorry I be late . we have get a lot go on . frank V / o fitz 's main qualification be he be weak . Jimmy could control he . he like to drink and play golf and that be about it . ext . golf course - day - 1966 fitzsimmon whacks a golf ball off a tee . the other golfer in he group be mobster , include tony pro . frank v/o as much as Jimmy be get piss at fitz , everybody else like he , cause they get thing out of fitz they could never get out of Jimmy . it 's what happen when you go away . int . villa DI roma - night - 1967 Russell at dinner with Frank . bufalino we like fitz , but Jimmy 's get that ball busting dorfman hold up loan that fitzie already okay . and that dorfman 's one tough Jew . which Frank take as he order to get rid of dorfman . he nod , he 'il take care of it . frank so ... uh ... 71 bufalino no. no. just put a firecracker up dorfman 's ass . that 's all . fitz will get the message . if you do it to fitz , that lush would run to the fed and screw everything up . ext . allen dorfman 's house - chicago - day - 1967 a garage door open automatically . Allen dorfman 's cadillac back out . the window of the caddie suddenly explode from shotgun blast . hole erupt in the body of the car . dorfman yank the glove compartment open to get to he gun as the shotgun blast keep pock the car . tire screech and then it 's silent . dorfman poke he head up to see a lincoln drive off , not quite believe he 's not dead . ext . wrecking yard - day - 1967 the cadillac be destroy . dorfman be fine and do not even look that concerned anymore , though fitz do as he nervously regards the shot - up car . frank v/o fitz get the message . he be terrify . after that , anybody who want anything from the pension Fund get it . int . lewisburg penitentiary - day - 1967 Jimmy sit at a table by himself . a kitchen inmate make a special ice cream sundae . Jimmy turn to look around . frank v/o but in lewisburg , Jimmy have the other thing to be concerned about : the Little guy . 72 ext . pro 's miami house - day - 1966 as tony pro relax by the pool of he Miami house in short and unbuttone linen shirt , a drink and a cigar , play Greek rummy with some guy amidst statuary of wild animal and cherub and nude , some FBI agent approach with they badge out . frank v/o they get pro for extortion and give he seven year . and by now thing have get tense between he and Jimmy . int . lewisburg penitentiary - day - 1967 the kitchen inmate deliver the ice cream sundae to Jimmy at he table . hoffa this be a work of art , Pete . thank you . the kitchen inmate leave to let he enjoy it . Jimmy take a bite , savore the ice cream . but then , spoil the moment , pro sit at the table with he tray of food , in a prison uniform now instead of pool attire . pro I get to talk to you about a problem I get with my pension . hoffa I know . pro you know ? what do you know ? hoffa I know it 's a million - two and there 's a problem with it . pro so you will look into it for I . hoffa there 's nothing to look into . it 's what it be . pro what be it ? 73 hoffa you lose it . you forfeit it when you come here . pro your be forfeit , too ? hoffa no. pro can not imagine why he pension be go and Jimmy 's be not , but Jimmy do not elaborate , just eat he ice cream . eventually - pro your be still there . you million - five or whatever it be . hoffa uh-huh . pro we be both sit here . hoffa we be both sit here for different thing . you be sit here for extortion . I be sit here for fraud . pro so? hoffa so that 's the difference . pro what 's the difference . hoffa I do not threaten anybody , you do . pro so what ? that make no sense . hoffa it do if you think about it . pro it do not , but I do not want to debate . just do something about it . 74 hoffa there 's nothing I can do . pro there 's always something you can do . hoffa it 's Federal law . pro I do not care . you can still do something about it . hoffa I can not . what can I do . pro you can get I my fuckin money . hoffa how ? pro some other way . hoffa what way . pro the same way you get you money . hoffa I earn my money . pro you be here for fraud . you steal money . I steal money . okay , ina different way . fine. still . I want what I be owed . hoffa you people . pro what ? hoffa what ? pro what do you say ? 75 hoffa I can not help you . pro you people , you say . what do that mean , you people . hoffa I be do talk about this . pro you people ? Jimmy ignore he . eat he ice cream like pro 's not there . suddenly pro lunge across the table , and grab he . they tumble to the floor and fight until the guard get there to break it up . int . department of justice - 1967 as LBJ look on , ramsey Clark raise he right hand to be swear in as Attorney General . frank v/o with Bobby go , ramsey Clark get upped to Attorney General . int . villa DI roma - night - 1967 Frank , skinny , Russell and the rest of the regular be watch ramsey Clark question by a Senator on the bar tv . ramsey clark Public safety will not be find in wiretapp . Security be to be find in excellence in law enforcement , in court and in correction - not wiretapp . nothing so mock privacy as the wiretap and electronic surveillance . they be incompatible with a free society . senator so in you judgment , the enactment of this bill will in no way affect you department 's war on organize crime ? ramsey clark that 's correct . 76 cheer erupt , glass be lift , the mobster shouting ' to pamsey , 's and , ' we love you , pamsey . 's bufalino you know what this mean . we can speak English on the phone again . ext . rural ohio - day - 1975 the lincoln fly past a highway sign : Columbus 64 , dayton 86 , Detroit 272 . ext . gas station - rural ohio - day - 1975 Russell in a phone booth talk to someone . Frank pay a attendant for gas and get a receipt , glance over there . the wife off smoking by the highway of this gas station with nothing else around it . int . villa DI roma - night - 1972 Frank and Russell at Russell 's usual table . bufalino that crazy bastard think he can do that right there in Columbus Circle in front of 5,000 people and get away with it ? that 's not right . you hear I frankie ? frank v/o he be right . who else run around with show business people like he 's errol Flynn , get he picture in the papers , draw attention to everybody . int . senate chamber - day - 1958 flashback unlike every other organize crime figure the mcclellan Committee have drag in , Joe gallo have go out of he way to look the part - black shirt , slicked - back hair , dark glass , pinky ring , smoking a cigarette - play to the news camera during he testimony . frank v/o he be know downtown as '' joey the blonde '' , but everybody , especially the newspaper , call he '' crazy Joe '' . 77 senator Mr. gallo , do you have a open statement ? gallo ( look down at the carpete ) yeah . this rug would be great for a crap game . int . assisted live facility - day - 2000 Frank sit where we leave he . frank right then , you know it be all gonna fall apart . ext . the copa - night - 1972 crazy Joe get out of a car with he new young wife , actor friend , and bodyguard Pete the Greek . flashbulb pop . he sign a couple of autograph . he joke with that on line as he and he entourage enter sweep in by copa doormen . frank ( in sync ) he go against everything and he do not give a damn . grow up , he kidnap he own boss . I do not even know how he live after that . when he go away he recruit black guy instead of he own kind , and when he get out , nobody know what he be do or who he be do it with . ext . columbus circle - day - flashback - 1971 a italian - american Unity Day rally . 5,000 people . italian flag , american flag . italian - american Civil rights League sign and button . frank ( in sync ) you do not like what he 's do ? say something ... as Joe Colombo get up to speak at the podium , a black man walk up and shoot he in front of he family , and be in turn shot by Colombo 's man . 78 frank ( in sync ) --- and see what happen . int . the copa - night - 1972 a italian - american Civil rights League pin with a diamond in it , wear by Russell , who 's with Frank at a table . don rickles be in the middle of a set . bufalino who do that ? I tell you who do that . nobody . like he and oswald , that 's it . and even in Dallas it be just Jackie there , not the kid . don rickles -..- that 's how I get hire . I work everybody . I work Jews . I work black . I work gypsy . I work italian . ( see gallo ) uh oh ! ( point ) not that italian . ( wave ) hiya ! joey ! hiya ! cent’anni ! l’chaim ! au salud ! ( aside to crowd ) I be tell to be very careful of what I say . gallo feign anger and grab a champagne bottle from a bucket and pretend to throw it . don rickles ( hand in prayer ) no! please . it 's okay , joey , I get the money . do not shoot I . madonna mia. maaa ! maaaaa ! gallo laugh and put the bottle back . don rickles ( wave shyly ) happy birthday , joey . int . the copa - later - night - 1972 the show 's over . gallo walk past Russell 's table . Frank be stand by Russell . gallo nod respectfully . Russell raise a glass . 79 gallo hey Russ , ( tap Russell 's pin ) what be you do with that ? you really believe in that bullshit league ? frank joey , that 's nothing to talk about here . gallo what ? frank he 's a boss . gallo ( laugh ) so he 's a boss . so be I a boss . we be all suppose to be brother . frank joey , let 's not have a beef . gallo walk off . Russell look at Frank look at joey . int . a room - somewhere - night - 1972 various caliber of pistol laid out on a bed . frank v/o for something like this you want two gun : the one you intend to use , and a backup . Frank regards the gun while the man who gather they - red-haire John Francis - wait . frank v/o you want something with more stop power than a .22 . ( move the .22 aside ) you certainly do not want a silencer . you want noise to send the witness run so they be not look at you . ( move the silencer aside ) but not the noise a .45 make that you could hear in a patrol car block away . ( move the .45 aside ) ( more ) 80 frank v/o ( cont 'd ) the cop call a .32 a woman 's gun because it 's easier to handle and do not do the damage a .38 do , but it do enough . he pick up a .32 anda .38 . ext . new york - night - april 7 , 1972 Little Italy on a mid-even spring night . frank v/o it would be late so the tourist from Idaho would be in bed . and be in Little Italy would relax he . we - we Pov - find and enter umberto 's clam House - int . umberto 's clam house - night - 1972 the Pov regards the interior - the two entrance on Mulberry and hester - the arrangement of table - like make a mental diagram of the place . frank v/o it be he birthday , so he would be there with he wife and kid , which in this case , be the point . they should have to see what it 's like . a waiter come past with plate of spaghetti with clam sauce . frank v/o he would have some champagne in he , which would slow he down a little . the Pov find the only empty table , a reserve card on it . frank v/o his bodyguard would be with he , and he himself might be carry too , but it have probably be in the wife 's purse . ext . new york CITY - night - 1972 John Francis 's car , head into Manhattan . 81 frank v/o you never get a lot of advance notice . and all you know be you part of it , since three people can keep a secret only if two of they be dead . int . JOHN francis 's car - moving - night - 1972 Frank and John Francis , not talk as John drive . frank v/o John the redhead only know he be go to drop I off , circle the block , and pick I up . ext . little italy - night - 1972 it 's 4:00 be . umberto 's clam House be the only place open this late . crazy joey 's lincoln pull up in front . he climb out with he wife sina , she 12 - year- old daughter Lisa , he sister , and he bodyguard . frank v/o you want to take out the body - guard first . not kill he , just disable he . you get no argument with he , so not in the face or chest . the gallos and the bodyguard disappear into umberto 's . frank v/o sometimes with something like this you want to go to the bathroom first . John Francis pull the car to the curb a block away . Frank get out and the car pull away . frank v/o it give you a chance to make sure nobody follow you in . it also give you a chance to make sure nobody 's in the bathroom you have to worry about . Frank walk toward umberto 's clam House . 82 frank v/o it also give you a chance to go to the bathroom . you do not want to be uncomfortable . Frank open the Mulberry Street door of umberto 's - frank v/o but I go before and in a place this small , this late , you may as well just get to work . int / ext . umberto 's clam house - night - 1972 Frank step inside . Notes the bodyguard at one table , and gallo , he wife and sister and the little girl at another . Frank walk toward the table and shoot Pete the Greek in the thigh with the .38 . gallo 's wife and sister dive for cover , pull the girl down with they . gallo push away from the table . Frank fire , hit he in the elbow . as he run for the door , Frank shoot he in the back . he collapse on the sidewalk and Frank put two more in he , then walk up the block just as John Francis pull around it . he get in the car . ext . yonkers - later - dawn - 1972 Frank throw the .38 into the Hudson while John Francis wait in the car . int . frank 's house - morning - 1972 a tv report on the hit at umberto 's . Frank 's not watch it , he 's make cornflake . dolore 0 /s Peggy , let 's go . Frank turn and see Peggy , now about 22 , behind he . neither say anything about the news report or anything else . she just leave . int . coffee shop - ohio - day - 1975 Frank wash he hand in the man 's room . come out and past Russell on a pay phone . 83 he can not be sure but it seem Russell maybe stop talk to whoever he 's talk to until Frank be out of earshot . he join irene and carrie at a table . int . lewisburg penitentiary - day - 1972 Jimmy be escort down the cell block by guard . frank v/o what can I say . the guy organize a prison . give he six more month in there and he would have get they a pension plan . ext . lewisburg penitentiary - day - 1972 Jimmy 's lawyer , Bill bufalino , stand with he client before reporter and photographer as he 's release from prison . hoffa the first thing I be go to do be register with the Federal probation Office , as I be require to do . then I be go down to Florida with my wife to get some sun . reporter any plan after that ? hoffa yeah . take back control of my union . ext . lum - miami - day - 1972 Frank wait at the pick - up counter of a hotdog place . a tv by the grill - like every tv in America - report on the arrest of burglar at the watergate . frank v/o and the first thing I do be pick we up some chili dog from lum , which Jimmy love almost as much as ice cream . Frank watch as he order be be cook . 84 frank v/o the secret be they steam they in beer . there 's not a better hotdog in America . int . jimmy 's condo - miami - day - 1972 the watergate break - in report on the tv here , too , as Frank and Jimmy eat they chili dog . but Jimmy 's less interested in that than the current teamster newsletter he 's read . jo , just in from the pool , be make herself some lunch . hoffa what be I go to do with fitz . he toss the newsletter to Frank . a cover photo show fitzsimmon accept some award . hoffa ( cont 'd ) he actually think he run thing ? I appoint he ! he do not win any election ! now he think he 's somebody ? accept fuckin award ? jo come over with she lunch to join they . frank he 's very popular with certain people . hoffa of course he be ! he loan money to every goombah who ask . if the bank do that - can you imagine ? - we would have a financial crisis . frank it do not matter . you run against fitz and you win hand down . jo you have get the Southwest and Central local lock up . all you need be enough vote in the Northeast and you can win it all . frank ( to jo , offer she a chili dog as hoffa continue to talk ) sure you do not want one ? 85 jo no . no thanks . hoffa yeah , I just can not believe I have get to go to that prick tony pro to get they . Frank nod , but he silence say something . hoffa what . frank like I say , fitz be popular . hoffa wiseguy do not run this union ! frank with fitz , they do . jo but once you be back as President you can fire anybody , right ? you can even fire tony pro . hoffa that 's right . jo you can even watch he clean out he desk so he do not steal the pencil . hoffa ( to Frank ) see that . everybody think she 's the nice one and that I be the bad guy . ( kiss she cheek ) it 's just the opposite . I be the nice guy and she 's the killer . I hate I gotta deal with that cocksucker - he 's fuck everything up . flashcut to tony pro attack Jimmy over the ice cream in the prison cafeteria - and right back here , to the condo - 86 hoffa i_know that cocksucker be campaigning for fitz on the sly . frank it 's because of he pension . hoffa because of the pension he do not deserve . frank he still get a lot of vote over there . hoffa because of I ! I give he that power ! now I get to make peace with the cocksucker ? I gotta ask he to endorse I ? I hate the idea of that . frank without pro 's local , fitz lose . jo there 's no doubt about that . Jimmy try to picture sit down with pro , and it 's enough to ruin he otherwise nice lum 's lunch . hoffa if I sit down with he , would you come along ? frank of course . int . private club - miami - day - 1972 Frank and Jimmy wait at a table for tony pro to show up . Jimmy check he watch . look at Frank . hoffa fuck it . let 's go . frank let 's give he a few more minute . hoffa this be not right . you do not do this . you do not make a man wait . 87 frank I know . hoffa the only time you do be when ? when you want to say something . when you want to say , fuck you . that 's the only time . Frank nod . they wait , Jimmy get madder by the second . finally , a white cadillac pull up out front and pro , wear short and a short - sleeve shirt , come in with he cousin- in - law ' tony Jack 's giacalone , who , unlike pro , be wear enough clothes to conceal a piece , and join Jimmy and Frank at the table . pro can you believe this weather ? people be freezing to death in New York and look at we . it 's 80 outside . it 's perfect . why we do not live here year - round be what I want to know . hoffa it 's summer . pro what ? hoffa it 's summer . people be not freezing to death in New York . pro in my mind it 's always 8 degree in New York . I be make a point . Jimmy regards pro 's casual attire and he tan . hoffa this be how you dress for a meeting ? pro ( be : hoffa 's clothes ) this be how you dress in Florida ? in a suit ? hoffa for a meeting , if it 's Florida or timbuktu . and you be late . 88 pro what ? hoffa you be late . pro there be traffic . hoffa I have never be late for a meeting in my life . pro ( to he cousin- in - law ) be not there traffic ? tony jack there be . hoffa I have never wait for anybody who 's late more than ten minute . pro I would say fifteen . Fifteen be right . hoffa no. ten. pro I do not think so . ten be not enough . you have to take traffic into account . hoffa that be take traffic into account . that 's why it 's ten . pro I still say fifteen . hoffa ten. pro Fine . we disagree on that . hoffa more than ten be say something . be you say something to I . 89 pro I be here . that say what it say . what can I do for you ? Jimmy can barely think straight as mad as he be about pro be late , but eventually collect himself . hoffa I want to ask you for you endorsement ( for ) - pro wait , before you tell I , let 's get the other thing straighten out . hoffa I can not do anything about you pension . not with fitz in there . with fitz there , you should talk to fitz about it . pro I do . he say he will take care of it . no question ask . you would not do that , but he will . I mean the other thing . hoffa the other thing . pro you know . hoffa I do not know . pro you apology . hoffa my apology . for what . pro for what you say when you be sit there eat you fuck ice cream like some fuck king . that be a ethnic slur - '' you people . '' Jimmy just look at he . then - 90 hoffa I nil apologize for that - after you apologize for be late - you mother fuck wop cocksucker . now pro just look at Jimmy while Frank shake he head wearily . eventually - pro I ’‘1l apologize for be late - after I kidnap you granddaughter , rip she gut out and send they to you in a fuckin envelope . Jimmy go for he . Frank and tony Jack try to pull they apart - like the guard do in the prison cafeteria - but , just like then , it be not easy . int . car —- moving - miami - day Frank drive Jimmy back to he condo after the disaster with pro . they drive in silence . then - hoffa you think Russell would do something about the Little guy ? frank that would be complicated . hoffa I know , but maybe you could talk to he . have a conversation . see what he say . ext . harlem - night - 1972 Frank and Russell climb out of Frank 's car and head for a storefront on 115th Street - the palma boy Social Club - outside which some genovese guy hang out . int . palma boy social club - night - 1972 Frank and Russell share a table with Anthony fat tony salerno . salerno I do not approve of what pro say to Jimmy . who talk like that about a man 's grandchild ? that 's not right . ( more ) 91 salerno ( cont 'd ) but pro be not nobody , Jimmy know that . I be not go to tell he what he can and can not say . bufalino he 's very upset , I understand . salerno I be sure he be . but Jimmy say thing too he should not sometimes . somebody should calm he down . Frank look to Russell . frank I do not know what to tell he to calm he down . salerno I do not know if it will calm he down but you can tell he I always like he and will not stand in he way try to get he job back . int . hoffa 's DC HOTEL room - day - 1972 the tv be on , but Jimmy and Frank be not watch it . hoffa that do not calm I down . not stand in my way be not the same as do something about a fuck out of control lunatic . frank he 's not nobody , the Little guy . hoffa he 's a cocksucker . fitz be a cocksucker . i’11 deal with both this cocksucker myself . ext . teamster 's wxdc headquarters - day - 1973 Jimmy , always a magnet for reporter , stand outside what use to be he office building , give a televise interview . 92 hoffa this use to be my office . Frank fitzsimmon travel around the country to every goddamn golf course there be . who be he to run around with Nixon and the Attorney General ? ext . golf course - day - 1973 fitz play golf with Richard Nixon , John Mitchell and tony pro . hoffa ( overlap ) he do this and collect a full - time salary . how do you do that ? there 's not enough hour in a day . I go to prison for fraud ; this be fraud what he 's do . ext . detroit river marina - day - 1973 a man and he wife walk along a dock carry fishing tackle and a cooler . frank v/o fitz respond to Jimmy by send a message to Jimmy 's old friend , Dave Johnson . as they near they 45 - foot cabin cruiser , it suddenly blow up - int . hoffa 's DC HOTEL room - night - 1973 a report on the tv show the aftermath of the Dave Johnson boat bombing . to Frank - hoffa this be how fitz say he want Dave to step down so he son can run local 299 ? by blow up Dave 's boat ? this be how I say no to Little fitz . ext . nemo 's bar - detroit - evening - 1973 fitz and he adult son Richard come out of nemo 's bar . as they walk toward Little fitz 's white lincoln , it blow up , knock they both off they foot . 93 int . local 299 - detroit - day - 1973 josephine hoffa put personal item from she desk into a file box . hoffa ( overlap ) this be how Big fitz say he do not like who I say run the 299 ? ext . local 299 , detroit - day - 1973 she put the file box in the trunk of she car and climb in behind the wheel . hoffa ( overlap ) firing my wife from she forty - eight - fuck - thousand - dollar - a year union job ? her hand shake as she turn the key in the ignition , but the car do not blow up . int . hoffa 's DC HOTEL room - night - 1973 Jimmy pace back and forth , a ginger ale in he hand , pay no attention to the watergate hearing on the tv . hoffa Fine . fuck they all . Frank be a little distract by the watergate witness . E. Howard hunt accord to the tv chyron . hoffa what be you look at . frank it 's Big ear . hoffa what ? who ? his ear do not look so big . int . television studio - day - 1973 Jimmy be the guest on a news program . hoffa Frank fitzsimmon have sell this union out to he underworld pal . ( more ) 94 hoffa ( cont 'd ) the mob control he , which mean it control we pension Fund . I be talk about a billion dollar in low and no- interest loan this man have give to know racketeer for they illegal enterprise . not anymore . it 's time the rat abandon ship . int . palma boy social club - day - 1973 salerno , Russell and Frank at salerno 's table again . salerno be he serious ? bufalino he do not mean any of this . salerno maybe he get religion in prison . bufalino he do not . salerno people do . remember whisper . the other whisper . bufalino not Jimmy . it 's all for the publicity . he 's run for office . he 's put on a show . salerno I do not know . when I hear a thunder stampede I think of get run over by hoof . maybe he mean what he say . bufalino he 's campaigning . he will say anything . salerno I do not care . I do not like it . it 's no good . talk like that . maybe he should cash in that pension and spend more time with he grandchild . like the last time , salerno look to Frank . 95 salerno Word should get back to he . int . hoffa 's DC HOTEL room - night - 1973 hoffa who say that ? frank it do not matter . it be say . hoffa be it Russell ? frank no. hoffa be it the Little cocksucker from the Miami fiasco ? frank no. hoffa then who . frank the other tony . hoffa which other tony ? they be all name tony . what 's the matter with italian - they can only think of one name . frank salerno . that tony mean something to Jimmy . it give he pause . but not enough to convince he to change what he 's do . hoffa I do not care who say it , they be not go to shut I up . somebody can tell he that . int . palma boy social club - night - 1973 back at the same table with salerno and Russell . fat tony look at Frank - 96 salerno he say that ? ( Frank nod ) before he say thing like that , he should remember : crazy Joe like to make a lot of noise too . somebody should tell he that . int . hoffa 's DC HOTEL room - night - 1973 Jimmy eat some room service ice cream . watergate hearing on the tv . hoffa he say that ? this fuckin guinea say that ? that do it . I be never retire . somebody can tell he that . frank I have , Jimmy . over and over . hoffa then there 's nothing more to talk about . let I enjoy my ice cream . Jimmy spoon at he ice cream . Frank glance at the tv , though not really to watch it . eventually - hoffa what . frank what ? hoffa you be think something . what be it ? frank it 's not the right time . hoffa what be not . frank ( pause ) the local 's put together a testimonial dinner for I . I be think of ask if you might present the award . 97 hoffa who 's go to be there ? frank everybody . hoffa tony , tony , tony and tony . frank ( nod ) everybody from downtown . Jimmy know he will not exactly be safe at a place with '' everybody '' there . frank it 's not a good idea right now . I understand . hoffa no , I do not give a fuck who 's there . they be not go to keep I away from you big night . this cocksucker . you deserve this . I have be honore . I ’1l1 be there . Jimmy think about it a moment longer , then glance to the tv . John Dean testify , he wife sit stoically behind he . hoffa good look broad , that Mo Dean . ext . the latin casino - new jersey - night - 1973 the vegas-style supper club look like it be pluck off fremont Street and drop here , but in fact be just move five mile from Philly across the delaware River . usually it 's someone like Al martino or Dean Martin or liberace on the marquee , but tonight it read : ' Frank sheeran appreciation night . 's int . the latin casino - night - 1973 we come past a poster on a easel with Frank 's picture on it and make we way into a banquet room , past a open bar , follow waiter serve dinner to 1,500 people . at the microphone - 98 mccullough we have get a great turnout for Frank tonight , because Frank 's a man with a lot of friend . from he army buddy who fight with he in Italy under General George patton , to the driver , national organizer , business agent , local president , joint council chairmen and regional trustee . tonight , we be all '' Friends of Frank 's " '' , like naacp president , cecil Moore ; District Attorney , emmett fitzpatrick ; Philadelphia Mayor , Frank rizzo ... as he continue introduce the dignitary on the dais with Frank , a title come up on screen -— roofer Union President John McCullough , shot six time in the head in he kitchen , 1980 . mccullough and of course , we feature speaker , James riddle hoffa . meanwhile , outside , in the tree , we have get the FBI . int . the latin casino - continued - 1973 waiter set down plate of prime rib in front of - Russell , angelo bruno , tony salerno and tony pro and they wife at one table . skinny and other mid-level Philly guy and they wife at another . Frank 's wife irene and he four grow daughter at another table with Jimmy 's wife jo and theirs , Barbara and James P. hoffa , and foster son chuckie - irene and jo marvel at how big each other 's kid have get . Russell and salerno regard Jimmy cut into he prime rib on the dais next to Frank . salerno he 's not even the goddamn president and he 's hold up people 's loan . 99 bufalino we sure ? how ? salerno he 's use he pension fund trustee - he guy to hold back loan for a new hotel in New Orleans for carlos and loan to build up caesar 's on the Strip . bufalino what about fitz ? he 's gotta be able to help . salerno the money come through the trustee . they gotta sign off . they be suppose to rubber stamp whatever fitz say , except Jimmy 's get a couple of they to stop rubber stamp . bufalino Son of a bitch . salerno he say to somebody , once fitz be out and he 's in , he 's go to call in old loan . Real estate , casinos , whatever it be , you do not pay he the full thing and interest in two second , he 's take they over . bufalino he say that ? salerno who do he think he be , castro ? hoffa can not hear what they be say down there , but do not shy from look they in the eye when they look up at he . int . the latin casino - later - night - 1973 as dessert be serve , a line of fishnet - stockinge dancer high - kick on stage . Peggy , at the sheeran family table , glance from the dancer to a corner of the room Russell have find where he can speak to Jimmy in confidence . 100 bufalino I do not understand why you be do this . you do not need the money . hoffa it 's not about money . bufalino then I do not understand what all this talk be about . hoffa it 's my union . bufalino I do not know . it seem maybe it 's about something else . nothing from Jimmy . bufalino some people - not I - be a little concerned . some people - not I - feel you - might be - hoffa might be - bufalino demonstrate a failure to show appreciation . hoffa I be not show appreciation ? bufalino some people - not I - might think so . hoffa I go to school for five fuckin year . I do not name one fuckin name . bufalino I know . Jimmy glance over to where tony pro be talk to salerno at he table . 101 hoffa I have to sit there listen to that whining cocksucker from New Jersey when all I want be to eat my ice cream in peace . bufalino I know . hoffa this cocksucker show up to a meeting fifteen minute late in fuck short . who wear short to a meeting ? bufalino I know . hoffa I be not show appreciation ? bufalino accord to some people - not I . hoffa fuck they . nobody threaten hoffa . as Jimmy walk away , everything in room slow down . from the dais , Frank watch , more than a little concerned . frank v/o Jimmy should not have walk away first . he should have let Russell walk away . Russell just stand there , look after Jimmy , no doubt think the same thing . int . the latin casino - later - night - 1973 Russell , salerno and pro watch Jimmy up at the podium , finish he presentation to Frank - hoffa Frank have devote he life to this union . as a driver , as a organizer , as a mediator - he 's be tireless in he service to the work man and woman of this country . ( more ) 102 hoffa ( cont 'd ) he also hold a record you may not know , which I do not think anybody will ever beat : most arrest on a picket line - 26 time in 24 hour - beat my record ! the guest applaud and laugh . hoffa I have know Frank a long time . I respect he . I rely on he . he be a union man to he bone , and he 's my friend . I be honore to present this award - and this beautiful watch - to Frank sheeran . Frank join he at the podium as everyone applaud . Jimmy strap a gold diamond - encrust watch on he wrist , pat he on the back , turn the microphone over to he . frank thank you , Jimmy . thank you all . thank you to my wife irene and my lovely daughter , maryanne , dolore , connie - Peggy - for put up with I all this year . Three of he daughter be smile . Peggy be not . frank and to Jimmy . I can not tell you what this mean to I to get this honor from you . Jimmy 's the only guy to get the job do and I promise all my support and help to you , Jimmy . ( mild applause ) Russ bet I I be go to mess up my speech ... so all I can say be , thank you all from the bottom of my heart . I know I do not deserve all this tonight . but I have bursitis and I do not deserve that either . ( laugh ) see Russ , I do not mess up my speech . everyone laugh . 103 int . the latin casino - later - night - 1973 a photographer motion Frank and Jimmy to stand together for a picture - hoffa look at all this people who come out for you . even the mayor . I truly have no idea you be this strong . frank it 's a free steak and a open bar . hoffa no , they be here for you , my friend . the camera flash . photographer couple more , please . frank I be sorry pro 's here . hoffa you have no control over that . the camera flash . hoffa I really do appreciate all the support you have give I , Frank . I mean it . it 's not just word . I be glad you be on my side . Frank force a smile for the photographer as the camera flash again take a photo of Frank with Jimmy , another with cecil Moore , another with Mayor rizzo , another with Jimmy 's kid . int . the latin casino - later - night - 1973 Jerry vale 's sing ' Spanish eye 's as couple dance . Jimmy 's dance with Frank 's daughter Peggy , and each time they turn , she look over at - Russell and salerno look right at she - or rather at Jimmy - as they quietly converse at they table . salerno do not look happy , get up and leave , follow by pro. 104 int . the latin casino - later - night - 1973 back at the sheeran family table , Peggy 's watch she father with Russell who have find a semi-private spot to talk across the room . bufalino I do not want to do this in front of everybody . he hand Frank a small jewelry box . Inside it , Frank find a gold ring with a gold coin on top . bufalino only three people in the world have one of this , and only one of they be irish . I have one . angelo . and now you . ( pause ) you know what this mean . Frank do . it 's as close to a make - man any non- italian will ever get . frank I do not know what to say . bufalino put it on . let 's see if it fit . Frank slip the ring on . it fit . Jerry vale start another song . bufalino there 's something else . it just get out of hand with you friend . some people have a serious problem with he . talk to you friend . tell he , it 's what it be . Frank be not sure he hear right . frank it 's what it be ? bufalino yeah . talk to he . frank I 'il do my best . you know yourself , Russ ; he 's tough to talk to . 105 bufalino he 's get no choice . it come from high up . frank Jimmy 's pretty high up himself . bufalino you be dream , my friend . if they can take out the President they can take out the president of a union . and , as it 's suppose to work , Russell walk away first . int . the latin casino - later - night - 1973 as the dance continue , Frank and Jimmy , off by themselves , talk . frank I just speak to Russell . he just speak to tony . he mean what he 's say . hoffa who? Russell ? frank tony . hoffa well , I mean what I say . he can not seem to get that through he fat fuckin sicilian head . Jimmy notice how ashen - face Frank look . hoffa do not look so concerned . frank I be a little concerned . hoffa they should be concerned , not you . frank they be . they be more than a little concerned . there 's widespread concern . ( more ) 106 frank ( cont 'd ) tony tell Russell to tell I to tell you what it be . Jimmy look at Frank a bit stunne finally . hoffa they would not dare . frank do not say that , Jimmy . hoffa something funny happen to I , I get stuff ready to go . to the press . to the right people . they do something to I , something be gonna be do to they , and that guinea motherfucker know that . they know I know thing that I know . they know I know thing they think I do not know . frank Jimmy , what be I suppose to do . I get to go back and tell the old man - what . that you be still not listen to he ? he be not use to people not listen to he . hoffa neither be I . Frank have run out of way to make he see . frank then I do not know , you should maybe keep some body around for protection . hoffa I be not go that route , they could go after my family . you should keep some body around , they could go after you since you be with I . Frank be not sure who he 's with anymore , so catch in the middle . hoffa tell Russ I get nothing but respect for he . I would never hurt he . but this be my union . 107 Jimmy leave he to go to the sheeran family table . hoffa you know what I love , Peggy ? peggy Ice cream . hoffa more than ice cream . you . let 's dance . int . the latin casino - later - 1973 Jimmy dance with Peggy . Frank , at he family 's table now , watch they , a more- than -a- little - concerned look on he face , though Peggy , notice it , can not imagine why . int . assisted live facility - day - 2000 the same concerned look on Frank 's face here . then - frank the wedding be all well and good , but the real point of we trip to Detroit be a peace mission . ext . gas station - ohio - day - 1975 a attendant check the oil . the woman be buy cigarettes from a machine while Russell busy some candy from another . Frank 's make a call in a phone booth . intercut with Jimmy at he Lake orion house outside Detroit . frank I be with the old man . we be drive up . he hope this thing can be work out . hoffa what have he say ? frank he say let 's work this thing out . sit down after the wedding and work it out . 108 hoffa I be not go to the wedding . too many people I do not like be go to be there . frank we could do it at you place if you want . hoffa at the lake , huh . frank or anywhere . hoffa from day one I want to work this out . frank I know . hoffa from day fuck one . frank I know . hoffa just you two , right ? not the Little guy . frank of course the Little guy . hoffa no . just the three of we . frank there 's no point just the three of we . hoffa I be not sit down with that cocksucker . frank it 's time to sit down , Jimmy . everybody say so . hoffa not with he . 109 frank you be make I work hard . hoffa just we . Jimmy hang up . Frank let himself out of the booth . Russell come over unwrap a candy bar . bufalino what have he say ? frank he 's think about it . bufalino that 's good . that 's progress . you want half of this milky Way ? ext / int . howard johnson 's - ohio - day - 1975 the sheeran and bufalinos check into a Howard Johnson 's motel . int . howard johnson 's - ohio - later - day - 1975 Russell hang up a pay phone and cross a patio past irene and carrie wading in the pool with swim cap on to where Frank 's at a patio table with a tab , sit . bufalino you should give Jimmy another call , do not you think ? see if he 's think about it . int . howard johnson 's - ohio - later - day - 1975 Frank on the same pay phone near the pool Russell be on , again intercut with Jimmy at he Lake orion house - hoffa when you get in ? frank tomorrow morning . hoffa good . I change my mind about the other thing . 110 frank you do ? hoffa I be meeting with the Little guy tomorrow afternoon . frank with the Little guy . hoffa tony Jack set it up . frank with the Little guy . where ? hoffa in public , where do you think . the Red Fox . on telegraph . you know it ? frank tony Jack be pro 's cousin . hoffa they be all fuck cousin , what be you go to do . but Jack 's okay . I talk with he several time after the fiasco - in - Miami . frank I would feel better if I be there . hoffa so would I , that 's why I ask when you be get in . frank what time 's the meeting ? hoffa 2:30 , and he better not be late . or wear fuckin short . frank the Red Fox . hoffa on telegraph . I x11 be there at 2 . so you should be there at 2 . frank I 's all be there at 2 . 111 hoffa good . Jimmy hang up . Frank hang up , a little puzzle about Jimmy 's change of heart . walk back to the patio table . bufalino what have he say ? frank he 's go to meet with pro . bufalino that 's good . frank tony Jack arrange it . bufalino that 's good . and that 's it . no other comment . which Frank find a little odd after all that 's go on with this . frank v/o maybe Jimmy be count on pro to act like pro so tony Jack could see Jimmy be reasonable and pro be unreasonable like in Miami , and tell salerno . int . howard johnson 's motel room - evening - 1975 Frank and irene change into something nice for dinner , like people use to do . frank v/o or maybe this wedding really be bring everybody together . there 's a knock on the door . Russell and carrie - dress nicely , too - Russell hold the bag with a loaf of prosciutto bread in it . as they all leave - frank v/o whatever it be , you have think Russell would have ask when the meeting be , where it be , whether he be suppose to come or not . something . the door close . we remain in the empty motel room . 112 frank v/o but he do not ask anything . int . italian restaurant - ohio - night - 1975 carrie and irene sit alone at the best table in the restaurant , sip cocktail and smoking like you use to be able to do . int . restaurant kitchen - same time - 1975 Russell , who own the place , or part of it , prepare he special salad dress in the restaurant 's kitchen , mixing olive oil , balsamic and ginger root , the loaf of prosciutto bread next to it . bufalino by the way , we get a little change in plan . we be go to hang around here tomorrow morning and drive up in the afternoon . frank I tell Jimmy we would be there in the morning . bufalino I know . frank that I have be at the meeting with he and pro. bufalino I know . Frank do okay not show it , but be reeling from Russell tell he he 's not go to let he be with Jimmy at the meeting . bufalino we do all we could for the man , cheech . Russell look to Frank for a nod that he understand , but Frank do not nod . Russell swirl the salad dress in the jar around and dip a finger in to taste it . bufalino do not call he . int . howard johnson 's motel room - night - 1975 Frank lie awake in bed next to he sleep wife , stare at the phone on the night stand next to he . int . howard johnson 's lobby - early morning — 113 Frank come down to the breakfast room . Russell be the only other guest there this early , fill a plastic bowl from a individual - serve box of cornflake . bufalino Morning . frank good morning . bufalino how would you sleep ? frank Fine . bufalino want some total ? frank okay . Russell prepare he a bowlful . bufalino we be go up to Port Clinton today . frank I think we be stay here . bufalino the woman be stay here . we will not be go long . Three hour top . they sit with they cornflake . Russell eat he . let he get soggy . frank what 's in Port Clinton ? bufalino a plane . Frank 114 frank a plane . ( Russell nod ) to where ? bufalino Detroit . this be not make any sense to Frank . frank we be go to Detroit now ? bufalino you be go to Detroit now . then you be come back . then we will take we time drive up there . Nice leisurely drive . and fuckin cigarette break . Frank have no idea what he 's talk about , but do not like it , whatever it be . bufalino I get to put you into the thing , Frank . otherwise you would never let it happen . and it 's gonna happen . Russell look at Frank like a father to a son . bufalino either way , Jimmy will be go , but this way , and it 's only out of respect for I they agree to it by the way , everything will be okay for you and irene , because you be with I . he eat he cornflake . int . lincoln - moving - highway 80 , ohio - day - 1975 as Frank drive , Russell sit in the passenger seat look placidly out at the scenery through he thick glass . ext . airstrip - port clinton - ohio - day - 1975 they drive onto a grass airstrip on the edge of Lake Erie where a small plane wait . Frank park , shut it off , leave the key in the ignition , get out . Russell stay in the car . 115 Frank climb the step of the plane and sit in one of its six seat . the pilot close the door without look at he and return to the cockpit . as the plane begin to taxi , Frank look out the window at the lincoln . ext . michigan - day - 1975 the plane descend over the north shore of Lake Erie . land on the pontiac airfield . the pilot lower the step and Frank climb out and walk to a park Ford that 's empty . he get in , find its key under the mat , start it up . int / ext . ford - michigan - moving - day - 1975 Frank drive along telegraph Road . open the glove compartment , note the little .22 in it , close it , see machus Red Fox restaurant up ahead , check the gold watch Jimmy present he with at the Latin Club : 2:05 . as he pass the Red Fox , he can see Jimmy sit in he green pontiac in the lot . int . hoffa 's car - parked - same time - 1975 Jimmy do not notice the Ford pass by . he 's look at he own watch , and beginning to get annoyed Frank be five minute late . ext . pontiac , michigan - day - 1975 Frank make a leave onto Seven mile Road . drive across a railroad bridge . then down a residential street with old modest house on half acre lot . he check a address scribble on a Howard Johnson 's napkin . pull over and regards a brick - and -shingle house . he note a buick park at the end of a single - lane driveway run alongside the house . open the glove box and take out the .22 . he get out of the car , shove the pistol in he back waist - band under he jacket , climb the step of the house and open the unlock front door - 116 int . house - pontiac - continuous - 1975 a man on he hand and knee look up at Frank through coke-bottle glass . sally bug hi , Frank . Sally have a matte-knife in he hand and use it to cut some linoleum he 's lay out on top of the wood floor of the entry . frank Sally . Frank survey the entry . then walk into the adjacent live room , glimpsing as he go two young italian guy in the kitchen down the hall , play card . Sally bug come over , part the live room blind and look out . sally bug chuckie 's late . frank v/o Jimmy 's son chuckie , he foster son , he be in the thing , too , but do not know it . Sally bug see a car pull to the curb . sally bug be that he ? it 's a maroon mercury Marquis with just the driver in it . Frank nod . frank v/o all chuckie know , he be pick up one of pro 's guy and I and we be all pick up he dad at the Red Fox for a meeting . chuckie get out of the car . leans against the car , wait , wear a wide - collare paisley shirt and gold chain . frank v/o he be in it , as you say , stupidly . ext . house - pontiac - moment later - 1975 117 Frank and Sally bug come out of the house and approach the mercury . sally bug I be Sally . chuckie hi. hi , Frank . frank chuckie . sally bug let 's go . I do not want you father yell at I for be late . you can sit in front , Frank . Frank do not want to sit in front . Sally bug , we may recall , strangle that poor teamster treasurer in a front seat . but Sally already have the car 's back door open and be slide in . sally bug the fuck be this ? chuckie what . sally bug it 's wet back here . chuckie I have a freeze fish I have to drop off to someone . sally bug a fish ? the seat be wet from a fish ? chuckie sorry . frank i’1l sit back there . sally bug no , no , no , it 's all right , you take the front . 118 as Frank reluctantly climb into the front passenger seat , Sally bug lay he handkerchief on the back seat and sit on it . int . MERCURY - moving - day - 1975 chuckie make a right off Seven mile Road onto telegraph . Frank be still uneasy , concerned Sally might strangle he from behind . sally bug what kind of fish . chuckie what ? sally bug what kind of fish . chuckie I do not know . a fish . to eat . sally bug you do not know what kind ? chuckie no. sally bug where would you get it ? chuckie at a fish place . Frank check he watch . it 's 2:40 . ext . machus red fox restaurant - day - 1975 Jimmy hang up a pay phone behind the restaurant and head for he pontiac . wearing a polo shirt and slack there 's no way he 's carry a piece . the mercury honk . Jimmy stare at it a moment , then come over . chuckie sorry I be late . hoffa late ? what the fuck you even do here ? who invite you ? sally bug hi , Jimmy . 119 hoffa who the fuck be you ? sally bug I be with pro. hoffa you be with pro . you be with this cocksucker who 's late again ? I be not wait for this cocksucker again . he be suppose to be here at 2:30 . it 's 2:40 . I do not wait for anybody more than ten minute . mother fuck cocksucker . sally bug he 's at the house . hoffa what house ? sally bug he 's with Russ . hoffa he 's with Russ ... what the fuck be go on here ? sally bug look who 's here . Jimmy lean down to see who 's in the passenger seat . frank hi , Jimmy . hoffa Frank . what the fuck 's go on here ? where be you ? you be suppose to be here at two . what be this ? frank Russell decide to come . but not here . he do not know the place . it 's not comfortable for he . hoffa mcgee be here ? in Detroit ? frank to help straighten all this out . that change thing . Jimmy relax a little . 120 sally bug we will bring you back after to get you car . Sally bug push open the back door for Jimmy to get in and the motion slow down - frank v/o no way in a million year Jimmy would ever get in a car with one of pro 's guy in it ... unless I be in it , too . which be why I be in it . I make it safe . the motion return to normal as Sally bug tap the seat next to he . sally bug there be a fish in here , but I clean it up . hoffa what ? sally bug chuckie have a fuckin fish in here , he do not even know what kind , but it 's okay now , I wipe it up . hoffa you put a fish in here ? in you car ? chuckie for Bobby holme . Bobby like fish . sally bug I clean it up , Jimmy . it 's all right . hoffa you clean it up , the fuck you know about fish ? you ever catch a fuck fish in you life ? sally bug no . hoffa then you do not know . 121 Jimmy glance off to he own car , then back to Frank again as if to say , promise I this be okay . frank it 's all right . Frank nod . Jimmy finally get into the back seat next to Sally . hoffa chuckie , never put a fish in you car , you will never get the smell out . unless it 's wrap up good . chuckie I know . the mercury pull out of the lot . int . chuckie 's MERCURY - moving - day - 1975 the mercury drive the same route Frank take earlier . hoffa Frank . you could not come by at 2:00 and tell I this ? I have to wait there forty minute like a fuckin moron ? frank I come as soon as I get in . hoffa you get in this morning . frank no. Russell have some business in Port Clinton this morning . hoffa this morning . okay . but it 's this afternoon . all due respect to Russ but nobody could come over at 2:00 and tell I it be 2:30 ? 2:40 ? at the very least ? ( like Sally 's not there ) and who the fuck be pro send a fuck errand boy . frank Sally 's not stay . 122 hoffa that 's right he 's not stay . but pro send he be the point I be make , when he should have come pick I up himself . ( to Sally ) can you even see out that glass ? sally bug I can see , Jimmy . ext . house - pontiac - continuous - 1975 the mercury pull into the driveway behind the buick and the Ford and idle . Jimmy and Frank get out . Sally bug come around and get into the passenger seat . as chuckie back the car out , Jimmy and Frank head for the house . Jimmy - as he always do with whoever he 's with - walk ahead . hoffa you get you friend with you ? glancing back , he see Frank touch the small of he back . hoffa good . you never know with this cocksucker , with or without Russ there . he open the front door and - int . house - pontiac - continuous - 1975 as soon as he 's inside , Jimmy know there 's a problem . he should hear voice - but it 's quiet . and there 's no one in the live room , which he can see from here in the entry . and there 's this badly - cut piece of linoleum under he foot . the motion slow to a stop . frank v/o he know right away what it be . five quick vignettes ( 1975 ) : a flurry of feather : tony pro with he racing pigeon on the roof of Union Hall in New Jersey - 123 a yankee game on a tv : tony salerno watch it in the palma boy Social Club in East harlem - a golf ball chip out of a sand trap : fitz and Nixon on a golf course in San clemente - Frank 's lincoln : Russell napping in the park car on the Port Clinton airstrip - reflection in the Howard Johnson 's pool . irene and carrie next to it on chaise lounge , smoking cigarettes - maybe put suntan lotion on each other . frank v/o just not my part of it . back to the house - the image unfreezing - 1975 hoffa let 's get out of here , Frank . as Jimmy bump past Frank to leave , grasp the knob of the door Frank just close , Frank shoot he twice behind he right ear . he slump to the floor . blood run onto the temporary linoleum . Frank glance down the hall to see if someone be go to come kill he now - which would not surprise he - but no one appear . Frank try to open the front door but Jimmy 's body be against it . he gently tug Jimmy away from it , get it open , wipe the .22 with a handkerchief and set it on Jimmy , wipe the door knob , and leave . ext . port clinton airstrip - later - day - 1975 the plane land , taxi to a stop . the pilot , again careful not to look at Frank , lower the step . Frank come down they and cross to the lincoln , where Russell be napping . Frank climb in , shut the door . Russell wake at the sound of it . just by look at Frank , he can tell the little errand in Detroit have be take care of . Frank start the car and they drive off to pick up they wife at the Howard johnson' . 124 int . church - detroit - next day - 1975 teamster lawyer Bill bufalino - who represent Frank against the meat pack company long ago - and hoffa in Nashville - escort he daughter down the aisle . the church be pack with friend and relative of the bride and groom , union and mob guy , Russell and carrie with Frank and irene . Frank just stare straight ahead . int . franks house - philadelphia - day - 1975 a tv broadcast a news report on hoffa 's disappearance . he 's be miss a couple day now . Frank come in from outside , take he coat off , regards the tv and he wife and daughter who be watch it . frank still no word ? irene shake she head no . Frank pour himself a drink . frank I should call jo . irene you have not call she yet ? Frank shake he head no . irene turn back to the tv report . Peggy do not . she study she father . peggy why . frank why what . peggy why have not you call she . the image of the family slow ... frank v/o maybe it be I look hard instead of worried . or that I should have be rush out to hurt somebody , and be not . whatever it be , she know . the image return to normal . frank I 'il call she now . 125 Peggy watch she father turn and head upstairs . frank ( in sync ) she stop talk to I that day . August 3rd , 1975 . int . assisted live facility - day - 2000 Frank look as thoughtful and concerned as he ever have . frank she 's get a good job and life outside Philly now but my daughter Peggy disappear from my life that day . int . franks house - day - 1975 alone in he bedroom , Frank sit on the edge of he bed dial a phone . he can hear the report from downstairs faintly up here as people who know nothing theorize about the disappearance . the call connect . frank jo ? it 's Frank . ( listen , nod ) whatever you need , anything I can do , I be here . she 's cry now . he put the receiver to he head like it 's a gun ... then back to he ear . frank it 's gonna be all right . I be sure he 's all right . ext . house - pontiac , michigan - four night before the two italian who be play card in the kitchen carry the body , in a body bag , out the back door and dump it in the trunk of the buick . they toss in the bloody linoleum and .22 pistol . ext . funeral parlor - pontiac - four night before they lift the body from the trunk and carry it to the back door of a funeral parlor . 126 frank v/o anybody that say Jimmy be ship in a 55 - gallon drum to a dump in New Jersey or to the end zone in Giants Stadium never have a body on they hand . int . crematory - pontiac - four night before they put Jimmy 's body in a cardboard coffin into a cremation oven . toss in the linoleum and the empty .22 . the gas jet burn so hot they turn everything to ash - bone , tooth - even melting the pistol and Jimmy 's watch and wedding ring - and the spend bullet in he head . the furnace finish . the cinder of the coffin have fall away to reveal the form of a ashy body , like at pompeii . the two italian poke at it with rubber - glove hand , reduce it to gritty sand - like ash . int . assisted live facility - day - 2000 frank it be no more complicated than that . int . grand jury courtroom - day - 1976 Frank be be question by a Assistant U.S. Attorney . frank v/o everybody who ever have anything to do with Jimmy be haul in and question . and everybody take the fifth , which be what you do . frank on the advice of counsel , I respectfully decline to answer that question under the protection afforded I by the constitution , on the grounds that my answer might tend to incriminate I . asst . U.S. attorney let I ask you this : what color be my pen ? 127 frank on the advice of counsel , I respectfully decline to - int . courthouse - day - 1976 Frank and he lawyer head for the back exit . frank v/o still , everybody get indicted and convict of one thing or another , just not for that . nobody , as you know , even go to jail for that . and nobody talk . which be unusual since usually three people can keep a secret only when two be dead . int . the house in pontiac - day - flashback - 1975 the two italian play card in the kitchen - frank v/o bruno denzetta and Marco Rossi get twenty year for squeezing cash out of a truck company in exchange for labor peace . int . attica prison - day - 1979 tony pro walk down a cell block with other inmate - frank v/o pro be convict with they , but he be already back in school for that other matter I mention before - int . car - moving - day - flashback - 1961 the man in the passenger seat find the radio station he want and sit back . frank v/o that poor union treasurer tony Three finger who get more vote than pro , which they finally get pro on . 128 as the nylon rope loop around the guy 's neck to strangle he , Coke bottle glass on a face come into frame . frank v/o Sally bug , you recall , do that one . ext . federal build - day - 1978 from far away , someone watch Sally bug walk from he car to the building . frank v/o one day he be see walk into the Federal building . int . villa DI roma - night - 1978 Russell and Frank sit together at the usual table . bufalino that by itself be not a crime . everybody get call in there sometime . but Sally - who know better - do not tell nobody about it . not a word to anybody . and then , you know , between one thing and another , it mean one thing : he be not go in there for lunch . Frank nod . he know he 's just be tell what to do by not be tell not to do it . ext . little italy - new york - night - 1978 Sally come out of the andrea doria Social Club on Mulberry Street . Frank and John Francis walk up to he . frank hi , sal . sally bug hi , Frank . Sally look at John Francis , who he do not know . as he wait for a introduction , Frank shoot he twice in the head - one of the bullet shatter a lens of he thick glass . he hit the ground and John Francis fire three shot into Sally 's belly . as they walk away - 129 frank v/o it turn out Sally do tell somebody he have to go in there . they just forget to tell somebody else . so it be a bad hit . int . operating room - day - 1978 tony salerno on a surgical table get a colonoscopy . frank v/o fat tony salerno they get on a income tax thing . a little while after he be diagnose with prostate cancer . int . vesuvio - day - 1976 Russell have what seem to be a normal conversation with another man at a table , Jimmy the weasel fratianno . bufalino you know there 's a pork store in Walnut Creek , California , Jimmy . it 's right near where you live . you ever go there ? frank v/o Russell get hook for tell Jimmy '' the weasel '' to strangle Jack napoli over 25 grand of jewelry Jack take on credit and never pay for . ext . penn drape & curtain - day - 1976 Russell be escort out in cuff by federal agent . frank v/o only the weasel flip . they call it conspiracy to killa Witness , though it be napoli who be clearly in the wrong . ext . car wash - day - 1978 the conveyor draw a 1978 black lincoln Continental into the car wash tunnel . overhead nozzle turn on and spray the car with water . 130 int . courtroom - day - 1980 Frank , hand raise , be swear in . frank v/o they bring I up on bribery and labor racketeer charge and some other thing - a title appear : murder , attempt murder , intimidation , embezzlement , arson Frank in the witness box where he 's be for awhile . frank I be go to say to you one time , I have listen to you , now you listen to I . I have work for 44 year , and I never take one dime illegal off boffa or nobody else . what you think do not interest I . all I know be I pay he . what he do with the money be he business . ext . crane company - maryland - night - 1977 silhouettes of some building crane and other heavy equipment against the night sky outside Baltimore . frank v/o but all they get I for be blow up the office of a crane company that fire two of my shop steward for no good reason - the place blow up . frank v/o and for my lincoln . int . car wash - day - continued - 1978 Frank 's car inch through the car wash cover in sud . frank v/o I buy it from Eugene boffa , who lease truck driver to freight company and pay they substandard wage , skim the difference . 131 Frank peer through soapy window of the car wash at he lincoln as leather tongue shimmy and sway and push the sud around . frank v/o they say I pay under - market value for the car , and I have no receipt to prove otherwise . they say the car be a bribe to let boffa continue to pay he non - union wage . Frank watch the lincoln as spray-hoses rinse it and the dryer blower switch on . frank v/o I love that car , but it be not worth the eighteen year they give I for it . ext . springfield prison - day - 1991 a prison set down amidst bare tree in Missouri . ext . springfield prison - day - 1991 bundle up against the cold , Russell , salerno and some other old inmate in wheelchair roll bocce ball on a snow - patch fence - in rooftop exercise yard . frank v/o Russell have a stroke . fat tony salerno could not control he urine anymore . my arthritis that start in the foxhole of anzio be eat at my lower back now , and I could not feel much in my foot neither . I need a cane , but they will not give you a cane in prison since you could use it as a weapon . neurontin help a little but it also make you loopy . Frank , who 's get no young himself , watch from the sideline . frank v/o we be all fall apart in the freezing fuck cold . 132 int . springfield prison cafeteria - day - 1991 Frank come in with a paper bag , limp across the cafeteria , sit with Russell . see the bag - bufalino you get it . Frank nod . take grape juice and prosciutto bread from the bag and begin break it into piece . eventually - bufalino Jimmy be a nice man . Nice family . I do not want it to go that far . frank I know . Frank pour two glass of grape juice . Russell 's hand tremor a bit as he dip a piece of bread in the juice . ext . springfield prison - day - 1991 Frank come out to the exercise yard as Russell in he wheelchair be be push by another inmate the other way . frank where you go ? bufalino to church . frank to what ? bufalino do not laugh , my friend , you will go too , the time come . Frank watch Russell as he wheelchair roll along the freeze ground . frank v/o Russell go to church . then he go to the prison hospital . then he go to the graveyard . 133 ext . graveyard - yeadon , PA - day - 1995 the number of people in attendance seem too small for someone of Russell 's stature , which make sense since it be not he funeral . frank v/o I get out that October . irene die in December . December 23rd . lung cancer . no surprise . Frank stand at he wife 's grave with three of he grow daughter , support himself on two aluminum cane like a polio victim . Peggy 's there , too , but stand apart from she sister and father . he look at she , but she will not look at he . int . frank 's house - that night - 1995 Frank move around the house on he cane , empty ashtray of butt with he wife 's lipstick mark on the filter . int . frank 's house - another day - 1996 he sit in a chair in front of a tv he 's not watch , drink wine alone . int . frank 's house - another day - 1996 he fill a plastic container mark with the day of the week with dozen of pill , get confuse and start over . int . franks house - night - 1998 he come past in he pajamas to go to the bathroom , negotiate a dark hallway on he cane . trip and fall and can not get up . int . assisted live facility - lounge room - day - 1998 the elderly man and woman , dotting the rec room like checker on a abandon board , play card and domino and candyland . Frank sit apart from they in a wheelchair , the white shirt , the gold watch , the gold ring , he eye hide behind the aviator sunglass . 134 he 's be here for month . and no one but he be watch the tv with the sound down low : image of the war in kosovo . bombs. carnage . death . ext . bank - outside PHILLY - day - 2000 a orderly assist Frank as he struggle out of a car with he aluminum cane . frank I get it . I be fine . you stay here . int . bank - day - 2000 he come in on he cane . stands in a short line . look around like he 's case the place . make it to the front , but let someone go ahead of he so he can wait for a particular window . the customer there leave and he start toward it . the teller , he daughter Peggy , see he come and put she '' close '' sign up before he get there . frank Peggy , do not . I just want to talk to you . she walk away from the counter toward the back . go through a door and close it . the other customer look at Frank . ext . dolore 's house - PHILLY - day - 2000 the orderly 's car , park outside a small house . he lean against it , smoking a cigarette . int . dolore 's house - PHILLY - day - 2000 Frank sit with one of he other daughter - dolore - now in she 40s . dolore what do you want I to do about it ? frank call she . tell she I want to talk to she . 135 dolore talk to she and tell she what ? frank I want to tell she I be sorry . dolore for ? frank I know I be not such a good father . I try to be . I try to protect she . all of you . dolore from what ? now that he think about it , he 's not sure what . dolore you have no idea what it be like for we . we could not come to you with a problem because of what you would do . we could not go to you for protection because of the terrible thing you would do . frank but I be just try to keep you from get hurt . dolore regards he a moment . he look helpless . hapless . hopeless . eventually - dolore no. no . you be not a bad father . that 's what he want to hear , but by itself , it seem qualified , which it be . dolore we be just afraid of you . int . casket store - another day - 2000 they build they and sell they here . it 's more like a workshop inside a warehouse . the salesman use to be a rock and roll promoter , but now he do this , wear a porkpie hat . 136 salesman I could sell you something for a lot of money but I 'il be honest with you : it make no sense go with anything more expensive than particle board for cremation . will it be cremation ? frank burial . salesman okay , that 's go to be more . frank that 's okay . Frank survey the row of casket from he wheelchair , the orderly by he side . salesman be it for a man or a woman ? frank it 's for I . his eye settle on a metal one , green as the green on the irish flag . frank that one . ext . holy cross cemetery - day - 2000 the orderly again wait for Frank outside , smoking another cigarette , idly look off at a backhoe digging a grave . he notice a park black car . two man in it . just sit . int . holy cross cemetery - day - 2000 a marble wall of mausoleum crypt . most - the good one at eye-level or thereabout - have name on they . a few - the undesirably - place available one - be bare . frank ( in sync ) we be all terminal . and sooner or later . everybody put here have a date when he 's gonna go . and I think ... it could be ... there 's gotta be something somewhere . ( more ) 137 frank ( in sync ) ( cont 'd ) there 's gotta be something when you go cause how the hell do this whole thing start ? what they teach you as a kid ? people smarter than I can not figure it out . but there 's gotta be something to it . so if there 's something good ... if it be ... I want a shot at it . that 's why I would never go for cremation . it 's so final . that 's the hardest part of anybody when they bury be when they go into the ground . because it 's so final . you know what I mean ? if you go into a building . the building 's there . you crypt be there . it have to be a metal casket and they have you in the room . and all that there . it 's just not as final - you be dead - but it 's not as final . Frank stand before they , consider they . there 's no good choice - or bad choice for that matter . a girl from the office with a diagram on a clipboard wait for he to decide . do not rush he . finally , he point . frank that one , I guess . ext . assisted live facility - day - 2000 the same black car from the cemetery park here now . the two man who be in it - young FBI agent - sit with Frank on the porch of the building . he actually seem fine have they here . at least they be visitor . frank I be sorry but I have to direct you to my attorney Mr. ragano if you want to talk about Mr. hoffa - or any other matter for that matter . I get nothing new to say . FBI agent he 's dead . frank who 's dead ? FBI agent you attorney , Mr. ragano . 138 frank he 's dead ? who do it ? FBI agent Cancer . Frank do not know . FBI agent everybody 's dead , Mr. sheeran . Russell , angelo , salerno , pro , dorfman , sal briguglio . but Mr. hoffa 's child be not dead . they live with not know , and that 's hard to do . you have child . you know . it 's time to say what happen . Frank actually seem like he might be think about tell they . but then - frank you seem like nice fella . and I appreciate you come to see I . but I can not help you . int . chapel - assisted live facility - day - 2000 Frank sit in he wheelchair in the chapel of the assist live facility , a few fade snapshot in he lap . he slowly run a hand through he hair as he look at a snapshot of himself with Russell . eventually - we see that there 's a young priest with he . priest do you still remember the hail Mary and we Father ? frank say it . see if I do . priest try it . ( Frank hesitates ) should I say it ? frank you say it then ( I will follow ) - 139 priest well if you say it , I 'il know whether you remember . frank I go so far - '' hail Mary full of grace , we Lord be with thee - priest ( prompt ) bless art thou - frank - amongst woman -- that 's about as far as I go . priest you want I to say it ? frank yeah , why do not you . priest hail Mary , full of grace . / the Lord be with thee / bless art thou among woman / and bless be the fruit of thy womb , Jesus - Frank join in the prayer , say it along with the Priest . silence . frank and priest - Holy Mary , mother of God / pray for we sinner / now and at the hour of we death . amen . frank well , I say what I know - forgive I for not know the other half . the intention be there . priest you feel nothing for what you do - ( the killing ) ? [ contrition talk ] frank no. priest you do not feel anything ? 140 frank I know you be suppose to feel something . but I guess the fact that I be here talk to you - that 's something ... I guess . it 's a different world where I be from . there be thing you have to do . that 's the life you be in . you give you word . you do the wrong thing you gotta pay - you do not know ... priest so you do not feel anything ? frank no , they deserve it . priest you feel no remorse . frank Water under the dam . priest nothing for they family . frank I do not know they family . except one ... silence as Frank regards the photo that 's now on top in he hand : one of Jimmy and Frank take at Frank sheeran appreciation night . frank ( cont 'd ) do I have any choice ? priest if you have a choice , would you have do the same thing ? frank let 's put it this way , if I do not do it , nothing be gonna change . they would have do it anyway . and then do it to I , too ... what kind of man make a phone call like that ? priest what do you mean ? 141 frank that 's all I can tell ya . it kill Frank to keep look at the photograph of Jimmy , but he force himself to for several more moment . nothing can dull the guilt he feel for what he do to Jimmy , and as the priest study he , he think he see something in Frank that be hide before . not just remorse , but some faint remnant of humanity . priest would you like to pray now ? frank yes . priest God we come before you sinful and sorrowful , aware of what we have do and what we have fail to do . we ask you to help we see ourselves for who we be , just as you do , and we ask you forgiveness for anything that we might have do wrong , because we know that you be all good and all loving , and love we even when we fail . int . assisted live facility - another day - 2000 Frank sit in he wheelchair in he room , hook up to a trolley iv , a few fade snapshot in he lap . a young nurse open the door and come in to check the iv and take he vital . as she do it - frank this be my daughter Peggy . it 's the snapshot of Peggy and Jimmy at the miniature golf course . the nurse give it a perfunctory glance . nurse be it . Frank nod to himself . nurse ( cont 'd ) I do not think I have meet she yet . frank she have not be around much . 142 the nurse cuff he arm to check he blood pressure . and , just make conversation , like she do with all patient - nurse she 's you only child ? frank I have four daughter . nurse really . Frank nod . none of they have be around much . she glance down at the photo again . nurse ( cont 'd ) who 's that with she ? frank who 's that ? you really do not know ? she take a closer look at the picture . frank ( cont 'd ) that 's Jimmy hoffa . nurse oh ... she clearly do not know who that be . Frank do not bother tell she . she put she finger to he wrist to check he pulse rate . he look at the next snapshot : Jimmy and himself at appreciation night . frank you only know how fast time go when you get there . she 's use to old people say thing that make no sense , and say as much - nurse uh-huh . he look at she two finger touch he wrist like a hand of benediction . frank do I have any choice ? she give he the kind of ' shhh 's you give you kid to comfort they cry . but it 's not that . 143 nurse I be try to take you pulse , Mr. sheeran , please do not talk . silence as she count he heartbeat ... then take she hand away and write it down . nurse ( cont 'd ) okay . you be free . he look at she . nurse ( cont 'd ) until later today ( when I put you through all this again ) . frank I be here . the nurse smile and we follow she as she head out into the corridor . int . assisted live corridor / room - day to night we follow action in the corridor as we begin to hear the priest give absolution . Day change to night . from out in the corridor we be only allow a partial view into Frank 's room , and even that be intermittently obscure by nurse in white come past . it 's as if what 's go on in there be too sacred to intrude on , the priest 's hand extend over Frank 's head , give he absolution , the word only sometimes audible over the routine hospital sound . priest ... through the ministry of the Church may God give you pardon and peace , I absolve you from you sin in the name of the Father , and of the Son , and the Holy Spirit . frank amen . int . assisted live facility - frank 's room - night we find we way back into Frank 's room . 144 priest give thanks to the Lord , for he be good .... Frank do not remember the prayer . the priest prompt he . priest ( cont 'd ) his mercy - frank his mercy endure forever . priest May he bring you safely to his kingdom in Heaven . amen . frank amen . the priest ready to leave . priest I can come see you again if you want , after the Christmas holiday . frank it 's Christmas ? priest almost . frank okay . I be not go nowhere . the priest head out . frank ( cont 'd ) Father , could you do I a favor ? do not close the door all the way . I do not like that . leave it open a little . priest sure . from outside the room , the door start to close , but then stop just short of cover up we view of Frank in the room . 145 as the priest 's footstep echo in the hospital corridor , we can just make Frank out in the sliver of light between the edge of the door and frame - alone in he wheelchair with the little stack of photograph in he lap , slowly leaf through they .