the battle of shaker height written by erica beeney fade in : ext . forest - day distant gun and mortar FIRE muffled by the wet green forest . the very earth seem to tremble . a rabbit dart out of a log , lift itself on its hind leg and sniff the air . lobbed grenade explode voice and shout , closer now , mix with the rumbling war sound in a veritable symphony of violence and confusion . a dead american GI lay splay out , careless in death . a pair of soldier flash among the tree , run hunch over and low , and disappear into the gray bloom of smoke . for a moment the forest take a breath . nothing but tremble leave . then - the rattle of a Jeep come closer in fit and start , grinding through low gear . a willys mb appear , crashing through the undergrowth . it 's drive by private first class kelly ernswiler . eighteen , if that . not much meat on he . his insignia indicate he 's in the 29th infantry . his face might be attractive , under other condition . he pause and pull a map from the pocket of he m41 standard - issue field jacket . kelly where the hell be that kraut ? to give himself courage , he sing Tommy Dorsey 's " I will be see you [ in all the old familiar place ] " while maneuver the Jeep through the bush and rock . he drive straight for a fall log , gun the engine and try to go over it . the Jeep 's front wheel catch on the log . the back tire spin . Kelly get out . take off he M1 combat helmet and wipe he face . assess the situation . he grab a branch . jam it under the wheel , try to lever the Jeep free . when -- the stutter of a nearby machine gun startles he . the branch snap against Kelly 's weight . he slip and fall in the mud . kelly shit . determined , he grab he pack and carbine and set off on foot through the forest . ext . clearing Kelly stride purposefully out of the wood . pause against a split-rail fence beneath the innocent sun . across the clear stand a seemingly abandon barn . but not for long , as two german infantrymen appear around the corner of it . Kelly move behind a tree to assess the situation . unaware , the Germans smoke and talk . Kelly 's too far away to hear they but he watch they every move . they be relaxed , not as on guard as they should be . they karabiner rest sling across they back . kelly bingo . against the tree Kelly focus himself . then he shoulder he carbine . pull out he dog tag and kiss they grimly . kelly " and so they bury hector , breaker of horse . " he take he Smith &amp ; wesson 1917 pistol from he pistol belt and step out into the sunlight field in plain sight of the guard . surely he know they can see he . he must want they to see he . but they do not . too busy pass nudie wallet photo . halfway across the open grass , Kelly raise the pistol but do not aim it . just stride steadily closer , arm spread out , make himself a easy target . crazy as it seem , private Kelly ernswiler be try to get himself kill . ext . barn Kelly pause not twenty foot from the Germans , fire into the air and wave -- -- when from behind he come a voice . german officer ( o.s. ) eine maus findet de kase . Kelly whip around to face a third german , the officer . his pistol point right into the Officer 's shocked pink young face . Point blank range . only - Kelly do not fire . he just lower the pistol . the german smile . kelly kill I Adolf . german officer mien prisoner ! the infantryman have recover from they idle and come run . one of they yank Kelly 's hand behind he back and push he into the barn roughly . Kelly do not struggle . kelly hey , siegfreid and Roy . what be you wait for ? kill I . int . barn Kelly sit slump in a chair , leg tie up . one of the Germans shine a flashlight in he face . Kelly squint . kelly come on you pussy . let 's get this over with . the german Officer produce a piece of paper and a fountain pen . german officer ( german accent ) you will write you mother . tell she how you will die now . Kelly take the pen and examine it . kelly genuine third Reich issue , no less . Nice work . the Officer poke the paper . german officer you will write . how you die alone . kelly my mother and I do not have that kind of relationship . german officer ( hiss ) write . Kelly think about it for a minute - should he or should not he - but sigh and begin write . after a few line , the Officer snatch the paper away and pass it to a infantryman . german officer enough . now you will beg for you life . kelly what do not you understand ? infantryman ( interrupt sheepishly in german accent ) the protocol say we should - the Officer wheel around and scowl at the speaker . he seem to be get a bit hysterical . german officer I be the fuck protocol . ( to Kelly ) beg ! he and Kelly glare at each other . the Officer fire he luger into the rafter . german officer beg - for - you - life ! kelly you get to be kid I . the Officer grab he throat . german officer silence . now I have a little fun . Kelly laugh . the officer slap he . Kelly jerk away . kelly now that 's against the rule . german officer ( sneer ) there be no rule in war . suddenly another american GI appear behind the german in the shadow . only Kelly can see he . the GI motion to Kelly " keep talk " while he get into a better position with he m - 1 rifle . kelly ( to Officer ) you have never kill anyone before , have you ? german officer I shower in the blood of my victim -- the GI shoot the two infantrymen who fall in exaggerated pain and commence death throes . Quick as a flash , the GI 's colt 1911 pistol be at the german Officer 's neck , he m - 1 in he other hand . GI no wonder you smell so bad . german officer do not shoot , please . the GI 's eye widen . he look at Kelly . GI will you look at the manners on this guy ? ( to german ) remember to thank I when I kill you . german officer no , really , not in the neck - but the GI do anyway . the Officer shriek , grab at he neck , and fall . GI ( to Kelly ) you all right ? kelly yeah . my elaborate death scene be not go anywhere anyway . GI you want I to give you a minute ? kelly that 's okay . they will get I eventually . if you can not get kill in a war , when can you ? GI that 's right . look on the bright side . the GI hold out he hand . GI Bart . Bart bowland . Kelly take the hand of the grin all - american type guy . about he own age , but bart take up more space . kelly Kelly . Kelly ernswiler . bart Kelly ? kelly ( mimic ) Bart ? bart I mean - that 's irish , right ? german officer ( from the floor , now with a decidedly american accent ) wow man , this be a really beautiful scene and all , but I have to interrupt . ( to Bart ) why the fuck do you have to shoot that cap so close to my neck ? you give I a powder burn . kelly listen you wienerschnitzel . you should talk . you slap I . I be not you bitch . the Officer get up and dust off he uniform . german officer well , what be that whole creepy death wish thing about ? kelly well it do not work , now do it ? german officer ( shrug ) sometimes I get so catch up in the moment . kelly and what be that ridiculous shit about make I write to my mother ? the Officer grin . german officer inspire , be not it ? bart dude , you make he write to he mother ? who be you , Dr. phil ? infantryman ( also with american accent ) can we get up now ? Bart help he up and check he regulation - issue timex . bart might as well . there 's only a hour leave anyway . the german Officer cross he arm . german officer ( to Kelly ) admit it . you be scared . kelly ( snort ) right . Kelly get up from the chair and fall over . his leg be still tie . ext . forest the dead GI get up and walk off with the german and some other soldier , do for the day . Bart and Kelly walk back to the strand Jeep . bart that willys yours ? kelly yup . just get she . Three summer pack out at shop rite . Bart unfold a entrench tool from he belt and dig under the back wheel , building up dirt . then he go around to the front and put he shoulder against the hood . Bart rock the Jeep while Kelly pump the gas . the Jeep finally pull free and sprays Bart with mud . kelly my bad . thanks though . Kelly look over he shoulder and start back away . kelly see you . Bart stand there , drip with mud , shocked . about a hundred foot away Kelly stop . kelly well , come on . Bart walk towards the Jeep . Kelly back it up again . kelly I could not resist . Bart climb in . bart Real funny , ernswiler . you might still get you chance to die today . int . diner - day the customer be all reenactor . some yank , some Germans , a few Scottish and North African irregular . " boogie -woogie bugle Boy " play on the jukebox . Bart and Kelly sit in a booth together . Bart have a easy , confident manner and expansive gesture . Kelly eat hunch over , like someone might try and steal he food . bart character building ? that crazy guy from Ann arbor tie they to a dock . kelly ( shrug ) that 's what you get for invade Wisconsin . bart D - Day at kenosha be nothing . at guadalcanal chillicothe there be a guy who actually injected himself with malaria . kelly that 's crazy . they both eat for a minute . bart where do you live , anyway ? kelly shaker Heights . bart that explain the death wish . I too . what street ? kelly Penn place . bart ( chew ) hmm , do not know it . kelly it 's not technically in shaker Heights - but I go to shaker Heights High . pause . Kelly look at Bart . bart langely prep . kelly sorry to hear that . bart well , I get kick out of shaker Heights High because my birdhouse come unglue in honors woodshop . kelly of course . I would have go to langely myself only my polo pony have the fit . Bart throw he napkin on he plate . bart no matter . ( raise he voice to address the room ) we be all soldier here . crowd that 's right . / here , here . / whoop , cheer , etc . ext . bowland house - day Kelly pull up into the circular gravel drive . Bart 's house be fancy . a nice yard and a pool . Bart hop out . bart you should come over some time . service we lawnmower . kelly I would , but then I might soil my croquet white . you understand . bart how bourgeois . cheerio then . Kelly watch Bart go into he house and smile in spite of himself . ext . ernswiler house - dusk Kelly 's house be a also pretty nice , nothing to be ashamed of . it be smaller and weirder . the flower and bush be overgrown and strange sculpture dot the yard , some lean at precarious angle . Kelly wash he Jeep in the driveway . ext . ernswiler house - night Kelly buff the headlamps with a chamois . the Jeep look good as new . he pull a canvas cover over it . kelly sleep tight hot lip . int . ernswiler house , kitchen - night Kelly walk in on he dad abe make sandwich . a great big pile of cheese and pb&amp ; J . abe sergeant keller ! how be the war ? do we win ? Kelly do not smile at this . he look at the sandwich and put he finger to he chin in a gesture so facetious it 's downright angry . kelly let I guess . happy meal for the wavy gravy wellness center ? abe grab two piece of bread from a loaf . he look kind . a bit ill-use by life . the phrase " ride hard and put away wet " come to mind . abe as usual , you cynicism be refresh . he finish that sandwich and add it to the pile . Kelly pause while open the refrigerator . his back tighten . he slam the door with he foot . kelly as usual , you cheerful optimism make I ill . abe pause over a slice of bread only briefly . the hostility be nothing new . abe ( lightly ) you should get that check . Kelly walk through the kitchen and out the back door . kelly ( o.s. ) sure thing , doc . say hello to leif garrett for I . int . ernswiler garage - night Kelly open the screen door and poke he head in . a family of chinese immigrant , the ling , paint canvase at long worktable . there 's a mother , father mao , grandmother xiou - xiou , son and daughter . finish canvase hang from the wall and lean in pile against it . all of they be portrait of animal . some have on hat or clothes . Kelly 's mom eve show grandmother xiou -xiou a few stroke with a paintbrush . Eve wear jeans . she 's one of that young - look mother Kelly 's friend would have crush on . if he have any friend . mao ( to Kelly ) Son of Eve . you be very dirty . kelly ( awkward ) a rough charge . you know . eve ( to Kelly ) do not touch anything . we have to get ready for the starve artist show . ( to xiou - xiou ) now nana , the gold have to be feathery , not gloppy - see ? Eve demonstrate on the painting - a pair of monkey in french court dress . Kelly look over he mom 's shoulder . eve now you try . grandmother xiou -xiou dab at the painting . eve ( to Kelly ) she love the gold . always overuse it . and usually she touch be so light . xiou -xiou gold be the color of the sun . Eve move along the row , stop to look at the painting in progress . kelly you know why we never have anything to eat in this house ? but Eve have stop behind mao 's painting . she 's not pay attention to Kelly . eve mao , what do we say about the eye ? she gesture at the image of a horse do Santa Fe style , lot of pastel , very abstract . mao look at she quizzically . mao more - empathy ? eve that 's right . and do not I tell you to put in more cacti ? mao ( shake head ) no , no more cacti . too busy . simplicity be best . his family nod in support of this rash aesthetic statement . Eve roll she eye . eve oh boy . I be not have this battle with you again . Kelly break in . kelly because you husband take food from he own family to feed every loser druggie in Cleveland . Eve move down the line . eve well , you can always chip in here . we be order pizza later . at this the family nod and smile to each other , pleased with the news . kelly no . some people have to work later . ( casual ) will you drop something off at the dry cleaner for I tomorrow ? Eve look up at he for the first time . take in he filthy uniform . eve sweetie , you know what we say about pay for the war thing . nothing 's change . kelly it 's the only thing I ever ask you for -- eve do not be dramatic . kelly but it 's important to I . Eve stop at mother ling 's painting . eve you be just go to have to find a way to pay for it yourself then , I guess . ( to mother ling ) no - not that way - the sky should be stormier . angry cloud . mother ling look up at Kelly , who 's scowling . she smile and nod , understanding . kelly why do I bother ? Kelly leave . Eve 's busy talk . eve more brown , less blue . int . kitchen - night Kelly come back in a grab a sandwich off the pile . abe now keller , who need that sandwich more - you or the daughter of a crack addict try to make a new life ? Kelly look at he and bite into the sandwich . kelly how about the son of a heroin addict try to get ready for work ? Kelly leave with the sandwich . abe sigh and pick up more bread . abe that go well . int . kelly room - night on the wall a poster for the Civil War minisery next to one of led Zeppelin . some map . a globe . model of fighter plane and a set of old tin soldier . oh yeah , and he mom 's original painting , the one that start it all , this one sign by she - a very intense look pink rabbit glaring out of the canvas with huge eye . he sit on the edge of the bed for a minute stare into space before he peel off he muddy uniform piece by piece . int . grocery store - night ah , the graveyard shift . musak steely dan. Kelly unpack cat food . thousands and thousand of little can of it . it 's hard to keep the row straight on the shelf . sarah , the night cashier , stand at she register . she 's plain - look now but she will be beautiful later when she figure out who she be . not another soul in the store . Sarah wander over to Kelly 's aisle as if pull by a magnet . sarah so how would you battle go today ? I still do not understand how you could reenact the Battle of the bulge in seventy - two degree weather . ( play with hair ) do not all that guy freeze to death ? Kelly do not stop work . he 's get a system . kelly well , a Port -a - John fall over on a couple of guy . sarah that 's gross . kelly War be hell . Kelly grab another handful of can . sarah then why do you do it ? Kelly pause . he put two can on the shelf very deliberately . kelly you be never more alive then when face simulate death . sarah really ? maybe I should try it . Kelly look at she , think about this , and stand up . kelly you be William J. Stone of the 1st airborne , pin down in noville . the Germans have the high ground and they be shelling you position heavily . ( start throw can ) you be hole up in a stone barn . sustain heavy casualty . running low on ammo . the cry of wounded man fill the air like the cry of hungry baby . Sarah cover she head , huddle behind the box of cat food , dodging can . kelly you commanding officer get hit in the face , die . at 1 p.m. you lose radio contact with headquarters . if you withdraw , the Germans will flank the entire ally force array along bastogne and break the front . what do you do ? what do you do ? sarah stop it ! Kelly go back to stock , satisfied . kelly Battle of bulge , the Southern shoulder , December ' 44 . sarah sorry I ask . Sarah stand up and start to wander away but Kelly make a peace offer . kelly hey . want a snack ? we get a whole shipment in of bust oreo 's . Sarah look at she foot , consider whether or not to accept it . sarah I will accidentally drop a couple pint of milk and meet you over there . int . dairy backroom Sarah and Kelly sit on milk crate , pass the cookie back and forth and get philosophical . sarah the freeze food woman come in with she kid . they must eat out of that little cardboard trays every night . one of the kid look like cardboard . kelly do you know we stock more flavor of cat food than we do baby food ? sarah no . kelly sixteen flavor of baby food include the toddler meal - in - ajar , thirty - one flavor of cat food . he fish for a cookie . kelly next time you should tell that woman to buy she kid some cat food . a angry woman push open the swinging door of the backroom with she load shopping cart . woman be this store open ? I have be wait up front . if the store 's close , it should not have a sign that say twenty - four hour . Sarah get up . Kelly stay right where he be , finish a cookie . sarah sorry about that . woman I have a lot of coupon and I do not want to be here when they expire . kelly ( to Sarah ) charge she double for everything . Sarah smile and hurry away . int . shaker height high - day Kelly walk down the hall with he army - issue backpack sling over one shoulder . besides a serious case of bedhead , he look normal . no one say hi to he as he make he way to he locker . as he twirl the combination and open it , he notice lance -- short and wide , build like a tank , prematurely bald , and he girlfriend BRIDGET embrace a few locker down . they kiss raunchily , they tongue darting in and out of each other 's mouth . lance see Kelly look and stop kissing . lance what the fuck be you look at , GI Jane ? Kelly shake he head and get a book out of he locker . lance no really , what make you think you can look at I ? kelly I honestly do not know it be you . I think it be a free preview of the spice Channel . lance that 's pretty funny . you get dental insurance ? Kelly close he locker and walk away . Bridget wipe she mouth guiltily . lance shake he head and pull Bridget to he , grind he pelvis against hers . BRIDGET stop it . she walk away . lance what ? what ? int . classroom -- day the light be off in history class . the teacher mr . norman show slide on the Civil War . the more we see the clearer it become that they be he own photo from a vacation spend visit the memorial . Mr. norman smile out at he class in shot after shot . he click the remote and a photo of he wife , crouch over and wear short , drink from a garden hose appear on screen . mr. norman whoops ! he hurry through to the next slide . it do not matter anyway . everyone be almost asleep . except Kelly , who become increasingly irritate the more Mr. norman talk . mr. norman and here , at gettysburg , the rank of Union soldier fight bravely on . they be willing to give they life so that other might be free . Kelly shift in he seat . mr. norman be there a problem Mr. ernswiler ? kelly no. but Mr. norman do not start talk again . he wait , look at Kelly , smile blandly . until the silence become uncomfortable . and Kelly get mad . kelly come on . be not this analysis a tad simplistic ? I mean , maybe for a second grade history class , sure - but to insist on still characterize the Civil War as some moral struggle ? the soldier be draft - the only one who have to fight be the one who could not afford to pay they way out . ( lose it ) why do not you talk about the draft riot ? where be you slide for that ? int . principal be office - moment later Fresh flower and a crochete tissue box hoodie make the place cozy . Kelly sit across the desk from principal holmstead , a well - groom woman with a gentle talk show host demeanor . holmstead what give you the idea that you can or ought to question the curriculum ? Kelly do not move . he 's not into this . holmstead or question you teacher ? kelly I know . I mean , who ever hear of a classroom dialog ? not socrate . Ms. holmstead be exasperate , but she like he in spite of herself . he 's a smart cookie . she 's get to change she strategy . she lean back in she chair . holmstead Kelly , you be a very bright boy . but you be make some serious mistake . kelly I do not need to . everyone else make they for I . her chair squeak as she lean forward and look at Kelly intently . holmstead this anger must be mask a lot of hurt . kelly I be wonder what the tissue be for . holmstead try again . she look down at he file . holmstead I see you be not go to college next year . what be you plan ? Kelly shrug . holmstead search he face for any clue . holmstead how do I get through to you ? kelly advertiser use status and sex to appeal to my demographic . she shake she head and swing she chair towards the window and gaze out at the front walkway of the school . her face clear . something 's click . holmstead I think we can come up with a punishment which might actually be more of a opportunity for you to realize you true potential . ext . shaker height high - day School 's be out for a while . the first rush have already leave . Kelly come down the front step and start across the parking lot to he Jeep . lance step out from behind a suv and intercept he . lance you upset Bridget . Kelly hardly stop walk . kelly give I a break . lance you need to apologize . kelly what be you go to do , make out with I ? lance run and grab Kelly 's backpack . lance why be you fuck with I ? you little fucker . want to play , fuckface ? kelly you just use fuck as a verb , noun , and adjective . impressive . Kelly try to start walk again but lance have hold of he . lance let 's see what beetle Bailey 's get in he knapsack . lance grab Kelly 's arm and yank it back . Kelly still seem unconcern . suddenly he pull away , but lance keep hold of he backpack . lance hold the backpack up next to he head and point at it , gleeful . lance walk away towards he car . Kelly run after he . lance hold Kelly off easily with one hand and throw the backpack into he suv . they struggle for a minute , until lance push Kelly away , get in the car . Kelly run next to the car and pound on the window as lance drive off . finally , Kelly give up . lance turn out of the parking lot and honk the horn . Kelly shake he head . kelly rim job . int . army navy store - day Kelly sift through a pile of backpack look for a replacement . from he post behind the counter , Bart see he and come over . bart Kelly . hey . kelly you work here ? bart just a couple day a month , to get a head - up on the latest stuff . what be you do ? kelly look for a backpack . bart be that all ? do not bother . I have a couple extras at home . I could give you one if you want . kelly ( beat ) sure , I guess . int . bowland house , dad' library - day Kelly stand a bit awkwardly wait for Bart to get the key from the desk to open the door in the corner . the door finally swing open . int . storeroom Bart and Kelly stand between shelf pile high with war memorabilia . uniform in vacu -pac seal bag , weapon in shoebox , cannonballs and tatter and gunsmoke - darken flag . kelly very impressive . bart my dad 's real into hoard . Kelly hold up a flask in a leather case . kelly what 's this ? bart grant 's field flask . kelly wow . you dad should meet my history teacher . he send I to the principal 's office today for question he G - rate interpretation of the Civil War . bart forget he . kelly I would , but now the principal 's make I give a speech on the Civil War at a assembly . bart ( laugh in sympathy and amusement ) what be he , some kind of sadist ? kelly she think she 's do I a favor . bart Jesus , she must think you be really screw up . be you ? kelly depend on who you ask . everyone 's get a opinion . bart ( grab box ) take this . that will shut they up . Bart open the long box . nestled inside be a leg bone with a foot attach to it . bart stonewall jackson' . kelly yeah right . bart can you imagine that ? lose you leg and get back up on you horse ? unbelievable . what ball . Kelly nod . that be ball . bart he 's get so much crap cramme in here he do not even notice when it 's miss . I see a backpack in here somewhere . Bart put down the box carelessly and paw through the pile . int . bowland kitchen Bart and Kelly sit at the kitchen table drink soda , wait for minnie , the housekeeper , to finish make they dinner . bart I think he have a couple . kelly I would feel weird take one out of the tomb of tutenkamen anyway . bart trust I , you should not . ( burp ) where would you old one go ? kelly I lose it . bart how ? a pause . Kelly decide to tell he . kelly someone take it . bart you let someone take it ? kelly I do not let he . I tell off some idiot -- bart sound like you mouth get you into trouble a lot . kelly I be tell you , it 's not I , it 's the world . tabby , Bart 's older sister come in . she 's older . definitely in college , if not out . and totally shockingly beautiful . otherworldly . bart tabby , this be Kelly . tabby ( to Kelly ) do not give he any money , whatever you do . bart shut up . tabby all this little old lady be look for he in Arizona . he take they retirement money and buy defective bazookas with it . Kelly laugh . and look at tabby more closely . bart very funny . we be pay attention to you , be you happy now ? tabby finally , my life be complete . fait accompli . bart ( to tabby ) minnie 's make sloppy joe . want one ? tabby sloppy joe ? sloppy no . she open the fridge and get a yogurt . tabby I have to go take a shower . will you call I when miner get here ? tabby leave . Kelly 's distract . kelly who 's miner ? bart the fiancé . Bart roll he eye , indicate what he think of good old miner . Kelly nod , do not say anything . bart listen , I be go to the flea market on Saturday . I have a line on a couple dealer . you could get a backpack there . Kelly glance at the door tabby leave from . kelly oh yeah ? flea market , land of bargain . bart especially if you know who to talk to . Kelly look at Bart with suspicion -- and respect . ext . shaker height high - morning Kelly hop out of he Jeep and walk towards the front of the school . lance be there , hang out with Bridget and some of he cro- magnon friend . he wear a ww ii cap , overseas airborne style , obviously Kelly 's . lance hey fuckface . like my new hat ? I just join the Boy scout . the cro-Magnon grunt approvingly at this witty repartee . kelly if you stay in it long enough , maybe you will get you fudgepacker badge . ooh . the cro-Magnon laugh at lance and egg he on - " you gonna take that ? " / " he just call you a fag " , etc . lance frown and grab Kelly . lance you be a regular howie Mandel . still hold on to he with one arm , he slap Kelly hard across the face with the other . Kelly 's knee give a bit . lance hold he up . BRIDGET lance ! lance look over at she and release Kelly . lance okay babe . ( to Kelly ) one day you and I will be alone . and will not that be nice ? Kelly be hurt but cover . kelly too bad my mom will not let I date yet . Kelly frown and adjust he clothes . tries to re-wet the dry inside of he mouth with he tongue . he turn slowly and trudge up the stair . Sarah have be watch the whole thing from the door . sarah why do you mess with he ? kelly you be right . I should give he a break . int . ernswiler house - day Kelly watch tv in the live room . his cheek have a nice bruise on it . Eve enter . eve oh , Kelly , you be home . good . I need you to go to the art supply store for I . Kelly look at the tv . kelly get abe to do it . Eve go to she purse and rifle through it to find she wallet . eve he be go to but he have to go lead a meeting at Care House . kelly what a surprise . eve I will make it up to you . kelly where have I hear that before ? Eve sigh . eve when be you go to give I a break ? Kelly jab at the remote . kelly let I think - maybe when I finally forget every single word of the Little mermaid soundtrack I would listen to in the car wait for he to score . no , probably when I do not prepare myself before I go into the bathroom , expect to find he pass out on the floor . Eve wait through this . kelly actually , you know what ? I know I will be able to put it all behind I when I go away to college . ( slap he forehead , pretend remember ) only , I can not go because someone spend my college fund on mexican Black tar . so look like I will have to try to forget at shop rite , where I will be work for the rest of my life . eve you be right . you have every reason to crawl into the corner and give up . but please just get I some paint first . Eve come over to Kelly . he sigh and put he hand out . kelly what do you need ? she give he the money . eve we need burnt sienna , cadmium red , and midnight blue . two tube of blue . ( look at he ) what happen to you face ? she put she hand up but he move away from it . kelly forget it . int . art supply store - day Kelly look through the paint , pick out tube . he look up and see tabby browsing the paintbrush . he 's suddenly nervous . he knock over a few can of thin . almost leave . instead , he gather he courage , go to the display opposite hers and wait to catch she eye . kelly they be have a sale on glitter . it take tabby a second to recognize he . tabby oh , hello . what happen to you ? kelly ( shrug ) tennis injury . tabby look at he suspiciously like she 's not sure whether to believe he . tabby finish with the medium and move onto the paint . Kelly follow she , stay in the opposite aisle . tabby you paint ? kelly well , you see ... that 's a difficult question . tabby how so ? kelly I do not really feel comfortable call anything do since the Renaissance " painting . " we might have a more experimental interaction with the picture plane , but we skill have suffer from it . in spite of herself , tabby laugh at this . this give Kelly more confidence . he lean over the aisle to see what she 's look at . kelly you be work with acrylic . why ? oil 's much - richer . tabby oh you be not one of that oil snob be you ? kelly of course not . Kelly come around and lean nonchalantly against the shelf , knock more thing over and fumble to replace they . kelly it 's just - be not acrylic a bit - jejune ? tabby jejune ? you be jejune . how old be you anyway ? kelly older than my year . tabby walk to the counter with she brushes . tabby and you paint ? Kelly look down and partially confess . kelly well , you know , my mother 's kind of a artist , so - tabby that explain it . tabby sign the slip and take the bag . she walk out , Kelly with she , match she pace , talk . kelly that explain nothing . do not anyone believe in innate knowledge anymore ? Michelangelo be fifteen when he paint the infanta . tabby infantas be Spanish . Michelangelo be italian . tabby get into she car . Kelly lean into she window . kelly exactly . one world , one people . just like jesse Jackson envision . tabby try to conceal she smile and start she car . tabby well - Kelly . Nice talk to you . she drive away . Kelly stand there watch . then he wince . kelly what the hell do you just say ? ext . ernswiler house - day Kelly pull up in he Jeep . he turn off the engine but do not get out . just sit there . he do not want to go in . ext . flea market - day color plastic flag droop in the sun . military stall Bart sweep he eye over everything . a skinny guy wear a wife beater have some not half - bad stuff . Kelly , bruise fade to yellow and green , examine a glass mason jar of what seem to be dirt . skinny guy ( to Kelly ) that there 's actual sand from iwo jima . bart or you sister 's sandbox . the guy shrug . skinny guy well , it do not come with no certificate of authenticity . ( consider ) I could write one up for you , I suppose . get it notarize . bart no , that 's quite all right . actually , I be in the market for medal . skinny guy sure . I get a couple purple heart . a Silver star. dsc . can not sell they to you though . they be gramp 's . ( wink ) Bart act casual , hand clasped behind he back . bart be you sure ? skinny they have a lot of sentimental value - bart yeah . how much ? skinny guy a lot . Bart pull out a paper bag and offer it to the skinny guy , who look inside . skinny guy what 's this ? bart General Ulysses S. grant 's field flask , my friend . Kelly be shocked . the skinny guy look at he suspiciously . bart throw in one of that backpack and we will call it even . the skinny guy look at Bart , and in the bag again . he go to get the backpack . Kelly 's impressed by this smooth exchange . flea market - between rows Kelly and Bart weave through the maze of stand . Kelly now hold the backpack . kelly buying and sell US service medal be illegal . bart exactly . that 's why the resale value be so high . kelly be that what they teach you at langely ? bart do not be so naïve . we all have we skeleton . some of they just pay more than other . kelly and I be not even go to ask about the flask . bart do not ask , do not tell . the army get everything right , do not they ? campaign pin stall a frowsy woman in a muumuu sit fan herself in front of a extensive display of pin and button . woman you boy look like goldwater fan . kelly I have never be accuse of that before . woman well jeez , you do not have to be insulted . bart anything military ? the woman consider this , she fan work back and forth lazily . woman Fish around in that cigar box . Bart paw through the box . act casual . bart what do you want for the box ? woman twenty dollar . bart Fifteen . woman do not be so hasty . ( fan ) I get a few geraldine ferraro pin I be look to unload . flea market food court Kelly and Bart , now wear the smile black &amp ; white face of geraldine ferraro , eat disgusting yet delicious flea market food and watch a slow-motion bingo game . kelly goldwater fan . I think that 's some kind of insult . bart not at Dartmouth . where be you go to go to school ? kelly I be not . bart ah , you have that luxury . kelly you do not ? bart ( shrug ) I do not have much say in the matter . everything have be decide for I since birth . I be not whining about it . play the hand you be deal , right ? kelly easy for you to say . you get a royal flush . bart be you crazy ? my life suck . everyone 's always tell I what to do . you can not fight it . go with the flow . they eat for a minute to the soothing sound of the bingo caller : twenty -one , thirteen , four , seventy-eight . kelly what about tabby ? bart she get to go where she want . Sarah lawrence . six year . she 's almost do with grad school . Yale . kelly I do not think people actually go to Yale . bart ( think ) I do not know . I mean , she drive off in she car in September . for all we know , she could just pull she car over in albany and sleep there until May . kelly what do you mean ? bart it be a joke . joke ? Bart do some fake sign language to help Kelly out . kelly oh . be that what one of that sound like ? somehow , I always imagine they would be funnier . Bart push Kelly , who grab he arm like it get hurt . kelly Sarah lawrence ? be not that for lesbian ? Bart shrug . bart what happen to you face ? kelly remember the backpack incident ? bart same guy ? kelly the one with mad cow-diseased hamburger meat for brain ? that would be the one . interested , Bart lean forward . bart what be you go to do about it ? kelly I be not go to lower myself to he level . bart of course not . but there be alternative kelly alternative ? bart have not you ever hear of the 193rd special Operations wing ? Kelly shake he head . bart well do you want to get this guy or what ? kelly yes . bart all right . let 's get the fuck out of here , then . Bart toss he wrapper at the trashcan . Kelly watch it hit the rim and go in . bart ( on the move ) I have some thing to show you . int . bowland house , kitchen - night Bart and Kelly sit amidst a spread of book , papers , and electronic equipment . bart once we have gather the intelligence , the plan will reveal itself . kelly we do not plan first ? Bart open a pad . bart no , it limit we scope - what 's the objective ? kelly humiliation . rage. despair . bart easy enough . ' nam 's probably we go - to war for that sort of thing . I have the declassify brief from the Phoenix Project around here somewhere . Bart grab a book and start flipping through page . tabby enter with a armful of art supplies . tabby hey . I have some stretcher bar out in the car . can somebody help I bring they in ? bart of course we will drop what we be do because what you be do must be more important . Bart do not look up . he grab another book . kelly sure . I mean , I will help . Bart raise he eyebrow . Kelly shrug off the look . bart I will find that report . int . tabby's studio - night tabby drop the canvas and point at the table . Kelly dump the bar and stand there look around . at the wood floor and skylight . couch cover with a sheet . Painting , serious one , with layer of paint and mysterious object stick to they lay against the wall . they all seem fade , like a vacation photo that 's be through the wash . Kelly move to the painting on the easel . very yellow and pink . kind of look like castle . kelly gold . the color of the sun . tabby wrestle with the bolt of canvas . tabby that 's the Cleveland waterfront . kelly as the viewer , I get to decide what it be , I be afraid . and it do not look a thing like it . tabby it 's the light . I be play with diffusion . kelly well make sure you put it away when you be do with it . tabby very funny , wiseass . Kelly resume he tour of the room . kelly it must be nice to have a place like this to get away to . tabby it be . kelly what about Farmer ? tabby Farmer ? tabby unroll the canvas and measure length . kelly the boyfriend . tabby ( laugh ) miner ? what about he ? kelly be he a artist , too ? tabby no. definitely not . thank god . Kelly be silent for a while , fiddling with a clamp light . tabby you say you mom be a painter ? kelly she be , well - be I guess . tabby cut the canvas . tabby what do you mean ? kelly she use to be . but then my dad - be not work anymore so she turn it into a business . she have a family of chinese immigrant in the garage make they for she . tabby like Andy Warhol 's Factory . kelly more like Andy Warhol 's tool shed . it be nice before , though . my playpen use to be in she studio . tabby wow . so you really grow up with it . what do , do , you dad do ? kelly he 's a vh - 1 documentary without the music . tabby " tragedy strike ? " Kelly nod . kelly " and then , thing take a turn for the worse . " tabby well , just wait . that burnout type always have a triumphant comeback tour . kelly I already change the channel . tabby sit back on she heel and look at he . Bart 's head appear in the open door . bart Christ Kelly , I let you go out on a little supply line assist and you be go for day . come on . tabby have fun , boy . kelly if only it be fun . War 's deadly serious , mar 'am . tabby ( to Bart ) and I use to think you be the only crazy one . bart enough with the mind pollution , hanoi Hannah . Bart leave . Kelly stand by the door . this be he only chance . kelly I be worried about you play with diffusion unsupervise . tabby be you ? kelly yes . I might have to come by and show you the proper safety procedure . some time in the presence of a art prodigy would do you good . tabby I do not think I have room for a playpen in here . kelly ouch . tabby smile . Kelly leave . ext . bowland yard - night Bart and Kelly walk across the yard . bart so , you have a thing for my sister ? kelly what ? no , no . bart everybody do . they skirt around the pool . kelly we just have a few thing in common . bart oh really , like what ? kelly I can not tell you . it 's my feminine side . bart you do not wear woman 's clothes when you be alone , do you ? int . ernswiler house , live room - night Kelly come out of the kitchen with a glass of water in pajama bottom and a T-shirt . the tv 's on static . he see a figure sleep on the couch and start to walk through the room . then he stop , sigh , and backtrack . he turn off the tv . then he see the empty bottle of wine next to the couch . kelly dad . the figure do not move . Kelly do not know what to do . kelly ( louder ) dad ? Kelly look around , worried . in this house a unresponsive dad be not necessarily sleep . should he wake up he mom ? he shake the figure slightly . it roll over , only it 's not he dad . it 's some scabby addict . Kelly yank he hand away . addict wha ? a moment . kelly sorry . ext . ernswiler house , back yard - night abe sit on a lawn chair . Kelly come out , unfold another chair and sit next to he dad - a good distance away . they both look up at the sky . abe keller . there 's a meteor shower . Kelly frown . kelly a funny thing just happen . a little trip down memory lane . I think you be on we couch , dead . abe laugh . abe oh , you mean emmett ? they do not have a empty bed for he at Care House . Kelly nod , consider this . kelly well that 's one of you more brilliant idea . ( anger rise ) have you think about the fact that it might be dangerous ? that he might steal something , or go into cardiac arrest ? drink all we cooking wine ? which he seem to have do . abe he just need a place to sleep for the night . kelly you be right . besides , have he here make it feel like home . abe slam he hand down on the arm of he chair . abe I have be straight for four year , almost five . a third of you life . Kelly clap slowly . kelly Big whoop . I have be straight the whole time . abe close he eye . abe I hate to tell you this , but I be not you problem anymore . Kelly get up . kelly no . that 's the one thing I get to decide . abe look at Kelly . abe let I know . I can wait . they look at each other . Kelly shake he head and go inside . abe look up at the sky . abe ( to himself ) keller , there 's a meteor shower . ext . lance's house - day in a backyard tree house next door sit Kelly and Bart , Kelly look through a pair of m3 field glass . kelly I have the target in sight . binocular matte through the twin circle lance get into he car in front of he house . kelly I think he 's leave . bart let I see . do not be a farb , give they up . Kelly hand the glass over . Bart look through they . then he put they down . bart the coast be clear . the boy look at each other . bart let I prepare to deploy . Bart open up a duffel bag and pull out a yellow jumpsuit which he put on . Kelly look through the binocular . kelly be this go to work ? bart we have plan for every contingency use the try and true technique of the last great world power . kelly save it for the press conference . the lawn the boy climb down out of the tree house . Bart be dress in a official - look yellow jumpsuit with telephone repairmen 's tool hang from he belt and a hard hat on . Kelly carry a toolbox . bart stay low . on my signal . he look at Kelly . then he hold up one finger and gesture " go . " they sneak hunch over towards the fence . a little girl come out of the house and stop when she see they . Bart and Kelly look at each other . Bart take the toolbox and gesture to Kelly by point at the girl and cover he mouth . Kelly peel off towards the girl while Bart continue across the lawn . the girl start to scream . Kelly swoops up and cover she mouth with he hand . he tuck she under he arm and run towards the opposite side of the house . he put the girl down , still cover she mouth . kelly we be the good guy . if you scream , the bad guy be go to come and burn down you house . okay ? so stay here and be quiet . the girl nod . Kelly take he hand off she mouth and start to sneak away . girl my dad have a gun . Kelly run across the street to get a view of the front door . in front of lance's house Bart turn up the driveway and ring the doorbell . lance's mother open the door . Bart confer with she briefly and step inside . the door close behind he . Kelly stare so hard at the door he do not see the neighbor come up behind he . neighbor can I help you , young man ? Kelly start and turn . kelly I be just inspect you lawn . Kelly grab a few blade of grass . kelly have you think about astroturf ? it take a lot less water to keep green . I mean , no water , technically . neighbor I be not interested . kelly oh. I see . okay then . Kelly get up and start to walk down the street , only - lance pull up in he suv . Kelly dart behind a park car and watch lance go into the house . kelly oh , shit . lance come right back out . he forget something in he car . kelly oh , shit . Kelly move around the car , try to keep it between he and lance . Bart come down the front walk whistling and eat a cookie . he smile at lance , now come back up the walk . lance smile worker bee . I will be you boss some day . Bart nod and tip he hard hat . Kelly follow he on the other side of the row of car until lance 's house be out of sight . then he get in step beside Bart . bart what a asshole . his mom give I cookie , though . kelly do you get it do ? bart do not ask stupid question . let 's go home and listen . int . bowland house , bart room - day the boy sit around a fm receiver / recorder . bart it be a five - watt fm bug , so we should be in range - Bart flip the on switch and lance 's Mom 's voice fill the room . the boy smile with delight . lance's mom ( o.s. ) so then I tell she , " harriet , with potato salad like that it 's no wonder Ray - Ray 's cheating on you . " woman ( o.s. ) you do not . lance's mom you be right . but I be think it . instead I just tell she to add more vinegar next time , and - Kelly shake he head as the woman natter away . kelly I do not think we can use any of this . bart be patient . it 's voice activate , so we will get everything . trust I . it 's go to be great . kelly all right , then . Kelly get up to leave while Bart fiddle with the knob . bart we reconnoiter tomorrow at nineteen hundred hour . int . ernswiler house , kitchen - night abe and Eve have dinner together . eve -- and if we do not sell they there , we will set up on the corner of Stevens and Lane , by the gas station . that 's a good location . Eve look at she husband and see he 's not pay attention . he seem a little out of it . he 's push he food around on he plate . eve be you listen to I ? abe do you make this with more chili pepper than usual ? eve the same as always . Kelly come in , walk through the kitchen and up the stair . eve Kelly . want dinner ? kelly ( o.s. ) I eat . his parent eat for a minute in silence . abe wince and put down he fork . Eve smile tenderly at he . eve one day , we be all go to be happy . abe put he hand over hers . abe that sound nice . int . bowland house , bart room - night Bart move around the room excitedly . bart it 's really too perfect , actually . kelly what ? what ? bart I can not describe . just hit play . it 's all cue up . Kelly hit a button . the tape click on . from the speaker come : BRIDGET ( record ) I tell you , that make I nervous . I no likey . lance but baby , my birthday 's come up . BRIDGET still . that 's not a good enough reason . lance come on . a little action . a little prime time action . BRIDGET but people might see we . lance that 's the point . that 's what make it sexxxy . dangerous . Kelly stop the tape . kelly dangerous . bart exactly . Bart and Kelly share a look . Kelly grin . kelly let 's draw up the plan . bart I have a few note jotted down . all we have to do be fill in the detail and let operation deadmeat begin . int . shaker height high - day Bridget primp at she locker while Kelly watch nervously from he . when she start to close the locker door , Kelly rush towards she and bump into she . her book and papers spill to the floor . kelly oh Jesus , I be so sorry - he start pick they up . BRIDGET oh , it 's okay - she look around . if lance show up it would not be good for either of they . Kelly hand she the rest of she stuff . they part way . Kelly shove a piece of paper into he pocket . principal holmstead click down the hall in she heel and Kelly duck into a doorway just in time . he turn and pretend to look at a post announcement as she pass . int . bowland house , bart bedroom - night Bart inspect Bridget 's book report with a jeweler 's loop . he swing over to a piece of stationary Kelly 's work on . bart she dot she I 's with heart . and she L 's be loopier . the L be very important . kelly I be work on it . they both crouch over the paper . kelly I feel kind of bad for she . she 's a nice girl . bart sometimes collateral damage can not be avoid . kelly stop it . he push back from the table . kelly how do that look ? bart ( inspect ) pretty good . I think we be ready to manufacture a document . Kelly take out a fresh sheet of paper . bart ( clear he throat ) begin . " hey daddy . it 's you birthday and you have be a very bad boy . but so have the baby . both baby and daddy have to get punish , only this time - int . lance's room - night lance , shirtless , read aloud from the letter . lance ( cont . ) - baby make the rule . await further instruction at school tomorrow -- ext . STREET - day Bart wear he school uniform and sit in the passenger seat next to Kelly . lance ( v.o. cont would ) -- baby will be wait where daddy least expect she . Love , bridgie . " yes ! bart do you have everything ? Kelly just look at he . Bart 's already ask this question . bart we can not afford any error . kelly you do not need to tell I . it 's my ass on the line . Kelly pull up in front of Bart 's school . Bart turn to he and put a hand on he shoulder . bart I wish I could be there to see it . kelly you will get the de-brief . bart it 's a day that will live in infamy . kelly you could not do any better than that ? bart I do not hear you come up with anything . Bart hop out and salute Kelly , who give he the thumb up in response and pull away . int . shaker height high - day lance can not keep he hand off Bridget . BRIDGET what 's get into you ? lance nothing , you bad girl . lance cackle . BRIDGET do you drink a bottle of robitussin before school again ? the bell ring . lance see you soon , my naughty baby . Bridget look a little scared . int . history CLASS lance slouches into a seat next to Kelly , who drop another stationary note into lance 's open backpack . Kelly watch as lance grab he book , see the note , open it , and leer . lance it 's my birthday ! I be go to get a present . Kelly look down at he desk and smile . lance damn it , fuckface . what be you smile about ? you wish you be I . lance raise he hand . lance Mr. palmer ? May I be excuse ? lance leave like a house afire . kelly ( to himself ) eine maus findet de kase . int . hall lance sneak down the hall towards the storage closet and whisper into the door . lance daddy 's here for the Easter egg hunt . he pull open the door . nothing . int . storage closet lance turn on the light . no one there . but propped up on the shelf next to a vase with a rise in it be another note . lance ooh , push my button . he snatch the note . his eye widen as he read . lance oh yeah . oh yeah . you little minx . int . langely prep , bathroom - day Bart crouch in the stall , look at he watch . when the second hand sweep past the twelve , he open he cell phone and punch in a number . bart ( serious grownup voice ) yes , I need to get a message to Bridget shumann . this be mensa . int . shaker height high , cafeteria / gym - day lunchtime . typical bedlam . kide mill around . at one end of the cafeteria / gym be a small stage , the kind pep rally be hold on . lance edge he way through the crowd , make a beeline for the stage door . int . shaker height high , MAIN office a confuse Bridget stand at the secretary be desk . BRIDGET but I just get this note last period . secretary well I do not have anything here for you - let I look again . oh yes , the mensa call . the secretary hand Bridget the message . she look at it . BRIDGET cool . they want I to be a honorary member . ( pause ) be that like a sorority or something ? int . backstage lance look around eagerly . he peek through the curtain at all the kid and can barely contain he excitement . lance bridgie ? come on , daddy 's sick . he need he medicine . he spot a woman in the shadow . it must be Bridget . he unbuckle he pants and let they drop to he knee . lance I bring we friend along . he 's happy to see you . he rip off he shirt and shuffles across the dark stage toward she . int . lighting booth Kelly look at he watch . int . langely prep classroom Bart look at he watch in anticipation . int . lighting booth Kelly flick a switch and press a button . int . cafeteria the crowd fall silent and turn towards the mechanical sound of the stage curtain open . they squint from the bright stage light . SHOCK ripple through the crowd as they take in the tableau reveal to they : a freeze half - naked lance on he knee before a blow - up doll tie to a chair . lance what the fuck be you all look at ? Bridget , stand in the doorway , cover she mouth in horror . student 1 look , he 's get a hard on . student 2 eeeeew . lance stumble off stage to hoot and catcall , but mostly hysterical laughter . int . lighting booth Kelly smile , laugh and clap he hand with delight . then he return to military precision . he turn all the switch back to how they be and use he shirtsleeve to cover the doorknob so as not to leave fingerprint . int . bowland house , dad' library - night Bart pour they two glass of he dad 's scotch . he 's overjoy . bart you be kid I . kelly yup . there it be . the whole school see it . be not too impressive either . they raise they glass to each other . bart to operation mincemeat . kelly to the 193rd . they both take swallow of scotch . Kelly retch . bart how do it feel to give better than you get ? Kelly finish he scotch . kelly good . Real good . bart you want some more ? kelly ( croaking ) do not mind if I do . bart that 's my boy . the drink again . Kelly 's foot be up . for the first time , he look comfortable . int . supermarket - night Sarah stand at she register , flipping through a magazine . Kelly pull up on the electro-shopper with field goggle on . kelly you know what this be ? he put he foot down like a kickstand . kelly eighteen volt of pure freedom . sarah sound dangerous . kelly oh , it be . unless you know how to handle it . Kelly run he hand lovingly along the frame . then he look up at Sarah . kelly you ever see the freshly wax floor in the produce section glisten under full florescence ? it 's breathtaking . Sarah get on behind he . kelly hold on tight . he put he foot up and kick it into gear . the electro-shopper take off - barely . Kelly take the corner too sharp and clip the edge of a end cap display of cereal box -- they fall to the floor . the electro-shopper inch forward . kelly Close call . sarah have you be drink ? int . parent bedroom - morning Kelly look in at he parent , check to make sure they be still asleep . when he leave abe open he eye and listen to the door close downstairs . int . eve' studio Kelly throw some paint and brushes into he backpack . ext . bowland house - day Kelly stand awkwardly on the front stoop with he backpack . minnie open the door . minnie Kelly ? Bart 's not here , he - kelly oh , that 's all right . actually , I be here to see tabby . just to do a little painting with she . minnie she 's out back in she studio . kelly thanks . int . tabby's studio tabby stand barefoot in the sunlight , a palette knife in she hand . Music 's play . Jeff Buckley . she look over as the door open , surprised . tabby Kelly ? kelly hey . I warn you I would come . tabby you do . she go back to painting . Kelly stand there for a minute , wait for she to say something else , give he a invitation . she do not . until she look up and see he stand in the same place . kelly maybe I should go -- tabby well you be here now . go ahead . set you canvas up . use one of the one in the corner . Kelly look through they and pick one . tabby brushes be in the jar . paint 's in the drawer . kelly I bring my own . he take off he backpack and open it . tabby well then . Kelly busy himself pull out paint and other supplies . he can not help but look at she . the light hit she hair and she glow . she catch he look . kelly do it mess up you concentration ? I be here ? tabby no . she turn back to she painting . kelly oh . that 's good . Kelly set up he canvas . tabby just do not talk . kelly why would I ? tabby ( pause ) I be kid . kelly right . irony . I like that . Kelly feel the tube of paint . nervous . squirt some color out . look over he shoulder at she . he 's try to get he act together , to be cool about be there , in the studio , alone with she . try to figure out how to play it . miner ( o.s. ) hey ! hey babe . miner open the door . see Kelly . smile like the stockbroker he be and cross to he . miner miner Webber . miner hold out he hand for a good old - fashioned shake . Kelly take it . kelly Webber miner . miner look confuse . tabby Kelly . this be Kelly - kelly Kelly ernswiler . sorry . I - miner quite all right . ( smile as a afterthought ) so , what do we have here , a little painting class ? tabby Kelly 's a friend of Bart 's . he paint . miner oh ? what 's you real job ? Kelly smile eagerly at miner over the edge of he canvas . kelly that would be stock boy at the shop rite . but , as President Don kaminsky say , every employee be part owner . so you could say I be a captain - of - industry in training . kind of capitalist larva . miner that 's quite a image . kelly only if you see the most magical part . do you see ? miner what ? Kelly spread he arm out and flap they a little . kelly one day I will be a beautiful butterfly . first I will have to be a pupa though . I figure I will not be go out much then . pupa : the awkward adolescence of the insect world . miner stare at Kelly . he can not tell what he might be make fun of , or if it might be he . miner whatever it take to get you through the day . Kelly roll he eye at this uninspired response , though miner do not see it . he grab tabby 's paintbrush and pull she to he . miner I have the afternoon off . come away with I . tabby I be not at a good stop point . miner oh , come on . they will still be here . ( to Kelly ) I know you will still be here . Kelly smile he most idiotic energetic smile and slap paint on he canvas in exaggerated stroke . tabby I really should not . miner but everyone will be come soon . and it will get all crazy , and we will not have any time to ourselves . tabby we will . I promise . tabby kiss miner . he realize there 's no convincing she and sigh . miner like tonight ? we can practice honeymoon suite . tabby maybe . probably . miner look at Kelly , who look away . then he put he hand in he pocket and leave . tabby and Kelly paint in silence for a while . Kelly move around to look at he canvas from different angle , like he 's copying what he think a painter would do . kelly be he always like that ? tabby like what ? kelly overbear . tabby stop and put down she brush . tabby just because he do not want to picture you as a pupa ? kelly oh , he will - later . when he 's alone . whether he want to or not . Kelly paint . kelly not that though . how he want you to stop . tabby he want to be with I . what 's so bad about that ? kelly just because some one want to be with you do not mean they be good for you . Kelly be suddenly very involved with he painting . he have a hard time make eye contact with tabby . kelly no one should ever ask you to stop . if you stop , you might not be able to start again . or you might start again , only thing will be different . tabby well , that 's sweet - kelly it 's not sweet , actually . it 's just the truth . tabby hey , I can take care of myself . she pick up she brush . kelly when 's the wedding ? tabby at the end of the month . but do not ask I about it . it make I nervous . Kelly look at she seriously . kelly why ? be something wrong ? tabby no . awkward silence . tabby what be you painting ? Kelly stop and sigh , now back in serious artist mode . kelly really , there be so many layer of - imagistic symbolism - that I really do not feel comfortable summing it up , but , well - it 's a recur dream image . a mermaid riding a rocket ship . tabby stop painting . tabby how ? kelly what do you mean , " how ? " sidesaddle . she 's riding it sidesaddle . she 's get a fish tail , for chrissake . I have not decide yet if she 's get scuba gear on or not . tabby do you have any idea what you be talk about ? Kelly put up he thumb in a approximation of a artist 's gesture . kelly do that matter ? tabby well , some people actually say what they really think . kelly what if they do not know what they really think ? tabby it do not matter . it 's call be yourself . kelly sound boring . tabby not boring . scary and wonderful and exciting . Kelly stop squeezing paint onto he palette . his gesture slow down . he 's take this in . then he shake it off . kelly hey . I be try to create here . stop distracting I . int . eve' studio - night Kelly come in to return the art supplies . xiou - xiou 's alone work . she look up and smile at Kelly . kelly Mom 's get you work late ? xiou -xiou no . Kelly walk over and see what she 's work on . a beautiful spare chinese landscape . kelly wow . you be really good . why do you make that stupid animal for mom ? xiou -xiou each painting be a lesson . here - she get out a piece of paper for he . kelly I be make a lot of art this day . I guess that mean a lot of lesson . xiou -xiou each line have a whole draw contain in it . each draw have a whole life contain in it . kelly oh , that 's all ? Kelly watch she for a minute , the delicate whoop and swirl of she stroke . he dip a brush into the ink and watch xiou-xiou 's restrain and confident movement . Eve lean against the doorframe . eve hey you two . I will try not to act surprised . it might spoil the moment . Kelly put down the paintbrush . kelly I can not do this . I have to go . eve keller , I think I be miss some art supplies . have you see they around the house ? Kelly avoid she eye as he leave . kelly no , I have not . eve I do not know what to do with he . xiou -xiou you son be not yet cook . give he time . Eve look over xiou -xiou 's shoulder . eve when be you go to let I give you you own show ? we could do it for real . xiou -xiou no problem . when you offer I a eighty - twenty split . int . bowland house , dine room - night Kelly eat with the bowland - Bart 's mom , mathilda , he dad harrison , and tabby and Bart . the bowland dress up a bit for dinner , like any good wasp family . bart ( to Harrison ) -- but I tell you I want to take german -- harrison german 's a cold War language . you can not get any kind of State Department position without more diverse linguistic training than that . you will take chinese . Bart frown . harrison be we on the same page ? bart ( mutter ) same page . everyone eat in silence . mathilda ( to tabby ) so darling , when be you go to bite the bullet and do the seating arrangement ? tabby put down she fork . tabby I can not deal with that stuff , mar . I do not care who sit next to whom . I should have elope . kelly after all , Mrs. bowland , sometimes when you bite the bullet , it explode in you mouth . mathilda look surprised . this could go either way . mathilda ( tentatively ) why , I have never think about it before but that be a rather strange expression , be not it ? you would not say , " sooner or later you have get to put the grenade in you pants , " would you ? harrison but have you ever notice how in movie they always bite the grenade before they throw it ? kelly yeah , but they never take a bite out of they pants . everyone but Bart laugh . tabby throw Kelly a grateful glance , for get she out of a conversation she do not want to have . mathilda what a unusual conversation ! do you have similar discussion at the dinner table with you family , Kelly ? kelly basically . I ask why all the furniture be miss and my dad reminisc about drop acid and watch Neil armstrong walk on the moon . all but Bart laugh again . tabby he talk about art . bart / mathilda you do ? Kelly look down at he plate . kelly my mother 's kind of a artist , so - harrison you come from a creative family , do you ? mathilda salt she food . mathilda I wish my boy would talk to I about my passion . I can not get they anywhere near the subject of my garden . kelly I notice you magnolias . very fine specimen . mathilda they be fine , be not they ? mathilda beam . bart ( ironic ) be there nothing you can not discuss ? if anyone notice the slight edge to Bart 's voice , they ignore it . harrison here , Kelly , try a bit of this leek . minnie have a way with the white sauce . int . bart room Kelly and Bart play playstation ii " Medal of honor " in Bart 's bedroom . Bart be sulk , almost imperceptibly . bart my dad have this friend who 's a director . he 's shoot a documentary for the History Channel . kelly cool . bart he need some guy to do a reenactment of some european theater battle for he . Kelly stop play and look at Bart . kelly we be go to be on the History Channel ? Bart 's eye stay on the screen . bart I have not ask you yet . kelly oh , come on . Kelly jab at he controller . bart well , if you want to . next weekend . but you have to take it seriously . Kelly give Bart a derisive glance . kelly what do you mean ? of course I will . the flicker tv light illuminate Bart 's pinch look . bart from what I have see , you play fast and loose with you characterization . this have get to be straight up . this annoys Kelly . kelly I be not " fast and loose . " I play the emotional truth . I make it real . Bart glance at he . bart like back in the dining room ? kelly what do that have to do with it ? Bart shake he head . bart ( mimic ) " I notice you magnolias . very fine specimen . " that be real ? Kelly 's video game character die . he drop the controller . kelly what be this about ? bart ( shrug ) you just seem to have you own agenda , that 's all . Bart play on . he 's keep a lid on everything while Kelly get more and more agitate . kelly my own agenda ? what other reason be there to do anything ? bart I be just say . I know the difference between fantasy and reality . Kelly look at Bart in disbelief . kelly be you say I do not ? Bart will not meet he eye . bart I do not know . Bart pause the game . bart why do not you tell I you dad be a burn-out ? Kelly get up and grab he jacket . kelly why do you steal from yours ? he leave . Bart un - pause the game and continue play . int . shaker height high - day Kelly drink from the fountain and wipe he mouth on he sleeve . principal holmstead 's smile face greet he when he straighten up . principal Kelly ! I tell some of you teacher about you presentation . we be all really look forward to it . Kelly frown at the principal 's back as she click away . Sarah appear . they walk down the hall together . sarah what presentation ? kelly I do not want to talk about it . as a matter of fact , do I a favor and pretend you never hear anything about it . sarah okay . um. kelly what , Sarah ? sarah it 's nothing . I - Kelly start to pull ahead . sarah I have a extra ticket to aerosmith this weekend . kelly aw Sarah , that 's really great , I mean . it 's just that - I be busy . sarah oh . yeah , I figure . okay . I will see you in the dairy section , though . kelly right . she stand there look lose . ext . bowland house - day Kelly smoothes the cover over he Jeep . Bart pull up to the curb in he BMW . kelly what be you do here ? bart I track you down . there 's someone I would like you to meet . int . old soldier ' home - day a few old soldier sit sun in chair in the industrial feel live - room . Bart and Kelly sit across from charlie haye , a old black guy , play dominos . charlie ( to Kelly ) be you one too ? kelly yup . charlie and what do you see in that ? kelly live , die , camaraderie , bravery - the big stuff . thing we do not have anymore . charlie I see . Charlie sort he tile and scowl . he lean in to Kelly 's face , give he the eye . charlie and do you think it 's brave get trench foot and syphilis , eat another ration of spoiled frank and bean out of a dent can ? Kelly be take aback by this . kelly well , no - Charlie lean back and nod , think about Kelly 's response . he no longer seem angry . charlie yeah , that would not be much fun , would it ? kelly no , sir . Charlie set down a tile and pull at he chin . charlie part of it be kind of fun though . I get separate from my platoon and live for two week in the forest of the ardenne live off what I could kill . ( pause ) I feel very close to the land . Bart give Kelly a significant look . Kelly do not notice . he 's look closely at Charlie . ext . gas station - day Kelly sit in the car . Bart pump gas . they talk through the window . bart I meet he when my mom make I go around carol with the youth Group . kelly you do not really believe that stuff about Berlin ? and Hitler 's compound ? bart do it matter ? kelly of course it matter . do not the truth matter ? Bart grin . bart I do not know . you tell I . Kelly avoid this by get out of the car . kelly I want a drink . let I borrow a couple buck . bart I tell you not to play he for money . kelly I be try to be nice . he 's you friend . Bart return the pump and screw in the gas cap . bart exactly . you should know better . what do you want . kelly Mountain Dew - just then he glance towards the gas station and see eve , set up in the adjacent abandon lot . she 's get the van park there with the slide door open and painting propped around on display . kelly -- oh shit . but Eve have see he . she shield she eye with she hand and call to he . eve Kelly ! Kelly backtrack towards the car . bart that woman 's call you . Eve walk over to they . Kelly can not get out of it . kelly ( low ) Bart . meet my mom . Eve smile brightly . eve what a nice surprise . it 's so nice to finally meet you . Bart be surprised but recover he manners quickly , just like he 's be teach to . bart likewise . so , do a little business ? eve a little be right . but I work it as much as I can . Eve laugh . Kelly shift he weight from foot to foot . Eve look at both of they . eve so , what have you boy be up to ? kelly Bart take I to meet he friend Charlie at the Old Soldiers ' Home . eve Charlie at the Old Soldiers ' Home ? kelly you do not know he . eve you boy should swing by Care House . there be some vet there . kelly we can not . eve oh. well - okay . Eve watch a car pull into the lot next to the van . eve I should go . but you boy should come over to we house some time . ( to Bart ) I know you family must get tired of he . Kelly visibly bristle at the think of he parent entertaining Bart . bart not at all . but I would love to , anyway . Eve look at Kelly . then she run back over to the van . kelly there you go . now you know everything . bart what 's you problem ? she 's pretty cute . Kelly roll he eye and get back in the car . bart do not you want you soda ? kelly forget it . int . bowland house , bart bedroom - night Kelly watch Bart pick through part of he uniform . after the encounter with mom , he 's retreat into himself . bart so filming 's on Saturday . can you make it ? kelly be you kid ? bart good . it 's gonna be really cool . he 's get a explosive expert come . Kelly do not say anything . bart what 's up ? Kelly run he hand through he hair . he can not bring himself to say what 's really on he mind . kelly remember that stupid speech ? Kelly pick up Bart 's colt and sight with it . Bart frown . he know Kelly 's avoid the real stuff . kelly I be suppose to give it next week . Bart polish he combat boot . bart maybe you should talk to my dad about it . kelly you think he would go for that ? Bart keep he head down , polish intently . bart of course . he love you . he be talk the other day about help you out . ( ironic ) want to go to Dartmouth ? kelly be you serious ? bart he be . if you apply for spring semester , he could " pull some string . " kelly ( shake he head slowly ) I do not think that would work for I . consider -- my background . bart yeah , probably not . kelly I be not properly socialize . I would not fit in . Bart check he bandoleer and cartridge . bart that 's bullshit . kelly no , it 's not . bart tell that to my family . they be like you fuck fan club . Bart pause , dart he eye at Kelly . bart even tabby like you . kelly so much she ratted I out to you . bart well , she 's invite you to the wedding . kelly oh. Bart watch Kelly 's face . bart but you probably will not enjoy that much , will you ? kelly I do not know what you be talk about . wedding ? I love wedding . I always get drunk and make out with someone 's cousin . Bart throw he olive drab sock at Kelly 's head . bart good , I will call mom 's nephew fletcher and tell he to expect a little action . kelly fletcher , eh ? bart he 's twelve . let I give some advice . he 's very into shark at the moment . ext . bowland house - night Kelly wave to minnie and go out the front door . there he pause , try to decide what to do . then he scowl . he go around the corner . towards tabby 's studio . int . tabby's studio tabby sit on the couch face away from the door . Kelly enter . kelly why do you tell -- tabby turn toward he . she 's cry . kelly what ? oh , I be sorry . he know he should leave , but Kelly just stand there . Kelly run he hand along he pants in a nervous gesture . tabby dab at she face . tabby miner and I break up . beat . kelly I be sorry . tabby yeah . kelly honestly ? I do not think you two be right for each other . tabby you do , huh ? Kelly walk over to she painting . kelly like this painting . stare at it too long and you can not see it anymore . but if someone else see it for the first time , they can tell exactly what it be . tabby I do not need any more bullshit right now . Kelly stop , take aback . he walk away from the painting . kelly he could never understand you . tabby I be not as complicated as you think . Kelly walk to the window and look out . kelly I never say you be complicated . tabby laugh / cry at this . tabby oh . kelly he just be not the right one . tabby nod . she 's start to calm down a little . tabby there 's more to it than that . tabby look at she shred tissue . Kelly sit down on the couch next to she . kelly I be really sorry . I really be . tabby thanks . Kelly pat she knee awkwardly . kelly do not cry . tabby turn she face to Kelly 's . tabby you like I , do not you ? kelly of course . tabby close she eye . tabby no , I mean -- you like I . Kelly look scared . he want to retreat . but he calm himself down . kelly yeah . I think you be amazing . tabby well , do something . Long pause . then -- Kelly kiss she . she kiss back and they fall against the couch together . ext . bowland house - night bart ( o.s. ) all right , all right . I be go . Bart come out in he pajamas to turn off the sprinkler . he look up and freeze . Kelly come out of tabby 's studio . he shut the door carefully and walk around the pool . Kelly do not see Bart . Bart do not say anything . he just watch Kelly go . int . ernswiler house - day Kelly throw part of he soldier 's kit onto he bed from corner of the room . the canteen underhand . the Jeep cap as a free throw . this be the best day of he life . until he find he uniform crumpled up behind the door , still crust with mud . kelly damn it . damn it . he flop on he bed . but he can not help it . soon he 's smile again . he get up , gather up the uniform , and tear out of the room . int . kitchen Kelly come down the stair two at a time , sing . Eve and abe watch surprised from the table . abe look pale . kelly what ? int . bowland house , bart room - night Bart sit in he desk chair , frown . mathilda knock and open the door . mathilda minnie 's start dinner . be Kelly come over ? bart not tonight , mar . mathilda pause and look at she son . mathilda okay , then . ext . battlefield - day a assistant director and cameraman unload equipment from a van . the director look off into the distance , try to visualize . Kelly pull up next to the van . he wear a spotlessly clean uniform . director be you with the 101st or the 82nd ? kelly well , 82nd today . it 's not my usual division . technically , my patch indicate - director whatever . make yourself comfortable . we will be a while set up . some of the other boy be over by craft service . kelly oh ? Kelly do not go anywhere . director the snack table . it 's over there . someone will come get you when we be ready . kelly right . be Bart bowland here yet ? director Bart ? oh , Harrison 's son . I do not know . kelly ok . thanks . craft service Kelly and a half dozen other soldier stand or sit in the grass around the table . they talk and rest on they backpack . a makeup artist make the round . makeup artist ( to Kelly ) and you be ? kelly Kelly ernswiler , private first class . makeup artist all right , Kelly . let 's take a look at you . she get out some pomade and run a comb through he hair , slick it back . makeup artist that 's it , handsome . Kelly grin . when she walk away he mess up he hair again . he scan the crowd . no Bart . the a.d. walk over . a.d. okay , everyone . we be go to start positioning . then we will go through a few rehearsals . ( point at soldier ) you , you and you - go over there by that tree . you and you guy , behind the hill . ( look at clipboard ) okay , who 's get the Jeep ? kelly that mg ? she 's mine . a.d. great . we would like to use it . can you drive it beyond the hill over there ? Kelly try to act casual . kelly sure . I do not think that would be a problem . he walk towards he Jeep and pause . kelly have you see Bart bowland ? have he check in ? a.d . do not know . we have get enough people . it do not matter . Kelly nod , wonder a bit . but it 's soon forget . kelly ( to Jeep ) hot lip , old girl , you be go to be famous . a.d. ( yell ) okay people . listen to my voice . from now on , you do whatever this voice say . take you place . behind the hill Kelly wait with he rifle next to he Jeep , bored . he see a figure in the shadow of the tree . he raise he rifle and point it at the figure . kelly password . Bart step out of the barn . kelly hey ! where the hell have you be ? bart no where . kelly they put you over here with I ? that 's great . I think we will get some close - up . they want I to drive old lippy . be not that awesome ? Bart do not say anything . kelly what the hell 's you problem ? bart I ought to fuck kill you . kelly what ? bart you have to do it . Kelly shake he head , avoid Bart 's eye , try to keep it normal . kelly what be you talk about ? bart you just do whatever the fuck you want . and consequence do not matter , do they ? kelly be you out of you mind ? Bart look at Kelly . see nothing but a kid in a old Army uniform . bart what the fuck do you think she 's go to do , run off with you ? the blood rise to Kelly 's face . but he still will not look at Bart . bart you be a seventeen - year - old bag boy . she 's a Yale grad student . talk about live in a fuck fantasy world . Kelly 's hand turn white around the rifle . kelly no . you would rather have I be miserable like you be . Bart come closer . uncomfortably close . bart ( bite sarcasm ) once again , you have display you uncanny ability to nail the truth of a character . Kelly finally raise he head . and look Bart right in the eye . kelly stop talk out you dad 's mouth and use you own for once . Bart lunge at Kelly . ext . film shoot the camera 's set up . the group be in position . the a.d. stand by the cameraman . a.d. standby for rehearsal . cue the explosion . gray cloud explode in the field . Soldiers leap out of trenches . a.d. cue the Jeep . nothing happen . a.d. cue the Jeep . cue the fuck Jeep ! the a.d. shake he head . behind the barn the a.d. come around the corner follow by the cameraman . Bart and Kelly roll around on the ground . a.d . what the H. Christ be go on over here ? Bart and Kelly continue to fight . a.d. ( to cameraman ) hey , roll this . get this . be you get this ? the cameraman put he camera up to he eye and film . Kelly finally push Bart off he , get in he Jeep and drive away . a.d. ( to cameraman ) follow he . be you get it ? Bart sit on the ground , out of breath . a.d . we can use this . we will cut it together . the a.d. direct the camera at Bart . a.d . get close on he . Bart push the camera away . int . ernswiler house , kelly room - day Kelly lay in bed stare at the ceiling . there 's a cut across he eyebrow . Eve come in carry she car key and sit on the bed . kelly I do not want to talk about it . eve well , you be go to have to . you father 's at the hospital . kelly which one of he loser friend end up there ? Eve play with she key . then she stop . eve they think he have stomach cancer . Kelly feel the sensation of fall , like a dream . then he snort and roll over , away from he mom . kelly oh this be just perfect . Eve look at the back of Kelly 's head . she 's tired but still try to deal . eve why would you say something like that ? kelly because it seem to fit . eve " seem to fit . " do you understand what I just say ? Kelly get up . put he foot on the floor . his shoulder be slump . kelly why , do you want to say it again ? eve Kelly - kelly I have to go to work . he get up and hold the door open for she . Eve look at he , heart heavy . she leave . Kelly sit on the bed . then he look at the rabbit painting . he grab it off the wall and slam it backwards against the floor so he do not have to look at it . the painting fall back against the bayonet fix to Kelly 's rifle and tear . he kick it . int . grocery store - night Kelly angrily wrestle with giant box of paper towel . he rip open the box and they roll everywhere . Sarah watch from checkout . she come over to help he pick they up . sarah I forget to tell you this box be booby - trap . Kelly do not say anything . sarah the concert be lame . the open act singer rip he leather pants during a stupid dance routine and storm off stage . ( pause , look at he cut ) be you okay ? kelly no. sarah lance ? kelly no. Kelly gather a armful of paper towel . kelly listen , I be busy . sarah sure . I understand . kelly I doubt it . Sarah put a couple of roll on the shelf . sarah um , I do not have a perfect life , if that 's what you be ask . Kelly stop what he 's do . kelly no , Sarah , actually , I be not ask . I never ask you anything but you just talk anyway . have you ever notice that ? Sarah drop the roll she have in she hand . sarah fuck you . she leave . Kelly shake he head . int . tabby's studio - morning Kelly , still in he work clothes , come in without knock . kelly hey , I hope you be up - he stop when he see tabby and miner sleep together on the couch . tabby open she eye . tabby Kelly ? Kelly go and take he painting off the easel . kelly I just come to get this . Kelly leave . ext . bowland yard tabby follow Kelly across the yard . tabby hey . Kelly stop and turn around . kelly I guess the wedding 's back on . tabby we talk . tabby smile sadly . tabby I be really sorry . kelly do not be . they stand there in the yard . tabby wrap she arm around herself . kelly my dad 's get cancer . tabby look at Kelly , pain . tabby oh , Kelly . she take a step towards he . he back up . kelly I guess we all get what we deserve . Kelly look at tabby for a second , then turn and walk away . ext . rural road - day Kelly drive along a open stretch of road . he throw the painting out of the Jeep . he come to a turn and take it much too fast . the Jeep skid , teeter on two wheel , and go over the embankment . bottom of ditch steam trail up from the Jeep 's radiator . the front end be completely smashed . Kelly bang he fist against the steering wheel . kelly stupid bitch . then he calm himself , get out , and start walk . ext . shaker height high - day Kelly ride a old bike up to the bike rack and lock it . int . history CLASS Kelly come in late . mr. norman Kelly ! there you be . I be just tell the class about we special treat today . Mr. ernswiler be go to be give the three first - period history class a little talk about the Civil War . Kelly close he eye . he have forget - or try to forget . mr. norman let 's all make we way in a orderly fashion down to the auditorium , shall we ? the class bolt for the door . mr. norman orderly , I say orderly . Mr. norman look at Kelly pleasantly . mr. norman well , what be we wait for ? I be so look forward to hearing you view . int . auditorium Kelly sit in a chair on the stage next to Mr. norman . a scatter of kide sit out in the auditorium . principal holmstead stand at the podium . holmstead for that of you who have not have the chance to get to know Kelly , you should know he have a very interesting hobby . he take part in reenactment of World War ii battle right here in Ohio . audience kid I do that too . when I be seven . scatter laughter . Kelly frown . holmstead he have a unusual first -hand knowledge of history . we recently discover that this extend beyond World War ii to the Civil War , which he be go to discuss with you today . Kelly ? Kelly rise to scant applause . he stand at the podium , look out at the crowd . he look down and think . he look back up . the silence stretch . kid start giggle . finally he lean into the microphone . kelly I be sorry . he walk off stage . holmstead ( to Mr. norman ) well , go after he . ext . shaker height high - day on he knee Kelly fumble with he bike lock , get madder and madder . just as he 's about to get it undone -- lance appear . lance what , they re-assign you to the bicycle brigade ? Kelly frown at the lock . kelly I be busy . lance too bad , cause I be not . remember that little show I put on for the school ? kelly I do not know what you be talk about . lance oh , come on . pant down ? doll ? hard on ? Kelly look up at lance . kelly oh that . I hear about it . lance and do you hear I and Bridget be not go out anymore because of it ? kelly I have not be follow the story . lance yeah well , let 's get this over with . kelly it be over . lance push Kelly away from he bike . Kelly fall back on he hand . he squint up at lance and move back towards he bike . lance kick he back with he foot and look at he . kelly just let I go home . lance do you call I a homo ? lance kick he again . Kelly breathes hard . kelly this be not a good time for I . let 's re-schedule . lance no time like the present . lance pick Kelly up and slap he hard on the face . kelly first you should probably get I to write home to my mother . lance punch Kelly and he reel . then Kelly lunge for he and they fall to the ground . Kelly swing wildly but lance pin he down and give he a few good one . then Mr. norman come out . mr. norman stop it ! Mr. norman rush over to they . Kelly scramble up and rip at he bike lock , get on he bike and ride away . Mr. norman try to take a panting lance by the arm but lance shake he off . lance get off I . ext . ernswiler house - day Kelly ride by he house and keep go . ext . hospital - day Kelly stop and look up at the hospital but can not bring himself to go in . he pedal on . ext . cleveland waterfront - day Kelly sit on the load dock of a abandon factory . he watch the rusty barge glitter on the water . the wind ruffle he sweaty hair . ext . bowland house - day Kelly 's at the front door . minnie Bart 's not here . sorry . she close the door . Kelly wheel he bike down the driveway . he see Bart sit out by the pool with a couple of langely boy . Bart see Kelly and ignore he , laugh at something one of the guy say . int . ernswiler house , bathroom - day Kelly sit on the toilet , put a bandage on a red scrape down he arm . Eve appear in the doorway . eve oh Kelly . what happen ? Kelly look up at she . he 's still get the cut eyebrow , which have split back open , and some dry blood under he nose . kelly nothing . eve Jesus . let I see that . Eve come over and tilt Kelly 's head back to look at the cut . this be the first time she 's touch he . she get some antiseptic and ointment from under the sink along with Band - aids and go to work . kelly ow . Kelly let she dab at he face . he close he eye . eve I be go over to see dad . Kelly open he eye and pull away . kelly oh. Eve put a butterfly bandage across Kelly 's eyebrow . eve and you need to come . Kelly pull he head away . kelly I do not want to . eve at this point that 's not a option . kelly now 's not a good time , mar . Eve look at Kelly sadly . eve it 's never a good time . kelly you can not make I . Eve shake she head . eve ( voice rise ) it 's not about you anymore -- kelly do not you get it ? it be never about I . Eve rise to she foot . he 's just send she over the edge . eve ( yell ) what be wrong with you ? when be you go to stop blame we , blame he ? I be sick of you be angry . I want to be angry ! they just take out half of you father 's stomach - kelly enough . eve ( scream and cry ) you will not tell I what 's enough . you do not know about anything . all you do be fight fake battle , in the wood , on the playground . but this , right here , we - this be the real one , the only one worth anything . she stop and break down . eve the man I love be die . kelly that 's between you and he . Eve look at she son . her face look older . eve if I make a mistake , if you feel leave out , I be sorry . but I can only deal with one thing at a time . Eve leave . Kelly sit on the toilet , lose . int . kelly room - morning the sun shine in through Kelly 's window . he 's lay in bed awake - have be for a while . he get up and start dress slowly and deliberately . he put on he best shirt and tie , sense trouble when the tie 's too short . he pull the suit out of he closet . the jacket do not fit . the sleeve do not even go down to he wrist . and he can hardly button the pants . he rip off the jacket . he pull everything out of he closet . nothing there . he sit on the edge of he bed with he head in he hand . he look at he dress uniform , hang on the back of the closet in its dry -clean bag , right where he mom leave it . he shake he head . no , he could not do that . then he sigh . ext . episcopal church - day it 's decorate for a wedding . flower garland trail up the banister . guest trickle in . Harrison , dress in a suit with a boutonniere on he lapel , talk to a usher . harrison do not sit any of mathilda 's sister next to I if you can help it . ( to guest ) oh , hello . so nice to see you . thank you for come . Bart come outside , also dress as a usher . harrison ( to Bart ) where 's the priest ? bart he should be here any minute . calm down . Bart walk down the step and look down the street . Kelly 's walk towards he . in he dress uniform . Bart walk down the street to meet he . bart what the fuck be you do ? Kelly look down . he can not meet Bart 's eye . kelly I be invite . bart I uninvite you . kelly it 's not you wedding . Bart look at Kelly and shake he head . bart why be you wear that ? Kelly do not answer . bart ( soften ) I can not let you come in . kelly why ? bart because you know why . just go home . Kelly finally look up at Bart and nod . a town car pull up . tabby get out in she wedding dress . have there even be a more glorious woman ? will there ever be again ? her maid of honor lead she around to the side of the church . Kelly watch every step . kelly she look beautiful . tell she - give she my congratulation . Kelly walk off . Bart watch he go . int . bowland house , kelly room - day Kelly sit on the edge of the bed , head in hand . he see the tear rabbit painting . after a minute , he pick it up and look at it . int . eve' studio xiou - xiou sit painting . Kelly enter with the rabbit . xiou -xiou oh ! Son of Eve . you startle I . kelly grandma ling . can you fix this ? she examine it and take out a wet sponge . she wipe it across the back of the canvas . xiou -xiou you mom make it for you . I can fix it . she work silently for a minute . Kelly watch she . she cut a small piece of canvas to repair the hole . kelly do you come here to work on you own stuff ? do not waste you time on this . xiou -xiou I never waste time . she turn the painting over and get out some paint to touch it up . xiou -xiou see . everything can be mend . kelly you be try to tell I something , be not you ? xiou -xiou oh no . I could not tell you anything . int . hospital , abe' room - day Eve sleep in a chair next to abe , in bed sleep . he look pale but otherwise fine . Kelly stand in the doorway , still in he uniform . abe come to and see he stand there . abe hey . Kelly . kelly hey dad . how you feel ? abe not bad . kelly they give I some stitches downstairs . ( point to eyebrow ) Three . abe do you get punch ? kelly a couple time , actually . abe I know the feel . come on in and watch some television . do not worry , this one 's bolt to the wall . as you can see , my reputation precede I . Kelly come into the room and sit in a chair . abe any battle this weekend ? kelly a few . abe busy , busy . abe and Kelly look up at the television in the corner . abe answer I this : how come no one ever reenact the Vietnam War ? kelly it would be pretty depress , would not it ? abe I guess it would . both continue to look up at the television . kelly plus that , you would have to have protester and stuff . abe folk dress up like you mom and I . people reenact flee to Canada , burn draft card . I guess that would ruin the spirit of the thing , now would not it ? kelly I could make it work . abe look at Kelly . abe I bet you could . Kelly nod . Eve wake up . eve Kelly , be that you ? kelly you be expect some one else ? hospital corridor Kelly and Eve get snack from the vend machine . kelly he look good . Eve look at Kelly , she face full of love and sadness . eve he look just like you . Kelly nod slowly , take this in . and it be finally too much . he break down and cry . for the fear and the misplace rage , the fight and the stubbornness . but finally , relief . they walk back down the hall together . Eve reach out and put she hand on Kelly 's neck . ext . bowland house - day Kelly ride he bike past the house and stop when he see the car pack up in front . Bart come out with a box of stuff . bart hey . kelly hey . you go away already ? bart yeah . the have this intensive summer orientation thing . kelly be that good ? Bart put the box in the car . bart well , it 's optional , but dad think it would be " a good way to meet people . " kelly he 's probably right . bart he usually be . they stand there . kelly well , go Big Green . Kelly give he a little ra-ra with one hand . Bart smile . Kelly 's be do he research . bart thanks . Kelly lift he foot up to the pedal of he bike . kelly have fun . and get laid , will ya ? Bart laugh a little and shake he head . Kelly be go . Harrison come out . harrison be that everything ? bart everything you would let I bring . Harrison check the tie on the roof . harrison give I a break . int . grocery store - night Kelly stock shelf . there 's a new girl work the register . Kelly see sarah come in . he follow she to the bakery . kelly hey . sarah hey . Sarah pick some bagel . kelly how come you do not work here anymore ? the electro-shopper 's get rusty . sarah I have get a summer internship at a ad agency . kelly Fancy . sarah it 's all right , I guess . kelly no , it 's great . Kelly move around to she other side , closer . kelly hey - Sarah move away . once bitten twice shy and all that . sarah when be you go to get a real job ? kelly I do not know . probably when I figure out something better to do . sarah you can not be a stock boy you whole life . Sarah walk to the front of the store . Kelly walk with she . kelly yeah I can . I mean , I probably will not , but I could . Sarah turn to he at the checkout aisle . sarah well , it be good see you . kelly um. sarah what ? kelly remember that presentation I tell you never to ask I about again ? int . old soldier ' home - day Kelly stand in the front of the room , point to a battle plan with large arrow draw on it . Charlie , Mr. norman , principal holmstead , Eve and Sarah sit among other old soldier . kelly Lee array he defense over here . only this time , grant be ready for he . Kelly keep talk . many of the old soldier sleep . old soldier 1 ( to old soldier 2 ) this be boring . old soldier 2 yeah . let 's see that slide of the wife again . domino table Sarah , Kelly , and Eve play dominos with Charlie and Mr. norman . mr. norman ( to Charlie ) remarkable , remarkable . and they never know ? charlie the real kicker be move that cutout of tank around . the think we have a whole regiment over there , but it be just a couple of we and that Hollywood prop . eve that 's amazing . Art play a part in war . charlie you be damned right . we practically win the thing right there . ( eyeing Sarah and Eve with approval ) now this be more like it . anyone care to place a wager on the table ? Kelly try to gesture to Sarah " no . " sarah if you think it would be more fun . mr. norman I can not imagine have more fun that I be now . Mr. norman smile at the group . charlie you be never be to a french whorehouse , I take it . eve I have . mr. norman oh , my . ext . old soldier ' home - day Eve wait while Kelly and Sarah walk out to Sarah 's car . Kelly help Sarah into it and close the door for she . kelly I still do not understand how you do that . sarah I spend my summer with my grandma in the catskill . she do not give I any spend money . ( shrug ) so I play the bone for ice cream . she pull away . he watch she go . kelly hot damn . fade out : the end