the taking of pelham one two three written by Peter Stone base on the novel by John godey 16th April 1973 1. fade in : ( before title ) ext . new york CITY - bloomingdale be - day the busy block between 59th and 100th - street in the middle of a weekday afternoon . bus , taxi , truck ; shopper , messenger , teenager . in one corner of the screen the time be superimposed : " 1:52 " now a man ( GREEN ) be zoom in on -- little of he actual face be visible because of he thick white hair , large bushy white mustache , dark glass and slouch hat . the rest of he be encase in a knee-length raincoat . he wear glove and be carry a large , brown - paper - cover package by a wooden handle attach to the twine secure it . the box have be address in black feel marker -- " everest Printing Corp. , 826 . Lafayette St. " -- and appear quite heavy . but Green have the gait of a man . young than he appear . as he turn and head down a flight of stair , camera zoom in even more to the single word on a sign : " subway . " int . subway - 59 th ST . change booth - day a level above the local , two above the express train . Green appear and join the line wait to buy token . wordlessly he shove two coin under the grille , receive he token , move on , drop it into the slot , push through the turnstile and head for one of the descend stairway . camera hold on a sign identify he choice : " irt . lex . ave . local . downtown .. " int . subway platform - 59th ST . downtown local - day Green come off the stair and arrive on a line with a placard that hang over the edge of the platform bear the number " 10 " , black on a white ground , indicate the point where the front of a ten-car train stop . now the sound of a distant rumbling , grow louder , make Green turn , . cross to the platform 's edge , lean out over the track and peer into the darkness of the tunnel beyond the far end of the platform . subway tunnel - green' Pov as the four light -- amber and white marker over white seal - beam headlight -- come into view and the train roar and clatter into the station . camera pan with the head car as it stop , its break sighing , and a pair of door in extreme foreground , rattles open . camera now move forward , into the car , then turn and through the still - open door , focus on the t.a. cop , still stand on the platform , regard Green ( camera ) . 2 . mo . shot - fifth car from the platform , feature the conductor ( bud carmody ) as he lean out of he window surveying the station . he have a young , boyish face surround by long , curly red hair . int . fifth car the door to the conductor 's cab be open as Bud continue to lean out the window . directly , behind he be matson , a older conductor of retirement age who be busy instruct the young man . matson c'mon , kid -- out loud so 's I can hear what you be doin' . bud I be check the passenger get on and off -- front and back -- okay , it 's all clear -- I be shut - ting the door ; -.rear section first -- ( push a button ) -- then the front section -- ( push another ) -- and -- the door be close . he pull he head in and check a row of light on a panel . bud now I be check the indicator box to make sure that the door be all lock -- okay . the train start with a jerk . bud igo back out the window -- ( he doe ) -- for a distance of three car - length to see that nobody 's be drag -- ( returning ) -- I remove my door key -- and then the skate key -- and then I hit the transmitter button . ( into a mike ) fifty -first Street ' next stop -- the next stop be fifty-first Street . ( turn to matson ) how would I do ? 3. 1 continued matson how come you wanna be a conductor , anyway ? do not you know the con - ductor 's sittin ' in the goddam hotseat ? bud what do you mean , Mr. matson ? matson you be visible , for God 's sake ! anything go wrong -- anyone 's get a gripe -- you be the one they see . Hell , in my twe n'y - nine year o' stickin ' my head out there I be slugge , spit on , hit by purse , fruit , roll - up newspaper , baseball mitt -- a ' . I be god - dam lucky ! I never be puke on by a drunk like Charlie boltzen be on the parkchester line -- or stab in the neck like I hear one fella be on the astoria bmt -- bud ( quietly ) Jesus . matson you take my advice , kid -- serve you six month a ' then put in for motorman . watch it , we be cumin ' in . Bud look quickly off , see the approach station and hit he transmitter button . bud ( announcing ) fifty - ninth STREET matson no it be not bud ( correcting ) fifty -first Street , sorry the station be fifty-first Street . matson never say you be sorry , kid -- somebody will come back here a ' bust you goddam nose . 4. continued - 2 Bud stick he head out the window , remember what matson tell he and pull it partially back in . 51st ST . station - bud Pov shoot through the conductor 's window as the train enter the station . we flash by the " rear - ender " ( that I wait for the last car ) and gradually slow until we stop -- and we be look right into the face of a man ( grey ) whose frame and feature , while entirely different from Green 's , be cover by the same identical external -- thick white hair , bushy white mustache , dark glass , slouch hat , glove and raincoat . he look at the conduc - tor ( camera ) for a instant , then dart away . platform - grey rider enter and exite the train as grey head down - track . he carry a large tan valise trim in dark brown . int . FOURTH car grey just make it to the car as the door close , hold they back until he 's squeeze through . the train start with a lurch as he head for the rear of the car and take up a position , lean he back against the storm door and place he valise on the floor , between he foot . he survey the car with cold , heavy - lidd eye . int . first car Green have a seat opposite the shut steel door of the motorman 's cab . his package be on the floor , between he knee , he arm rest on its top . two boy , ten and twelve , brother , be at the window of the front storm door , they eye glue to the track and tunnel before they , play . : at drive the train . int . fifth car - conductor' cab Bud be remove he key and activate he mike . bud ( announcing ) Grand Central Station , next stop -- the next stop be Grand Central . matson yeah -- if I be you I would start studyin ' for that motorman 's exam right now . 5 . continued bud to tell you the . ; truth , Mr. matson , I have be . want to hear some - thing ? ( reciting ) every car on the irt be seventy - two foot long , cost $ 250,000 and weigh 75,000 pound . it hold 44 seat with room for 136 stand . matson ' cept at rush hour when you can push in another 20 , at least . honest to God , i. know personally of a case where this guy on a number 5 train die of a heart attack at Union Square and he have t' wait until the Grand concourse in the bronx before enough people get off so 's he can fall down . ( a pause ) honest to God . bud Mr. d'agostino who ride with I last week say that happen on a double - a train on the West side . matson yeah ? who y' gonna believe ? a wop or a american ? ( looking out ) here 's where I be gettin ' off -- think you can get to brookly n Bridge all by yourself ? bud ( grinning ) Long as I do not have ' to drive -- matson stick with it , kid -- you be doin ' great . see ya t'morrow . he cross to the nearest door as the train decelerate . Bud activate . he mike and announce , wave to matson as he do . bud Grand Central Station -- change for the express . this be Grand Central . continued - 2 in the train stop , the door open and matson step out , collide with a very large man ( brow^? pn ) who be in a hurry to get aboard . his face be adorn with a large , white , bushy mustache , dark glass , a lot of white hair , a slouch hat and , cover the rest of he , a raincoat . he carry a outsize florist 's box , big enough for several dozen - long -stemm rose , under he . arm , and wear glove . matson what 's you hurry , chief ? we will not leave without you . Brown say nothing to matson , do not look at he , do not even seem aware of they cohtact . matson go off into the crowd on the platform and Brown head for the front of the car . int . first car - GREEN still sit , still face the motorman 's cab . the two boy continue to play at the front window . the door can be hear slamm shut and the train jerk into motion . bud voice ( amplified ) thirty - third Street -- next stop be thirty -third Street . suddenly Green 's hand , clutches at he shirt collar , unbut - tone the top button and loosen he tie . he breathes a sigh of relief , ' then notice that he leave leg be vibrat - ing . he quickly still it by place a hand on he knee . int . FOURTH car - grey lean back against the storm door . now he pick up he valise , turn and . look through the door , across the platform between the car , into the fifth car , and catch sight of Brown who nod , almost imperceptively . grey make no sign of recognition at all . he turn and start forward through the car , head for the third car . at the far end a man be stand in front of the door , lean down to talk to a seat girl . grey stop and wait a moment . finally : grey you ass . the man look around and survey grey . 7. continued nsfn what about it ? grey move it . the man glance at grey for a moment , then move it . grey open the door and step out onto the platform between the two car . twenty -eighth STREET platform close shot - station designation the tile mosaic spelling out " 28th STREET . " camera now dolly to a tight close shot of still another man with a white bushy mustache , white hair , dark glass , slouch hat , glove and raincoat -- blue . the time be superimposed : " 2 a 01 . " wider angle Blue stand at the downtown end of the platform , near the number 10 placard , carry a bulg canvas valpac in one haze and a trombone case in the other . a rumbling sound be hear , building , until a train roar through on the northbound express track , its light flash between the pillar . in a moment it be go and the sound die . now a young black , . dress in the latest extravagant pimp 's fashion -- flaring double - knit trousers , three - inch heel , wide - lapele jacket and white , extra-wide - brimm hat , swagger , loose -jointed , to a spot near Blue and wait , cool and relaxed . he become aware of Blue observe he . pimp what 's wrong , dude -- be not you .never see a sunset . before ? blue-smile softly and look uptrack . int . first car - GREEN bud voice ( amplified ) twenty -eighth Street -- next stop be twenty -eighth Street . Green glance at he watch , then turn to look at the storm door at the far end of the car . 8. grey - GREEN ' S Pov the far storm door -- with grey 's face see through the glass . tight close shot - GREEN as he nod to grey . int . second car as grey come back inside , close the door and wedge he hip securely against the brass handle . twenty -eighth ST . platform - local track as the train roar in , brake , ' and grind to a stop . camera zoom in on a sign on the side of the first car : " pelham BAY park " until only " pelham " fill the screen . mo . shot - blue he hang back until everyone have get on or off the train , then , without haste , carry the valpac in one hand and the trombone in the other , he approach the front of the first car . the motorman ( denny doyle ) , a middle - age man with a ruddy face and wear pin-stripe overall , be lean far gut of he window , look back along the platform . Blue put down he bag , put he right hand into he raincoat pocket and lean against the train with he leave shoulder , block doyle 's view of the rest of the train . doyle hey -- how do you expect I to -- ? he stop , suddenly aware that Blue have remove a very large army automatic from he raincoat pocket and have place the muzzle against he ( doyle 's ) head . doyle jerk he head back , suddenly , bang it hard against the windowframe . Blue crook he hand inside the window and now place the gun against the motorman 's cheek , directly under he right eye . doyle ( terrified ) for God 's sake --. what do you want ? blue I be take you train . freeze frame . ( MAIN title sequence begins ) 9 . mo . shot - bud as he hang out he window of the fifth car , look down - track , try to see doyle . train &amp ; platform - bud Pov Blue 's lack , by the head car , block any sight of the motorman . close shot - bud confused for a moment -- then : brown' voice turn around -- I have get some - thing to show you . Bud turn back , inside the car , then look down . close shot - revolver the snub-nose weapon have be push into Bud ' 's midsec - tion . freeze frame . ( MAIN title continue ) mo . close shot - blue &amp ; doyle Blue 's .45 still against doyle 's cheek . Blue speak calmly and quietly . blue unlock you cab or . doyle seem daze , in a trance . Blue press on the barrel of he gun , depress doyle 's cheek . blue pay attention to I . open you cab door or I '.11 kill you . freeze frame . ( MAIN title continue ) it3t . FI th car - conductor' cae mo . shot - brown &amp ; bud brown come in and turn around -- slow . Brown , florist 's box and all , have move into the small cubicle . when Bud pull he head in from outside they be very close . close shot - doyle's hand .as it grope blindly for the latch , find it and turn it with a click . the door open and camera tilt up to dis - cover Green stand outside . freeze frame . ( MAIN title sequence end ) int . fifth car - conductor' cab Brown 's gun be still press into Bud 's side . brown go back out the window and tell I what you see . Bud nod , lick he . dry lip and lean out , look to the leave , downtrack . front car - bud ' S Pov Blue be still lean against the head car , he back to we . bud voice there 's someone lean against the head car . brown ' S voice the second he come aboard shut the door . now Blue turn , pick up he valpac and trombone , enter the train and the door close . int . first car - motorman ' S cab as Green have move in with he large package , a gun in he hand . doyle stare at he , still terrify . GREEN get rid of you seat . doyle spring to he foot and swat up the fold seat with a clatter . doyle yes , sir ! GREEN just take it easy . now move over to the window -- and if you try to touch the mike pedal with you foot I will shoot it off . 12. continued a sharp rapping at the door and Green open it . Blue squeeze in , place he bag atop Green 's package . it be become very crowded in the cab as Blue again pocket he gun . blue all right , Mr. Green ? GREEN a hundred percent . blue then get it start . Green move over to face the control . he stare down at they for a moment , then reach with he leave hand to the controller , he right to the brake handle . press down firmly on the controller , he nudge it to the leave . twenty -eighth ST . platform as the train start to move forward -- slowly . int . fifth car - conductor' cab Brown still hold he gun on Bud . brown okay -- announce the next station . Bud press the transmitter button . I bud ( announcing ) twenty - third Street -- next stop be his voice croak then fail -- he can not finish . Brown prod he with he gun . Bud clear he throat , then try again . I bud ( announcing ) next stop be twenty -third Street . brown come on -- we be . take a walk up front . int . subway tunnel as the train crawl slowly through the darken tunnel . 13. int . first car - motorman' cab Green 's eye be on the control as Blue and doyle watch the track . GREEN you say when , Mr. Blue . blue keep go -- doyle you be still in switch . why do not you peg it up to series ? you be green all the way through . GREEN we be in no hurry . { suddenly there 's a pop sound and the power fail for a moment . blue what happen ? GREEN she must have buck . blue you say you could drive this thing . GREEN it be not mee doyle it 's the train -- she buck all the time -- especially in switch . she 's a dog . Green glance quickly at doyle and grin . GREEN what 's you name , motorman ? doyle denny doyle , sir . GREEN you ever be write up ? doyle yes , sir -- once . 14 . continued GREEN what for ? doyle running a red signal . the tripper stop we cold and I hadda climb down and reset them by hand but by that time Control know I be lie dead . I never get write up since . how about you ? GREEN twice . -- once on the canarsie -- blue that 's right , Mr. Green -- tell he all about yourself . F Green stop and look at Blue . blue ( looking out ) there 's the emergency power box . Green knock off he controller and ease the brake handle to the right . int . tunnez as the train slow and screech to a stop . int . motorman' cab GREEN yeah -- I be take the brake handle and the reverse key , denny -- and I want you cut key , too . he pull the reverse key out of its receptacle and hold out he hand . doyle fish into he overall , pull out the large key and give it to Green who put the brake handle and the two bulky key into he two raincoat pocket , then squeeze by Blue and the package and go out . int . first car as Green come out of the cab and close the door after he . the two boy be still there . he smile at they and start back , through the car . a couple of passengers glance at he but without interest . 15 . int . motorman' cab Blue and doyle . blue you will be hearing from Command Center in a minute ) be two but you will ignore the call -- you will not answer -- be that perfectly clear ? doyle yes , sir . ( a pause ) they can call all they . want. to -- I be deaf .. ( another pause ) yes , sir . I want to stay alive .. blue keep still ! int . first car as Green near the storm door , grey , who stand guard in front of it , glide to one side and open the door for he . GREEN thanks , Mr. grey . grey ( exaggerated ) do not mention it , Mr. Green . int . second car Brown slide open the door for Green , then slide it shut again . they speak in low tone . GREEN ( to bud ) give I you cab key . brown ( as Bud hesitates ) you get three second to live , conductor -- one -- two -- Bud whip the key from he pocket and hand it to Green , who unlock the cab door they be stand next to and enter , close the door after he . bud what 's he go to do ? 16 . continued brown you would not want I to spoil the surprise . int . second car - cab as Green seat himself before the panel and begin arming it . he fit the brake handle into place , then fish . the reverse key out of he pocket -- it be five inch long , with a shiny surface , and a wrench - type handle that fit into a receptacle on the flat portion of the controller -- and finally insert the cut key -- similar to the reverse key but with a slightly smaller head , and turn it . close shot - subway train couplib1gs as they disengage . int . first car - motorman' cab Blue and doyle , wait , neither say anything . sud - denly : radio ( correll ) Command Center call pelham one two Three -- come in , please -- doyle 's foot move toward the mike pedal and Blue kick he hard in the ankle . doyle owl I be sorry -- Z could not help it -- it 's automatic -- radio ( correll ) pelham one two Three , do you read I ? come in , pelham one two Three -- doyle look imploringly but Blue shake he head . finally : radio ( correll ) pelham one two three1 where the fuck be emu ? l int . grand central shuttle station two man be walk at a rapid pace : caz dolowicz , Super - vise towerman , a overweight man in he fifty , and a plumber , a short man dress in overall and a cap , carry - ing a long wooden box of wrench ; he struggle to keep up with dolowicz . the time be superimposed : 17 . continued " 2:07 . " plumber what 's the goddam hurry ? caz I tell you -- one of my towermen drop he wedding ring - down the john . plumber yeah , but what be we runnin ' for ? caz ( running ) who 's runnin ' ? they pass the nedick 's stand and caz push through a gate mark : " to super' office " . plumber how come that gate be not lock ? caz who 's gonna steal a subway train ? int . tunnel ramp as caz and the plumber hurry along . - plumber Christ , it stink down herel where the hell be we goin ' ? caz to the. Tower . plumber Tower ? then what be we goin ' down hey , slow up , will ya ? caz that 's it up ahead -- that window . plumber what kinda tower ? they have come to the door of the Tower room . they turn , go up some step and disappear inside . G 18. int . tower room a long , unadorn room with a row of desk with phone , and a door mark " toilet " . several towermen ( and mrs . jenkins , a black towerwoman ) sit at the desk before the flash phone console , talk to dispatcher , trainmaster and other tower . the predominant feature of the room , however , i be the electronic model board , stretch high across one wall , recording in color slashes of light the movement of every train that pass through the sector , all of it superimpose on a paint map show the line 's track route and station . one of the towermen , marino , rush over to caz as he and the plumber enter . marino Jesus Christ , cazâ€¢ , you pick a helluva day to be late -- caz you want a plumber down here , do not you ? whose goddam wedding ring be it ? marino ( pointing ) who else ? Mrs. Jenkins . mrs . jenkins I be sorry , Mr. dolowicz -- it just slip off . caz what be you doi nor with you hand in the john , anyway ? mrs . jenkins ( indignant ) . my hand - be not in the john , Mr. dolowicz -- it be over the john . caz what 's the difference ? ( to the plumber ) go fish it out , will ya ? as the plumber head off , caz turn to Marino . caz the classification 's be open to woman for only a month and already we be in the goddam toilet ! ( glance at the board ) what the hell 's that ? 19 . continued marino that 's what I have be tryin ' - to tell you , caz -- a southbound local . he 's lay down between 28th and 23rd . caz what the hell for ? marino dunno yet . caz how long ? marino couple - three minute . Command Center 's be try to raise he but so far he do not answer the radio . Jesus , caz -- why do not he answer the radio ? caz take it easy , Marino -- there 's lot o' reason . maybe he jump a ball and hadda leave the cab to reset a tripper -- or a door get hang and he hadda go fix it . any - thing more serious and he would 'a call in for a car knocker . marino it 's be too long , caz -- caz then maybe he radio 's bust and the sonuvabitch be too lazy to climb down and use a telephone ! I be gonna write he up for.this , goddammit -- I be gonna have he assn towerman hey -- it 's move ! everyone wheel around to stare up at the board . caz for Jesus Christ sake ! the dumb bastard 's move backwards !! 20 . int . subway tunnel slowly , the second to the tenth car be move away from the first car which continue to lie motionless on the track . the rear car roll about a hundred foot . int . second car - cab as Green , lean out the window and look behind he , now apply the brake handle and the train grind to a halt . int . tower room caz , Marino and the other be stare up at the model board . marino he 's stop again ! caz . stop be better than backwards . int . second car - cab as Green remove the brake handle and the two key , stuff they back into he pocket and leave the cab . I int . second car Brown and Bud be wait as Green step out . Bud stare at he . GREEN what 's wrong with you ? bud I do not know this thing would c of of backwards ! brown ( impatiently ) let 's go , Mr. Green . he open the storm door and hold it as Green go through first . int . tunp 'el as Green come out onto the threshold plate , crouch low to ease the impact , then jump down onto the concrete roadbed . Bud be next and Green help he down . then Brown . they walk quickly through ' the tunnel to the first car . grey have open the storm door for they and step out onto the plate to help they up . 21 . int . first car - motorman' cab Blue and doyle , the latter watch wide - eye as the former open he trombone case and remove a submachine gun . he check it then set it aside and remove the cord from Green 's package . radio ( correll ) come in , pelham one two Three for chrissake come in -- I Blue open the package , remove a second , identical automatic weapon . as he check it out , a rapping sound at the metal door and Blue open it . Green squeeze in . blue any trouble , mr.' Green ? GREEN smooth as silk , Mr. Blue . blue I unpack you weapon . get this thing move -- we be run - ning almost two minute behind . pick up he submachine gun , and hold it vertically along he pants leg , Blue ease himself through the door and shut it after he . radio ( CO rrell ) ( weary ) pelham one two Three -- can you hear I , pelham ond two Three -- ? Green quickly replace the brake handle and ease the controller to the leave . int . tunnel as the single subway car start to move slowly forward . int . tower room close shot - model board as a set of red slashes begin to flicker . reverse shot all eye stare up at the board ( camera ) . marino she 's move again -- forward this time ! 22. continued caz I get eye , have not I ? m marino well -- whatever it be , he 's okay now , thank God . int . first car it be move slowly . Blue stand by the cab , he gun still hold hide behind he leg . he look down the length of the car . mo . shot - brown , he undoe he flower box and remove another submachine gun . mo . shot - grey he have open he valise and have take out still another submachine gun which he grin at , happily . mo . shot - blue he come forward to the center of the car , now , make no attempt at inconspicuousness any more . blue ( loudly ) attention , please ! some faster than other , the passenger in the car be either distract from they read or talk , or around from they limbo of subway dead-headedness . registering different degree of interest , surprise , confusion , or ( in.some case , upon see the gun ) fright and even terror , they turn to face Blue . ' there be some sixteen of they : -- the black , modishly - dress pimp , in he 30' , see earlier on the station platform . -- a . plump . mother , forty-ish , high -strung , the parent of the t':o boy see earlier play :.ng motorman . -- a Puerto rican delivery boy , 20 , - with acne , wear a lumberman 's wool jacket , a small hat , and carry a large manila envelope . -- a black secretary , 25 , attractive , with a natural , and well - dress , who 's be read a book . continued 23. -- a hippie type , 24 , with shoulder - length blond Jesus Christ hair and a beard to match , wear a navajo - pattern woolen poncho , a headband , leather sandal and a zonk - out expression . -- a black maid , 50' , overweight , tired , wear a wig and a old fur-collared coat , end carry two bloom - dale 's shopping bag . -- a hooker , 32 , white , flashy , dark - haire , wear a short skirt , no bra and a anzac-type hat . a w.a.s.p. type , 40' , short -hair , wear a brown tweed jacket and a narrow tie . -- a black salesman , 35 , with a , sample case and a order book , wear glass . -- a woman wino , a derelict of indeterminate age , with roll down stocking , layer in ratty coat and sweater , wear wool glove with the finger out , miss most of she tooth , she hair stringy , she eye red-rimme , she complexion sallow , carry a pint bottle in a paper bag , pass out , dead to the world . -- a old man , 70' , tiny and alert , dress in a expen - sive but old - fashioned cashmere overcoat . -- two CO - eds , 18 and 19 , scrubbed , pretty , serious ( Hunter College , 68th St. Station ) , carry briefcase . -- a black fag , 25 , he hair straighten and pompadoure , he eyebrow pluck and redrawn , he figure trim , he clothes calculate to attract other man , he mouth con - stantly pout , carry a shoulder bag and listen to a transistor radio . in all , sixteen -- seven man , two boy , seven woman ; ten white , five black and one Puerto rican . center-car , Blue address they . he hold he submachine gun in the crook of he arm , the barrel rest on he right hand . . blue you will all remain - seat . anyone who try to rise will be shot . passengers oh my God what would he say ? what 's go on ? I do not believe it . ( etc . ) 24 . continued - 2 blue and. you will remain silent ! there will be no further warning -- any - one who move or speak without permission be go to be kill . there be immediate silence as he-look around . blue this weapon fire 450 round of .45 calibre ammunition per minute . in other word , if all of you de - cide to rush I simultaneously , not a single one , of you would get any closer than you be right now . be that understand ? this news be meet in stony , awe -struck , terrify silence . except for the pimp who smile , seemingly relaxed . pimp I should 'a know would you be the main man , man . int . tunnel as the slowly move car come to a stop . int . tower room close shot - caz he be stare up at the board . caz he stop again ! the crazy , dumb-ass sonuvabitch stop again ! wider angle include Marino , Mrs. Jenkins and the other towermen . marino what 's he do now ? he 's half - way between station . caz a pure mental case . I be gonna nail he pecker to the goddam wall for this ! 25 . continued marino ( indicate Mrs. jenkins ) hey , caz , take it easy , will you ? caz if I gotta watch my language just because they let a few broad in ' I be gonna quit ! how the hell . can you run a goddam railroad without swear ?! radio ( correll ) Grand Central Tower -- this be the desk trainmaster -- who the fuck 's in charge down there ? caz glance at Mrs. Jenkins , grin , and lean over a desk to flip on a mike . caz it 's I , Frank -- cazdolowicz . we be watchingitonthe board . I radio ( correll ) what good 's watch it , for Chris - sake ? we get train pile up behind it . get some goddam super - vision down there ! caz on my way , Frank . ( a afterthought ) oh , and Frank -- please do not say " fuck " anymore on the radio -- we get some lady down here now -- and you know how it be with lady , Frank - -- the cunt do not like it . he flip off the key and walk out the door . int . subc47ay -. first car Blue maintain he position in minute ? - car . he turn now to the rear section . blue everybody in this half of the car -- that 's from here on back -- move up front , please . everybody . ( as they hesitate ) right now -- upi I 26 . continued as the. six or seven passenger in the rear section rise and move forward , the cab door open and doyle come out , i follow by Green who be cover he with he gun . blue get go , Mr. Green . Green nod and go to the front , use a key to slide open the storm door , step out and close it again , then jump down onto the track . blue motorman -- come here . doyle yes , sir ? blue I want you to walk uptrack and collect all the passenger in the nine car we out loose , and lead they back to the 28th St. Station -- be that clear ? doyle I people hate get off in the middle of a tunnel -- blue just do as you be tell : the hooker raise she hand . hooker can I go with they , please ? I have get this important appointment , you see , and -- blue no . no one else can leave . mother I be sure you would not mind if the child be to . go -- blue nobody leave ! old man ( raise he hand ) Excuse I , mister -- do not you think we should be let in on what 's happen ? 27 . continued - 2 blue yes . what 's happen be that you be all be hold by four dangerous man with machine gun . old man ( smiling ) I suppose . if you ask a foolish question the fluorescent light suddenly go out and the emergency , incandescent bulb immediately go on , thereby diminish the brightness in the car by half . there 's a general stir among the passenger as they look around they , they alarm peak again . blue please be quiet -- nothing 's go to happen if you do as you be tell . get go , motorman . as doyle leave at one end of the train , Green reappear at the other . blue all right , Mr. Green ? GREEN all power 's out between 14th and 33rd street on all four track , local and express , north - and southbound . be blue I still see some tunnel light . GREEN emergency . they're on a.c. like the signal . blue ( a pause ) . stay here -- and leave the cab door open so you can hear the radio . Blue return to the center of the car but camera stay on Green as he open the cab door . radio ( correll ) coirï¿½mand Center to pelham one two Three -- do you cut the power down there ? -- without call power ( more ) 1 28 . continued - 3 radio ( correll ) ( contd ) Central to explain ? all right , pelham one two Three -- cut this shit right now and answer I ! you be fuck up tie whole god - dam New York Subway system ! ext . m.t.a. headquarters - brooklyn - day the large , granite -f ace building in the borough Hall complex . the follow legend be superimposed : " transit authority 370 jay ST . brooklyn " int . t.a. hdqr . -- second floor corridor - day elevator and the information desk . clive prescott , a black plainclothes lieutenant in the Transit Police , be pace , wait . the time be superimposed : " 2:09 . " a uniform transit cop sit behind the desk , watch he . finally : a elevator door open and a smart , efficient secretary emerge , follow by four japanese in business suit . secretary ah , lieut . Prescott -- it be nice of you to leave you duty long enough to show we distinguished guest around the facility . May I present Mr. yashimura , Mr. Mat - sumoto , Mr. tomashita , and Mr. nakabashi the small - frame . oriental bow in turn . secretary -- who be all director of the Tokyo Metropolitan Subway system . gentlemen , this be lieut . clive Prescott of we own Transit Authority Police . prescott a pleasure , gentleman . 29 . continued secretary when you be through the Chairman would like to say goodbye per - sonally so send they up to thirteen , will you ? prescott I sure will . she smile at the japanese and walk back to the elevator , press the up button . Prescott look at the four man for a moment , uncertainly , then go after the Secretary and speak to she in low tone . prescott they sp eak English , do not they ? secretary we be not sure . prescott you be not . secretary . we have be proceeding on the assumption that they do . prescott you have . the elevator door open and - she step in , smile sweetly . secretary sayonara . the door close . Prescott shrug , then turn and smile at the visitor . they smile back . he take a deep breath , then begin . prescott the New York City Subway system be the large 'in the world , with 237 mile of track and seven thousand car that carry over a billion and a third passenger every year , make it also the busy railroad in , the world . I can see that this last fact surprise you . the japanese look anything but surprised . Prescott go on , resolutely . 30 . continued - 2 prescott yes. well - Grand Central be the busy station passenger - wise -- train -wise , it 's West 4th St. on the i.n.d. line . now , if you ' will step this way , gentleman - they step no way at all . Prescott gesture broadly . pre cott this way -- he hurry ahead of they to open the door and hold it for they as they finally follow . pre cott we be enter the headquarters of the Transit Police , occupy the entire second floor of this building . we call it the nerve Center . int . operation - day close shot - status board a huge police map cover one wall , divide into pastel shading of yellow , red , orange , blue and green , show the various area of the system . color light -- red an&amp ; yellow -- be continually change and flicker . prescott' voice the status board pinpoint the disposition of every Transit Authority policeman presently in the field . thing be usually jump pretty good in here . camera begin to zoom back , revealing the scene : a large room , cut . up by glass divider into a maze of square and rectangle manned by uniform t.a. policemen , sit at desk with telephone console . the place be absolutely dead -- some read , some eat , some sleep . prescott' voice we have one of we own t.a. cop on every station and every train in the entire system between the hour of eight p.m. and four a.m. since we institute this watch , we have out crime in the subways by about 60 % . 31 . continued cap4 era have finish its zoom and now pan to include Prescott and he four japanese . prescott I be sure you have you own share of crime on the Tokyo subway , right ? they merely stare at Prescott and smile . prescott right . he.clear he throat , loosen he tie and look around for help . prescott uh -- follow I , gentleman , please -- he start off through the room , the japanese follow . prescott this be the assignment desk , one for each of the three line -- the i.r.t. , the b.m.t. and the i.n.d. -- and.over here , the oper - ation Lieutenant , sol garber . Prescott have stop beside a desk . garber , 40 , stocky , dour , with a dark stubble that require shave twice a day , be absorb read the Village Voice . F prescott uh -- sol -- I would like you to meet some friend of the Chairman . garber look up over he paper for a moment . garber hi yaa prescott good friend of the Chairman . garber hi ya . prescott they're -- uh -- director of the Tokyo Subway . 32 . continued .- 2 gabber ( F latly ) you do not say . prescott I do say . I -- uh -- tell they thing be usually jump . like crazy in here . garber jumping . right . pre cott tell they about some of the excit - ing thing that have be happen lately , sol -- garber yeah , well -- we have a bomb scare in the bronx yesterday -- but it turn out to be a cantaloupe . he and Prescott look at the japanese . nothing . prescott how about another one , sol ? garber well -- uh -- Thursday there be three unrelated knife fight in a single half hour -- two dead and three wounded -- ( pause ) -- one critical ? the japanese smile . garber I be busy , clive , okay ? he go back to he newspaper as Prescott lead he four charge away . prescott in the course of a normal week the t.a. Police have to deal with such crime as robbery , assault , murder , drunkenness , injury , illness , vandalism , abusiveness , sexual molestation and exhibitionism . ( a pause ) you know , flash ? 33. continued - 3 to illustrate , he wave a bottom corner of he jacket at the japanese who nod appreciatively . then he lift a pistol from he shoulder holster , just far enough to show the handle . prescott we carry firearm , of course -- off duty as well as on ( return it ) -- and we be fully empower to make arrest . ( a thought ) in fact -- you be all four under arrest right now . you get I ?. I be toss you all in the pokey and throw away the key . he smile and they smile back . he feel much better . p res cott ( gayly ) all right , you creep , let 's go upstairs to the Command Center . they start off . ext . park ave . - 28th ST . subway entrance -.day as a taxi pull up and caz jump out after pay the driver . driver hey ! this be subway token : caz ( calling back ) sounder than the U.S. dollar ! he disappear down the step . 28 th ST . platform - travelling a train be stand with its door open , and light within only by the emergency bulb . caz hurry south along the platform , head for the first car , he ample stomach bounce over he low - sling belt , camera leading he until he come to the front of the train and stop to talk to the motorman , a grizzle old - timer who need a shave . caz when do the power go ? 34 . continued pmiotorman who want to know ? caz the supervisor of the Grand Central Tower want to know ! motorman oh -- sure -- it go a ' couple of minute ago . he start off . motorman what happen down there -- a man under ? caz who want to know ? int . tunnel as caz come to the end of the platform , climb down to the roadbed and start through the darken tunnel . he break into a trot , only to slow to a walk and then stop as he see something approach in the darkness : a large crowd of people , be guide by doyle who use a flashlight . caz scratch he head . caz what now , for chripsake ? int . subway - first car as Blue survey . the scene . the rear section be empty . the sixteen remain passenger and Bud be sit quietly . Brown and grey stand mid-car , guard from that side . now Blue join Green at the front end . blue what time have you get , Mr. Green ? GREEN ( checking ) two-ten . blue correct . time to start . any - thing you want to say first ? 35 . continued GREEN ( a pause ) I 'in go to die today , blue ( another pause ) could be . he turn and enter the motorman 's cab . radio ( correll ) pelham one two Three -- do you read I now -- ? int . t.a. bldg . - third floor command CENTER - day close shot - from above shoot dot1n at the enormous , block -long , high - ceiling area in which the three divisional unit ( irt , bait and ind ) be scattered widely , use so little of the space that the arrangement look provisional . over this , one voice can be hear , correll 's , continue from the previous scene . correll' voice -- come in , pelham one two Three -- if you can receive and not transmit please use a phone -- ca14 fra now zoom in on correll , the desk trainmaster , seat at a steel desk , talk over a two - way radio / telephone console . R correll -- come in , pelham one two Three -- ( punch a button ) power Central -- have you restore lex 14 - 33 yet ? radio not yet , Command Center . still work . correll ( punching another button ) Grand Central tourer -- any movement on pelham one two Three ? radio - ( mrs . jenrins ) still lie dead , Command Center . I 36 . continued correll ( punching another button ) maintenance -- how about a report , for chrissake ? I radio I on what , Command Center ? correll how many train we get lay down , you dumb bastard ? camera pan to pick up Prescott as he lead he four japanese through the room , move and speak rapidly . pre cott each train be identify by the name of its terminus and the time of its departure -- thus , a express leave woodlawn at 6:30 p.m. would be woodlawn six Three oh , while on its return trip its new destination might be flathush eight two five . I hope you be memorize all this junk -- I be go to ask question later . he have say this within earshot of a dispatcher who now react . dispatcher Jesus , Prescott , have you lose you marble or what ? prescott do not worry -- they do not under - stand a word . ( to the japanese ) come on , you dummy -- get the lead out l mo .-shot - correll bent over he console , shouting into the boom mike curling out of it , as Prescott and the japanese arrive .. correll pelham one two Three -- come in , pelham one two Three -- goddanmit , why do not you answer you fuck radio ?! 37 . continued prescott there he be , gentleman -- train - master Frank correll , the Lord Byron of the New York Subway system . observe the way smoke and fire shoot out of he ear . correll do not bug I , Prescott -- I have get trouble here . â€¢ prescott what 's the matter , Frank ? correll oh , nothing much -- a train 's down , its radio 's dead , the power . 's off and it 's dumped its load . other than that everything 's ginger peachy . prescott no idea what 's wrong ? correll I tell you -- he goddam radio 's not -- pelham one two Three to Command Center -- this be pelham one two Three -- do you read I -- ? correll there he be -- ! ( punch a button ) . I read you , you sonuvabitch -- where . the hell have you be ? what be you try , to do , screw up this entire railroad single - handedly ? -- come in , you bastard , and start explain -- and you would better make it good ! pelham one two Three -to Command Center -- you train have be take -- repeat , you train have be taken -- correll look at Prescott in astonishment , then wheel to shout at the room . 38 . continued - 2 CO rrell shut up in here !! I say shut it --- everybody !! reaction shot as everyone in the room turn to look at correll . mo . shot - correll into the radio : correll pelham one two Three -- what the fuck do you mean the train 's be take ?! be you the motorman ? negative . correll then who the hell be you ? no one 's authorize to be in that cab except the goddam motorman ! identify yourself ! listen to I , trainmaster -- you train have be hijacked by a group of heavily - armed man -- correll it what ?! -- we be hold sixteen passenger and the conductor hostage in the first car and we will not hesitate to kill any or all of they if you do not do precisely as we say . do I make myself clear , trainmaster ? correll you be out of you fuck mind ! be that as it may , be you ready to take down we list of demand ? correll ( flustered ) no -- wait a minute -- stand by -- ( more ) 39 . continued correll ( contd ) ( disconnecting ; then to prescott ) why would anybody want to hijack a goddam subway train for ? prescott hit you six button , will you , Frank ? I want t.a. Police in on this . correll ( noticing ) what the hell be all that chiname do in here ?. prescott Holy Christ , I forget ! ( looking around ) somebody take this monkey up to thirteen , will you -- ? first japanese it be all right , lieut . Prescott -- I be sure . we can find it by we - selve . second japanese ( bowing ) thank you for a most instructive visit , Lieutenant . third japanese and. most exciting , too . they all bow low and file out . Prescott watch they in a near state of shock . prescott - since this be my last day on the job , I might as well make it a good one . he lean over correll and , push a button , speak into the mike . prescott Prescott to garber -- radio ( garber ) this be garber -- J 40 . continued - 2 prescott sol -- plug everything you have get into the i.r.t. trainmaster 's circuit , will you ? -- a all - unit stand - by , on the d- ) uble . and call in the city cop -- put it on a 9 - 11 so they computer get it . radio ( garber ) what 's up , clive ? pre cott you will not believe it . radio ( garber ) you know I -- I will believe any - thing . prescott a train 's be hijacked . radio ( garber ) ( a pause ) I do not believe it . int . subway - first car - motorman' cab Blue wait at the radio , calmly do one of the crossword puzzle in a book of they . there 's a knock and he open the door . Green stick he head , in . blue what do you want , Mr. Green ? GREEN how 's it go ? blue all right . GREEN do you tell they ? blue part of it . GREEN what be they do now ? blue recovering . they sound a little upsat . .41 . continued GREEN ( smiling ) yeah -- I guess they would . blue go back outside -- I do not want Mr. Brown and Mr. grey leave alone with the passenger any longer than we have to . GREEN do not you trust they ? blue I trust Mr. Brown -- Mr. grey 's another matter . he 's a cocky little pain in the ass who could turn out to be real trouble if we do not watch he . GREEN where would you find he , anyway ? blue he be recommend . radio ( correll ) pelham one two Three , this be Command Center -- come in , pelham one two Three -- blue go on -- ( as Green go ; into the mike ) this be pelham one two Three , trainmaster -- be you ready to take down the list of we demand ? radio ( correll ) I be listen , you shitheel -- what do you want ? blue do you have a pencil ? radio ( correll ) go on , goddammitii blue to begin with it be important that you understand three thing : one -- 42 . int . command CENTER - day mo . shot - trainmaster's desk Prescott and other group around correll at he desk , everyone strain to hear . I -- pelham one two Three be completely in we control . two -- we be armed with fully auto - matic weapon . Three -- we have no scruples whatsoever about kill . do you read I so far ? correll I read you , you goddam lunatic -- you will never get away with this , you know -- please inform - the Mayor that we demand one million dollar in cash for the release of the car and all of the hostage -- correll that will be the day -- the time be now 2:13 . the money must be in we hand no later than 3:13 -- one hour from now . if it be not , we will kill one hostage for every ' minute you be late . correll keep dream , maniac -- furthermore , if anyone attempt to interfere -- anyone --. in any way -- we will begin kill the hostage immediately . confirm , please -- correll look , I be only the trainmaster around here -- I do not know any - thing about contact the goddam Mayor ! 43. continued ( a pause ) all right -- patch I into the Transit Police . correll hold on -- I have get one here now . he disconnect and turn to Prescott . correll he 's all yours , the sonuvabitch ( as Prescott reach for the mike ) not here , for ch'rissake -- take it over there ! he point to another , empty desk . Prescott go to it and sit , then punch in a line on the console and speak into the mike . pre cott pelham one two Three -- can you hear I ? radio mue ) this be pelham . identify you - self , please . pre cott lieut . Prescott of . the Transit Police . identify yourself . I be the man who steal you train . prescott there 's no way you can get away with it -- you be underground , in a tunnel . why do you concern yourself with that , Lieutenant ? at precisely 3:13 we will begin execute the passenger . do not you think you would better contact the Mayor without waste any more time ? the moment you have do it report back to I for further instruction . sign - ing off . 44 . continued - 2 there be a click as the line go dead . Prescott push another button . prescott sol -- do you get all that ? radio ( garber ) I only get you end but I could piece the rest of it together . Jesus , it 's crazy ! prescott what about the city cop ? radio ( garber ) they have get two car from the 14th precinct on the way now . prescott two car -- you sure they can spare that many ? what about we own man ? we get anyone at 28th St .? int . operation - day garber at he desk as he swivel to regard the status board . garber just check on that -- uh -- yeah , he 's around there somewhere . radio ( prescott ) you would better tell he to hold the fort -- it 's liable to be a couple of hour before any city cop show up . garber will do , clive . he disconnect , turn and shout . garber sargent -- get I we guy at lex 281 int . 28 th ST . platform bedlam . the train still stand idly , empty now , its door close . there 's a crowd milling about , some pound futilely at the door of the train , other just stand around , wait . artis jame , a black t.a. cop be talk 45 . cont inued to a small group of irate citizen . he carry a radio on a strap over he shoulder . jame I be sorry , lady , I do not know how long the delay will be -- it 's just a minor technical problem . man anybody hurt ? 2 nd man how many kill ? jame look -- everybody just calm down ( he radio beeps ) hold on -- he turn away and lift the radio to he face . jame patrolman James -- radio ( garber ) this be lieut . garber in Opera - tion . where be you now ? jame twenty - eighth southbound . every - thing 's shut down , Lieutenant -- what 's go on ? " radio ( garber ) look , do not react to this -- but a train 's be hijacked -- jame Holy shit . radio ( garber ) exactly . try and maintain order on the platform and for God 's sake do not say anything ! oh , and there 's a supervisor from Grand Central Tower around there some - where -- see if you can find he . jame I see he a couple of minute ago , Lieutenant -- he be head down - track on foot . 46 . continued - 2 radio ( garber ) - oh Jesus ! you would better go after he -- see if you can turn he back . int . tunnel caz be hot in conversation with doyle as the long line of passenger file by , on they way out of the tunnel . caz I do not give a goddam what they be armed with -- you job be to . stay on that train until you get authorization to leave ! doyle they say they would kill I , for God 's sake ! caz you be like the captain of a ship -- you be suppose to go down with it . passenger ( as he pass ) bullshit . caz butt out ! ( to doyle ) all right -- tell Command Center I be on my way to investigate . doyle you be go down there ? hey , I would not , if I be you . caz I know you would not . he leave doyle and start down the track . a few passenger in the line call to he . 2 nd passenger you work for the :, ubway ? tell them I be gonna sue this time -- I really mean it -- I be gonna sue ! m E D. shot - jame he be trot , follow caz , pass the line of passenger head the other way . 47 . continued 3rd passenger ( to 6th ) I will tell you whose goddam fault it be -- it 's the Mayor 's goddam fault . 4 th ' passenger why 's it he fault ? 3rd passenger ' cuz he 's the head o' the city , be not he ? that make he respon - sible . they oughta impeach the bum ! int . tunnel - caz , as he see the first car ahead of he -- and as he get closer , the silhouette of a man ( grey ) through the rear storm door window . int . first car - grey he stand guard at the rear storm door . now he see some - thing move in the tunnel and slide open the door , call . grey stop right there , cowboy -- ! reaction shot - GREEN and brown as they look around , surprised . int . tunnel - caz caz ( shout back ) who the hell be you ? the voice echo and distort in the tunnel . grey you will find out if you take another step -- ! mo . shot - jame he be scoot along , crouch , hearing the voice , advance from pillar to pillar , use each for a brief instant of concealment . caz ' voice I be warning you , mister -- that 's city property you be fool around with -- I 48 . continued grey' voice that 's just too fuck bad ! int . tunnel - caz caz why do not you ga grab a goddam airplane like everybody else ?! grey we be afraid of fly . now I be . tellin ' you , buster -- clear out or I Ill shoot you ass off ! caz stand back -- I be come on board -- ! he start forward . grey Â€¢ I warn you , stupid -- I mo . shot - grey caz ' Pov ( slow motion &amp ; silent ) Dead silence as camera advance toward grey . now the sub - machine gun he 's point at caz ( camera ) begin spitting fire and spew out the spend shell . close shot - caz ( slow motion &amp ; silent ) p only he face -- as he eye and mouth open wide in shock and disbelief and sudden death . close shot - jame ( slow motion &amp ; silent ) his face peek out from behind - a pillar , the flash from grey 's gun reflect in he eye and on the pillar . mo . shot - grey ( slow motion &amp ; silent ) as he continue fire . flash cut - GREEN , brown , passe` sers ( slow motion &amp ; silent ) astonish ; unfeel ; horror-struck . mo . close shot - caz ( slow motion &amp ; silent ) as he dead body hit the ground , bounce , and roll over , face up , eye still - open . 49 . int . first car - blue ( travelling ) the SOUND return with a rush . Blue rush out of the motorman 's cab and run down the length of the car , camera following as he go past Green and Brown without speak to they . he look out the rear or for a moment , at the dead body . grey I warn the bastard but he keep on come anyway . blue be he alone ? grey I do not see anybody else . ( a pause ) I guess I get we on the scoreboard , huh ? without a word , Blue move to Brown at mid-car . blue take over back there . I want Mr. grey up closer to I so I dan keep a eye on he . brown he ' 's a little trigger - happy . blue maybe it be necessary -- I do not see it . brown he love every minute of it . int . tunnel - jame as he -peer around the pillar he 's hide behind . smoke from the gun still hang in the air . he duck back behind the pillar , unsling he radio and , hold it close to he mouth , whisper into it . jame patrolman James call Operations radio ( garber ) - this be garber -- it come in too loud and James frantically lower the volume . 50 continued radio ( garber ) -- what 's go on ? do you find that supervisor ? jame he 's dead , Lieutenant . radio ( garber ) speak up , will you ? I can not hear you . jame I can not -- I be only about 20 yard from the hijacked train . they just shot he . radio ( garber ) shot who ? . jame the supervisor -- with a motherfuckin ' machine gun ! radio ( garber ) be he dead ? jame would not you be ? radio ( garber ) but you be not sure . jame what do you want I to do , Lieutenant -- go out there and feel he pulse ? int . operation - day garber at he console . garber all right -- stay put and keep a eye on thing . ( punch a button ) clive -- they just draw first blood . that Tower supervisor from Grand Central -- we do not know he name -- they just kill he . int . command CENTER , - day Prescott at he console . I 51 . cont ime prescott oh , God -- 4 ( turning ) Frank -- do you know who go down to 28th Street from Grand Central ? correll yeah -- caz dolowitz . it7hy ? prescott Jesus -- I know he -- correll what do you mean know he ? prescott they just shot he . correll ( unbelieving ) caz ? fat caz ? ( slam he fist down ) Christ !! radio ( costello ) Lieutenant . Prescott -- be you there , clive -- ? prescott ( push a button ) who 's this ? radio ( costello ) costello . prescott yes , Captain . radio ( CO stello ) I be put you in charge at this end , clive -- I be go down to 28th Street . if I do not show up pretty quick the city cop Ill hog all the action . they have order up a major mobilization , call in unit from four of the five borough -- there 's even one on board the train -- one of the hostage . prescott you be kid ! a cop ? how do you know ? 52 . continued - 2 radio ( costello ) there be two of them -- one get off at 33rd Street and call in later when the news get out . that mean the other one 's still on the damn thing . prescott plainclothes ? radio ( costello ) that 's right . prescott man or woman ? radio ( costello . ) ( a pause ) you know something ? I never think to ask . prescott . male chauvinist pig -- sir . radio ( costello ) yeah . keep in touch with them , clive -- do not let communication break clown . tell l they the wheel be grind -- tell them the commissioner 's on he way up to see the Mayor -- tell them we need more time -- tell them -- oh , shit , I do not know what to tell them . Jesus , what a city ! prescott Captain -- I would not mind get over there myself . radio ( costello ) out of the question , clive -- we need you here . incidentally , the Chairman ask I to thank you . prescott what for ? radio .( costello ) the way you treat that four jap . they say they have a great time -- the highlight of they whole trip . 53. continued - 3 prescott what do you know . ext . gracie mansion - day the Mayor 's splendid residence on the East River . the follow title be superimposed : " gracie man ion . the mayor `s residence . " then , the time be superimposed : " 2:21 " . int . mayor' bedroom - day micro -close shot - thermometer be hold between a nurse 's finger , slowly turn so the mercury catch the light . mayor' voice what do it say ? nurse's voice 103 - point - 4 . wider angle include the mayor , a short , swarthy , roly - poly man with a fringe of dark hair and modish aviator 's glass ; . un - shaven , lie in bed , the cover . pull up to he chin ; suffer from the flu ; a glass , of juice on he bedside table along with spray and vial of pill ; and the nurse , a elderly , white - haire we nan who , in case of invasion , could hold off the mongol single handedly . mayor 103-point -4 ?! it be - only 102 - point - 9 the last time ! nurse last time it be orally . orally be generally a half a degree lower . mayor do not remind I . all I know be I have get a chill , my bone ache , my head be ready to come off and my nose be a disaster area I be the Mayor of the goddam city of New York , the second most important elective office in the entire United States -- ( more ) 54 . continued mayor ( contd ) be you tell I that I have to lie here feel lousy like every other zhlub in the country ? nurse ( unperturb , as she go ) do not forget to drink you juice at three . and take two of the blue pill . mayor orally ? , ( but she 's go ) Boy -- boy oh boy -- he pick up the remote- control clicker and raise the sound of he tv set . emcee' voice couple number two , Arthur and Eleanor -- you have twenty point -- answer the bonus question correctly and you will move into first place -- the phone ring and he click the sound off with one hand and lift the receiver with the other . mayor yeah . warren' voice ( phone filter ) hello , nate , it 's Warren -- I be come upstairs . mayor no ! warren ' S voice sorry , nate , it can not be help . mayor yes it can -- I will already be dead when you get here . warren ' S voice hang on a little longer , will you , nate ? we have get a real bitch on we hand . 55 . continued mayor do not tell I , I do not want to know . warren ' S voice I be come up . mayor can not you handle it , Warren ? warren' voice sure I can handle it -- like I handle every other rotten filthy job in this miserable city -- but I will not : mayor what do you mean you will not ? you be the goddam deputy Mayor -- of course you will warren' voice this one you have get to handle you - self , nate . mayor what be it , another strike ? that 's all right -- I can take another strike -- warren' voice a gang of man have hijacked a subway train -- mayor what ?!! warren' voice -- they want a million dollar for it . mayor ( a pause ) come on up . ( hang up ) shit . shit , piss , fuck . he click the tv back on . emcee' voice -- and that mean couple number one , Tom and rusty , be the winner of today 's newlywed game !! mayor I miss it . 56 . continued - 3 he click off the tv as warren lasalle enter , a tall , lean , no - nonsense executive with long , blond hair , sideburn and a large blond mustache . mayor I think it over , Warren -- you know what we be gonna do ? warren no , tell I . mayor let them keep the goddam subway train . Hell , we have get plenty more just like it -- we will never miss it . warren how about the seventeen hostage -- will we miss they ? mayor oh. dammit , Warren , the city have not get a million dollar ! warren then you would better empty out one of you swiss bank account because there 's no other way out . mayor do not we even get` to think about it ? warren there 's no time ! in -- ( check the time ) -- exactly forty - nine minute they be gonna start shoot that hostage . how would that look in the Daily News ? -- " 1 new yorker die while mayor thinks ! " mayor I still want the full picture . get the Police commissioner , the Chairman of the Transit Authority , and that putz we have get for a controller -- warren they be on they way over now . ( more ) 57 . continued - 4 warren ( contd ) but it 's no good run to they , nate -- you be the Mayor -- which mean you be gonna do it my way -- just like always . I mayor ( a pause ) shit . shit , piss , fuck . int . T .a . command CENTER - day Prescott at he console , correll in the b.g. F prescott Command Center call pelham one two Three -- come in , pelham one two Three -- ( turning ) hey , Frank -- you be hogging all my circuit ! correll what do you want I to do ? I get motormen call in from all along the line try to find out what the hell 's go on ! prescott tell them to shut up and get off the air -- I need some more line open ! correll I never think I would see the day when talk to murderer get priority over run a railroad . prescott oh , get off it , Frank -- we priority be try to save the life of that passenger ! correll screw the goddam passenger ! what do they expect for they lousy thirty - five cent -- to live forever ? ! prescott oh , you be beautiful . ( into the mike ) do you read I , pelham one two Three -- ? 58 . continued correll if I be handle it I would go storming in there with gun and tear gas and I blast them outl prescott yeah , well , you be not handle it so why do not you start do you own work and let the police do theirs . correll like that lily - liver cop who 's on the train ? why hast not he start shoot yet ? prescott we do not . even know it be a he -- ( into the mike ) do you read I , pelham one two Three -- ? correll goddam woman cop -- what the hell good be they ? she probably can not find she gun in she goddam purse ! this be pelham one two Three -- do you have any news to report ? intercut - prescott &amp ; blue prescott nothing yet . blue what be you ' call about ? prescott we need more time . blue it 's 2:24 , Lieutenant -- you still have 49 minute . prescott be reasonable , will you ? we be try to cooperate but you be not give we enough time to work with . blue 49 minute . 59 . continued prescott we be deal with City Hall , for God 's sake -- you know what a mass of red tape that be ! blue 49 minute . prescott look , I know how to tell time , too , but we be not gonna get anywhere if all you do be repeat 49 minute ! blue 48 minute . mo . shot - prescott sober and subdued . pre-scott yeah . all right , we will get back as soon as we can . he disconnect and sit back in he chair , stare at the ceiling . correll Christ -- to hear you plead with that chickenshit -- it make I ashamed to be a american . prescott go away , Frank -- go play with you train . int . first car as Blue step out of the cab . Green be stare at the hostage , nervously . blue everything quiet out here , Mr. Green ? GREEN yeah -- except I think we have get we - selve a cop . blue what do you mean ? 60 . continued GREEN one of the hostage -- fuzz if I ever see it . blue which one ? GREEN ( pointing ) on the right -- panning shot - hostage on the right side of the car , from face to face . green' voice -- the fourth , fifth , sixth , seventh -- that 's he , next to the freak -- it 's the w.a.s.p. type , who be stare off into space , I sit next to the hippie who seem hypnotize by he own wiggling toe . green' voice you ever see anybody look more like a cop ? mo . shot - blue &amp ; GREEN blue I would better frisk he . cover I . he walk slowly down the aisle and stop . in front of the w.a.s .p . blue on you foot . w.a.s.p. what ? blue you hear I -- stand up ! nervously , the man stand . Blue frisk he , quickly and expertly . when he fail to find a weapon , he take the man 's wallet . blue okay -- you can sit down . I 61 . continued as the man sit , Blue look through the wallet . blue School teacher . w.a.s.p. that 's right . blue you ever be tell you look like a policeman , ? w.a.s .p . all the time -- but I can not help it -- Blue toss the wallet back into the teacher 's lap , then turn to face the other hostage . blue listen to I , everybody . I be sure you have ' all figure out what ' happen by now -- you be hostage . various reaction shot the passenger -- some groan -- some frighten -- the Puerto rican crossing himself -- the hippie smile softly -- etc . mo . shot - blue be blue that mean when we get what we , want you will be release unharme . until then , you will continue do precisely as you be tell . _ old man and if you do not get what you want ? what will happen . to we ? blue ( a pause ) we expect to get it .. ext . east river drive - day the Brooklyn Bridge and the myriad ramp lead onto the drive . a official city limousine curve around a ramp and head uptown , its siren wail . the time be superimposed : " 2:27 " . 62 . int . limousine - day the police commissioner sit alone in the back seat . he 's .on the phone . from the front seat , music can be hear come from the radio . F commissioner for this be the Police commissioner -- get I theborough Commander . ( to the driver ) turn off that goddam music , will you , George ? ( into phone ) Harry ? I be head up to see the Mayor right now . what 's it look like down there ? ext . park avenue - 28 th STREET subway station - day the borough commander sit on the front seat of a prowl car , he foot hang out the open door , talk on the phone . around he : spectator , cop , activity , noise and confusion . borough commander it 's murder , phil -- as usual , they be come out of the woodwork . I would not be surprised if we get a couple of thousand thrill - seeker -- they really smell blood on this one . phone ( commissioner ) you barrier up ? borough commander Hell yes -- and we be push the overflow into the side-street . we be not gonna win any new friend , phil -- phone ( commissioner ) do we ever ? how about traffic ? borough commander I stick a patrolman at every inter - section from 14th to 34th , and crosstown from 2nd to 5th . phone ( commissioner ) who 's you number two ? borough co01n nder deputy Chief Inspector Daniels -- ( more ) 63. continued borough co1.10mander . ( C ontd ) from special Operations . he 's a good man , phil -- he handle that protest at Bryant Park last month . phone ( commissioner ) how be you deploy ? borough commander I have get about fifty man inside the tunnel -- int . subway tunnel - various shot as we see what the borough Commander describe -- riot police , armored and helmete , scurrying into position , resembling a commando raid . borough commander's voice -- north and south of the train , well conceal -- all wear vest and armed with machine and sub - machine gun , shot gun , riot gun , hand gun , tear gas grenade -- and a half - dozen sniper with night scope . we could fight the goddam third world war down there . phone ( commissioner ) just make sure they stay out of sight -- if the hijacker see they we may have a massacre on we hand . borough commander's voice we have a sniper 's report that they be move around inside the car pretty freely -- and the one in the motorman 's cab be fully expose and a damn easy shot . int . commissioner car commissioner no ! under no cirl : umstance ! do you understand I , phil ? absolutely no ! we be take they threat seariously . what have you get above ground ? ext . 28th STREET - borough commander again , if feasible , we can see what he describe . 64 . continued borough comma dider truck , car , emergency , medical and rescue unit , searchlight , bullhorn -- the work , phil . I have get two man station at every emergency exit as far south as Union Square . phone ( commissioner ) any direct communication with the hijacker ? borough commander negative . it 's awkward as hell . the t.a. Command Center in Brooklyn have the only direct contact . into commissioner car commissioner Harry , tell I something , will you ? they be in a tunnel -- surround on all side , top and bottom -- how the hell do they expect to get away ? 71 phone ( borough commander ) beat the shit out of I , phil . ext . gracie mansion - day as the commissioner 's car swing into the circular drive lead to the side entrance and come to a lurching stop , the siren trail off , behind three other official black limousine . the commissioner jump out and trot up onto the verandah . int . mayor' bedroom - day close shot - the mayor as he-sneeze into a kleenex . as camera pull back he dry off he upper lip , wad the tissue and throw it .onto the floor . jessie , he wife , with frost hair and harlequin glass , jump up from a chair and retrieve it . jessie nate , for God 's sake . she basket it , then turn to Warren lasalle . jessie Warren -- tell he other Mayors have to use the house after we be go . 65 . continued there 's a knock and Warren hurry to open the door . in walk three man : the commissioner , the controller and the chairman of the Transit Authority . warren thanks for come up on short notice , fella -- you all know jessie , do not you ? the Police commissioner -- the Controller -- the Chairman of the Transit Authority -- ? jessie yes , it 's nice to see you again . commissioner Mrs. Mayor -- controller hi , jess -- chairman good afternoon . -- jessie coffee for everybody -- and some cake ? warren uh -- better skip it , jessie -- we be run a little short of time . we all know what 's go on underground , right ? so the main issue be whether to pay the ransom or not . all the rest be secondary . phil ? what do you think ? commissioner well -- we be fully mobilize -- I can go down there any time you say with enough firepower to wipe out a army -- but I can not guarantee the safety of the ' hostage . warren in other word , you be for pay the rarlsom . commissioner we do not want another attica on we hand , do we ? 66 . continued - 2 warren so you vote be -- ? commissioner I abstain . warren shit. barny ? chairman the safety of the passenger be the only concern of the Transit Authority . warren you vote ? chairman pay the two dollar . controller sure -- two dollar I would pay ! but it 's a million , barfly -- a one with six zeroe ! be it come out of you pccket ? warren come on , sid -- save the poor - mouth for later . how do you vote ? controller I be not through discuss it yet . warren yes you be . now vote . controller - my concern be with the taxpayer -- someone 's oughta be . " million for defense but not one cent for tribute ! " warren so that 's a no . all right , nate -- you have hear from the Three Wise Men -- what do you say ? everyone turn to the Mayor . he sneeze into a kleenex and toss it onto the floor . mayor what be they gonna say , Warren ? 67 . continued warren they who ? mayor everybody -- the press , the man on the street -- jessie he mean the voter . warren just what you would expect -- the Times will support you on purely humani- tarian grounds -- the News '11 knock you for coddle criminal -- and the Post will take both side at the same time . as for public opinion -- you will carry Manhattan , lose queen and staten Island , and split down the middle in Brooklyn and the bronx . the rich ' 11 support you -- likewise the black -- the Puerto rican will not give a shit . so how about it , nate ? -- quit i. stalling . mayor stop try to bully everybody , Warren -- this be suppose to be a democracy ! warren Wise up , . for chrissake ! we be try to run a city , not a goddam democracy ! I nate ! stop farting around ! we have get to pay ! mayor ( a pause ) what do you say , jess ? jessie I know a million dollar be a lot of money -- but just think what you will , get in return . mayor what ? jessie seventeen sure vote . 68 . continued - 4 mayor ( smiling ) go ahead , Warren -- arrange for the pay-off . warren halleluja ! ( as everyone rise ) you hear it , fella . phil -- pass the word to the bad guy that we be cough up . commissioner ( go ) will do . warren sid -- what bank do we do the most business with ? controller City National trust -- I will give them a call . warren I will call -- you be liable to spend a hour try to knock down the interest rate . come on -- everyone downstairs -- let 's move it ! the Mayor and jessie be leave alone . she pick up the crumpled kleenex . mayor I think I handle it all right . jessie a regular fiorello LaGuardia . int . subway - first car - motorman' cab close shot - crossword puzzle as Blue 's hand be busy fill in a word . a knock be hear and camera pull back as Blue open the door . Green enter . GREEN nothing yet ? ( as Blue shake he head ) they be sure take they time . blue do not worry -- they be go to pay . they have no choice . 69 . continued GREEN the hostage . yeah . at first I think to myself , " five of them be spade -- who 's gonna pay anything for spade ? " but they do not know who we have get , do they ? blue it would not matter if all seventeen be dope pusher -- they have to pay , so relax . GREEN I know they have to -- but what if they do not ? blue then a lot of people be go to die . GREEN include we . blue either you live or you die . GREEN live 's better . blue it depend . it 's y not better than try to sell mutual fund , for example . GREEN do you do that ? blue I try . GREEN I think you be in the army . blue I be . that 's where I develop my expensive taste . GREEN in the army ? sure ' -- on three - fifty a month . 70 . continued - 2 blue the biafran pay I twenty - five hundred for lead a battalion . GREEN a month ? Holy Christ l why would you ever get out of that ? blue the market dry up . GREEN at least you be not fire . but shit , I do not mind -- who want to drive a goddam subway train for the rest of .his life ? blue what would they nail you for ? GREEN nothing ! they frame I -- the goddam beakies have to find a fall - guy and they -- blue beakies ? GREEN Transit inspector -- undercover man . they get wind of a gang pass dope -- you know , transport it from downtown to uptown , give it to a motorman , and then someone pick it up in harlem . the beakies try to pin it on I , but they never have any evidence .. blue you be innocent ? GREEN Hell yes , I be innocentl do you think I would do anything like that ? blue yes . int . gracie mansion - lasalle ' S office - day Warren sit on the edge of he desk , on the phone . 71 . continued warren City National trust ? -- the Chairman of the board , please ? -- ( wait ) this be Warren lasalle in the mayor 's office -- may I speak to the Chairman , please ? phone ( secretary ) the Chairman be on a overseas call at the moment -- warren I do not care if he 's talk to the moon -- get you ass inside that of fice and put he on the line ! he light a cigarette while he wait . phone ( chairman ) good afternoon , Mr. lasalle -- what be it I can do for you ? warren a subway train 's be hijacked . unless we can deliver a million dollar within -- ( check he watch ) -- twenty - eight minute , seventeen people will be assassinate . int . bank chairman' office - day the bank chairman be a silver - haire man in he sixty , sit behind a large desk ; on the phone . bank chairman a subway train -- how very original . a million , you say ? intercut - warren &amp ; bank chairman warren yes , sir -- be there any problem about that much cash be available ? bank chairman none whatsoever . we be member of the Federal Reserve . warren swell . then will you arrange for we to be give that amount right away ? 72 . continued bank chairman give ? I be not sure I urde-rstand what you mean by " give , " Mr. lasalle . warren ( voice rising ) lent , of course -- I do not expect it as a gift -- bank chairman lent to whom , Mr. lasalle ? warren to we , goddammit -- the sovereign city of New York -- bank chairman yes , well , there be certain techni- cality involved in such a tran - action , Mr. lasalle -- term , duration , signature -- warren there be not time for all that -- I bank chairman ( chuckling ; but " all that , " as you put it , happen to be what we do for a live , Mr. lasalle -- warren listen to I , you stupid goddam piece of shit ! if you do not come through in five second flat I will er ssona illy find a violation in every in c h ofplumb and wiring in every branch you have get in this whole fuck city ! the Chairman look as though he 's be strike between the eye . after a pause , he speak z.iietly : bank chairman do you know something , Mr. lasalle ? in my entire sixty - seven year no one 's ever speak to I like that . ext . east river drive - UN build - day as the Police commissioner 's limousine be now head downtown 1 73. continued on the f.d.r. drive , pass the sutton place apartment house and approach the United Nations , siren scream . int . commissioner limousine - dry he be in back , on the phone . commissioner Harry -- ? I be on my way down . we just get the green light . ext . park avenue &amp ; 28 th STREET - day the borough Commander , on the phone . borough commander Green light -- you mean we can rush them ? Jesus , phil , that 's great news -- the man be raring to go -- ! phone ( commissioner ) not you asshole ! -- we be pay the ransom money ! pass the word along to the hijacker . borough commander ( disgruntled ) Roger . ( click a phone button ) borough Commander - to 28th Street platform -- Daniels -- do you read I -- ? 114t . 28th STREET subway platform featuring the motorman 's cab of the stall train . daniel , a beefy cop wear riot gear and helmet , now hear the voice come over he walky -- talky . radio ( borough commander ) -- come in D .c .i . Daniels -- this be the borough Commander -- I daniel . ( into walky - talky ) this be Daniels -- radio ( borough commander ) pass the word along : the Mayor 's agree to pay . let the hijacker know right away , will you ? 74 . c1 continued daniel S Roger . he set the hand radio aside and activate the subway transmitter . daniel Command Center , this be 28th Street -- do you read I , Command Center -- ? int . command CENTER - day Prescott at he desk and console . he push a button . prescott this be Command Center -- radio ( daniel ) this be Daniels -- the Mayor 's agree to pay -- inform the hijacker right away . prescott will do . ( punch another button ) Command Center call pelham one two Three -- come in , pelham one two Three -- this be pelham -- rgo ahead , Prescott -- prescott we agree to pay the ransom -- repeat , we agree to pay . int . subway first car -- motorman' cab close shot - blue as he greet this news calmly . radio ( prescott ) do you read I , pelham -- ? blue I read you . please take down the next set of instruction . as before , they be to be obey to the letter . first -- the money be to be pay in the follow denomination : five hundred thousand dollar in fifty , five hundred thousand dollar in hundred . 75 . intercut - prescott &amp ; blue prescott ( writing ) five hundred thousand in fifty , five hundred thousand in hundred -- blue make a total of ten thousand fifty dollar bill and alive thousand hundred dollar bill -- which will then be put up in stack of two hundred bill each , bound with a thick rubber band lengthwise and another widthwise . prescott ( write ) . ten thousand fifty , five thousand hundred , in pack of two hundred , bound fore and aft with rubber band -- blue Point two : all of the bill will be old bill , they serial number to erandom . prescott ( writing ) Old bill and no serial number . sequence -- blue that 's all for now . when the delivery arrive we will contact you with further instruction . prescott about you getaway ? blue I be signing off now . prescott it might interest you to know I have figure out how you be go to do it -- blue ( a pause ) yes -- it would interest I . 76 . continued prescott you be go to make every man , woman and child in New York City close they eye and count to a hundred . blue it 's two - forty -seven , Prescott you have twenty - six minute . prescott what ? do not be stupid -- we have agree to pay the money . now turn off the clock . blue twenty -six minute , Prescott . mo . shot - prescott prescott look -- you instruction be complicated ! the money have to be count , stack , tie , transport all the way uptown -- it just be not physically possible ! you would be surprised what 's physically possible . the clock 's run , Prescott . prescott ( a pause ) all right . at least let we pick up that man you shot . we want to send a. stretcher for he . negative . prescott but he may still be alive he 's dead . prescott but you can not be sure -- very well -- we will put another half ( more ) 77 . continued dozen round into he so everyone can be sure . over and out . Prescott turn and see that the other , at nearby desk , have be watch and listen . he stare back at they for a moment . , then check he watch . pre sco tt twenty - five minute -- after that we can start scratch they off -- one per minute . int . subway - first car - passengers - blue' Pov shoot down the length of the car . most of the passenger except the wino Lady and the hippie . both be enjoy they own revery . blue' voice you attention please -- at the far end , Brown guard the rear door . at mid-car , grey stand with he leg astride . another angle include Blue and , behind he , at the front storm door , Green . blue the city have agree to pay for you release . no one quite know how to greet this news -- except the pimp who slowly , mockingly , clap he hand together . pimp ( drawling ) Far out , man -- Blue start forward , walk slowly , look at passenger on both side of the aisle as he go . mother as soon as the money get here -- will you let we go ? blue no -- but soon afterwards . 78 . continued old man do you mind tell we now how much you be get ? blue what difference do it make ? old man a person like to know he worth . blue a million dollar . old man each ? blue altogether . old man ( disappointed ) that 's not so terrific .. Blue , still walk toward mid-car , stop at the hippie 's estend leg and tap the sole of he sandal with the muzzle of he submachine gun . blue pull in you foot -- someone 's liable to get hurt . the. hippie look up at he , smile , and slide he foot back . Blue continue until he come to grey . he speak quietly to he . blue stop fool around with that girl , Mr. grey . grey what 's the big deal ? she 's a twenty buck a trick hooker . blue I say leave she alone . grey do not worry -- I could do this job and hump that broad at the same time -- without miss a stroke . 79 . continued - 2 blue ( a pause ) I I once order a man shot for talk to I that way . grey that 's the difference between we , Mr. Blue -- I have always do my own kill . blue maybe we will get a chance to work that out . ext . LIBERTY STREET - federal reserve bank - day number 33 , the large , stone fortress occupy the entire block , its ground floor window bar . the follow be superimposed : " federal reserve bank of n.y . " and then : " 2 : 51 " int . federal reserve - president's office - day the president stand in the middle of he large green rug , put golfbaLls at a gadget that automatically catapault they back . as he finish lining up a long one , and be just about to stroke , the office intercom buzze . a little annoyed , he cross to he desk . president yes -- ? intercom ( secretary ) the Chairman of the City National trust on five - seven -- he say it 's important . the President push a button put the call on the speaker - phone ar_d he return to he golf . president hello , Ben -- what can I do for you ? speakerphone ( B .chair . ) I need a million , Henry . president a million what ? 80 . continued speakerphone ( B .chair . ) dollar , of course . president ( stop golf , surprised ) a million one ? speakerphone ( B .chair . ) no , not in one -- in fifty and hundred . president ( putting again ) I get you now , Ben -- a million fifty and hundred . that 's more like it . when can you pick it up ? speakerphone ( B .chair . ) I do not think you be follow I , Henry --.a million dollar , that 's all -- in fifty and hundred . president ( stopping again ) one million ? my secretary say it be important . what be you call I about petty cash for ? speakerphone ( b.chair . ) it 's ransom money -- a subway train 's be hijacked -- they have threaten to kill all the passenger . president ( go to he desk ) why the hell do not you say so ? tell I how you want it and have a truck at the maiden Lane load platform in ten minute . ext . park avenue . &amp ; 28 th STREET - day T .v . interview a seriea of head - on television interview with various individual in the large crowd gather at the scene . they all speak directly to camera with the voice of a well - know six o'clock News personality o .s . roger' voice this be Roger grimsby for Eye - witness News , here at the inter - section of 28th Street and Park Avenue South , the scene of this incredible subway hijack -- 81 . 1 . tactical police a group of the blue- helmete cop man the line and push back part of the crowd . roger' voice you be look now at member of the T .p .f . -- the tactical Police Force -- as they attempt to deal with this enormous crowd which be con - tinuing to grow every minute . Officer -- officer -- this be eyewitness News -- a officer turn to camera . roger ' S voice Officer , how would you estimate the size of this very large crowd ? officer very large . roger' voice would you describe it as unruly ? officer compare to some I have see , Roger , I would have to say it be ruly . definitely ruly . 2 . a woman Middle -ag , overweight , . dyed blond hair . roger' voice Excuse I , madam -- do you have any comment on the drama that 's unfold beneath we foot at this very moment ? woman what particular part of the drama do you want I to comment on ? roger' voice some people feel that we subways have become jungle .. any comment on that ? woman in my opinion , Roger , we subways have become jungle . 82. 3 . teen -age girl wearing glass and brace . roger ' S voice would you feel more secure if , instead of eight hour a day , the train and platform be manned by the Transit Police twenty - four hour a day ? teen -age girl ( thinks ) twenty - four hour minimum . 4 . black delivery boy delivery boy dog -- , all they gotta do be loose I a pack of doberman pincher a ' sic them onto that train -- 5 . fashion model model yeah -- I definitely hear it on the radio -- they be ask a million dollar for each passenger . that make sixty - five million dollar in all -- 6 . construction worker workerr you know how they be gonna get away ? the sewer -- they get a map of the sewer -- just like that french guy , the Count of monte carlo - 7 . housewife housewife I meet you before , Roger -- remember two year ago ? -- at that three - alarm fire in Crown Heights -- ? 8 . hotdog vendor under he yellow and red umbrella , do a land - office business . roger' voice Excuse I , sir -- from the look of thing , you could use another pair of hand . I 's this you regular corner ? 83. continued vendor ( accent ) for seventeen year . roger ' S voice what do you think of all this ? vendor terrific -- really terrific ! what 's go on , a parade ? int . federal reserve - third floor - day ( silent ) the President come out of a elevator , be let through a iron gate by a guard who unlock it , lock it again , then turn to unlock a second gate , allow the President to pass into a corridor . mo . shot - tx. monitor ( silent ) a bank show various area of the building on close circuit . camera zoom in on one monitor : the. presid ent be see walk down the corridor . int . third floor corridor ( silent ) the President pass a few wooden truck on wheel be push by armed guard . farther , on he leave , cage mark " paying / receiving " ; on the right , " sorting / counting . " he turn right . int . tunnel - patrolman jame still stick behind the pillar , stand rigidly so as not to be see from the other side . now he lift he radio and speak softly into it . jame patrolman James call operation -- come in , operation -- radio ( garber ) this be garber -- what 's go on ? jame that 's what I want to know , Lieutenant -- stand here like a statue -- it 's drivin ' I bananas ! radio ( garber ) just sit tight , James -- it will not be much longer . 84 . continued jaiie I just want to know one thing , Lieutenant -- there 's a whole mess of foot runnin ' around out there in the dark -- I can hear them . I figure it 's a couple of dozen sniper and sharpshooter -- be I right ? radio ( garber ) I would not - be surprised . jame yeah , well , would you make sure they know about ' I standin ' here between they and the hijacker ? int . federal reserve - sorting / counting - day ( silent ) several comiter , mostly man , be break open the seal on dirty grey canvas money bag , and spilling out the content -- currency tie into packet -- and start count the packet . int . gracie mansion - mayor' bedroom - day his honor be get a shot in the rear-end from a doctor as Warren enter without knock . warren pull you pants up , nate -- we be go downtown . " doctor it 's totally out of the question , Mr. lasalle . warren nobody ask you ! mayor Warren , for chrissake , I be sick as a goat . what 's the point ? warren the point , you dumb cluck , be that the Mayor of the City of New York , trail by twenty - two point in all the poll , care enough about seven - teen citizen in jeopardy to make a personal appearance in they behalf ! 85 . continued mayor you know what will happen -- what always happen -- I will get boo . the Doctor start take the Mayor 's pulse . doctor this be a very sick man . warren ( slapping he hand ) let go of that ! you be off the case ! look , nate , all you have to do be say a few word to the hi- jacker over a bullhorn -- make a dignify plea for mercy mayor do you think it will help ? warren of course it will help ! mayor ( hopefully ) the hostage ? warren no , you . mayor Warren -- suppose the hijacker start shoot at I -- warren will you stop ? they have get no reason to shoot at you . mayor ( smiling ) you mean they be from . out - of - town ? int . federal reserve - counting / sorting - day ( silent ) the sorter , mostly woman , occupy a large office of . the bull - pen variety . each be sorting bill by denomination from a batch in she hand , separate they almost faster than the eye can see into the slot of a count machine , deviate only to throw old , overuse bill away into a basket . 86 . int . command CENTER - day close shot - wall clock it read : 2:58 . camera pan to correll , in he shirtsleeve and sweat now , jump around , check teletype message and bit of scratch paper , talk over several phone at once . correll -- shut up and listen to I ! all lexington Avenue train depart from dyer Avenue and 180th Street in the bronx . be divert to the West side track at 149th Street and the Grand concourse -- ! camera pan to Prescott , who be sit at he desk , watch correll and shaking he head . radio ( garber ) clive -- prescott ( punch a button ) yeah , who 's this ? radio ( garber ) it 's sol -- what be we wait for , clive ? prescott I will be goddamn if I know . Jesus ! how long do it take to get that money together ? be radio ( garber ) we will never make it . the passenger be dead duck . prescott there 's still fifteen minute . I be signing off , . sol. ( push another button ) Command Center call 28th Street -- can you read I , Daniels -- ? radio ( daniel ) this be Daniels -- come in , Command CENTER -- prescott have the money leave yet ? radio ( daniel ) not yet . 87 . continued prescott well for God 's sake , give then a goose , will you ? we be run out of time ! ( push , another button ) Command Center call pelham one two Three -- come in , pelham -- this be pelham one to Three -- prescott this be Prescott . listen -- we be move too slowly at this end . we need some more time . sorry -- no more time . Prescott 's face harden , he jaw . muscle tense . correll -- here 's the flex south of 14th Street -- I want the express run off into Brooklyn -- prescott ( covering mike ) hold it down , will you , Frank -- ? correl ? J -- and all local " send around the loop at South ferry and shot up the West side from bowl Green -- prescott I say knock it off ! I be try to buy some more time ! a silence in the room as everyone turn to watch Prescott as he speak into the mike . prescott all we want be another fifteen minute , all right ? a lousy fifteen minute ! negative . prescott ten minute , then -- what difference can ten minute make ? 88. continued - 2 negative . prescott ( quietly ) you son of a bitch . int . federal reserve - counting - day ( silent ) a single clerk be now assemble the ransom money . he select ten bundle of fifty and five bundle of hundred -- each bundle contain ten packet of one hundred bill -- and , after cut the string hold the bundle together , proceed to pair the packet into two hundred bill thickness ( one inch ) and fasten on the two rubber band . int . subway - first car - motorman' cab Blue , as Green enter the cab . GREEN I hear you on the radio -- anything wrong , Mr. Blue ? blue they have request more time . GREEN how much more ? blue ten minute . GREEN I guess it will not hurt anything . blue I ' do not - give it to they . GREEN ( a pause ) suppose they can not make it ? blue then we do what we say we would do . there 's no other way . GREEN maybe a hour be not enough time 89 . continued blue a hour 's plenty ! you know how the system work -- you give they two hour and they take two -- three and they take three . a hour 's plenty ! GREEN and what if it be not ? ( no answer ) do you think we will actually have to do it ? blue I do not know . they be run pretty late . int . federal reserve - counting - day ( silent ) close shot - million dollar it be now neatly pile together -- the fifteen thousand bill make a block approximately twenty inch high and twelve inch deep . camera pull back as the clerk stuff the money into a canvas bag , then push it through a raise window . int . adjoining room - travelling ( silent ) two guard take the bag , leave the room , cara following , and hurry down a corridor to the right . another guard open a gate lead to the security elevator . R ext . federal reserve - maiden lane side - day a police panel truck , its motor run , park at the side - walk in front of the load bay . in front of the truck , eight police motorcyclist , astride they bike , the engine also run , and occasionally racing they with a flick of the accelerator . the time be superimposed : " 3:03 " . int . police truck - day it be manned by two patrolmen of the special Operations divison -- wentworth , the driver , a young , red-headed man with a boyish face , and ricci , slightly older , on the moody side . ricci it sure be take they a helluva long time -- 90 . continued wen T worth it 's a lot of money , Albert . do you realize how many time you have get to wet you thumb when you be count out a million ? ricci that 's right -- kid around . but you know damn well that if we do not get it up there on time they be gonna blame we for it -- you know they be gonna blame we for it . wentworth look out there , - Albert -- eight cycle -- just for we -- and I hear there 's gonna be a cop at every single intersection all the way uptown . ricci yeah , and while we be tie up the entire New York Police Force , the whole East side 's gonna be rip off . went worth Albert , this might be the biggest day of my life and you be determine to spoil it , be not you ? radio be ( borough commander ) this be the borough Commander -- come in , car fourteen - David -- ricci ( grab the mike ) this be fourteen - David --- radio ( borc . ugh commander ) Jesus christi be not you guy move yet ? what the hell 's go on down there -- do you know what the goddam time be ? ricci ( roll he eye at wentworth ) yes , sir -- we be still wait for the money to come out , sir -- 91 . ext . park avenue &amp ; 28 th STREET - borough commander - day be ' 's on the radio . borough commander yeah ? well if it 's not there in thirty second you have my permission to go in after it ! a lieutenant interrupt he . lieutenant Sir -- we just get word that the Mayor 's on he way down . borough commander terrific . tell he we will hold the crowd ' till he get here . ( into the mike ) I be warning you two guy -- if I do not see you face before the deadline , I do not ' want to see they at all ! ever !! he slam down the mike . int . police truck ricci what would I tell you ? it 's all gonna be we fault . ext . loading BAY - day as the two Guards run out of the Federal Reserve , each hold one end of the money sack , each with he gun draw , and head for the Police truck . the time be superimposed : " s:05â° . they throw it into the front seat on ricci 's side and slam the door . the motorcycle be already start to move , shove off , they siren wail and the truck start after they . ext . mai , ) en lane &amp ; nassau STREET - day a cop on the corner wave the procession -- motorcycle and truck -- right on nassau , one of the narrowest street in the city -- car be park half up on the sidewalk -- and they head uphill toward John Street . 92 . overhead shot from the roof of one of the office building , as the police truck continue along nassau , past john , fulton , Ann , and on toward beekman , the eight motorcycle lead it . m .ext . parr : row - day camera panning with the truck as it follow the cycle out of nassau , a swing to the right at spruce , and then enter - ing Park row ( with City Hall on they leave ) head up the wrong way , against the traffic , cop at every intersection . int . police truck wentworth ' S Pov ( undercranked ) shoot through the windshield from the Driver 's point - of -view -- the eight cycle clear the way , the oncoming traffic pull over ( and the expression on the driver ' face ) as the truck careen through . int . police truck - [ wentworth &amp ; ricci wentworth be grin , really enjoy himself . ricci , hold the sack of money on he lap , be scowling . went worth beautiful -- really beautiful ! I have always want to do this -- we be scare the shit out of everybody . ricci R include I . wentwcrth what 's wrong with you , Albert ? this be something you can tell you kid about some day . ricci ( checking watch ) eight minute . we be never gonna make it . ext . 14 unicipal build - day as , tire screeching , the truck swing over to the right side of the street . traffic come off the Brooklyn Bridge be be hold up at the ramp . the time be superimposed : " 3:06 " camera pan with the truck as it pass Chambers Street and head up Centre . 93. ext . centre STREET - day as the cycle , siren scream , follow by the truck , race past the Federal Court Building , the City courthouse and the criminal court Building . int . command CENTER - day mo . shot - prescott he 's on the radio . prescott where be they now , Daniels -- ? radio ( daniel ) Centre Street , just north of Chambers . prescott what have we get -- ? ( check clock ) -- seven minute . Christ , it 's just not enough . radio ( daniel ) even if they make it up here to 28th Street in time -- we have still gotta carry it down track on foot . prescott no way . ( punch a button ) pelham one two Three -- this be prescott -- this be pelham one two Three -- prescott the money 's en route -- make pretty good time , too -- but it will not get to you by 3:13 . I be sorry to hear that . prescott listen -- suppose we get it to the station entrance by then -- will you change the deadline from delivery to you to arrival at 28th Street ? will you do that at least -- ? ( no answer ) pelham one tuv Three -- do you read -- ? 94 . continued I be here , Prescott . ( another pause ) all right . I agree . but no more concession , be that clear ? prescott clear , clear . ( punch a button ) Daniels -- they buy it . if we get it to the station entrance by 3:13 we will be okay . radio ( daniel ) good job , Prescott . prescott except for one thing -- radio ( dan iel S ) what 's that ? prescott we still will not make it . 71 , ext . canal STREET - day as a cop at the corner wave the cycle and truck leave on Canal , the traffic ahead on Centre be too heavy . the time be superimposed : " 3:09 " . int . police truck - day wentworth and ricci , the latter on the radio . ricci -- proceeding west on Canal Street on we way to Lafayette . traffic heavy . over . radio keep it come -- â€¢ you have get five minute . ricci we will make it . ( hang up mike ) we will never make it . 95 . continued to ? enttiorth five minute ? no sweat , Albert -- you want to stop for a beer ? ricci jesusl look out -- I ext . canal &amp ; lafayette - day as the cyclist turn right onto Lafayette , against the on - come traffic ( Lafayette be one - way downtown at this point ) the two lead bike sideswipe each other and , go out of " control , topple over , send they driver sprawling . the truck slam on its brake , . screeching to a stop just short of the pile-up . ext . park avenue &amp ; 28 th STREET - day a sergeant man the radio at the Command Post shout to the borough Commander who be off to one side , issue order to a small squad of policeman . sergeant Sir -- there 's be a accident -- borough commander Jesus Christ , I do not believe it ! he start for the radio in one of the vehicle . the time be superimposed : " 3:10 ' f. he grab the mike . borough commander this be the borough Commander -- what the hell happen ? radio ( ricci ) two cycle go down -- both rider get bang up - pretty bad . they will need a ambulance . borough commander never mind ! Drop off two more bike to look after they and keep go -- do you hear I ? keep 96 . ext . lafayette STREET - day as the truck , lead by only four cyclist now , continue speed north . the time be superimposed : " 3:11 " . int . police truck ricci ( on radio ) fourteen - David head north on Lafayette , approach vannrnare . radio get the lead out , for chrissakel ricci ( hang up mike ) why do not they face it -- it just can not be do ! wnetworth you know something , Albert -- you be absolutely right . next corner we be turn right , crossing the bridge to Brooklyn and you and I , we get ourselves a fast million buck , free and clear . ricci be ou crazy ? ! ( 3.0 of cs at he ) you be kid around again . wentworth but I have you go there for a minute , do n'.t I , ' Albert ? _ int . subway tunnel - first car as it sit in the darkness . the time be superimposed : " 3:11.34 -- " as now the second be show , run -- ' 135-36-37-38 -- " and will continue to do so throughout the follow scene . int . motorman' cab as the superimposed time continue run -- " 3:3.1.39 -40 - 41 - 42 - - " and Blue regards he watch . then he open the cab door . 97 continued blue Mr. Green -- GREEN ( appear at. door ) what ? blue come up on one minute . GREEN ( a pause ) have you decide which one it 's gonna be ? blue ( shrugging ) do it make any difference ? GREEN I guess not . ( a pause ) who 's gonna do it ? blue Mr. Brown . GREEN do he know ? blue he will not mind . GREEN neither would Mr. grey . blue mr.. Brown 's better . with hint it 's just a job -- not kick . he look at he watch as the . superimposed time continue to run : " 3:12.07-08-09 --to blue fifty second -- then we erase one . ext . lafayette &amp ; houston - day as the four motorcycle and the truck , siren all go , whip through the intersection against the light , a cop hold traffic . the superimposed time continue run : " 3:12.10-11-12-13-- " 98 . int . police truck ricci ( on radio ) fourteen - David crossing Houston , head for Cooper square -- radio you have still . get twenty -eight block -- floor the sonovabitch ! ! wentworth be bent over the wheel , all determination now . wentworth tell he I be do over sixty now ! ricci Holy Christ : -- the street 's block ! I wentworth hold on -- I be go through -- ! wentworth's Pov shoot through the windshield ( as the superimposed time continue to run : " 3:12.26-27-28-29 -- " ) the tail - light of the cycle be twinkle red 'as they begin brake -- a tractor- trailer be stretch across the street , lining up its rear - end with the narrow open of a load bay , in preparation for back into it . now the truck start back , and while there be still some space open ( on the sidewalk ) it be close fast . the cycle screech to a stop but it be clear that the truck do not intend to as it bump up onto the sidewalk , and start for the open . but it be now too narrow . the screeching brake of the truck be hear as it start to skid around , the panorama flash by sickeningly and , perhaps , a crash and , perhaps , the scene flopping over as the truck , perhaps , roll over onto one side . ext . lafayette STREET - day the Police truck lie on its side , its wheel still spin , the siren still run eerily . and the super - imposed time still run : " 3:12.38-39-40-41 -- " int . command CENTER - day close shot - prescott on the radio -- the time still superimposed and run : " 2:12.42-43-44-45 -- " prescott Daniels -- for God 's sake answer I ! where 's that goddam money -- ?! 99 . continued radio ( daniel ) hello , Prescott -- the truck 's be wreck -- somewhere on Lafayette Street . they radio 's go dead -- prescott what the hell be you talk about ?! it can not be wreck -- we be out of time , goddammit ! radio ( daniel ) what do you want I to do ?! we could not make it , that 's all ! prescott what do you mean , that 's all ?! they be just about to shoot some poor sonuvabitch -- 1 ! radio ( daniel ) what do they expect we to do ? if they know we be wreck how can they ask we to -- prescott they do not know anything , for chrissake ! how can they know anything down where they -- Holy shit , that 's it !! he punch a button on the console as the superimposed number now reflect the time down to the tenth of a second : " 3:12.55(0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9)-56(0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9 ) - 57 , ( 0-1-2 --- ) -- fl pre-scott ( shouting into radio ) pelham one two . Three -- ! the money 's arrive -- repeat , the money 's arrive !! ( short pause ) you make it just in time , Prescott . the superimposed ' time freeze : 113:59.58.6 . " Prescott exhales sharply and sit back in he chair , exhaust . the super - imposed number disappear . you still there , Prescott ? 100 . continued - 2 prescott yeah . I be still here . tell I something -- if we be a couple of second late -- you would have knock off a innocent person ? affirmative . now if you be ready , I will give you instruction for the delivery of the money . again , I will have to insist you follow they to the letter . prescott go ahead . two unarm policeman will walk down the track -- one with the money , the other with a light which he will flash continuously from side to side in a sweeping motion . when they reach the car the rear door will open and the one with the money will throw it in onto the floor . then they will both turn and walk back to the 28th Street Station . acknowledge . prescott I have get it . be that all ? for now . but keep it in mind that the same ground rule apply -- any wrong move by anyone and we will kill a hostage . prescott I could have . guess that part . you have ten minute to deliver the money . if it be not here by then -- prescott yeah , I know -- - it 's get mono - tonous . I do not suppose you will give we longer than ten minute -- ten 's more than enough , Prescott ( more ) 1 01. continued - 3 unless you be not tell the truth about the money have arrive -- presco '.ï¿½ T ( quickly ) it 's all right , ten minute be fine . no further discussion then . when we have the money in hand I will call you with the final set of instruction . prescott you do not really think you be gonna get out of there , do you ? I the clock 's run , Prescott I have get three - fourteen -- you have get until three - twenty - four . over . pre-scott over . over , you bastard . ext . park avenue &amp ; 28 th STREET - day as two motorcycle , siren blast , push they way through the crowd and stop at the borough Commander 's command post . one driver alight and go to help the other remove the canvas sack of money off the back of the second bike . they carry it together to the borough Commander . borough commander well , it 's about fuck time ! ( turning ) you two -- he have address two uniform man -- a Transit cop ( miskowsxy ) and .a tactical policeman ( o'keefe ) -- stand I together drink coffee out of container . they hurry over and salute . borough commmider which one have the flashlight ? miskowsky I do , sir -- he show it hang from he belt . 102 . continued borough commp -11 " der all right -- then you ( o'keefe ) carry the money . now move it -- you have only get about eight and a half minute . ( as they salute ) never mind the goddam salute just get go ! they take the sack from . the cyclist , hike it up onto o' keefe 's shoulder and hurry off , run down the step into the subway . now a chorus of boo be heax . borough c0124ander Christ , it 's the goddam Mayor ! sergeant ( craning ) I do not see he -- borough commander no , but I can sure hear he -- wider angle the Mayor , wrap in a blanket , be smile and nodd as he pass through the crowd , lead by a wedge of cop , flanke on one side by the commissioner , and on the other by Warren lasalle . the boroughr Commander wait for he , shaking he head in disgust . borough commander and to think that I vote for the ba stard . the mayorand entourage join he . warren hello , Commander -- his honor want to go down into the tunnel with a bullhorn and make a personal appeal to the hijacker . borough commander I be afraid not . warren I be not ask for you permission -- all you have to do be clear the way . 103 . continued the Commander look at the commissioner who stare right back , blankly . then he turn to the Mayor . borough commander I appreciate you want to help , sir , but you have come at a very bad time . warren Mr. commissioner , will you order you man to comply ? mayor cool it , Warren ' - - the Commander know the situation here and we do not . warren nate -- I be warning you -- mayor I feel shitty , Warren -- I be go back to bed . the Mayor turn and start back through the crowd , Warren chase after he . warren nate -- ! for God 's sake , nate -- ! int . subway tunnel be all that can be see in the darkness be a flashlight , its beam swinging back and forth , come toward camera . the time be superimposed : " 3:18 " . another angle ( travelling ) miskowsky and o' keefe walk along the roadbed , between the rail , miskowsky swinging the flash , o'keefe . carry the sack on he shoulder , both look around nervously , camera moving with they . finally : miskowsky my name 's miskowsky . what 's yours ? o'keefe o' keefe . 104 . continued miskowsky please t' meet ya . tactical Force ? o'keefe that 's right . miskowsky you get the feelin ' we be not alone down here ? o'keefe what do you mean ? miskowsky I think I see ' someone -- a couple of time in fact -- 0 ' keefe sharpshooter -- we get a couple dozen of them spread all over the place . there 's one -- mo . shot - sharpshooter miskowsky's Pov ( travelling ) a figure in the shadow , stand behind a pillar , see only in silhouette as camera pass he -- he helmet , he high - power rifle , etc . -- look very menace . mo . shot - miskowsky &amp ; o'keefe ( travelling ) mis kowsky you realize we get four submachine gun ahead of we and all that joker behind we ? I feel like I be walkin ' into the fuckin ' o.k. corral . o ' keefe look -- there it be -- I can see it . there 's somebody standin ' in the rear door . long shot - first car - o ' keefe ' S Pov the lone car , light from within -- and the silhouette of Brown at the rear storm door . mo . close shot - jame stand behind he pillar . now he turn he peak cap around and , turn he face to the pillar , slowly move he head to one side . 105 . mo . shot - first car - jame ' Pov shoot from behind the pillar . as the camera slowly crab , the subway car come into view -- and we see Brown stand at the rear door , much more clearly than before .. mo . close shot - jame as he. peek around the pillar . now , slowly , he bring he right hand up and , point he index finger . like a gun , " fire . " jame S p'choo , p'choo , p'choo -- he blow imaginary smoke from the end of he finger , pleased with himself . jame shiiiiiit . another angle from the other side of the pillar as James duck back behind it , turn he back to it and look around for another way of amusing himself . he notice he real gun in a holster at he belt and unbutton the strap , freeing it . then he assume the stance of a gunfighter , hand poise over it , knee slightly bent . then , move suddenly , he slap he holster , wheel , fire without aim -- and there 's a reverberate bang , the shatter of glass and the figure in the subway car reel back . James look at he hand in amazement -- there 's no gun in it . then , at the same - time , Brown have recover he balance and begin fire he submachine gun , the bullet ricochete off the metal pillar . mo . shot - miskowsky &amp ; o'keefe as they drop onto the roadbed , bullet whining all around they . miskowsky for chrissake , they be shoot at we ! , o' keefe push the sack of money in front of they and they press flat behind it . int . first car Blue be hurry from the conductor 's cab to the rear of the car , pass between the two row of stunne passenger who watch in silence . the storm door window have be smashed 106 . continued and there be glass all over the floor nearby . Brown be just in the process of sit heavily in the single isolate seat near the door , a dark red patch blossoming on he sleeve , just below the right shoulder , he sub - machine gun rest in he lap . he begin examine he wound with he leave hand . grey s-- and at the rear door , press flat against the wall , peer out . blue return to you position , Mr. grey . grey maybe they be not through -- blue you hear I , Mr. grey ! I do not think there will be any more . I reluctantly , grey go back to mid-car . brown it 's not too bad -- I think it go right through . I Blue spot something , bend and pick up a lump of metal which he toss to Brown who watch it in he bloody leave hand , glance at it , then throw it away . blue how do it feel ? brown . okay -- I never feel pain too much . blue how many shot be there ? brown just one -- the rest be I . I do not see anything -- I guess I just get mad -- no sense to it -- blue ( thinking ) somebody get nervc..us -- or bored -- they have be out there a long time . we can not let it pass . brown . I be not mad any more -- forget it . 107 . continued - 2 blue we can not afford to . ( look around , at the passenger ) I will go pick one cut . int . tunnel - jame his back to the pillar , 'he have he radio up to he face , whisper into it . jame -- I do not know who do it , Lieutenant -- it come from behind I somewhere -- in the dark . it hadda be one of they sniper they get down here -- radio ( garber ) acting on whose order ? jame I do not know -- maybe nobody 's . radio ( garber ) you mean somebody just take it into he head to fire ? on he own ? how could he do such a thing ? jame ( thinking ) easy -- real easy . radio ( garber ) can you see what 's go on inside the train ? jame not too good . radio ( garber ) what do you think - they will do ? jame I do not know -- but I would sure hate to be in there find out . int . first car - passengers - blue' Pov camera panning the passenger sit on one side of the car , the passenger stare back at camera ( Blue ) , then we cross the aisle and pan back up the other side . 100 . close shot - blue blue ( calmly ) you . stand up , please . reaction shot - passengers as they turn to look at whomever Blue have indicate . close shot - bud the conductor as he look up and touch he . chest with a finger . bud you mean I -- ? wider angle blue that 's right , conductor . would you come along with I , please ? bud why ? -- what be you go to do ? blue there 's something you can help we with . Bud still hesitates . blue do not worry , conductor -- come along -- he lead Bud by the arm back to the rear of the car , every passen gar 's eye on the conductor as he pass , he free hand move from overhead strap to strap . blue all you have to do be walk uptrack about a hundred foot and wait for the man deliver the money . they have reach the rear where Bud manage to avoid look at Brown while Blue slide open the door . blue I will help you down onto the track . bud why do I have to go -- ? 109 . continued blue ( level gaze ) I tell you -- there 's nothing to worry about . ( firmly ) now please go . Bud look at he , then accept Blue 's offer of help as he start to swing down onto the roadbed . int . tunnel - miskowsky &amp ; o ' reefe still face down behind the canvas sack . now o' keefe raise he head . 0 ' keefe look -- somebody 's be help down onto the track -- miskowsky ( peeking ) Christ , he 's come this way -- he 's head straight for we -- ! long shot - first car - miskowsky's Pov as the conductor head for camera . he hesitates , turn back to the subway car behind he , then continue walk . suddenly Brown loom in the doorway , he submachine gun poise , and now fire a short burst , the muzzle flash . V mo . shot - bud as he stagger , reach upward , then crumple as he pass camera , fall forward , camera follow he down . one of he outstretch hand come to re : near a pillar and a black shoe . camera then pan up to James ' terrify face . int . command CENTER - day Prescott on the radio . prescott what the hell be you talk about , sol ? how do you know they shot a hostage ? radio ( garber ) because one of we own cop be right there ! the body almost land on he , for Chris sake ! 110 . continued prescott but why ?! we be still under the delivery deadline -- radio ( garber ) somebody throw a shot at they -- now they be show we they be man of they word . prescott who the hell fire at they ? radio ( garber ) nobody know . my bet be we never will . pre-scott how far do the money get ? radio ( garber ) we guy say about fifteen yard back of he . it stop when the shoot start . what do we do now , clive ? prescott I better find out . Christ , what a fuck mess ! ( punch another button ) pelham one two Three -- come in , pelham , this be Prescott -- this be pelham -- go ahead , Prescott -- prescott do you have to do it , you bastard ? int . subway - first car - motorman' cab blue one of my people be shot -- I warn you what the penalty would be . radio ( prescott ) I be go to get you , you know -- I personally . blue in the meantime , where 's the money ? ( checking watch ) you only have three minute leave . int . tunnel - miskov7sky &amp ; o'keefe still lie behind the sack of money . o'keefe what do we do now ? miskowsky pray that a million buck be bullet - proof . jaye ' voice hey , you guy -- miskowsky ( draw he gun ) Jesus , who 's thgt -- ? jame ' voice Transit cop -- I be up ahead . I get order for you . resume you delivery . niskowsky I do not suppose we could have it in write -- ja tuky ' voice get go -- the order be make it snappy . miskowsky and o' keefe regard one another , then get slowly to they foot and brush themselves off . miskot` jsky I will never get this crap off . one of this day they oughta clean up this subway . he switch on he flashlight . int . first car Brown at the rear door , watch the track . now he turn and call . - brown Mr. Blue -- there 's the light . Blue return to the rear and stand watch with Brown . int . tunnel - miskowsky &amp ; o'keefe as they proceed , miskowsky sweeping the light from side to side , and o' keefe carry the sack . now miskowsky 's light 112 . continued pick out Bud 's dead body on the track -- and then caz dolowitz . miskowsky it look like Vietnam down here . they continue toward the first car . int . first car Blue now open the rear door as the flashlight 's beam sweep across the back end of the car . now miskowsky and o'keefe appear -- only they face peer into the car . o' keefe toss the sack off he shoulder onto the car 's floor and it land with a thud . miskowsky and o'i :eefe look up at Blue and Brown who merely stare back . no one speak . then the two policeman turn and go . Blue now busy himself with open the neck of the sack , then lift the other end so that the 75 brick of money spill out onto the floor in a heap . reaction shot - in rapid succession : Blue , Brown , grey and Green , they eye glue on the money -- and then various passenger : the pimp , the hooker , the Old dian , the Drama critic , the hippie , the Puerto rican , the fag. mo . shot - rear of car blue Mr. grey -- he gesture for grey to join they which he do , he eye on the money all the time . grey well -- will you look at that , now -- blue get you thing off -- both of you -- and start load up . Blue watch while both grey and : Brown remove they raincoat , jacket and finally they shirt . Brown have a blood -stain kerchief tie around he right upper arm . both wear what can only be call money vest : canvas , sleeveless , fitting over the head like a mae West , with tie on the side , and contain pocket , 20 in all , front and back . 113. continued blue Jr. grey , you do Mr. Brown , then he will do you -- nineteen packet each . Blue continue to observe for a mce - , ment as grey start insert packet of pill , one to a pocket , into Brown 's vest , as Brown stand stiffly , he hand at he side . then Blue walk to the front end of the car , join Green . GREEN all that money -- I can not believe it -- blue when they be finish it will be you turn . Mr. grey will load you up . but do not go down there until nr. Brown have come here to take you place . I will load up as soon as I talk - to Prescott . GREEN I just wish it be all over already . blue pretty soon now . he go into the motorman 's cab and shut the door . int . command CENTER - day Prescott at he desk , wait . then : this be pelham one two Three -- do you read I , Prescott -- ? prescott ( punch a , button ) this be Prescott -- intercut - blue &amp ; prescott blue I be go to give you five specific instruction . each one i.s.to be follow precisely -- be that clear ? prescott so far . 114 . continued blue one : at the end of this conversation you will restore power to the entire sector . prescott ( writing ) restore power -- blue twos you will clear the local track all the way from 28th Street to South ferry . by clear I mean switch properly set and all signal green . I emphasize green , Prescott -- if eve so much as see a red light , let alone get trip by one , we will shoot a hostage . prescott ( writing ) local track clear to South ferry and all signal green -- blue three. : all southbound train behind we , local and express , be to remain lie dead . likewise all northbound between South ferry and here . prescott ( writing ) get it -- blue four : you will con - " , act I as soon as the track be clear and all signal be green . prescott ( writing ) go ahead -- blue five : you will remove all police personnel from the tunnel . if we see a single cop between here and South ferry we will shoot a hostage . in fact , any deviation from this instruction and we will shoot a hostage . 115 . pied . shot - prescott pre , scott be you aware that you be insane ? ( after a pause ) let I know when all five point have be comply with . over and out . Prescott sit back for a moment , think . then he punch a button . prescott sol -- you there -- ? radio ( garber ) I be here , clive , what 's up ? prescott hold on while I cut in the city cop -- ( punch a button ) Daniels -- ? this be Prescott -- radio ( daniel ) come in , Prescott , this be Daniels -- prescott Daniels , I have get Lieutenant garber of the Transit Police on the line with we . I have the latest instruction from the hijackera â €¢ . they want power restore , the track clear , all signal green as far as South ferry , and no cop anywhere . okay , so we go along -- we have to -- but then what ? what do you think they have get in mind ? ( a silence ) do not all talk at once . I intercut â€¢- prescott , garber &amp ; daniel garber beat hell out of I , clive . I would not have pick a tunnel to make my getaway from in the first place . prescott but they do pick it '-- and since everything they have do so far have ( more ) 116 . continued prescott ( contd ) be organize down to tha smallest detail , it stand to reason they have get the rest work out , too . garber . power restore and the track clear -- so they be gonna move they car , obviously . but why South ferry ? daniel if I remember right it come after bowl Green -- what come after South ferry ? garber bowl Green again -- the track loop around and head back uptown . prescott all they will do be bottle themselves up . that 's no good . daniel so that mean they want South ferry . why ? prescott do you think it 's the water , sol ? maybe they have get a boat wait in the harbor -- do a seaplane -- garber who know ? we would . better play it a step at a time . clive , you see about restore power and clear . the track . Daniels and I will start pull we unit out of the tunnel . we can follow they just as well up above , on the street . daniel how '1l we know where they be ? prescott Grand Central Tower have them on they model board -- we can see every move they make . if they stop anywhere before South ferry we will know about it . 117 . continued - 2 daniel we would better put some man on all of the emergency exit just in case . I will check back in when I have find a squad car I can use . garber wait a minute ! I think I just figure out how they be gonna get away ! prescott I be listen -- garber they be gonna fly the train to Cuba ! mo . shot - prescott pre-scott ( smiling ) you be a sick man , sol . he disconnect , then rise and cross to Frank correll who 's still frantically leaf through teletype dispatch and shouting into a phone . correll what do you want I to do , for chrissake ? -- the goddam power 's still off ! you ' llr have to move they by bus -- what do you mean you do not have any bus ?! -- go hiiack some ! he slam the receiver down , then notice Prescott look down 'at he . correll what 's go on , Prescott -- do I get my train back now or do not I ? presco'i T you do not -- not yet . correll Jesus ! do you realize that in less than a hour the goddam rush hour start ? 118. continued prescott will you shut up and listen ? I have get a new set of instruction . correll ( turning away ; I do not give a rat 's ass for you fuck instruction ! I be not do anything to help the killer of caz dolowitz ! Prescott reach into he pocket , remove he service revolver and , grab correll by the chin , push he head back and place the muzzle of the gun into he eye . prescott if you do not do what I tell you , Frank , you will be have dinner tonight with caz dolowitz . int . subpay tunnel - first car it stand , as before . in the semi-darkness . then , suddenly , the light in the tunnel and inside the car flash on -- the power have be restore . the time be superimposed : Â°3:28. int . first car all light be on and the passenger react to the sudden brightness . Brown , fully dress again but look even bulkier with the addition of the money , stand at the front end of the car now . grey.is at mid-car , also dress again . Blue and Green be at the rear end , the latter have just finish fill the former 's money vest and now help he on with he jacket and raincoat . Blue move to the center of the car . blue you attention , please -- in a moment we be go to start move again . you will all remain seat and quiet . we expect to release you unharme in a short while , but until then you must continue do exactly as you be tell . come along , Mr. Green . he head for the motorman 's cab , Green right behind he . the pimp look at grey for a moment . 119 . continued pimp hey , dude . -- long as you goin ' downtown anyway , you mind droppin ' I off at fulton Street ? grey smart -ass nigger -- pimp you pretty , smart too , baby -- long as you holdin ' that piece . fag will you please ?! int . motorman' cab Blue stand to one side as Green set up at the control and check the track ahead . GREEN . Green all the way down . blue go ahead then . GREEN this be gonna hand them a jolt , you know -- move before they expect it . blue go ahead , Mr. Green . Green edge the controller forward and the car respond . int . tunnel as the car start to move . int . grand central tower close shot - model board as the red slashes represent pelham one two Three be move . wider angle feature Marino who be stare up at the board . marino Holy Christ , she 's move ! ( more ) 120 . continued marino ( contd ) ( turning ) what the hell 's goin ' on ? they say they would wait until we would clear the track all the way down ! Jenkins -- get the Command Center . mrs . jenkins ( into mike ) Grand Central Tower call Command CENTER -- int . command CENTER - prescott - day prescott come in , Grand Central Tower radio ( mrs . jenkins ) she 's move . prescott who 's move ? radio ( mrs . jenkins ) pelham one two Three prescott Mat ?! since when ? radio ( mrs . jenkins ) she just start . R prescott hold on -- ( punch a button ) sol -- she 's move ! radio ( gerber ) - who 's move ? prescott who the hell do you think ?! pelham ! what 's she do now , Grand Central ? radio ( mrs . jenkins ) still move -- pretty slow , but no sign of stop . radio ( gerber ) it 's too goddam soon ! we be not set up yet ! 121. continued prescott which be probably why they do it . you hear from Daniels yet ? I radio ( garber ) yeah . he 's in a squad car on Park Avenue South . try he on seven - five -- prescott ( punch another button ) Daniels -- ? it 's Prescott -- radio ( daniel ) I read you , Prescott -- what 's up ? prescott she 's move . radio ( daniel ) who 's move ? prescott what 's the matter with everybody ?!. how many hijacked train we get around here ? i radio ( daniel ) you mean pelham ? but they be not suppose to do that yet -- how far have they go ? prescott Grand Central -- ? radio ( nirs . jenkins ) they be come up on the 23rd Street Station . radio ( daniel ) oh shit , I would better clear the cop off that platform . sign off . pre-scott all right , everybody -- listen to I ! they jump the gun on we but we be gonna. stick right with them . that mean every single person in every department 's gonna shake he ass , do you get that ? radio ( mrs . jen INS ) do not worry , Lieutenant -- it 's shakin ' , 122. int . subway . tunnel as pelham one two Three roll . slowly along . int . first car - motorman' cab Blue and Green . GREEN we be come in to 23rd Street . blue keep it steady . GREEN I be still in switch -- can I push it up a notch ? blue no -- steady as she go . green' Pov shoot through the windshield . ahead , the 23rd Street platform be draw nearer -- and there be a crowd wait , many lean over to look uptrack at the approach train . green' voice Jesus -- look at them hang over the edge . when I be a motorman I have nightmare about they fall off in front of I . E int . 28 th STREET platform as the lone car pass slowly through . the long-stranded would - be rider start to shout , whistle and bang on the window and side of the. slowly pass car . int . first . car the. terrify passenger and the uncertain Brown and grey as the car run the gauntlet of the irate crowd outside ; they all shy from the poundi no fist . int . grand central tower - model board the red light move past 23rd Street . camera whip pan to Mrs. Jenkins on t ::e radio . mrs . jeniin pelham one two Three pass 23rd Street Station -- 123. ext . park avenue south &amp ; 23rd STREET - day a police squad car inch along , crossing 23rd Street , head downtos be . int . squad car - day Daniels and a uniform police driver . daniel ( into mike ) speed ? radio ( mrs . jenkins ) continue slow , at around five mile per hour -- what they call the switch position . daniel Prescott -- ? radio ( prescott ) go ahead , Daniels . -- daniel I just have a terrible think : what if they be not on the train ? what if they set the throttle and jump off ? while we be chase the train they be sneaking out a emergency exit somewhere behind we . radio ( prescott ) ingenious -- except for one thing : it 's impossible . daniel why ? radio . ( prescott ) a.little gizmo call the-dead man 's feature . it be build into the controller handle in case a motorman should ever drop dead . it have to have a man 's hand press down on it at all time in order to work . otherwise the train stop cold . daniel yeah ? radio ( prescott ) Nice try , though . but in case ( more ) 124 . continued radio ( prescoti ) ( contd ) you be - still worried , I be just about to call they . I will let you know if I get they answer service . int . subway - first car - motorman' cab close shot - controller handle Green 's hand press down on it . radio ( prescott ) Command Center call pelham one two Three -- camera pull back to include Green and Blue . blue ( into mike ) this be pelham . radio ( prescott ) what 's go on ? the track be not clear to South ferry yet -- how come you be move ? blue slight change of plan . we decide to put some distance between we and all that cop you have hide in the tunnel back there . radio " ( prescott ) if you keep move you be gonna start run into red signal . I do not want you to blame we for it . blue we will be stop soon . just get back when you have clear the rest of the track . sign off . ' GREEN do you think he 's figure anything out ? all that question -- blue perfectly natural under the circumstance . they be think just the way we want they to . 125 . int . 18 th STREET platform close down for some year , the station platform be no more brightly light than the rest of the tunnel , give it a eerie look . the first car of pelham one two Three roll slowly through . int . motorman' cab blue look sharp now -- it 's come up -- Blue and Green be strain they eye against the darken tunnel ahead . blue do you see it ? GREEN it 's that white light about a hundred foot ahead . blue all right -- this be close enough . Green start to apply the brake . int . grand central tower - model board the red light represent pelham one two Three stop . camera pull back to include Marino , Mrs. Jenkins and some of the towermen , all watch the board . marino she 's shut down again . pass it along . mrs . . jenkins ( into mike ) Grand Central ' Tower call Command Center -- come in , Command Center -- int . command CENTER - prescott - day at he console . he punch a button and speak into the mike . prescott this be Command Center -- rf dio ( mrs . jenkins ) she 's stop again , Lieutenant -- just below the 18th Street Station . 126 . continued prescott gotcha , thanks . ( push a button ) Daniels ? come in , Daniels this be Prescott -- radio ( da1 niel ) this be Daniels . prescott they have stop again . where be you ? radio ( daniel ) just crossing 17th Street . prescott pull over -- you be right above they . radio ( daniel S ) and then what ? prescott it 's up to they . I will get back to you . ( punch a button ) pelham one two Three -- this be prescott -- ( no answer ) pelham one two Three -- do you read I -- ? 11 int . subway - first car - motorman' cab Blue be hang the mike back on its hook before lend Green a hand with the bulky valpac that originally come onto the train with Blue . radio .( prescott ) come in , pelham . one two Three this be Prescott call -- can you hear I , pelham one two Three -- ? blue ignore he -- he will get tired and quit after a while . let 's get this stuff unpack -- there be not much time . they be unbuckle the strap and unfold the canvas bag , then attack the zippler . 127 . continued radio ( prescott ) come in , pelham one two Three -- int . coiitiand CENTER - pre - scott - day prescott ( into mike ) goddarani.t , pelham one two Three , what the hell 's wrong with you -- ?! still no answer . he sit back and think for a moment . then he turn to correll . pre CO tt Frank -- how long before you be clear all the way to South ferry ? correll you mean before this railroad be so totally fuck up that it will take a goddam computer , to put it back together ? pre cott right , Frank , that 's what I mean . correll five or six minute . I have get a snag at Brooklyn Bridge . prescott ( push a button ) SOL --- radio ( garber ) yeah , clive --â€¢- pre cott something 's go on down there -- I have not the faintest idea what but I be gonna go 'over and join Daniels at 17th Street . come on up here and take over on the radio -- but do not tell them the track 's clear until I check in with you . I do not want they start up again before I get there . int . subway - first car - ihiotorf , ian ' S cab close shot -- glz11ck as it be pull from the valpac -- a cast -iron , shoe - like 128. continued form with a mold , hollow - out area on one side . it be clearly heavy enough to require both of Green 's hand to heft it . caitie a pull back to reveal he , grunt , set it over the controller handle which it fit perfectly . Blue stand by , watch . GREEN perfect fit . Blue now hand he a length of pipe , some six inch in length . Green take it , fit one end into a socket on top of the gimmick , face toward the windshield , and screw it in . then Blue hand he he submachine gun . Green look at he for reassurance . blue go ahead . Green attack the windshield with tine stock of the gun , open a great splinter hole . int . subway car as the passenger react to the sound of break . glass come from within the i iotorman 's cab . int . 14otmmm's cab the front window be almost completely out -- only a few piece of glass cling to the frame . blue get it all -- it 's get to look right . Green use the gun 's barrel to scrape around the edge , clear away the last trace of glass . Blue now hand Green another length of pipe -- this one about three foot long . Green fit one end over the protrude end of the attach short pipe -- not screwing it , merely fitting it . the other end extend straight out the glassless windshield . blue try. it once -- make sure it come away clean . Green yank at the long pipe and it separate from the short one . GREEN perfect . he reattach it . 129 . continued blue okay . now j um_ down --- Ill hand the other oiece through . Green leave the cab . front STORM door Brown stand guard as Green come out of the cab . the two man exchange glance but no word as Green open the storm door , step out . int . tunnel as Green jump onto the roadbed and come around in front of the car , he shoe crunching the break glass . % lbove , from the cab , Blue hand Green down still a third pipe , this one the same length ( three foot ) as the second . Green now screw one end of the third to the protrude end of the second , but at such a angle that the construction now .turn sharply leave , extend toward the tunnel wall , beyond the side line of the train . blue make sure its tight . GREEN I do . blue come on back in . Green return to the storm door c there Brown extend he leave hand and pull Green back up into the car . int . mzotoriian ' S C , ` B Blue be inspect . the placement of the gimmick over the controller as Green enter . GREEN it 's all set to go . I only wish we be . blue do not worry -- ten minute from now we will be free and clear . ext . park avenue south &amp ; 16th STREET - day Union Square Park . a police squad car sit at the curb . the time be superiiiposed : :'3,41 , :' 130 . int . squad car - day Daniels on the radio . radio ( borough CO : for lander ) this be the borough Commander , Daniels â€¢--- what the hell 's go on ? daniel not very much at the moment , sir --- they be sit down there and we be sit up here . radio ( borough cof ..- ander ) that 's swell . what be you try to do , starve they out ? daniel no , sir -â €¢ - but it 's they move . Â¶7e be just wait for they to make it . radio ( borough c011-2nder ) all right --- keep I post . as Daniels hang up the mike the rear door open and Prescott stick he head inside . pre-scott Daniels ? d-miel who the hell be you ? R prescott Prescott . daniel Prescott ? I think -- I do not know what I think . get - in . Prescott climb into the back and close the door . prescott anything happen ? daniel no . they be still down there . if the street collapse we would probably land right on top of they . i31 . continued prescctt ( grab the mike ) Prescott to Command Center garber ? radio ( garber ) yeah , clive -- the track be clear for a couple of minute . can I call the hijacker ? prescott let them know . and let we know when they start move . ( hang up mike ) daniel what do we do -- wait or get start ? if they ever get up to speed we be . gonna have trouble stay with they . prescott ( thinking ) let 's go -- for once we will be a step ahead of they . ext . squad car as it pull away from the curb . int . subway first car - motorman' cab Blue and Green . radio ( gabber ) Command Center to pelham one two Three -- come in , pelham -- GREEN that 's not Prescott -- blue ( into mike ) this be pelham -- what happen to Prescott ? radio ( garber ) even star have to pee . just let you know the track 's clear -- all the way to South ferry . 132 . continued blue thanks , Command Center . give Prescott we regards . radio ( garber ) you can do it youraelf -- at the arraignment . blue over and out . he give the mike a strong tug and - snap the wire . blue I want this train move in thirty second . tell Mr. Brown and Mr. grey they . rcan cut the emergency brake cord . Green leave the cab . Blue examine the gimmick one last time , then follow Green out . int . subway car close shot - emergency brake cord as the rope with the red wooden handle , which dangle some six inch from a hole in the ceiling of the car , be cut by a pair of clipper insert into the hole . camera pull back to include Brown , stand on a seat behind the motorman 's cab . wider angle include grey who be cut the brake cord at the other end of the car . now , submachine gun in hand , Brown open the front storm door , crouch and drop out of sight . then grey start for the rear door , hesitates , return to the hooker and bend to whisper something in she ear . hooker you and what army ? snicker , he return to the rear door , open it and disappear . at the front of . the car , Green back out of the door , close it after he , and be help down to the roadbed by Brown from below . only Blue be leave . he hold he submachine gun easily cradle in one arm as he move through the car . blue you will remain in you seat . do not try to get up . 133. continued maid you mean ever ? blue I mean remain seat . he have reach the rear , walk backwards , and now grope behind he for the door handle . old man be not you go to tell we what a great bunch of hostage we have be ? Blue do not answer as he open the door and back out onto the metal landing . then he close the door and drop down to the track . the passenger , leave alone , look at one another uncertainly . int . tunnel the four hijacker be deploy along the side of the car -- Green in front with Brown , Blue in back with grey . blue all right , Mr. Green -- Green , a hand on the protrude pipe connect to the controller handle inside the motorman 's cab , now grab it with both hand and push inward , toward the train . W int . motor11an ' S cab close shot - controller handle as it be move clockwise , through switch , into the series position . int . tunnel the train start to move . as it do , Green tug sharply back on the pipe and the two longer section , angle together , disengage and come loose in he hand . he start to lose he balance but brawn grab he and pull he back to the tunnel wall . the train it pick up speed rapidly as it slide by they . int . first car as it accelerate . the passenger continue look around , not sure what 's happen . suddenly , without warning , the hippie jump to he foot and , run in a crouch toward the rear of the car , draw a revolver . T 134 . continued mother they say to remain seat -- I hippie I be a police officer -- ! he slide open the rear door of the now- rapidly - move car and dive out , leave the passenger even more confuse . int . tunnel - hippie as the car rattles away and he land hard , roll over ( perhaps hit a pillar ) , drop he gun and sustain arm and head laceration . he lie , face upwards , semi- conscious , fairly bloody . mo . shot - blue , GREEN , brown &amp ; grey as they group . blue let 's move along , gentleman -- there 's no time to waste . you all remember the drill . what 's wrong , Mr. Brown ? 1 brown ( looking downtrack ) I think I see something fall out the back of the train . blue what do it look like ? brown I do not know -- a shadow -- could have be a person -- I be not a hundred percent sure I see it . grey ( hefting he gun ) want I to go check ? ' blue ( peer aid think ) forget it -- there 's no time . int . grand central tower - model board the red blip be move . I 135 . continued Mrs. jenkins ' voice Grand Central toner to cozna.nd Center -- pelham one two Three in motion -- int . squad car - day Prescott still in the back seat , Daniels up front with the Driver . radio ( jenkins ) -- pass 14th St. station and run . speed approach 35 mile per hour . daniel we be right on top of she . prescott it do not make any sense -- they know we be monitoring they position -- that we have get to be follow thin -- daniel so ? prescott so it 's dumb . daniel . whoever say crook be smart ? prescott but this have be -- up to now , that be . they have not make a single mistake . I tell you we be over - looking somethings int . tunnel - emergency exit Blue , Green , Brown and grey have move to the door lead to the exit chamber ( under a grate in the street above ) , beneath the bare white bulb . blue all right , we do it exactly as we do in the drill -- by the number . I 136 . continued grey drill , number -- it 's all chicken - shit . why do not we just do it ? blue shut up and do what you be tell . submachine gun they set they down on the roadbed . blue hat , glass , wig and mustaches -- they remove they disguise anal we see they face for the first time . int . subway car as it bump and rattles along . the passenger have remain seat . mother can you imagine ? that beatnik be a policeman ? old man hippie -- they do not call they beatnik any more . CO - ed they do not call they hippie any more , either . mother how can they let policeman dress like that ? old nan I that 's he job -- he 's in cognito . w.a.s.p. he 's also dead , most likely . we be move pretty fast by the time he jump of , ; to salesman they be train to do that . pimp jump headfirst off a subway ? shiiit . I 137 continued mother where do you think they be take we now ? old liad do not worry -- they will let we go pretty soon . the hooker have be look around with grow anxiety and now , she stand up . hooxer you dumb bastard -- can not anybody count ?! they all four get off . -- there 's nobody drive the fuck train ! there 's a moment 's silence as everyone digest this news . then the mother scream . 111t . astor place platform as the lone car hurtle through the station . int . tunnel - hippie he raise himself on one elbow and shake he head . he wipe some blood off he face and look at he finger . blue' voice remove you coat -- turn inside - out -- and put back on . he look off . emergency exit - hippie' Pov as Blue , Green , Brown and grey take off they coat and begin turn they inside out -- illuminate by the over - head bulb . close shot - hippie he blink , still in a foa . he lcok at he empty hand for . a moment , try to remember what should still be in it but be not . then he begin grop around on the ground , and whisper to himself , barely audibly . hippie gun -- gotta find my gun -- 138 ned . shot - blue , GREEN , brown &amp ; grey as they be put they coat on again . grey 's be now a light beige poplin ; Brown 's a mediumn grey with fur collar ; Green 's a tan herringbone ; weed ; Blue 's a salt and pepper donegal . blue hat -- they remove new hat from they coat pocket -- grey 's a powder blue low - crown golf hat ; Brown 's a grey with short upturn brim ; Green 's a grey Russian astrakhan ; Blue 's a brown cap with short visor . blue remove glove -- I ext . astor place - day as the squad car go through , siren scream . int . squad car - day radio ( jen_fcins ) pelham one two Three report halfway , between astor place and bleeker , speed increase -- daniel Christ , they be gain on we ! prescott it have something co do with that short move they surprised we with -- from 28th to 17th St. -- daniel what do ? prescott they scheme -- it 's tie up some - how with that move -- it have to bet but why would they do it ? daniel I give up . prescott to get away from the cop in the tunnel , that 's what they say -- all right , why not ? suppose they be do something they do not want anybody to see ? 139 continued daniel like what ? close shot - prescott prescott ( softly and evenly ) like get off the train . Daniels --- turn around , we be go back . wider angle include Daniels . daniel like hell we be . prescott they be not on the train -- I be sure of it ! daniel look , presoctt -- I be the one who suggest that in the first place -- but you shot I down -- something about a ' dead man 's feature " -- prescott they figure out how to beat it -- that 's they aanl , , -- that 's what they start with ! Daniels consider for a instant , then turn to the Driver . daniel turn it around - and burn rubber ! ext . squad car as it pull a U -turn in the middle of the block ( Broadway ) , tire squealing , barely avoid a bus . the time be superimposed : " 3:48 . " into tunnel Blue , Green , Brown and grey . blue check handgun in coat pocket -- 140 continued they each remove a snub-nose pistol , check it , then return it . blue remove magazine from submachine gun . all of they pick up they submachine gun but only three remove the magazine and then place the gun back dcwn again . grey merely watch the other three , . continue to hold he gun under he arm , a slight smile on he face . blue do you hear I , Mr. grey ? disarm you gun and put it down so we can I get out of here . grey I be not leave it -- it go out with I . blue put it down , Mr. grey -- grey what if something 's go wrong ? what if they be wait for we up there ? I want more and just a dinky pea-shooter ! blue nothing 's go wrong . the plan depend on we walk away un - notice . you can not do that carry - ing a submachine gun . grey I will not just carry it -- I will hold it under my coat -- GREEN this be crazy ! do what he say so we can get go ! blue you be leave you gun here , Mr. grey -- grey ( smile insolently ) in a pig 's ass , Mr. Blue -- 141 continued - 2 without any warning , Blue , whose wright hand have be in he pocket , fire he pistol through he coat , catch for grey full in the chest . he stagger back , bump against the tunnel wall and collapse , landing on he side . Blue bend , pries the submachine gun ' loose from grey 's death grip , remove the magazine , pocket it , and toss the gun away . Green have watch all this in near panic . GREEN oh my God -- Brown watch with a detachment border on disinterest . brown I what about he money vest ? blue Mr. Green will put it on over he own . GREEN I ? why I ? blue you be the thinnest one -- it will show less . hurry up and undress . Mr. Brown -- help I with Mr. grey . they start to work on the dead body as Green start undress . tnt . grand central tower - model board the red light progress . ca14era pull back . mrs . jenkins she 's pass Canal st.l.do around fifty mile per . marino that 's a , pretty good clip -- I hope they know what they be do . mrs . jenkins only four more station to South ferry . int . canal ST . platform as the single car roar through the station , the darken front window divulge nothing . I 142 int . first car some of the passenger have go to the front of the car . the w.a.s.p. be try to open the door to the motorman 's cab , but there 's no outside handle so all he can do be pound impotently against it . the mother remain in she seat hold she two boy press against she . now the Old man start push he way up front . old man my friend -- please -- the situa - tion be not as lousy as it look -- fag just a little lousy 's good enough for I . w.a.s.p. I never know this thing go so fast . mother we be go to be killedl old man no -- no we will not ! I admit that right now we be on a run-away train , but it 's only temporary -- the car careen into a curve and sway wildly as the metal wheel scrape and screech . there 's a good deal of scream - ing and shouting from the passenger as several fall down . the Old man start to topple but the pimp steady he . old ilxn thank you , brother . w.a.s.p. ahelluva lot you know -- old man but I do know -- I have be riding the subways for over sixty year -- I be a expert ! hooker why do not we cut all this crap and beat down that goddam door , for chrissakel old .man it be not necessary ! they get something call stopper or tripper or sticker or something ( more ) I 143 continued old man ( contd ) like that -- so whenever a train go through a red light this thing automatically stop it . pimp ( look cut the front window ) there 's jest one thing , baby -- old man ( turning ) what 's that ? I pimp they all green . the tunnel ( undercranked ) shoot straight ahead from the-front of the train . nothing but green light ahead as the train race along . int . tunnel - hippie propped up now against a pillar , strain to look at something , off . hijacker - hippie' Pov Blue and Brown be tie the second money vest on Green , then help he on with he shirt 4nd coat . mo . shot - hippie he return he attention to the business of locating he gun . he scrape the heel of a extend leg ( to he extreme discomfort ) along the ground hope to discover it -- and do . see it , he now go through the painful exercise of reach for it -- finally manage this , too . now , lift one knee as a gun mount , he hold the revolver in both hand and start to take aim . hijacker - hippie' Pov with the gun in the foreground , its sight be shift as the three man be prepare to leave through the emergency exit . now the hippie 's vision ( focus ) blur for a moment , and when it clear , Green have already disappear through the door and Brown be right behind he . the gunsight center on Brown 's broad back -- and the gun fire . Brown convulse and topple backwards . 144 ext . broadway - day the squad car , racing uptown now . int . squad car daniel you would better be right about this , prescott -- p res cott even if I be , we be probably gonna be too late . int . tunnel Blue stand behind a pillar , he gun in hand , peer into the darkness , try to locate the marksman . Green be in the well of the emergency exit , beside the metal ladder that lead up through a grate and out onto the street . between they , before the open doorway to the well , Brown 's body lie face up on the ground . Green now gesture for Blue to come across the open area separate then . GREEN come on -- i blue I would never make it -- I ( pointing downtrack ) it come from down there someplace -- I have get to . get he . go on up -- 1 Green hesitates , look up the ladder , look back at Blue . GREEN I -- I will wait for you -- 1 Blue look at he fora moment , then check he pistol and , slowly , step out from behind the pillar . a shot ring out immediately and the ricochet off the pillar zing loudly . Blue calmly fire twice at the muzzle flash . mo . shot - hippie both shot have connect , one hit he arm and send the pistol fly away , the other into he upper chest , below the right shoulder . he topple over , sprawling across one rail , onto the roadbed . iced , shot - blue he have step back behind he pillar again to listen . silence . 145 continued GREEN do you hit , he -- ?! blue quiet ! he listen again , then leave he pillar , and hurry downtrack to the next where he again wait and listen , mo . shot - hippie inadvertently , he groan . mo . shot - blue he have hear . now he step out from behind the pillar and start forward to the next , a-little more secure . int . wall ST . platform as the single car flash through the station . the tunnel ( undercranked ) as before , shoot straight ahead from the front of the train . still nothing but green light . int . first car most of the passenger be now pack at the front of the car , stare out at the track - ahead . w.a.s.p. where be the goddam red light ?! salesman there be not any ! mother we be not stop -- we be go to be kill ! i old man there 's gonna be a red light -- there have to be ! hooker and what if there be not -- ?! old man ( less sure ) there have to be -- ' 34.6 int . tunnel - blue now he can see the hippie lie across the track ahead . he slowly start toward he , calm , he pistol at he side . blue Mr. Green -- ! it 's all right ! go on up -- I will be right with you -- ! mo . shot - GREEN as he climb up the ladder and start push up the grate above he head . ' mo . shot - hippie barely conscioous , unable to move , he watch Blue approach . mo . shot - blue as he continue walk , unhurry , toward the hippie . finally he arrive , stop , look down at the injure man . blue you be on the train . be you a cop ? almost imperceptibly , the hippie nod -- just once . blue then the Mayor will come to you funeral . X he lift he gun to aim and fire and the hippie manage to turn he head away . then there 's a shot -- and Blue crumple to the ground , dead . another angle I as Prescott come up and stand look down at Blue 's body . then he turn he attention to the hippie , bend beside he . all he can see be the long blond hair . prescott I will have a ambr lance here in no time at all , miss -- every - thing 's go to be all right . int . south ferry platform close shot - sign identify the stop -- " south ferry " . camera ti7hip pan to the track as the lone car of pelham one two Three roar in and , speed undiminished , roar out . 147 . int . first car the old man be sit now , he head in he hand . the w.a.s.p. , the hooker , the pimp and one or two other , be still jamme up against the window . ' hookep my God -- look -- 1 ! the tunnel - hooker ' S Pov ( undercranked ) a sharp curve ahead . w.a.s.p.'s voice we be go too fast to make it -- I the train rush into the curve and then , as the wheel 1 start to screech , a red signal come into view -- and camera zoom in on it . hooker' voice I look -- I it 's red !! insert - subway car wheel if possible , show the tripper work on the car to stop it . int . first car I with a hiss sound , and as everyone be throw forward , the car decelerate quickly and finally stop -- and there be complete silence . various reaction shot -- passengers -- the Puerto rican crossing himself . -- the mother hugging she two son to she , weep . -- the pimp , sit , he head back , stare at the ceiling . -- the w.a.s.p. lightin_g .a , cigarette with tremble . hand . -- etc. mo . shot - old man &amp ; hooker he slowly look up , then around , finally at the hooker and he smile . old man I tell you it would stop , do not I ? hooked you win , pop . 148. close shot - wino lady she open she rheumy eye for the first time . wino lady forty -secon ' stree ' aw'ready -- ? ext . park ave . so. &amp ; 16th ST . - dusk travelling with Prescott as he walk and survey the scene : several squad car stand at the curb , they red light flash and revolve ; and now a ambulance , siren wail , pull up . a couple of cop help the attendant with they wheeled stretcher and hurry off with it . Prescott head for one of the squad car and the time be superimposed : " 4:06 I it he arrive at the car and lean in to talk to Daniels . prescott what about the train ? daniel stop itself just past South ferry . everybody 's okay . p res cott that 's a break . so what 's the score ? daniel on we side -- two ' dead and a long - haire cop on the critical list . they side ? prescott Three dead . daniel and do not forget . he he indicate the back seat with he thumb . camera pan to pick up Green , sit sadly , stare at nothing in particular . int . command CENTER - correll - night at he desk , operate furiously on the phone , the radio , with dispatch , he sweat - soak shirt cling to he . correll -- maintenance -- you get that tripper reset yet ? -- well , it 's ( more ) 149 . continued correll ( contd ) about fuck time ! -- nevins St. Tower -- the South ferry loop 's open again , repeat , South ferry loop open -- Opera on , this be my last warning -- if all you cop be not out of the tunnel at 16th St. in thirty second I be gonna run them down -- what ? -- well , why the hell do not you say so ?! -- to all motormen , to all motormen -- resume normal route and schedule , effective immedi- ately ! he shut off all he line and sit back , look around . his relief man be stand by . correll okay , augie -- I be givin ' you back you railroad -- full ser - vice restore -- try and keep it that way , will you ? 711 . he rise wearily , take he coat off the back of he chair , and &lt ; &lt ; ; atch as the relief man slip into the seat . relief man great job , Frank -- great job . correll nod and start out . y trainm . aster it 's gonna be pretty dull around here tomorrow , Frank -- what be you gonna do for a encore ? correll bring charge against that nigger cop . he wave and start off , across the large room . the other watch he go . trainmaster with that mouth he eat ? the time be superimposed : â€Ža : 21 . " 150 . int . hospital room - night hippie be Pov - blurred then come into focus -- a group of man ( the Mayor , the commissioner , Warren lasalle and a doctor ) be stand look down at the hippie ( camera ) lie in bed . doctor I believe he 's awake now -- another angle include the hippie in bed and a news camerman stand by . the Mayor be wrap . in a heavy overcoat , a woolen muffler and a fur hat with ear-muff . mayor congratulation , patrolman -- uh -- commissioner Berry -- Robert G. mayor -- patrolman Berry -- all right if I call you Bob ? you perform a act of extraordinary valor , Bob -- the people of the city of New York be in you debt . ( he sneeze ) warren shake he hand , nate -- the Mayor reach out to shake hand , but the hippie be too weak to lift he -- so the Mayor pick it up from atop the cover and pump it . a flashbulb pop from the photo - grapher 's camera . then the Mayor sneeze again . commissioner splendid work , Berry -- the de- partment 's very proud of you . I have already put you in for pro- motion . hippie ( weakly ) thank you , sir -- I only do what any other man on the force would have -- mayor so long now , Bob -- hurry up and get well , will you , fella ? and congratulation again . 151 . continued hippie thank you , sir -- I only do what any other man on the force but they be already move toward the door . mayor he look better than I do -- probably feel better , too . the hippie 's eye slowly close as he go back to sleep . the time be superimposed : " 9:03 . " ext . transit authority bldg . - J ay ST . - night as Prescott come down the front step , alone , wear a raincoat against the night 's chill . he start off down the street . ext . fulton ST . - night most of the store close , they iron grill draw , as pre - cott walk along . he stop at a corner newsstand that 's just be board up by a old woman . he spot the Daily News headline -- " i.r.t. train hijacked ! " -- and busy one . old woman know what 's gonna go next ? the Empire State Building . prescott ( smiling ) I would not be surprised . he start off down the street again , have fold back the front page and . now read the third page . suddenly he crumple the paper into a , ball between he two hand , fake dribble it along the sidewalk , make a good move , fake one man , spin away from another and , hook a high arching shot at a wire mesh trash basket , watch it hit the rim and bounce away , onto the pavement . pre CO " ' T ( softly ) shit . he keep on walk as the time be superimposed : " 10:14 . " fade out . the end