the body snatcher screenplay rko radio picture present the body snatcher boris karloff as John Gray henry daniell as Dr. mcfarland bela lugosi as Joseph russell WADE as Dr. Donald fettes edith atwater as meg camden rita corday as Mrs. marsh sharyn moffett as georgina marsh donna lee as the Street Singer ROBERT clarke as Richardson carl kent as gilchrist bill william as a Medical Student jack welch as the Boy larry wheat as the salesman mary gordon as Mrs. McBride jim moran as the horse Trader ina constant as the maid directed by Robert Wise screenplay by Philip macdonald and carlos keith base on the story by Robert Louis stevenson produce by Val lewton executive producer : Jack L. Gross Music : Roy webb musical director : c. bakaleinikoff song : we would better bide a wee when ye gang awa ' Jamie will ye no come back again sung by the Street Singer the spit song sung by the Boy bonnie dundee sung by a male quartet photography : Robert De grasse Art director : Albert d'agostino and walter E. keller set decorator : darrell silvera & John sturtevant editor : j.r. whitredge costume by Renee asst . director : Harry Scott sound record by Bailey fesler re-record by Terry kellum release date : May , 1945 running time : 74 minute ROBERT louis stevenson be " the body snatcher " screen play by Philip macdonald fade in the MAIN and credit title be imposed on a mezzotint of Edinburgh castle view from the causeway . when the last credit title dissolves dissolve to stop frame of stock shot show Edinburgh castle . over this be a title : edinburg -- 1831 with the dissolve of the word the stock shot come to life with a carriage come toward the camera . ext . edinburgh STREET -- late afternoon full spot -- down the lonely , almost desert street come a cab draw by a bony white horse . this black and sepulchral vehicle pass through the long shadow and sharp gleam of the late afternoon sun . on the box , bunched over , almost lose in the fold of he triple - cape overcoat and with a batter beaver on he hand , be the cabman . the horse plod along , he hoof beat echoing with a hollow sound in the narrow street . at the corner the vehicle turn leave . ext . greyfriar churchyard -- late afternoon the black cab draw by the white horse go slowly past a little cemetery . the driver turn he head and look down as he go past . from he angle , but not a moving shot , a pleasant little graveyard with mossy gravestone ; old turf make a spot of green between the gray wall of the kirk and the blank stone wall of a large building . seat on a table stone be young Donald fettes , a poor medical student , dress in wear neat clothing with only a woolen scarf about he neck for warmth . he sit in such scanty sunlight as he can find , munch on a cold bannock and wash it down with thin ale from a round stone bottle . mo . close shot -- fettes . in the closer view it can be see that he be look at a small cairn terrier who lie morosely guard a newly - make grave . the dog , with he head down between he forepaw , occasionally glance over apprehensively at the young student . fettes take a bit of he bannock between he thumb and forefinger and lean forward toward the dog . fettes here , -- here 's a bit of something for you . the dog do not stir . fettes lean further forward almost put the morsel of food to the dog 's nose . the dog growl savagely . fettes draw back . fettes ( cont would ) now , now , laddie -- I only want to be friendly . it be at this moment that a shadow fall athwart he and loom up in the afternoon sunlight against the wall behind he . he look up . another angle -- fettes look over as Mrs. macbride , a plump , motherly woman of middle - age , with a tartan shawl over she head and carry a pannikin of water and a bone with some meat on it , come through the gate . she cross over to the little dog , put the water before he and start shredd little piece of meat from the bone to feed he . the dog lap avidly at the water , then gratefully take the morsel of meat she give he . mo . full shot -- fettes and Mrs. macbride . mrs . macbride he will not leave the grave -- not since Wednesday last when we bury the lad . fettes you son , mar 'am ? he must have be a fine boy for the wee dog to love he so . Mrs. macbride nod . mrs . macbride a great , kind lad , he be -- gentle with all thing like Robbie . she pause , sigh and then go on . mrs . macbride ( cont would ) now I can not get the dog to leave , here . perhaps it be for the best . I have not money enough to afford a grave watcher . fettes ( look about ) not much danger here , mar 'am , I would not think -- right here in the heart of Edinburgh . mrs . macbride they be uncommon bold , the grave robber -- and the daft doctor who drive they on . fettes ( a little uncomfortable ; feel he have to make the admission ) I be by way of be a medical myself . mrs . macbride a doctor ? fettes a student . I be study under Dr. macfarlane -- that be , I have be study until today -- he start to get up . at this moment in the street can be hear the clop-clop of a horse 's hoof and the rattle of iron wheel on the cobblestone . on the ground and gravestone appear and pass the monstrous shadow of a horse and cab , angular and distort , the driver 's shadow hunch and evil , now go from leave to right . ext . edinburgh STREET -- late afternoon long shot -- a typical street scene of the time . a dog cart draw by a smart tandem pass . it be drive by a young buck of the period ; top-hatted , dandify , he whip hold at a just so angle . on the sidewalk , a group of small boy follow a recruiting sergeant of the seaforth highlander . a drummer walk at he heel . he stop at a wooden " Charlie " , the rough police booth of that day , and begin to tack up he poster . the boy crowd around to watch . one of they back up to a little trundle cart and surreptitiously filch a piece of the shortbread be sell from this portable store . at the other side of the " Charlie " stand a street singer , a beautiful girl of about nineteen , dress in rag highland plaid . she be sing a old border ballad about two crow who sit wait to pick the dead eye out of a fall knight . a shepherd , crook in hand , and faithfully attend by two handsome colly , stop a moment to hear she song , drop some copper into the begging bowl she hold in she hand , then pass on . through the consonance of the street singer 's song come the dissonant beat of a horse 's hoof , the rack clatter of iron -shod wheel and then between the singer and the camera there pass , very close , the white horse and the black cab . as it block she out of the scene wipe dissolve ext . macfarlane's house -- late afternoon full shot -- before the impose edifice which house Dr. macfarlane 's live quarter as well as he school of anatomy , the cab , draw by the white horse , pull up . the driver begin to alight from the box . he climb down , and start for the cab door . close shot -- Gray as he open the door . Gray be a man of middle year with keen , darting eye set in a face line and furrow by a evil life . the quick play of he feature as he talk or smile can form a move and deceptive mask . so that now as he open the door , smile , to help he passenger alight , he face be cring with good humor and servility . from the cab step a young and lovely woman dress in become widow 's weed . this be Mrs. marsh . she reach the sidewalk , turn back for the other occupant of the cab . this be a little girl of about eight , dress in a flower - sprigge kate greenway gown and a poke bonnet to match . Gray forestalls she . gray I will get it , mar 'am . he touch he hat respectfully , reach in and bring out a tiny wheel - chair , which he set down . he reach in again and take the child up in he arm . gray ( cont would ) ( as he pick she up ) come , little miss . cabman Gray will carry you safe enough . with the child in he arm he start toward he horse 's head , talk as he go . gray ( cont would ) give my horse a pat . he know every little girl in Edinburgh . some day when you be runnin ' and playin ' in the street he will nicker at ye as we go by . close shot -- the horse , Gray , and the little girl . georgina I can not run and play . gray I would forget that , lassie . all the more reason for friend here bid you a good -day . georgina smile and pat the horse 's nose . another angle -- feature Mrs. marsh as she smile watch Gray and the child . he turn back toward she . mrs . marsh would you mind carry she up the step ? Mrs. marsh reach for the wheel - chair . full shot -- Mrs. marsh take the wheel - chair up the two step . Gray follow carry the child . he set the child tenderly in the wheel - chair , smile as he do so . gray back in you own wee cab . georgina thank you . in the meantime , Mrs. marsh have fumble through she purse for change . she hand this to Gray . he take the money from he right hand , then remove he hat with he leave hand , bob he forelock with the right in a series of obsequious gesture . gray thank ye , mar 'am . thank ye . ( to georgina ) you watch sharp , little miss for my horse to give you a " hello " . close shot -- georgina look at Gray with great pleased eye . this have make a definite impression on she . ext . macfarlane's house -- day Mrs. marsh have use the door knocker . now in response the door be open by a handsome woman of thirty - five , meg cameron . mrs . marsh I would like to see Dr. macfarlane . meg give Mrs. marsh a quick look and then turn to look at Gray . a glance pass between they ; a glance which tell of previous acquaintance , yet neither speak . he turn and go down the step . silently , meg open the door and allow Mrs. marsh to push georgina 's wheel chair through into the hall . int . macfarlane's hallway -- afternoon georgina 's wheel chair be push into this gloomy and forbid entry . meg close the door behind they , then without further word , stride down the hall . Mrs. marsh and the little girl wait and look around . close shot -- georgina . with great wide eye the child look around at the antler stag head , the cruel - look walk stick in the umbrella stand and the light - foote mercury with caduceus upraise . the caduceus throw its pattern shadow across the child 's face . close two shot -- georgina and Mrs. marsh . Mrs. marsh see the fright in the child 's face and reassuringly pat she shoulder . there be the sound of a door open and they both look off in that direction . mo . full shot -- the doorway to the sit room , shoot past georgina and she mother . frame in this doorway be the tall , robust figure of Dr. Douglas macfarlane , a man in the prime of life , dress with almost flamboyant foppishness and carry himself with the assurance that the world be not only he oyster , but that he have it pin on a fork and can swallow it and digest it with pleasure . three shot -- georgina , Mrs. marsh and Dr. macfarlane . mrs . marsh ( rise ) Dr. macfarlane ? he half - bow in acknowledgment . mrs . marsh ( cont would ) I be Mrs. marsh -- this be my daughter -- georgina . she fumble in she reticule and pull forth a unseal letter which she pass to the doctor . mrs . marsh ( cont would ) Dr. maximillian of leyden ask I to present this to you . he think you might examine my little girl . while she be speak , Dr. macfarlane have open the missive . macfarlane ( as he read ) maximillian -- a very famous colleague of mine . I be delighted to honor he request . with a expansive gesture he point to a door . Mrs. marsh push the wheel chair toward the live room door . dolly shot -- the entrance to the sit room . macfarlane ( cont would ) ( over the child 's head to Mrs. marsh ) bear paralyze ? the little girl shrink from he at the bluntness of this question . mrs . marsh no . it be a accident . int . sitting room -- afternoon although it be late afternoon the lamp have be light in this part of the house . Mrs. marsh wheel the chair into the middle of the room and then stand to one side so that Dr. macfarlane can examine the child . meg cameron stand by the window . macfarlane be the paralysis immediate ? mrs . marsh no , Doctor . she seem to get better , then about six month later she begin to complain of pain in she back -- macfarlane how long after that be the paralysis complete ? mrs . marsh nearly a year . macfarlane any attack of pain since ? mrs . marsh yes , Doctor . macfarlane be she pain sporadic or constant ? mrs . marsh it come at interval . they use to be month apart -- but they have be grow more frequent -- ( catch in she voice ) much more frequent . macfarlane ( directly to georgina ) see here , child , when you have this pain in you back , where be it ? georgina ( set she jaw ) I do not know . macfarlane Point to where it hurt . you can at least do that , can not you ? georgina I do not know . macfarlane ( angrily to Mrs. marsh ) this be useless , mar 'am . he leave the sentence unfinish and go toward the center of the room . Mrs. marsh lean down beside the chair . two shot -- Mrs. marsh and georgina . mrs . marsh please , darling , do not be so stubborn . georgina dart a glance in macfarlane 's direction . georgina ( whisper ) mother -- he frighten I . mo . full shot -- the door in the background . there be a soft rap at the door and then almost immediately it open and fettes come in . he look about , see the doctor busily engage with a beautiful young woman and a sick child . he be embarrassed and try to withdraw . fettes Excuse I , Dr. macfarlane -- macfarlane come in , boy -- come in . fettes close the door behind he and stand rather shyly , not know what to do or say . macfarlane ( cont would ) perhaps you can do something with this young lady . I can not get a aye , yes , or no out of she . fettes ( protest ) but , Doctor , I only want to speak to you -- macfarlane ( interrupt ) come -- it 's a chance to try out you bedside manner , fettes . take a look at the child . fettes walk up shyly to the child . two shot -- fettes and georgina . fettes stand abash and awkward before the clear-ey glance of the little invalid . he smile at she . the child smile back . georgina be you a doctor , too ? fettes not yet . georgina you will be a good doctor . I know all about doctor . fettes smile . fettes that 's a nice chair you have . he push it . it roll a little . fettes ( cont would ) useful , too . where do you get it ? it be not English , be it ? georgina ( study he ) what you really want to ask I be about my back , be not it -- about where it hurt ? fettes why , yes . georgina well -- she lean forward and reach around with one hand . georgina ( cont would ) it 's sort of all around here -- then down my leg -- it aches as if I have be walk a awfully long way -- ( look up at fettes ) that 's funny , be not it -- because I can not walk at all . fettes would you mind very much if I lift you -- ( point to a table in the other room ) -- onto that table in there ? she hold out she arm to he . fettes lift she up and carry she into the other room . the camera pull back to reveal Mrs. marsh and macfarlane watch fettes and the child . they stand in the f.g. talk together while in the other room fettes put the child down on she stomach , open she dress and examine she . macfarlane child seem to take to the lad . what sort of a accident be it , ma'am ? mrs . marsh a carriage overturn . my husband be kill and georgina be hurt . macfarlane how long ago ? mrs . marsh Three year . fettes ( call from the other room ) Dr. macfarlane -- macfarlane ( to Mrs. marsh ) Excuse I . he stride forward . Mrs. marsh remain where she be . int . examination room -- day macfarlane come into the scene , bend over and examine the little girl 's back . he feel the spine with first one hand , then the other . he nod to fettes and turn away . fettes begin to button up the little girl 's dress . int . sitting room -- day macfarlane be walk back to where Mrs. marsh stand . in the b.g. fettes can be see as he button up the little girl 's dress , pick she up in he arm and bring she back to the wheel chair . macfarlane come over to Mrs. marsh . trucking shot of macfarlane . macfarlane meg , give fettes a hand there -- help he wheel the little girl into the hall . he turn back to Mrs. marsh . two shot -- Mrs. marsh and macfarlane . she be look at he anxiously ; wait to hear he verdict . he glance at Dr. maximillian 's letter before speak . macfarlane ( cont would ) ( tapping the letter in he hand ) it seem that Dr. maximillian be right . the violence of the accident must have disturb the tissue and cause a traumatic tumor -- a sort of growth that press against the nerve center . mrs . marsh but can anything be do for she ? macfarlane perhaps -- a delicate operation -- a operation which have never be perform -- but it could be perform . I be sure it could be -- I could incise the columna dorsi -- he be quite excited as he speak , almost as if challenging himself . Mrs. marsh 's interruption be ill-time . it stop he in full tide of self - persuasion . mrs . marsh ( eagerly ) and you will try -- you will operate ? close shot -- macfarlane . he be silent ; think . mo . full shot . macfarlane silently turn away from Mrs. marsh and go to he desk . have reach it , he turn and face she again . macfarlane not I , Madame . she start toward he impulsively as if to plead with he . mrs . marsh but , Doctor , in leyden -- in Paris - wherever I have take georgina -- they have mention you name . I have come to think of you as we only hope . macfarlane look at she , take a step closer to she and speak very sincerely . macfarlane believe I , Madame , if I be only a doctor , I would undertake this operation at once . but I be more dominie than doctor -- I have a school to run . mrs . marsh but , Doctor , surely in a case like this -- a child -- a little child who can never walk or run -- macfarlane I regret it , ma'am , but I have the responsibility of training thirty other doctor to attend a thousand child like you own . mrs . marsh there 's nothing I can say for one small child ? macfarlane I be not heartless , ma'am . I have every sympathy for you and for the little girl , but if I be to consent to every operation bring to I , I would have no time for teach -- and that 's a great responsibility upon I , ma'am -- a great responsibility . they have reach the door . he bow in dismissal , and Mrs. marsh exit . as she leave , fettes pass she come from the hallway . mo . close shot -- macfarlane as he turn back into the room . macfarlane ( cont would ) ( to fettes ) well , fettes -- what be it you want to see I about ? mo . two shot -- fettes and macfarlane . fettes ( shyly ) I be afraid I will have to give up medicine , Dr. macfarlane . macfarlane ( booming ) you be make for a doctor , young man ! fettes I be afraid I have to , sir . you see , my father be vicar at thrum -- it 's a small parish -- not much of a live -- macfarlane ( after think this over a moment ; very sincerely ) you be too good a man , fettes -- I will not let you quit . ( with a sudden think ) I will make a assistant of you -- that will pay you keep and you tuition , too -- fettes I think only the best student be make assistant . macfarlane well ? and be you not a good student ? fettes ( get the idea ) but Richardson ? macfarlane Richardson be a fine student . he 's get a glib tongue , but you will be a better doctor , fettes . come along now -- he link he arm through fettes ' and start toward the door lead to the stair . macfarlane ( cont would ) -- let 's get to the anatomy room -- I will explain you new duty . they have reach the door . meg be stand there . as macfarlane and fettes start to pass she , meg put she hand on the doctor 's arm . he pause . meg a word with you , Dr. macfarlane . macfarlane motion fettes to proceed into the other room . he close the door behind he . meg ( cont would ) you be not have fettes for you assistant ? macfarlane and why not ? he 's a good lad -- bright and able . meg aye . he 's a good lad . that 's why I ask you , macfarlane . macfarlane you think it will spoil the boy , eh ? be I not assistant to knox ? meg ( thoughtfully ) aye -- macfarlane do it spoil I , meg , my lass ? she look directly at he without answer . macfarlane grow uneasy . macfarlane ( cont would ) ( walk up to she , put a arm around she shoulder and tilting up she chin with he other hand ) it will do the boy no harm . he kiss she off-handedly . she wrap she arm around he neck and kiss he with fierce passion . he release himself , go on into the next room . int . anatomy room -- late afternoon the anatomy room be dim . Long level bar of light come through the wide window to illuminate the bare austerity of this classroom . the long row of table have a sombre and empty look . everything be meticulously clean . at one of the table be the hunch , dark and evil figure of Joseph , the janitor of the school . he be engage in rub the surface of a marble - top table . the door on the landing open . macfarlane and fettes come through . macfarlane still have he arm link through that of he young friend and be listen to fettes ' gratitude with evident pleasure . fettes -- all my gratitude , sir -- I can never express it ... mo . full shot -- fettes and macfarlane as they descend the stair . macfarlane ( lightly ) they will be satisfaction enough for I to know I have train the great Dr. fettes . mo . shot to include Joseph in the f.g. and fettes and macfarlane as they reach the floor level of the anatomy room . Joseph , continue he work , cast a sidelong glance at the doctor and student . it be evident he be listen to every word they say . macfarlane ( cont would ) now -- as to you duty . it be up to you to keep the account and to distribute the specimen to the student . also , inasmuch as you ' will be live in the house -- he look over and glance at Joseph and have notice that Joseph be eavesdropp , break off short . macfarlane ( cont would ) ( to Joseph ) Joseph -- Joseph look up . macfarlane ( cont would ) what be you do , sneaking about here like a redskin ? make a little noise , man . let people know you be about -- joseph ( meekly ) yes , Doctor -- yes . macfarlane -- otherwise I might get the idea you be try to spy on I . he take fettes ' arm again and lead he off toward the other end of the anatomy room . the two medical go out of earshot , with Joseph in the f.g. int . the alcove -- late afternoon this be the small out - cropping of the main room set a few foot lower in level . at one end be a heavy curtain of green baize . mo . full shot . macfarlane and fettes descend the step lead to the alcove . macfarlane , with he hand on the elbow of the young man , guide he to the curtain . macfarlane you know how we get the specimen we use for dissection ? fettes from the Municipal Council -- they be the body of pauper -- the camera begins to dolly slowly toward they . macfarlane that 's what the law stipulate but there be not enough of they , fettes -- there be not enough of they -- macfarlane pull aside the curtain . he and fettes pass through and the curtain fall into place behind they . the camera continue to truck slowly toward the curtain . slow dissolve ext . greyfriar kirkyard -- night close shot . the little dog , Robbie , be lie on he master 's grave . he lie with he muzzle on he forepaw but he eye be open and alert . out of the scene come the plodd beat of a horse 's hoof and the rumbling of iron-shod wheel . the dog lift he head . the horse come to a stop . there be the creak of spring as someone alight . the dog 's hackles rise . he growl . another angle . the great black shadow of a man in a cape overcoat and top hat with a spade over he shoulder be throw onto the wall of greyfriar 's kirk by the street lamp . the huge shadow loom high over the tiny dog . Robbie rise valiantly to he foot , snarling . as he do so , the actual figure of the man , as black and indistinct as he own shadow , come past the camera , black out the little dog . there be a deeper growl from Robbie . the man swing he spade down . as the spade drive home there be a little weak sound from the dog . another angle . with he foot , Gray push the dead body of the little dog to one side , strike the spade into the ground and start to dig . int . fettes ' room -- night in a little attic room , fettes be sleep fitfully . the room be flood with moonlight which come in through a skylight window . mo . close shot -- fettes sleep . Far away can be hear the plodd hoofbeat and creak wheel of Gray 's cab . there be a loud squeak as the cab take the turn into the alleyway . fettes waken . he listen . there be a sound of the hoofbeat , the wheel and then silence when the horse come to a stop . he sit up . from downstairs come a stealthy knock at the door . he get up sleepily and start to put on he wear bathrobe , cross to the window and look out . ext . alleyway -- night high angle shot from fettes ' window . Gray , he cab and the white horse present a weird and funereal spectacle . Gray be fumble with something inside the cab . int . fettes ' room -- night fettes have turn from the window and start toward the door . he open it and go out . ext . alleyway -- night Gray be pull a long , canvas - color object of considerable weight from the cab . with a grunt he get it up into he arm and start across the sidewalk toward the postern door . int . anatomy room -- night it be dark except for a small oil lamp leave burn as a nightlight . this cast its dim ray over a small portion of the room near the entrance door . fettes come through the door on the landing . he peer over the bannister and then somewhat slowly , as if not too easy at the prospect before he , he begin to descend the stair . another angle . fettes cross the anatomy room look apprehensively into the darkness at either end . at the door he pause a moment , then pass through into the darkness of the entry and be lose to view . int . entryway -- night it be so dark that fettes can barely be see . the clank of the chain as he throw it off and the snap of the bolt be loud and frightening in this small enclose space . he pull the door open . before he silhouett against the dim radiance of the cab lamp be Gray . in he arm be a long , cloth - cover object . close shot -- fettes as he open the door wider to give Gray entrance . without a word , Gray carry the body past he into the anatomy room . fettes close the door and follow he . int . anatomy room -- night Gray come in and stand wait for fettes to come up to he . fettes come out of the entry and take a few step toward Gray . gray here -- give I a hand -- this be heavy . fettes help he . gingerly he take hold of the corpse and together they lay it down on a long marble - top table in the center of the room , almost directly under the nightlight . Gray heave a sigh of relief to be relieved of the weight . gray ( cont would ) you will find the specimen in good condition . he be bright and cheerful as a thrush not a week long go . a likely lad , I be tell . ( glance at fettes ) you be the new assistant ? fettes nod . fettes ( try to remember he manners ) I be Donald fettes . gray I be very pleased to know you , master fettes . fettes Mr. Gray ? gray that 's right . Gray , the cabman . I have have a bit of deal with macfarlane in the past , you know . fettes nod . gray ( cont would ) and I have always get along with he assistant -- provide they understand my humble position . he put one hand on fettes ' arm . fettes move away from he . fettes Dr. macfarlane say I should pay you -- gray ( interrupt ) of course -- it 's the soul of the business -- the pay -- fettes shift uneasily , confuse and seemingly uncertain of he next step . gray ( cont would ) ( prompt he ) I have no doubt you have the key in you pocket -- fettes reach into he pocket and bring out a big iron key . gray ( cont would ) ( point ) and there be the box . they start over toward it . fettes open the box . gray ( cont would ) my fee be as usual -- ten pound . fettes count out the money to he . Gray flip the last coin into the air and catch it with a gamin gesture which be surprising in a man of such sinister appearance . as fettes still stand rather stupidly , Gray prompt he again . gray ( cont would ) and now , although it 's none of my business , I would make the proper entry if I be you . " one specimen -- ten pound -- receive from -- let we say -- " macduff " -- a royal name . fettes look toward the desk . gray ( cont would ) ( still prompt he ) it 's the little cloth - cover book in the drawer . fettes bring it out . Gray watch he while he write . the pen scratch and squeak over the paper . then both turn and start toward the entry . fettes good night , Mr. Gray . as the door Gray tip he hat elegantly to fettes . gray my respects , master fettes , and may this be the first of many profitable meeting . he leave , disappear in the darkness of the entryway . a second later the door can be hear close behind he . fettes stand for a long moment look at the dark entry , then from behind he come a chuckle of laughter . he whirl abruptly . another angle -- fettes in the b.g. and above he on the landing , hold a candle , be Dr. macfarlane in a elegant dress gown . macfarlane well , well , my boy . you first meeting with the redoubtable Gray . you may count it as a milestone in you medical career . mo . close shot -- fettes as he look from macfarlane to the door . fettes my medical career -- fade out fade in int . anatomy school -- day close shot -- skeleton . it be face the camera , its stance a parody of that prize fighter of the period ; leave well extend , right hold high , both knee bent . over the shot come a clamor of man 's voice , cut across which , suddenly , come fettes ' voice . fettes all right , gentleman -- that will do ! settle down ! the camera pull back to show the interior of the school . in the f.g. be the dais , at one side of which be the skeleton . fettes step up onto the dais at the other side of the pass some dozen student , all young man in they early twenty . two student , gilchrist and Richardson , be prominent . Richardson be lean and sardonic . fettes ( cont would ) Dr. macfarlane have ask I to review the point he have just discuss with you . mo . close shot -- dais . the skeleton be to one side in the f.g. face the student , o.s . fettes have he back to it . fettes ( cont would ) he start with the construction of the rib and the haemapophyses -- he turn toward the skeleton , then react sharply as he notice its ludicrous stance . fettes ( cont would ) ( angrily ) I suppose this be you do , Richardson . he start rearranging the skeleton 's limb . Richardson grin . it be at this moment that Joseph come sidling up to the group . joseph Mr. fettes -- fettes look over at he . joseph ( cont would ) a lady be ask for you . fettes what lady , Joseph ? Joseph shrug . fettes , see that he will get no enlightenment from he , turn to the student . fettes ( cont would ) if you gentleman will excuse I -- he start for the stair . there be a snicker of laughter . Richardson lean over and with two deat movement bring the arm of the skeleton back into fight position . int . macfarlane hallway -- day Mrs. marsh sit there . Broad beam of sunlight flood in from the front window . she be speak with meg cameron . meg be stand look down at she . meg why do you come here ? the Doctor say he would not operate . mrs . marsh I have already tell you I do not come to see Dr. macfarlane . meg then whom do you wish to see in macfarlane 's own house ? it be at this moment that the door open and fettes come in . meg take one glance at he . meg ( cont would ) ( almost under she breath ) so it be in that direction that the wind blow , eh ? it will get you nothing . with that she turn on she heel and go off to a little door on the leave . mrs . marsh ( rise ) good morning , Mr. fettes . fettes bow formally . it be obvious he be pleased , yet very puzzle to see she . he come down and take she hand . fettes you ask to see I , mar 'am ? mrs . marsh ( impulsively ) I want you to help my little girl . fettes I be only a student . mrs . marsh georgina tell I how kind you be to she . it give I hope you might intercede for we with Dr. macfarlane . fettes I do not know that I can do that , Mrs. marsh . mrs . marsh do he tell you about georgina ? fettes nod . mrs . marsh ( cont would ) then he must have tell you that this disease be progressive -- that it will grow worse -- that soon she will not be able to move at all . fettes nod again . Mrs. marsh lay she hand on he arm and look directly into he eye . mrs . marsh ( cont would ) and you will not ask he to help ? fettes I do not mean it that way . I mean only that I be not in a position to ask favor . mrs . marsh ask this one favor -- fettes ( very much move ) of course I will . Mrs. marsh smile at he . mrs . marsh georgina be right . you be a kind man . she extend she hand and fettes take it . fettes I will do what I can . he walk with she to the door , let she out , close it behind she and then turn and start back the way he come . int . the anatomy room -- day macfarlane be present and now in contrast to the disorder under fettes the student be busy and absorb . they be work at they task . macfarlane , with two or three around he , be help one of the student , gilchrist . macfarlane ( enthusiastically ) in a adult this muscle can apply more than one hundred seventy - five pound of pressure ? double that and you get the full strength of the human jaw . ( jocularly ) that , gentleman , be to chew we food and bite we enemy . the student laugh ; that peculiar laugh common to student and soldier when a superior make a joke . it be at this moment that fettes start down the stair . macfarlane look up . macfarlane ( cont would ) here , fettes , life can not be all skittles and lady -- this sally provoke a low murmur of appreciative laughter from the student . fettes , discomfite , join the group . macfarlane ( cont would ) ( pull a watch from he pocket ) it 's time for we luncheon . I have a bit of beef to discuss and -- ( bow slightly ) I leave you all to whatever arrangement you have make to serve the inner man . full shot -- fettes as he take up a small bundle wrap in a handkerchief and start for the door . mo . shot -- macfarlane as he start for the stair . he pass a table where Richardson be bent over he work , which be out of scene . macfarlane ( cont would ) well , I see you have that arm you have be yearn for , Richardson . richardson yes , sir . this fellow must have be a great one at hurl the bar -- beautiful biceps . burke and Hare would never have get the best of this fellow . macfarlane 's head jerk up and he look directly at Richardson . macfarlane what do you say ? richardson I be make a joke , sir . macfarlane ( pass on ) it 's a poor subject for jest , Richardson -- particularly for a medical student . he turn abruptly away and start toward the stair . gilchrist ( to Richardson ) what do you say to his Imperial highness ? richardson nothing but a merry word about burke and Hare -- gilchrist that 's nothing for he to get upset about . they be dead and bury -- Richardson shrug . dissolve ext . greyfriar churchyard -- day fettes come along the street toward the gateway . suddenly he stop and look at a small crowd which have gather around the gate , all talk very excitedly and peer in over each other 's shoulder . he stand and look . mo . full shot -- the crowd at the gate . the people draw back make way for Mrs. macbride who come out . mo . close shot -- Mrs. macbride as she make she way through the crowd . she be cry and in she arm she carry the dead body of the little dog . another angle -- shoot from behind fettes . Mrs. macbride come through the crowd and start across the street toward he . close shot -- Mrs. macbride and fettes . fettes look at she . mrs . macbride ( as she pass he ) they kill he wee doggie too -- little Robbie . ( pass on ) close shot -- fettes as he watch Mrs. macbride . from behind he come the sound of the street singer 's song . dissolve int . macfarlane's study -- late afternoon macfarlane be seat on a high stool at a work table . he have before he two large bone and be measure this with a pair of divider and mark down notation in a notebook . while he work he whistle " the Blue bell of Scotland . " there be a knock at the door . macfarlane come in ! he look over he shoulder to see fettes as he enter then turn back to he work . fettes come up and stand beside he . macfarlane make a notation in the notebook and then look up . macfarlane ( cont would ) well , fettes -- where have you be ? I do not see you at the afternoon session . fettes I do not think I can go on , sir . macfarlane ( whirling around on the stool ) what the devil do you mean ? you have you lodging , a certain stipend -- I think I have arrange everything for you -- fettes I see the woman whose son 's body be deliver last night . macfarlane nod . fettes ( cont would ) that man take the body from greyfriar 's . I know the woman . I know the little dog on the grave . he kill the dog . macfarlane and that 's why you do not want to be a doctor , fettes ? fettes not if I have to be party to thing like that , Dr. macfarlane . macfarlane study he for a moment . he then get up from the stool and put he hand on the boy 's shoulder . macfarlane fettes , I be a assistant once . I have to deal with man like Gray . do you think I do it because I want to ? do you think I want to do it now ? but I must and you must . fettes shake he head . macfarlane put he other hand on fettes ' other shoulder . macfarlane ( cont would ) ignorant man have damme up the stream of medical progress with stupid and unjust law . if that dam will not break , the other man of medicine have to find other course . you understand I , fettes ? fettes nod . fettes but this woman -- and she son -- macfarlane I be sorry for the woman , fettes . but she son might be alive today have more doctor be give the opportunity to work on more human specimen . as for I , fettes , I let no man stop I when I know I be right -- when I know that I need that lifeless subject for my student 's enlightenment and for my own knowledge . and if you be a real man and want to be a good doctor , you will see it as I see it . there be a long pause . macfarlane let he hand drop to he side . macfarlane ( cont would ) well , boy ? fettes nod . macfarlane clap he jovially on the back . macfarlane ( cont would ) you be a good lad , fettes . ( look at fettes more closely ) but you look a bit pale to I . I be dining at hobb . come along with I and have a bit of the joint and a glass of ale . it will put new life in you . he take the boy' arm and they start from the room . ext . edinburgh STREET -- night the pavement be glisten from a recent rain and there be a hint of fog in the air . it be the dinner hour and the street be fairly well people . on one corner by the light of a flaring torch a pamphleteer be sell he ware . on the other corner the street singer stand chant she ballad ; the dolorous phrase recite the tale of a dead knight desert by he horse , he hound and he leman fair . mo . full shot -- the singer . macfarlane , with top hat , cape and carry a cane swing briskly past she with fettes , more soberly dress , at he side . they stride out of scene . ext . hobb public house -- night macfarlane with fettes in tow come breeze up . with a lordly gesture he usher fettes before he into the public house . int . hobb public house -- night it be bright , warm and cheerful . a huge fire be roaring in the fireplace and before it be a rack spit turn by a spit boy who sing as he turn . ( song to be supply . ) on the spit be a young porker with foreleg and hind leg stretch to elongate he before the fire . the porker have just recently be put on the spit so that he gleam pale white in the warm glow of the fire . mo . full shot -- at the door . fettes , follow by macfarlane come in . fettes look shyly around he while a man servant take he hat . macfarlane boldly fling he hat and cape to the attendant and stride forward toward the fireplace . he extend he hand and look at the slowly turn porker . macfarlane ( to fettes ) we will have a stiffener or two of hot rum and by then we will be able to meet this fellow on fairly equal term of warmth , eh fettes ? from behind they come a insinuate voice . gray' voice a fine " specimen " be not he , toddy macfarlane ? they both twist around quickly . reverse shot -- on the opposite side of the room where he have hide from they by the high wall of the divan , a sort of inglenook build away from the fireplace , be Gray . this be " common " section of the inn . he sit with a loaf of coarse bread before he and a glass of stout at he elbow . he be grin . without rise , Gray beckon . gray come , toddy -- come . sit down here with I . macfarlane do not call I that confound name . gray ( still grin ) well , then , Doctor macfarlane -- although I have know a time , toddy , when you like the name . aye , and many be dead now who call you by it ; rough and wild one they be , too . but come toddy , sit down here with you young friend . fettes look in surprise from the doctor to the cabman , utterly confuse at the familiarity of this man 's address . macfarlane ( coldly ) Mr. fettes and I have professional matter to discuss . gray Medicine ? that will keep . sit down . as macfarlane hesitates , angry and most anxious to refuse , Gray lower he tone to a sly confidential murmur . gray ( cont would ) you would not want it say of you that you refuse a glass to a old friend . macfarlane shrug . macfarlane we will buy you a glass , Gray . he motion to fettes to sit down . fettes take a seat and macfarlane sit down beside he . as fettes sit down beside he , Gray turn to he in a confidential manner . gray I be a pretty bad fellow myself , but macfarlane be the boy -- toddy macfarlane -- he chuckle , shaking he head as if in appreciation of the most sinister sort of villainy . macfarlane be angry . fettes be confuse and unable to orient himself in this strange relationship between the great anatomist and the lowly cabman . Gray turn to macfarlane . gray ( cont would ) come , toddy , order for you friend . macfarlane lift he hand to beckon to the waiter . gray ( cont 'd ) no , on second think , let I order . ( as the waiter come up ) we will have a bowl of hot punch and a cut off the loin from that fine porker . the waiter look at Gray dubiously , unused to such a sumptuous order from so humble a customer . gray ( cont would ) ( catch the look ) you need not worry , waiter , I be with my friend -- the great Dr. macfarlane -- he want to sit here with the commonality . the waiter nod , look from macfarlane 's tense and angry face to Gray 's grin countenance , turn and make off to the kitchen . for a moment the three man sit silently , macfarlane encircle in the iron ring of he anger ; fettes tongue -ty and abash and Gray gloat over the doctor 's discomfiture . finally Gray break the silence . gray ( cont would ) ( to macfarlane ) well , you be go to talk of medical matter . do not let my humble presence stop you . speak up , toddy . macfarlane , goad beyond the point of endurance , pound he fist on the table . macfarlane I will not have you use that name to I . gray you will not have it ? the two man glare at each other , then very slowly macfarlane avert he gaze . fettes look from one to the other and then try to cover the defeat of he teacher , begin to speak . fettes Dr. macfarlane -- you remember the lady who come to see you yesterday -- the lady with the little girl ? macfarlane I remember she . fettes she come again today . she want I to ask you if you would not break you rule and operate . she feel you be she only hope . macfarlane so she tell I . I be a teacher -- not a practitioner . macfarlane shrug as if this aspect of the conversation be close . Gray look over at he quizzically . gray you be a teacher , eh ? maybe you be afraid to be a doctor , toddy . macfarlane afraid of what ? gray afraid you be not as good a doctor perhaps as you make out to be . macfarlane I be the best man for the job . gray why do not you do it then ? he pause and look slyly at macfarlane . gray ( cont would ) I would like you to do the operation , toddy . macfarlane you ? why ? since when have you become the protector of little child ? gray I be not concerned about the child , toddy . it 's you I be think of , I would like to see you prove that a lot of thing I know have not hurt toddy macfarlane any . macfarlane I will not do it , Gray . gray oh , yes , you will . you will do it to oblige fettes and myself . macfarlane no . gray maybe there 's some private reason between you and I which will make you -- some long lose friend of ours . ( drop he voice ) say that you will do it for I and my friend , Mr. fettes , here . the two man exchange glance for a moment . macfarlane ( try to cover up ) it might be a interesting case . gray that 's a good boy , toddy . note : the follow line to be shot as protection for the content of this scene . macfarlane you only want I to do it because I do not want to . that 's it , be not it , Gray ? macfarlane glare at he with hatred . Gray grin and turn to fettes . gray toddy hate I . macfarlane ( mutter ) do not call I that confound name , I tell you . gray hear he ? do you ever see the lad play knife ? he pick up the table knife and put it across he knuckle , then with a sweep of he fist , toss it into the loaf of bread . gray ( cont would ) he would like to do that all over my body . fettes ( try to make a joke ) we medical have a better way than that . when we dislike a friend we dissect he . macfarlane look up sharply . Gray glance at he and smile . gray you will never get rid of I that way , toddy . you and I have two body -- aye , very different sort of body -- but we be closer than if we be in the same skin -- for I save that skin of yours once and you will not forget it . the waiter come , bear a steaming bowl of punch . he ladle out a glassful and put it before macfarlane . macfarlane drink thirstily , glad of this excuse to avoid Gray 's penetrate glance . fade out fade in ext . the rampart -- day the rampart of the castle of Edinburgh be about thirty foot wide and overgrown with the grass of century . this form a narrow lawn between two crenellate stone wall . from this battlement only a distant horizon line , a few spire and fleecy cloud above the town can be see . long shot -- a small group of child . the camera pan with this child as they run , laugh and shouting , across the lawn of the rampart . when they run past the little wheelchair in which georgina be seat , the camera hold on georgina . she turn she head to watch the child run off . then she turn and look the other way to where she mother and fettes be stand by the rampart , deep in conversation . the camera pan with she gaze . they be out of earshot of the child talk in low , confidential tone . mrs . marsh you have he promise , then ? fettes yes . Mrs. marsh look over at georgina , then back to fettes . fettes turn and look over at georgina . fettes ( cont would ) there will be great pain connect with it , mar 'am . during the operation and afterward -- great pain and shock -- mrs . marsh ( almost breathe the word ) -- pain -- and shock . she 's brave enough , but I do not know about myself . now that it seem so close , I wonder if I dare trust my child into any but God 's hand . maybe he know best . fettes ma'am , be you will allow I , I would like to give you cause for courage -- Dr. macfarlane be a great man -- I think he 's the great man in medicine . God would not have give he such gift if they be not mean for georgina 's cure . Mrs. marsh look at he gratefully . mrs . marsh ( sincerely ) thank you , Mr. fettes . mo . close shot -- georgina . seat in she little wheel chair , she be cuddle a porcelain - face doll of the period . suddenly she hear something in the street far below . it be the clop-clop of horse 's hoof and the ringing of wheel on the cobble stone . she look up and try to raise herself in she wheel chair to see over the parapet . she be unable to do so . she call out to she mother . georgina mommie ! mommie ! mo . full shot -- georgina in the f.g. fettes and Mrs. marsh turn to go toward she . georgina ( cont would ) push I to the wall , mommie . I think I hear he . fettes take a few long step and come up to the wheel chair . fettes hear he ? georgina the white horse . the horse that be go to greet I when he see I . fettes ( as he start to wheel the chair toward the parapet ) a old acquaintance , eh ? georgina nod . he get she as far as the wall and she look over . she peer down , then turn back with a look of disappointment on she face . down shot -- from the rampart . on the street below a carriage be pass draw by a brown horse . mo . close shot -- georgina and fettes . georgina ( disappointed ) it be a brown horse . Mrs. marsh come up . mrs . marsh a cabby tell she he horse would say " hello " to she the next time he see she . georgina have be look everywhere for that horse . fettes look at the child , smile , then lean down so as to bring himself on a level with she . fettes why do you want the white horse to bid you " good - day " ? georgina he be a nice horse . fettes maybe there 's another reason . maybe you have not friend enough . could that be it , georgina ? georgina look at he , think a moment , then nod she head . georgina of course -- I do not have friend . that 's because I can not walk . I try to make myself use to it . fettes one should not get use to the wrong thing , georgina . you want to walk and run and play . mrs . marsh ( not know the direction or purpose of fettes ' conversation ; break in ) really , Mr. fettes -- I think you at least would know how much georgina want that . fettes nod . fettes aye , but I still wonder how much . georgina ( with dreadful sincerity ) I want it -- fettes but you will have to stand great pain , georgina . Greater pain than you ever dream of in the worst time of you sickness . do you want it that much ? georgina nod . fettes ( cont would ) then , Dr. macfarlane will make you well . he smile at she and although this direct conversation about she illness have bring tear to she eye , georgina smile back at he and Mrs. marsh , look down at they , smile too . in she eye also be tear . wipe dissolve int . macfarlane's live room -- day macfarlane be seat in a wing chair before the fire . although it be near noon , he still wear dress gown and slipper . his hair be rumple and he eye bloodshot . he have a glass in he leave hand and hold a poker in he right . with the poker he try to push a big piece of cannel coal into the flame . it elude the point of the poker and roll back against the hobb . again he push it forward . again it roll back . suddenly , and with almost maniacal rage , he lift up the poker and bring it crash down on the coal . the soft coal splinter into a hundred piece . suddenly , from behind he come a woman 's soft and teasing laughter . he turn . meg cameron stand in the doorway behind he . she come quickly across the room to he . meg ( as she walk ) Gray 's head -- be that it , teddy ? be that what break just now under the poker . Broken it -- and have do with he forever . by the time and she have finish she speech , meg have reach he and before he have have a chance to even react to she teasing , mock tone , she have flung herself down on she knee beside he chair , throw she arm about he neck and kiss he passionately . meg ( cont would ) my poor lad -- my poor , poor lad that can never be free of he . macfarlane you be daft . what 's Gray to I . he 's only a man from whom I buy what I need when I need it -- the rest be forget . meg you may deny the devil , toddy , but you will not rid yourself of he by say the devil be dead . macfarlane nonsense . you be a fey creature with mad idea . but you have a wildness that hold I to you , lass . meg ( quite sure of she ground ) no great lady will ever take my place ? macfarlane shake he head . he kiss she . she cling to he . it be at this moment that there be a knock at the door . meg rise quickly and adjust she clothing . macfarlane try to seem more at ease . macfarlane come in . fettes come in . macfarlane ( cont would ) I do not expect to see you on Sunday , fettes . what do you want , some powder for you aching head ? that be a furious lot we drank last night -- and in bad company . fettes it be about last night I want to talk to you -- about the operation on the little marsh girl . macfarlane ( loftily ) you be a man of the world , fettes , you would not hold I to promise give in drink . fettes but I -- well , you see , sir , I meet Mrs. marsh and tell she . macfarlane ( beginning to lose patience ) really , fettes , you irk I with you lack of understanding . fettes but you do promise . macfarlane look here , fettes . not I nor anyone else know enough about the spinal column and its intricacy to insure success in such a operation . I would have to study the matter . have we any " subject " ? fettes wilmont use up the last spinal section . macfarlane you see , it be completely out of the question . fettes ( very disappointed ) yes , I suppose so . macfarlane now you run off and see that pretty Mrs. marsh and explain to she . fettes , deject and disappointed , nod and slowly leave the room . macfarlane watch he go . int . anatomy room -- day close shot -- Joseph at the desk . he have the account book open before he and with index finger move from letter to letter , he be laboriously but silently spelling out the word . suddenly , he hear footstep behind he on the stair and quickly slam the book and begin dusting the desk . full shot -- the anatomy room from Joseph 's angle . fettes be come down the stair and cross toward he . fettes Joseph -- Joseph look up . fettes ( cont would ) would you know a spinal column if you see one ? Joseph nod and grin . fettes ( cont would ) do we have one ? Joseph shake he head . fettes shrug . he stand think for a moment , then speak to Joseph again . fettes ( cont would ) Joseph -- Joseph look up again . fettes ( cont would ) -- do you happen to know where Gray , the cabman , life ? Joseph nod . fettes ( cont would ) well , tell I . Joseph lean meditatively on the desk . fettes ( cont would ) what do you want I to do , bribe you ? I be curse if I do . tell I straight out . where do he live ? joseph I would gladly run with a message , sir , for a florin . it 's not much , consider it 's Sunday . fettes I only want he address . joseph he life in the westport -- fettes nod . joseph ( cont would ) ( in a last desperate effort ) I would gladly go . but fettes have already pass into the entry way . dissolve out ext . dark alleyway -- night it be a crooked , narrow alley . the only light come from the end . fettes can begin to hear the ballad of the street singer from the street toward which he be go . he pause a moment , listen , then walk forward into the darkness ; the song almost seem to guide he through the dark alley . he come to the darkest portion of the alley . a sound from the leave attract he attention . he come to a abrupt halt as something white and mysterious move on a window sill at he eye level . he take a half step backward as a white cat leap down and scurries noiselessly across he path . fettes grin at he own fright and go on . he pass through the darkness and come out into the dim light of the other street . he come to the street corner and on the corner stand the street singer . she be sing she little song and jingling a few coin in she begging bowl to attract the attention of the few people pass by in this dismal street . fettes go up to she . she stop sing . fettes do you know where Mr. Gray life -- Gray , the cabman ? the girl shake she head . fettes ( cont would ) well , thanks anyhow . he take a coin from he pocket and drop it into she bowl . he go off and the camera move in to a big closeup of the girl as she resume she song . long shot -- fettes as he walk . this alley , like the other grow darker toward the center . there be a arch lead to a court . fettes turn leave under this arch . ext . gray' dwelling and stable -- night it be a tiny , narrow squalid building . he look at it , see the name , " John Gray -- cabman " write on a board across the door , go up to it and knock . as there be no answer , he push the door open and step into almost stygian darkness . int . gray' stable -- night fettes grope he way along the wall toward the stair . suddenly from the darkness loom a tremendous white figure . it be the cabman 's horse . his first momentary fright over , fettes pat the horse 's nose , pass on to the stair , climb the brief flight of step lead to a door from under which come a ray of light . again he knock . a voice shout out to he . gray' voice come in -- come in . fettes thrust open the door and look around to see the room in which he find himself . it be a large loft - like room , furnish with odd and end of poor furniture . the best piece in the room be two dilapidate easy chair that have obviously see better day . on one wall some spare harness be hang . a great batter wardrobe contain Gray 's clothes . the floor be cover with two wear Turkey carpet . there be a bed on which the bedclothes be untidily tumble . there be a washstand and pitcher . quite evidently Gray use this chamber as a combine live , dining and bedroom as well as a kitchen . this last be the purpose to which it be be put as fettes enter . Gray , in shirt sleeve , be crouch over the ember of the fire in the hearth , stir some sausage in a fry pan . the kettle steam busily on the hob . on a small table near the fire be a loaf of bread , a jug of ale , a wooden trencher , a clasp knife and a fork . as fettes enter , Gray rise and go to meet he with the fry pan still in he leave hand . gray so it 's the young doctor come to see I . I be honore -- honore -- there be a curious , almost triumphant undertone in he voice . gray ( cont would ) here , take this . it be the most comfortable chair . he guide fettes to a chair and fettes , without remove he coat , sit down . with quick servile civility he cross to the taboret , get a glass and bottle and bring it back with he . he pour a glass for fettes . fettes take a swallow . gray ( cont would ) and to what do I owe this honor of this visit ? some business , be it , of Dr. macfarlane 's ? fettes Dr. macfarlane do not send I . I come of my own accord . he break off , take another swig from he glass . fettes ( cont would ) what be the chance of you be able to get we a " subject " ? gray ( shaking he head ) it would be difficult -- very difficult . there be a dog that bother I during the last job -- people seem so concerned about dog -- all in all it raise the very mother and father of a row . I be tell the kirkyard be to be guard . ( pause ) but I would not like to say that it would be impossible to get a " subject " . a look of relief come over fettes ' face . he pick up he glass and drink again . fettes ( lean forward ) but how soon , man ? Dr. macfarlane be engage in some very urgent research at present . he can not wait very long . again Gray smile . gray I fear he may have to . fettes but can not you give I any idea ? gray how could I ? I will do my best . after all , you see , I be financially interested . the camera pull back to a wider angle as fettes get to he foot abruptly . where come very faintly over the shot from somewhere outside , the voice of the street singer , sing the same melody . gray ( cont would ) you may tell toddy that I will do what I can , when I can -- as he know I will . ( sighing ) but he must wait and see as the child do . fettes if that 's you answer -- it will have to do . fettes turn abruptly away and go quickly out of scene toward the door . Gray sit for a moment , reflect , then get to he foot . the camera pan with he as he go to the door and out . ext . STREET -- night mo . full shot -- at the far side of the street , fettes can be see stride . at the nearer side , approach slowly , be the street singer . int . gray' stable -- night close shot -- Gray . his head be turn in the direction of the voice . his hand come up to he chin as he rub at it reflectively , obviously seize by a idea . he make up he mind and turn into the stable . mo . shot . it be dark . in the f.g. be the white horse . it turn as Gray come into scene and nuzzle he affectionately as he pat it . gray ah , friend ! there 's bad news for you , boy -- bad news -- he pull out a lump of sugar and give it to the horse . gray ( cont would ) we have to go out again , friend . he turn away into the darkness , but be back in a moment bear the horse 's collar . as he slip the collar over the animal 's head -- dissolve ext . STREET -- night it be a long desert street . at the near end a lantern on a house wall cast a sphere of dim radiance . the camera be focused down the street which end in stygian darkness . from behind the camera come the street singer , walk slowly , sing and rattling she begging bowl . she walk on . just before she figure be lose in the darkness , from behind the camera can be hear the clop- clop of hoof , the creak of carriage spring , and the roll wheel of Gray 's cab . as the singer disappear completely into the darkness , the cab go past the camera . it , too , disappear into the darkness . the camera hold . the sound of the carriage cease . a moment later , the song of the street singer come to a abrupt , choke end . long dissolve out dissolve in int . fettes bedroom -- night at a small table , seat on a high stool , be fettes . a little lamp burn dimly at he elbow and by its light he be study . he turn the page , check some point in he read with a anatomical chart spread over the table and with he pencil still poise over the anatomical chart , he pause , listen . from some distance away come the sound of a horse 's hoof and the bang of wheel . fettes rise and cross to the window . he draw the curtain aside and push open the casement . with the window open and sound of the horse 's hoof be louder . he look down . ext . alleyway -- night shoot downward as if from fettes ' viewpoint . Gray 's cab pull by the white horse come into the scene and stop . int . fettes bedroom -- night fettes turn away from the window and start for the door . ext . alleyway -- night Gray get off the cab . int . anatomy room -- night fettes pass through . int . the entry way -- night fettes open the door , admit Gray . he come in carry the usual canvas - color body , but this burden be lighter than the last . without any difficulty he take it into the adjoin room . int . anatomy room -- night Gray lay he burden down upon the table . gray ( cheerfully ) there , master fettes . sooner than we have expect . a stoke of luck one might say . fettes good . he be still almost half asleep as he start over toward the desk pull the key from he pocket as he go . as he do so , he eye light on the face of the corpse , reveal on he side by the droop canvas . he be startle ; take two step nearer and look again . fettes ( cont would ) that 's the street singer . Gray say nothing ; merely look at he calmly . fettes ( cont would ) ( very much excited ) I know she , I tell you ! she be alive and hearty only this evening . it 's impossible she can be dead . he pause . then in a lower voice . fettes ( cont would ) you could not have get this body fairly . Gray look at he with a cold , hard look . gray you be entirely mistaken . the two man stand face each other . there be even a hint of physical violence in Gray 's stoop crouch . gray ( cont would ) you have better give I my money and make the proper entry . he stare fettes down and the boy cross over to the desk and hurriedly get out the money . he cross over and give it to Gray . Gray look at it and then at the boy . gray ( cont would ) good night , Dr. fettes . he tip he hat and be quickly go . fettes go back to the body and look down at the dead face of the girl . he shudder . fade out . fade in int . anatomy room -- day close full shot -- the stairway . the door at the top of the stair open and macfarlane come through with a early morning shine upon he countenance ; he hair sleek from brush . he be adjust he tie and be whistling a Scottish tune as he descend the stair . he suddenly break off as he see someone below he on the floor level of the anatomy room . macfarlane ( heartily ) well , well , good morning to you , young master fettes . reverse shot . fettes be completely dress , but he haggard face and rumple hair give evidence of a sleepless night . fettes Dr. macfarlane , have you ever see a street singer who sing " the twa corby " ? they start toward the table where the body lie . the camera begins to truck with they . macfarlane every street singer with a crack voice give tongue to that one . fettes this girl be beautiful -- a wild lassie from the highlands . macfarlane shrug . macfarlane beautiful , you say ? it 's a wonder I have not remark she . they have reach the table and both I look down . macfarlane ( cont would ) oh , this girl . he whistle a bar or two of she song . int . recess near brine vat -- day Joseph , comfortably seat on a three - legge stool near the brine vat and contentedly suck at a old clay pipe , hear the doctor 's whistle tune . he lean forward without rise , part the curtain to look out . fettes ' voice she be murder . Joseph softly rise from he stool , take care to let the leg of this seat go back quietly onto the floor . he put himself into a attitude of intense listen . int . anatomy room -- day mo . close shot on macfarlane and fettes . fettes I go to see Gray last night . I ask he to bring we a specimen . on my way I see this girl . I give she alm money . she be alive and sing . he point to she temple . macfarlane look down . macfarlane well -- fettes Gray kill she . macfarlane we can not be sure of that . fettes I be sure . I mean to report it . it 's like burke and Hare all over again . macfarlane study he for a long moment . macfarlane ( very quietly ) I would not do that , fettes . I would not report it . fettes grave robbing be one thing -- this be murder . close shot -- Joseph at the curtain . he be turn away . he have hear enough , and the calculate look in he eye have be replace by one of triumphant decision . mo . shot -- fettes and macfarlane . macfarlane I do not know that -- neither do you . this subject may have be a epileptic -- throw a fit -- fall out of bed -- crack she skull and kill herself -- there be everything explain -- the bruise on she head -- fettes I can not believe that . macfarlane believe it or not . it 's best for you to pretend that you do . after all , it be you who order this specimen , receive it here , and pay for it . that make you a party to murder . fettes look at macfarlane . the truth of what the doctor have say be borne in upon he . he be confuse and bewilder . fettes but , I do not ask he to kill . macfarlane who would believe that ? and you know , someone else might recognize she . she be as well know as the Castle rock . macfarlane look over at he . macfarlane ( cont would ) I should advise complete dissection . macfarlane start to pull back the canvas from the body . macfarlane ( cont would ) I will help you , of course . fettes hesitates . macfarlane throw back the canvas sheet . mo . close two shot -- fettes and macfarlane . macfarlane ( cont would ) I want the whole centrum myself for spinal work -- you know why -- fettes understand , smile and move forward to help the doctor lift the body . fade out fade in int . macfarlane's live room -- day it be a bright afternoon and there be no fire on the hearth . Mrs. marsh be seat on the sofa and meg sit beside she . a tea service on a small table be between they . georgina 's empty wheel - chair be in evidence . meg ( push a cup of tea toward Mrs. marsh ) have a drop -- it will help . Mrs. marsh shake she head . between she hand be a handkerchief which she be twist nervously . mrs . marsh I could not swallow it . she make a nervous desperate gesture with she handkerchief ; glance wildly at the clock . mrs . marsh ( cont would ) how long have it be ? meg cameron also glance at the clock . meg only twenty minute . mrs . marsh ( desperately echoing ) only twenty minute . int . anatomy room -- day long shot . the room no longer have its ordinary arrangement . the table and bench have be pull up around the central marble - top table for use as a impromptu grandstand . student be stand on the table and bench , peer down in tense and silent excitement at something on the table . there be the sound of a child 's groan ; a gasp of pain . close full shot -- the circle around the table . georgina partially cover by a sheet , lie on the slab . macfarlane in shirt sleeve and apron bend over she . Richardson and some other student be close around he . fettes crouch at the head of the table ; he face near that of the child . this be a very low camera setup which hide the actual business of the operation from the audience , but which allow they to see the reaction to it on the face of the student . macfarlane here be where you must watch closely , gentleman -- closely -- it be the very heart of the matter -- fettes wait , Doctor -- wait ! the child 's fainting . the two big student who be hold the tiny thin arm of the girl to hold she down look questioningly at macfarlane . macfarlane give she some brandy if you want . fettes shake he head . fettes she 's unconscious . macfarlane pulse ? richardson slow -- but not too alarming . macfarlane let we proceed . he bend to he work again . macfarlane ( cont would ) ( comment as he go ) -- and the final step -- we push the ganglia to one side -- then we make the actual osseous incision here -- so -- it be do -- the repair be effect and nothing leave to do but replace the tissue and let nature heal what be no longer a defect -- merely a wound -- richardson ( softly ; but with feel ) bravo ! macfarlane ( to fettes ) I will be finish with she in a instant . then you can consider she you patient , fettes . fettes look he gratitude . fade out fade in int . anatomy room -- day it be late afternoon and only macfarlane be there work at he desk . suddenly Joseph come in from the entry on tiptoe . he get up to within a few foot of macfarlane before announce himself . joseph Doctor -- macfarlane wheel around . macfarlane what the devil be the matter with you -- forever creep about . what do you want ? joseph Mr. Gray -- macfarlane I do not wish to see Mr. Gray . behind he Gray , grin , come out from the darkness of the entry way and stand listen . the doctor be unaware of he presence . he turn back to he work . macfarlane ( cont would ) you tell he that there will be no more business between we . Gray grin even more broadly , then he clear he throat with a rumbling couch . macfarlane turn around . macfarlane ( cont would ) oh -- well , Joseph , it seem I will have the pleasure of speak to Mr. Gray myself . you can go . both man wait for Joseph to go into the alcove . gray now that be not a friendly thing I hear , toddy . not at all friendly . macfarlane that have nothing to do with it . we have decide to do more lecture and less dissection -- it 's better for the student -- that 's all there be to it . gray ( start to leave ) you know what you want and do not want -- so that 's a end of business between we -- but we will still be friend , toddy . I will be drop by to see you and meg once in a while -- for auld lang syne , you know . macfarlane I suppose we can not prevent that , Gray -- ( bitterly ) -- for auld lang syne . Gray turn very humbly and go to the door , then he turn again and he be laugh . gray and do you think you be get rid of I , toddy ? macfarlane , who have turn back to he desk , whirl about , but Gray have already disappear into the darkness of the entry way and from thence come he loud crow laughter . the doctor 's face cloud in anger . he turn back to he desk . the street door can be hear close . ext . macfarlane's close -- day Gray , still laugh , come out on the sidewalk to find Joseph wait for he . chuckle to himself , Gray start to cross to he cab . Joseph stop he . joseph I would like to speak to you . Gray look at he . gray I presume you shall . this will not be my last visit here . joseph I want to speak to you alone . I see something . I hear . gray what do you hear ? joseph I know -- he look off and see fettes come down the alley . fettes be whistling to himself . joseph ( cont would ) maybe some other time -- gray ( beginning to laugh again ) oh , you will have ample opportunity -- ample -- ( to fettes ) good morning , Dr. fettes . fettes good morning . int . anatomy room -- day the doctor turn as fettes come in . fettes I just see Gray . what be he laugh at ? macfarlane he have he own idea of a joke . perhaps he horse tickle he in the rib . fettes I have just be to see Mrs. marsh . georgina be do splendidly . the incision have heal -- clean and fine -- but she do not seem to have any desire to walk . macfarlane when she 's ready you bring she to I -- I will show she how . fettes Dr. macfarlane , I wonder if you know what happiness you have bring that people . macfarlane that 's only we duty , fettes -- that 's the end at which we aim with all this nasty business . he make a gesture to include the anatomy room . fettes ( very sincerely ) I suppose one must pass through this purgatory to the heaven of be a good doctor . macfarlane ( turn to he desk ) that 's the way of it , fettes . you bring the lassie to I . fade out fade in int . dr . macfarlane's study -- day the doctor , fettes , Mrs. marsh and georgina be all together . georgina be seat in she little wheelchair . the doctor stand before she , loom above she , glower with ill conceal rage . fettes kneel at the side of the wheelchair , while Mrs. marsh sit nervously perch on the sofa . fettes do not you want to find the white horse , georgina ? you can not find he from a wheelchair . you have to walk and run to find he . georgina I can not . macfarlane ( thunder ) you can not -- can not ! ( to fettes ) stop try to bribe she with childishness about white horse . let the child stand and walk -- she spine 's all right . I know it 's all right . fettes but she must want to stand . she must want to walk . macfarlane ( still in a tower rage ) confound I , the child 's a cripple , of course she want to walk . ( to georgina ) child , I say to you get up out of that chair and walk . georgina burst into tear . macfarlane make a disgust gesture . macfarlane ( cont would ) ( try to control himself ) I ask you , child , to do a simple thing -- raise yourself with you hand to a stand posture -- then step out with you leave foot -- try it . georgina shake she head . macfarlane ( cont would ) I say , try it ! lift yourself up now ! georgina lift herself up by she hand to a semistand posture . macfarlane ( cont would ) good . now step out . the child stand still . macfarlane ( cont would ) step out ! georgina I can not ! I can not ! my leg will not move . macfarlane ( almost scream ) nonsense ! Mrs. marsh rise from the sofa and come to join they . mrs . marsh I be sorry , Doctor . georgina 's a good child -- a brave child -- you see how she be during the operation -- but if she can not move , she can not move . macfarlane but she must be able to move . everything be in place . mrs . marsh ( shaking she head ) she would if she could . macfarlane then all my surgery be no good . there 's something wrong with the child -- something I do not know -- something I can not define -- can not diagnose . ( pause ) I can do nothing for she . when he finish he speech there be a long , dead silence . macfarlane be the first to break it . macfarlane ( cont would ) you see Mrs. marsh home , fettes , I be go to hobb ' . you can join I there if you like . fettes nod . pick up he hat macfarlane start from the door . dissolve out dissolve in int . hobb ' public house - night it be quite late and there be only a few patron in the public house . at the bar , with he hat on he head and he whip in one hand , Gray sit on a stool drink some hot liquid from a pewter tankard . the draw - waiter be lean on the bar talk to he . gray ( set down the mug ) well , I will be off -- unless you have a fare for I here -- some gentleman a little take with wine . waiter wait a bit and macfarlane will be want to be freight home . gray the Doctor macfarlane ? waiter aye . in the other room and get stiffer than the body he demonstrate . gray I will look in on he . Gray slouches across the room to the divan . he peer in . mo . close shot -- macfarlane in the divan from gray' angle . there be a squat bottle before he and two small glass . he be hunch over . his hair be rumple . he be brood . from the entrance of the divan , Gray speak to he . gray ( cont 'd ) toddy -- macfarlane look up . macfarlane ( with drunken friendliness ) oh , it 's you , Gray . well , come in . sit down . have a glass with I . gray ( remove he hat and sit down ) you be uncommon friendly tonight , toddy . more like the old day . macfarlane drunkenly nod he head . macfarlane I want someone to talk to . that fettes -- all take up with the widow . he never come back here . he look up at Gray . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) you know something about the human body , Gray . gray I have have some experience . macfarlane then you can understand that the backbone be a lot of little block and that little block be all hold together , so that it work like that whip of yours . you know that , do not you ? gray I have never have it all explain that way to I by so learn a man . macfarlane ( disregard the sarcasm ) I set that block together , patch the muscle . I put the nerve where they should be -- I do it and I do it right -- and she will not walk -- gray ( beginning to understand ) oh , it 's the bit of a girl fettes be talk about . macfarlane ( thumping he hand on the table ) the same . look here , Gray -- he pick up two glass . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) I fitte they together like this -- ( he put the two glass together ) -- so that it be right . yet she will not walk . Gray look at he . he be grin he malicious grin . with a sudden sweep of he hand across the table he knock down the glass . gray you can not build life like you put together block , toddy . macfarlane what be you talk about ? I be a anatomist . I know the body . I know how it work . gray and you be a fool , toddy -- and no doctor . it 's only the dead one that you know . macfarlane I be a doctor . I teach medicine . gray like knox teach you ? like I teach you ? in cellar and graveyard ? do knox teach you what make the blood flow ? macfarlane the heart pump it . gray do he tell you how thought come and how they go and why thing be remember and forget ? macfarlane the nerve center -- the brain -- gray but what make a think start ? macfarlane ( fuzzily ) in the brain , I tell you . I know . gray you do not know and you will never know or understand , toddy . not from I or from knox would you learn that thing . look -- he point to a mirror behind macfarlane 's head . macfarlane look into it . mirror shot show macfarlane look at he own face and the evil face of Gray just behind he . gray ( cont 'd ) look at yourself , toddy , could you be a doctor -- a heal man -- with the thing that eye have see ? there 's a lot of knowledge in that eye , but there 's no understanding . you would not get that from I . macfarlane whirl around . another angle - macfarlane face Gray . macfarlane I be a doctor - a good doctor . I could make she walk , but she will not - she will not -- gray ( almost kindly , as he pour a drink ) here , have another glass , macfarlane . I will take you home and we will be friend again -- now that you know that you be knox 's man and my friend -- aye , forever . macfarlane swallow the drink at a single draught . macfarlane I be my own man and I will have no more to do with you , Gray . Gray lift he eyebrow quizzically . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) why should I be afraid of you ? what be you hold over I ? gray I will tell you what , toddy . it 's because I run down the street with the mud and the stone around my ear and the mob yell for my blood . it 's because you be afraid to face it -- and you be still afraid . macfarlane no , I be not afraid . tell ! shout it from the housetop ! ( drop he voice ) and remember this -- they hang burke -- they mobbed Hare -- but Dr. knox be live like a gentleman in London . macfarlane rise drunkenly to he foot , there be a threat of physical violence in he manner . gray ( somewhat placatingly ; for the first time not completely master of the situation ) aye , toddy , there be something in what you say . macfarlane there be much in what I say , Gray , and if you have any regard for you neck you will leave now and stay away from my house , my school , and from I . gray I have no wish for a rope cravat . I have never like the smell of hemp , so I will bid you good night , Doctor macfarlane . Gray pick up he hat and start off out of scene . macfarlane slump back into he seat . his hand reach out for the whiskey bottle . he start to pour another drink . dissolve int . gray' stable - night by the light of a single lantern , Gray be unharness he horse . he lead it out from between the shaft and into its stall . there be a furtive sound before he as the door to the street slowly move open . he wheel quickly as a slight , hunch figure sidle through the door . Gray wait until the figure walk into the range of the lamp and be reveal as Joseph . then he speak . gray ah -- Dr. macfarlane 's man -- a surprise visit , but come in -- come in . he step aside , and Joseph slowly move over toward the stairway , look around he . mo . shot as Gray lead Joseph into the live quarter and look curiously at Joseph , who return the look with a sort of determine belligerence . gray ( cont 'd ) you be welcome to my little nest , Joseph -- be it not ? that 's right -- you have something to say to I -- something very private . joseph yes . gray now that be very interesting -- ( with a gesture ) take a chair , Joseph , Joseph seat himself and Gray sit down opposite he . no sooner have he seat himself than the big white cat , he pet , come and jump upon he knee . Gray stroke it fondly . joseph ( look around ) can anyone hear what we say ? gray ( indicate the cat ) only brother . joseph ( bend toward he ) I know that you kill people to sell body . Gray sit motionless except that the hand which rest upon the arm of he chair slowly tense and that other hand which stroke the cat , stop at the cat 's head . for a long moment he be silent , then he speak very softly . gray you say you have come here on you own account ? no one know you be here ? joseph give I money or I will tell the police you murder the " subject . " again there be a silence as Gray study he . by now , Gray 's right hand relax . his leave hand begin to stroke the cat . finally , he smile . gray well , you shall have money , Joseph . why should you not ? still smile , he very carefully take the cat from he lap , sit it on the floor and rise . Joseph follow he with he eye . gray ( cont 'd ) ( crossing to the taboret for a bottle and two glass ) I do not suppose the great Dr. macfarlane be too free with he pay , be he ? he have come back with the bottle and fill a glass with brandy for each . he pass a glass into Joseph 's hand . gray ( cont 'd ) here -- have some of this . they both drink . immediately , Gray refill Joseph 's glass . gray ( cont 'd ) ( as he pour ) you want money and you shall have it . he pull a purse from he pocket and begin to count out note and coin . gray ( cont 'd ) let I see -- five and five -- then in gold -- six all together . shall we say sixteen pound , Joseph ? Joseph , with the glass still at he lip , nod he head . Gray look about as if seek a point of vantage ; then carefully set himself in a straight - back chair , face and a little to the side of Joseph 's chair . Joseph be in a low - cushion chair . Gray , be above he , almost seem to hover over he . Gray lean forward to give he the money . joseph I have make you give I money , but you smile . be not you angry ? gray no , Joseph . I be not angry -- here -- another glass of brandy -- I will wager it 's better than the doctor 's . this time Gray fill Joseph 's glass and drabble a few drop into he own , but do not bother to pick it up . gray ( cont 'd ) drink up , man ! the liquor have begin to affect Joseph . he take the third glass eagerly and drain it while Gray watch he in silence . as he put the glass down , Gray begin to speak . gray ( cont 'd ) I have a idea -- a splendid idea -- such a excellent idea that we must drink on it . he fill the fourth glass . Joseph take it but do not drink , as he be interested to hear Gray 's proposition , gray ( cont 'd ) you see -- I admire you , Joseph . come here show courage . I be look for such a man -- but -- drink , Joseph , drink .. Joseph drink . again Gray keep silent while he swallow the liquor . as Joseph put down the glass , Gray hitches he chair forward a inch or two . again he refill the glass ; put it into Joseph 's unsteady hand . gray ( cont 'd ) you and I should work together . joseph you mean we would sell the body to the doctor together ? dig they up ? gray ( smile ) no digging Joseph . the churchyard be too well guard . we will " burke " they , joseph ( puzzle ) burke they ? gray you be lately come to Scotland , Joseph ? joseph I come from Lisbon . gray but still you may have hear the peddler of verse cry out they name on the street . he begin to sing in a rough croaking voice . gray ( cont 'd ) " the ruffian dog , the hellish pair . the villain burke , the meager Hare -- " joseph I never hear that song . but what do they do ? gray eighteen person they kill and sell the body to Dr. knox at ten pound for a large and eight pound for a small . that 's good business , Joseph . Joseph nod appreciatively , then look concerned . joseph but where do they get that people ? gray that be Hare 's end . ah , you should have see he on the street , when he see some old beldam deep in drink how he cozen she ! he mimic , tipping a imaginary hat . gray ( cont 'd ) " a good - day to you Madame tosspot , and would you like a little glass of something before you take you rest ? come with I to my house and I will make you my guest . you shall have quart to drink if you like . " ( appreciatively ) ah , how he cozen they . joseph we could do that . but when he have they there , then what ? gray ( beginning to sing again ) " nor do they handle axe or knife to take away they victim 's life -- no sooner do than in a chest they cramme they lately welcome guest . " Gray rub he hand together . joseph I do not understand the song . tell I plain how they do it . gray ( rise ) I will show you how it be do , Joseph . -- I will show you how they " burk " they . he reach out for Joseph 's face . Joseph interpose he arm . gray ( cont 'd ) no , put you hand down . how can I show you , man ! Joseph let he hand swing to he lap . Gray clasp Joseph 's nose between thumb and forefinger , cupping Joseph 's chin hard against the heel of he palm . close shot - Joseph with Gray 's hand hold he nose and mouth . gray' voice this be how they do it , Joseph . suddenly he hand tense . Joseph 's eye dilate with terror and he head jerk to one side violently as he attempt to tear he face from the grasp of Gray 's hand . mo . close shot - Gray steadily clutching Joseph 's face . he throw himself upon the other man and the chair slowly go backward . another angle . the two man be on the floor . Gray be lie across the body of he victim , he hand still clutching Joseph 's nose and mouth . Joseph struggle convulsively , throw he arm and leg about , try to get at Gray 's body which lie athwart he . with he free hand Gray pin down Joseph 's right hand . the man be helpless . the violence of he movement grow less and less . for a moment he be still ; then he struggle again . close shot - Joseph . he be make a final desperate effort to pull away from Gray 's hand , then he face muscle relax . his eye 's close . close full shot - Gray and Joseph . Gray look down at he victim . Joseph be at last unconscious . Gray get to a kneel posture , but still keep he hand on Joseph 's nose and mouth . another angle . the cat walk up and rub itself against Gray 's leave arm . he let go of Joseph 's hand and pat the cat , still keep he grip on Joseph 's mouth and nose . close shot - Gray as he examine Joseph . evidently , Joseph be dead enough to suit he and he let go he grip . full shot as Gray get to he foot . he cross the room to a cupboard , open it and take out a square of fold canvas . he start back toward Joseph and stop on the way to pick up Joseph 's glass from the taboret . he drink the remainder of the liquor in it . Gray kneel down beside Joseph and begin to wrap the canvas about the body . suddenly , a think strike he , and he put he hand in Joseph 's coat pocket . he fish out the money he have give he . he begin wrapping the canvas around the body again . dissolve int . anatomy school - night full shot . the School be in darkness -- except for thin moonlight which filter through the shutter , make strange pattern with the shadow . there be no sound until , abruptly , a key turn in the lock of the outside door . it open and through it come the figure of Gray in he stove - pipe hat and cape coat . over he shoulder he carry a long , limp and apparently heavy bundle wrap in sacking . cautiously , without a sound he carry he grim burden toward the curtain recess . mo . shot at recess . Gray come into shot . he push he way through the curtain , which fall back into place , hide he from view . sound come from behind the curtain ; bump , shuffle sound . then Gray 's hand appear momentarily as it throw out a bundle of sacking . after a grunt of effort come a heavy splash as something be drop into the big vat o.s. full shot - Gray as he come from the recess and start across the anatomy room . when he reach the stair he pause a moment , and then , instead of go toward the door , turn and start up the stair . dissolve out dissolve in int . macfarlane's live room - night a single lamp be burn . meg , in negligee and mob cap , sit in a arm chair busily knitting . opposite she , in a low chair sit Gray , he whip in he hand and he hat on the back of he head . he be loung in the chair and he have a glass of ale on the floor beside he . he drink from it and put it back on the floor . meg look up . gray you have no need to be so anxious , meg , macfarlane 's be drunk and away before . he will be home in good time . meanwhile , you have get I to keep you company . meg I would call that no good fortune . gray there be a time , lassie -- a time when I use to bring the dash young doctor to you door -- when you do not feel so uncommon cold to you old friend Gray . meg why must you be on he all the time ? why do it please you ? gray he 's my friend . I like to see my friend -- I like to visit they -- there be the sound of the front door open . both look up . heavy drag footstep sound in the hall . meg well , he 's come home -- you have no excuse now to bear I company . Gray make no move to get out of he chair . macfarlane stand in the doorway . he see Gray . macfarlane what be you go here ? have I not tell you -- gray would you grudge I a glass with my old crony , meg ? meg crony indeed ! macfarlane you can get out . Gray rise leisurely .. gray I bring you something tonight , macfarlane -- a interesting specimen -- in very good condition . macfarlane I have order nothing from you . gray this be a gift . macfarlane I take no gift from you . gray this be a gift you will not return . macfarlane get out of here ! gray wait , toddy . that 's not hospitable . I want to discuss business . macfarlane you be not to set foot in here again , Gray , for business or any other reason . and you be go out now ! he seize Gray by the shoulder . Gray merely look at he . gray ( calmly ) I would not do it , toddy . I would not be rough hand . macfarlane , somewhat take aback by the calm and effrontery of the man , let go of he . gray ( cont 'd ) if you be to throw I out , it might become know that when the great Dr. macfarlane find he anatomy school without " subject " -- he provide they himself and from the midst of he own household --- angle - three shot - Gray 's manner , fully as much as he ambiguous speech , have put a end to all think of violence . macfarlane what the devil be you talk about ? Gray rise slowly . gray take a look downstairs . toddy . take a look . he turn and walk quietly out of the room . macfarlane stare after he ; than slowly a think come to he . macfarlane fettes -- where be fettes ? meg I will get he . she leave quickly . when she have leave , macfarlane pass he hand over he eye , try to clear he whiskey - muddle brain ; then he turn and start for the door of the anatomy room , int . anatomy room -- night the school be dark and empty ; only moonlight enter from the window . the night light be out . macfarlane come slowly down the stair . as he reach the foot of the step , fettes , in he bathrobe , come to the head of the stair , bear a candle . macfarlane turn to look at he . macfarlane fettes , be you down here when Gray come ? fettes shake he head . macfarlane start for the alcove , and fettes follow he . macfarlane pull the curtain aside . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) bring that candle over here . mo . close shot - in the recess . it be very dark . the curtain be draw back , and macfarlane appear . the scene be suddenly illuminate as fettes follow he , carry the candle . the great vat be clearly visible as both man peer down into it . close shot - the vat , shoot downward . something be float just beneath the liquid which come nearly to the top of the vet . Light from the candle o.s , come over the scene , and the thing below the surface be reveal as the dead face of Joseph . two shot - macfarlane , as he take the candle from fettes ' hand . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) ( mutter ) -- a member of he household -- macfarlane turn to fettes . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) fettes , the more thing be wrong , the more we must act as if everything be right . you must do with Joseph as you do with , the street singer -- complete dissection -- a proper entry in the book -- fettes no . macfarlane what do you mean , fettes ? fettes I will have no more to do with it . I will not put my neck into the noose , not even for you sake , Dr. macfarlane . macfarlane do not be a fool . one can not begin and then stop -- and because that entry of the girl 's body be in you hand , you will do as I say . as for I , I will tend to Gray . macfarlane turn and start for the main portion of the anatomy room . at the curtain he stop , meg be stand there , she eye wide as she look at the body of Joseph . meg you be not go to Gray . macfarlane he must leave I alone . he start past she . she seize hold of he arm , cry out . meg no ! no ! with a swoop of he arm he frees himself . meg almost fall . she strike against the wall , but recover herself and start after macfarlane , but it be already too late . he be in the entryway , and a moment later there be the slam of the door . meg stand tremble . fettes come up to she and take she elbow to support she . meg ( cont 'd ) come , mistress cameron -- this be no place for you . I will help you upstairs . she let he lead she to the stairway . close two shot -- on the stairway as meg and fettes start to ascend . fettes be help meg. suddenly she stop dead and stare into he face . meg ( cont 'd ) you must leave this house . fettes I can not do that -- you hear macfarlane . meg save yourself . master fettes look at macfarlane and be warn . fettes he 's a great doctor -- a great man -- meg be it a great man whom Gray can order to he bid ? be it a great man who for very shame dare not acknowledge he own wife so that I must play maidservant for the world 's sake and he success ? she make a contemptuous gesture and go on . meg ( cont 'd ) he could have be a great man -- a good man and a fine doctor , but there be always the shame of the old life and the old way to hold he back -- and always Gray -- Gray to hound he to he death . fettes you be over - excited , mistress cameron . meg I be cold as ice . fettes but Gray 's only a cab driver -- a resurrection man who rob grave to make a bit of money now and again . meg if he be only that . the man' evil himself . some day you will know he as macfarlane know he -- for macfarlane he be to knox as you be to he . that bring he close to Gray , he roister with he and drank with he . aye , and Gray even bring he to my door and my love . there be all that between they and more -- burke and Hare and knox -- fettes but that 's long since . Gray can not threaten he with that . meg Gray have no need to threaten . you remember the trial ? fettes I hear my parent speak of it in thrum . it be a famous case . meg and do you hear they speak of the porter who testify against burke ? fettes aye . meg they do not tell you how that porter cry out in the witness box when the king counselor press he hard -- how he cry out that he be shield a gentleman of consequence . fettes shake he head . meg ( cont 'd ) that porter be Gray and the gentleman of consequence who could not swallow the shame of it -- who take my last paltry savings to hire Gray -- fettes macfarlane they stand for a moment look at each other then she turn wildly toward fettes and seize he coat lapel . meg listen to I , fettes , I be one part befuddle with drink , one part over -heel in love with macfarlane , and one part fey . you be a lowlander , fettes , and you have no way of know what we highlander call the second sight . fettes I have hear of it . meg it 's a gift to my people -- and I see macfarlane and Gray -- the pit yawn for they and the flame -- and I would have you away from they and safe out of the torment . -- the two stand face each other , meg crush the boy 's coat lapel in she hand . dissolve int . gray' live quarter - night it be very dark as Gray open the door . for a moment he distinctive silhouette be in the doorway . then he close the door behind he and the room be again plunge into darkness except for a glow from the ember in the hearth . Gray cross to the hearth . he take a spill from the mantle , blow on the coal and light the spill . its flaring light reveal macfarlane stand watch he . after a first momentary check of surprise , Gray , without a word , transfer the flame from the spill to a candle . he blow out the spill and set it back on the mantle . mo . shot with Gray in the f.g. and macfarlane come toward he . Gray have recover he composure . gray ( very softly ) this be unexpected , toddy . macfarlane come to a halt face Gray . the camera begins to cheat in on the pair . macfarlane ( toneless ) I want to see you . you be not here -- so I wait . the two man survey each other in absolute silence . from o.s. near at hand , the cat mews . the camera pull back to slightly wider angle as Gray turn away , seating himself upon the arm of a chair . the cat come into the shot and jump up beside he . macfarlane . ( draw closer ) what do you want of I . Gray ? gray ( smile ) want of you , toddy ? I want nothing of you . two shot - Gray and macfarlane . macfarlane be tense , motionless . he stare down at Gray who sit at he ease stroking the cat , now purring on he knee . macfarlane make a obvious effort to control himself , to speak calmly . macfarlane Gray , I must rid myself of you -- you have become a cancer -- a malignant , evil cancer -- rotting my mind . gray ( pour a drink for macfarlane ) so , toddy , you have make I a disease , eh ? macfarlane ( disregard this sarcasm , but take the proffer glass ) I can not understand you hurt to I -- but I must cut you out . he drink , set down the glass . Gray watch he , get up from he chair and stand before he . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) I will not leave here until I have finish with you . Gray . one way or another -- I must be sure that I be rid of you . he pause and look at Gray . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) and if there be no other way -- Gray look at macfarlane , big and bulky in the small chair . he move nervously . gray surely you be not threaten a old friend , toddy . macfarlane we have never be friend . Gray move over to the chair on which he sit when he " burk " Joseph . he bend forward over the taboret and refill the doctor 's glass . gray have another glass of something good , toddy . macfarlane I have drunk enough tonight . gray ( put the glass down on the taboret ) another little drop will never do you any harm . almost as if unconscious of he action , macfarlane pick up the glass , sip , then drink . Gray smile . macfarlane set down the glass . Gray immediately refill it . and again macfarlane reach for it , take it into he hand . gray ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) drink -- macfarlane , without think , bring the glass to he lip . macfarlane you be get old , Gray , and it 's a hard life drive a cab through this wet and windy street of Edinburgh -- gray I have other mean of sustenance . macfarlane the resurrection business ? that may end sooner than you think . New law may come . Gray shrug . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) what I be go to say be this -- would not you be more comfortable at leith in a neat little house ? gray would you bribe I to leave you be ? macfarlane I would make you rich . gray it would not be half so much fun for I . toddy , as to have you come here and beg -- macfarlane ( cut in ) beg -- beg of you ! you crawl graveyard rat ! he choke off the last speech and glare at Gray . he be almost tremble with the effort to control himself . gray aye -- that be my pleasure . as he speak he be refilling macfarlane 's glass . macfarlane well then -- I beg you -- I beseech you -- gray ( shaking , he head and grin ) but then I would not have the fun of have you come here and beg again , toddy . they look at each other . macfarlane bend over in he chair . Gray hitches himself forward a little on the table , ready , wait , then relax as macfarlane begin to speak . macfarlane but why , Gray ? why ? gray because it would be a hurt to I to see you no more , toddy . you be a pleasure to I . macfarlane a pleasure to torment I ? gray no -- a pride to know that I can force you to my will . I be a small man -- a humble man -- and be poor , I have have to do much that I do not want to do . but so long as the great Dr. macfarlane jump at my whistle , that long be I a man -- and if I have not that , I have nothing . then I be only a cabman and a grave-robber . macfarlane look at he . as he look , he realize he have hear the truth and that Gray will never leave he in peace . now he , in turn , attempt cun . he move forward in he chair as if wishing to put forth a convincing argument . macfarlane start to rise ; he mind make up . Gray see there be no longer any hope of forestalling violence . he throw himself forward and seize he as he seize Joseph . mo . full shot - macfarlane and Gray . as macfarlane rise Gray cling to he and get he other arm about macfarlane 's neck . macfarlane try to shake he off ; try to twist away from he . the effort make he lose he foot . they fall together . close shot - macfarlane and Gray on the floor near the hearth . Gray still cling to he , every muscle tense . macfarlane , with he hand under Gray 's shoulder , heave up try to push the man off . he heave once , twice , a third time and then let he arm relax from the futile , enormous effort . two head closeup - Gray and macfarlane . gray ( cont 'd ) let be , toddy . let be . I have no wish to hurt you . macfarlane 's eye grow huge and fierce with anger . now he try to pummel Gray in order to free himself ; raining blow on he back , he head and into he side , Gray grunt with each punish blow , but never for a moment relax he grip . finally the piston - like blow grow weaker , the flail arm fail and macfarlane drop he hand to the floor at he side , limp and relaxed . mo . close shot -- macfarlane and Gray as macfarlane , with great effort , throw he body to the leave , toward the fireplace . the boil kettle be upset and the steaming water throw on both of they . close shot -- macfarlane in agony as the water spurt over he . close shot -- Gray . his face be twisted in torment and steam rise from he scald flesh . gray ( cont 'd ) stay , toddy -- do not force I to kill you -- I have need of you -- the great need of my pride . two shot -- Gray and macfarlane . macfarlane 's arm again relax . Gray smile through the pain of he scalding . gray ( cont 'd ) that 's better toddy . that 's more reasonable , he let go he grip on macfarlane 's face . no sooner have he do so than macfarlane throw he off with a violent movement . both man scramble to they foot and face each other . the camera swing away from the two man and focus on the wall above a lowboy on which the white cat be sit . the cat 's great , round eye seem to be surveying the struggle while above its head the shadow of the two man can be see meeting , struggle , break off , rush together again , and all the while there can be hear the sound of blow , hoarse breathe , gasp and hard ejaculation of breath . then one indistinguishable figure pick up a chair . the chair break with a crash over the head of the other figure and that figure fall out of scene . only one upright shadow remain above the head of the cat . that shadow pick up a cloak and top hat , put they on and bend to pick up a body . the shadow of one man carry the body of the other come toward the cat , the shadow grow huge and out - figure on the wall . the cat 's fur bristle . it arch its back and snarl . dissolve int . anatomy school - night only the night light be burn over the door at the entry way . the school be light by its swinging light . out in the street can be hear the familiar clop- clop of Gray 's horse and the ringing of the iron wheel on the roadway . the camera on dolly track move slowly toward the entry door . the outer door can be hear open . there be rustle and noise in the dark entryway . by this time the camera be closeup on the door as macfarlane with a canvas - wrap bundle on he shoulder come through the doorway , and go to a full closeup of he face . he start forward . mo . full shot - macfarlane as he throw the body down onto the table . he stand there for a moment look down at it , then the noise of a door open on the stair landing cause he to turn and look up . mo . full shot - the stairway . meg be see at the head of the stair , look down . another angle - macfarlane be see from meg 's viewpoint . macfarlane where be fettes ? mo . full shot - the stairway as meg begin to descend . meg he 's go . I send he away . I will not see another boy harry and tear and make miserable like you , toddy . macfarlane look at she as she descend the stair . there be silence as she cross the room . she come to stand beside the table . meg ( cont 'd ) ( point to the bundle ) you have be with Gray again . macfarlane aye . meg turn away as if to start for the stair . he stop she . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) you would better look at the face . she look at he . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) you would , better . meg resolutely walk up to the table , lift the canvas and look down at the face . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) I be rid of he forever . meg look at he . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) he will not come here again -- sneaking and whining and bully . meg be still silent . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) now he will serve a good purpose -- and tomorrow when the last bit of he be dissect , demonstrate and detailed in the student ' notebook , then at last there 's a end to he . meg still look at he silently and thoughtfully , then with a slight shake of she head she start away . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) ( rub he hand together ) next day I will take he horse and cab to sell at the pennycuick fair . ( pause ; then make a expansive movement with he hand ) then not a trace leave -- rid of he forever . at the foot of the stair , meg turn to he . meg you be not rid of he . fade out fade in ext . the rampart -- day a little boy roll a hoop go past the camera . behind he come run a little convoy of child , laugh and shouting . when they have pass the camera , fettes enter the scene . he be deject . his hand be in he pocket and he head be down as he walk toward georgina and she mother . georgina be in she wheelchair . her head be turn as she watch the child run out of sight . fettes good morning , Mrs. marsh . mrs . marsh good morning , Mr. fettes . georgina I think this be a school day . fettes I be not at the school anymore . I leave last night . Mrs. marsh look at he . mrs . marsh Left Dr. macfarlane ? fettes nod . Mrs. marsh look at he and then take he elbow . mrs . marsh ( cont 'd ) ( to georgina ) play by yourself a little . I would like ' to speak to Mr. fettes . dolly shot - as fettes and Mrs. marsh walk slowly away from georgina . mrs . harsh this be serious , Donald . what have happen ? fettes shake he head . mrs . marsh it 's not because of georgina -- because of Dr. macfarlane 's failure ? fettes it 's not the failure . I feel that macfarlane have teach I nothing . he teach I the mathematics of anatomy but he could not teach I the poetry of medicine . mo . full shot -- georgina . she be play with she doll . suddenly , from far below she she hear the clop- clop of a horse 's hoof and the rumble of iron wheel . she look up and listen . mo . full shot - fettes and Mrs. marsh . fettes ( cont 'd ) that 's why I do not want to go on . I feel macfarlane have I on the wrong road -- a road that lead to knowledge but not to heal . if there have be any heal in the man , georgina would be walk now . shot - georgina . she be listen intently . the hoof beat be right underneath she at the base of the castle wall . she try to look over the parapet ; cannot . she call out . georgina mommie ! mommie ! full shot - Mrs. marsh and fettes . they be talk intently together . Mrs. marsh be hold she parasol in such a way that it be between she and georgina . georgina 's call come very faintly over they conversation . neither of then turn toward the child . mrs . marsh I think it be the pain of the operation more than anything else -- she 's afraid that if she stand the pain will come again . nothing Dr. macfarlane could ever do would take that out of she mind . close shot - georgina . the hoof beat be beginning to recede . there be a slight wind blow . she turn around to look at she mother and call again . georgina mommie ! mommie ! there be no answer . she turn she head back toward the battlement ; try to peer over they and fail . then , place a hand on each arm of she little chair , she lift herself to a sort of stand - sit position . she try to look over the wall again . again she fail . she turn to call to she mother . georgina ( cont 'd ) mommie -- the white horse -- I be sure it 's the white horse -- mo . close shot - fettes and Mrs. marsh . fettes even so , I could never think of go on -- I have get to find some other profession . mrs . marsh it be a pity . shot - georgina . she have get herself to the same semi erect position she have be before and now in she desperate effort to see over the battlement , she suddenly straighten she knee ; she hand lift off the arm of the chair . without know it , she be stand . she try again to look over the wall and again the height and distance be too much for she . completely unconscious of what she be do , she take a forward step and from this vantage point she can look over the wall . she turn back with disappointment on she face . she call to she mother . georgina mommie ! it be another horse . close full shot -- fettes and Mrs. marsh with the child in the b.g . they see the child stand . Mrs. marsh make a wordless exclamation of joy . she do not even dare to move for fear this might be a vision . another angle -- fettes , Mrs. harsh and georgina . Mrs. marsh and fettes run in . close full shot -- of the three . fettes you be stand , georgina . the child look down , see that she be stand and almost instantly grab at the chair for support . very gently fettes pull it away . fettes ( cont 'd ) you will not need that again , georgina . georgina ( excited and almost in tear ) I want to see the white horse -- fettes and Mrs. marsh kneel down close to the child . Mrs. marsh take she into she arm . fettes rise to he foot , he face be full of enthusiasm and excitement . his voice tremble with the keenness of accomplishment . fettes ( wildly excited ) I have get to tell Dr. macfarlane . I have get to tell he . dissolve int . macfarlane's hallway -- day there be the ringing of a doorbell . meg come down the stair . she cross the hall and open the door . fettes stand there . meg hold the door open for he to enter and close it behind he . fettes mistress cameron -- you will not believe it , but the child have walk -- stand and walk . I must tell Dr. macfarlane . he start forward as if to go on into the study . meg stop he with she hand on he arm . meg he 's not home . fettes where can I find he ? meg you do not go to find he . you news will keep until I tell he . fettes but I must tell he -- he must know of it . please -- tell I where he be . meg there 's no stand between a fool and he folly . if you must babble you news to he he 's at the fisherman 's tryst . it 's the inn at pennycuik . you can use macfarlane 's horse and gig to get there . he will welcome the ride back . fettes ( already start to turn ; still very much excited ) at pennycuik . I know the inn . I can be there in a hour . meg ( bitterly ) and back with macfarlane and all that he stand for the next day . she open the door for fettes and close it after he . dissolve out dissolve in int . inn of the fisherman' tryst -- night it be a long , low - rafter room with a fire of log burn on the hearth . outside the wind can be hear blow and shrilling . a considerable company have gather for warmth and food . mo . close shot -- a amiable rustic , a horse dealer , who stand , boot with whip in hand , talk to several fellow bumpkin while the maidservant of the inn serve they ale from a large wooden tray . they wet clothes be steaming from the heat of the fire . horse dealer a sound horse and a close carriage -- and after I would talk with he a bit I have he price down to four pound and then . he laugh . horse dealer ( cont 'd ) and worth every bit or ten pound . he lift a tankard from the tray . maidservant surely , angus , a man who have win so great a victory in a horse deal would buy the poor loser a drink . horse dealer ( take it big as he throw a coin onto the tray ) take he a pot of ale . maidservant ale for a gentleman ? it 's only french brandy he would be drink , and that will be two more shilling , angus . very reluctantly angus take out the additional money . the girl start out of scene and the camera pan with she to show macfarlane seat at a small table at the other side of the hearth . he have just finish dinner and be push he plate away from he . the maidservant come up to he . maidservant ( cont 'd ) the man who buy you horse would like you to have a glass of french brandy at he charge . macfarlane now that 's very civil of he . at the other side of the hearth the lout around the horse dealer strike up a song . outside there be the sound of a horse clatter into the courtyard , then the muffle shout as the driver rein the horse in and the hostler go to he head . both macfarlane and the maidservant listen and look toward the door . the door swing open and fettes stand there , he clothes drench with rain . as he enter , he shake the water from he hat . he see macfarlane and go over to he quickly , excited and smile . fettes Doctor -- the little marsh girl stand and walk -- really stand and walk -- macfarlane make way for fettes on the settle -- fettes sit down quickly . macfarlane what 's that you say ? fettes the little girl -- she could not walk far -- the muscle be too weak -- but she do stand and she take a step or two . macfarlane ( very excited ) I know it -- I know it -- the moment I be rid of he -- fettes what ? macfarlane Gray -- I be rid of he -- fettes look at he , puzzle . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) ( guard he thought ) just that -- just that -- I have manage to get he to leave Edinburgh -- he will bother I no more . he rub he hand together . the maidservant have return with a bottle of brandy and two glass . macfarlane pour one for himself and fettes . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) drink . fettes pick up he glass . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) here 's to a good riddance . they both drink . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) now that he 's go I will be a new man , fettes , and a better teacher . the doctor from my school will perform miracle -- the door open and a party of five people dress in rough mourn come in out of the weather . the maidservant , with a show of solicitude , usher they to a table at the far end of the inn , then cross quickly to where the horse dealer be . maidservant sh-h -h ! still you song , lad -- the maccreadys be here and they have come from bury the old woman in glencorse kirkyard . they stop sing and look over with sympathetic glance at the burial party . mo . close shot - fettes and macfarlane . macfarlane look from the boy around the fire to the burial party . macfarlane see that , fettes ? fettes a burial party -- poor people -- it 's hard to bury a love one on a rainy day when the churchyard be so cold and lonely . macfarlane glencorse -- that 's a lonely cemetery , fettes , not a soul around for mile . fettes they will be think of that , too . macfarlane tosh ! fettes ! it 's not they grief I be worry about -- I be talk of we own end -- fettes you have no think of go there ? macfarlane do you think Gray be the only one who could handle a mattock and shovel ? I have have some practice in the art . fettes ( protest ) you could not do that , Doctor . macfarlane ( rise ) I pass up no opportunity , I have a whole course of lecture in mind for you fellow . we will need subject to demonstrate . come along . fettes no . macfarlane why not ? I must have subject . it 's the only way I can teach . it 's the only way you can learn . the stupidity of the people the idiocy of they law will not stop no -- nor will they force I to deal with such reptilian creature as Gray . we can do we own dirty work -- and we must . fettes shake he head . macfarlane start for the door and after a little pause , fettes rise and follow he . dissolve ext . country graveyard - night full shot . the thunder increase in volume throughout the scene . in extreme b.g. two figure can be see intermittently . close shot - grave . the headstone be brand new but the mound beneath it have be demolish , leave a rag gape hole . a spade come down into picture with vicious force . as it be raise with its burden of earth : macfarlane's voice ( triumphant ) so we can not do without mister Gray - so I would never be rid of he , eh ? close shot - macfarlane and fettes as they work over the grave . macfarlane 's spade thump against wood . macfarlane a-ah ! he jump down into the grave , the camera tilting down cutting out fettes . macfarlane be lever up the edge of the coffin with he spade . as the wood give , there be a tremendous clap of thunder immediately overhead , follow by a solid deluge of rain . ext . road - near cemetery - night mo . full shot . the storm be raging . in the f.g. be macfarlane 's carriage , the horse tethere to the fence . whicker , intensely nervous , he be look o.s. toward the cemetery . shuffle footstep come over shot and the horse 's fear increase . mo . shot - at side of carriage be macfarlane and fettes come into scene carry a heavy burden , wrap in canvas . fettes ( hoarsely ) where shall we put it ? in the back ? macfarlane no room there . we will have to set it between we . quick dissolve ext . hillside road - night full shot - the storm be continue unabate . a narrow , twist road run down the hillside , and the terrain be desolate and rocky . horse 's hoof be hear and macfarlane 's carriage come into the scene , go down the hill . int . carriage -- night -- ( process ) close shot - macfarlane . he be drive , he head thrust forward to see the road . the camera pan , very slightly to show what be next to he ; something wrap in a thin sheet of canvas ; something which sit limply ; something which show the unmistakable shape of a human body beneath its cover . it be hold by fettes ' hand which be just in shot . the camera pan again to show fettes . his tooth be clench ; he eye close . mo . shot - show both man and the thing between they . the horse be trot fast and as the carriage turn a bend , the thing lunge heavily against macfarlane 's shoulder . macfarlane ( savagely ) keep it off I , will you ! ext . hillside road - night full shot - still the storm - even fiercer . macfarlane 's carriage , the horse gallop , come down the hill , sway and lurching . the pace be much too fast for the go . int . carriage - night - ( process ) mo . shot . it be very dark . macfarlane be haul at the rein with all he strength . macfarlane ( savage ) what 's get into this animal ! close shot - fettes . he be still hold the thing o.s. three shot . the carriage sway violently and the thing between the man , its outline barely distinguishable , seem to twist out of fettes ' grip . it sag against macfarlane . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) keep it off I ! forced to keep both hand on the rein , macfarlane try to thrust the thing away with he shoulder . but it still keep fall against he . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) keep it off I , I say ! fettes make a effort to hold on to the corpse . mo . full shot -- the carriage go along the road ; the horse proceeding at a hard trot . the hoof beat ring out rhythmically . three shot -- process -- fettes , macfarlane and the corpse . the rhythmic hoof beat sound very loud as the two man drive on in silence . fettes make a desperate effort to hold the corpse away from macfarlane , but it keep bump into the doctor . through the hoof beat and in the same rhythm come the voice of Gray on the sound track . gray' voice you will not get rid of I that way -- that way -- that way -- that way -- macfarlane shake he head as if to clear it of this remember voice ; this well - remember word . close shot -- macfarlane . his eye be wide with apprehension and fear . he glance down at the wrap corpse as it bump against he . he draw away , shiver . over the sound track Gray 's voice still sound beat on the ear with the same rhythm as the hoof on the road . macfarlane pull up on the rein . three shot - as macfarlane turn to fettes the carriage come to a halt . macfarlane ( make a effort to arrive at speech ) fettes -- for mercy 's sake , let 's have a light ! fettes look over at he companion . he have never see macfarlane in this state before and the young man be puzzle . fettes all right . he climb over the sill into the roadway . mo . full shot - the carriage as fettes try to strike a light in the pour rain and howling wind . he finally get a taper go and touch it to the lamp wick . the lamp flare for a moment . two shot -- macfarlane and the corpse . macfarlane it 's change ! I swear it ! it 's change , fettes ! reverse shot - fettes as he look up puzzle . fettes change ? change , to what ? high angle shot - macfarlane and the corpse with fettes at a lower level . macfarlane let 's have that lamp . fettes undoe it from the dashboard and lift it up over he head to cast a light on the corpse . macfarlane ( cont 'd ) ( look down at the bundle ) this be not a woman ! fettes ( matter -of - factly ) it be a woman when we put she in . macfarlane ( somewhat wildly ) hold that lamp up -- I must see she face . he tear open the sacking . another angle - close shot of fettes . he be look up hold the lantern high over he head , but be unable to see anything over the high dashboard except macfarlane 's face . suddenly , macfarlane pull back and on he face there be such a look of anguish and terror that fettes cry out in alarm . fettes Dr. macfarlane ? reverse shot - now the face of the dead woman can be see with macfarlane look down at it in horror as slowly it turn to the dark , well - mould feature and smooth - shaven cheek of the familiar countenance of Gray . a wild yell break from macfarlane 's lip . macfarlane Gray -- Gray -- mo . full shot - the horse and carriage . the nervous horse bolt . fettes try to dodge out of the way . the lamp fall and break and in the darkness the carriage go bound past he and away . he stand look after it , then break into a run , follow the runaway . close shot - macfarlane . he be fight to control the horse . but , as the carriage rock , the thing against he shoulder move ; either by reason of the violent motion or of some frightful volition of its own . the canvas wrapping slip , slide away and reveal again the head and naked torso of Gray . the pace increase even more . macfarlane see the dreadful metamorphosis and a strangle cry break from he throat . the carriage sway again and the arm come free from the canvas . another swerve , another lurch and they have fall limply around macfarlane 's neck . ext . hillside road - night full shot - a hairpin turn , with cliff - wall to one side , a sheer drop to the other . the carriage , the horse beyond control , can not take it at the speed . it strike the cliff , a wheel break loose , the brace tear apart , the horse stagger , run on free , the carriage tilt sickeningly , stand on end , roll over the edge and plunge down to destruction . ext . hillside road - night fettes have manage to get the lamp go again and be run along the road , follow the wheel track in the rain- soak earth . he come upon a bit of wreckage and stop . he listen , then walk over to the edge of the cliff . he hold he lantern well over the edge and peer down . then he start down the cliff side . ext . the cliff side - night mo . full shot - fettes as he scramble down , hold the lantern at arm 's length to protect it from the rough rock and the heather . he come to a slightly more level space and stop . he look down . mo . shot - shoot downward from fettes ' viewpoint . macfarlane 's body , obviously without life , be lie flat on its back , arm and leg outspread . and , lie against he chest , be something wrap in canvas . the camera move slowly down until it be close , show beyond all doubt that not only have the canvas never be disturb , but also that it be the woman 's body which it cover . fade out the end < !-- / / file archive on 20020202212651 and retrieved from the // internet archive on 20031001101328 . // javascript appended by wayback machine , copyright internet archive . // all other content may also be protected by copyright ( 17 u.s.c. // section 108 ( a ) ( 3 ) ) . var swaybackcgi = " http://web.archive.org/web/20020202212651/ " ; function x lateurl ( acollection , sprop ) { var i = 0 ; for ( i = 0 ; i < acollection.length ; i+ + ) if ( acollection [ i ] [ 's prop].index of ( " mailto : " ) == - 1 && a Collection [ i ] [ 's prop].index of ( " javascript : " ) == - 1 ) a Collection [ i ] [ 's prop ] = swaybackcgi + a Collection [ i ] [ 's prop ] ; } if ( document.link ) xlateurl ( document.link , " href " ) ; if ( document.image ) xlateurl ( document.image , " src " ) ; if ( document.embeds ) xlateurl ( document.embeds , " src " ) ; if ( document.body && document.body.background ) document.body.background = swaybackcgi + document.body.background ; //-->