middleton' changeling dialogue script ext . alicante shoreline . - night . picture cut in : static view of alicante from the sea . High above , the Castle of Santa Barbara dominate the city , silhouett against a night sky . wave roll in towards the modern - day city and break on the shoreline . car headlight , street lamp , vibrant city . Sea atmosphere surround we . we hear distant fog horn sounding eerily across the water . music fade up . a threaten bass note rumble . super white title : ( one after the other ) High time picture present a Marcus Thompson Film written by Thomas middleton & William rowley screenplay by Marcus Thompson fade title . without warning , firework explode from out of the sea fill the screen . choir sing . super white title : middleton' changeling fade to black . int . church of santa maria . - day . picture cut in : beatrice light a candle in the empty church . bell toll . CUT to : ext . Church of santa maria . - day . the large bell turn and toll in the bell - tower , the crucifix at its top swinging through frame . CUT to : int . church of santa maria . - day . beatrice blow out the taper that she have be use to light the candle . alsemero open the heavy church door , and pause in the entrance . beatrice look round as he step in , and walk slowly towards the altar . she pause for a moment and then cross herself . CUT to : ext . church of santa maria . - day . the church bell toll and swing around once again . CUT to : int . church of santa maria . - day . beatrice walk slowly up the church on the far side , with alsemero 's eye firmly fix on she as he stalk she up the aisle . Church pillar pass through frame , occasionally obscure they from view . at the top of the aisle beatrice pause momentarily and glance coyly across to alsemero , before move on out of frame . CUT to : int . bell tower . - Day . the large church bell swing in the semi-darkness of the bell tower . drum roll . CUT to : ext. countryside . - day . the tempo of the music change . the screen be fill with bleat goat that be herde towards cam . super white title : executive Producers peter greer & maria figueroa associate Producers peter king & carole king CUT to black : super white title : ( one after the other ) director of photography richard kj butland costume by elizabeth emanuel fade title . CUT to : ext . Castle of santa barbara battlement . - day . vermandero and alonso be sit under a tree . they stand , shake hand , and embrace , as though a mutually agreeable deal have be strike ( the marriage ) . CUT to black : super white title : Music compose by brian gray the changel theme by gary moore fade title . CUT to : ext . bullring . - day . do flore sit alone in the amphitheater tapping he silver - tip finger on a metal safety barrier , in time with the music . super black title : star ian dury , amanda ray - king , colm o maonlai , and billy connolly , campbell morrison , moya brady , richard maye , leo wringer , julia tarnoky , jame maker , guy william with joe dixon and duncan duff fade title . CUT to black : super white title : Frank scantori , vivian stanshall , John Cooper Clarke fade title . CUT to : int . bell tower . - day . with a squeak the crucifix on the bell swing into frame and settles . cam pull focus from the top of the bell to the castle look - out tower high up on the hill outside . CUT to black : super white title : directed and produce by marcus thompson fade title . CUT to : ext . plaza santa maria . - day . cam tilt down from the castle high above the church tower to the empty square below . the facia and intricate carving of the building be partially veile behind chicken wire . White dove adorn the stone ledge . we hear horse ' hoof on cobble stone approach . jasperino and he companion pass by in the distance on horseback . the music end . super black title : alicante fade title . alsemero exit the heavy door of the church . he step down onto the cobble square and walk slowly and thoughtfully away from the building . alsemero ( v/ of ) it be in the church that I first see she , and now again the same thing . what omen follow that ? the place be holy and so be my intent . the church first bring we together and shall join we into one . he turn to look back at the building . we see a series of C / we of the wire - veile statue on the facia of the church . jasperino approach . a dove fly off in fright . jasperino boss , why be you still here ? come man , the wind 's fair . jasperino and he companion slowly enter the square on horseback , and approach alsemero . alsemero that 's where you be wrong my friend , not in my best judgement . jasperino for malta ! man , it could not be better . he dismount . ( contd . ) I have never know you to delay travel when the wind be fair , what 's wrong ? alsemero nothing , unless there be some hide sickness in I . jasperino but this be madness compare to you haste yesterday ! alsemero I be still go , man ! jasperino yeah , backwards . look , you servant . to one side of the square two sailor lean over a railing . one of they shout across to alsemero . sailor the seamen beckon , my Lord , shall I load you trunk ? alsemero no , not today . keep all on shore ! he turn back to face jasperino , who be prepare to mount he horse . music fade in under the dialogue . alsemero ( cont would ) I must get to the end of a affair at hand , before I go to sea . jasperino turn to pat he horse with a shake of he head , surprised by he friend 's unusual behavior . CUT to : ext . alicante . - day . Wide establish shot of the castle of santa barbara high on the hill . CUT to : ext . road to castle . - day . a black stretch - limo escort by two motorcycle out - rider , siren blaring , turn a sharp bend on the road down from the castle . CUT to : ext . alicante . - day . White paint house cluster together stack around the base of the castle wall . we hear the sound of the motorcycle siren drift across the city . CUT to : ext . alicante back -street . - day . with the aid of a stick , do flore who be disabled , awkwardly descend the step that lead down through the house beneath the castle . he pause to look ahead into the square below . his face be hideously disfigure by a mass of erupting acne and scar skin tissue , and he mangy scalp contain patch of sore look baldness . CUT to : ext . Plaza santa maria . - day . beatrice and she lady - in-wait , diaphanta , exit the church . beatrice pass she prayer book disdainfully back to she servant . jasperino watch as alsemero approach beatrice and take she glove hand to kiss . beatrice respond to alsemero 's advance with a coy smile , and walk away with he . diaphanta look on disapprovingly , then follow . CUT to : ext . alicante back -street . - day . do flore , who have be watch from afar , continue he arduous journey down from the castle . CUT to : ext . Plaza santa maria . - day . alsemero and beatrice cross the square follow by diaphanta . jasperino leave he horse in the care of he companion and follow also . CUT to : ext . alicante . - day . the castle be see high up above the city . in the foreground a tower of the City Hall be see veile in blue plastic . it 's as if all the main building of the city be hide behind surreal veil . CUT to : ext . road to castle . - day . the stretch-limo and outrider screech round a corner as they descend the hill . CUT to : ext . plaza santa maria . - day . beatrice and alsemero walk side by side laugh flirtatiously as they approach the step that lead down from the church square . diaphanta and jasperino follow . beatrice be you a scholar , Sir ? alsemero ( 05.11 . 20 ) a weak one , Lady . beatrice which of the science be this love you speak of ? in c/u we glimpse that beatrice be wear sneaker under she period costume . alsemero from you tongue , I take it to be music . beatrice you be skilful at it , Sir . ' seem you sing at first sight . alsemero and I have show you all my skill at once . they pause on the step . alsemero ( cont would ) I lack word to express it further , and can only repeat myself . I love you dearly . beatrice hide she slight smile behind a Spanish fan , and leave frame . as diaphanta descend the step jasperino pick up some pebble and throw they down at she in a attempt to gain she attention . CUT to : ext . espanada . - day . White dove fly out of the way as the stretch - limo and outrider proceed between the palm tree of the espanada , with siren blaring . CUT to : ext . plaza santa maria . - day . do flore reach the top of the step that lead away from the square and pause to shout after beatrice . do flore Lady ! dove take off in fright . do flore ( cont would ) Lady ! ( 06.14 . 04 ) Lady ! do flore descend the stair . CUT to : ext . alicante CITY hall . - day . alsemero escort beatrice through the street as she be mobbed by child that tug at she dress playfully . they be follow by diaphanta and jasperino . beatrice can not hear do flore call she . do flore ( cont would ) Lady ! do flore try to catch up . in c/u he hob-nail boot thump down the step awkwardly , in mark contrast to beatrice 's footstep of earlier . on hearing do flore ' shout beatrice stop walk , freeze , and turn to face he . he approach she lean heavily on he stick . do flore ( cont would ) Lady ... you father ... beatrice ( as she walk to he ) be in health , I hope ! do flore you eye shall instantly instruct you , Lady . he 's on he way . beatrice why bother I then ? I would rather he come unexpectedly . must you stall a good presence with you unnecessary blabbing ? with a angry swipe of she fan beatrice turn and walk impetuously back to join alsemero and the child , walk through the city . diaphanta halfheartedly ignore jasperino 's tiresome advance . he clap he hand to disperse the distracting child . alsemero you seem suddenly displease , Lady . beatrice I be sorry . it 's a allergy . just as some must abandon as deadly poison a thing that to other be wholesome , such to my eye be the fellow back there . we CUT to do flore who still stand where beatrice humiliate he . his eye follow she as she walk on ahead . beatrice ( of /s , cont would ) but , he 's loyal to my father , and well respected by he . do flore ( v/ of ) will this scorn never end , one way or another ? must I follow still while she fly from I ? I know she would rather see I dead than live , for no other reason than a peevish will . ext. espanada . - day . overhead palm reflect vividly in the black bonnet of the stretch - limo as it travel up the espanada , flanke by police outrider . alsemero , beatrice , diaphanta and jasperino walk along the espanada follow close behind by do flore . jasperino put he hand on diaphanta 's shoulder . jasperino ( 07 . 53.05 ) ... that would tame the hot blood in town , for at least two hour . diaphanta a little poppy , Sir , would get you to sleep . jasperino poppy ? I will give you a pop in the lip ! the stretch - limo reach the group . do flore thump he stick heavily on the ground as he catch up with everyone . the music finish . we see beatrice and alsemero reflect in one of the tinted window of the car . it slowly open to reveal vermandero sit behind . vermandero joanna , I go to meet you . be you devotion end ? beatrice for the time be , Father . Sir , I be beholden to this gentleman who go out of he way to greet I ... jasperino eye diaphanta up and down as they stand together close by . do flore listen intently from the other side of the vehicle . beatrice ( cont would ) ... and in talk to he , I find he keen to see you castle . he deserve to , Sir , if you would grant it ? vermandero with all my heart , Sir , but ... I must know you country . we do not give tour of we chief strength to stranger . we citadel be conspicuous on the outside , but inside there be ... secret . alsemero I be a valencian , Sir vermandero a valencian ! what 's the name , I beseech you ? alsemero alsemero , sir. vermandero alsemero . not the son of John de alsemero ? alsemero why the same , Sir . vermandero my best love bid you welcome . music fade in . see as reflection in the tinted window alsemero and beatrice step into the vehicle . jasperino give diaphanta another glance up and down . the car screech away through frame , leave they stand together alone . after a pause diaphanta run away up the espanada laugh provocatively . jasperino quickly pursue she . jasperino hey ... come back here ! CUT to : ext . road to castle . - day . the stretch -limo and outrider blast through frame on they way up to the castle . int. limo . - day . beatrice and alsemero sit side - by-side opposite vermandero . vermandero Sir , I know you father . we be acquainted long ago . well , he 's go ... and a good soldier go with he . alsemero you be together in that , Sir . vermandero no , I be behind he . music end . CUT to : ext . road to castle . - day . the stretch-limo and outrider continue swiftly up the hill . CUT to : int . limo . - day . vermandero turn to speak to he daughter . vermandero oh , joanna , I should have tell you , I see piracquo recently . he 's hot prepare for he day of triumph ... you will be a bride within the week . beatrice turn to look out of the window as the news sink in . she open she fan carefully and fan herself . alsemero turn to look at she , surprised at the news , then look away thoughtfully out of the window . CUT to : ext . castle . - day . with a roar of engine the stretch - limo and its outrider pass through the gate to the castle and then the tunnel that lead to the courtyard within . CUT to : ext . alicante . - day . Wide establish shot of the castle of santa barbara . CUT to : ext . castle . - day . watched by several uniform police officer and franciscus and ANTONIO the vehicle move slowly into the castle courtyard . a officer approach the limo and open one of the door , as do flore get out from the front . alsemero and vermandero step out into the sunshine . vermandero you must see my castle and she best entertainment before we part , otherwise I shall find myself unkindly use . do flore follow beatrice as she walk around the limo to join the other . she be listen intently as she father talk to alsemero . vermandero ( cont would ) I have hope that you stay would be long enough for you to come to my daughter 's wedding . alsemero if I have my way , I would be there . beatrice ( once again from behind she fan ) I shall be sorry if you not there , but must it be so soon , Father ? vermandero I tell you the gentleman 's a courtier and a gallant , enrich with many fair and noble quality . I would not change he for as a son in - law for any man in Spain , and we have great one as you know . alsemero he be much bound to you , sir. franciscus and ANTONIO look on as beatrice remove a glove and purposefully drop it to the ground in the hope that alsemero might stay behind and pick it up for she . vermandero he shall be bound to I ! as fast as this tie shall hold he . but , come , on the way I will tell you more about he . look , girl ! you glove 's fall . De Flores , come and help ! vermandero and alsemero walk past and into the castle leave do flore to pick up beatrice 's glove . he stoops and then hand it to she . do flore here , Lady . beatrice ( 11 . 57.13 ) mischief on you officious forwardness ! who bid you stoop ? they touch my hand no more . there ! for the other 's sake , I part with this . take they and draw you own skin off with they ! beatrice fling she other glove at do flore and storm off . he be leave once again to follow she with only he eye . do flore ( v/ of ) I know she hate I , yet I can not choose but to love she . no matter , if but to vex she I will haunt she still , though I get nothing else I will have my will . CUT to : ext . alicante shoreline . - day . music . shoreline palm and road sign flash by as we travel along the alicante coast road . we hear John Cooper Clarke 's voice above the throbbing sound of a v8 trike engine . via a series of C / we of the machine we see pedro drive with ANTONIO hang on behind . whip - pan of the sea shore and C / we of the massive engine blast through frame . this be intercut with shot of the poet ( Cooper Clarke ) perform . poet suspicious . vicious . superstitious . genetically defective . folk round here get real officious and they be very well connect . the Marshall ' aint impartial , the sheriff 's out of town . there 's no law but the luck of the draw , and I be penitentiary bound . hog jowl and a mess of bean . Real fancy victual . a down -home southern scene - all beer and skittles . then this gun-happy child - bride squeeze off a round ... CUT to : int . asylum dungeon . - day . we see JOHN cooper clarke in vision , hold a burn torch . poet ... somebody die , she sister lie , and I be penitentiary bound . CUT to : ext . asylum . - day . cam crash - zoom into a bar ground floor window of the circular stone building . CUT to : int . asylum . - day . isabella ride a white stallion amongst the insane inmate of the asylum . the circular space be light by shaft of blue light that stream in from small bar window , and by the warm flame of burn torch that hang from pillar around the arena . inmate hang from the bar of the cage that surround they . some shiver and tremble outstretch on the sand that cover the ground , other rock to and for ' maniacally , or wander around in a daze . hoove pound as straw blow into the face of mad child as they search for fleas to eat in the hair of they fellow . pedro and ANTONIO enter the asylum and hang onto the cage as they look in on the mayhem . on the pillar around the pit hang distort metal mirror that throw back grotesquely hideous reflection of the inmate . the cam tilt up the leg of a extremely tall lady as she stride across the arena and come to rest on alibius and lollio who be surveying the scene from a balcony above . music fade . alibius I must trust you with a secret , lollio , but you must not tell . lollio I be always close to a secret , Sir . alibius the diligence I have find in you ; the care and industry already show , assure I of you good continuance . lollio , I have a wife . isabella ride assuredly around the arena throughout the scene . lollio that be no longer a secret , Sir . she be know to be marry all the town and country over . alibius but my wife be young , lollio . lollio all the worse if she 's keep a secret , Sir . alibius now you be beginning to see the point . I be old , lollio . lollio no , sir. I be old lollio . alibius shrewd application . but there 's the fear , man . I would wear my ring on my own finger , but should it be borrow , it 's no longer mine , but he that use it . lollio then you must keep it on ; if it just lie there someone will thrust into it . lollio thrust he middle finger phallically through the circle create by the thumb and forefinger of he other hand . alibius you understand I , lollio . lollio umm ... alibius but here you watchful eye must find good employment . I can not always be at home . lollio I will try my best . but I can not see who you should be jealous of . pedro and ANTONIO gaze in at isabella as she ride around , then leave frame . alibius I can not allow my daily visitor who come to look upon my brain-sick patient , to see my wife . lollio but if they come to see the mad and the fool then you and I may leave my mistress alone , for she be neither one , nor the other . alibius then you must give they no less than they come for , by this constituent they shall not see she . I be sure my wife be no fool . lollio and I be sure she 's no madman . CUT to : ext . alicante shoreline . - day . franciscus fill the frame as he ride a motorbike frantically scream line from some unknown opera . CUT to : int. asylum . - day . from the balcony above we see pedro carry ANTONIO through the crowded asylum . they be light by a large fire burn in the centre of the ring . alibius and lollio be interrupt by a shout from below . pedro save you , Sir . my business speak for itself . this sight save the labour of the tongue . pedro reach into he smock . alibius yes , yes , it 's plain enough ; you want he to be my patient . pedro throw a small purse up to alibius on the balcony above . pedro his name be Antonio , but we call he tony . lollio tony , to- tony , that 's enough ! what a lovely name for a fool ! what be you name , tony ? ANTONIO ( head bow , and grunt insanely ) very well , thank you . lollio thank you , lift up you head , tony . see ! he laugh ! he 's no animal . inmate finger and stroke the new arrival . pedro but I assure you , Sir , he 's a gentleman . lollio oh , I have no doubt ; I take he for a gentleman ... and still do . pedro be generous , take good care , I beseech you . pedro turn away and walk back across the pit leave ANTONIO behind amongst the inmate . alibius go to you charge , lollio , I will go to mine . lollio you look after you mad , Sir , and I will take care of you fool . alibius you , remember we agreement ! isabella cross the ring now on foot wind she hair round she finger , obviously bored . alibius and lollio leave frame in opposite direction . CUT to : int. castle . - day . music fade in . in the coolness of a room in the castle beatrice sit on a window ledge , with strong sunlight stream in from behind , write a letter rest on the knee of she tear jeans . beatrice ( v/ of ) my dearest friend , I have to see you . my woman will come and bring you to I later today . CUT to : ext . garden of elche . - day . we glimpse jasperino strolling quickly through the undergrowth of the tropical garden . lily float on dark stagnant water . with a ripple , palm tree appear reflect on the surface of the water . beatrice walk on she own through the garden . do flore stand alone and motionless , surround by phallic cacti , appear only as a reflection in the stagnant water . in a secluded spot , hide by palm , beatrice take the letter from she bodice , unfold it and read it to herself , check the content once more , but what we hear be do flore . do flore ( v/ of ) there she be . I might as well be hang as refrain from see she . twenty time a day or more I force errand , frame way and excuse to come into she sight , and with little reason for it , and less encouragement . Movement on the surface of the water cause do flore ' reflect image to gently distort . at no hand can she abide the sight of I , as if danger or ill luck hang in my look . I must confess , my face be bad enough , but I know far worse have better fortune , and not endure along , but dote on . we track and crane up through exotic plant as jasperino appear and surprise beatrice . jasperino yo , sister ! beatrice fitness of time and place be here set down , sir. beatrice carefully slip the letter into jasperino 's hand and leave frame . jasperino the joy I shall return shall reward my service ! jasperino leave as beatrice dance happily back into frame from behind a flower cover bush , and off through the garden . do flore ( of / 's ) though the stone pelt I , I will stand this storm of hail . beatrice 's joy be cut short as do flore step out from behind a tree . she stop dance and walk on . music end . beatrice ( with childish contempt ) you business ! what 's you business , you stagnant toad - pool ! we track with they through palm tree . beatrice ( cont would ) who send you ? what 's you errand ? get out of my sight ! do flore my lord , you father , ask I to deliver you a message . beatrice what again ? do it and be hang then . just get out of my sight ! do flore let beauty stay , but in patience , you shall hear all . beatrice you dally , trifling , torment . you be waste my fuck time ! beatrice swing around and childishly exit frame leave do flore all the more eager to pursue she . music start . we dissolve through to a wide static establisher of the stagnant pond . a canopy of date palm be reflect on the still surface . the cam tilt up to find beatrice enter frame on the far side , soon follow by do flore . do flore ( purposefully pompous ) signor alonso De piracquo , Lady , only brother to tomazo De piracquo ... beatrice stand with she back to do flore , hand on hip . beatrice ( interrupt ) slave , when will you finish ? do flore too soon I shall . the say alonso , and aforesaid piracquo ... have just arrive . beatrice be there no one else to send I this message ? beatrice pick up she skirt and move around do flore to escape from he over some step stone . do flore it seem my luck to be still in the way . beatrice get away from I ! with a series of small leap beatrice disappear across the water and away into the tropical garden . do flore follow with he eye . his distort face reflect in the stagnant pond . do flore ( v/ of ) so , be I not a ass to devise way thus to be raile at ? I must see she still . I shall have a urge within the hour again , I know it ! the water ripple more forcibly , distorting do flore ' reflection completely . do flore ( v/ of cont would ) this foul chop may come into favour one day . music end . CUT to : int . asylum . - day . two inmate bring franciscus through the asylum , pause infront of ANTONIO as they pass by the metal bar of the cage . franciscus Antonio , what be you ...? ANTONIO blow a kiss to he friend and wave as franciscus be carry away . CUT to : ext . castle of santa barbara battlement . - day . beside a tree up on the battlement alonso talk with he brother , tomazo . cam gently crane down as beatrice enter frame turn she head away as alonso take and kiss she hand . vermandero enter and approach alonso . beatrice sit . vermandero you be both welcome , but a special welcome belong to you , Sir , to whose noble name , we love present the addition of a son , we son , alonso . the two man hug . alonso the treasury of honour cannot bring forth a title I so rejoice in ! vermandero you have improve it well . vermandero turn and bend down towards beatrice , take she hand . vermandero ( cont would ) prepare , daughter , the day will steal upon you suddenly . beatrice stand and leave with vermandero . tomazo alonso . alonso brother ? tomazo I see no welcome in she eye . she lie as if with another in you arm , the half - father to you child in the conception . it be not to be think on without suffer . alonso you speak as if she love some other . tomazo do you learn so slowly ? alonso I be safe enough , save you friendship and advice for time of more distress , brother . vermandero and beatrice walk away arm in arm , chat . they stop and kiss . alonso ( cont would ) I should depart a enemy ; a dangerous deadly one , to anyone who think that she know the meaning of inconstancy , much less the use and practice of it . alonso turn to tomazo . alonso ( cont would ) but we be friend . farewell , sweet brother . he take he brother 's face between he hand and kiss he on both cheek . music fade in . alonso ( cont would ) we be bound in heaven to depart lovingly . he kiss he tenderly on the lip , and leave . tomazo why , here be love 's tame madness . thus a man quickly steal into he own vexation . tomazo turn and thoughtfully walk away . CUT to : int . coach house . - day . alsemero and diaphanta wait in the semi-darkness of the coach house . there be a noise outside . diaphanta I hear my lady come ! diaphanta quickly leave . a door at the far end of the building open and beatrice enter , she head bow . she pass a white stallion tethere near the doorway , and approach alsemero who wait in a pool of light stream in from window to the leave of frame . she pause before speak , slowly and clearly , head still bow . beatrice I have within my sight all my desire . request that holy prayer ascend heaven for , come not more sweet to my necessity , than you to my wish . they embrace . alsemero speak over she shoulder as he hold she . in the shadow do flore observe the scene secrete in a open carriage , smoking . alsemero we be so alike in we expression , Lady , that unless I borrow the same word , I shall never find they equal . beatrice how happy this meeting would be , this embrace , if it be free from malice . alsemero take she face in he hand and draw she lip to he . this poor kiss have a enemy , that wish it be poison . do flore exhales . beatrice ( cont would ) how well be I now if there be no such name as piracquo and no such tie as the command of parent ! alsemero one good deed would strike off both you fear . remove the cause , and the command cease ; so there 's two fear blow out with the same blast ! beatrice what do you mean ? what deed ? alsemero the most honourable thing about a man ; alsemero draw he sword and hold it vertically . beatrice step back . alsemero ( cont would ) valour ! I will send a challenge to piracquo immediately ! beatrice what ! you call that extinguish fear , when it 's the only thing to keep it flame ? wo not you be involved in that action ? that 's the only thing I have . say you win , the law would claim you from I , or obscurity be make the grave in which to bury you alive . I be glad this thought surface . cast they from you mind ! beatrice approach alsemero , tenderly place she arm on he shoulder . the stallion move restlessly . she place she arm around he neck . beatrice ( cont would ) the tear would never have dry ' till the dust have choke they . she turn and move away from he , think out loud . beatrice ( cont would ) blood-guiltiness become a fouler visage . and now I think on one , the ugliest creature creation frame for some use . we see do flore exhaling once more . alsemero sheath he sword and attempt to regain beatrice 's attention . alsemero Lady ! beatrice ( to herself ) why , man of art make much of poison , and keep one to expel another . where be my art ? alsemero Lady , can you not hear I ? beatrice ( look up and call ) diaphanta ! diaphanta enter immediately . diaphanta do you call , madam ? beatrice complete you duty and conduct this gentleman the private way you bring he . diaphanta I shall , madam . alsemero my love be as firm as love ever build upon . music end . they hold hand briefly before diaphanta and alsemero leave . beatrice be leave in the middle of the coach house as do flore watch from the side . he take a deep draw on he reefer . beatrice ( to herself ) say I loathe he as much as beauty hate a sepulchre , must I show it ? can not I keep a secret and have my way ? the stallion seem agitate , and move position . CUT to : ext . castle of santa barbara battlement . - day . we hear a roll of thunder and distant gypsy music drift up from the street below . vermandero point out over the city skyline then turn to alonso by he side speak word we can not hear . they then leave frame together . CUT to : int . coach house . - day . do flore take another draw as beatrice see he . beatrice ( disgust ) oh ... De Flores ! do flore Lady . beatrice slowly walk across to where do flore be seat in the carriage . he take another pull on the reefer and blow the smoke into she face . beatrice what have you do to you face lately ? have you meet a good physician ? I think you have preen yourself . I be sure you use not look so handsome . do flore not I . it 's the same face to a scab and pimple you call scurvy only this morning . beatrice come here , man , let I see . beatrice carefully lift do flore ' chin with she middle finger . it 's just a rash . I will make a ointment for you that shall cleanse this within a fortnight . do flore with you own hand , Lady ? beatrice yes , my own , Sir . in a work of cure I will trust to no other . she turn and slowly walk away with she back to do flore . beatrice ( cont would ) when we be use to a hard face , it 's not so unplease ; it get better by the hour . in fact , hardness suit a man 's face ; she turn to face he . beatrice ( cont would ) it argue service , resolution , manhood ; as if it be due to hard work . do flore ( slowly , and lean forward ) I would but wish the honour of a service so happy as that mount to . beatrice we shall try you . do flore if only you know how sweet it would be for I to be employ in any act of yours . beatrice come here , man . do flore I will have the work first . beatrice reach down for a rich blue velvet purse that hang from she waist and lift it up to do flore ' eye . she then drop it onto he open hand . beatrice this be to encourage you , and because you be keen , and you task dangerous , you reward shall be precious . do flore I be assure of that beforehand and know it will be precious . the think ravish ! exit beatrice . CUT to : ext . bull ring . - day . music . this be do flore ' fantasy . beatrice , naked except for bloodstain pants , writhes around in the sand of a bullring , cover in dry blood . horse hoof pound around she , kick up dust in the heat of do flore ' burn sexual ambition . do flore ( cont would ) ( to himself ) oh my blood ! I feel she in my arm already , do flore lift he hand up to he face as if praying . the finger tip be cap with solid silver tip that he click together create a rhythm . this be inter - cut with the bullring . do flore ( cont would ) ... she wanton finger touch and praise this bad face . Hunger and pleasure will sometimes commend dirty dish and feed heartily from they , and what be stranger , refuse daintier for they . some woman be odd feeder ... do flore lower he hand and , from he facial expression and physical motion , we assume he be masturbate . beatrice sit up on she haunch , she hand quickly caress she breast and then move down between she leg , as she arch she back . she then lower a matador ' sword down past she breast and , with she tongue slide up the blade , lick off blood . men on horseback ride dangerously close around she . she turn the sword so that it point downward and gently move the blade through she leg . do flore lurch forward as he climax . liquid drip onto beatrice 's naked stomach . the bull -ring sequence visually introduce the concept of ` beauty and the Beast ' . CUT to : ext. castle . - day . music end . do flore step through a small door set into one of the heavy castle portal . alonso walk brusquely into frame and up to he . alonso ah ! De Flores ! do flore my kind , honourable , Lord ? alonso I be glad I have meet you . do flore Sir ? alonso can you show I the full extent of the castle ? do flore that I can , Sir , and I assure you it will be worth you time and sight , my Lord . alonso I look forward to it . do flore by you lordship 's rise I will have the key about I . alonso ( tapping De Flores three time on the shoulder ) thanks , kind De Flores . alonso leave through the door leave do flore to contemplate the future . the door shut with a clunk . CUT to : int . asylum . - day . with arm stretch through the iron bar from beyond the asylum cage , lollio be feed a inmate , whose bare breast be body - paint with a corset . another inmate tremble and shake with anxiety . isabella approach lollio and follow he around from within of the cage arena . isabella if you keep I in a cage , at least whistle , or let I be do something . lollio I will whistle to you , if you pipe afterwards . isabella be it you master 's pleasure or you own to keep I in this pound ? lollio oh 'twas my master 's pleasure , 'less you be pound in another place . lollio stop and rub he crotch suggestively , then continue walk , as isabella follow within isabella that 's very well , and he will prove very wise . a inmate dive under the skirt of the tall lady . lollio there 's company enough in the house if you wish to be sociable ! lollio stop and put he finger around the bar to the cage . isabella approach he slowly . isabella afford I then the pleasure of you bedlam . what about you most recent lunatic ? pray , Sir , let I partake if there be such a pleasure . a inmate throw a handful of dust from the floor of the pit at the light stream in from one of the window , then cling to the bar . lollio oh , if I do not show you the handsomest , discreetest madman , then you may call I a fool ! isabella walk off leave lollio laugh mischievously as he cling to the iron bar . CUT to : ext . alicante skyline . - day . we see the modern day port and city of alicante from high up on the castle battlement . a bell toll . CUT to : ext . castle of santa barbara battlement . - day . beatrice stand with she back to cam look out across the city , over the stone battlement . her beautiful dress flap in the strong wind . vermandero look down from a cage window high up in the castle wall . bird fill the sky . alonso and do flore approach the foot of a ruin tower and enter . CUT to : int . castle . - day . from he vantage point at the window vermandero watch the action below . CUT to : int . tower stairway . - day . alonso and do flore reach a landing half way up the stone step of the tower and remove they sword in order to move more easily in the confine space ahead . do flore lead on . CUT to : int . tower . - day . the cam glide gently across the wooden floor of the small round room in the tower . the space be dark except for daylight come in through the arrow - slit window around the edge . in the foreground there be a large ornately decorate casket . as a stark contrast to the dove see at the beginning of the film , now mangy look pigeon sit on the window sill and floor preen themselves . with a loud crash the trap door entrance to the tower fall open throw up a large cloud of dust as it hit the floor . pigeon scatter . do flore poke he head up through the hatch . a frighten bird fly out of a window , other twitch around nervously across the floor . we hear a funereal drum beat . a black panther sit unseen in the shadow watch . do flore be follow up into the tower by alonso . do flore ( point outside ) all this be nothing . you will see shortly a place you never dream of . alonso ( look down out of the window ) I be glad of this leisure . all you master 's house imagine I be explore the city . we see alonso 's Pov of the old city below . back to scene Inside the tower do flore lead alonso across to another window . do flore all but myself , Sir . my lord , I will place you a casement here that will show you the full strength of the castle . look out there . music . alonso lean forward to see out as do flore step behind he and draw a dagger that have be conceal under a sash around he waist . alonso it 's magnificent , De Flores . the dagger that do flore hold behind he back glint in the light . as he talk do flore raise he hand to strike . do flore yes , Sir . keep you eye straight , my Lord , take special notice of that battlement in front of you . alonso I be upon it . do flore so be I ! do flore sink the blade deep into alonso 's back . with a cry alonso fall back . pigeon flee from the window . blood hit the stone wall . we see the shadow of the dagger strike alonso again and again . we glimpse beatrice in a black and blood -re dress , run and laugh mischievously through a lemon grove . alonso De Flores ! oh ... alonso turn to face do flore who thrust the blade up into he stomach once again . he look up at do flore in disbelief . oh , De Flores ! whose malice have you put on ? in the panic to fly out of a slit window a pigeon get stick and fall . beatrice run , laugh . blood dribble down the wall . do flore hold the handle to the dagger that be embed in he victim and lean forward as alonso slide down the wall into a seat position . he then let go of the dagger leave it bury up to its hilt in alonso 's chest , who raise he hand in vain to pull it out . we watch as alonso 's hand fall to the floor wear a gold ring , set with a large blood - red stone . CUT to : ext . alicante . - day . through a fringe of palm we look up at the tower high on the castle above . CUT to : ext . battlement . - day . in warm sunlight beatrice walk slowly along the length of battlement and look over the edge , knowingly . cut to : int . castle . - day . look down from he vantage point in the castle vermandero rub he beard with a disturb and worried expression . music end . CUT to : int . asylum . - day . isabella stand in the arena as mad run around she , some wave burn torch . franciscus approach she , feign madness . franciscus oh , how sweet she look ! oh , but there 's a wrinkle in she brow as deep as philosophy itself . drink to my mistress ' health , I will pledge it . ( grab he own forearm ) stay ! stay ! isabella oh dear , it 's too pitiful to be laugh at . lollio stand beside they listen with amusement . franciscus luna be now big-belly , and there 's room for both of we to ride with hecate . we will tear they wolvish skin and save the sheep ! franciscus grab lollio around the neck . a inmate walk through frame bashing a baby doll 's head with she fist . lollio fight back produce a dagger and hold it to franciscus ' throat . lollio so , it 's come to this , have it ? then bring forth my poison again , mad knave , abuse you keeper so ! isabella get rid of he . now he prove dangerous . two inmate grab franciscus by the arm and restrain he . we see a inmate with a serpent entwine around he body . franciscus sweet love , pity I . give I leave to lie with thee . lollio not ' till you get wiser first ! go to you kennel ! the two inmate drag franciscus away . franciscus shhh , make no noise ... draw the curtain round ... lollio now mistress , let I show you another sort . let you be fool again . bring in tony ! ANTONIO be bring in by two inmate . lollio grab he by the scruff of he neck . ANTONIO ha , ha , ha , ha . lollio fear he not , mistress , he 's but a gentle fool , you may play with he as safely as with he tassel ! lollio grab ANTONIO by he testicles and squeeze , laugh bawdily . CUT to : ext . castle of santa barbara battlement . - day . tomazo lean against the battlement wall , where he last see he brother , look out to sea . music . CUT to : int . castle hall . - day . vermandero guide alsemero and jasperino through the castle show they around . a dog sit tethere at the far end of the hall . vermandero Valencia speak so nobly of you , Sir , I wish I have a daughter for you . beatrice enter slowly , some distance behind the other . alsemero ( refer back to beatrice ) the fellow of this creature would be a partner in a king 's love . beatrice kneel down and stroke the dog . the other leave up and past cam . vermandero ( of / 's ) come , Sir , you friend and you shall see the pleasure which my health chiefly enjoy . alsemero ( of / 's ) I hear about the beauty of this castle wherever I go . vermandero ( of / 's ) it fall very short of that , sir. beatrice watch the other leave , then look down to the dog , thoughtfully . CUT to : int . tower . - day . we hear a flap of wing . pigeon sit on the window ledge . a beam of light fall onto the side of the casket , lighting in its path a couple of pigeon on the tower floor . CUT to : ext . battlement . - day . tomazo stand alone out on a battlement , with the deep blue Mediterranean stretch out beyond he . we hear alonso 's echoey voice from earlier . alonso ( v/ of ) we be bound in heaven to depart lovingly . ( kiss ) CUT to : int . tower . - day . we see a c/u of the casket . it appear to be decompose . the design on the facia bubbles and fizze mysteriously . CUT to : int . hall . - day . beatrice walk slowly up the torch - light hall , a prayer book clasped between she hand . to she surprise do flore appear from behind a pillar to one side , block she way . music end beatrice De Flores ! do flore Lady ? beatrice you look promise cheerfully . do flore piracquo be no more . I have a token for you . beatrice for I ? do flore hand beatrice a parcel of cloth which she unwrap . do flore it be send somewhat unwillingly ; beatrice be shocked to find a severe finger within the bloodstain cloth . the phallic image echoing the horror of the murder , and force beatrice to confront the physical reality of the crime she have not troubled to envisage . the ring simultaneously suggest not only beatrice 's engagement vow to alonso and De Flores ' sexual intention , but also recalling lollio 's thrust gesture whilst discuss the subject of wedding ring with alibius earlier in the film . thus the past ( the murder ) , the present ( De Flores ' sexual intention ) and the future ( the relationship between beatrice and De Flores ) be advert . do flore ( cont would ) I could not get the ring without the finger . beatrice bless I ! she drop she prayer book which land in the dirt by she foot . beatrice ( cont would ) what have you do ? do flore why , be that worse than kill the whole man ? a greedy hand thrust in a dish at court by mistake have have as much as this . we dissolve briefly through to a bullring in the afternoon heat . the matador stand , sword behind back , tempting the blood cover bull to charge . the bullfight reflect the battle of wit take place between beatrice and do flore . beatrice it 's the first token my father make I send to he . do flore and I make he send it back again , as he last token . we cut away to the scene of the murder . do flore lift up alonso 's hand and try to pull the ring from it . find it stick , he try to free the ring with masturbatory jerk . the dagger in alonso 's chest move with the rhythm . do flore fail to remove the ring and drop the hand to the floor . do flore ( v/ of cont would ) I be loathe to leave it , and I be sure dead man have no need of jewel . he be as loathe to part with it , for it stick as if the flesh and it ... back to scene do flore ( cont would ) ... be one substance . in a flash we see the dagger pull from alonso 's chest . beatrice yes , at the stag 's fall the keeper have he fee . we cut away to do flore prepare to amputate alonso 's finger which he have laid out use the casket top as a chopping block . beatrice ( cont would ) all dead men' fee be yours , sir. please , back to scene beatrice ( cont would ) ... bury the finger , but keep the stone , we dissolve briefly through to the bullring as the matador sweep he cape around the charge bull , and arrogantly walk away . beatrice ( cont would ) ... it 's true value , take it from I , be near three hundred ducat . do flore well , that would hardly buy protection for one 's conscience , fine though it be ! we cut away to see do flore sever the finger with one blow . it fall to the floor cover in blood . music fade in . do flore ( of /s cont would ) but , be my fee , I will take it . great man have teach I that . beatrice you be mistaken , De Flores ! it be not give as recompense ! do flore I hope not , Lady , we cut away to do flore place the body of alonso into the casket . he throw alonso 's feathered hat on top of the body and then slam the casket lid shut . Dust blow out from the lid . do flore ( of /s cont would ) you would soon witness my contempt for it then ! beatrice ( o/ ) you look as if you be offended . back to scene do flore that 's strange , Lady , offended ? could you think so ? consider what I have do , how can you offend I ? beatrice it 's resolve then . beatrice reach for the jewel encrust cross which hang around she neck , remove it and hand it across to do flore , who do not take it . beatrice ( cont would ) here , take this , it be of great value . you have do well ! do flore what ! salary ? be anything value too precious for my recompense ? we briefly dissolve through to the matador teasing the blood -drench bull . beatrice I do not understand . do flore I could have hire a assassin at this rate , and my conscience might have sleep at ease and have the work bring home . brief dissolve through to the bullfight . beatrice I will double you sum , Sir . do flore you double my vexation , that 's the good you do . beatrice for my fear 's sake , please make away with all speed possible , brief dissolve through to a c/u of the bull 's blood - drench flank . beatrice ( cont would ) and if you be so modest not to name a sum that will content you , paper blushes not . again we dissolve through to the die bull . beatrice ( cont would ) send you demand in write and it shall follow you , but please leave now ! do flore you must leave too , then . beatrice I ? do flore I will not budge otherwise . beatrice what do you mean ? do flore why , be you not as guilty and , I be sure , as deep as I ? we dissolve briefly through to the matador as he plunge the sword up to the hilt in the bull 's neck . do flore ( cont would ) we must stick together . come , my absence would draw suspicion on you instantly . there would be no escape . beatrice this show not well . do flore you be to blame for it . I have ease you of you trouble , remember , I be in pain and you must ease I . ' tis a charity , in a quick dissolve we see the bloody bull turn in agony . do flore ( cont would ) justice invite you blood to understand I . beatrice I dare not ! do flore Soft , Lady , soft . the last be not yet pay for . oh , this act have put I into spirit . again the matador sink he blade into the agonize bull . do flore ( cont would ) I be greedy for it as the parched earth for moisture , when the cloud weep . do you not see how I throw myself into it , begge , would have kneele for it ? why be all that pain take ? we see the bull staggering , about to fall . beatrice you can not be so wick , or shelter such cun cruelty , as to make he death the murderer of my honour . you language be so bold and vicious , I can not see how I can forgive it with any modesty . do flore hah ! you forget yourself ! a woman dip in blood , and talk of modesty ! you be the deed 's creature and one with I . beatrice with you , foul villain ? do flore yes , my fair murderess ! beatrice De Flores ! hear I once and for all . I will make you master of all the wealth I have in gold and jewel . let I go poor to my bed of honour , and I will be rich in all thing . music end . the matador stand back admire he handywork as the bull begin to fall . do flore ( v/ of ) let this silence you . the wealth of all Valencia could not buy my pleasure from you . do flore take beatrice by the hand and lead she away . with a awesome , echoing cry the bull fall to the ground , die in agony . CUT to : ext . alicante . - day . we pull focus from palm in the foreground up to the tower high up above on the castle wall . music fade in . CUT to : ext . battlement . - day . do flore wait patiently as beatrice move hesitatingly towards he along the battlement . he then lead she to the entrance at the base of the tower . CUT to : ext . battlement . - day . the ghost of alonso materialize out of nowhere under a tree on the battlement , stare towards the tower . CUT to : int . tower stairway . - day . do flore wait on the landing as beatrice timidly make she way up the stone step of the tower , sobbing . beatrice ( v/ of ) Vengeance begin . murder , I see , be follow by more sin . be my creation in the womb so curse , it must engender with a viper first ? do flore patiently show the way up . CUT to : int . tower . - day . at a low angle the cam move slowly away from the casket in which alonso 's body be hide and across to the hatch through which do flore poke he head . the trap door land back on the floor with a bang , throw up a cloud of dust . pigeon fly to safety . do flore stare down towards beatrice below . the cam move around once more to see the casket across the room . beatrice stumble up wooden step and through the hatch into the room , sobbing . do flore take she hand and lead she across to the casket and sit she on it . he then step behind clear she hair from she back and clumsily start undoing she corset . the black panther observe from the darkness . CUT to : ext . battlement . - day . the ghost of alonso appear out of nowhere once again , crouching under tree on the battlement . he then fade from view . CUT to : int . tower . - day . pigeon wander across the wooden floor of the tower , other preen themselves . do flore stand behind beatrice as she sob look down at the defecate pigeon at she foot . do flore ( v/ of ) come , rise , and shroud you blushes in my bosom . silence be one of pleasure 's best receipt . you peace be buy forever in this yield . you will love anon what you so fear , and dare not venture on . music change tempo . blood ooze from the grout in the wall of the tower and dribble to the floor . beatrice be lie on the lid of the casket . do flore pull she bodice from she breast and feel he way down to she skirt , which he throw roughly up and out of he way . blood dribble down the wall . do flore ' hand glide up beatrice 's leg , across a tattooe crucifix . the blood stream down the wall . beatrice cover she face in shame , sobbing . the shadow of a dagger be thrust be cast on the blood stain wall . do flore ' hand move down the naked flesh of beatrice 's thigh to she knee . more blood ooze from the wall . again do flore caress she flesh . he slowly remove she underwear as she writhes on the casket bare breast . choir sing . he rummages within she skirt as more blood dribble from the stone wall . the richness of beatrice 's garment be like a ornate tablecloth , underneath which lie the freshly slaughter corpse of she husband to be . beatrice become the fill in a grotesque carnal sandwich between alonso and De Flores . the analogy to food and sexual appetite within the play be well know . the image of butchery cast as shadow on the stone wall of the phallic tower , relate to alonso 's murder , serve as a reminder of the slaughter - house which human carnivore wish to forget as they devour they meat . the blood that dribble down the wall not only allude to beatrice 's lose virginity , but flow like red wine . a small feather be carry past beatrice 's discard pants by a breeze . do flore now pound relentlessly . her skirt move to the rhythm . the pain show on beatrice 's wretch face . the shadowy knife strike again and again . the cam move slowly down from do flore ' strain face past beatrice 's tear drench cheek - bone to she outstretch hand which clutches the jewel encrust crucifix . the casket lid creek with the movement . beatrice 's hand slowly open due to the pound motion and the cross drop to the floor . in a flash - back we see do flore swipe the dagger down as he sever the finger . blood spurt onto the wall . we see beatrice 's crucifix lie on the floor next to she discard pants . the cam tilt gently up the side of the casket , past the blood stain leave when do flore use the box as a chopping block , and up to beatrice 's face . CUT to : ext . festival do Christian os y moros . - day . in a nightmare - like sequence the haunt image of the dome and tower of alcoy Cathedral shake due to the use of super - 8 footage . down below armour-clad and hood soldier fire musket as beatrice shield she face and ear from the deafen blast . we see flash of beatrice on the casket as she be deflower . again she reel from the explode musket around she . she run terrify through the mayhem as more and more blast of gunpowder fill the air . CUT to : int . tower . - day . beatrice let out a sigh of relief as she lie still on the casket , a stream of tear down she face . music end . fading up we hear : poet ( v/ of ) the fuck cop be fuck keen , to fuck keep it fuck clean , CUT to : int . asylum dungeon . - day . somewhere in the asylum JOHN cooper clarke stand hold a flame torch . poet ( cont would ) ... the fuck chief 's a fuck swine , who fuck draw the fuck line , at fuck fun and fuck game , the fuck kid he fuck blame , be no where to be fuck find , anywhere in Chicken town , dissolve to : ext . asylum . - day . the cam tilt down the outside wall to the asylum come to rest on one of the semi - circular bar window . poet ( of /s cont would ) the fuck train be fuck late , you fuck wait and fuck wait , fuck lose , fuck find , stick in fuck Chicken town , CUT to : int . asylum . - day . lollio , isabella and ANTONIO , surround by inmate , look upwards , they attention grab by a commotion above . poet ( of /s cont would ) the fuck place be fuck sad , the fuck news be fuck bad , CUT to : int . asylum dungeon . - day we cut back to the poet in vision . poet ( cont would ) the fuck weed be fuck turf , the fuck speed be fuck surf , the fuck joke be fuck daft , do not make I fuck laugh , it fuck hurt to look around , anywhere in Chicken town , CUT to : int . asylum . - day . on the pit floor a dog bark at a couple copulate on a bed of nail . CUT to : int . asylum dungeon . - day we cut back to the poet in vision . poet ( cont would ) ... fuck find , stick in fuck Chicken town ... CUT to : int . asylum . - day . ANTONIO stand close - by as lollio and isabella stare upwards . a inmate walk through frame ( now ) stroking she plastic baby . isabella you scholar in the upper room be out of order . lollio you keep the fool , mistress , I will calm they down . lollio leave , push a inmate brusquely out of he way . isabella turn to ANTONIO . isabella very well . CUT to : int . asylum dungeon . - day we cut back to the poet in vision . poet the fuck train be fuck late , you fuck wait and fuck wait , fuck lose , fuck find , stick in fuck Chicken town ... CUT to : int . asylum . - day . the copulate inmate climax on they bed of nail as the dog bark at they to stop . CUT to : int . asylum dungeon . - day once more , we CUT to the poet in vision . poet ( cont would ) a fuck bloke get fuck stab , wait for a fuck kebab , you fuck stay at fuck home , the fuck neighbour fuck moan : ' keep the fuck racket down ! anywhere in Chicken town ... ' CUT to : int . asylum . - day . meanwhile , in amongst the other inmate , ANTONIO drop he disguise of feign madness and talk quickly and frankly to isabella . ANTONIO now 's we chance , sweet Lady ! no , do not be shocked by this transformation ! this foolish disguise shroud you dearest love , the truest servant to you powerful beauty , whose magic have this force thus to transform I ! we see lollio walk along above the arena . he stop to look down and listen . isabella ( of / 's ) oh , a forward fool ! ANTONIO ( take she arm and kissing it ) there 's no danger in I . I bring nought but love , and he soft wound shaft to strike you with . they kiss as lollio lick he finger obscenely up above , and then march they off along the balustrade . ANTONIO ( cont would ) take no notice of this outward folly , there be within a gentleman that love you . isabella oh , when I see he I will speak with he , so in the meantime , stay mad , it suit you well enough . as you be a gentleman , I will not report you , that 's all the favour you can expect ! ANTONIO feign madness once again as lollio wander back into the arena . ANTONIO ah , ah , I thank you cousin , I will be you valentine tomorrow morning . lollio ( grab ANTONIO by the hair ) how do 'st thou like the fool , mistress ? isabella pass well , sir. lollio be he not witty enough ? isabella if he finish as he begin he be likely to come to something . lollio oh , how I wish my master be here . alibius step in from the shadow beyond the metal cage and look in at lollio and isabella suspiciously . lollio ( cont would ) it 's too much for one shepherd to govern two flock . CUT to : ext . alicante . - day . through shoreline palm we look up at the castle . music fade in . CUT to : ext . battlement . - day . beatrice stumble slowly along the battlement , cling to the stone wall for support . the ghost of alonso materialize out of nowhere with a ghastly groan . beatrice reach a vantage point on the battlement and crouch down . the ghost be now up a tree nearby and jerk he head round to look . beatrice insert she forefingers into she mouth in a unsuccessful attempt to make herself vomit ( analogy to food and oral sex ) . the ghost reel with disdain . that she be unable to empty she stomach accentuate the horror that do flore be now inside she mind and body and there be to be no escape in the live world . CUT to : int . / ext . b&w hand -held montage . - day . music change tempo . beatrice be push through a hotel room door by do flore . she be wear tear jeans and a period bodice . she desperately try to get out through a balcony door . CUT to : hooded men carry a crucifix through the street . CUT to : alsemero approach beatrice and kiss she . CUT to : beatrice struggle with the door handle in the hotel room . CUT to : the cam rotate around as beatrice bury she happy face in alsemero 's embrace . CUT to : manacle feet drag heavy chain through the street . CUT to : do flore grab beatrice by the hair and pull she back . CUT to : beatrice and alsemero kiss . CUT to : beatrice grab desperately onto some net curtain . CUT to : alsemero and beatrice kiss . CUT to : beatrice be pull out of frame tear the curtain from the rail . CUT to : the cam move around alsemero and beatrice as they laugh together playfully . CUT to : in the street a procession of women dress in black progress slowly along . CUT to : alsemero and beatrice come together open-mouthed . CUT to : beatrice be throw onto the hotel room bed , the net curtain on top of she , like a wedding veil . CUT to : a group of hooded men pass by . CUT to : in colour we see vermandero , alsemero , do flore and beatrice on board a luxury motor launch head out to sea with the city of alicante and castle clearly visible behind they . alsemero point ahead . CUT to : we see flash of do flore ' face as beatrice struggle with the curtain . CUT to : a hooded man stare threateningly straight at we . CUT to : over more shot of beatrice , do flore and alsemero , we see superimposed footage of beatrice walk through a olive grove . CUT to : in colour we see alonso sit on a crowded beach run sand through he hand thoughtfully . CUT to : alsemero and beatrice kiss . CUT to : beatrice struggle . CUT to : the women dress in black proceed slowly up the street . CUT to : beatrice struggle . CUT to : alsemero fall playfully back into the sea . CUT to : a crucifix fill the frame . feet drag chain along the street . CUT to : as the superimposed image of beatrice walk on through the olive grove , do flore be on top of she in the hotel room , gag she scream with he hand . CUT to : beatrice and alsemero play in the sea together . CUT to : chain scrape along the street . CUT to : do flore ' face fill the screen as he thrust himself on beatrice . CUT to : the motor launch plough on with alsemero at the helm . CUT to : a large crucifix be carry through the street by a hooded man . CUT to : beatrice stand on the very edge of the battlement look down at the house far below . CUT to : alsemero and beatrice laugh and play beside the sea . CUT to : do flore and beatrice sit side by side in the motor launch . CUT to : do flore ' face fill the screen as he thrust . CUT to : almond blossom be superimpose over beatrice 's tear stain face . CUT to : beatrice desperately reach out for a telephone beside she as do flore pound she relentlessly . CUT to : beatrice walk through a almond grove and speak to cam through the blossom : beatrice it be do for you sake ... CUT to : do flore ' face fill the screen . CUT to : alsemero and beatrice laugh together on board the motor launch . CUT to : beatrice fumble in vain with the telephone . CUT to : ghostly image of hooded men pass by . CUT to : beatrice gaze down with a resign look on she mascara-stained face . CUT to : beatrice scream in agony until do flore muffle she mouth with he hand . CUT to : on the motor launch the cam pan from do flore , across beatrice , to alsemero . CUT to : beatrice struggle in vain . CUT to : almond blossom fill the screen . music end . fade to black . ext . plaza santa maria . - day . picture cut in : the two tower of the church fill the screen , behind they we see the castle high above . music fade in . tomazo stride up and down smoking a cigarette outside the close door of the church . CUT to : int . church of santa maria . - day . the cam tilt down from the ornate gold carving on the ceiling and track up the aisle behind vermandero and beatrice as they move through the assemble congregation . alsemero wait with jasperino at he side at the altar . as vermandero turn to go to he pew the priest enter . do flore stand directly behind vermandero . CUT to : ext . church of santa maria . - day . tomazo stub out he cigarette and look towards the church door . CUT to : int . church . - day . in c/u alsemero lift beatrice 's glove hand and place the wedding ring on she finger . vermandero can sense do flore behind and turn to look at he . CUT to : in a flash we see beatrice sit astride do flore make love . she groan with pleasure . CUT to : alsemero lift beatrice 's wedding veil from she face and kiss she tenderly . CUT to : ext . church . - day . the ghost of alonso hang crucify on the church door . we hear a baby cry . CUT to : int . church of santa maria . - day . the kiss end . alsemero and beatrice smile at each other lovingly . CUT to : beatrice sit astride do flore groan with pleasure , she head throw back . CUT to : the congregation look on . the priest close he prayer book and leave frame as alsemero and beatrice turn to walk back down the aisle . CUT to : do flore and beatrice groan loudly as they climax , hand caress she body . CUT to : beatrice look lovingly up at alsemero as they proceed hand in hand down the aisle . CUT to : ext . church of santa maria . - day . Beyond the bell - tower of the church we see the the castle look - out tower . CUT to : int . asylum . - day . franciscus sit on he own in the asylum compose a letter , which he write down . franciscus ( review what he have write ) tread he not under foot that should appear a honour to you bounty ... tread he not under foot that should appear a honour to you bounty . I remain ... mad , ' till I speak with you , from whom I expect my cure , yours all , ( now write ) or one beside himself , franciscus . yes ! CUT to : ext . castle gate . - day . a pink stretch -beetle pull in through the castle gate carry wedding guest . this be follow by outrider and the stretch - limo , and finally , by a horse - draw carriage contain alsemero and beatrice . CUT to : ext . castle courtyard . - day . wedding guest and vermandero , jasperino , diaphanta and do flore wait together outside expression - less as alsemero carry beatrice laugh with happiness towards they . on see the look on do flore ' face the laughter cease . beatrice hide she face in shame as alsemero and do flore confront each other . the wedding guest then burst out laugh . CUT to : int . asylum . - day . music fade . lollio stand read a letter as inmate wander around . franciscus gallop past on a imaginary horse . lollio ( read aloud ) sweet Lady , have now cast this counterfeit cover of a madman , I appeal to you best judgement as a true and faithful lover of you beauty . on hearing he letter be read out franciscus stop and stand beside lollio . franciscus ( to himself ) ah , what 's that ? I be discover to the fool . lollio your all , or one beside himself , franciscus . lollio crumple the letter in he hand . franciscus what , do you read , sirah ? lollio you destiny , Sir . you could hang for such a trick . franciscus Art thou not council with thy mistress ? lollio laugh contemptuously . franciscus ( cont would ) give I thy hand . lollio be it a true hand , Sir ? I partly fear it , for I think it do 'st lie . franciscus not a syllable . I love you mistress . CUT to : int . castle hall . - day . music . the wedding reception be in full swing . alibius and isabella be among the guest that form a circle within which beatrice be see dance around alsemero , who swig occasionally from a beer bottle . flowers be be throw onto the newly - wed . vermandero watch thoughtfully . the guest become a blur as beatrice dance in circle around the room . among they do flore look on , eat a white flower . we hear De Flores ' word from earlier echoing around the room : do flore ( v/ of ) why , be you not as guilty , and I be sure , as deep as I ? be my fee I will take it ... do flore ' eye be superimposed over the dance footage . diaphanta throw flower into the circle aim they at alsemero . do flore ( v/ of cont would ) we should stick together ... a greedy hand thrust in a dish at court by mistake have have as much as this ... tomazo wander amongst the guest search for a clue as to he brother 's whereabouts . deflore ( v/ of cont would ) be anything value to precious for my recompense ...? my absence would draw suspicion on you instantly ... piracquo be no more ... there would be no escape ... misery in she most sharp condition ... do flore ' eye again appear superimposed over the footage of beatrice dance . she turn and briefly see do flore as he take a bite at another white flower . do flore ( v/ of cont would ) consider what I have do how could you offend I ...? what make you lip so strange ...? with each turn beatrice see do flore glaring at she . the joy she show earlier quickly evaporate . vermandero look on knowingly , then lower he head . do flore ( v/ of cont would ) why , be you not as guilty , and I be sure as deep as I ...? the music become a mush of doom - laden , echoing , drum beat . tomazo observe as beatrice hide she face in shame and then run out of the hall . vermandero look across to do flore . CUT to : int . alsemero' room . - day . we hear distant music . beatrice burst into the small room and slam the door shut . she turn and lean back against it with a sigh of momentary relief follow by a look of despair . she then put she hand on she stomach , caress it . she be wear she wedding ring . beatrice ( v/ of ) this fellow have undone I endlessly , never be a bride so fearfully distress . the more I think upon this ensue night , and whom I be to cope with in embrace , the more I dive into my own distress . beatrice look over to a bed across the room on which there lie a small box , similar to a scale down replica of the casket in the tower . beatrice ( cont would ) there be no venture into he bed , whatever course I take . beatrice move slowly across the room to the bed . she pick up a bottle of pill from beside the box , and hold they tightly in she hand , turn to sit on the side of the bed . she open the box which contain more bottle of potion , and lift a few out to examine . one bottle have the letter ' m ' inscribe on it . beatrice then notice a large book which lie face down and open on the bed . she lift it up and read aloud : beatrice ( cont would ) " how to know whether a woman be with child or not . give she two spoonfuls of the white water in glass ' C ' . " music end . CUT to : ext . battlement . - day . under the shade of a tree vermandero stand beside do flore on the battlement with he arm fold . vermandero I tell you , knave , my honour be in question . something till now , free from suspicion , nor ever be there cause . who of my gentleman be absent ? tell I truly , how many and who ? do flore Antonio , Sir , and franciscus . vermandero when do they leave the castle ? do flore some week ago , Sir . one intend to go to briamata , and the other to Valencia . vermandero the timing accuse they . a charge of murder will be bring within my castle gate , piracquo 's murder . do flore move uncomfortably . vermandero ( cont would ) I can not account for they absence . a warrant of arrest will be issue , and either wipe the stain off clear , or openly uncover it . go to it ! do flore leave as vermandero sit under the tree to ponder . CUT to : int . alsemero' room . - day . beatrice continue read aloud from the large book on she lap : beatrice " how to know whether a woman be a virgin or not . " beatrice look up from the book . we cut away to a shot of jasperino hold bottle ' m ' in he hand . beatrice ( v/ of cont would ) if this should be apply , what should become of I ? beatrice look down to read on . we cut away to a scene in which jasperino look on as alsemero ask beatrice to sample the potion in bottle ' m ' . beatrice ( v/ of cont would ) " give the party you suspect the quantity of a spoonful of the water in bottle ' m ' , which upon she that be a virgin make she hysterical . otherside , nothing . there be a noise outside the room and beatrice quickly put down the book and stand . diaphanta burst in . diaphanta ( 59 . 50 , 14 ) madam , why be you in here ? beatrice ( sternly ) I come in here , wench , to look for my lord . diaphanta why , he 's with the guest . beatrice there let he be ! diaphanta cross the room and sit on the bed . diaphanta it be ever the bride 's fashion , towards bedtime , to set light by she joy . beatrice her joy ? you mean she fear ! diaphanta fear of what ? beatrice turn away and walk towards the window with she back to diaphanta . beatrice I will give ... a thousand ducat ... she turn to face diaphanta . beatrice ( cont would ) ...to the woman who will try what I fear and tell I true , tomorrow , when she arise , if it be bearable . diaphanta be you serious ? beatrice you get the woman , then challenge I , and see if I fly from it . diaphanta move as if to leave immediately . beatrice ( cont would ) but I must tell you , she must be a true virgin or else there be no trial . CUT to : ext . battlement . - day . vermandero sit under the tree contemplate as tomazo jump down the battlement step and run up to he shouting accusingly . tomazo I claim a brother from you ! vermandero ( stand , look at he with contempt ) you be drunk , Sir , do not seek he here ! tomazo yes , amongst you dearest , if my peace find no fairer satisfaction ! this be the place that must account for he , for here I leave he , and the hasty tie of this snatch marriage give strong testimony of he most certain murder ! vermandero certain falsehood ! this be the place indeed ! his breach of faith have too much marre both my abuse love , the honourable love I reserve for he , and mock my daughter 's joy . the prepare morning blush at he infidelity . he leave contempt and scorn to throw upon that friend whose belief hurt they . it be most ignoble of he to make he break , so unexpectedly , and throw such public wrong on that he love . tomazo then this be all you can say ? vermandero it be too fair for one of he alliance ! ( step forward ) and I warn you , that this place may no more see you ! vermandero storm off , leave tomazo alone on the battlement . CUT to : int . alsemero' room . - day . music fade in . diaphanta walk to beside beatrice who stand with she back to the window , and speak softly . diaphanta would you resign you first night 's pleasure , and give money too ? beatrice as willingly as I live ! diaphanta I have a good mind to earn you money myself . beatrice you be too quick , I fear , to be a virgin ! diaphanta what ! not a virgin ! madam , you honourable self be not truer , with all you fear upon you . beatrice I be glad to hear it . then do you dare put you honesty to a easy trial ? CUT to : ext . battlement . - day . alsemero 's sword and buckle jangle as he walk quickly down the stone step of the battlement . CUT to : int . alsemero' room . - day . we hear a ghostly sigh as beatrice open the small box of potion and lift out bottle m . she turn to diaphanta . beatrice take no more than I do . sitting back down on the side of the bed she take a sip from the bottle and then hand it to diaphanta who also drink from it . we cut away to the scene where alsemero and jasperino watch beatrice as she drink the potion . CUT to : alsemero ( whisper to jasperino ) it never fail with a virgin . back to scene . beatrice watch without expression as diaphanta start to sneeze uncontrollably . diaphanta then begin to laugh hysterically . we inter - cut between diaphanta laugh and alsemero and jasperino as they watch beatrice mimic she may 's laughter . we hear alsemero 's mock laughter . music end . CUT to : ext . battlement . - day . alsemero meet tomazo on the battlement , walk up to he with false politeness and walk around he in circle . tomazo sir. alsemero you be most welcome . tomazo you can take that back . I do not think I be , or wish to be . alsemero it 's strange you find you way to this castle , then . tomazo I wish I have never have to . I have not come here to give you joy and swill you wine . it be a more precious liquor that must quench the fiery thirst I bring . alsemero ( laugh ) this be not like you . tomazo time and we sword may make we more acquainted . CUT to : int . alsemero' room . - day . beatrice look on as diaphanta recover from the effect of the potion and sit down on a chair in the corner of the room . CUT to : ext . battlement . - day . tomazo confront alsemero . tomazo this be the business ; I should have a brother in you place . how treachery and malice have dispose of he , I must ask the person who take he place , which could never have come fairly ! alsemero ( draw he dagger and place it down ) you will apologize for that , Sir . tomazo fear you not , I will have it ready draw at we next meeting . enjoy you wedding day . farewell , I disturb it not . I will bear the pain patiently for a while . tomazo leave as alsemero shake he head incredulously . CUT to : int . alsemero' room . - day . music fade in . diaphanta lean forward mischievously . diaphanta please , one more swig , sweet madam . beatrice ( unamuse ) yes , tomorrow , wench ! come , my honest , diaphanta , we must devise a plan . diaphanta I shall execute it well , for I love the burden ! beatrice around midnight , you must not fail to steal forth gently , so I may take you place . diaphanta fear I not , madam , I shall be cool by then . ( stand ) the bride 's place , and with a thousand ducat ! diaphanta leave the room and shut the door . beatrice close she eye , she mind in turmoil . she then look down at the box of potion beside she . CUT to : int . tower . - day . we hear threaten drum beat . the casket contain alonso 's corpse seem to bubble and fester . we see a c/ u of the blood stain where the finger be severe . the decompose casket then dissolves between image of bleed mannequin . trickles of blood dribble down the mannequin ' leg as the casket rot into a yellow slime . music end . CUT to : int . asylum . - night . a child cycle around the exterior of the asylum cage ringing a bell . within the mayhem continue . ANTONIO try to get away from isabella who be wear the disguise of a weird moustach man . she be on stilt that make she just taller than ANTONIO . ANTONIO please , let I be ! isabella come up to ANTONIO and stand behind he , talk over he shoulder . inmate look on . isabella ( she voice treat so that it be lower in pitch ) Art thou not drown ? about thy head I see a heap of cloud wrap like a turkish turban . on thy back a crooked chameleon coloured rainbow hang , like a tiara . down unto thy ham let I suck the billow in thy belly . hark ! how they roar and rumble in the strait ! isabella grab ANTONIO from behind and thrust herself at he continuously like a copulate animal . isabella ( cont would ) stay in the moon with I and we will ride that wild rebellious wave , that would have drown we love ! ANTONIO break away from she , but she follow he across the arena . ANTONIO touch I again and I will kick you ! you wild unshapen freak ! I be no fool , you idiot ! isabella oh , but you be , as sure as I be mad ! have I put on this habit of a frantic , with love so wild with fury to beguile the nimble eye of watchful jealousy , and ... isabella remove she false moustache and she voice return to normal . isabella ( cont would ) ... be I thus reward ? ANTONIO huh , dearest beauty ! isabella ( with contempt ) oh , no . I have no beauty now , nor ever have , but what be in my garment . you , a quick sighted lover ? stay away from I ! she turn she back on he and walk away , then stop and turn . isabella and keep you outfit on , you be aptly clad . I come feigner to return stark mad ! ANTONIO stay ! CUT to : int . castle hall . - day . music play under dialogue . alsemero listen as jasperino confide . jasperino it be diaphanta 's chance to leave I in a ante-room , a private place we choose to meet . no sooner be she go , we dissolve through to beatrice in conversation with do flore . jasperino ( cont would ) ... when I hear you bride 's voice in the room next to I . and lend more attention , find De Flores louder than she . alsemero De Flores ? expose at last ! jasperino then we both listen and they speak ... like lover do . do flore kiss beatrice 's hand , then look up at she lustfully . back to scene alsemero then truth be full of peril . such truth be . CUT to : ext . battlement . - day . tomazo look down over the battlement resign to he brother 's disappearance . in the distance can be see the modern day building of San Juan . CUT to : int . hall . - day . alsemero sit alone and think out loud to himself . alsemero how can this hang together ? not a hour ago she woman come plead the lady 's fear , describe she as the most timorous virgin that ever shrink at a man 's name , and so modest , that she order she to weep out a request to I that she might come in darkness to we bed . music end CUT to : int . asylum . - night . everything be quiet except for the sound of drip water . a warden stand in the arena watch over the sleep inmate . somewhere else in the asylum isabella sleep soundly and contentedly in the arm of alibius . CUT to : int . castle . - night . music fade in . lit only by flicker torch , beatrice look into the nuptial suite through a secret hatch cut into the door . beatrice one o' clock and still she lie with he . oh , my fear ! she close the hatch and turn away from the door , slowly descend the step . this tart serve she own end , it 's clear now , and devour she pleasure with a greedy appetite , never mind my honour or my peace , make havoc of my right . she will pay dearly for it ! CUT to : int . diaphanta's room . - night . do flore enter the sparsely furnish room lighting he way with a burn torch . he stand for a moment look around . CUT to : ext . castle of santa barbara . - night . the castle stand high above silhouett by a ominous night sky . CUT to : int . diaphanta's room . - night . do flore walk up to a window and take a magazine from the window ledge . he hold it to he burn torch until it catch fire . dissolve to : int . castle . - night . beatrice be worried . she turn away from the window to look up at the door . CUT to : int . diaphanta's room . - night . do flore throw a burn magazine into the air and across the room . the moon light up the smoke around he . CUT to : int . castle . - night . the ghost of alonso watch , then avert he eye sadly . CUT to : int . diaphanta's room . - night . do flore throw another burn magazine across the room . CUT to : int . castle . - night . beatrice wait alone . CUT to : int . diaphanta's room . - night . flame begin to rise from the burn floor . in slow motion do flore turn to leave , throw he burn torch into the flame that now fill the screen . CUT to : int . castle . - night . the ghost of alonso look across at beatrice . she rub she tired face with she hand as she think out loud . music end . we hear a funereal drum beat . beatrice ( cont would ) some ill thing haunt this house . it have leave behind a cold sweat on I . I be afraid now , this night have be so tiring . this strumpet , have she a thousand life , he should not leave she till he have destroy the last . for a moment beatrice pause , then , on hearing do flore shouting , she look once more up to the door . music fade in . CUT to : int . castle corridor . - night . diaphanta come out from the nuptial suite and close the door behind she . we hear do flore shouting somewhere in the castle . do flore ( of / 's ) Fire ! Fire ! Fire ! int . castle . - night . beatrice put on a gown and leave the room . CUT to : int . diaphanta's room . - night . do flore enter the burn room and hide behind the open door . CUT to : int . castle corridor . - night . beatrice enter the corridor and lean on the wall wait . dissolve to : int . diaphanta's room . - night . diaphanta enter she burn room . do flore push the door close behind she . she turn to see he evil eye glaring at she . diaphanta De Flores ... music crescendo do flore slowly raise he stick . diaphanta scream : diaphanta ( cont would ) no ... no ... no ... no ! do flore shoot and diaphanta fall to the floor with a scream . CUT to : int . castle corridor . - night . beatrice wander up and down the corridor wait . CUT to : int . diaphanta's room . - night . diaphanta lie on the floor in the burn room , bleed from the gunshot , but still alive . CUT to : int . castle corridor . - night . beatrice jump with fright as alsemero enter the corridor and close the door to the nuptial suite behind he . alsemero my dear joanna . CUT to : int . diaphanta's room . - night . diaphanta begin to get to she foot as the flame roar around she . CUT to : int . castle corridor . - night . servant run in panic down the corridor in nightshirt . vermandero appear in he night gown , crossing himself as he shout . vermandero ( cont would ) oh , bless my house and I ! dissolve to : int . diaphanta's room . - night . diaphanta sob as she try in vain to escape the flame through the lock door . she then turn to seek another way out from the furnace . dissolve to : int . castle corridor . - night . beatrice turn to face alsemero and vermandero , as servant rush to and for ' . beatrice it 's she chamber ! vermandero how could the fire start there ? dissolve to : int . diaphanta's room . - night . diaphanta confront the flame lick at she hem , sobbing as she be engulf in the fire . dissolve to : int . castle corridor . - night . do flore join beatrice , alsemero and vermandero in the corridor . beatrice she 's escape disaster twice before ! vermandero that sleepy slut be dangerous in a house ! do flore diaphanta 's burnt ! dissolve to : int . diaphanta's room . - night . diaphanta stagger through the flame towards the window with she gown on fire . find there be no way out she run into the fire itself , she echoing scream turn to manic laughter . we dissolve in and out of shot of burn statue film during the alicante fiesta . superimposed over the flame we see beatrice and alsemero kiss at the altar . the burn statue fall to the ground as ember . music end . CUT to : ext . hill - top . - day . we see the city skyline at dawn . jasperino place he top hat on he head and look out over the city , disillusion . fading up we hear the word of John Cooper Clarke . poet ( v/ of ) head out for a hard rock vein in a ' fifty - three troop transporter , to wear the stripe , the number and the chain ... CUT to : int . asylum dungeon . - day . the poet stand recite he word . a inmate clean a exhaust pipe with a oily rag , as a rat nibble at he damp jeans . poet ... to mumble ' why I oughta ' , southern hospitality , this syllable resound , with southern - fry mentality , penitentiary bound . we cut away to see beatrice walk slowly through olive tree , wear a red dress and sunglass . poet ( v/ of cont would ) hardware from heckler koch and all the latest gimmick , a quarter - bottle of mexican scotch will get you dead in minute ... CUT to : int . hall . - day . the castle hall be a burnt out wreck . smoulder beam be strewn over the floor . the cam track through the smoke follow the foot of tomazo , as he approach vermandero , alibius and isabella . poet ( v/ of ) ... talk about I now that I be go , I shot no citizen down , ' could of finger anyone - I be penitentiary bound . vermandero Noble piracquo ! tomazo ( stand still ) pray keep you distance , Sir . I have nothing to say to you . vermandero comfort bless you , Sir ! tomazo I have forsworn compliment ! I have not get a kind word for you , or any man ! vermandero but we have news that will make we welcome . tomazo what news can that be ? vermandero two of my senior man I expose to the law and to you vengeance . tomazo what ? vermandero you can thank this people . speak , alibius . alibius it be my wife 's good fortune to find recently , within we hospital , two fool disguise as mad , and they name , franciscus and Antonio . we dissolve through to franciscus be drag past ANTONIO by two warder in the asylum . back to scene vermandero both mine , Sir , and I ask no mercy for they ! alibius now , what draw suspicion to they be that the time of they arrival fit exactly with the day of the murder . tomazo bless revelation ! vermandero more , Sir , more ! I will not spare my own man . they both feign a journey to briamata ! CUT to : ext . alicante shoreline . - day . we see the city of alicante stretch out before we . dissolve to : int . castle . - day . beatrice walk down a stone wall corridor towards alsemero , she hand partially hide she face . beatrice alsemero ! alsemero how be you ? beatrice how be I ? how be you ? you do not look well . music fade in . alsemero ( take a few step forward ) you be right , I be not well . beatrice not well ! be it in my power to make you better then ? alsemero yes . beatrice ( hand hide a slight smile ) well then , you be cure . as beatrice approach alsemero he advance force she to step backwards . there appear to be small blemish on she face , and bruise or ' love - bite ' on she breast . alsemero just tell I one thing , Lady . beatrice if I can . alsemero be you honest ? beatrice now hide she face with she other hand . beatrice that 's a broad question , my Lord . alsemero but that 's not a modest answer , my Lady . why do you laugh ? beatrice it 's innocence that smile . alsemero neither you smile , nor you tear , shall ever move or flatter I from my belief , that you be a ... whore ... alsemero grab beatrice around the throat and throw she backwards . his word be repeat with rapid edit . music end . alsemero ( cont would ) a whore ! you be a whore ! beatrice ( walk away as alsemero follow ) what a horrid sound that have ! it blast a beauty into deformity upon what face so ever that breath fall , it strike it ugly . beatrice turn to face alsemero and strike he with she fist . beatrice ( cont would ) you have ruin what you can never repair again ! alsemero ( shouting ) I will destroy everything to get the truth from you ! if there be any leave ! beatrice you may , Sir , but please show I the ground whereon you lose you love , so my spotless virtue can tread on it before I perish ! alsemero ( physically threaten ) unanswerable ! a ground you can not stand on ! you fall short of all grace and goodness when you set foot on it ! beatrice walk quickly away down the corridor , shield she ear from he word . alsemero ( cont would ) there be a mask over you cun face that suite you , now impudence ride in triumph on it ! and what of this tender reconcilement between you and you loathsome De Flores ? beatrice ( turn to speak ) oh , be that all ? alsemero worse ! you lust 's devil ! alsemero shout into beatrice 's face . the action be repeat as before use different cam angle . alsemero ( cont would ) you adultery ! adultery ! adultery ! beatrice strike back , slapping alsemero across the face . beatrice if anyone but yourself have say that it would turn they into a villain ! alsemero ( shouting ) it be witness by diaphanta ! beatrice ( strike alsemero again ) oh , be you witness dead then ? alsemero I wager ... the wage of she knowledge , poor soul . she live not long after the discovery . beatrice ( quietly with tenderness ) then hear a story of no less horror . you love have make I a cruel murderess , a bloody one . I have kiss poison for it , stroke a serpent . that thing of hate , worthy of no better employment , I cause to murder innocent piracquo have no better mean to assure yourself to I ... beatrice walk towards alsemero desperately try to put she arm around he as he push she away . music fade in . beatrice ( cont would ) forget not , Sir , it be do for you sake . alsemero you should of go a thousand mile to have avoid this dangerous bridge of blood . ( back away ) we be lose ! beatrice ( cling to he ) remember , Sir , I be true to you bed . alsemero ( push she away ) the bed itself 's a morgue ! the sheet shroud with murder carcass ! ( now grab she arm ) you shall be my prisoner . get in there ! get in there ! alsemero throw beatrice violently out of the corridor . we CUT to do flore enter the same corridor from the other end . CUT to : int . ante -room . - day . alsemero fling beatrice onto the floor of the empty room , and lock the door behind he . alsemero get in there ! music end . CUT to : int . castle . - day . alsemero stride quickly through the castle . on turn a corner he come face to face with do flore . they stand motionless in front of each other . alsemero ( cont would ) De Flores ! do flore ( insincerely ) Noble alsemero . alsemero ( with false politeness ) I have get news for you . my wife have commend you to I . do flore well , that 's news indeed , Sir ! I think she would commend I to the gallow if she could , and I thank she . CUT to : int . ante -room . - day . beatrice hide she sobbing face in she hand . CUT to : int . castle . - day . alsemero gesture with he eye to imaginary blood on do flore ' ruff . alsemero what 's that ? blood on you collar , De Flores ? do flore ( try to look down ) blood ? no surely not , it 's be wash since . alsemero ( step closer ) since when , man ? de flore since the other day . I nick my self in ... in ... in fencing . alsemero what price go murder ? do flore what , Sir ? alsemero I ask you , sir. CUT to : int . ante -room . - day . beatrice sob on the floor . alsemero alsemero ( cont would ) ( v / of ) I love you dearly . cut to : int . castle . - day . alsemero continue . alsemero my wife 's beholden to you , she tell I , for a bloody blow you give for she sake upon ... piracquo ? do flore ( demonstrate ) upon ? it be straight through he , I assure you ! but , she 's confess then ? alsemero as much as death to both of you , and much more than that ! do flore ( quietly ) there could not be much more , except for one thing , that she 's a whore ! CUT to : int . ante -room . - day . beatrice begin to recover and get to she foot . CUT to : int . castle . - day . alsemero stand with he face very close to do flore and speak quietly . alsemero you cun devil . how should blind man know you from fair - face saint ? do flore let I go to she , Sir . alsemero take you prey . go to she , sir. alsemero put he hand on do flore ' shoulder and lead he away , finally push he violently from the corridor . CUT to : ext . countryside . - day . jasperino ride a horse through frame and away into the Spanish countryside . CUT to : int . ante -room . - day . alsemero push do flore into the room and lock the door . do flore look around for a moment , then hear beatrice shouting somewhere outside . music fade in . beatrice please , Sir , quickly ... do flore go to the window and lean out , look down . CUT to : ext . castle courtyard . - day . beatrice run up to a driver and plead with he to take she away . he help she into the horse- draw carriage . beatrice please ! quickly ! CUT to : int . ante -room . - day . do flore move away from the window and quickly walk across to another on the other side of the room . CUT to : int . castle . - day . alsemero stride through the castle shouting with anger . alsemero I will be you go - between now ! rehearse you scene of lust so you will be perfect when you come to perform it in hell ! CUT to : ext . castle courtyard . - day . do flore jump from the window onto the roof of the carriage pass below . as it leave the gate to the castle he climb behind the driver and strike he across the head with he stick . the driver fall from the carriage and do flore then climb along the side and swing himself into the cab , despite beatrice 's attempt to stop he . CUT to : ext . countryside . - day . by now the driver - less carriage be be draw at speed and out of control through the Spanish countryside . it approach through the heat haze down a long straight road . CUT to : int . horse -drawn carriage . - day . Inside the carriage beatrice and do flore struggle against each other , grunt and scream . we inter - CUT with footage of they make love . meanwhile the horse gallop onwards out of control . Inside the carriage beatrice scream wildly . we see flash of bullfight . the fight between beatrice and do flore , the love make and the heat , blood and dust of the bullfight be all inter - CUT as the horse thunder along . De flore now hold a dagger in the carriage . he raise it to strike . they struggle . beatrice manage to take hold of the dagger and now turn it on herself . do flore seem to be try to kiss she . they slip around because there be blood all over they . beatrice be see to climax as she make love to do flore . the horse gallop . the bull charge . beatrice and do flore have they bloody head together . we see beatrice caress the smooth , unmark skin of do flore ' face . she now grab the blade of the dagger that do flore be wield , take the knife and stab herself once again , scream . the matador sink he blade deep into the charge bull . the carriage wheel throw up dust as the horse pull it away into the countryside . CUT to : ext . countryside . - day . music fade . bunch of grape hang in the warm sunshine as a gentle breeze move through the leave of acre of vineyard . alongside the wind rustle quietly down row of olive grove . the sound of cicadas fill the hot afternoon air . CUT to : ext . alicante shoreline . - day . through palm tree we look up at the castle above . fade to black . ext . castle gate . - day . picture cut in : horse slowly pull the carriage through the castle gate . the door be swinging open . as the vehicle pass we see do flore hang out , eye stare , and cover in blood . we hear vermandero . vermandero ( of / 's ) I have a suspicion as near as proof itself for piracquo 's murder . CUT to : ext . castle courtyard . - day . vermandero and alsemero face each other shouting . behind they stand franciscus and ANTONIO , hand tie . alsemero Sir , I have proof beyond suspicion for piracquo 's murder ! vermandero ( point ) listen , this two have be in disguise ever since the deed be do . you will hear I ! this , my own servant ... alsemero ( shouting forcibly ) hear I ! we see a top shot of the carriage enter the castle courtyard . beatrice 's blood cover leg hang limply out of the side . alsemero ( of / 's ) that nearer than you servant shall acquit they guiltless ... the carriage come to a standstill . beatrice 's bloody leg drop from the step of the carriage . vermandero and alsemero stare on with incredulity . a carriage door swing open , blood pour from it . Rivers of blood dribble down beatrice 's leg , form a dark puddle in the sand below . alsemero ( cont would ) come forth ! you twin of mischief ! with a tug , do flore pull beatrice from the carriage , she fall out onto the ground with a grunt . the other look on as do flore pull beatrice towards they along the ground by the hair . her blood cover red dress be drag through the dirt . the cam track across with the carriage in the foreground . behind it we see other be present , include tomazo , alibius and isabella . do flore drop beatrice at the foot of vermandero and alsemero , and stand motionless before they . do flore here we be ! if you have any more to say to we , speak quickly . I shall not give you the hearing , else . vermandero ( to alsemero , then down to beatrice ) a host of enemy within my castle gate could not shock I more ! joanna ! beatrice joanna ! beatrice lie on the ground , she bloodstain face fill the screen . vermandero step forward . beatrice ( whisper ) come not near I , Sir , I shall defile you ! let the common sewer take I away . music fade in . beatrice turn she face slowly to look up at do flore ' bloody face . beatrice ( cont would ) beneath the star , on this meteor ... hang my fate , amongst thing corruptible . vermandero start to sob . beatrice ( cont would ) I could never pluck it from he . my loathing assure the rest . my honour fall to he and now my life . alsemero , I be a stranger to you bed . you be cheat on you wedding night for which you false bride die . alibius I know ! do flore yes , while I couple with you wife . now we be both in hell . vermandero we be all there . it surround we here . do flore I love this woman in spite of she heart . I earn she love ... for piracquo 's murder , and she honour be my reward . I thank life for nothing but that pleasure . vermandero ( to tomazo ) horrid villain ! keep he alive for further torture ! de flore no ! it be but one thread more . do flore take the dagger from he belt and thrust it into himself . alsemero hold vermandero back . De flore ( cont would ) and now 'tis cut ! do flore fall to the ground dead , he eye stare upwards . beatrice 's red face fill the screen . beatrice 27 . 04 . 22 ) forgive I , alsemero . vermandero kneel beside beatrice and take she small , bloody hand in he . beatrice ( cont would ) all forgive . ( 27 . 16 , 05 ) ' tis time to die when 'tis a shame to live . with a final turn of she head , beatrice die . tomazo ( to vermandero ) Sir , I be satisfied , my injury lie dead before I . tomazo turn away as vermandero cross himself in misery . fade to black . ext . castle of santa barbara battlement . - day . picture cut in : alsemero run and jump up onto a wall that lead up to a look out . as he go he discard he weapon throw they to the ground . the ghost of alonso look down from a wall as alsemero pass by underneath . alsemero stand on the battlement look out to sea , deep in think . alsemero ( v/ of ) here 's beauty change to ugly whoredom , and obedient servant to master sin , imperious murder . and I , a suppose husband , exchange embrace with a mistress , but that be pay for . all we can do to comfort one another , to stay a brother 's sorrow for a brother , to dry a child from the kind father 's eye , be to no purpose , it rather multiply . we dissolve through to beatrice blow out a candle in the church . alsemero ( v/ of ) only you smile have the power to relive the dead again , or in they place , give brother a new brother , father a child ; if this appear all thing be reconcile . CUT to : ext . beach . - day . a series of fogged and over exposed shot of beatrice as she run along a beach beside rough wave , she dress and hair blow in the wind , produce a feel of freedom and nostalgia as the hand -held footage bleach out and the image fade . fade to black . super white title : the end music fade . fade out white title . super white title : in memory of my friend dudley brown ( artist 1952 - 1992 ) and vivian stanshall ( 1943 - 1995 ) fade out white title . music . ( roll end credit . )