may 1st , 2017 leave no trace written by debra granik Anne rosellini base on the novel my abandonment by Peter rock ext . salvage lot - afternoon 1 will , 40s , sort through pile of industrial hardware and cable . when he find several piece of metal grate , he set they aside . his daughter , tom , young teens , work with he . will we only need one more . she hand he one she 's find . they leave a small payment for the man who life in the lot . ext . forest park , entrance - afternoon 2 Tom and will enter a dense park by scramble up a gully , avoid the public entrance . they're in Forest Park , a temperate rain forest abutte the city of Portland , Oregon . ext . forest park - late afternoon 3 not use a establish path , they walk over fall tree and bush . Tom stop . she hold back some bramble . on the ground be a dead animal . she pick up a stick and examine the body . will how many organ can you identify ? Tom peer through under growth to a animal 's body . tom that 's he liver . lung . heart . will good . tom ( point with the stick ) I be not sure what that be . will spleen . tom what happen ? will someone probably hit he with they car . he come too close to town . they walk away into the wood . ext . forest park , encampment - afternoon 4 they arrive at a spot where they toss down they pack . they be home . will light a lantern which emit a low light . he pull back some large branch which they have use to obscure they dwelling , construct with a tent and tarp . in front of it , they have set up a small cooking area . a camp stove be perch on a flat rock and two tree stump stool be arrange around a small table fashioned from a board . will stashes they grocery in a bury food cool cache . Tom light a lamp . he process wood - split it with he knife . Tom feather the tinder stick . will ignites the tinder with the ferro rod they sit together and eat they soup . int . forest park , encampment - night will be read . Tom arrange she sleep bag . will need a second layer ? tom I be fine . she get in and comfortable . he turn out the light . tom ( cont 'd ) see you in the a.m . they make they private click communication sound . after a moment , they hear the sound of snap branch as some dog run through the brush and through they camp . one dog stop to sniff around they tent . will switch on a flashlight and they can see the outline of its snout protrude through the shelter wall . will reach for a pan and bang it with a spoon , which send the dog away . tom ( cont 'd ) I name the head dog layla . will if she 's such a good friend of yours , you could tell she that we be try to get some sleep around here . tom I do not speak dog . will smile . will let 's try to get back to sleep . he settles in attempt to fall asleep again , but be wide awake . ext . forest park , encampment - day 6 Tom walk along a fall tree to a small garden cover by a transparent plastic tarp . she pull back the tarp and weed . as she work , she get distract by pill bug and centipede under a log . she use a magnifier to look closely at the centipede . with the knife on she belt , she cut deeper into the log and reveal more bug . ext . forest park — day 7 Tom forage in the forest for edible plant . she use a small pair of field glass to identify a bird she hear . she poke around a fall tree and discover the yellow tip of a chanterelle mushroom hide underneath . tom yes ! she investigate further and find a small patch of the mushroom and begin snap they off at the base . in the distance , she can hear she father make a a bird sound . Tom answer he with a owl sound . she gather the mushroom , put they in the pocket of she hoodie and head back to camp . ext . forest park , encampment - day 8 she cut through some low brush to get to will . he 's immerse in building a solar cooker , use the scrap metal they collect as a base . tom look what I find . he glance up to look at the mushroom , but he 's absorb in what he 's construct . will excellent . good haul . give I a hand here ? she hold piece of foil while will tack they in place over the frame of a umbrella . she look at the book he 's use to learn about solar cooking . 10 tom do you think we will ever be able to cook on this ? it seem better for a sunny state . will there 's radiant energy even when you can not see the sun . tom maybe so , but I could not wait 2 week for a egg . he 's in think about improvement . tom ( cont 'd ) this will be good in summer . tom ( cont 'd ) I be hungry . can we finish this later ? will yes . he smile at she . ext . forest park , encampment - day 9 will , in he city clothes , conservative neutral color garment , comb he beard . he click to get she attention . tom code Brown . after a moment , Tom come from behind the privacy tarp , dress in she clothes for town . she wash she hand . . will clean you nail . he pass she a sharpen stick . she notice a long pine needle in he clothing and pick it off . he tidy up they dwell space and she cove the lid of cache bucket . they check each other 's clothing and do one last preen . ext . forest park — day 10 Tom and will walk parallel to each other through the tree . at one point , will stop , crouch down , and look back from where they have come to see if they path can be detect . sa will we have be this way one time too many . New route need . they continue on . tom it 's only Tuesday . why be we go to town today ? will schedule and routine be fine , but you do not want to be predictable . that 's when you get hit , by be overconfident . ( pause ) anyway , we be low on food -- milk powder , oatmeal . you appetite be grow . tom I be grow ! will I know . 11 12 13 al3 14 15 she smile at he . ext . forest park , public path - day 11 as they approach the boundary of where the park meet paved street , Tom and will exit use one of the public path and stair , look like any other folk leave the park . Tom spot a necklace on the ground . she pick it up , look at it , and put it back on the ground . tom if it 's still here when we get back , can I take it ? will yep . that 's fair . ext . forest park , entrance - day 12 will and Tom quickly scramble down a steep gully in Forest Park . they check each other 's appearance , brush off bit of forest debris , from clothing , hair , and beard . they walk in the direction of the St. John 's Bridge . ext . ST . JOHN 's bridge - day 13 they walk across the bridge to get into town . ext . ST JOHN 's sq . - day al3 they deposit two small bag of garbage into the dumpster . int . AIR tram - day 14 Tom look at the city ; will look at the enormous medical complex loom in front of they . there be a few other passenger . two medical worker in white coat be in the mix . as they approach , the VA hospital take up the whole view . int . VA medical CENTER - day 15 Tom be in the wait room read . her book obscure she face . she glance up at the glass passageway of this labyrinth . 6aa 16 int . VA medical CENTER - day 16 will meet back up with Tom . he stow the med package that he 's be give at the clinic into he back pack . 17 ext . ATM - day will withdraw money from a ATM . 6 a 17 18 al8 19 int . grocery store - day 18 they shop efficiently for the essential . will put a chocolate bar in the cart , and Tom be surprised . tom be that a want or a need ? will both . she seem pleased . ext . ST . JOHN 's bridge - day Al 18 Tom and will cross the bridge , carry a tote with they grocery ext . forest park , men 's camp —- day 19 Tom and will approach a encampment in a different section of the park , comprise of several tent . one have a american flag hang off the front and a wheelchair beside it . one of the man live in the camp , larry , a vet who know will from the VA , greet they . Larry open the package of pill bottle , tear off the warning label that be affix to the bottle and the suicide literature that the VA pack in every bundle . two of the bottle be smaller than the other . larry they have change the cocktail again . Larry check the label on the small bottle . larry ( cont 'd ) less roxi 's , less bar . figure , they be cuttin’ back on the one that have any value to we . he check the big bottle . larry ( cont 'd ) look like someone 's tryin' to unload the sleep med -- seroquel , it really have no value to I . I would have to find someone who want to sleep all day and gain 70 pound . ( rifling through the bag prazosin - when 's the last time that stop a nightmare ? they must be gettin’ a deal on this . will nod . Larry take all the bottle and pay will . will they be harder to get . 7a 20 21 larry first , they give ‘em out like candy , and now they be yankin’ the leash back . will make a small parting gesture . larry ( cont 'd ) whatever they be givin 's you , I will take ‘em off you hand . he look over at tom. will let 's go . ext . forest park - day 20 Tom and will walk away from the man 's camp up a curving path into the tree . tom it 's weird , go there . will if you be go to say something , be specific . tom it make I feel sad to be there . will that make sense . tom then why do we go ? will we do not need the med , but we can use the money . ext . forest park , encampment - day 21 will clear the air shaft for the dakota pit . he maintain the water catchment system . 22 23 ext . forest park — day 22 Tom venture into a part of the forest that be far from they camp and closer to the public hike path . in the tree she can see the orange vest of a inmate work crew . a officer walk back and forth supervise . Tom spy from behind the tree . she move closer , stay in the shadow . the worker close to see Tom through the branch and stare . they lock eye for a minute . Tom step back and hurry away . ext . forest park , encampment - day 23 will 's work on a fire , but the dampness make it hard to start . Tom chop the mushroom . she 's hungry and the fire be take a long time . will this be all so wet . tom can we use the propane ? will Heard you stomach growl . he nod that propane be the way to go in this instance . 24 25 10 she turn on the propane camp stove and the mushroom cook quickly . she give will one to taste . they enjoy . will now hear the sound of the power tool from the work crew in the distance . tom I see they earlier , it 's ok , it 's a work crew . they be way down by the pathway . will drill . she pop the last of the mushroom into she mouth . he shut down the stove , move quickly fuel by adrenalin . ext . forest park , fern grove - day 24 he hustle Tom along to they emergency hide area . will watch she hide in the foliage of a large fern . he check from all angle to see if she 's truly cover , but she 's slightly visible . will the pattern of the face be the first thing someone can recognize . she pull herself deeper into the fern . tom dad , I know how to do this . her hide be not precise enough . will then be good at it . he cover himself in the foliage in a way that make he imperceptible . ext . forest park , hiding spot - day 25 Tom relax in she hide spot , which she use as a look -out . she 's read the section on sea horse in the encyclopedia . 26 27 11 from below , the sound of crack stick can be hear , and soon the huffing and puffing of a man . a off -trail runner come into the clear . he stop and put he hand on he knee , spitting on the ground . as Tom scoot farther back on the hide spot to be out of he sight , she knock a book off . the runner do not see the book fall , but hear it and turn around , craning he neck to see if he can spot someone . Tom contract into a small ball . runner hello ? somebody up there ? he step back a few pace try to see more , catch a glimpse of she . runner ( cont 'd ) hello ? Tom hold she breath . she remain utterly still wait until she can hear he resume he run and leave the area . she peer over the edge to confirm that he 's go . ext . forest park , hiding spot - day 26 Tom , back on the ground move quietly in the direction where the runner take off to check that he 's no longer in sight . it hit she that a outsider have see she . she sit for a moment to collect herself . at the base of the log she 's sit on , she find a odd look mushroom , which she pick and head home . ext . forest park , encampment - day 27 as Tom approach they camp , she find will look at the Forest Park map . she sit near he , still shake from the runner encounter . when he look up , she hand he the weird mushroom to examine . Tom look through the Wild edible mushroom guide and try to match it to one of the photo . tom Fairy ring mushroom -- no ink cap , hexagonal - pore polypore , common puffball , avenge angel ... she stop on the next page and double check the mushroom against the photo . tom ( cont ’d ) I think I find it . the Prince ! 28 will double check that it have no deadly - poisonous lookalike . tom I do . will check again . Tom sketches the mushroom in she mushroom and fungi and write the number 21 on it . tom we be up to 21 . int . forest park , encampment - night Tom be awaken by will , who be have a nightmare . gently nudge she father . tom dad . wake up . you be have a dream . will whoa . will take a deep breath . tom what 's you favorite color ? will what 's yours ? tom yellow . will why ? tom the way it make I feel . it 's bright and not still . will mine 's green . tom that figure . and what be my mother 's favorite color ? will yellow . 12 notebook she 28 12a tom maybe she teach I that , for it to be my favorite . will in some way . let 's get some sleep ; it 's late . tom I wish I could remember she . will she would have wish that , too . good night , yellow . tom good night , Green . 29 30 31 32 13 ext . forest park , encampment - day 29 a chess game be in process . will always try to control the 4 square tom food , clothing , shelter , fuel . will yes . in front of you King and Queen . ( he move she king 's pawn up two square forward ) a lot of people think it look dangerous to move the pawn in front of the King , but as long as you Castle , it will be safe for a while . it 's Tom 's move . they both hear unfamiliar distant sound . will listen intently , detect the muffle sound of a walkie-talkie . will and Tom look at each other , know this be not a drill . the sound get louder . as Tom start to sweep the chess piece back in they box , will grab she arm and they run through the tree . ext . forest park , fern grove - day 30 Tom scramble into hide . will , a couple foot away , also disappear . then everything grow quiet . ext . forest park , encampment - same 31 a k-9 officer look through they camp and pick up a piece of clothing to let the dog register the scent . ext . forest park , fern grove - day 32 a police officer scan the area . peer out from she hide spot , Tom can see a boot crush fern around she . the k -9 officer arrive and let the dog off the leash . after a moment , the dog discover will . 13a police stand up . will get to he foot . police ( cont 'd ) hand behind you head . 14 the officer pat he down and remove will 's knife . police ( cont 'd ) do you have any id ? will not on I . my military id - it 's in my pack . police why be you run ? will we do not know who you be . police be you alone ? pause . will have to make a decision . the k - 9 officer feed the dog snack from a pouch . will my daughter 's with I . Tom , come out . Tom stand up and the official turn to see she . she throw she small camp knife to the ground . police ( to Tom ) come on over here . Tom look to she father . he nod that she should do what 's ask . jean , a social worker , be lead in by the ranger . will back away slightly . police ( cont 'd ) Sir , we need you to stay where you be . please stop move around . I do not wanna have to cuff you . Tom grab she dad 's arm . police ( cont 'd ) ( try to use a softer tone with Tom ) please , step aside . will ( to the cop ) we be not a threat -- you do not have to act this way in front of she . 15 police we do not know who you be or what the situation be here . Jean gently insert herself between Tom and will as the police officer lead will away , with the ranger follow . Tom look past Jean to keep will in she sight . tom dad ! will stop walk and the police have to tug at he . Tom try to get around Jean to follow she father . Jean gently stop she , but she push against she . tom ( cont 'd ) please ! I want to go where my dad go . jean we will figure this out . we be gonna make sure you be ok . tom we be ok ! jean we be here to help . tom we do not need help . jean hey , I be Jean . what be you name ? tom Tom . why do you chase we ? jean we need to know what 's go on here . tom you need a dog to figure that out ? jean we could not have find you otherwise . they walk off in the direction of the encampment . 33 ext . forest park , encampment - day 33 Tom and Jean approach the camp where will 16 have be detain . Tom see the runner wait with the ranger . the runner glance in she direction , try to see who she be . the k -9 officer have enter they live quarter . will there be some library book to return . Green pack at the back . will hear one of the book crate topple over , follow by a dish crash . will ( cont 'd ) we be not hide anything from you . Jean lead Tom to sit down on a log . Tom keep she eye on she dad as the officer turn he around so Jean can talk privately to she . jean you do not have to worry . he ’1ll be all right . we be go to focus on you . the ranger check out the camp , snap photo of the stealth fire pit . police you have no idea they have fire up here ? the ranger shake he head , intrigue . jean you guy be pretty well set up . how long have you be here ? tom a long time . jean can you tell I who you live with ? tom my dad . jean it 's only the two of you ? tom yes . jean can you show I where you sleep ? Tom bring she to the entrance of the shelter and show she . 16aa tom my sleep bag here . dad 's there . 16 a police sir! 34 17 Tom and Jean look up to see that will have walk up to they . both cop hold he back . the officer look at Jean , who nod ok to they . they release will a little , and he approach Tom . he lean in and speak softly . will we have get nothing to hide . it 's very important that we cooperate with they . Tom push forward and put she arm around she father . will ( cont 'd ) we will be back together soon . he bend down to be on she eye level . the cop , carry will 's pack , and the k -9 unit lead will away . the ranger and runner follow . will turn back and smile at Tom , who use she sleeve to wipe she eye . ext . forest park , encampment - day 34 Jean wait for Tom . she gather she journal , some book , and clothes , stuff they into she pack . tom when be I come back ? jean I do not think you will be . tom will somebody bring my encyclopedias ? jean we will see if we can have somebody come back for that . Jean realize what she 's just say and how untrue it be . jean ( cont 'd ) actually , pick two letter , take you two favorite letter for now . 35 18 Tom emerge from they dwelling with she pack and two volume of the encyclopedia . jean ( cont 'd ) do you dad ever drink or take pill that make he act strange ? Tom nod no . jean ( cont 'd ) do you dad have any weapon here ? anything that could hurt someone ? Tom nod no . jean ( cont 'd ) or place where you have see he hide thing ? Tom open the bury cache bucket which contain papers in a ziplock bag , a collection of utility knife and a small see . Jean look in . Tom retrieve the papers and then close the lid and cover it back up . Tom arrange branch to camouflage the cache . Jean let she finish cover the entrance with branch . they head away from the camp . Tom be nimble in this terrain . pricker grab at Jean 's clothing . ext . forest park , turnout - day 35 they exit Forest Park to where the Social service van be park , near a large park diagram . Tom look around for will . Jean open the back door and gesture for Tom to get in . she do not . tom where 's my dad ? jean he 's on he way to we office to answer some question . ( more ) 18a jean ( cont 'd ) and we need to ask you some too . you will see he soon , but you be go to have to be a little patient . I know this be hard . 36 19 Jean gesture again for she to get in . she do . she close she door and get into the driver 's seat . int . social SERVICES , medical office - day 36 Tom , in a medical gown , be be examine by a female doctor . the doctor take off a blood pressure cuff and put the otoscope away . she enter data on Tom as she preform the child wellness exam . she swipe she tablet . doctor we be get you into the system here -- thomasin . be that you prefer name and how you would like we to refer to you ? tom I would like for you to refer to I as Tom . doctor I be require by the state to ask : '' how do you identify ? female ? male ? or other ? '' tom female . the doctor scroll through more of the intake . she look in Tom 's ear with a otoscope . check eye with a medical eye pen , put a blood pressure cuff on she arm . doctor you be very healthy . everything look good . tom where be my thing ? doctor we will give you back you clothes very soon . we be wash they and put they in the bug oven . tom bug oven ? doctor that 's a way of heating clothes to kill any body lice that may be in you clothing . 37 20 tom I do not have bug live in my clothing . doctor we do this for everyone who stay here . it 's a precaution . int . social SERVICES dorm room - day 37 Tom walk into the dorm room . she see two teenager , tiffany and valerie , sit at the table make collage from magazine . she stand , not sure what to do . valerie be you just gonna stand there ? tom can I sit down ? valerie whatever you wanna do . Tom sit down . she see a plate of sandwich on the table . tom can I have one of that sandwich ? valerie knock yourself out , but not the cheese one , that 's mine . Tom take a sandwich and eat . the girl keep cut and pasting . tom what be you guy do ? tiffany make dream board . tom what 's that ? valerie basically , you cut up magazine and then you make a board of what you want to do for the rest of you life . thing that could make you feel good about you future . tiffany Jean ask we to make they . 20 a tom [ Tom may ask about chanel detail on the board ] valerie so , what be you do here ? tom I be here because I be not where I be suppose to be , I guess . well , they do not think I be where I be suppose to be . valerie okay , so , where be you ? tom I be with my dad . in Forest Park . tiffany Forest Park ? tom yeah . valerie like , the wood ? be you serious ? tiffany be you dad take care of you ? tom yes . valerie but you be homeless , basically . tom no. valerie then why else would you be live in the wood ? tom well , that be we home . tiffany if you have a home they would not have bring you here . tom well , they just do not understand that that be we home . tiffany and where be you dad now ? 20 B tom he 's somewhere in this building , I think , but he 's gonna come and get I in a couple hour , I think . valerie you dad 's gonna come back and get you ? tom yeah . why would not he ? that 's what Jean say . they be just sorting it out . valerie you know , just so you know , most of the kid that come in here , they dad do not come back for they . Tiffany , do you know anyone who 's dad come back for they ? Valerie turn to Tiffany . tiffany I do not know anyone whose dad come back . valerie yeah , I neither . tom I know my dad 's come back . valerie do not hold you breath . they resume cut image and tear from magazine . 21 22 38 omit 38 39 omit 39 40 int . social SERVICES , jean' office - day 40 Tom , in fresh clothes , work quickly fill out bubbles on a exam form . she finish . tom I be finish . jean already ? tom yes . Jean leaf through the page of the test booklet , nodd . surprise . tom ( cont 'd ) it 's like homework only easier . jean who give you homework ? tom my dad . 23 jean who teach you to read ? we have no record of you go to school . tom my dad teach I . you say I pass you test , so we should be able to go back home . jean yes , you be actually quite a bit ahead of where you need to be , but school be about social skill too , not only intellectual one . tom be my dad take test like this ? jean yes , they be ask he a lot of question . Jean reel it back , sense Tom 's concern . jean ( cont 'd ) I want you to understand what 's happen , Tom . tom ok . jean a off - trail runner report see a person in Forest Park , in a part of the park where no one go , who he think be a minor -- hide there , or maybe in need of help . we have to check out the report to make sure you be not in danger . tom but you can see now that I be all right , and that I be with my father . Jean nod yes . jean do you feel safe live with you dad ? tom yes. 24-26 jean I know that the two of you share a tent . have this ever make you uncomfortable ? tom no . the tent 's warmer with two people . jean have anyone ever touch you body without you permission ? tom no . my dad would not let anything bad happen to I . Jean process this , search for she next question . tom ( cont 'd ) we do not need to be rescue . jean that 's what we be try to understand . tom what be it you want to understand ? that we could live differently from how you be use to it be and still be fine ? Tom stare at Jean . 4l 27 int . social SERVICES , conference room - day 41 will be seat in front of a computer . jame , the other social worker on the case arrange a key board in front of will . James read from the test instruction booklet . jame respond '' true '' or '' false '' to each statement . there be 435 item . if you can not answer , wait till the next question . complete as many as you can . ( beat ) be we good ? he bring the computer keyboard closer to will . jame ( cont 'd ) I be gonna leave you to it . James push the start key and leave . test giver 's voice welcome . the test will begin in 3 second : test giver' voice I wake up rest and peaceful most morning will true . test giver' voice I enjoy read article on crime will false . test giver' voice my daily life be full of activity that keep I interested will true . test giver 's voice my sleep be fitful and troubled . beep . will exceed the limit and the computer press on . 42 27a int . social SERVICES , jean 's office - day 42 Jean pull out some flash card . jean for each picture I want you to make up a story . Tom nod . Jean lay out four card with symbolic drawing onto the table . jean ( cont 'd ) pick one . Tom select a card and study it . tom how do you read my answer ? you think they be go to mean a certain thing ? jean they might be able tell we a little more about you . 28 tom you could just ask . jean yes . but you may not be able to say it . tom so you go at it in a crooked way . somehow I will say what I can not say ? Tom write in the test booklet . tom ( cont 'd ) can I see my dad , now ? just for five minute ? I know it 'il make he feel better . jean you have be very patient . we be almost there . Jean glance at she check list . jean ( cont 'd ) would you say you have have a happy childhood ? tom yes . jean do you father get angry if you do not agree with he ? tom no . jean what do happen when you do something that you dad do not agree with ? tom we discuss it . jean I wish I could have follow you around for a day , just to see how you guy operate . 43 44 29-29r tom you would not have be able to . I would lose you in five minute . the park have 5,100 acre . jean it sound to I like you really love it there . but Tom , you understand that you can not live in the park anymore ? Tom look down , averting Jean 's gaze . jean ( cont 'd ) it 's not a crime to be unhouse -- many people be . but it be illegal to live in the park . Tom swallow hard , stare at the poster on the wall behind Jean . she do not notice Jean 's concern . omit 43 int . social SERVICES , dormitory 44 Tiffany and Tom be look at Tiffany 's phone . Tiffany be explain what instragram be and swiping through photo she 's be send . she come to a image of a banana slug that a friend post from she visit to the park that day . tiffany what 's that ? tom banana slug . you can eat they . you have to cook it to get the slime off . it taste like a mushroom . the instagram discussion move from the banana slug to Tiffany 's favorite singer and all of the follower she have . her battery die . Tiffany look down at the few image Tom have collect . tiffany what be you gonna put on you board ? anything besides tree ? tom I be still look . 29-29 aa Valerie come back into the room and sit down at the table . Tiffany move back to she seat . Tom start to work on she dream board . Valerie be upset . tiffany how would it go ? valerie so , they could not find a placement for I in that district , so I will not be able to go to the school I want to . tiffany what have Jean say ? valerie she be like , '' I be really sorry , I try really hard and blah blah blah ... '' Valerie look down . Tiffany give she a sympathetic look . valerie ( cont 'd ) she say I be too high risk to place and nobody want a kid that 's my age . Tiffany try to divert Valerie 's attention . she pass Valerie a image that she think she will like for she board . Valerie look at the dream board and experience a wave of frustratoin and disgust . she sweep the board and magazine off the table . valerie ( cont 'd ) this be bullshit . Tiffany and Tom watch as Valerie cross the room and grab a stuff teddy bear . she sit back down at the table and pull a needle out of the bear . she start poke she finger with the needle . tom so , what be you gonna do ? valerie I do not know what I be gonna do , okay ? if I know what I be gonna do this would not be such a big deal . Tiffany shoot Tom a look . Valerie anticipate Tom 's question and stop she from ask more . valerie ( cont 'd ) no one be come to get I . 29-29 ab Tiffany be concerned that Valerie be hurt herself . tiffany do you sterilize that ? valerie of course I sterilize it . no one 's use it since the last time I use it . tiffany do you clean you finger ? valerie yes . tom my dad say it 's important that if you get a cut you need to clean it out to prevent a infection from spread . valerie you dad know everything . 30 45 31 int . social SERVICES , jean 's office - day 45 Jean and James be meeting with will for he exit evaluation . jean in find a placement for you and Tom , we have consider what kind of support will be helpful to you two . James stare at will 's VA file , overwhelm . jame we want to help you meet the legal and social expectation of be a family . we do not want you in the '' system '' how can we help you stay out ? will we would like to go back to how we be live , which be a way of life that be work for we . beat . will ( cont 'd ) she have the rest of she life to conform . jame will , as much as we might want to let you go back to live as you be , we have no say over the rule and reg in the park . jean we be just not sure it 's the best thing for she . tense silence . will do not let the little light go out in she . Jean and James exchange a look , jot a note . 46 47 32 will ( cont 'd ) we bother no one . jame not surprisingly , you score high on the social introversion scale , but that do not make you a dangerous person . will take a deep breath . James and Jean give will a affirm smile . int . social SERVICES , hallway - day 46 Jean lead caroline down a maze of hallway . finally they arrive at she office , which Jean open with she ring of key . int . social SERVICES , foyer - day 47 Tom wait in the foyer . Jean approach with she belonging and put they down . jean all you thing . Tom look into she backpack and see that she knife be still in she pack . tom thank you for not take my knife . but she journal be not where she usually keep it . tom ( cont 'd ) do you read my journal ? Jean look uncomfortable . tom ( cont 'd ) have you be look through it ? jean yes , I do . I be sorry . with underage people there 's a conflict between you privacy and what we need to know about you -- to ensure you well be . Tom withdraw , upset . Jean change the subject . jean ( cont 'd ) I like you note about mushroom . tom that do not make it okay . jean you be right . I should have ask you , and we could have look at it together . Jean move on , try to re-engage Tom . jean ( cont 'd ) Tom , we want to try something we have not do before . usually , we would put you up in a motel until we find some housing , but we find something that will be better . tom how can you say what 's good for we ? jean we do not have a lot of option , and this seem like the best one . we find a place outside the city where you and you dad can stay until we can get you into permanent housing . i’11 be check in with you regularly to see how you guy be do . she cut to the chase . jean ( cont 'd ) what do you think about go to a regular school ? tom my dad can teach I . jean but you can have friend you own age . would not you like that ? tom sometimes I think I would , and other time I do not think so . jean do you have any question you would like to ask I ? tom what 's go to happen to Tiffany and Valerie . jean we be in the process of find they foster placement . 33 48 a48 49 50 51 52 a52 53 34 int . social SERVICES , foyer - day 48 will be bring in , beard groom , wear stiff new jeans and a bright color new coat . Tom stand up when she see he . they hug tightly . ext . social SERVICES - day a48 will and Tom come out the front door of the facility . int . car - day 49 Tom and will be in the back seat as they drive through town . int . car , south of CITY - day 50 they drive through the Christmas tree farm south of Portland . will look out the window . Tom open she pack and give will he shemagh . he 's pleased to see it and stow it . Jean put on the radio . after some irritate ad and babble she re-consider . jean would you like it off ? will yes . [ wild line important for this part of the ride ] int . car , horse farm - day 51 the car turn onto a private road where they see row of Christmas tree and a house on a hill . ext . mr. walter 's house - day 52 the car pull up and park in a driveway where the owner , mr . walter , 50' , greet they , and they get out of the car . ext . horse farm , cottage - day b52 Tom , will , Jean and Mr. walter 's enter the cottage . int . cottage - day 53 Tom and will look through they new home , escort by Mr. Walters and Jean . jean we hope this will work for you . will thank you . jean Mr. Walters be a generous man . will nod . 34aa 34a mr . walter I be excited we can do this . I read about you in the newspaper when they find you in the park . Jean open the cupboard and refrigerator to show that some basic supplies have be purchase . 54 55 35 jean a few grocery to get you start . do you like it ? tom it 's nice . they stand at the doorway to Tom 's new room . neatly stack on the bed be brand new brightly color school clothes and supplies . jean we think you could use some new clothes for school . the tour do , they file out the front door . ext . horse farm , cottage - day 54 the group stand in front of the house say they good by . Mr. Walters take a few photo on he phone . mr . walter tomorrow will be a full day . I x11 leave you two to get settle in . Mr. Walters walk back to he house . Jean get into she car . take stock of they new circumstance , will be distract by the satellite dish off to the side of the cottage . int . cottage , kitchen - day 55 tom it feel good to be by ourselves again . will open a window and exhales out . Tom sit at the table . will I wish they could have just drop we on the road and let we be . she bring he back to the here and now . tom they make I take a lot of test . what about you ? will yes , they ask I a lot of question . tom like what ? a56 56 36 will about we . 435 question . ( pause ) it be hard not know how you be . do they treat you all right ? she nod . will ( cont 'd ) let 's try to put it behind we . Tom look around the new surroundings . will join she at the table . tom everything 's different now . will what 's different be that we be ina kind of house that most people be comfortable with we live in . he catch she eye . will ( cont 'd ) but we can still think we own thought . he smile at she . will lift the foil off a casserole that be leave for they , and then cover it back up . tom I will try it . int . cottage , will 's room - night a56 will put the tv into the closet . int . cottage , will 's room - night 56 Tom lean against the door of she dad 's room . she tap a little rhythm on the door jam to see if he 's awake . will you can come in . Tom enter the room and sit on the edge of the bed . tom I can not sleep . 57 37 will not since we leave the park . tom the sound of the wind in the tree use to help I fall asleep . Tom put she face against the window , look out . she hear will there 's be something on my mind . tom what be it ? will they say a person see you , and that 's how they find we camp - be this true ? tom I see a man , but I do not think he see I . will why do not you say something ? tom I be afraid to . I do not want to leave we camp - it be such a good one . will we stay there too long . a heavy sigh from will . tom do you think you 's 1ll be ok here ? will we be gonna make the best of it . int . cottage , kitchen - day 57 when Tom come into the kitchen , she find will peer out the window through the curtain . 38 tom Morning . ( pause ) what be you look at ? will I be just look . good morning . they eat cereal and orange juice . Tom eat hungrily . will look anxious . tom what 's the matter ? will '' to keep bright the Devil 's doorknob and scour he tub . better not to keep a house . '' Tom sigh . tom thoreau sleep inside . there 's a knock at the door . will get up to open the door . mr . walter good morning . do not mean to interrupt you breakfast . will nod hello . mr . walter ( cont ’d ) I know that you have particular way . will shift he weight , try to hide he exasperation with Mr. Walters . mr . walter ( cont ’d ) and I do not want to disrupt . will what do you have plan for we today ? mr . walter I be hope you could help with the tree work . take the tractor and get stump out of the south field . will I have rather not operate heavy machinery . be there any work with the horse that I could do ? down in the stable ? 58 59 60 39 mr . walter yes , but I have rather you not work down there yet . work with horse require training . and that can happen , but for now , I need help elsewhere . will nod , comply . mr . walter ( cont ’d ) do you not know how ? or be it something else ? there 's silence for a moment . mr . walter ( cont ’d ) listen , the work that really need do be clear that field . that 's how I make my money . will okay . tractor , truck , armored vehicle -- whatever . I can operate they all . ext . horse farm - day 58 ( footage of will 's labor to be use throughout he stay at Walters 's . ) will be give he tool in the garage . will be work a long row of evergreen . he use a tool to shape and cut the tree evenly . the land adjacent to Walters 's have recently be logge . in the distance , will can hear saw . he can hear the sound of a helicopter overhead and look up . ( helicopter be sfx only ) int . / ext . horse arena - day 59 kryss , a horse trainer do liberty training with she horse . the horse run the length of the arena and stop on a dime before the arena gate . Tom watch , peer over the arena wall . int . cottage , will 's room - night 60 Tom walk in to check on will , who she can hear be have a nightmare . 39 a he have sit up on the edge of the bed , he head in he hand as he try to re-stabilize . Tom sit down beside he . 61 62 40 she provide a gentle distraction . tom if you could be any animal , what would you be ? will a owl . tom let 's look at the star like we use to do . ext . cottage , porch - night 61 Tom and will lie in blanket under the night 's sky , jamme with star . the leave rustle . will exhales . int . mr. walter 's house , laundry rm - day 62 Tom stand next to the wash machine drop clothes in . mr . walter different than do laundry at you special place in the stream , I bet . do you know how to use the machine ? tom we go to the laundromat sometimes , like when it be raining . Tom cut off tag from the new bright clothes with she pocket knife and add they to the load . one pair of jeans have fancy , glittery pocket , which she take a moment to examine . the way Mr. Walters be observe she make Tom think she 's suppose to narrate what she 's do . tom ( cont 'd ) this be school clothes . I be just get ready . mr . walter you will finally get to spend some time with kid you own age . that 's 11 change you . Tom pour some detergent into the machine . Mr. Walters hand she a small bag . mr . walter ( cont ’d ) I gather from the newspaper that you use to have a garden . 63 Tom look inside the bag to find several packet of tom thank you . Tom , interested in the article , want to know more . tom ( cont 'd ) why do they want to write about we ? mr . walter a lot of people like to imagine themselves live like you guy be , but not many actually do it . 41 seed . he fan through a pile of magazine and papers to find the article and pass it to she . she look it over and pass the article back to he . mr. walter ( cont ’d ) no , keep it . you dad may want to read it . tom I do not think so . Mr. Walters shrug . ext . horse farm , cottage - day 63 Mr. Walters stand nearby as Tom plant the seed . she set the worm carefully aside and break up the clod with a trowel . overhead , she hear a helicopter . tom lot of helicopter around here . mr . walter forestry mapp . decide where to cut next . Tom get back to work put the seed in the soil . mr . walter ( cont ’d ) this life here must seem pretty easy . hope it 's not too boring for you . tom it 's a person 's own fault if they get bored . 64 42 she work in a very focus way , finish the row . tom ( cont 'd ) okay . this turnip be all plant . mr . walter I be interested in how you be live before . you father do not seem to want to talk about it . tom what would you like to know ? mr . walter I guess I be just curious how you manage to make do with so little . what would you have do if they have not find you ? be you go to just keep live there ? tom yes . I think so . I have a question for you . mr . walter shoot . tom how come you be all alone ? mr . walter I like the solitude , I guess . tom you and my dad be not so different then . mr . walter that could be . tom except no one bother you about it . mr . walter that 's true . ext . horse farm , side road - day 64 Tom walk along the edge of the farm follow the fence that stretch along the property . she find a rabbit randomly scamper in the middle of the gravel road . she pick it up 65 43 ext . isaiah be house - day 65 she walk into the adjoin yard . she hear a boy 's voice call out , '' chainsaw . '' isaiah , late teens , walk from a small half - build shed - like structure in he yard and see that Tom have the rabbit . isaiah thanks . tom you be welcome . isaiah have a tool in he hand that Tom do not recognize . isaiah when she see this clipper , she take off . he sit down on the platform , position the rabbit like a baby in he arm and attempt to clip its nail . the rabbit squirm and wriggle . isaiah ( cont 'd ) can you give I a hand -- hold she foot ? like this . he show she . Tom help restrain the rabbit . tom why do you cut its nail ? isaiah so they look nice . the judge look at the nail . tom what judge ? isaiah for the ffa show . Tom can not figure out what he 's talk about . he can tell . isaiah ( cont 'd ) future farmer of America . it 's a club for people who be interested in raise animal . it 's like 4 - H. 66 44 they continue clipping . isaiah ( cont 'd ) some kid make fun of ffa , but it 's one of the best part of school for I . tom so you be gonna be a farmer in the future ? isaiah I do not know yet . he 's curious about she . isaiah ( cont 'd ) you go to school around here ? tom I will soon . she wonder about the half - build structure they be sit in . tom ( cont 'd ) what be you building ? he put down the rabbit on its mat and start swiping through image until he find the one he 's look for and show she . isaiah I would like to do something like that . he put down the phone and physically sketches out he idea . isaiah ( cont 'd ) sleep loft for I . place for she . Kitchen here . even in a small space like this , you can have everything you need . you do not gotta be rich to have a tiny house . tom where be you gonna put it ? isaiah maybe Colorado . int . isaiah' house , kitchen - day 66 isaiah make chocolate milk for they . Tom hold the rabbit . she look at the fridge door which have a collection of photo of rabbit and kid with they chicken and goat . she steal a look at isaiah stir . he offer she a glass of the frothy milk and point to one of the photo . 67 68 69 45 isaiah this be chainsaw 's mother . int . isaiah 's house , kitchen - day 67 they stand at the counter drink the milk with the rabbit between they . isaiah if you like rabbit , you should come to one of we meeting sometime , if you want . he muse . isaiah ( cont 'd ) good rabbit , good kid . she notice that it 's get late . tom I gotta go . my dad 's not go to know where I be . he hand she he phone . she do not take it . tom ( cont 'd ) he do not have one . isaiah the meeting be wednesday right down this road , leave on rte 119 . the first place on the leave . ext . horse farm , cottage - dusk 68 Tom walk briskly away , cut across the property to get to the cottage , talk softly to herself . tom wednesday , rte 119 , wednesday ... Tom can see will inside the cottage look out . she take a deep breath . int . cottage , kitchen - night 69 there 's a awkward silence . will where have you be ? 45 a tom I meet a kid who life down the road , and we be talk about rabbit . 46 will why do not you tell I where you be ? tom there be no time to tell you . it be just happen . will walk to the window and look out into the darkness . tom ( cont 'd ) I be sorry for make you worry about I . he look off . tom ( cont 'd ) if we have a phone , I could have call you . will we have always be able to communicate without all that . Tom let out a sigh and try to be comforting . tom I think we have to be able to adapt . she can see will 's reflection in the window . will there 's no place on this farm where we can not be see except for in this house . will take a seat at the table . Tom open the fridge . tom it 's impossible for they to be watch we all the time . check to see if he 's listen to she , she look over at he . he touch he beard and nod . her own anxiety slip in . tom ( cont 'd ) what if the kid at school think I be strange ? beat . will wonder what 's on she mind . tom ( cont 'd ) because of the way we be live ? 70 47 will how important be they judgement ? ext . horse farm , cottage - day 70 Jean unload the van , put a few box and two bicycle near the door of the cottage . she 's show Tom the bike when will walk up . will what 's all this about ? jean this be thing that get donate to we agency . will we do not need more thing . jean maybe you 'il find something you can really use . what about the bike ? Jean look at Tom . jean ( cont 'd ) do you know how to ride ? Tom shake she head no . jean ( cont 'd ) I be sure you father can teach you . will nod , pick up one of the box , and walk it into the house . jean ( cont 'd ) how be you feel about this place ? tom good . jean I be happy to see that you be adjust . Tom , take a look at this . Jean open the flap of one of the box . Inside the book be pack tight . 71 goldenrod revised script 48 jean ( cont 'd ) encyclopedias . every single letter . tom World Book . mine be brittanica . thank you . will heft another box . will thank you for bring this - we will sort through they . jean ok , great . she hand will a paper- clipped packet of papers . jean ( cont 'd ) this be the paperwork to enroll Tom in school . here 's the statute so you can read it and understand it . will take a deep breath , manage the overload of rule and requirement . jean ( cont 'd ) next visit , we can tackle the dmv . will have tense up . will so soon ? jean that 's one of the easier one . will force a smile . jean ( cont 'd ) I ‘'1ll see you guy in a couple of week . Jean turn toward she car . Tom and will watch she go . ext . 4-h club meeting - day 71 Tom be freeze for a moment , shy about walk into a group of kid she 's never meet . she take a deep breath and head over to the gather . isaiah introduce Tom to the member of the group . 72 49 the 4-h coach wrangle the teens . coach let 's get start . she lead the group in a health check on the rabbit . ear , fur , foot be check . Tom stand next to isaiah . he pass the rabbit to she . he lean in to show she what to do . Tom follow along . her finger burrow into the soft fur . stand there , she look like a new member of they group . int . church - day 72 Tom and will , both in church clothes , sit in a pew . the minister begin he sermon in a soothing tone . minister we be all bear with a void . that 's why we be here -- to be with each other and God . otherwise , it be too lonely . curious , Tom steal look at a few people in she pew . Mr. Walters be in front of they . minister ( cont 'd ) let I ask you this . what would you do if you have a hundred sheep and one of they wander off ? would not you leave the ninety - nine on the hillside and go look for the one that have wander away ? I be sure that find he would make you happier than have the ninety - nine that never wander off . that 's how it be with the almighty , you Father in heaven . he do not want any of he sheep to stray from the flock . Matthew 18 : 12-14 , a collection plate be pass down they row . while the plate make it down the pew , devotional dancers with silk flag perform to a song . will hand Tom two singles to donate . 73 74 75 50 int . church - day 73 after the service be over , will follow the custom of greeting and shaking hand with church member . Tom do the same . Mr. Walters greet they warmly , look very pleased to have Tom and will present . as they near the exit , Tom take brochure and literature from the membership table . ext . country road - day 74 Tom and will ride they bike home from church . the wind therapy be invigorate . will let out a yelp as he fly past Tom . int . cottage , kitchen - day 75 will be make sandwich at the counter while Tom look through the brochure she collect from the church . she open one and read it to she father . tom '' there be many way to be involved - music , devotional dance , carpentry , camp , prayer group , rock and roll , social media . she look at the next brochure . tom ( cont 'd ) '' consider membership ? have you read the doctrinal statement and core value document , and be you willing to live by this principle ? '' she steal a look at will , curious how he respond to this question . tom ( cont 'd ) '' have you read the bylaw and be you submissive to the word of the almighty as address in the by - law ? '' he turn to face she . will some people get comfort from church and some people do not . 51 he bring the sandwich to the table and sit down . tom so that 's why we go ? will Walters ask we to go . appearance , unfortunately , count . if we dress up and show up there on Sunday , people believe certain thing about we . tom like what ? will that we be more like they and that they understand we . and then they do not ask too many question . tom why have you shake hand with people ? will it 's the custom . tom but maybe you could make a friend with someone there ? will could be , but Church be not the first place to find a friend . tom I feel like I could make a real friend at 4 - H. she study he . will bite into he sandwich . tom ( cont 'd ) be you grow you beard ? he touch he beard and nod . Tom peel a orange . will stir he tea , and the clinking sound from he spoon be the only sound in the room . 76 77 52 will peel another orange in such a way that the skin come off in one long coil . she make a different shape out of he orange peel . ext . horse farm , cottage - day 76 will and Jean be in the doorway of the cottage . will pass a cell phone back to Jean . jean ok , we can wait on that . Tom approach . jean ( cont 'd ) here 's the date for the appointment with housing . Jean pass will another packet of papers , he glance at they . Jean divert she attention to Tom , and will retreat into the cottage . Jean be happy to see Tom . jean ( cont 'd ) hey there ! I have hear you have be busy . Tom nod . Jean smile . tom why 's my dad upset ? jean he 's struggle with some of the thing he agree to . Jean sigh . jean ( cont 'd ) but he need to follow through for this to work and for you guy to stay independent . wish Jean could back off a little , Tom bite she tongue . she see she father walk away from the cottage . int . barn - day 77 will walk past a row of horse enclose in stall , stroking they forehead through the bar . a horse owner enter the barn . will , know that he 's not suppose to be there , hide himself in the next stall , wait to slip out . 78 a78 79 80 53 through the bar he see the owner try to get a bit into the horse 's mouth and thread the rein through the loop of the bridle . the horse be bridle shy , do not want to go on the bit , and swing he head away . the rider tether the horse and step out to get more gear . will be face to face with the horse whose mouth metal and head gear clank against the bar . will stroke he forehead quickly and slip out . int . cottage , will 's room - night 78 will sit on he bed look out the window . (* he could also lean against the post of the porch look out - whatever 's easiest for schedule ) int . cottage , bathroom - morning a78 will groom he beard . int . cottage , tom 's room —- morning 79 will wake Tom up . when she come to , he put she back pack on the bed . will pack up some of you thing . Tom be confuse about what 's go on . he walk out . she open she dresser drawer , try to decide what to take . will walk back into she room and hand she a head lamp . she throw it into the pack . will ( cont 'd ) do not take anything you do not need . when will walk out , Tom look through the colorful donate clothes and select a shirt and hat . she toss in a few of the school supplies and bury they in the bottom of she pack . int . cottage , kitchen - morning 80 at the front door , will put on he old coat , leave the bright new coat he be give at social service on the hook . he hand Tom she old coat . she put she boot on , leave the sneaker . will switch the light on . 81 ext . horse farm , cottage - morning leave the cottage , they pass the bicycle lean up against the side of the house . she reach for she bike . will no . we leave that here . they be not ours . 53a 81 82 83 84 54 they hurry along the road off Mr. walter 's property . ext . forest park , entrance - day 82 Tom and will slip into the park from the road . ext . forest park , encampment - day 83 they arrive at what remain of they old camp . they site have be ransacke . will look at the desolation mark off with yellow '' no trespass '' tape . Tom touch one of the encyclopedias strewn about , wet and bloat . the catchment be partially down and spill over . the cache bucket be open and empty . the garden be wilted and uproote . ext . forest park — day 84 a distance from they old site , will reach up into a hollow and take out knife in a ziplock . he extend the small scissors that fold out of the pocket knife . will we need to cut you hair short . tom why ? will so you will look different . tom can we wait till we get some real scissors ? will check , but keep wear you hat . tom when be we go back ? will we be not . tom I like it there . do you really give it a try ? will we do . 54 a tom do you ? 85 55 will we choice about how we want to live be be take away one by one . he take a moment . will ( cont 'd ) they would have separate we eventually , if we do not follow they rule . hear she dad say this make she feel sad . she drop the conversation . will take out some sandwich from he backpack and they eat . he 's get the map of Forest Park laid out in front of they . tom wo not he notice that we be go ? will with luck , not till tomorrow . tom where be we go ? Tom study the map with he . tom ( cont 'd ) if we find a good place really deep in , do you think they 'il find we again ? he 's really not sure what to do . he pick up he pack , heave it onto he back , and they walk on . ext . forest park , men 's camp —- day 85 will and Tom approach the man 's camp , which be desert too . they walk a little further and see Larry . larry you can not stay here with she . now , no one can . it 's be hot since they pick you up . service light a fire under the ranger ass . and they have finally catch up with I . 86 87 56 Larry look at the dozer . will what about on the other side of the ravine ? Larry shake he head , no good . larry they be patrol everywhere . there 's no place they do not look for you . the bull dozer sound escalate with the crush of Larry 's belonging . will and Tom look at what Larry be watch : the dozer shove he structure down . larry ( cont 'd ) ( shouting over the dozer ) that 's all I have get . Tom look at the shelter collapse then back at Larry 's face . larry ( cont 'd ) I have gotta find a forest where they can not find I . ext . portland STREET - day 86 Tom and will walk in a industrial zone , under a bridge with the freeway tower above they . ext . train yard - day 87 look through a chain link fence at the train yard , Tom glance at a '' no trespass '' sign , anxious that they be go where they should not . tom what be we do here ? will look for a train that can take we out of town . tom have you ever do this before ? Tom reluctantly follow he . 88 89 57 on the track be more sign : do not enter , authorize personnel only , danger . she notice how nervous will appear , as he constantly look around . int . train car - day 88 they move back in the car and sit crouch with they pack against the back wall . they hear the train around they move on different track . Tom 's hand graze over some glass shard on the floor . she wince and wrap she finger in she sweatshirt . will see what 's happen . will let I see it . he look at she hand , root through he bag , and pull out a band - aid . he wrap it around she finger . the sound of wheel squeaking on the neighbor track be pierce . they car have not move yet . tom why be we do this ? will to save we money for food . the yard be quiet for a moment . exhausted , they wait . a freight go by on the upper track . a cop siren and bull horn break the silence . it 's a announcement direct at unauthorize people spot on the track . tom please , dad , let 's go . we should not be here . will you be right . this be a unlucky train . ext . bus station - day 89 Tom stand in a outdoor wait area at the entrance of the bus station . will come over to Tom and give she a ticket , and remind she of the drill . 58 will get in line when they call the bus . will look around . tom when you look around like that , you look nervous . he acknowledge this and head back toward the wait area . Tom get a book out of she pack . she move back into the cover portico that stretch along the front of the station . she sit on a bench next to a woman passenger , old enough to be she mother , who 's read from a tablet while wait . 90 91 59 some bus departure be announce . ext . bus station - day 90 from across the street , Valerie , the girl from social service spot Tom and head over . they be both surprised . valerie you guy be not on that ranch anymore ? Tom be catch out . Valerie sense she 's nervous . valerie ( cont 'd ) I swear I be not gonna tell anyone . Valerie look around for will . valerie ( cont 'd ) be you still with you dad ? tom yeah . valerie be you guy gonna hide out in the wood again ? tom I do not know . silence . the bus be call . Valerie give she a hug . will glance back to check on Tom from the line . she head over to the bus . int . bus - day 91 Tom walk up the aisle stay close behind the woman from the station and sit next to she on the bus . will sit in the back . a teen girl , 14 , with a roller bag head down the aisle and take a seat a couple of row in front of Tom . Tom glance at the man across the aisle whose phone be make noise . a plain clothes detective , 30 , approach the girl . Tom lean a little closer to the woman . the detective move in on the teen traveler . 5 s9a detective hey , how 's it go ? he pull a badge hang around he neck from under he shirt . the girl look nervous . detective ( cont 'd ) you travel alone ? Tom do not dare look up and turn a little more toward the woman next to she . teen girl traveler yes . I be 18 . detective do you have some id ? teen girl traveler not on I . detective be there someone who can verify you age ? the girl look around quickly try to think of some way out . detective ( cont 'd ) you gotta come with I so we can look into you situation . the detective lead she away . Tom steal a look . 92 93 60 Tom 's attention turn back to the man swiping through numerous photo . he take selfies . will notice all the photo action . int . bus - day 92 when the woman be asleep , Tom get up and head back to where will be sit . Tom sit down next to she father . will what be you do ? tom I miss you . no one 's look at we right now . the Valerie encounter weigh heavy on she . tom ( cont 'd ) just before I get on the bus , I run into the girl I meet at service . she swore she will not say anything about see we . hear this , will be anxious , but try to rein it in . int . bus - day 93 Tom have fall asleep on he shoulder . he put he arm around she . 94 95 96 61 int . / ext . bus - dusk 94 the bus pull into a stop , and there 's a announcement on the bus PA system : '' be back on the bus in 10 minute . '' omit 95 int . truck stop , market place - night 96 in the snack lounge , Tom wait for will near a blink vend machine . anxious that they 'il miss the bus , she look out the glass door . she speak through the bathroom door to will . tom dad , the bus be gonna leave . she see the bus pull away . will come out of the bathroom . will we be not get back on . he try to drop it , but can not . will ( cont 'd ) be the woman on the bus ask you anything ? tom nothing . she barely notice I . she be do thing with she phone . will and the girl at the station - she mighta see what bus we be on . Tom look down , nod no , avoid he . tom this be not the way we use to be . will swallow hard . 61 a will we can not take any chance . 97 98 62 ext . truck stop , parking area - night 97 Tom hang back on the curb of the lot . from where she stand amid the din of cb radio , police scanner static , and engine noise , she can see a security guard do he round , listen into a earbud . will approach a 18 wheeler where the driver be stand outside of he cab . will any chance you could give we a lift -- I and my daughter ? the driver glance over at Tom , note she age . driver 1 ( 0.s. ) I do not get involved with this stuff . will quickly move away . ext . truck stop , parking area - night 98 will approach another truck where the driver be climb back into he cab . will hi there . truck driver 2 what can I do for you ? will we break down . any chance you could take we up the road a bit ? the driver quickly take stock of will . he lean in , come closer to Tom to address she directly . truck driver 2 everything ok here ? Tom nod . truck driver 2 ( cont ’d ) let I talk to the kid a minute . will take a step back . the driver lean so that they back be to will . truck driver 2 ( cont ’d ) if you be in trouble here - she spell it out in the most sincere way she can . 63 tom my dad and I just really need a ride . the driver take a hard look at Tom , who show no sign of distress . truck driver 2 I just wanna know that I be doin 's the right thing . hop in . will thanks , man . 99 int . truck , parked - night 99 the truck be neatly organize . the driver 's sleep area be comfortable and decorate with a nature scene paint on velvet . on the driver 's bed be a little dog . truck driver 2 the kid can ride back there . Willie Nelson 's really friendly - be not you , Willie ? Tom crawl to the sleep cabin . will settles in shotgun . the driver put on some music . Tom pet the dog who 's rest its head on she . the truck pull out . [ insert shot of night road for passage of time ] 100 int . truck - day 100 the truck have leave the highway and be climb up a two lane road in the mountain . the driver listen to the news on the radio . Tom have fall asleep . will look out the window . they pass a clear cut area and impose power line tower . the driver shake he head slightly at the news . truck driver 2 see you and you daughter remind I of I and my daughter . I use to take she camp up here . we use to have a little place back in there . not no more . 101 int . truck - day 101 the first sign of open wilderness be visible from the window . 102 64 truck driver 2 we just cross into Washington . will register this . truck driver 2 ( cont ’d ) where have you say you be head ? will not too far from here . after a few more curve ahead , will see a old log road . will ( cont 'd ) we be up near that next bend . anywhere you be able to pull over . he 's concerned . driver you sure ? here ? will nod . the driver look for a spot to pull the truck over . will turn around to talk to Tom . will sweetie , we be here . we have gotta get out . ext . forest road - day 102 they get out of the truck . will thanks , much . the driver toot the horn and pull away . Tom and will put they pack on . tom it feel a lot colder . will it 's the altitude . will try to orient himself with the map . Tom add a layer of clothes . will do the same . 65 103 ext . forest , logging path - day 103 will lead the way along the path . Tom be lag behind , tired . he check on she . will it 's important to keep up the pace , or we will get even colder . tom I be try ! my foot be really sting . he root through he pack and get out dry sock . will my foot be sting , too . they sit down on a log to change sock . he guide Tom 's foot under he shirt to warm they up . they put on the dry sock . will wrap plastic bag around she foot . she struggle to get she boot back on . they look around try to get they bearing as to what direction to choose , but it all look the same . Tom fix on some power line . tom do you see any power line ? the have lead we somewhere . would not they be connect to house ? will they could , or they might just go up and over the mountain . Tom look around for any other sign of where to go . tom what do you think we should do ? will keep move . 104 ext . forest - day 104 they resume walk . tom I can not bend my finger . 105 66 he gesture for she to put she hand in she arm pit . will it can happen quickly . that 's why we have get to keep move . he put out he hand to tug she along . he hand the last of they water to she . she take a few sip and pass the bottle back to he . will ( cont 'd ) you need it . it 's important to drink . finish the rest . she take a few more sip . in the distance , they see that the power line just keep go and will not lead they anywhere . tom dad , my leg be stiff . she look to he for help . tom ( cont 'd ) what be we look for ? have you ever be here ? will not to this exact place . the fact that he have no specific location hit she hard . tom there 's no cabin ? ext . forest - day 105 will set down he pack . adrenaline be coursing through . he look behind they and into the void ahead , try to decide how to gamble . tom I can not feel my foot . he follow he gut about which choice give they a better chance of survive . will collect branch . Tom , so stiff that she can only move slowly , collect branch and bough . will drag over a large fall branch . 66a will prop one end of the branch against a stump , create a spine for a structure . he then start lean branch and stick against the spine . 106 67 will ( cont 'd ) keep add to this . he drag another bough from a fall tree , break off piece with he foot . he show Tom how to layer the bough over the stick to create the debris shelter . he cut sword fern branch with he knife and give they to Tom to layer on . will ( cont 'd ) line the bottom . we can not let the moisture reach we . she 's add pine needle . he toss she some cedar . she do not take it . will ( cont 'd ) use cedar for that . tom what do it matter ? will it matter . Cedar keep back the moisture . she stop move . he wrap she in a mylar rescue blanket that 's be in he pack since the park day . they change into dry pants , add whatever layer they can . he start to stuff debris into he coat -- he sleeve , he hat . he put some in she hat and pass a bundle for the inside of she coat . will gather moss and squeeze it tightly to get some drop of water . squeeze it take all he strength . he drip water into Tom 's mouth . she climb into the shelter . from inside , they cover the open with bough and stick . ext . survival shelter - night 106 107 108 109 68 will still sting ? tom yes . will in the morning , we will have water . she do not answer . will ( cont 'd ) tomorrow , we will have light , we will find we place . tom be we go to freeze in we sleep ? will no , you will wake up if you get too cold . we will get through this . ext . forest , survival shelter - morning 107 the shelter be illuminate by the light of morning . it be utterly still in the forest . will click noise ( be you still here ? ) she click back ( yes ) . they crawl out of the shelter . ext . forest , survival shelter - day 108 nearby , will get more moist moss and they each get a few drop . they set off from the debris shelter , trudging stiffly . ext . forest , cabin - day 109 Tom be the first to spot a structure up ahead . a hundred foot closer , and they can see that it 's a small rustic cabin . will mutter word of thanks to himself . a110 69 Tom pick up the pace . the remain adrenalin in she body kick in , and she make it to the door first . will pries the latch off the door frame carefully use a rusted metal bar on the porch shelf . int . cabin - day 110 the cabin be bare bone . Wood wall , simple furniture , wood stove . Tom see some child 's book and game on a shelf near a small couch . Tom investigate a photo on the fridge of the family who own the cabin . he turn on the faucet . no water come out . ext . cabin - day a110 will look at the power source for the cabin . solar battery , long drain , encrust with nature debris . int . cabin - day 111 will light a fire in the stove . when it catch , he twirl Tom into a wool blanket . once Tom be in one blanket , will wrap a second one around she . she 's so tightly wrap that he prop she onto the sofa . he move she closer to the fire to warm she foot . they watch the flame . will any better ? tom tingling , throbbing . will nod . will that 's what happen when they warm back up . tom what about you ? will mostly ok . 69 a int . cabin - night 112 he take out the three can of soup in the kitchen cabinet and heat one up . Tom can see that he 's limping a little . will draw the curtain and light a few candle . 70 they sit at the table eat the soup . while will look at a map , Tom put she hand over the flame until it 's too hot to keep there . will get up to check the map that 's on the wall . will nod , will ( trace route with he finger ) cut across this ridge here , and if not , hitch from the road . tom I wish we could just stay here for a while . will we need provision . tom this be kind of perfect . appreciate the remote , cosy tranquility . tom ( cont 'd ) maybe we can build ourselves a place like this . will need to own a little land . tom what about a small house that 's in a tree ? we would not need land for that . we have just need one tree . will smile at the rare moment when he be amused by she kid logic . he keep the optimistic plan go . will in the spring we can find a place where nobody will bother we . will double check the cabinet to see if they have miss any food supply . he reach to the back of a cabinet turn up only condiment . tom do you miss the thing we have back at the farm ? will that be never really we thing . 114 71 int . cabin - night 113 will look over and see that Tom have already fall asleep . he finally look relieved . he sit on the chair across from she . even though he know she can not hear he , he whisper to she . will sleep tight , yellow . he blow out the candle . int . cabin - morning 114 the two remain can of soup be on the counter . will which one do you want first ? tom minestrone . they make a shopping list together . will what be I miss ? he pass the list to she , and she write down a few item . tom bean . noodle . she draw a big mushroom on the list . he smile . Tom bring over a wool sweater for will to layer under he coat . he bundle up to leave . she hand he some sock . Tom give he a hug . tom ( cont 'd ) dad , you be sure I should not come with you ? he put the sock in he pocket . 72 will no , it 's important for you to let you foot recover . tom what about yours ? will they be fine . tom but you be still limping . will bad blister can do that . she look at he , wonder if he 's leveling with she . will hand Tom a debit card . will ( cont 'd ) do you remember the code ? tom yes . from the window , Tom can see will walk away from the cabin . int . cabin - dusk 115 Tom spend a lonely night in the cabin . she open the last can of soup , and cook half of it . the wind rattles the cabin . she look out the window . int . cabin - night 116 Tom draw the curtain , light a candle , and settles in to wait for she dad . she get up and open the curtain . she look at the map on the wall of the cabin , see in detail the ridge and pass . she sit back in the chair . wait . int . cabin - day 117 Tom cook the second half of the can of soup . she clean she blister toe , wrapping they in gauze . she put on two pair of sock and she shoe . 120 73 she tie a rope to a small metal pot on one end and a colorful pattern table cloth on the other . ext . forest , cabin - day 118 Tom survey the land around the cabin , try to see which direction will might be come from . she decide on a tree that stand alone from the other and attempt to throw the metal pot over a branch so it will catch the tablecloth in the tree . after two attempt , the object fly high enough for the cloth to get snag in the tree . she stand back wonder how far away the colorful , wave fabric can be see . she shift from foot to foot try to keep warm . branch creak , the wind stir , no sign of will . she head back to the cabin . int . cabin - day 119 with no soup leave , Tom stand on the counter and look into the very back of the high cabinet shelf to see if they might have miss something . she find nothing edible . she open the lower cabinet . on she hand and knee she almost crawl inside . from the way back , she pull out a box of pancake mix . there 's only a little in the box , and she tap out every drop and add water . when she pour it into the skillet , it make one large pancake . she eat the pancake slowly . int . cabin - day 120 Tom stuff she clothes into she pack . she walk over to a pile of will 's belonging , thing he would remove from he pack when he set off across the ridge . she be hesitant to touch a envelope that be fill with document , but peer in , decide it be important . from the thing he leave behind , she take the pouch of document , he notebook , a well wear map of Forest Park . when she look again inside the pouch , she find a snap shot of will , she mother , and herself as a baby . there 's another photo of a soldier in a hospital , one of a soldier in dress uniform , and a newspaper article . 121 122 123 74 she find a couple of she drawing , along with poem and passage that he 's tear out from book and fold into he sketch book . she open a fold page take from the iliad . tom ( read the page ) Achilles go on grieve for he friend , whom he could not banish from he mind . sleep refuse to visit he . he toss to one side and the other , think always of he loss ... as memory crowded in on he , the warm tear pour down he cheek . she find a little plastic capsule with some small tooth inside . a fold paper have be insert with the tooth . tom ( cont 'd ) ( read the note ) Tom 's baby tooth . she look at the object , hold back tear . Tom light every candle in the cabin . ext . forest , cabin - night 121 on the front railing of the porch , she drip wax and line the candle up . she yell as loudly as she can . tom dad ! she wait . she hear the wind in the tree and the spitting of the candle flame . she go back inside and stand at the window , look out . int . cabin - day 122 Tom tidy up the cabin , leave it in good shape . she bundle back up , put on layer . ext . forest , accident site - day 123 Tom walk deep into the wood , look for track . periodically , she stop to listen for sound . in the distance , she hear a engine sound and quicken she pace in that direction . as she near the edge of a ravine , a spot of color catch she eye . she see she father at the bottom . she scramble down the ravine to where he lie . 124 75 tom dad ? no answer . she swallow hard . tom ( cont 'd ) dad ? she run over to he and shake he gently . he 's slightly responsive , not fully conscious , but still breathe . she run she finger across he forehead , which be scrape and smear with dry blood . tom ( cont 'd ) oh , dad . she put she hand on he face , try to warm he . she hear the engine again , but they stop before she can figure out what direction they be come from . tom ( cont 'd ) someone 's in this wood . I hear engine before . Tom open she pack and layer the remain garment over she father . she put water to he lip . she stow the water bottle inside he sweater . she open she father 's pack and see that he have get they provision . she hold she father tight . tom ( cont 'd ) I be get we some help . will nod . she walk away , back up , afraid to turn she back on he . Tom turn to concentrate on where she should be head , but she finally break down . she lean against a tree wiping sting tear from she chap cheek . she do not know which way to walk . she turn 360 , wait for the sound again . the engine resume ; she move as fast as she can . she can hear human voice , music , and the engine . ext . forest , atv site - day 124 as she get closer to the sound , she see that it 's come from two teenager , who be horsing around on atvs . at first , no one notice she . 76 Tom run into they path to get they attention . one of the driver , colin , 18 , notice she . he 's surprised to see someone just appear , stop immediately , and cut he engine . tom I need some help . colin what 's wrong ? tom my dad 's hurt . I need help carry he . Colin nod for she to get on the atv . tom ( cont 'd ) I come from that direction . Tom point the way . colin you gotta hold on . she put she arm around he . they drive into the wood and Colin 's friend follow . 125 ext . forest , accident site - day 125 it 's not clear if will be still alive . the two teens be suddenly scared . Tom approach will , whisper softly . tom dad , we be go . will nod slightly . the two boy help Tom roll the stump off of will and load he onto the atv . they tie will to Colin so he will not fall off . 126 ext . forest - day 126 Tom hold will in place on the atv . Colin drive carefully . 127 ext . dale 's house - day 127 the teens pull into a gravel driveway which lead up to a cabin . the light be on inside . 128 77 colin this be the only place anywhere near here . Tom knock . the door be answer by dale , a middle - age woman in carhart . tom I need some help . Dale look over to Colin , who she recognize as a local kid . dale they friend of yours ? Colin shrug and shake he head . Dale gesture for they to bring will in . int / ext . dale' house - day 128 will be laid onto a couch . Colin and he friend back they way to the door . dale tell I what happen . tom his leg 's hurt . he be lose for three day . he fall somehow . dale he 's gotta get to a hospital . Dale pick up she phone , poise to dial . tom can anyone from here help ? dale they 'il treat he even if you do not have money . tom he do not like people to ask lot of question . dale his leg be mess up bad . what kind of trouble be you in ? tom we be not in trouble . can we just take care of it ourselves ? 129 130 78 Dale step out onto she porch , dial , and talk to someone . Tom can not hear what 's she 's say . int . dale 's house - day 129 blane , 40s , a former marine corpsman , begin to triage will . he gesture for Dale to take Tom out of the room , so he can get to work . when blane lay he hand on will to examine the injury , the touch jolt will into awareness . he catch blane 's eye , but quickly turn away . blane let I help you , brother . will nod slightly . blane do a procedure to check will 's head injury , use a light to look into he eye . ext . dale 's house , porch - day 130 dale what happen out there ? tom we get lose . Dale 's not sure what that mean . dale where be you guy head ? tom I do not think we know where we be go . 131 79 dale where be you home ? tom with my dad . Dale want to follow up with more question , but she 's interrupt by blane who come into the kitchen to update they . blane he 's splint and tape up . it 's gonna knit back , but it 's 1ll take time . he might have lose some function in he toe , but everything 's clean . Tom steal a look at Dale to see how she 's take it all in . blane ( cont 'd ) he 's drowsy from what I give he . but try to get more food in he , when you can . blane look to Tom , and then hand Dale some pill . blane ( cont 'd ) for pain . Dale give he a hug . he smile at Tom . blane ( cont 'd ) I 'il come back and check on he . tom thank you . blane leave . int . dale' house - night 131 Dale be wrestle with a roll cot . Tom help she pull it into the main room . dale I trust you , but there 's other people here that might not . if you dad 's in some kinda trouble , I need you to tell I ' cuz folk here be not lookin’ to get mix up in somethin’ . Dale look Tom in the eye . Tom shake she head no . 132 133 134 135 80 int . dale' house - night 132 Dale and Tom cover will . Tom squeeze will 's hand . they unfold the cot so it 's next to the sofa where will lie . they make the bed . Tom get into she cot . will shift position and become aware of she next to he . he speak softly ; the word be stick in he throat . will so sorry . she can hear that he 's choke up . he try to say more . she spare they the agony of vocalize he regret . tom I know you be . they lie silently , neither know what to say . ext . dale 's property - morning 133 she look around the property to get a sense of where they have land . she see several rv set up in a long - term way -- little yard , clothes line , chime . one rv have color crate stack off to the side . omit 134 omitted 135 136 137 138 81 ext . remote rv - day 136 as Dale and Tom approach the remote rv , Dale double check that Tom prefer the remote rv over the other . dale I have get the other rv up the hill , one have a little yard -- tom no , this be good . my dad will like this one . dale he 's gonna need a while to recover . tom we will not be in you way here . Dale look Tom in the eye , try to figure out who this two traveler be . Tom return she gaze calmly and honestly . behind they , a small bobcat dozer , drive by andy , Dale 's partner , bob down the hill transport a mattress . omit 137 int . remote rv - day 138 there be two small room -- a general live space and a small bedroom in the back . they set will up in the back , prop up he leg on a pillow . will steal a look at Dale . 139 82 dale ( to Tom ) you know where to find I . will we will not be here long . thank you . dale it 's not a problem . Dale smile at they as she leave . Tom sit on the edge of will 's bed . from the rv 's window , she observe a bird work on its nest . ext . susan 's dwelling - day 139 Tom venture over to the stack color crate . she watch susan , the woman she have notice before . susan have you ever see inside a bee hive ? Tom stay train on what he 's do -- use a smoking can to spread smoke around one of the crate . tom can I look inside ? she hand Tom a veil to put over she head . Susan open one of the hive so she can look inside . she add more smoke so they can inspect the colony . susan first important thing to know -- bee do not get aggressive unless they think they hive be be invade . Susan allow the bee to land on she . susan ( cont 'd ) they be just waking up . this queen I have get now , this be she third year , and she 's go strong . 140 141 83 tom can I help ? Susan hand she the smoker . omit 140 int . remote rv , will 's room - day 141 Tom check on will who 's look out the window . she enter he room with two cup of tea and the jar of honey . she hand a cup to will . tom dad , there 's some interesting thing in this place . will like what , for example ? tom there 's a beekeeper who life here . she catch he eye . she lift the jar of honey . tom ( cont 'd ) this be from the bee , from right here . when you can walk , I wanna show you . will manage to lift he leg a little . after a second , he put it down . tom ( cont 'd ) it will take a little while , dad . will sigh . his mind race ahead . will what have you tell this folk about we ? tom not a lot . they have not ask I much . will what have they ask you ? tom Dale ask I if we be in trouble . I say no . we be not , right ? 142 84 will use he arm to try again to lift he leg . will do you think they call anyone ? tom call who ? will people who will try to move we somewhere . tom I do not think they have do that here . will what make you say that ? tom it 's a feel I get . sitting on the edge of she father 's bed , she lift the honey jar off the window sill and add a spoonful to she tea . she dip the spoon again and turn to will . tom ( cont 'd ) want to try it ? will yes . she drizzle a long strand of honey into he cup . ext . dale 's cabin - day 142 Tom head over toward Dale 's . blane be in the yard with he dog , hector . they greet Tom warmly . blane how 's he do ? tom he 's try to get up on the crutch . blane take time . Tom seize the opportunity to talk about she dad to someone who she sense will not use it against they . tom he want to leave . blane nod , understanding . he run he hand over hector 's head and bring he closer . 143 144 145 85 blane this be hector . he 's help I a lot . Tom reach out to the dog , who let she pet he . blane ( cont 'd ) you wanna take he for a couple of day ? blane put he arm out and hector balance on he hind leg so blane can hug he . he let hector jump back to all four . blane ( cont 'd ) I think you dad might like have he around . let he sleep in you dad 's room . Tom look at he curiously . blane ( cont 'd ) hector can nudge he so he can come out of the dream . he do that for I . hector bury he snout in blane 's hand . int . remote rv - day 143 Tom bring the dog inside the rv . she let hector pad he way into will 's room . tom dad , that 's hector . blane ask if we could watch he for a few day . hector have rest he snout on will 's bed , look at will with raise eyebrow . will can not resist look into the dog 's eye . he put he hand out , and hector lick it . Tom steal a glance at she dad relate to the dog and smile , feel relieved for the first time in a long while . she put food in hector 's bowl and head out . omit 144 ext . dale 's cabin - day 145 Tom and Dale be at the trunk of Dale 's car unload grocery . Tom carry one of the bag to the porch . 86 Tom have something she want to say to Dale . finally , she just blurt it out as she pull some fold cash from she pocket . tom this be what I have get leave . we want to stay . she show Dale the money in she hand . Dale push the money back to Tom . dale you be welcome to stay down there till you dad get better . if you guy be to be here for a long time , it cost something to stay on -- for propane , water , thing like that . tom so be this enough ? dale I do not need to take you money right now . tom we want to stay a long time . Tom try again . Dale take a symbolic few bill . dale I can take this as a deposit . ( assure she ) I be not gonna rent the place out from under you . take a deep breath . you can stay . tom I like live here . Tom lean into the trunk to get another grocery bag . Dale be stuff some of the can she buy into a canvas bag . when the bag be full , she tie it shut and roll it into a forest pattern tarp . tom ( cont 'd ) what 's that for ? dale I leave this out for someone who life up in the peninsula . I have not see he in year , but I know he get the food . when I come back to check , the bag 's always empty . I know he appreciate it . 146 147 87 ext . dale 's property - day 146 Tom watch as Dale stand on a stump and wedge the bag into the branch of the tree . dale it 's be the same spot for year . she pat the tree . int . remote rv - day 147 Tom take mushroom out of a grocery bag and then out of they shrink wrap plastic container . while they cook , she look in on she father , who 's get they map laid out on he bed . tom be you hungry ? will yes . will come out of he room on the crutch . Tom be surprised to see he up . tom you be up ! will be practice . he swing he leg around to sit at the table . Tom serve they each a plate of mushroom . will dig in , and smile at she , relishing the mushroom . Tom be preoccupy . tom I want to tell you something . will please do . tom I pay for this place , so we can stay here . will that be the right thing to do -- pay they something for let we be here . tom I rent this place . so we can live here . 148 149 150 151 88 will nod and keep eat . omit 148 int . remote rv , will 's room - night 149 hector be lie next to will on the bed . will pet he head . ext . remote rv - day 150 Tom and will be walk near they rv . will try a few step off he crutch , gingerly put weight on he leg , try to walk normally . Tom hear music from a small party in Dale 's yard . blane see they from a distance and wave . Tom notice several neighbor carry chair over towards Dale 's . tom c'mon ? will gonna walk around . strengthen the leg . tom dad , please . they be good people . she stare at he , implore . will feel a tug and he oblige . omit 151 152 153 89 ext . dale 's cabin - day 152 the gather be in process . several people be play music . Dale be grill . will manage to get he thanks out to blane . will you look out for she . thank you . blane put he hand on will 's shoulder , acknowledge will 's gratitude . will observe -- he can see that Tom be comfortable , and that Dale be warm towards she . he stand a little apart to avoid the chance encounter . Tom steal a look to check on he . while one of the neighbor be sing , will quietly slip away . ext . susan 's dwelling - day 153 will move quickly , despite the weaken leg . he do not know that Tom have follow he . tom dad , wait up . he stop and wait for she . tom ( cont 'd ) can I show you something ? Tom beckon will over to she hive . 154 90 tom ( cont 'd ) have you ever see inside of a hive ? Tom approach the hive with the smoker . he shake he head no . the music from the gather have change , and a different song waft over the yard . tom ( cont 'd ) come closer . she add a few puff of smoke before she open the hive . will come closer to get a look . tom ( cont 'd ) Close you eye . will do . Tom let the bee collect on she arm . tom ( cont 'd ) open . she show she dad the arm up close . will take in how comfortable she be . the bee cover Tom 's arm like a long glove . she be very alive , feel everything . tom ( cont 'd ) it 's ok , even if they get upset . a person can withstand 500 sting . she lock eye with will . she smile because it feel good . will gonna walk around . she move to transfer the bee back to the hive . tom ok . ext . dale 's house - day 154 Tom have return to the gather . they have build a fire . someone in the group be sing . 155 156 91 ext . remote rv - night 155 will be on the front stair of the rv listen to the distant music from the gather , but he react to all sound nearby . he get up to check around the rv , then sit back down . hector move closer to will and put he head on will 's knee . will ( to hector ) she know what she 's do . Tom approach the rv hum a line from the song at the shindig . she join she dad . Tom put she arm around he . together , they be 50 % agony ; 50 % hope . tom I know that you have some thing in you mind that I can not understand . the Pacific Tree frog start up they chorus and they listen together . int . remote rv - morning 156 when Tom look in will 's room , she stop in she track . his few item of clothing be on the bed , along with the map , and some food . tom what be you do ? you leg be not even heal all the way . he finish roll a blanket . tom ( cont 'd ) it will not heal right . I do not want to leave . will look down , search for word to explain . tom ( cont 'd ) last time you almost die - he raise he eye to look at she . tom ( cont 'd ) and you would have if I have not find you . he look down , think . 157 92 will it will not happen to we again . she want he to understand ; she try again . tom the people here be not very different from we . do not you see that ? will yes . they have be very good to we , but we need to go back to we own way of life . tom why can not you stay ? will shut he eye , wishing he have word for it . he pack food . Tom be frustrated . she watch he pack the few last thing . tom ( cont ’d ) the same thing that 's wrong with you be not wrong with I . she 's scared that she just say that . she hear the door of the rv click . she will not turn around to look . ext . remote rv - day 157 will pace around the back of rv , hector trail he . he can not leave . Tom exit the rv and watch will from behind a tree . a157 158 159 93 int . remote rv - day a157 Tom stuff clothes and journal into she pack . from the rv , she can see that will be on the wood path look out for she , look back , wait for she . ext . wood near dale 's —- day 158 Tom can see will in the distance . he can not move as quickly as he once do . Tom soon overtake he . tom be you just go to leave ? will no , I want you to come with I . you home be with I . and mine be with you . her tear well up . will ( cont 'd ) at least that 's the way it 's always be . she squeeze he hand . ext . wood near dale 's —- day 159 they have be hike for a while on a evergreen line log path . will stop to rest . they sit in silence . he look up at a big tree above they , lose in think . will we will find a good spot . will pass Tom some of the bread he pack . he 's bring she jar of honey , with the label that she 's decorate . she take the jar , but do not open it . will reach for the jar and drizzle some honey on the bread . she look out into the expanse of wood . she know why she dad love be in the forest . a gust of wind rustle the branch . a wild hare forage , unafraid . the tree sway . he stand up ready to continue the search for they new place . 160 ext . wood near dale 's - later will stop to look at the map and get he bearing . will we can keep bee at we next place . 93aa 93a 94 will ( cont 'd ) we can find a good spot like we have in Forest Park . do not you want that ? tom we be not go to find that again . he start to walk . Fighting heavy resistance , Tom follow she father . she lag behind he . he look back at she . Tom be distant and upset . [ wildlife image ] . he slow down until she catch up . the leave rustle loudly . she look at he . tom ( cont 'd ) dad - in the silence it become clear what she 's about to say . will can you find you way back ? tom yes . will 's eye well up . tom ( cont 'd ) [ you teach I . ] will tell that we will be in touch . tom will you check on I ? will yes . tom I know you would stay if you could . will nod . Tom bury she tear in he shoulder and hug he . tom ( cont 'd ) I love you , Green . will I love you , yellow . he hug she tightly . tom you know where to find I . 95 will find it hard to let go . Tom take the mushroom guide out of she pack and hand it to he . they stand in arm 's reach , neither able to make the first move . will nod that it 's ok . Tom begin walk backwards , watch she dad walk away . she hold the seahorse until she dad become small in the distance . when she can no longer see he , she turn forward and head back in the direction of Dale 's . ext . wood near dale be - day 161 halfway back to Dale 's , hector meet she on the path . tom he have to go . hector look in the direction of will . Tom face forward . end