( c ) 1990 the Walt Disney company compile by Scott A. concilla ( skippy6400@delphi.com ) July ' 95 the character : Major character ( voice by ... ) Bernard ( Bob newhart ) miss bianca ( Eva gabor ) wilbur ( John candy ) Jake ( Tristan Rogers ) cody ( Adam ryen ) percival mcleach ( George c. Scott ) minor character joanna ( Frank welker ) Frank ( Wayne robson ) krebb ( Douglas seale ) chairmouse ( Bernard Fox ) Doctor ( Bernard Fox ) Red ( Peter firth ) baitmouse ( billy barty ) francois ( Ed Gilbert ) faloo ( carla meyer ) mother ( carla meyer ) nurse mouse ( russi Taylor ) non-speak polly ; kookie ; snake ; marahute ; dowager ; milktoast ; cricket cook ; telegraph mouse ; Nelson ; sparky ; twister ; razorback ; Ranger . release date : November 16 , 1990 running time : 74 minute the rescuer down under the complete script ( open : the camera slowly zoom through a variety of insect and rock . we follow a small yellow bug climb up a blade of grass . as it spread its wing to fly , we be whisk along the Australian outback and prairie by ayer rock and eventually slow down as we approach cody 's house . ) ( scene : inside cody 's room . the camera pan around to show cody sleep in he hammock . the sound of faloo 's call be hear . cody hear it , jump out of bed , and run to the window . he put on he shirt and grab he knife . ) ( scene : cody sneak past he mother who be in the kitchen listen to the radio . ) announcer : ... thundershower be expect in the crocodile Falls area and some of the surround gully so take out you ... ( scene : outside cody 's house . cody leave the house , and close the door behind he , but not quietly . ) Mom : ( from inside upon hearing the door ) cody ! cody : ( whince ) yeah mom ? Mom : what about you breakfast ? cody : I have get some sandwich in my pack . Mom : well be home for supper . cody : ( hopping the gate ) no worry mom . ( scene : cody run toward the forest ; faloo 's call be hear in the background . he run past some rock formation and enter the wood . bird follow he ; and squak at he . ) cody : ( to the bird ) I know , I be come . ( cody jump over a hollow log ) hustle up Nelson , faloo 's sounding the call ! ( cody slide through a log , pick up a stick , and beat on the roof of the wombat home . ) c'mon little wombat , hurry ! ( cody continue to run through the forest with all of the animal follow he . ) ( cody arrive at the tree where faloo have be sounding the call . ) ( to faloo ) who 's catch this time ? faloo : you do not know she , cody , she name be marahute , the great golden eagle . cody : where be she ? faloo : she 's catch , high on a cliff in a poacher 's trap . you be the only one who can reach she . cody : I will get she loose . faloo : right -oh , hop on , no time to lose . ( cody hop onto faloo and they travel through the forest and along a stream / river ; more scene of animal and the forest . ) ( they arrive at the cliff . ) ( point up towards the cliff ) she 's up on top of that ridge . be careful lit'l friend . ( scene : various " time lapse " view of cody climb up the cliff . ) ( cody reach the top and see the eagle . ) cody : marahute ! ( cody look at the eagle ; he approach she slowly ; she hear he and wake up ; marahute screech and struggle to get free . ) ( reassure ) calm down , calm down . I be not gonna hurt you . ( cody stroke marahute on the head ) that 's a girl . stay still ... it 's o.k . ( cody get out he knife ; marahute see the glint of the knife and begin to struggle and scream ) no wait ! I be here to help you ... easy !... easy ! ( cody cut two rope . cody cut the last rope to free marahute . ) you be free !! ( as marahute spread she wing to fly , she knock cody off the cliff . ) aaaiigh ! ( cody fall ; marahute dive down to catch he ; she catch he just before he hit the ground ; they begin to fly around ; the animal see cody on marahute and stand in awe ; marahute file over several rock formation ; the fly up above the cloud ; cody look at he reflection in marahute 's eye . ) Higher ! ( they fly even higher above the cloud ; marahute throw cody and catch he ; cody be now hold in marahute 's talon . ) woah ! ( cody mock a eagle screech ; he laugh as marahute tickle he ; they cruise above the cloud which eventually open up to show the ground ; marahute nose dive towards the ground and a stream ; she hold cody just high enough above the water so that he be water ski ; they approach a flock of bird ; marahute let cody go and he skim through the bird , scatter they ; marahute grab cody just before he fall in and then put cody right in front of she , on she beak ( push he from behind ) ; they go over the egde of a waterfall ; marahute catch cody again ; this time he ride by stand on she back ; they arrive at marahute 's nest ) wow ! ( cody and marahute look at each other ; cody fall over as he attempt to look at marahute upside down . marahute move some grass and feather to show cody she egg ) you be a mom ! ( cody put he ear to the egg ) they be very warm . be they gonna hatch soon ? ( marahute ruffle she neck feather in a affectionate manner ; she sit on the egg and then look out " over she domain " . ) where 's the daddy eagle ? ( marahute drop she head ) oh ... my dad 's go too . ( cody give marahute a affectionate stroke ; as they fix the cover on the egg , the wind pick up and blow a feather in cody 's face ; he look at it , play with it , and put it back . marahute pick it up and give it to cody and he give she a hug . ) ( marahute and cody be now on the ground ; marahute take off and cody run around make fly noise ) ( scene : just inside the forest . a want poster of mcleach be post on a tree ; a mouse be tie up with a bell attach to it that ring as it struggle ; cody hear the bell and go over to the mouse . ) cody : heh heh ... hey little fella , what happen to you ? baitmouse : ( panic ) oh no ! no , no , no , no !! get away , get away ! it 's a trap , it 's a trap . be careful , no ! cody : ( as the mouse be speak ) do not worry , I will get you loose . woah ! ( cody fall into the trap . he look up to see a blink light and the alarm . ) ( scene : mcleach 's truck ; the radar have a blip on the screen . ) mcleach : ( laugh ) get one !! ( scene : back in the hole / trap where cody have fall . ) baitmouse : ( from the top of the hole ) be you alright ? cody : ( rub he head ) yeah , I think so . baitmouse : okey -dokey . ( he run off ) cody : wait ! hey ! come back ! ( cody try to climb out ; he get halfway up , grab a tree root ; it break and he fall ; the baitmouse begin to lower a vine down to help cody ) baitmouse : here you go , grab on . cody : that 's great , just a little more , a little further ... there ! I get it . ( a rumble be hear and the ground begin to shake . ) baitmouse : uh-oh . ( view of mcleach 's vehicle trample through the forest disturbing everything ) baitmouse : yipe ! ( the vine be severe as mcleach 's truck come to a screeching halt ; cody fall ; the truck open ; joanna lean over pit and growl ; cody yell ) mcleach : ( unseen , approach the trap ) well joanna , what would we get today ? a dingo , a fat ol ' razorback , or a nice big .... ( he see cody ) boy ?!? ( mcleach think for a second , give a dirty look to joanna and kick she . ) joanna , you be diggin ' hole out here again ?? ( mumble to himself ) Dumb lizard always tryin ' to bury squirrel out here . cody : unh-unh . it 's a trap , and poachin 's against the law . mcleach : trap ?! where would you get a idea like that ?? Boy I think you have be down in that hole for too long . ( he hold he gun out so that cody can grab it ) well c'mon , grab ahold . we will get you out of this little ol ' lizard hole and you can just run along home . ( joanna have spot the baitmouse on cody 's backpack . she hiss and make a face . ) cody : this be a poacher 's trap and you 're a poacher . ( the mouse duck back into the backpack ; joanna jump on cody , knock mcleach into the hole ; he gun go off ; joanna begin to attach cody 's backpack . ) ( to joanna ) let go !! hey get off of I !! mcleach : I be gonna kill she . ( climb out of the hole ) I be gonna kill that dumb , slimey , egg-sucke salamander . cody : cut it out ! get off of I ! ( joanna continue to attack the backpack ; mcleach pick up he gun ; he point it at joanna ; look through gun scope mcleach aim at joanna , she try to get out of he view ; as she do this , mcleach spot the feather in cody 's pack ; he pick up cody by he backpack . ) mcleach : hmmm .... good girl joanna . ( joanna look up and grin happily . ) ( to cody ) say where would you get this pretty feather boy ? cody : ( humbly ) it be a present . mcleach : ( coddle ) oh , that 's real nice . who give it to ya ? cody : ( stumbling ) it 's a 's ... secret . mcleach : that 's no secret boy , you see , ( menace ) I already get the father . ( make a cut sound and draw a feather across he neck like he be slashing a throat ) . he , he he . you just tell I where momma and that little egg be . ( cody break free from mcleach by slip out of he backpack . ) cody : no !! mcleach : joanna , sick them ! ( cody run through forest with joanna close behind ; he enter a open area where we see a waterfall and water ; cody stop right at the edge of the small cliff that drop into the water ( crocodile Falls ) ; joanna follow close behind ; cody reach into he pocket and pull out he knife ; he drop it ; mcleach step on he hand . ) mcleach : you be comin ' with I boy . cody : my mom will call the ranger ! mcleach : ( sarcastically ) oh no .... not the ranger , what will I do ?? what will I do ??! do not let you mom call the ranger !! please do not !! ( joanna laugh ) ( mcleach laugh ) ( mcleach throw cody 's backpack into the river ) my poor baby boy get eat by the crocodile , boo-hoo-hoo ! let 's go boy ! cody : ( from inside mcleach 's cage ) help ! help ! ( the baitmouse see cody in the cage ; he run to the local ras telegraph office ; it begin to rain and wind be blow ; he burst through the door as the telegraph mouse be eat . ) baitmouse : ( very fast and excited ) help , help , help !! someone help ! mcleach take the boy . he take the little boy . send for help !! ( the telegraph mouse begin type the message in morse code ; camera pan up to roof , where other mouse aim the antenna ; message be see be relay to the Marshall Islands ) ( in a wreck plane on the Marshall Islands , a mouse listen to the morse code message ; he recognize the distress call , activate the control on the plane , and relay message to Hawaii . ) ( message be see be relay to Hawaii . screen fill with ras ras ras . mice be watch through binocular in the back . the send a signal to other mouse . they dial the phone to distract guard . phone ring . Guard leave . mice take over , type ( jump ) on keyboard and read message . " ras ... ras ... attention boy kidnapped in australia immediate action require " they type " relay to New York " . ) ( message then journey across the ocean to Los Angeles , then to Denver , St. Louis , Chicago , Washington D. c. and then New York . ) ( scene : it be winter in New York ; through the cloud , the camera descend upon the UN building ; a mouse be listen to the transmission at the ras headquarters in New York ) mouse : code red , code red !! attention all rescue Aid Society delegate , all delegate please report immediately to the main assembly hall . this be a emergency meeting . I repeat , this be a code red emergency meeting !! ( the delegate have be assemble as the announcement be be make ) ( scene : inside the ras meeting hall ) chairmouse : order ! order ! yes , yes I know it 's late but I be ... oh really ! Sir Charles . hello , hello Frank , how be you , nice to see you ! and esmerelda , there you be ! ha ha .. all right , quiet now please , everyone pay attention . there have be a kidnap in Australia . ( delegate gasp ) a young boy need we help . this be a mission require we very finest , and I know we be all think of the same two mouse . ( everyone look to the seat of hungary and USA , which be empty ) ( delegate gasp again . ) what 's this ?!? go ? we must find Bernard and miss bianca at once ! ( scene : a posh restaurant ) ( as a waiter walk by a pillar / column in the restaurant , a pea drop on the floor ; a cricket come out of the column and pick it up . ) cricket : oh .... pea soup . ( with a elaborate contraption , he launch the pea up the column where it drop into a thimble - pot of the cook ) cricket cook : pea soup ! ( a waiter cricket come along and pick up the soup ; the scene change to the chandelier over the restaurant and we see a mini-restaurant above the real one . ) bianca : to my dear Bernard , and we wonderful partnership . Bernard : ( nervous and fumble ) ah ... yeah .. yeah .. ah.. win ... wonderful . bianca : you have be very quiet this evening , be there something on you mind ? Bernard : well , ummm ... actually ... I , ah ... I be wonder .... ( he reach into he pocket . ) bianca : yes darling ? Bernard : I ... miss bianca would you .... would you ... ( the ring fall through a hole in Bernard 's pocket onto the floor ) would you excuse I for a minute ? ( Bernard chase the ring across the floor ; he crawl around , see it , and just as he go to grab it , a waiter kick it under another table ; francois arrive at they table . ) francois : ( french accent ) pardonnez moi , mademoiselle bianca , I have important news . ( he hand she a piece of paper . ) bianca : yes francois ? what be it ? francois : you and Bernard have be ask to accept a dangerous mission to Australia . bianca : ( read message ) oh the poor boy . this be dreadful . now where be Bernard I must tell he at once ! francois : allow I madame , I will tell he immediately . ( Bernard be see under a table retrieve ring ; the ring find its way onto the foot of a rather large woman mouse who be have dinner with a rather nerdy look man mouse ; as Bernard remove the ring from she foot , she think the man mouse be play footsie with she and smack the man mouse . ) Bernard : ( practice ) miss bianca , will you marry I ? miss bianca , will you please marry I ? francois : ( as Bernard practice ) quickly monsieur Bernard ! I must speak with you .... Bernard : not now francois , I be busy ! francois : no , no , no , no , monsieur you do not ...... ( as francois attempt to follow Bernard he collide with another cricket watier and fall on he back ; various cricket run to help he . ) ( Bernard return to the table ) bianca : Bernard , do you talk to francois ? Bernard : ah yes , but uh .. there 's ... there 's something I want ...... bianca : I know exactly what you be go to say . francois tell I all about it . Bernard : he do ? how , how ... how do he ... bianca : oh it do not matter , I think it 's a marvelous idea . Bernard : ( shocked ) you do ? I mean , you ... you really want to ? bianca : I do not think it 's a matter of want , it 's a matter of duty . Bernard : d-duty ? I ... I never think of it , well , umm ... all righ .... all right . how do ... how do next ah- April sound to you ? bianca : heavens no ! we must act immediately , tonight ! ( she leave the restaurant with Bernard close behind ) Bernard : tonight ? but , but , ah.. wait ! uh , bianca , this be so sudden , I mean , do not you at least need a gown or something ? bianca : no , just a pair of khaki short and some hike boot ! Bernard : hiking boot ? ( scene : in the ras meeting hall ) chairmouse : ah , there you be , come along , come along . bianca : delegate , we have a important announcement . Bernard and I have decide , ( pause ) to accept the mission to Australia . Bernard : ( surprised ) Australia ? chairmouse : oh good show ! now , you must fly out immediately ! it 's a little nippy outside , but we will not let that stop we , will we ? what ? ( laugh ) ( scene : on top of a building , snow and wind blow all around ) Bernard : ( yell ) miss bianca , I be not sure it 's such a good idea to ... to fly this soon after eat ! bianca : darling you will be just fine ! Bernard : but be not , be not you suppose to wait 45 minute ? bianca : ( annoyed ) oh , just knock on the door and see if orville be there !! Bernard : ( knock slightly ) ( quickly ) well , nobody 's home , let 's go . ( Bernard get bury with snow ) bianca : Bernard !! ( scodling ) this be no time to play in the snow . Bernard : I be not play in the snow . it ... it be a avalanche . bianca : oh look Bernard ! ( read the sign ) under new management , see wilbur . c'mon darling , let 's get a move out ! ( scene : inside wilbur 's hangar ; wilbur be see sing and dance along with some music ) bianca : yoo-hoo ! Mr. wilbur ! hello ? Bernard : look out !! Excuse I ! bianca : Bernard do something ! he can not hear we ! ( Bernard " struggle " to get to the boom box and wilbur continue to dance . ) wilbur : ( sing ) the girl all look ( music stop ) when I go by ..... hey , who kill the music ?!? Bernard : that 's better . bianca : Excuse we for interrupt , we be from the rescue Aid Society . I be miss bianca ... wilbur : ( interrupt ) miss bianca !?! bianca : and this be my .... wilbur : ( still interrupt ) the miss bianca ? I do not believe it . my brother orville tell I all about you , oh boy , I ... this be a honor to have .... may I just say enceinte senorita to you ? May I ? ( kiss she hand ) Bernard : ahem. ( deliberately ) we need to charter a flight . wilbur : well , you have come to the right place , buddy boy , welcome to ( pause ) " Albatross Air " - a fair fare from here to there . ( laugh ) get it ? a fair fare ? it 's a ... a play on ... nevermind , I have get ton of exotic destination , far away place , custom design for ( in a seductive voice ) " romantic weekend getaway " . ( laugh ) as well as the finest in - flight accommodation . speak of which , what can I get ya ? ( fumble , search through he cooler ) how about a nice mango - maui cooler ? very , very nice , very tasty .... bianca : no thank you ... wilbur : or a ah ..... ( fumble about ) coconut guava nectar ? it 's carbonate . very nice . I get little umbrella for each one of they and a little coconut thing .... bianca : no , it 's urgent that we leave immediately ! wilbur : ( disappointed ) nothing ? nothing at all ? Bernard : ( dismay ) wilbur . wilbur : how about a cream soda ? Bernard : now look , we need a flight to Australia . wilbur : Australia ? the land down under ? that 's a fabulous idea ! so when can I pencil you in ? ah ... after spring thaw ? you know , mid - June would be very nice . bianca : oh know , we must leave tonight . wilbur : ( spit out he drink ) tonight ? ( cough and laugh ) C 'mon you be kiddin ' I right ? ( laugh ) have you look outside ? ( he open the window ) it 's suicide out there ! oh - ho , oh no . oh no .... I be afraid you jolly little holiday will have to wait . ( laugh ) what a bunch of joker . bianca : but you do not understand , a boy need we help , he 's in trouble . wilbur : a boy ? you mean , a little kid kinda boy ? bianca : he be kidnap . wilbur : kidnap ? ( remorseful ) aw ... that ... that 's awful . lockin ' up a little kid . a kid should be free . free to run wild through the house on Saturday morning , ( gather strength ) free to have cookie and milk , and get that little white moustach , you know , with the ..... ( determine ) nobody be gonna take a kid 's freedom away while I be around , nobody , do you hear I ?!? bianca : do that mean you will take we ? wilbur : ( with conviction ) Storm or no storm , Albatross Airlines , at you service !! ( wilbur salute ) ( scene change to Bernard and bianca on wilbur 's back ) passenger be request to please fasten they seat belt and secure all carry - on . we will be depart follow we standard pre-flight maintenance . thank you . ( wilbur begin to exercise ) yeah , loosen up , get the blood flowin ' up to the head , annnnnd , couple of this ....oh! ( try to do a push - up ) o.k. one 's enough , here we go . oh ! ah yeah !! that feel better . oh baby . tie you kangaroos down sport fan , here , we , come ! ( open hangar door , get blow back by wind ) yeah , let 's go for it !! woah ! hey ! woah ! hey , I do not adjust for the wind . all right we be gonna make it !! I just gotta duck down a little lower , that 's all . go under the wind , go under it ! here we go ( scream ) !! ow this be cold ! slippery ! Ice ! Ice ! we get ice ! we get ice ! oh hang on now !! here we go ! here we go ! here we go !!! here we go !! cowabunga !!!!!!! ( wilbur dive for the street ; " fly " just in time to miss the ground . ) bianca : Captain , be this a non-stop flight to Australia ?? wilbur : well , ah ... not exactly no , I could definitely say no . we be gonna have to make connection with a bigger bird . ( aside ) non-stop ? what do I look like , Charles lindburgh ?? ( scene : mcleach drive he vehicle with cody in the cage in the Australian outback . ) cody : ( pound on the cage ) lemme outta here !! lemme go !! you can not do this !! help ! help ! help ! mcleach : ( on speaker ) breaker , breaker , little mate . I forget to tell ya around here , you need to be quiet !! ( cody trip ) or the ranger might hear ya . now sit down and relax , enjoy the view . ( laugh ) nothin ' but abandon opal mine as far as the eye can see . and dead ahead , be home sweet home . ( begin sing ) ( from a distance ) Home , home on the range . where the critter be tie up in chain . I cut through they side , and I rip off they hide . and the next day I do it again . everybody ! Home , home on the range ..... ( scene : long shot of cody 's house ) Mom : cody ! cody ! cody ! ( scene : cargo hold of airplane ; wilbur , Bernard , and miss bianca be sleep on a airplane tire . ) announcer : ( hear from inside of plane ) lady and gentleman , Flight 12 be now approach Sydney airport , make sure you pick up you parcel and package and enjoy you stay in Australia . ( miss bianca wake up , give Bernard a kiss to wake he up . ) Bernard : ( just waking up ) ( yawn ) be we there yet ? bianca : yes . you know , perhaps we should wake up wilbur . Bernard : oh , oh ... alright , I will get he up . ( lean over ) ahhh ... wilbur ? ( wilbur be snore ) wilbur ? wilbur ?? wilbur : ( half awake ) um , yeah , just five more minute mar . ( wilbur roll over , trapping Bernard and bianca ) bianca and Bernard : ( scream ) wilbur !! wilbur : ( groggy ) that 's all I need , five more minute . bianca : ( plead ) wilbur ?? be you awake ?? Bernard : get , get up we be there !! wilbur : o.k. I be up , I be up . ( he roll back over ) Bernard : watch out you get .... wilbur : ( groan ) oh ! I must 'a be sleepin ' on a bolt . ooo. ( plane body open ) oh boy . throw another shrimp on the barbie girl , cause here I come !! Bernard : here we go again !! wilbur : cannonball !!!!! bianca : weeee !! ( wilbur " cannonballs " out of the airplane ; he run into a flock of seagull on he way down and pass the Sydney Opera House . ) wilbur : gang way ! comin ' through , mouse on board !! clear the way ! move over madam , there you go ! comin ' through sir , thank you . ( laugh ) next stop , mugwomp flat . do we lose anyone back there ? ( laugh ) . Bernard : miss bianca , from .. from now on , can not ... can not we just take the train ? ( scene : mugwomp flat " control tower " . Jake and sparky be play checker . ) Jake : well sparky , you have have this comin ' for a long time . and now , you be gonna get it . ha ! ( Jake jump one of sparky 's piece ; sparky spit and then jump a bunch of Jake 's piece . ) Jake : hmmm ... wise fly . ( sparky laugh ) wilbur : ( over radio ) mugwomp tower , mugwomp tower , this be Albatross one Three request permission to land . over ? Jake : Albatross ? ( Jake flip over the checkerboard to a chart that have various bird size ) let 's see ... finch , wren , scrub bird , lockeet , freckle duck , culah , kukaberra , parrot , cockatoo , alba ... alba ...?!?! it 's a jumbo !! ( into radio ) negative one three , you will have to turn back , we runway be not long enough for a bird you size . wilbur : not long enough ?!? look pal , I can land this thing on a dime ! Bernard : ( hear over radio ) uh ... wilbur , if , if the runway be not long enough ... wilbur : listen you can not let this radar jockey push you around . just leave it to I alright ? Jake : ( into radio ) I say again mate , we runway be too short . wilbur : and I say again , mate , I be comin ' in !! Jake : crazy yank . Quick sparky , we gotta find a way to extend the runway . ( Jake and sparky begin to make the runway longer ; Jake kick a cinder block raise part of the roof . ) wilbur : here we go ! Bernard : we ... , we will never make it !! wilbur : ( as he bounce along roof ) hot ! oooh ! ow ! passenger please remain seat until the aircraft come to a full and complete stop . thank you . ( Jake and sparky continue to extend the runway ; wilbur land on a umbrella and spin around . ) Jake : Quick sparky , we need to make a drag line ! ( a elaborate clothesline / hangar / brassiere drag line be construct ; wilbur be catapult into the drag line ; when he stop , he be " wear " the bra . ) wilbur : ( cocky ) do not try and tell I the runway 's too short . ha! ( to Jake ) hold this for I will ya pal ? ( wilbur " hand " he the bra which launch Jake backwards . ) Jake : bloke oughtta have he wing clipped . wilbur : you captain thanks you for fly Albatross Airlines ..... Jake : ( aside to sparky ) crazy yank . they think they can do any fool thing , without regard for ..... ( he see bianca ; become starry - eye ; sparky wonder what happen ; look at Jake ; sparky buzze in dismay ) ( be suave ) welcome to Australia mar 'am . my name 's Jake and if there 's any way I can make you stay more pleasant , do not hesitate to ask . bianca : oh , how kind . Jake : allow I to get that bag for ya . Bernard : ( struggle ) I have a .... I have get a lot of ... luggage here ... wilbur : here let I give you a hand with that bag pal , all part of the friendly service here at Albatross Air ( wilbur pick up two of the bag ; a crunch be hear ) ow ! oh ! Big time hurt ! ah back !! oh it 's out ! bianca : wilbur , be you alright ? Jake : do not worry mar 'am , I will handle this . sparky , you watch the tower , we gotta get this bird to the hospital . wilbur : oh .... can not go down , can not go up . oh ! take the bag , take the bag ! ( scene : a old military hospital vehicle . wilbur be be lower inside by a series of rope , gear and nursemice . ) nursemice : heave ! ho! heave ! Ho ! wilbur : hey , whaddya doin ' ? hey , what ... what 's go on ? wait ! hey wait a minute ... just stop everything . bianca : wilbur , do not worry . we will come back the moment we find the boy . wilbur : ( begging ) wait ! hey ! wait a minute ! do not leave I here , please ! I be feel much better now . I be even ready to hit the beach ( laugh ) . I be even ready to mambo . ( wiggles in the restraint ) . bianca : Doctor , will he be alright ? Doctor : ( consol ) now , now , my dear . keep a stiff upper lip . they all come in with a whimper , and leave with a grin . off with you now . leave everything to I . shoo , shoo , off you go . ( they leave ) hop to it lady , we have get a bent bird on we hand . move , move , move , bustle , bustle , bustle . that 's it , ah-ha . wilbur : will it , will it hurt doc ? Doctor : dear boy , you will not feel a thing . ( to the nurse mouse ) Launch the back brace ! ( the " back brace " ( a cane ) be " launch " to immobilize wilbur 's back . ) wilbur : hey ! hey wait ! wait ! woah !! I have be skewer . Doctor : ( cross ) I have already miss tea , Mr. Albatross , now do not force I to take drastic measure . you must relax . wilbur : relax ?!? I have never be more relaxed in my life !! ( begin to get hyper ) if I be any more relaxed , I would be dead !!! Doctor : ( smug ) I be not convinced . ( to the nurse mouse ) sixty milligram ! nursemice : sixty milligram . ( the nursemice fill hypodermic needle with liquid and put it into the chamber of a shotgun . ) wilbur : hey ... wha .... be ... be you guy crazy ? you can not do that to I ! I be a american citizen buddy !!! Doctor : better double it ! wilbur : double ?!? nursemice : double , come up ! ( they load up another needle in the other chamber . ) wilbur : nooo !! Doctor : prepare the albatross for medication . wilbur : oh , I be dreamin ' ... I be dreamin ' !! come on wilbur , wake up boy , wake up !! Doctor : ( give direction to aim the gun . ) Three degree right . wilbur : come on !! nursemice : Three degree right . wilbur : come on , it 's a joke , it 's a joke ! Doctor : down two degree . wilbur : oh no , do not go down two degree ! nursemice : down two degree . Doctor : ready ! wilbur : no I be not ready !! no , please !! Doctor : aim !! wilbur : ( cry ) please do not do this to I ...... Doctor : FIRE !! ( the scene change to outside and we hear the gun fire . ) wilbur : ow , ow , oh. ooo ...... ( scene : mugwomp flat ; Bernard and bianca be look at a map ) Bernard : now we just .... gotta figure out how to get there . Jake : so , ah ... you and you umm ... husband here on a little outback excursion ? bianca : oh no , no , we be not marry . Bernard : in fact we be , we be here on a , a top ah.. secret mission . very ... very .. hush , hush . Jake : oh ! gotta rescue that kid mcleach nab eh ? bianca : why that 's right ! how do you know ? Jake : ( he bump Bernard out of the way ) ( whisper to bianca ) you will find it 's tough to keep secret in the outback miss . ( outloud ) so ah .... which way ya takin ' ? ( look at Bernard 's map . ) suicide trail through nightmare Canyon , or the shortcut at Satan 's ridge ? Bernard : Su ... suicide trail ? Jake : good choice . ( dramatically ) more snake , less quicksand . then once you cross bloodworm Creek , you be scot free , this be until ummm ... Dead dingo pass . Bernard : ( puzzle ) wait , wait , wait a minute , I do not .... I do not see any , any of that , that stuff on the map . Jake : a map 's no good in the outback ! ( fold up the map ) what you really need be someone , ( schmooze to bianca ) someone who know the territory . bianca : oh mister Jake , will you guide we ? Jake : at you service ! ( he bow and shove the map behind he into Bernard 's gut . ) here better take my arm miss it 's gonna be a treacherous hike . ( beginning to tell a story ) I remember the time miss B. it be just I and four hundred of this big giant ..... Bernard : do not even know how to fold a map .... ( scene : the ranger be at crocodile Falls search the water ; then we see Bernard , miss bianca and Jake on a wombat in a tree get ready to jump . ) Jake : this be how we get around in the outback miss B. ( shouting ) the only way to travel , eh berno ? Bernard : ah yeah , yeah , it 's just a little , a little ah .. bumpy back here . ( Bernard be bob along on the tail ; the wombat climb to the top of the tree and jump . ) Jake : cinch up you seatbelt mate , we be comin ' in for a landing . ( the wombat land on a small bush ; Jake and miss bianca get off the wombat ; however the bush be not exactly stable yet ... ) Bernard : hold it , not , not yet !! ( Bernard get launch into a patch of briar . ) ( scene : mcleach 's hideout ) mcleach : ( sharpen a knife ) well boy , let 's see if we can do something to refresh that rusty old memory of yours . be she on Satan 's Ridge ? ( throw a knife at the map cody be stand in front of ) or nightmare Canyon ?? ( throw another knife ) whadda you think joanna ? yeah , that 's it ... right smack dab in the middle at croc Falls ! ( throw another knife ) ( to cody ) be I gettin ' warm ?? cody : I tell you , I do not remember . mcleach : do not you realize a bird that size be worth a fortune ?? ( in cody 's face ) I will split the money with you fifty - fifty , you can not get a better offer than that boy . cody : you will not have any money after the ranger get through with you . mcleach : ( growl in anger ) ( he kick over the kettle of water in the fire ) . ( scene : Bernard and bianca in the forest by the water ; bianca be remove the burr from Bernard . ) Bernard : Jake 's be go ... ow .... be go a long time ... maybe I should go , oh ! maybe I should go look for he . bianca : oh do not you worry about Jake , he can handle himself . Bernard : yeah , I ... I notice . bianca : I be just sure he will be back in no time . ( Bernard reach into he pocket and pull out the ring to make sure it 's still there . ) Bernard : you know ... now that we be alone , ( nervous ) there 's ... there 's something that I have , I have be want to uh ... to .. to ask you . bianca : yes ? what be it ? Bernard : ( he walk over to bianca ) well , it 's uh .... it 's like this ... miss bianca I .... ( he get down on one knee ) I would be ... ( he take she hand ) most honore ... if .. if ... Jake : look out !!! ( Jake burst through the two of they ; bianca scream ) no mouse for you twister not today !! ( Jake proceed to lasso the mouth of twister the snake . ) there ! Bernard : miss bianca ! Jake : ( assertively ) I have be look all over for you . now look ... we get a long way to go , and you be gonna take we there , and you be not gonna give we any trouble about it . right ?? ( snake shake he head no ; Jake and miss bianca get on twister . ) they be perfectly harmless once you look them in the eye and let they ' who 's boss . ai not that right mate ? ( smack the snake . ) now git . bianca : it 's alright Bernard , Jake have everything under control . Bernard : ( disappointed and sarcastic ) yeah , I notice . Jake : ( go into a story again ) you know miss bianca , truth be tell , I use to be quite a dingo wrestler . yeah , there be this one time , it be just I and ( he voice begin to trail off ) 300 of this ferocious mouse - eat dingo 's right ... have I surround .... decide to .... ( Bernard , who be riding the end of the snake , get out the ring , dump out the water , and sigh . ) ( scene : mcleach 's animal prison ; mcleach throw cody into a cage . ) mcleach : I will give you a night down here to think it over . but tomorrow , no more Mr. Nice guy . ( mcleach slam the door , joanna get she tail catch in it . ) joanna ! you thick -headed chunk of fish-bait ! cody : ( yell ) I will never tell you where she be ! never ! never ! Frank : ( mimick cody ) yeah , never tell ! you will have to drag it out of we ! cody : hey , where do you come from ? Frank : um ... the desert ? krebb : well , well , well , fancy that ! look like mcleach have begin trapping he own kind ! there 's no hope for any of we now . Frank : no hope ! no hope ! no! ( cry ) cody : be there must be a way out of here . krebb : oh , there 's a way out all right . cody ( and other ) : there be ? krebb : absolutely . ( cocky ) you will go as a wallet , you will go as a belt , and we dear Frank .... Frank : no , no , no , I do not want to hear it . krebb : Frank will go as ...... Frank : I can not hear you ... ( Frank cover he ear and begin to sing a nonsense version of the Australian national anthem ) la la la la la ..... krebb : ( pause until Frank uncover he ear ) a purse . Frank : aiighh ... no !! ( cry ) krebb : ooo ... a lovely lady ' purse . Frank : ( cry ) I do not want to go as a purse . ( begging ) please , please , do not let them do it ! cody : do not worry , we be gonna get out of here . Frank : we be ? cody : yeah ! if we all put we head together , I be sure we will think of something . Frank : yeah , something , something .... ( begin to pant and think hard ) cody : Frank , what 's wrong ? krebb : oh , here he go again . Red : take it easy mate , you do not want to hurt yourself again . Frank : ( strain to think ) I get it !! all we gotta do , be get the key !! krebb : ( sarcastically ) ohhh !! be that all ?? well then , we better start pack we bag . cody : no wait , he 's right . if we could get this long piece of wood .... ( cody strain to reach some long piece of wood through he cage ) Frank : Wood , yeah , wood , wood , wood , yeah good . cody : maybe we could .... ( a bird in a " tire cage " help knock the wood so cody can reach it . ) that 's right just a little more ... there , ( he get a piece of wood ) come on everybody , get some more stuff !! Red : the kid 's right , what be we wait for ? cody : that 's it , you have get it ! hurry ! we need something to tie it together ! Frank : hey , hey , hey , whaddya get , whaddya get , whaddya get ?? ( Frank get whopped with a shoe ) ( through the shoe ) shoelace ! oh . ( the animal have construct a long pole hold up and together with rope and shoelace ; they begin to use they " pole " to get the key . ) cody : almost .... a little further ... Frank : yeah , yeah , yeah . ( krebb moan / cry as they miss the key . ) cody : it 's o.k. let 's try again . Frank : yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . cody : easy ... easy do it . Frank : yeah , no , no , no , yeah , no , yeah , yeah ( etc ... ) krebb : somebody shut he up !! ( they get the key on the hook ; the dangle right in front of the door . ) Frank : you have get it ! you have get it ! you have get it ! ( joanna come in , discover key , destroy pole , return key to hook , and leave through the animal door . ) Frank : ( Frank strain to think again ) I have get it ! I will just take my tail .... and I will pick the lock .... like this !! Red : aww Frank , give it a rest . Frank : no , no , no !! you will thank I when you be free ! look , look , look , I just insert my tail , like this , and I turn it like this , just a quarter turn to the leave , and then push it a little bit further ...... ( etc . ) ( scene change : Jake , bianca , and Bernard be riding lightning bug . ) Jake : ha , ha !! show he who 's boss berno ! ( Bernard be have obvious trouble with he bug ; he hit a dandelion , attempt to sneeze , but go underwater instead . ) ( scene : the hospital wagon ) wilbur : ugh ... I feel like I get my head in a vise . ( zoom out to see wilbur 's head in a vise ) unh ... Doctor : be we ready nurse ? nursemouse : ready doctor . Doctor : alright lady , snap to it ! ( he snap he rubber glove on ) ooo ... that smart ! ah ... let I see here .... ( hum / sing to himself as he examine the x-ray ) ... forcep ! nursemouse : forcep . ( various tool pose as surgical equipment be toss around . ) wilbur : oh no , what now ? ( in the background the heart monitor begin to beep faster and faster throughout this part ) Doctor : spinal stretch -u-lator . wilbur : oh ... that 's gonna hurt . Doctor : artery router . wilbur : mother ! Doctor : this be rusted tight . I would not dream of use such a tool . bring I the epidermal tissue disrupter ! ( which be actually a chainsaw ) wilbur : the epidermal what ?!?! ( realize what it be . ) oh no ... no .... no ! ( wilbur scream and break free ; the nursemice set off a alarm and sign that say " patient escape . " ) Doctor : Mr. Albatross we have not operate yet ! wilbur : you gotta catch I first doc !! Doctor : Mr. Albatross , please !! ( chase wilbur ) wilbur : cowabunga ! Doctor : Mr. Albatross , we must return you to the operate room ! wilbur : you will never take I alive !! ( wilbur attempt to climb out a window Doctor : please do not do this !! you spine need tender ... ( scream ) .... loving .... ( scream ) .... care ! ( they all fall backwards ) wilbur : oh. ugh. oh ... oh ... my ... my back ! hey , hey ... I can , I , it work !! I be cure !! Doctor : my back ! ( wilbur burst out of the back of the hospital truck ) wilbur : do not worry , I be come you little mouse ... this be the finest fleet on two webbed foot . ( panting ) oh boy , I gotta , I gotta go on a diet when I get home . here we go !! ( scene : cody 's house ) ( a ranger knock at the door ; cody 's mom answer and we begin to hear the radio announcer in the background ) announcer : ... that particular area , in other news , authority in mugwomp flat have call off the search for the miss boy . his backpack be find near crocodile Falls , and local ranger believe he be yet another victim of crocodile attack . ( scene transition to mcleach 's hideout ) authority once again warn resident to use extreme caution when they be .... mcleach : ( to the radio ) ha heh ! think you be pretty smart , do not you eh ? who outsmart who ? who ? who outsmart who ? I still gotta get that boy , to talk , huh ? ( a think strike he ) I be hungry . can not think on a empty stomach ... gotta have protein ... gotta have .... egg . ( joanna perk up at the word " egg " ) . ( mcleach get up and walk across the room ; joanna follow . ) everyone 's get he price ... all I gotta do be offer he whatever he want ... and then not give it to he . ( joanna open the tool box , take a egg and put it in she mouth ; throughout this scene , joanna steal mcleach 's egg as he be talk out loud ; he keep move the box back and forth in a attempt to stop she , which only make matter worse . ) ( to joanna ) do you take one of my egg ? open you mouth . this be not joanna egg . let 's see ummm ... the boy 's get the eagle ... I want the eagle ... the boy will not give I the eagle ... if I could just find the boy' weak spot , I could get he to tell I where the eagle be . but the boy 's only get one weak spot , and that be the eagle . ( aside / think out loud ) maybe if I stick he in a giant anthill , that would loosen he tongue and then .... ( yell ) I get it ! ( to joanna ) get you hand catch in the cookie jar , do not ya ? eh ? who do you think you be messin ' with you dumb animal , my mental facility be twice what yours be , you peabrain . ( open case , realize all the egg be go ) ( calmy at first , then more angry ) ( joanna run away and hide ) joanna .... I give you platypus egg , I give you snake egg , why I will even give you eagle egg , but I want you to stay away from my ... ( stop abruptly ) .... ( whisper ) the eagle 's egg ! that 's it ! that 's the boy' weak spot ! ( joanna whimper in corner ) ( scene : mcleach 's animal prison ) Frank : ( still try to open lock with he tail ) . push it in a little bit farther ..... ( mumble ) .... ( Frank open the cage without realize it and step out . ) ( cry ) I give up ! ( kick the door close ) I will never get this .... we be doom ! doom ! Red : hey look ! krebb , Frank 's out ! cody : Frank , Frank , you be free ! Frank : free ?! ( realize ) I be free ! I be free ! I be free ! I be free !.... ( continue ) Red : shhhhh !!! joanna will hear ! krebb : double or nothin ' he 's catch in five minute . cody : calm down little mate . Frank : ( stick he head through the cage ) look at I , I be free ! cody : Frank , get the key . Frank : I should get the key . I be stick , I be stick , I be stick .... ( continue and struggle ) Red : shhh quiet ! krebb : quiet ya fool ! cody : take it easy , I will get you loose . ( twist Frank back through the cage ) there ya go. ( deliberately ) now go get the key . Frank : the key . yeah , yeah , key , key , key , key , key . ( jump to grab key and miss ) gee , I can not reach them . cody : Quick , get something to stand on . Frank : yeah , stand on , something to stand on . krebb : this oughtta be rich . Frank : yeah , yeah , stand on , stand on .... ( etc . ) ( Frank get a flat board , carry it across , throw it on the ground , thereby increase he height by .01 inch . ) everyone : frank ! cody : use the box ! climb up on the box ! Frank : ( mumble ) ( grunt ) box , box ..... etc . ( Frank move the box , climb up , and grab the key ; he fall over with they on top of the box which make noise with they ) everybody : shhhhh ! quiet ! Frank : ( grumble ) this be heavy ! ( Frank kick the key onto the floor ; everyone be dismay . Frank get a grip , get quiet , and go down to get the key quietly . as he go to grab the key , joanna enter the prison room through the animal door . ) oops ! ( joanna begin to chase Frank around the room ) Red : the key Frank , give we the key !! Frank , over here !! give we the key !! ( they disappear behind some junk ; Frank emerge riding joanna like a horse with the key as a bridle ) yeeeeeee -haaaww , ride them Frank !!!! Frank : ya-hoo , howdy , howdy , howdy !!!! howdy , howdy , howdy !!! ( joanna launch Frank across the room ) yeah , yeah , .... ( etc ) .... ( Frank drop the key ; cody pick they up and let himself out . ) ( joanna run after Frank towards the cage ) let I in ! let I in !! ( joanna get a gun ) no , no , no !!!! ( etc . ) ( joanna shoot the gun at Frank who be stand against a wall . he be in a fancy position . ) huh , miss . mcleach : ( catch cody with the key ) surprise !! if I do not know any better , I would think you do not like it here . cody : let I go , let go , let go !!!! mcleach : ( see Frank out of he cage ) ha !! whaddya you doin ' out of you cage ?!? ( Frank go back into he cage . ) uhhh .... that 's better . c'mon boy , ( laugh ) say goodbye to you little friend .... it 's the last you will ever see of them . ( scene : at the front of mcleach 's hideout ) bianca : there be no time to waste . we must try to get in . Bernard : ( hand she a stick ) here , here miss bianca , start digging . Jake : ( half - heartedly dig for a moment , stop , look up and laugh ) ( sarcastically ) have anyone consider try ... " open sesame " ? bianca and Bernard : aiighh ! woah ! Jake : ( shocked ) hey it work !! ( the mouse climb up over the open door and look down . ) mcleach : ( throw cody out ) get out of here !! go on ! git !! bianca : look Bernard , it 's the boy ! Jake : and mcleach . mcleach : ( throw cody 's knife at cody 's foot ) it 's all over boy ... you bird 's dead . someone shot she ... shot she , right outta the sky , bang !! ( joanna mock a shot and death . ) cody : no !! mcleach : whaddya mean ' no ' ? you callin ' I a liar ? I hear it on the radio this morning , and she could have be mine if it be not for you , now you better git outta here , before I change my mind . go on , git !! Bernard : ( whisper ) why be he let he go ?? Jake : it 's gotta be a trick . mcleach : ( aside to joanna , but loud enough for cody to hear ) too bad about that egg , eh joanna ? they will never survive without they mother . oh well , survival of the fittest , I guess . ( watch cody run off ) ( whisper ) bingo ! ( laugh ) ( joanna also laugh ) bianca : Bird ? Bernard : egg ? Jake : shh ! listen . ( mcleach pull out he truck with himself and joanna in the cab . ) mcleach : ( laugh ) I do not make it all the way through third grade for nothing . ( mcleach 's truck begin to leave . ) Jake : I do not know where he 's go , but he can not let he get away . hurry up you two !! ( he jump onto the truck . ) bianca : quickly Bernard , now !! ( they all jump ; bianca and Bernard miss and slide down onto the tread ) Bernard : oh no !! oh no !! get between the tread !! Jake : ( throw a rope ) Bernard !! bianca !! here , catch !! Bernard : get it !! miss , miss , miss bianca , you , you can do it !!! ( scene : in the sky ) wilbur : ( panting and puffing ) Boy , this be some headwind , huh ? say , ( laugh ) , you lovely lady would not have see two little mouse run around down there , would ya ? hey where ya go ? I mean it , I be look for two little mouse ! ( aside ) be it something I say ? ( scene : at the cliff ) ( cody run to the edge , stop , look down , and begin to climb down . ) Jake : he 's go down the cliff ! c'mon , we gotta warn he ! ( scene : over the cliff ; at marahute 's nest . ) ( cody arrive at the nest ; see the egg ; check they out ; he cover they up , and place one of the golden feather on they . ) bianca : cody ! cody : huh ? who be you ? bianca : oh , there be no time to explain , you be in great danger . cody : ( marahute 's screech be hear at a distance ) marahute ?! it can not be ! bianca : oh cody , cody wait !! cody : ( see marahute ) she 's alive !! bianca : cody please !! you must listen !! Bernard : that 's right , mc.. mcleach be on the cliff . cody : ( look up and see mcleach 's truck ) ( begin to yell and plead ) marahute , no !!! turn back !! turn back !! stay away !! it 's a trap !! ( mcleach launch the trap ; marahute be catch in it . ) mcleach : I get she !!! I get she !!! do you see that ? ( laugh ) perfect shot !! per-fect shot ! she 's mine !! ( laugh ) all mine !!!! cody : no !!! ( cody jump for the trap / bundle as it be hoist up ; Jake lassos cody 's foot . ) Jake : hold tight you two , we be go for a ride ! ( Bernard miss the rope ) Bernard : bianca !! bianca : Bernard ! ( cody begin to cut the rope on the trap . ) mcleach : ( grumble ) ... meddlin ' brat . gonna get rid of he for good . ( mcleach try to shake cody off . ) cody : help I be slip ! bianca : cody , do not move !! ( Jake throw a rope and lassos cody 's foot . ) mcleach : ( hoist the whole group up and drop they into he cage ) ( laugh ) ( whisper ) there she be joanna .... just look at she .... look at the size of she ... the rarest bird in the world . that bird 's gonna make I rich ... ( chuckle ) filthy rich . ( laugh ) ( announce ) I get what I want . now , what do joanna want ? do she wanna make sure that bird ... stays rare ? ( egging she on ) how about some great , big , triple a , jumbo , eagle egg !!! eh ?! you want them ?! eh ?! you want them ? go get them girl !! cody : no !! please !! ( joanna run for the cliff , see how far down it be and balk in fear . ) mcleach : ( mock ) why , whatever be the matter joanna ?? ( she point down ; mcleach kick she over the edge ) . git !! ( joanna go down to eat the egg ; she search the nest for they ; find the egg ; take a bite of one ; it be rock hard ; she try another with the same result ; she drop one egg on the other which land on she tail and she shreik in pain ) ( scream from on top of cliff ) joanna !! you hurry up and eat that egg and get you tail up here ! move it !! ( joanna move the " egg " to the edge ; knock they over the cliff with she tail ; she yank on the rope for mcleach to bring he up ; as she do , another rock fall that look like a egg ; Bernard come out of hide . ) Bernard : ( to the egg ) o.k. you guy , she fall for it . look like the coast be clear . wilbur : ( fly in to marahute 's nest ) Girls ? Girls , I be here ! ( laugh ) where be you , you little chickee you ? ( laugh ) Bernard : ( puzzle at first ) wilbur ? ( louder ) wilbur ! wilbur : ( scream and fall off the edge ) do not ever do that to I again ! oh ... boy ... I lose a lot of feather on that one . Bernard : wilbur be I glad to see you ! give I a hand with this egg will ya ? ( roll the egg out of hide . ) wilbur : yeah , sure . wait a minute .... what the heck be you do up here anyway ?? Bernard : the kidnapper take the boy and Jake .... miss bianca . wilbur : miss bianca ?? miss bianca 's in trouble ?!? woah ! geez ! that 's terrible ! we gotta do something ! ( chastise ) Bernard , I be disappointed in you . hidin ' under a nest while miss bianca need we help . I gotta talk to you mister ... Bernard : wilbur .... wilbur : ( fumble ) you should start searchin' the desert for she , and ( fumble ) I will scan the coastline ! Bernard : wilbur ... wilbur : that 's what I will do .... I will ask the chick on the beach . Bernard : wilbur ! wilbur : huh ? what ?! Bernard : now listen ! ( Bernard point to the egg ) there 's some chick right here that need you help . wilbur : really ? ( Bernard sit on a egg , and pat it . ) oh no .... wait a minute ... hold it .... I know what you be thinkin ' and you be wrong . do not even .... no ... ( Bernard give he a stare ) do not look at I like that ! you be gettin ' no from I ! you understand ? no ! I will not .. ever sit on that egg ! ( scene change to wilbur sit on the egg ) aww ... nut ! ( sigh ) ... ( to himself ) gotta learn to be more assertive . no be no be no. ( to the egg ) hey , quit movin ' in there ! ( scene : mcleach 's vehicle ) mcleach : well joanna , it look like lady luck have finally decide to smile on we . everything 's go we way . ( laugh to himself ) . cody : ( scream ) you can not do this !! you be gonna get in big trouble !! I will tell the ranger where you be !! mcleach : ( groan ) I almost forget ... we get a loose end to tie up , have not we girl ? ( joanna look through the back window ; make a face at cody ; cody make on back and smack the glass and scare joanna ) bianca : ( consol ) now , now cody , we must not loose hope . Bernard be still out there ... Jake : ( mock sincerity ) that 's right ! be anyone can get we out of this scrape it 's old berno ! ( aside ) Nice bluff , miss B. bianca : I be not bluff . you do not know Bernard like I do . he will never give up . ( look back out over the trail ) ( scene : Bernard on the trail of mcleach 's truck . ) ( Bernard be see run along the trail of mcleach 's truck ; after turn a " corner " he realize just how far he have to go ; he sigh in disbelief ) . Bernard : oh my gosh ! ( he hear a sound ; there be a razorback right next to he sleep ; Bernard look scared at first ; think ; get a idea ; build up courage ; and go for it . ) ahem ... ahem .... ah ... excuse I ... ( the razorback wake up and grunt at he ) ( assertively ) now look , I have get a long way to go , ( Bernard rough up the razorback by the snout ) you be go to take I there , and you be not go to give I any trouble about it , right ? ( the razorback whimper and shake he head no . ) good. ( Bernard climb up the razorback ) now git . ( they take off down the trail ) . ( scene : crocodile fall ) mcleach : ( cody have be tie up to a hoist and hook ) be ya ready boy ? it 's time you learn how to fish for croc ! ( laugh ) they like it when you use live bait ... and you be as live as they come . ( laugh and sing as he adjust a light onto cody so that the crocodile can see he ) oh ... you get a line , and I will get a pole , matey .... you get a line , I will get a pole , friend .... oh , you get a line , I will get a pole , we will go fishin ' at the crocodile hole , buddy , pal o' mine .... ( to the croc ) that 's right baby , suppertime ! ( continue to sing as cody be lower to the water . ) Jake : it do not look good miss B . I can not see any way out of this one . bianca : ( to the air ) oh Bernard , please hurry ! mcleach : ( laugh / sing ) now , this be my idea of fun . ( begin to play with the hoist control ; dunk cody in the water and pull he out . ) nothing personal boy , but I would not want to disappoint the ranger . they be look so hard for ya , and now ... they be gonna find ya ! ( drop cody once more , but before cody hit the water , the power go out . ) what the blaze go on here ? ( mcleach look down over truck ; see a razorback run out of the truck cab ) . joanna ? ( mcleach climb down ) do you know , there be a razorback in my truck ? ( she shake she head yes at first ) do ya ? do ya ?? ( she shake he head no ) ( yell ) there be a razorback in my truck . now you quit play around and do you job , you four - legge python !! ( she climb down to look around ) ( mcleach look inside the truck cab . ) hey , what happen to they key ? ( fishing around the floor ; Bernard be hide underneath the gas pedal with the key . ) must be around here somewhere , they could not just get up and walk away . something weird 's go on around here .... I smell a big , fat rat . ( cody be still hang just above the water ; the crocodile jump for he ; Bernard jump out of the truck cab with the key ; he tiptoe underneath the truck ; joanna follow he and then chase he . ) bianca : look , it 's Bernard ! Jake : I do not believe it ! Way to go mate ! Bernard : miss bianca , Jake , catch !! ( he throw the key up to they ) ( joanna chase after he ) woah ! mcleach : well , there 's more than one way to skin a cat . ( get out he gun ) ( laugh ) ( Jake and bianca work the key up the cage ) ( joanna continue to chase Bernard ; Bernard trick joanna into bite she tail ; he hide in a log ; bianca and Jake continue to work the key up the cage ; a gunshot be hear ; marahute screech . ) mcleach : blasted !! Bernard : oh my gosh ! I hope I know what I be do ! ( another shot go off ; this time , it hit the rope and sever it most of the way ; Bernard kick joanna ; run for mcleach . ) thhpppt . ( Bernard run up mcleach just as he take aim again ; joanna follow and tackle mcleach . ) mcleach : hey , get off I !! joanna ! what be ya ..... ( Bernard push mcleach over with one finger ) ( scream and fall into the water ) joanna ! joanna !! you stupid rodent ! get off I ! you idiot ! get off of I ! no ! no ! ( begin to beat away crocodile with he gun . ) ( the rope break and cody fall into the water ) bianca : Bernard the boy !! ( Bernard dive into the water to get cody ; they both surface . ) cody : help !! help !! ( Bernard swim for shore ; he tie cody 's rope around a tree limb . ) mcleach : ( hit the crocodile ) get back , get back , go on , get away from I , get away from I .... ( the croc retreat ) ( laugh ) ha ! I whoope ya ! I whoope ya all ! you will think twice before messin ' with percival c. mcleach !! ( laugh ) woah ! ( realize that he be head for the waterfall and try to swim back ; joanna wave goodbye ) noo !!!! ( mcleach go over the edge of the waterfall . ) Bernard : do not give up cody !! ( the tree limb break ; Bernard and cody continue down the river ; Jake open the lock on they cage ; marahute take off with Jake and bianca . ) Jake : hop on miss B .!! ( they fly towards cody ) cody : help ! help ! ( cody go over the waterfall with Bernard ) ( everyone disappear into the mist of the waterfall ; a few second later , we see all four on marahute fly away triumphantly into the sky and cloud . ) cody : ( mock eagle screech ) ( look around ; see Bernard cling to the rope . ) it 's o.k. come on .... ( to Bernard ) thanks little mate . bianca : ( hugging Bernard ) oh Bernard you be magnificent , you be absolutely the hero of the day . Bernard : ( rush ) miss bianca , before anything else happen ... ( sigh ; get out the ring and get on one knee ) .... will you marry I ? bianca : ( shocked ) Bernard ! of course , I will ! ( hug Bernard . ) Jake : well do mate . ( Jake give Bernard the thumb up sign . ) cody : come on marahute , let 's all go home . ( marhute fly higher and the four of they cruise off into the cloud and the moon . ) ( scene : high on the cliff at marahute 's nest ) wilbur : help !!! anybody !! Bernard !! bianca !! where be you ?!? ( to himself ) o.k. , that 's it , I be outta here , this be ridiculous . you can not leave I here alone ( laugh ) . I be go ! I be gone ! ( the sound of egg break open and chirp be hear ) ( to the egg ) aww no ... stay in that egg ! that 's a direct order ! ( in a baby - ish voice ) awww ..... hey ... you be kind of a cute little feller , coochy coochy .... yow ! woah !!! ( groan ) the end special thanks to my proofer : Peter schouten ( jps@dataweb.nl ) thanks for identify the Australian national anthem . ( wow ! ) Pete meene ( pmmsimba@aol.com ) Frank pilhofer ( fp@informatik.uni-frankfurt.de )