relic a screenplay by Amy Holden Jones base on the book by Douglas Preston and lincoln child March 16 , 1995 title card ... belem brazil - JULY ... ext . belem street - night a taxi careen down narrow roadway at breakneck speed . int . taxi - night in the back seat be whittlesley . early 40' , the wreck of a once handsome man . unshaven . sweat stain . Rail thin . scratch on he arm , a fresh scar on one cheek . as the taxi roar downhill towards the harbor , whittlesley lean over the front seat . ( italic indicate portuguese to be subtitle ) whittlesley < i> faster ! we will not make it . </ i> driver < i> you want to die ? </ i> whittlesley pull out a knife , put it to the driver 's jugular vein . whittlesley < i> do you ? </ i> sweat pour down he brow , the driver re-double he speed . ext . belem street - night the taxi swerve around a corner , nearly crash into a fruit cart , fly out of sight . ext . harbor - belem - night Light rain obscure the bulky outline of tethere freighter . we hear faint laughter leaven with portuguese phrase , distant calypso music from waterfront bar . one of the smaller boat , the santa lucia , be load as the taxi fishtail to a halt . whittlesley get out , see the boat still at dock . his face flood with relief . whittlesley thank God . he toss a handful of bill into the driver 's lap , sprint up the pier as the driver shout curse after he in portuguese . whittlesley shove past the dock hand as the last load go onto the Santa Lucia . the boat 's engine churn to life . whittlesley < i> I need to speak to the captain ! where be he ? </ i> the sailor hold whittlesley back . whittlesley < i> get you hand off I ! I be try to save you life , you fool ! </ i> several crew member murmur the word " loco " . hear the commotion , a squat man wear a bill hat and smoking a cigar approach . captain franco . franco american ? whittlesley yes . thank Christ somebody speak English . I be Dr. John whittlesley . you have some crate of mine on board . they be ship by mistake to the Natural History Museum . we have to get they off the boat . franco you have i.d .? whittlesley run a tremble hand through he hair , try to keep control and appear reasonable . whittlesley no . let I explain . I be on a expedition for the museum on the Upper xingu . something horrible happen . I be the only one who get out alive . I lose everything , my i.d. , everything . I have to make sure no one else die . the crate , the crate be send out before we know . there 's something unspeakable inside . if you boat leave harbor with that crate on board , I can not be responsible . my God , if they reach New York ... whittlesley 's fist clench spasmodically . franco look to he man . franco loco . whittlesley no ! I be not crazy ! as God be my witness , I be tell the truth . franco bark a order and several sailor grab whittlesley by the arm . they start to lead he back to shore . whittlesley < i> do not do this ! you have to believe I . you life be in danger . </ i> the sailor laugh . but with a almost super-human strength bear of desperation , whittlesley throw they off . he pull out he wallet . whittlesley Cash . Cash , you see ? american money . whittlesley throw the money down on the deck . the breeze scatter the bill across the bow and all the man , include Captain franco , scramble for the money , chatter in portuguese . while they be occupy , whittlesley slip by unnotice and disappear below deck . int . hold - santa lucia - night whittlesley duck between cage of goat , box of farm equipment , he movement jerky with panic . as he continue search , the camera move past he , into the darkness of the hold . we hear whittlesley mumble between low , rag breath . at the back of the boat the camera find ... a stack of crate ... clearly label natural history museum . move in on this as ... the crate vibrate . the boat have start to move ! whittlesley stand bolt upright , realize what 's go on . whittlesley no ! too late . he turn to run back on deck but then stop , sniff the air . a look of desperation fill he eye . with one hand he pull out the knife , and unexpectedly put it to he own neck . better to kill himself than face what come next . the knife touch ... a necklace of two arrow , one gold , another silver . whittlesley stare wide - eye into the blackness of the hold . the goat start bleat in blind panic . a shaft of moonlight come through a porthole as the boat turn . the moonlight fall on the crate . whittlesley 's eye lock onto they and he inch towards they , draw inexorably closer ... closer ... whittlesley no ... no ... he begin mumble a prayer . move in on he eye ... fill with dread as he fall to he knee , stare , always stare at the crate ... ext . dock - night the crew tend to business and the Santa Lucia point out of the harbor , disappear into the night . dissolve to : ext . louisianna coast - day ... title card ... JUNE squad car roar down the back road , siren flash . in the center of the column be a unmark car . int . unmarked car - day at the wheel be a strikingly dignify and impose black man wear a simple , old - fashioned dark suit , narrow black tie , and white shirt . this be special agent pendergast , FBI . a bach sonata for violin and harpsichord play on the tape deck . pendergast hum along as he drive . a SMALL town cop ride shotgun . the cop be intimidate both by pendergast and the morning 's event . he sweat heavily as he bring pendergast up to date . SMALL town cop one of the local find it at dawn . do not believe he ' till I see it myself . even then I do not believe it . scare my man shitless . I too . I mean ... hell ... you could smell it a half mile away , Mr. pendergast . pendergast ( unperturb ) any of you man go on board ? SMALL town cop no sir . no way . none of we want to , I be the first to admit it . I say , " do not get within a mile of this thing . it 's way to big for we . I be call the FBI . " pendergast nod he approval , resume hum along with a particularly intricate harpsichord riff . as always , the man be unflappable and totally calm as he drive . ext . louisiana beach - day the ocean be still , the air stifling and close . a hot sun beat down on the deck of the santa lucia . the boat list at a crazy angle where it have be wash up on the shore . at first glance , it appear to be desert . a barrel roll back and forth as the boat be rock by each successive wave . we hear siren approach and the phalanx of squad car pull up . join they now be two ambulance . pendergast get out along with the other . all of the cop immediately cover they face , gag violently at the smell . pendergast sniff once and frown . apart from this , he do not react . SMALL town cop ( choke ) goin ' up - wind if you do not mind . pendergast nod . the cop all fall back in revulsion . they watch from a safe distance as pendergast approach the ghost ship . his shiny lace wing - tip sink in the sand . he lean down , pull they off one at a time . he ball both sock , put they carefully into he shoe and proceed barefoot towards the boat . use a piece of driftwood as a plank , pendergast lean it against the Santa Lucia . with surprising agility , he leap up the plank to the deck . at the top he touch a rail . it 's cover in a dark sticky liquid . blood . fly buzz loudly . a large machete lie abandon in the stern . chair be overturn . a dead goat , eviscerate , lie in the bow . a lifeboat hang half off the stern . pendergast move aft . the cop watch from the sand below , unwilling to get any closer . pendergast hear a door slamm open and close . he follow the noise and see ... the door to the hold . he approach , push it open and look down the stairwell . below deck be body ... stack of they . they have be torn to shred . the camera move down to one particular man who be nearest the top of the stair . it 's captain franco . his face be freeze in a howl of terror . fly congregate in the eye socket . with he foot , pendergast nudge the body over . the skull have be tear open . there be no back to franco' head . fade to black : silence then we begin hearing sound of the city ... horn , traffic , construction work . super title ... new york CITY , four month later as we ... fade in : on a necklace of two arrow , one of gold , the other silver . the twin to the one see on whittlesley . wide to ... ext . rooftop garden - margo' new york apartment - morning and the woman wear the necklace ... margo GREEN . she sip she morning coffee as she make note on several large fossilized teeth . her hair be neatly comb . no make -up . she do not need it . she have a natural , unselfconscious beauty and a mind like a steel trap . at margo 's elbow be a small t.v. a CNN world news report play . margo 's New York Times be open to the crossword puzzle , which she 's be do rapidly , in ink . clearly this be a woman who like order , with a mind that can handle more than one thing at a time . a alarm on she watch beep and she fill in the last two line of the crossword puzzle , make one final note on the fossil specimen , and shut off the t.v . she reach for she back pack and look out at central park with remarkably clear eye . ext . central park - morning helicopter shot ... swoop over the fall foliage of the Park , a riot of color and botanical life ... the camera pick out margo' bicycle make its way along the wind road , dodging taxi cab . margo wear jeans , a work shirt , a fine blue gabardine jacket with a rhinestone double helix pin . on she back be a leather back pack which hold she lap top computer . she emerge from the park , catch the green light and roll up to ... ext . museum of natural history - day as margo arrive , the camera move up and over the building , come to rest on the impose turret , intersect roof line , and gothic arch of the museum of natural history . this be not a ordinary building ; it 's a 19th century monument to science and mankind . the structure fill a entire city block . happy visitor pour into the museum as margo take the impose wide stone step two at a time . we hear scream of pleasure and release , the normal raucous noise of a large group of third grade child . margo be amused to find herself surround by kid . they teacher , mrs . beasley , a stern woman in glass with a thick New York accent , call after they as they all head inside . mrs . beasley do not run , child ! stay with you partner and do not run ! if anyone run they will be send back to the bus ! ignoring Mrs. beasley , two boy charge past margo . henry and larry . Henry have a buzz cut ; Larry have rasta dread knot . both be 8 year old , wear high top sneaker and short so big they graze they ankle . mrs . beasley Henry ! Larry ! what do I just say ! you walk right this minute ! do you hear I ?! reluctantly , Henry and Larry slow to a rapid race - walk as they reach the huge doorway flanke by two Northwest Coast indian totem pole . above the doorway workmen be hang a large banner . it read : " superstition exhibit ... open oct . 29 " int . museum rotunda / stairwell - day the school child burst into a three story space dominate by a life-size statue of a herd of elephant . the kid chatter with excitement , look up in awe . margo nod to a guard who smile as she pin on a plastic i.d . guard Morning , Dr. Green . margo Morning joe. beautiful day . Henry watch margo pass through the turnstile without pay . he swagger over . henry you work here ? margo yes , I do . henry what do you do ? margo ( lean down , amused ) I be a evolutionary biologist . what do you do ? henry nothing . I be in third grade . what 's a revolutionary what ch 'a mar ' callit ? margo evolutionary biologist . I study how life on earth evolve over million of year . henry ( brighten ) Way cool . then you know where the dinosaur be . margo fourth floor , West wing , but stay with you class . Mrs. beasley head into the museum and Larry and Henry merge with the rest of the kid . margo turn towards the stairwell , pass ... ian cuthbert ... Museum director ... a pudgy man in wire rim glass who dress and think like a banker . hire for he amazing ability to raise money , Cuthbert be one of a new generation of Museum director whose focus must always be on the bottom line . margo hello , Ian . everything ready for the open of the superstition exhibit ? cuthbert I be on my way to get the last piece out of storage right now . margo I would wish you luck but I be not superstitious . cuthbert you will be after tomorrow night . Cuthbert wave merrily . a workman use a ladder in the stairwell . Cuthbert be about to walk under the ladder , stop and carefully walk around it instead . margo smile , go on upstairs . int . museum basement - day Cuthbert enter from the lower stairwell . he be now in one of the hundred of area of the museum that be close to the the general public . he follow a labyrinthine route down a dim passageway line with rumbling steam pipe . there be storage area on both side label ornithology , herpitology , central asia expedition , akeley expedition , whale bone fossils and so on . finally Cuthbert come to a door mark " whittlesley expedition 1978 - 95 " . Cuthbert pause and get out a key , but to he surprise the door push open . the lock and doorknob mechanism be both break off ! Cuthbert frown . cuthbert what the ... ? he go inside . int . whittlesley collection basement - day Cuthbert flip on a light to see a tall , narrow space . stack of metal shelf reach up into the gloom . everywhere we see spear , shield , mask , various artifact . ancient tribal costume lie shroud in plastic like corpse against the wall . and in the middle of the gloom , sit ominously in the light of a sole hang bulb be ... the whittlesley crate . the same one last see in the hold of the ill-fate Santa Lucia . they be scattered about in disarray . one in particular have be break open , its content spread on the floor . Cuthbert mutter in surprise and dismay , kneel by the crate . cuthbert no , it can not be . Cuthbert feel gently through the pack material , let out a sigh of relief as he pull out a figurine . it be a small , beautifully carve statue of a monster crouch on all four . the room fall totally silent as Cuthbert study the relic . it 's a truly frightening piece ... massive , razor sharp claw , large round nostril , enormous tooth and red rimmed eye . suddenly Cuthbert see a drop of blood on he hand ! he 's be CUT ! cuthbert damn . Cuthbert rise , shake he finger in pain . blood drip on the floor . he pull out he pocket handkerchief and wrap the wound . the handkerchief rapidly soak through . suddenly a hand clamp on Cuthbert 's shoulder ! he 's not alone ! he let out a yelp , almost drop the relic and spin to see ... a museum guard stand behind he . his nameplate read ... beauregard . he 's a gentle young fellow with white blond hair and a roll southern accent . cuthbert beauregard ! you scared I half to death . beauregard I be sorry , sir . you okay ? cuthbert someone break into this room . beauregard anything missin ' ? cuthbert do not look like it . we be damned lucky . this statue be priceless . Cuthbert hold up the relic of the monster . beauregard stare . cuthbert mbwun . a South american warrior deity . he carry a powerful curse . every member of the expedition that find this statue , die . beauregard see Cuthbert 's cut finger . beauregard look like the curse be still at work . cuthbert the claw be sharp ... I must have cut myself . ( uneasy laugh ) better move this crate to the secure storage area where they will be safe . beauregard study the door as Cuthbert head out with the figurine . beauregard do not know if it will do any good , Mr. Cuthbert . cuthbert why not ? beauregard no one break into this room , sir . someone break out . that lock be tear off from the inside . Cuthbert glance at the evil face of mbwun , pale . as he exit , hold on beauregard , leave alone with the crate . int . physical anthropology lab - day huge centrifuge , hiss autoclave , electrophoresis apparati , glow monitor , elaborate blow - glass distillation column and titration set-up . one of the most advanced technical facility of its kind . and mix in with all the modern machinery be skeleton of all kind . complete homo sapien specimen be scattered around the room . stand midst all this be gregory kawakita , early twenty . kawakita make sharp , jerky overhead movement with he leave hand , wave something about . he 's practice casting . we hear the zing of a line and the whirring of the fly reel as margo enter . a fly whip out , pass right under she nose . kawakita third from the end ! right shoulder . aleut , provenance unknown . the fly zoom across the room and light on the shoulder of the third skeleton from the end , label " aleut , provenance unknown . " margo roll she eye and kawakita smile with pride . kawakita if I spend half the time on my fractal evolution thesis that I spend on this fly rod , I would have my phd . margo ( small smile ) but at what a price . kawakita reel in he line as margo drop she backpack on she large desk . a enormous microscope stand by the equally impose computer top by a tiger skull . a screen saver of a animated pterodactyl play . margo unpack box of fossil tooth , hit some key revealing column of seemingly indecipherable chemical equation on the computer screen . margo I have the species identification on this tooth . we can extract DNA and start run test on the extrapolator program . call Dr. frock . he want a demonstration . kawakita margo , you have not hear ? margo what ? kawakita frock 's be fire . margo straighten , stunne . margo that 's impossible . kawakita ( awkward ) I be sorry to be the bearer of bad tiding , but you know I . telegraph . telephone . tell kawakita . I get the definitive word from Cuthbert 's secretary . this be Dr. frock 's last week . margo be already out the door . int . corridor / stairwell - museum - day margo charge through double door lead into the southwest tower . she half run down a elegant , edwardian fifth - floor corridor , she footstep lose in the thick carpet . at the very end be a heavy oak door bear a plate entwine with bronze leave that read simply " Dr. frock " . int . frock's office - day margo burst into the unique office , which be in startling contrast to the modernity of she own . two large bow window look out over the park . upholster victorian chair in a leaf motif sit on needlepoint carpet feature large red rose . Plant specimen and drawing of flora and fauna line the wall . cardboard box cover the floor . seat in a wheelchair be a white - haire man in a tweed jacket and a loud floral tie . glass slip down he nose . this be dr . frock , and he 's in the middle of pack . he look up , smile apologetically . dr . frock hello , margo . sorry about the mess . margo be it true ? greg say you would be fire . frock yes . bit of a shock . but as Cuthbert so tactfully put it , the museum need new blood . and since I have be here since the mesozoic era -- margo I do not believe it . frock now margo , do not overreact . Cuthbert have to cut cost somehow . my leave make perfect sense . this be not exactly early retirement . I have overstaye the party a bit . margo we can not do without you . you be one of the foremost authority on primitive pharmacology . you be practically a institution around here . frock that , apparently , be the problem . I be yesterday 's news . who need a curator of Plant biology in a museum with one exhibit on plant ? monster and dinosaur , cannibal and shaman be the new currency of the realm . frock go back to he work pack to hide he emotion and margo move to he side . she pull frock 's book back out of the box , return they to he desk . margo " phyletic transformation and the tertiary fern spike " be not go anywhere . I will talk to Cuthbert and put a stop to this right now . she start for the door and frock wheel into she path . now for the first time she see what he 's be carefully hide ... the deep pain in he eye . frock please . do not humiliate I further . margo let I help . I can take care of everything . frock no , margo . this be one problem you can not solve . you have to stay out of it . the fact be , I want to retire . margo how can you say that ? you know it 's not true . frock yes it be . I be tired and I be no longer need -- margo my work on fossil intermediate would be crippled without you . frock with all due respect , dear , that 's bull . you dance ring around I with you new technology . you have leave I in the dust . margo ( stubbornly loyal ) you work be highly relevant . what about you display on primitive pharmacology ? Cuthbert tell I himself he be go to feature it prominently in the superstition exhibit . frock heal plant use among the ki tribe of bechuanaland have be cancel to make room for tibetan erotic Art . frock reach out and squeeze she hand gently with a look that say the discussion be over . frock come on . I will walk you back to the elevator . margo I be not give up . frock you must . int . museum hallway - day frock roll back down the hall the way margo just come . margo be beside he , downcast . she 's not use to defeat . frock this be not a death sentence . greg have promise to teach I fly fishing . I will garden . I will write . margo you be this museum . it will not be the same without you . frock everyone need a change of scenery . I have be roll down this hall for forty - odd year . that 's quite enough . margo get in the elevator reluctantly . he smile and meet she eye . frock I will see you at lunch . he wave she off merrily . but once the door close and margo 's out of sight , frock 's smile fade and he shoulder sag . he duck he wheelchair quickly into the Hall of African mammal . int . hall of african mammal - afternoon two storey high , dark and dramatic . a very special display . dioramas of lion , hippos , wart hog etc . in the middle be a large statue of a gorilla beat its chest . frock take refuge in the darkness of the exhibit . his wheelchair sit in a quiet corner and we see he quickly wipe the back of he hand across he eye . int . mollusk exhibit - day shell and sea life line the wall . a sign announce the exhibit " mollusk and we World . " the third grade CLASS sweep in . Larry and Henry start to sing " mollusk and we World " to the tune of " welcome to we World " , the f.a.o . schwartz theme song . Mrs. beasley shoot they the evil eye and Henry whine ... henry Mrs. beasley , it 's almost time to go and we still have not see the dinosaur ! beasley if you ask I about the dinosaur once more , I 'ii strangle you both ! she start to lecture about horseshoe crab in a dron monotone . Henry and Larry hang back . larry ( whisper ) this room suck . henry she 's never go to take we to see the dinosaur . that lady say they be on the fourth floor . larry let 's ditch and find they ourselves . they dart off down a side corridor and up a wide stair . int . reptile and amphibian room - day Larry and Henry emerge and walk wide - eye among the case of lizard , chameleon , tortoise . High window light the room . outside the sun be go down . a woman push a child in a stroller exit and the boy have the hall to themselves . larry look at this . a komodo dragon . as Larry check out , the huge , dragon - like reptile , which have just sink its jaw into a stuff boar . Henry point to a stuff gecko climb vertically up the side of its case . henry check out this one . it can walk up wall . Larry already have he eye on the far end of the hall where temporary barricade have be put up to prevent access to the next room . Painting be in progress . scaffold just beg to be climb . Henry run over and start up the scaffold . Larry hesitates . larry we be not suppose to go back there . henry Chicken . this be a great short cut . Henry drop on the other side of the scaffold and Larry follow . in a moment both disappear from sight . int . museum hall of bird - day windowless and dark . a close display under maintenance . thousands of little stuff bird line the wall from floor to ceiling , white cotton poke out of sightless eye . Henry and Larry enter and slow down . Larry 's get scared . larry I do not want to go this way . henry do not be a wuss . come on . the boy continue onward more slowly , they footfalls echoing in the silence . int . back hallway - day the child be now far from the other tourist and they class . Larry be frighten . the hall take a sharp dog-leg , end in a darken cul - de- sac full of display case fill with hideous carve mask . against the side of the chamber be a barricade of wood which look much like a wall . Henry tug at it and the barricade move . he look behind . henry hey , there 's a secret staircase back here . cool . Henry disappear behind the barricade leave Larry completely alone in the dark room with the shaman mask . larry Henry , come back ! Henry do not respond . the light in the case throw strange shadow . Larry start to sniffle , fall to hiccupe , sit down . he pull on a little flap of rubber that 's come off the toe of he sneaker , all bravado go . larry Henry ! Henry ! no answer . Larry rise and peek behind the barricade . he see the circular stair . it descend into total darkness . from below come a strange smell that make Larry 's nose wrinkle . larry Henry ? no answer . Larry put he first foot on the stair . larry Henry ! come up ! please ! with no other option but stay alone in the dark , Larry follow Henry down . int . spiral staircase - day Larry clutches the banister , whisper ... larry Henry ? where be you ? Henry ? Larry take another step . another . and another . he stop . below he he hear snuffling , rather like a large dog . Larry freeze , start to cry . larry Henry ! Henry ! it smell awful . answer I ! be you all right ? Larry can barely see a dim hallway stretch out in two direction . he pause near the bottom of the stair , eye wide , hold he breath . there appear to be a darker area of shadow at the end of the hall . it 's glide toward they ! suddenly something close on Larry 's leg and he yelp . it 's henry . Henry pull Larry the rest of the way down the stair . they stand alone together in the darkness . Henry hiss . henry quiet ! larry what be it ? henry I do not know . but I think it 's bad . they keep they eye lock on the shape at the end of the hall as they back up , step by step . move in as they face suddenly twist with fear . the boy ... scream bloody murder ... the sound echoe in the darkness as we ... CUT to : int . margo' apartment - night margo sit up in the darkness , gasp . moonlight cut across the bed . it take a moment for she to realize that she 's have a nightmare . she reach for she light . as she switch it on , we see a photo on she bedside table . it show a group on a mountain in tibet . there be several people with they arm sling around each other . at the end be a young margo hold hand with JOHN whittlesley . they appear to be more than friend . on margo ... she look at the photo a moment , then turn off the light and lie back , alone in she bed . dissolve to : ext . central park west - day yellow crime tape encircle the museum . Dead leave swirl in cluster and the sky be overcast . overnight , fall turn to winter . the front of the museum be ringed with police car . margo ride up on she bike and pause , startle at the sight . we watch as she cross , have a few word with one of the officer who motion she to a side entrance . she wheel she bike under a stone tunnel as we pick up ... a taxi cab arrive at the front entrance . out step special agent pendergast . int . lower rotunda - day margo enter . the huge hall be take up by a enormous boat carve from the trunk of a single tree . Inside it be mannequin of Northwest Coast Indians . milling around be at least twenty cop . one approach . cop id . worried , margo hand it over . margo what 's go on ? cop all employee be to go to the imax room for a briefing , Dr. Green . int . side hall - museum - day several cop go by with tracking dog . margo look back at the dog , increasingly uneasy , almost bump into ... henry and larry . surprisingly , they be alive and well and seat with mrs . beasley outside a office . margo exchange a look with both boy , remember they from yesterday . a tentative smile start but Henry and Larry do not return it . serious and chasten , they drop they eye . margo continue on . two cop stand outside the door to the rest room , they back turn to margo as she approach . cop one what be that ? six ? cop two lose count . margo glance past they to see a older man wear the badge of a night watchman , lean over a sink . he wipe he mouth . margo 's eye move down to see ... the man' sneaker be soak in blood . int . hall of advanced fossil mammal - day more cop gather , surround by skeleton of primate ... human , monkey , gorilla . it 's a odd sight . they all look up with interest as in walk the impose figure of ... special agent pendergast . he turn to a young eager beaver , officer bailey , flash he badge . Bailey straighten to attention . pendergast could you please take I to the officer in charge ? int . circular stairwell - day pendergast follow Bailey as they descend the rickety old metal staircase that go into the bowel of the museum . the hall below they be narrowand light by a occasional bare bulb . the stairway open onto a maze - like set of room in the basement . everything around they be streak and spatter in blood . there be trail of it on the floor , the wall , the overhead light . several cop stand guard as detective vince d'agosta go over the area . he be a round , bald , man with a unmistakable air of authority . a modern knight in shine armor in disguise ... deep disguise . he have on a cheap polyester short sleeve shirt . his t-shirt be plainly visible underneath . on he wear plastic belt be a badge . d'agosta do not touch anything until the s.o.c. have finish with that stair . keep everyone clear of the perimeter . I do not want any contamination . there 's a incredible amount of blood evidence down here . we need more light . where 's the photographer ? tell he to quit eat donut , I need he . as pendergast enter , d'agosta look up at this serious African - american in simple black suit , white shirt and dark tie . d'agosta who be you ? the undertaker ? pendergast special agent pendergast . FBI . d'agosta Vince d'agosta . be I out ? pendergast not at all . I think we may be work on the same case . if so , I could use you help . the two man shake hand . they could not be more different . pendergast be a elegant intellectual ... d'agosta a work class spark plug who operate from the gut . pendergast gesture to the form on the ground . pendergast the body ? d'agosta what 's leave of it . pendergast mind if I have a look ? d'agosta call to a police photographer who come down the staircase carry light , a donut stuff in he mouth . d'agosta we need light in here , stat . pendergast where 's the head ? d'agosta point to a lump the size of a bowl ball that 's in the corner . d'agosta careful . that mess on the ground be brain . pendergast whose footprint ? d'agosta night watchman who find the body . sweet old man . be toss he cookie for over a hour . not a likely suspect . the photographer be finally ready and he flood the dark room with light . and now everyone ( but not we ) get a very clear look at the body . the photographer ... spit out he donut . his eye roll up and he drop in a dead faint . just like that . d'agosta swallow hard . d'agosta woof . pendergast look down , utterly impassive . pendergast yes , I would say we be definitely work on the same case . int . imax room - day a old 19th century theater . balcony . heavy curtain . it look like the theater where lincoln be shot , with the exception of the most recent addition , a imax screen five storey high . the room be fill with museum employee , all murmure anxiously . margo sit down next to frock 's wheelchair . her face be ashen . margo Dr. frock , I just see a man back there who would be wading in blood . as greg kawakita sit in the chair next to margo ... margo ( con 't ) for once I be glad you be rumor central . what in the world be go on ? kawakita someone 's be murder . not shot , strangle or stab , either . torn limb from limb . there 's talk of a psychotic killer or even a animal . frock for heaven 's sake , greg , someone 's be kill . look , it 's Cuthbert . let 's hear what really happen . at this everyone fall silent and ian cuthbert step forward to address the crowd . he appear draw and grey . cuthbert this have be a tragic and upsetting morning . I have terrible news for we all . a member of we security force have be find murder . the police have just inform I it be Daniel beauregard . ( murmure fill the room ) quiet . please . with the help of we head of security , Mr. ippolito ... the museum have be secure . ippolito ... rise in the back and nod to the crowd ... he 's a imperious look , pompous man with shifty eye . right now he 's defensive . overnight , he job be on the line ... cuthbert the police be satisfied we be in no danger , that we be all perfectly safe . we have be ask to remain in the gem room and be available for question for the rest of the day . obviously , we will all do everything we can to cooperate . be there any question ? ippolito raise a hand . ippolito the party for the open of the superstition exhibit ... I imagine in the light of what 's happen it will be push back . cuthbert no action have be take yet . the open of the exhibit be crucial to the financial health of this museum . so for now , we expect that the superstition exhibit will open on schedule , tomorrow night . ippolito register surprise . the audience buzze again . int . gem room - day margo , Dr. frock and greg kawakita enter . the room be full of spectacular display of gemstone of every type . greg drape himself over a grey sofa . margo lean on a giant geode . margo that Cuthbert . what a piece of work . someone 's dead and all he care about be he superstition exhibit . frock Cuthbert 's count on the exhibition 's success . the museum be in debt . contribution and public funding have dry up . admission no longer cover overhead . the last big infusion of cash we have be the King tut exhibit . Cuthbert be hire to get we out of the red . if the superstition exhibit be not lucrative , he will have to start auction off some of this gem . kawakita with all this bad publicity , it 's no wonder he look like that . they glance over and see Cuthbert in the corner . he appear ill , be compulsively finger he watch chain from which hang a rabbit' foot . frock go over to speak to he , follow by margo and greg . frock Ian . be you okay ? cuthbert ( shake he head ) beauregard . I can not believe it . I may have be the last one to see he alive . he be with I just yesterday , when I get out the statue of mbwun . margo ( take aback ) mbwun . kawakita ( sense more gossip ) what 's that ? margo frown , suddenly uneasy . she and Dr. frock exchange a look . margo warrior deity of the kothoga , a extinct South american tribe . Dr. John whittlesley lead a expedition that find the only know representation of mbwun . the statue be say to carry a curse . ( she look away , quiet ) every member of whittlesley 's expedition die . cuthbert I get the relic out yesterday to put on display . beauregard be there . the crate have be break into and the content be strewn about . but nothing be miss . it be downright weird . we joke that it be the curse of mbwun . I be not laugh now . frock come , Ian . we all know you be superstitious . but you be among scientist here . we deal in fact . that statue have nothing to do with what happen to beauregard . cuthbert all I know be , everyone who have come in contact with that relic , be dead . int . business office - museum - day d'agosta have set up a temporary command post among the antique desk and chair . the room be on the ground floor with a view of the park . gawker be outside look in . d'agosta pull the blind in they face . d'agosta ( mutter ) get a life . pendergast be look closely at one of the large painting of bird that line the wall . pendergast a original Roger tory Peterson of a red-breasted merganser . amazing . I have a copy of this in my office at home . d'agosta can not really focus on bird at the moment , pendergast . I be tryin ' to keep my breakfast down . pendergast in this violent world , I believe the only way to stay sane be to take time to notice beautiful thing . d'agosta I drink . after hour of course . on duty , I smoke . ( he pull out a fat cigar ) do you mind ? pendergast not at all . I enjoy the smell of a good cigar . d'agosta then you will not like this one . it 's a piece of shit . he bite off the end , spit it out on the floor . pendergast Lieutenant -- d'agosta call I Vince . pendergast do you read about a boat that wash up outside of New Orleans about four month ago ? twelve body on board . d'agosta who do not ? Big news . out of Brazil , be not it ? pendergast yes . that 's my case . now it 's yours . all the corpse be badly mutilate in a very particular way . decapitate . brain extract . limb tear to shred . it look like the work of a large animal , but there be no sign of a animal on board . d'agosta so the method of death be the only connection ? pendergast no . there 's more . there be crate from this museum in the hold of the boat . bailey enter , interrupt . bailey uh , Vince . sorry . this will not wait . d'agosta it better be good . bailey there be a couple of kid who be lose yesterday near the site of the murder . claim they see a monster . they be pretty determine to tell you they story . you want to see they ? d'agosta ( roll he eye ) no. pendergast if you do not mind , this could be important . d'agosta you be kid . pendergast unfortunately , no . int . museum classroom - day a modern classroom that have be take over by the police for the purpose of interrogation . seat on small chair at a plain table be ... henry and larry , look like two little boy with a story they be desperate to share . stand behind they be mrs . beasley , starchier than ever . d'agosta take a chair across from the boy , at they eye level . by this time of day he look pretty rumple and tired . pendergast stand upright and unruffled in a doorway behind . this be not hard duty for d'agosta . he 's surprisingly genial and at ease with kid . Larry kick he sneaker against the table leg in excitement . Henry tug he t-shirt . d'agosta hi. I be Lieutenant d'agosta . you can call I Vince . this be special agent pendergast . you can call he ... ( he look to pendergast , so formal ) special agent pendergast . beasley this be Henry Weiss and Larry bower . d'agosta so ... tell we about this monster . larry we be lose and try to find a short cut to the dino -- Henry elbow he hard . Larry shut up . henry we be just lose , okay ? and we go down this curvy staircase . at the bottom be a big shadow . larry Big as a house . henry not that big . larry well almost . depend which house . it smell like old hamburger , and it make this weird noise . Henry make a low growl in he throat . d'agosta suppress a smile , shoot pendergast a look . but pendergast watch the kid intently . larry and it snuffle the ground like a dog . henry like this . he go on hand and knee , sniff the ground . larry it have a long tongue , tooth this big and yellow eye . henry they be green eye and they be slit like a lizard 's . larry they be yellow ! henry you be color blind . beasley boy , please ! ( to d'agosta ) this two get in a lot of mischief and they tell some amazing whopper . d'agosta I can see that . henry this be not a whopper ! it 's the truth . pendergast now move forward , pull up a chair as if deeply interested . pendergast how do you get away ? henry we run and scream and stuff . and we get through a little door just in time . there be a guard there and he go back to check . pendergast a guard ? do you remember he name ? larry he be wear one of that i.d. badge . his name be bo ... something . d'agosta beauregard ? larry yeah . ext . museum - day a ambulance pull away , light flash . pendergast and d'agosta walk to a squad car . d'agosta I have get to admit , that be a damn sight better than " the dog eat my homework " . pendergast how do you explain the part about beauregard ? d'agosta they hear the victim 's name and wove he into they story . Nice touch . pendergast I believe they . d'agosta stop , stunne . d'agosta you think what we have get here be a monster as big as a house that smell ... like hamburger ? pendergast no . I think what we have get here be a psychotic killer wield some kind of unusual weapon ... who want we to believe he 's a monster . d'agosta ( totally confuse ) oh. int . new york CITY morgue - evening d'agosta and pendergast thread they way down a hall line with body on gurney . it 's dark and quiet . they go into the autopsy room . int . autopsy room - afternoon a large gurney , currently empty , sit like a uninvite guest under the bright light of the autopsy suite . beside it be a tall , impose doctor in she late 50' , with intense eye . this be dr . ziewzic . with she be the photographer see pass out at the museum , and a young intern , doctor gross . dr . ziewzic you be late , Vince . d'agosta sorry Dr. Ziewzic . this be special agent pendergast . pendergast , Dr. Ziewzic . she run the best chop shop in New York . pendergast we have meet . the hacksaw murder . ' 89 . dr . ziewzic oh yes ! who could forget . afterwards you send I that amazing case of chateau lafitte . pendergast I hope you like it . dr . ziewzic Lovely bouquet . after we last case , Vince take I out for a draft beer . as I recall we split the check . d'agosta ( grumble ) it 's be one of that day . dr . ziewzic ( she snap she rubber glove ) shall we get down to it , then ? Dr. Gross wheel the gurney over to the morgue bank and slide open a drawer . the shape under the plastic seem too small to be human . to the side of it be a large bump , presumably the head . the two piece of cadaver be sly onto the gurney and wheeled under the light . a stainless steel bucket be place under the gurney 's outlet pipe . Dr. Ziewzic fiddle with a microphone hang above the body , she tap it and it give off the proper static . dr . ziewzic ( for the microphone ) this be Dr. Matilda Ziewzic , assist by Dr. Frederick Gross . it 's Oct. 28 , six fifteen p.m . we be join by Lieutenant Vincent d'agosta of the nypd , special agent pendergast of the FBI and a police photographer . let 's see what we have get . they pull off the sheet and d'agosta swallow hard , close he eye to keep he stomach in check . the photographer go green , but be determine not to clutch this time . pendergast lean closer , totally impassive . he put on a small pair of wire rim glass , assume a expression much like a man read a menu in a restaurant . dr . ziewzic caucasian male . Age about 27 . blond . height well I can not give a height because Mr. beauregard have be decapitate . the state of the body be such that other identify mark be out of the question . there be numerous laceration proceeding from the leave anterior pectoral downward through the sternum and terminate in the abdomen . this be a massive wound , two foot long and a foot wide . the head have suffer severe trauma and the occipital portion of the calavarium have be crush and remove . it almost look like ... dr . gross ( beat ) a bite . Ziewzic turn to pendergast . dr . ziewzic what be we talk about here ? pendergast someone who make the hacksaw murderer look like mother Teresa . dr . ziewzic right. ( back to work ) the entire brain appear to have be extract . May I see it , please ? Gross pass over a grey , watery mass that sit in a stainless steel pan . Ziewzic study beauregard 's brain , or what 's leave of it ... dr . ziewzic curious . there 's something miss . pendergast the thalamus and the hypothalamus , perhaps ? dr . ziewzic ( look up , surprised ) yes . two organ the size of a walnut have be remove with what look like surgical precision . d'agosta what happen to they ? pendergast if you do not mind a suggestion , you might try a saliva test . Ziewzic , Gross and d'agosta look at pendergast . the photographer be stare at the wall , silently mouth multiplication table to keep from woof all over the place . d'agosta ( incredulous ) saliva test ? you mean , you think someone eat part of the brain ? pendergast correct . a long moment of silence , then ... Zwiezic use a swab for the saliva test , put the result in a petrie dish . dr . zwiezic okay . one saliva test . now ... let 's look at this laceration . they start wide and then converge . d'agosta Long fingernails ? scratch ? dr . zwiezic too extreme . perhaps some kind of weapon . I be now probing the wound and ... there 's a piece of foreign material deep in the muscle , lodge on a rib . photograph . the photographer gather he courage , step forward with d'agosta and pendergast . Zwiezic rinse the object off in a beaker of sterile water . it turn brownish red . she hold it up . they all stare in astonished silence . d'agosta swallow . d'agosta sweet Jesus . dr . zwiezic it 's a claw . the photographer 's flash go off . dissolve to : ext . street - night a black and white head uptown . int . cop car - night pendergast sit in silence . d'agosta be visibly disturb . d'agosta I do not like animal . never have . Dog bit I when I be little . after that I give up on pet . animal be irrational . give I a psychotic killer any day . if there 's one thing that make I queasy it 's be part of a food chain . my first case as a rookie , two brother climb a fence at the zoo . it be late August . over ninety . the polar bear be inside he cave . kid do not know he be in there . all they see be the pool . they get to swim and splash . the noise wake up the bear . by the time I arrive , both little boy be in piece . the bear be drag one kid around by the foot . I can still hear the mother scream -- pendergast this be not a animal , Vince . I have be on this case four month , remember ? I have learn a few thing . d'agosta you have be hold out on I pendergast . you have a suspect capable of this ? pendergast look over , nod quietly . pendergast let I tell you about it , Vince . ext . natural history museum - dusk the yellow crime scene tape be tear and flap in a light rain . most of the emergency vehicle have leave . the police have release the employee who be now head home . we see frock and kawakita exit . Cuthbert be not far behind . pendergast approach they , head back inside . pendergast Excuse I . have Dr. Green leave ? kawakita before eight ? you must be joke . she 's in the physical anthro lab make up for lose time . pendergast nod he thanks . int . museum hall of the gem - night the gem glow in the darkness as pendergast pass through the now empty room . int . meteorite room - night pendergast 's footfalls be lose in the carpet as he go down the far stair . int . hallway - museum - night pendergast go down a long , dark hall alone . he arrive at a door mark physical anthropology lab , enter . int . physical anthropology lab - night the skeleton throw odd shadow on the ceiling . margo 's computer screen glow at the end of the room , casting the only light . but she chair be empty . the room be quiet . pendergast approach slowly , look around . pendergast Dr. Green ? no answer . pendergast glance at the computer screen , see graph and complicated notation . he scroll down , lean closer . he can not figure it out . he slide into margo 's chair , fascinate . then ... margo ( os ) you have a warrant to look at that ? pendergast leap up . margo have appear in the doorway behind he , a cup of coffee in she hand . pendergast special agent pendergast . FBI . forgive I . I guess I be snooping . what be this ? margo a invention of mine . it 's a computer program design to describe the characteristic of a give species from a read of its DNA . I call it the genetic sequence extrapolator . pendergast how do it work ? margo with a DNA analysis from a fossil you can use this program to tell the species and sex of the animal , whether it be nocturnal , what it eat , how it hunt , how big it be ... ( abrupt ) you be not here for a lesson in DNA . pendergast no. ( a moment ) I come to talk about Dr. John whittlesley . margo turn to put down she coffee . she take a moment to compose herself . when she turn back , she voice be quiet . margo somehow , when all this happen ... I know it would come back to John . be he really dead ? pendergast maybe not . margo if he be alive he would have contact I . pendergast you have time to talk ? int . museum hall - night pendergast and margo walk together though various exhibit and hall . they pass diorama of ferocious wild animal that have be tame and stuff behind glass . pendergast Dr. whittlesley be last see in belem , Venezuela a week after the rest of he expedition disappear . a taxi driver drive he to the harbor where he board a cargo boat . that boat wash up in my district . everyone on board be kill . margo and John ? pendergast disappear . his body be not among the victim . margo I do not understand . pendergast the people kill be maul and they brain be eat . just like beauregard . one part of the brain be extract with surgical precision . the hypothalamus and thalamus to be exact . margo pale . margo John could not have anything to do with a horrible thing like that . he be a fine man despite he problem -- pendergast you love he . margo ( a moment , take aback ) yes. once . we meet at Columbia . John hold the cadwalader chair in statistical paleontology when I be a grad student there . pendergast you be go to be marry . margo how do you know that ? pendergast I run a internet search on Dr. whittlesley . get a list of he scholarly article and the engagement announcement in the Times . I also find a record of you restrain order . margo that be two year ago . John be still in love with I . ( she look down ) he would not leave I alone . pendergast you be afraid of he , be not you ? margo he be afraid of himself . he try suicide once . he be ill . Manic depressive . he have wild emotional high and low . not a happy affliction for a scientist . he would be revere in we community . by the end he be a joke . pendergast tell I about the last expedition . what be he look for ? margo a legendary monster call mbwun . pendergast a monster ? margo yes . he develop he own theory that he call the calisto effect . it hold that evolution be not always gradual or drive by natural selection . the environment would sometimes cause sudden and grotesque change which could result in a " monster species " . it make no sense . but he feel he have evidence that mbwun be such a monster , live in isolation on the tepui for thousand of year . pendergast what happen ? margo no one know . the kothoga who live on the tepui be cannibal . margo 's voice catch again . pendergast reach for he handkerchief but she shake she head , determine to keep control . margo no. I be all right . I will not let this affect I anymore . John would not get help . his ego endangered the life of other . his theory come first . pendergast what if whittlesley arrive on the tepui and no monster be there ? be he desperate enough to create one ? margo I do not understand . pendergast something come up in autopsy tonight . imbedd in beauregard 's body we find a claw . margo my God . then it be a animal . pendergast I do not think so . I think we be mean to think it be mbwun . do whittlesley 's monster have claw ? margo I do not know . he send back a statue that 's suppose to be a exact representation . but I have never see it . it 's in the exhibit . pendergast would you mind show it to I ? int . superstition exhibit - night this exhibit be unlike anything we have see in the museum . horrify artifact under single spot appear to float in a velvet blackness . pattern of light and shadow play over skeleton and voodoo doll . there be tomb , a torture chamber , and endlessly curving , maze - like , wind hall . pendergast where would we find it ? margo I be not sure . we should split up . you take that hall and I will take this one . pendergast all right . I be as macho as you be . perhaps . without further discussion , margo take the right fork leave pendergast behind . on margo ... as she find herself alone . the silence be intense . she head slowly into another long , dark , tunnel pass a set of Maori tattooe head . the eye be stuff with fiber , the shrivel lip be draw back from rotting tooth . margo pass without a look . on pendergast in another part of the exhibit , he near a mayan tomb . a skeleton in the center wear a headdress and tribal robe . gold ring encircle bony finger . pendergast take a moment to appreciate it , head into the next hall . on margo get farther from pendergast , and ever deeper into the gloom . the wall around she be line with symbol of witchcraft . there be shaman dancer , mask cover in grasses and shell . from the New guinea coast there be kokpah , God of a secret male society , and Zoe - ba , a awesome mannequin in black costume with a angry point mask . finally the wall open up into another gallery . Beyond it be more of the shadowy hall . margo stop and for the first time she waver . this gallery be the most frightening yet . it feature image of the devil from different culture around the world . in the dim light , margo be dwarf by abhorrent statue of satan , tornarsuk ( the eskimo evil spirit ) , incubi from India , tibet , New guinea etc . and there in the center of the gallery sit on a altar and light by a spot , be a small figurine . margo be instantly draw to it . as she get close enough she see the label in gothic letter . mbwun Savage God of the kothoga , also know as " he who walk on all four " . the statue be terrifyingly life-like . margo stare at the Beast . mbwun be cover in scale and stiff hair , with glitter green eye and crude , reptilian feature . the figure be hunch over in a threaten crouch . it 's long forearm trail to the ground end in three large claw ! on margo ... she start , then remember pendergast . margo Mr. pendergast ! I find it . no answer . she turn , try again , louder . margo pendergast ! over here -- her voice catch as she stop and sniff the air . a stench roll over she . she cover she face , back up , hold she breath . margo what the ... she step directly into a nasty statue of the tibetan lord of the Dead . margo start , steady the statue . the room be silent once more . but then , unmistakably ... she hear it . a odd rustling sound . slow. deliberate . maddeningly soft on the thick carpet . and another wave of the smell . margo look in the direction she come , down the long dark hall . her voice come out a bit frighten as she call ... margo pendergast ? ( no answer ) who 's there ? but now she freeze . at last she 's truly scared . a shadow , black against black , be glide stealthily towards she , move over the display case and grin artifact ! margo stand stock still , she eye on the shadow . she let out a small gasp of shock . she can not believe she eye . it defy reason . slowly , she back up . she slip quietly through the exhibit and out the other side . in the next room she pause again , listen ... now hearing a distinctly animal , snuffling SOUND ! something large be tracking her ! there 's no doubt . overcome by a blind panic , margo turn and run . she pass through a display on mythical creature , disappear down another wind dark hall . behind she come ... the pounding of something in a heavy , loping run ! whatever it be , it 's charge after she ! she turn another corner . and another , tear as fast as she can ! but now the wall up ahead be narrowing , lead to ... a dead end ! margo slam up against a lock door with a window of glass . the hall feature display of terrifying totem pole . all around the ghoulish carve face seem to leap out ! she pound on the door but it 's useless . she 's trap . and the thing be come behind she ! it 's just around the last bend when it stop ! silence again envelop she . she 's afraid to turn . she can hear heavy breathing , and something like a low growl ! reflected in the glass of the door in front of she be the long dark hall . margo start as a face appear in the reflection ... the image be waver and unclear . it 's a large , hulk form behind she ! two glowing slit GREEN eye in the dark ! margo scream as the thing leap forward , hit one of the totem pole . margo sink to the ground , unconscious . at last we hear pendergast call as darkness fall . pendergast Dr. Green ! Dr. Green ! dissolve to : int . superstition exhibit - night on margo ... lie on the carpet . there 's a large , nasty bump on she forehead . the totem pole be on the floor beside she . lean over she be pendergast . margo start to sit up . pendergast gently restrain she . pendergast what happen ? margo I do not know . pendergast I hear you call and I run after you , but you keep disappear and I could not keep up . margo ( she touch she forehead ) you be behind I ? running after I ? pendergast nod . as margo rise he try to help she but she wave he off , collect she thought . margo it 's okay , I be all right . I remember now ... it be a animal . something large ! I could smell it . it be hunt I . I see two green eye in the dark . pendergast where do you see it ? margo behind I . over there . margo turn and point behind she to ... a large northwest coast indian mask . it 's carve out of wood in a horrible grimace , inset with two glow green eye . pendergast see it too , say nothing . margo that 's not what I see . pendergast all right . if you be positive . she lean against the wall , touch she forehead , panic overcome she again . margo ( con 't ) I can not think straight at the moment . I know how crazy this seem . please , Mr. pendergast , I need some fresh air . could you get I out of here ? ext . rotunda front entry - exhibit - night three cop include mcnitt , rodriguez and rogers prepare to enter the exhibit . all be armed . margo watch as pendergast give they instruction . she appear rattle and confuse . pendergast stay in formation together . take it room by room . check for footprint , any sign of disturbance . if you see or hear anything the least bit suspicious , I want to know . he point to doyle , a older red-haire cop who take up a post outside the exhibit . pendergast hand doyle he walkie talkie . pendergast Bailey 's go to be in the guard house outside . Officer Van dorn be right down that hall . when mcnitt 's do , he will relieve you . doyle nod . pendergast and margo walk out . ext . museum - night margo and pendergast exit . the cold air be like a slap in the face . pendergast Dr. Green ... margo I do not imagine it . I know what I see . be you sure there be enough man in there ? pendergast they be all heavily armed . margo ( stop ) all right . this be hard for I . I be a scientist . I like order and logic . sometimes too much . there 's get to be a explanation . there can not be a animal in there . but I see something . pendergast what be it ? margo I do not know . ( she have a think ) Mr. pendergast . do I a favor . get I a DNA readout on that claw . dissolve to : ext . museum - night all be quiet . int . museum front - exhibit front door - night the door to the exhibit be close . doyle look at he watch , impatient . it 's almost eleven now . he pull out he walkie talkie . doyle Bailey ? doyle here . I be still wait outside the exhibit . where the hell be mcnitt ? bailey should be there any minute . they come out a side door a while ago . Said the exhibit 's clear . mcnitt 's head back to spell you . doyle I be on double over - time , man . bailey I know . you can go home if you want to . I will come relieve you myself . doyle shut off he walkie talkie , frown . he fidget , look at he watch once more . doyle what the hell . he turn , take off the walkie talkie and leave it , but then he hear something , stop . it 's a low scuffling from inside the exhibit , come from behind the close door . doyle freeze , turn . doyle mcnitt ? no answer . doyle pause . his hand go to he gun for reassurance as he hear a footstep and a muffle thump . he move to the door of the exhibit , open it and take a step inside . doyle mcnitt ? cut the crap . I know it 's you . you be not scare I . come on . silence meet he . the shadow of the exhibit loom . doyle take one more step inside , scan the darkness with he gun . do he hear breathing ? he freeze . yes , he do . the hair on he neck rise and he lose the spit in he mouth . he take a step backwards , but he 's half a second too late . the door slam behind he and a huge dark form leap out ! int . exhibit entrance - night Officer mcnitt enter from a side corridor , zipping up he fly . the hall be still . mcnitt check he watch , see doyle 's walkie talkie and turn it on . mcnitt mcnitt here . I be outside the exhibit . all 's quiet . but I do not see doyle . bailey ( os ) he call a minute ago look for you . he start vacation tomorrow and he want out . I say you be on the way . he could split . mcnitt well he 's go . bailey ( os ) any sign of a green -ey monster ? mcnitt ( chuckle ) nope . mcnitt shut off the walkie talkie , settles at he post . int . superstition exhibit - night in the blackness a large shape be moving quietly , drag it 's prey across the floor . we move in on the lifeless form of doyle . his face be rigid with terror , he eye freeze , open wide . the last thing we hear as the hulk form head back into the darkness , be the snapping of doyle 's skull . dissolve to : ext . museum - day Signs announce that the superstition exhibit open tonight . the museum be back in business , but not many people be go in . a crowd linger at the margin , point at the building . several hold a copy of the post with a graphic photo of the bloody floor by the circular stair . int . cuthbert office - day Cuthbert stand by the window of he palatial office , look out at the scene below . his face be pinch with worry . slump in a chair be Lieutenant d'agosta . pendergast survey some painting on the wall . pendergast I have no idea the Museum have a complete collection of piranesi 's Forum sketches . cuthbert if you like they , they be for sale . another day like yesterday and half the collection will be on the block . pendergast I have read about the Museum 's financial trouble . cuthbert we have be operate in the red for year . that be the whole idea behind the superstition exhibit . it be design to pull people in . we have spend every penny we have on advance publicity , betting everything on the open 's success . if we postpone at the last minute ... no . I do not want to think about that . d'agosta ( chew on he toothpick , mild ) we all love the museum . I come here myself with my kid . we be try to work with you . cuthbert I appreciate that . pendergast if the party go forward , and that 's a big if ... I have arrange for a large police presence . cuthbert do they have to wear uniform ? pendergast yes . cuthbert I do not want to scare people . pendergast I understand . but Mr. Cuthbert , we have get bigger problem . depend on what we find today , we may have to shut you down . Cuthbert look grim . int . physical anthropology lab - day d'agosta examine the huge centrifuge , autoclave , electrophoresis apparati , monitor , computer etc. as margo and greg kawakita look at the claw . kawakita what do you make of it , margo ? margo it 's not mammalian , that 's for sure . I think it 's reptilian . pendergast that would jive with what we get from the preliminary DNA read-out . here , have a look . he hand they a computer read-out . margo check it quickly as kawakita look on . margo accord to this , twenty - five percent of the claw DNA be unidentifiable , about a third be homo sapien , and the rest be hemidactylus turcicus . d'agosta ( look over ) what 's that ? margo pull off she glass . margo turkish gecko , I believe . a lizard . kawakita lizard DNA and human DNA on the same strand ? impossible . the sample must be contaminate . margo there 's another possibility . a lot of repeat base pair could suggest a high level of genetic damage . pendergast genetic damage ? margo when DNA be defective , it often uncontrollably replicate long repeat sequence of the same base pair . viruse can damage DNA . so can radiation , certain chemical . even cancer . let 's let the g.s.e. sort it out . I have to get start . this will take several hour . pendergast we need someone to take we to the secure storage area . kawakita try Dr. frock . he 's the curator of Plant biology . all the curator have key . and he know every inch of this museum . the rest of we still get lose . int . museum hallway area - day pendergast , d'agosta and Dr. frock get off be in a older , plain corridor with a long row of lock heavy steel door . the door be numbered up to eight , then the corridor turn . as the three go forward , the creak of the wheelchair echoe faintly in the hall . pendergast thank you for take the time to help we with this , Dr. frock . frock happy to be useful . it 's rare enough this day . accord to security , beauregard put the whittlesley crate in storage area 1012 . pendergast how many storage area be there ? frock they fill seven floor . we have the large collection of mammal and dinosaur in the world . just to give you a idea , there be more than three million insect specimen . not to mention amphibian , reptile , bird , anthropological artifact , meteorite , mineral and gem . only about five percent of the museum collection be actually on display . d'agosta this place be a maze . frock I be one of the few who know every inch it , now that John be go . pendergast ( look over ) do you mean Dr. whittlesley ? frock yes . John make quite a study of the whole museum . he have a copy of my original plan . frock head through a double door that lead to a freight elevator that 's as big as a small room . the operator , karl have it decorate with a table , chair , and picture . margo osteo prep , Karl . the door creak close . they be now inside ... int . freight elevator - day headed down . d'agosta chew on a toothpick , stare at Karl 's home - make picture show . the photo have all be cut from nature magazine . they be of animal mating in extreme position and undream of way . d'agosta turn to pendergast , dead pan . d'agosta my kind of art . Karl , who be sixty and wear a red toupee , leer . karl they keep I company . get kinda lonely sometimes . d'agosta my favorite be the two camel . karl really ? I be partial to the skunk . finally the door open and they exit to a hail , enter another set of door . now they be in int . osteological preparation area - day it look more like a bizarre industrial kitchen than anything else . deep stainless steel tank line one wall . on the ceiling near the tank hang massive pulley and grapple hook for the larger carcass . in a far corner of the workshop be a stainless - steel gurney bear a dead gorilla . a pink face eighty year old man be work on the carcass with sharp tool . this be don osterbaan . frock do you ever wonder where we get all we skeleton ? this be the laboratory where animal carcass be reduce to bone . ( to osterbaan ) what 's cooking today , Don ? don Zebra . frock look into a large maceration tank with pendergast and d'agosta . a zebra carcass can be see under the muddy surface , its flesh and soft tissue fall off . d'agosta man , that 's ripe . frock now open the door on a humid closet adjacent to the main room . Inside on a stainless steel table lie the corpse of a fox . it 's crawl with black beetle which be devour it . d'agosta and pendergast watch the grizzly scene , properly impressed . frock dermestid beetle . the second method of prepare a skeleton , use in Natural History museum world wide . bug be clean and highly efficient . they will polish that fox off in no time . as Don casually peel back the gorilla 's whole face expose the skull ... osterbaan want to have a look at a gorilla brain ? get one right here . frock thanks Don . we be in a hurry . some other time . int . hallway - day more row of stainless steel door under hiss steam pipe . the light be dim here , and several bulb be burn out . but the number on the storage room be much higher now . the three man come out of the darkness . frock round a last corner and wheel to a stop . frock this should be it . can you read the number ? pendergast reach up above they and tap the light bulb . it come on and they all see the heavy steel door of the storage area . d'agosta 's jaw drop and he toothpick fall out . the door have be score from top to bottom by long , vicious , claw ! d'agosta Holy shit . frock stare in amazement , shake . he run a finger down the deep rut . frock something try to get into this room ! pendergast and fail . this door be solid steel . frock this mean there must be a animal loose in the museum ! pendergast I would not be so sure . pendergast take frock 's key and open the door . it swing wide on oile hinge . d'agosta turn on a light . int . storage room - night they all enter . nothing have be disturb . the crate sit in the middle of the small room , untouched . pendergast kneel by the only one that 's be open . pendergast this must be the one that hold the statue . let 's see what else be inside . pendergast remove the lid and hand it to d'agosta , pull out a blow dart gun , seed pod , a carve stone . d'agosta take the lid and turn it . d'agosta the lid of this crate be scratch with claw mark , just like the door . as d'agosta study the lid , a brittle , water damage envelope slip out . d'agosta pick it up . the envelope bear a imprint of two arrow , one silver overlaid with another of gold . d'agosta look . it 's some kind of letter . frock ( excited ) May I see that ? d'agosta hand the letter to frock . frock it 's from John . that two arrow be he insignia . it 's address to Louis moriarty , a patron who finance he expedition . pendergast read it out loud . frock " dear Louis , tomorrow we go to the south end of the tepui where we will be in the great danger , so I be send carlos back with the crate . you always believe in I , Louis , even in the darkest day . so it give I great pleasure to tell you you faith have be reward . we have make a incredible find . I enclose a representation of mbwun . note the exaggerated claw , the reptilian attribute , the hint of bipedalia . it 's beyond belief , but this statue be accurate . I know because I have see the beast . " frock stop , look up at d'agosta and pendergast . his face flush with the thrill . frock do you hear that ? my God . he say that mbwun be real ! d'agosta ( snort ) pardon my french , but bull shit . frock this on top of the scratch ... be not it proof ! pendergast I think the scratch be put there to scare we . perhaps even lead we to this note . pendergast look out to the dark corridor . pendergast you say John whittlesley make a study of you blueprint of the museum . frock yes . pendergast be there any hide room or staircase ? place where someone could hide ? frock not really . just the sub-basement . d'agosta and pendergast exchange a look . pendergast where be that ? frock I do not know . it be wall over . no one 's be down there in year . pendergast you say you have plan of the museum . could we see they , please ? ext . museum side door - day a series of box label " professor frock " sit on the load dock . a small move van , partially load with the content of frock 's office , sit wait . frock delve through one of the box while pendergast and d'agosta look on . frock I know they be here somewhere . it 's a good thing we catch the mover in time . they be nineteen century blueprint from when the museum be build . I remember the sub-basement be below the regular basement , link to the city sewer . I only know about it because it flood all the way up to the museum during the hurricane of ' 49 . I lose so many precious book . frock continue to unload box , scatter thing right and leave . it 's the most amazing assortment of paraphernalia . a collection of wildflower , soil sample , a stuff owl . finally he pull out some very old blueprint and flash a triumphant smile . frock Eureka . who say it do not pay to be a pack rat ? now please be careful with this . when you be do , I would like they back . int . hall of the african mammal - day Visitors scatter as pendergast enter with d'agosta , two deputy , a dog handler , jonathan hamm and Jonathan 's pair of huge bloodhound . the deputy be armed with large shotgun . pendergast scan the blueprint as they walk . d'agosta how big be the sub-basement ? pendergast apparently it 's huge . d'agosta I think I should come with you . pendergast we have not get time . you have to meet with museum security so we can make a decision about tonight . int . museum - staircase - day pendergast , Jonathan , he dog and the deputy make they way down a industrial set of stair into the basement . int . basement corridor - day in a moment they arrive at the site of beauregard 's murder . the area at the bottom of the spiral stairway be still litter with chalk , crime tape , spray paint and the remain of score of people tramping in and out . pendergast this plan indicate there 's a wall over entrance to the sub - basement right around here . they move carefully down the dark corridor which we remember from the time we last see it with Henry and Larry . unknown to Jonathan or pendergast , the dog be walk directly towards the spot where the boy face the monster . jonathan the dog be pick up something , Mr. pendergast . the dog start bark in animation , sniff the wall . pendergast study the blueprint with a flashlight , move to the spot . there 's nothing to be see . he shine he flashlight over the water- stain , uneven stucco between two steel beam . the dog sniff furiously at the point where the wall meet the floor . pendergast move he finger to the joint between the stucco and the beam , shove hard . the wall push back . it 's a door ! int . stairwell - sub - basement - day they enter a dank stairwell with brick stair . Water drip on the wall . deputy one what be this ? a dungeon ? Jonathan look uneasy , double wrap the dog ' leash around he black - glove hand . the two deputy remove they 12 gauge from they shoulder . then they all follow the animal , descend down the inky stairwell . int . security command CENTER - museum - day the place look like the control room of a nuclear power plant . two security guard monitor a battery of close - circuit screen . d'agosta be now accompany by the pompous head of security , ippolito . clearly ippolito feel d'agosta be pissing on he territory and he 's try to assert control . ippolito this huge police presence tonight be not necessary , Lieutenant . you will just scare people off . I can handle the security behind scene with this system . it 's state of the art . d'agosta the cop be non-negotiable , ippolito . why do not you just tell I how this space station work . ippolito it 's fool proof , basically . I design this whole thing myself . every valuable object in the Museum carry a small electronic chip . if anything 's move so much as a inch , we get a alarm pinpoint the exact location of the attempt theft . d'agosta that 's great if you be stop a burglar . not we goal here . be there motion detector ? ippolito in every exhibition room . the museum 's divide into five cell . the reception and exhibit be in cell five . we could arm the motion detector in cell one to four , then seal the perimeter with we fire door . d'agosta that would leave one exit for hundred of people . you would be violate every fire regulation on the book . we will guard the perimeter with my man and engage the motion detector in the other cell . one more question . I see a big hole . if this entire thing be run by computer , what happen if the power fail ? ippolito ( snort ) you do not know much about computer , Lieutenant . there be safeguard build in . we have back - up system with redundddancy . there 's no way this computer can fail . int . physical anthro lab - day margo , kawakita and frock be study the content of the crate . frock I can not help think there 's something that pendergast overlook . if the scratch be make by whatever kill beauregard , it want something that 's in here . margo a blow dart . seed pod . a plant press . pretty unimpressive stuff . frock let I see the plant press . frock open the plant press and see a specimen inside . margo what be it ? frock I be not sure . as you know , the kothoga live outside civilization on the tepui for thousand of year . species flourish in isolation when man and pollution render they extinct . this could be one of the last remain sample of a unknown plant . margo whatever it be , it must be common on the tepui . John use it as pack material . frock you be right . kawakita lift out a bit of the fiber , as do frock . frock they be curiously fleshy . kawakita and they smell delicious . kawakita take a nibble . kawakita taste great . frock I would not put that in you mouth until we do a chemical analysis , greg . kawakita I can handle that for you while we be wait on the g.s.e . kawakita rise and exit with some of the plant . margo what about that seed pod ? be they from the same plant ? frock take a moment to study they , look up . frock margo , this be not seed pod . margo what be they ? frock they be egg . int . sub - basement - day Black as night . the only light come from the man 's flashlight . they be at a crossroad . crook corridor , with arched ceiling barely the height of a man stretch in several direction . Jonathan be crouch down , rest with the panting dog . the deputy be have a smoke . they all look both uneasy and exhaust except for pendergast . he stare at the blueprint . pendergast hard to read in this light . the ink be so fade . jonathan the dog have lose the scent , Mr. pendergast . maybe we should head back . pendergast not yet . let 's try the fork to the leave . the man reluctantly shoulder they shotgun and push on . the hound walk ahead , carelessly nose the ground . the flashlight beam illuminate lime - encrust , cave - like wall . deputy two this place give I the creep . at this the dog begin to whine . the hair on they back rise in a ridge . pendergast turn as a breeze stir he clothes . jonathan they have get something . pendergast keep the light up . I can not see . the dog strain and pull forward , sniff the air ahead . the deputy raise up they shotgun as they all move deeper into the darkness . the flashlight beam streak crazily in all direction , barely penetrate the gloom . suddenly the dog break into a terrifying baying which bounce off the wall . pendergast shut they up ! jonathan heel argo ! Hobbes ! heel ! the dog drag Jonathan forward , pay no attention , foam at the mouth . Jonathan be now frighten . jonathan they be go crazy ! I need help ! too late . as Jonathan try to grab the collar , one of the dog leap forward , and the leash slip through Jonathan 's hand . jonathan he 's loose ! argo ! argo bolt into the darkness . the man start after the dog , follow the frantic bark which echoe farther and farther in the distance . pendergast be in the lead . suddenly he throw out he arm , halt . pendergast stop ! jonathan Holy mother , what be that ? a goatish odor envelop they all . deputy one smell god-awful . like rotten meat . jonathan argo ! come ! pendergast quiet ! a scuffling sound of claw drag on brick be hear follow by a roar . the man all freeze . the other dog leap and twist with excitement . in the confusion it also break free ! it tear after the first dog , disappear into the darkness . now Jonathan be wild - eye . jonathan no! Hobbes ! the deputy be terrify , retreat . the darkness be stifling , claustrophobic . the flashlight be small help . pendergast alone remain dead calm . his voice be cool and commanding . pendergast forget the dog . you two , get back here . do not point that gun at I . the deputy regain control and follow pendergast 's order . they fall into position , pump they shotgun and aim they down the hall . in the echoing darkness ahead of they , the bark falter and stop . there be a moment of silence , then a terrible , unearthly shriek . the deputy quail , freeze in they track . Jonathan leap forward . jonathan argo ! Hobbes ! pendergast get back ! now ! at that moment a shape hurtle at they from the darkness ! the man yell in terror . there be two stun blast from the shotgun , two flash of light accompany by a deafen roar . the rumble echoe and die and there 's a intense silence , follow by a sob . jonathan you shot my dog ! Hobbes lie five foot from they , a black shadow of death . Jonathan kneel by the dog , tear in he eye . down the animal side be a gash . jonathan my dog ... deputy one ( stammer ) he be come right at I ... in the distance they can hear a terrify howl . it 's the second dog , hurt or frighten . it 's a pitiful sound . deputy two let 's get out of here ! jonathan I be not go anywhere ! not without my dog ! pendergast grab at Jonathan who slip from he grasp . Jonathan inch back down the hallway call desperately . jonathan Hobbes ! deputy one get back ! Jonathan shake he head no . jonathan there 's something out there ! let 's go get it now ! that 's why we come down here , be not it ? pendergast ( to the deputy ) he 's right . follow I . but the two deputy be terrify . they cling to the wall , inching backwards , sheer horror in they eye . deputy one no way . I say we get help . a lot more gun . pendergast I be order you ! cover I ! deputy two we will cover you from here ! Jonathan be disappear in front of they . pendergast have no choice . grim face , he pull he colt .45 anaconda from a shoulder harness . it 's a narrow and evil-look gun . from a pocket come a handful of 255 grain wadcutter and 147 grain fmj flatnose ammunition . he load up , go after Jonathan , who 's no longer in sight . pendergast pass down a long , sloping hallway into cavernous blackness ahead . at the bottom pendergast stop . he have to stoop down as he go through a archway and into ... a vast arching room ... a dark stream of water run between concrete wall with tunnel go off from all side . it appear to be part of the sewer system . the dog cower in a corner . Jonathan move to he side . jonathan look . it 's Hobbes ! he 's all right . pendergast come on . let 's get back to the other . we can not leave they alone . jonathan it 's alright . I can tell by the way the dog 's act that whatever be out there be go . what be this place ? pendergast not on the map . look like it connect with the city sewer . pendergast call back down the tunnel for the deputy . pendergast we be come back ! the word go unanswer . from the hall come a loud report . it 's the shotgun , blast desperately . something fly up all around they as the sound echoe . bat ! pendergast and Jonathan shield themselves from the flurry of beat wing . finally the animal settle and pendergast and Jonathan exchange a look . the silence be fill by a soft rumbling SOUND . they stand together , wait . pendergast point he gun at the hall lead back to the deputy . a ridge of hair on the dog 's back rise and it growl . pendergast identify yourself ! who 's there ? no answer . the rumbling continue , grow louder . then a dark object appear . it come roll out of the hallway , bounce in front of they and stop . pendergast shine he light on ... deputy onex head ! the mouth be open wide in terror . across the cheek be a vicious claw mark . jonathan oh ... my ... God ! pendergast ( hiss ) quiet . and now they hear a gut wrenching shriek that 's abruptly cut off , follow by a second rumbling sound ! Jonathan grab pendergast by the shirt , panicked . pendergast stay calm . they head quietly for the exit at the other end of room which seem to slope up . after they be go a few moment the head of deputy two roll to a stop . ext . museum - night cab and limousine tangle outside the west entrance . a huge rotate spotlight be now turn on . elegantly dress man in dinner jacket and woman in gowns rush to get out of the pelting rain , umbrella jousting . int . cuthbert office - evening Cuthbert 's put on he tux . he adjust the cummerbund , hum happily as d'agosta look on . d'agosta pace , highly agitate and worried . d'agosta I be tell you , something 's wrong . I still have not hear from pendergast . I think you should call it off . cuthbert it 's too late now . guest be arrive . the Mayor 's car be pull up . d'agosta I will go down and speak to he . cuthbert ( irritate ) you have not get the authority . only pendergast can pull the plug . d'agosta pendergast may be in trouble . do not you understand ? he still have not come back . it 's be over three hour -- cuthbert he will be back . relax . we be in good shape . you security be air tight . there have be no more incident , nothing suspicious . there 's no reason to call off the open now . int . great rotunda - night resounding with the echoe of several hundred expensive shoe crossing the marble expanse and head down the row of palm tree lead to the Hall of heavens . the palm themselves be festoon with orchid and violet light . somewhere inside , a invisible band be play " New York , New York " . a army of waiter in white tie thread they way through the guest carry large silver platter crowded with champagne glass . Cuthbert enter and cross to meet the mayor and the mayor' wife . photographer step forward and flashbulb pop . int . hall of the heavens - night food be out . hundred of table be set with black linen table cloth . decoration have a dark , haunt house theme . a hum of activity float up past the vast corinthian column into the circular dome above . int . margo' laboratories - night a explosive sneeze rattles the beaker and dislodge the plant specimen . margo interrupt she work at the computer to hand greg a tissue as frock look on . kawakita what kind of egg be it ? margo it 's reptilian . frock like the claw . margo ( cautious ) let 's not jump to conclusion . this egg could belong to any number of reptile , Dr. frock . frock ( excited ) come on , margo . we be on the verge of something huge . let 's consider the possibility , just the three of we , alone in this room . what if John be right . I mean , what if ? and he send back a egg of he monster in the crate . when it get to the museum , it hatched . margo several problem with that theory . for one thing , this egg be intact . for another , accord to pendergast , the crate be ship here on a boat . everyone on board be kill like beauregard . if the thing hatched in mid-ocean , where do it go ? frock have no answer . greg gesture to he computer screen . kawakita I guess you be not interested in this plant anymore , but the chemical analysis be do . frock read the computer over greg 's shoulder . frock " genus : unknown . family : unknown . order : unknown . phylum : unknown . cripe , margo , what do you give I ? be this a animal or one funky shrub ? " ( to kawakita ) I see you have be programming the computer vocabulary again . margo ( point to a hexagonal symbol ) look at this . a ambyloid reovirus protein . that explain why the computer 's confuse . the plant 's infect with a virus . frock that 's not so unusual . many plant carry viruse . like the burl on maple tree . margo but a virus normally code for other viruse . this one 's make human and animal protein . listen to this . ( read ) " glycotetraglycine collagenoid . weinstein 's tropic hormone . 4 - monoxytocin supressin hormone . " kawakita this plant fiber be load with hormone ! margo what kind of hormone ? kawakita pull a heavy book from the shelf . the encyclopedia of biochemistry , thumb to a page and read . kawakita 4 - monoxytocin be ... " a hormone secrete by the human hypothalamus gland . " margo try weinstein 's tropic hormone . the tension be rise in the room . frock take the book , look this one up , read silently and remove he glass . frock a hormone secrete by the human thalamus gland . kawakita and frock look puzzle . margo rise in agitation . margo this be it . this be what he , or it ... be after ! the plant have high concentration of the same hormone find in minute quantity in the human brain ! kawakita so what ? margo pendergast tell I the killer extract and eat the hypothalamus and thalamus of the victim 's brain ! kawakita ( pale ) eat they ? margo yes . whatever kill beauregard may have live on this plant . when the crate be put in secure storage , they be out of reach . the killer could not get they , so it get the next best thing . frock beauregard 's head . there 's a moment of stunne silence . then a loud buzzer make they all jump . margo it 's all right . that mean the g.s.e. have finish analyze the claw DNA . greg , you go find pendergast and Lieutenant d'agosta now . int . museum hallway - night kawakita tear up the dark stair . he turn a corner and something jump out at he . he almost scream . it 's a drunk . drunk hey , where ' za little boy room ? kawakita down that hallway . but do not stay long . you do not want to be here alone . int . margo' lab - night margo and frock enter and huddle over a sheaf of papers that the printer have spit out . margo all right , assume the program be accurate , this be a description of the animal with that claw . ( she read ) " species unidentified . genus : unidentified . phylum unknown . male , weight in excess of 240 kg . Brain capacity , 900 centimeter . " that mean it 's highly intelligent . " quadrupedal . " frock quadrupedal ! the other name for mbwun . " he who walk on all four . " margo and frock exchange a look . Holy shit . margo swallow and keep read . margo " nocturnal . external hair and bony plate . locomotor speed 60 - 70 kilometer . reduced optic chiasm " ... poor eyesight . " external mucoid nasal gland , " ... very keen scent ... " morphological characteristic : highly robust . aggressiveness : extreme . " frock so the claw come from a huge creature with a preternatural sense of smell and poor eyesight that hunt at night . margo with the intelligence of a human be , the speed of a greyhound , and the strength of a grizzly bear . frock ( a long moment ) margo , what you have just describe be a kill machine . margo and it 's hungry . it 's be two day since it 's eat . there be five hundred people arrive right now . the animal hunt at night and it have a keen sense of smell ! all that people in one enclose space ... frock it 's like ringing the dinner bell . int . entrance to superstition exhibit - rotunda - night the crowd be now pack into the rotunda as the mayor cut a red ribbon across the entrance to the exhibit and everyone applaud . Cuthbert be by the mayor 's side . he step forward and raise he hand for quiet . the crowd fall silent . cuthbert thank you everyone and welcome . we be glad all of you be willing to brave the inclement weather to be with we tonight . we special thanks to he honor , the mayor and he lovely wife . the Mayor take a bow . more applause . cuthbert ( con 't ) some people have question whether a superstition exhibit belong in a Museum of Science . spell , incantation , demon , magic ... this be force that defy the natural law . superstition provide answer to the great question base on fear . Science provide answer to the great question base on truth . Science and superstition , then , be polar opposite . mortal enemy , if you will . and that be why we be here tonight . we have come to learn more about the enemy , and thus to bring about its defeat . for every good , there be a evil , for every dark , a light . and so tonight ... my friend , I give you ignorance , terror , unreason fear , pure evil . ( smile , gesture to the exhibit ) have a great time . everyone laugh , applaud again as Cuthbert and the Mayor lead the way inside . kawakita be make he way over to d'agosta . the crush at the entrance be incredible . kawakita Lieutenant ! it 's I . d'agosta what be it ? kawakita Dr. Green have to see you ! d'agosta get my hand full here . kawakita it 's important . please . you have to come ! pendergast , too . she 's find out something . d'agosta pull out he walkie talkie . d'agosta mcnitt ? d'agosta here . int . security command CENTER - museum - night Officer mcnitt stand in the corner of the computer room , bath in neon light . running the security system be GEORGE , you basic computer nerd . multiple screen all over show various room in the museum . most be empty with the exception of that show the exhibition . on this , the crowd can be see enter the various room . mcnitt hold he walkie talkie . mcnitt yeah Lieutenant ? I be here . d'agosta ( on radio ) I be head to the evolutionary bio lab . any sign of pendergast ? mcnitt not yet . at this moment a noise come from the adjoin room . mcnitt 's head swivel . it 's a loud thump . mcnitt hold on Lieutenant . ( to George ) what be that ? GEORGE probably just something wrong with the air conditioning . there 's a shit load of electrical room back there . George be play a elaborate computer game and not pay attention . mcnitt return to he walkie talkie as the thump come again . now he look distinctly nervous . mcnitt Lieutenant ? there 's something wrong in the computer room . d'agosta ( on radio ) goddamn it . I will get ippolito and send he up . George rise . GEORGE you be over-react . sound like the air conditioning to I . mcnitt watch uneasily as George open the door , disappear into the next room . int . entrance - superstition exibit - night d'agosta turn to kawakita who wait , shifting from foot to foot . d'agosta damn . there 's some kind of problem in the computer room . I have to go get ippolito . you wait here . d'agosta head into the exhibit before kawakita can protest . int . superstition exhibit - night we see various cut of people as they move into the different room . a teenage girl ( lauren ) and she father ( david ) examine a lidless , rotting european style coffin , complete with corpse . a white haire gentleman ( DR. pound ) , lean on he cane as he look at a display on primitive medicine practice with implement that look like torture tool . Cuthbert and ippolito be at the head of a press of people , give the mayor and he wife a guide tour . cuthbert here we have a very rare sacrificial table from mesoamerica . the priest would kill the victim on this slab , cut out the heart and eat it while it be still beat . mayor I could use one of this thing in City Hall . Cuthbert laugh right on cue . they pass a congo power figure with its bulg eye socket and torso riddled with sharp nail . several people recoil from it , look repulse . the mayor 's wife see it and look distress . mayor' wife you be let kid see this ? I should think they would have nightmare . cuthbert kid will love it . they be we target audience . nothing here be as violent as what they see on t.v. they pass a mummy drip in blood . the Mayor gesture to it . mayor I do not know . that could be a little over the top . it 's not even scientific . mummy do not bleed . Cuthbert 's smile fade as he see the mummy . close on ... the mayor' white cuff as he extend he hand to point at the mummy . the pristine white of he cuff be suddenly color by a fall red drop of blood . Cuthbert see it . so do the Mayor and ippolito . they look up as another drop of blood fall right on Cuthbert 's face . and yet another droplet fall on the mayor' wife's white bosom , expose by she low cut dress ! cuthbert oh ... my ... God ... there Pov ... above the mummy 's head , the top of the case be cut away , expose a ceiling crawl with steam pipe and ductwork . a hand , a watch , and the cuff of a blue shirt protrude over the edge of the case . a small icicle of blood hang from the middle finger . and another drop fall . cuthbert scream at the top of he lung ! conscious of the panic factor , ippolito yell . ippolito quiet everyone ! but it 's too late . the room be pack with people . and d'agosta himself be just push through the door as another woman cry out ... woman there 's a body up there ! a ripple of fear go over the face in the room , titter as people wonder if it 's a joke . at that moment from the darkness above , the ceiling buckle and something fall ! it 's officer doyle's headless torso , drip blood ! utter pandemonium break loose ! the close space echoes with scream and shout . people claw at each other , stumbling desperately try to get to the door . a young woman fall and d'agosta run to she to keep she from be trample in the stampede . int . computer room - night mcnitt be stare in horror at the remote camera image show the chaos in the exhibition , the face register blind fear . alarm start go off all over the place . mcnitt call out ... panicked ... mcnitt George ! get out here , now ! mcnitt look around , desperate . but George still be not here . the door to the electrical room be still open . the ceiling shudder from thunder foot . mcnitt can hear distant scream ! it 's raise the hair on the back of he neck . he call out . mcnitt George ! where be you ? no answer . he move to the open door , a new fear in he eye . he look inside . int . electrical room - night blackness . mcnitt can not find a light switch . he stay in the doorway , silhouett by light from the computer room . with shaking hand mcnitt pump a slug into the chamber of he shotgun . there 's a strange , low , gurgle sound . it 's mcnitt 's stomach . he silence it , swallow . mcnitt hey you ? George ! damn it . where be you ? no response . mcnitt edge into the darken room . the first one 's empty . he try the next . mcnitt George ! we have get a emergency ! be you here ? suddenly there 's a huge thump and a scuttling to he leave ! it 's a terrifying sound ! mcnitt drop to he knee and pump three round , each with a light and a deafen blast ! a shower of SPARKS and a gout of flame lick upwards , illuminate the room with orange light . a huge dark shape duck out the door ! mcnitt oh god. oh God ! gunpowder hang in the air like a blue fog . on the far wall , a mount metal box be smoking from three large , rag hole ! with a sudden pop , a electrical arc slice across the ruin box , follow by a crackle and a shower of spark . mcnitt duck back into the computer room , slam the door and lock it , breathe hard . int . computer room - night every single screen flicker and dim . but to mcnitt 's relief , George have return . he be sit with he back to the doorway in he chair . mcnitt George ! I see something in there ! I fire but I think I miss it ! George remain still , he back to mcnitt , stare at the computer game on the flicker screen . mcnitt George , for chrissake answer I ! mcnitt put a hand on George 's shoulder , swivel he chair around . on GEORGE ... his face rip off . int . electrical room - night on the central switching BOX ... sparking and short as a enormous clawe arm swipe it off the wall ! int . hall of the heavens - night everyone pour out of the exhibit , run for the door lead to the rotunda . people be get trample . it 's a terrible crush . scream ! tables over - turn everywhere . food scatter to the floor . d'agosta push he way out of the exhibit , cross to kawakita , who be appal . above , the chandelier be flicker . kawakita what happen ?! d'agosta there 's a dead body in the exhibit ! people be panic , trample each other try to get out . ippolito run over to join they . d'agosta what the hell be go on ?! above they the light dim again and come back on . ippolito the whole system be shutting down ! we have to get out quickly before the fire door fall ! d'agosta what door ? ippolito I tell you ! they seal off all the cell . they be design to fall automatically in a system failure -- d'agosta you say the system could not fail ! at this there 's a low rumble from above . d'agosta look up and see a large metal door be descending from a slot in the ceiling , and not in a orderly fashion . it 's fall fast . below be crowd of people , all push to get out ! Officer Bailey , near the door , see it . bailey above you ! look out ! his voice be lose in a ocean of scream . kawakita stand in total horror a moment , then join Bailey and d'agosta . all of they try to restrain people from try to beat the door . ippolito , on the other hand , elbow he way to the front of the flee crowd ! d'agosta ippolito ! get back here ! ippolito like hell ! ignoring d'agosta , ippolito push past . he barrel over a old man who stumble and fall directly beneath the falling door ! ippolito jump over he and be out ! the old man look up at the descend wall of steel and scream ! d'agosta run forward , dive for the old man but he 's not in time . kawakita cover he eye , unable to watch as the light flicker a third and last time . the room be plunge into darkness . and over the scream we hear the rumble and crash , the horrifying cry of the old man , as the door come down . int . margo' lab - night margo and frock stand in the darkness . through a high window we can see lightning flash . margo what 's go on ? frock some kind of power failure . maybe it 's the storm . do you have a flashlight ? margo I think so . she get one from a cupboard . frock greg 's be go over a half hour . we would better get out of here . get the crate . int . hallway - night frock wheel he chair as fast as he can . margo run beside he carry the crate with the fiber inside . a peel of thunder end and distant scream be hear . margo stop , appal . margo Dr. frock . do you hear that ? frock do not stop now . up ahead they hear metallic rumbling and a crash ! they round a corner and come up against a huge steel door . margo what 's that ? frock it 's one of the fire door . good Lord , margo . we be trap ! int . basement - night pendergast stand at the end of a cul de sac , study the blue print by a stone wall . Jonathan and the dog be with he , exhaust and terrify . Jonathan keep a eye on the corridor behind they as pendergast work . pendergast I know where we be now . we be get out , Jonathan . this should be another door . take a pen knife from he pocket , pendergast place it into the plaster and gently twist the blade . a piece of plaster the size of a dinner plate fall , revealing the tracing of another doorway . pendergast shove the door open to reveal a dark , dusty room . jonathan hallelujah , pendergast . where the hell be we now ? int . " alcoholic " room - night Jonathan and pendergast enter quickly from the hide rear door . pendergast shine he beam on dusty shelf fill with specimen . all be store in jar of alcohol . there be fetus of many different species . we see a pig , a cow , a duck bill platypus as well as brain section , a disembody monkey head . one rectangular glass container hold a skinned human foot . jonathan Jesus , what be this ? pendergast another storage room . pendergast try the light switch to no effect . pendergast something 's happen . the power 's out . they cross the room to the main door and exit . now they be in ... int . osteo prep - lab - night pendergast shine he light on the maceration tank . the hum of the bug can be hear in they cabinet . pendergast all right . I know where we be . this be the osteo prep lab . I be in here earlier . we be safe now . with this word , the dog growls . Jonathan freeze and sniff the air . jonathan oh no . I smell it . pendergast keep the animal quiet . Jonathan kneel by Hobbes as pendergast listen , every nerve on end . a sound come from the adjacent hallway that lead to the secure storage area . it 's unmistakable heavy breathing and the creep movement of claw . pendergast lift he gun . pendergast go out the other doorway . there 's a stair at the end of the hall . up five flight be a corridor that lead to the Hall of the heavens . find Lieutenant d'agosta . bring help . Jonathan do not have to be tell twice . he take the dog and exit from the other side of the lab leave pendergast alone . pendergast wait a moment until Jonathan 's safely out of sight . he switch off he flashlight , back up slowly , step by step . he open the door to the alcoholics storage . as he slip inside a dark shape appear . int . " alcoholics " storage - night slowly , make no sound , pendergast lift the .45 anaconda , pass he finger over the cylinder , check the load chamber . then he steady the revolver and level it at the door . the hideous pickle specimen seem to hover all around he . the smell be overwhelming and the snuffling be louder now . it 's come closer . after a long moment there be a faint bump at the door . this be follow by a low scratch noise ... pendergast watch freeze in horror , hold he breath . the doorknob begins to turn ! not know what else to do , pendergast simply grab it from the inside and hold on ! outside he hear a amuse snort , then a low growl . there 's one hard hit and the door shiver . the doorknob fall off ! it 's over now . pendergast kneel down , brace the gun in both hand . from this position he can see right through the hole where the doorknob fall . his mouth literally drop in astonishment as he see ... a huge , red-rimme , GREEN eye ! involuntarily pendergast leap back , nearly fall and drop the gun ! beaker crash around he . he scramble in the darkness . the flashlight fall and pop back on . the beam streak up crazily . it 's chaos . pendergast be a easy target now . he grab for the light , the gun , steady himself , breathe fast and low . his heart pound . but nothing more happen . the silence be heavy . the eye be go . and suddenly pendergast understand . in the distance he can hear human voice and a roll wheelchair ! somewhere nearby be margo and frock ! the monster have leave he to get bigger game . fear for margo and frock light pendergast 's eye . all panic and disorganization be go . he hold he revolver at 12 o'clock and kick the door open , leap out as a huge dark shape dart from the room . it 's head for the secure storage area again ! pendergast take off . not know how else to address this thing he find himself call ... pendergast halt ! int . secure storage hallway - basement - night pendergast run into the hallway but he 's already too late . the hulk shape of the quadrupe be move at incredible speed . on pendergast ... as he level he gun and shoot . the creature ... stop , rear back on its haunch , look once at pendergast , piss . as the voice around the far corner fall silent , pendergast fire . the shot blast off a piece of the wall . with astonish speed and agility for its bulk , the beast turn and leap around the corner , pass out of pendergast 's sight . pendergast margo ! frock ! it 's come ! run ! around the corner ... be margo and frock ... frock hold the key to secure storage area 1012 in he hand . margo have the flashlight and the crate with the fiber . they can hear the sound of thunder movement . frock look ! margo point she light in the distance and illuminate the beast ! it 's descend like a freight train . one split second of sheer amazement , then ... margo Dr. frock ! Quick ! frock , immobilize in he wheel chair , stare at the monster , like a trap rabbit look at a descend hawk . margo grab he key from he , fumble desperately to open the door . it swing wide at last . she grab the handle of the wheelchair , tug with all she might . the wheel bump into the door frame but somehow she wrestle the damn thing inside . int . secure storage area - night margo shove frock behind she , slam the door shut . second later , the beast throw itself against the storage door . they hear it outside , growl in fury , claw lash out . margo and frock press back in the darkness , terror in they eye . int . hallway - night pendergast run forward in the echoing hallway , he gun draw , he flashlight on . a few more step and he hold hard . his eye go wide in astonishment as he light illuminate the beast . it 's tear at the steel door furiously with incredible force . as the flashlight beam hit it , mbwun roar and look up . now we see it clearly for the first time . the monster be massive , putrid , rank . slit reptilian green eye be rimmed in red . a ridge of stiff black hair rise on the creature 's buffalo- like humped back . the wither be muscle and cover with plate . a fork tongue lick out as purple lip draw back expose razor sharp tooth . the claw raise up to fend off the light . pendergast steady himself with difficulty , take a few second to aim with the great care . mbwun make a move towards he and he squeeze the trigger hard . the gun echoe in the hall . a split second and a white streak move right up the beast 's cranium . a direct hit . the shot echoe and mbwun drop it 's claw . the flashlight continue to shine like a high beam right into the beast 's eye . angry and blind , the creature turn and in a moment , lope off . pendergast watch , unimaginably relieved . realizing what just happen , he knee start to buckle . he catch himself , wipe one hand across he eye . a voice come from the storage room . margo ( os ) pendergast ? be you all right ? pendergast no . I think I be hallucinate . the storage door open slowly and margo look out . margo you be not . where be it ? pendergast ( shake he head ) go . margo wound ? pendergast no . a chromium alloy tip .45 caliber bullet bounce off that thing 's skull like a spit ball . I think it be bother by my light . margo that would fit . it 's nocturnal . Quick . come inside . ext . museum - night as hundred of the guest emerge into the pound rain ... cry , terrify , unclear what exactly happen . this be the lucky one . among they we find ippolito . his walkie talkie be squawk . the window of the museum behind he be black . d'agosta on radio ippolito ! where the hell be you ? we be trap in here ! we need help ! ippolito ! come in , dammit ! ippolito sit down on the step in the rain , know the extent of what he 's do . the wheel be work hard now , try to figure out damage control . the walkie talkie keep call . he do not respond . int . hall of the heavens - night tables be overturn , food lie on the ground , people cower in the darkness . d'agosta crouch in some break glass with he walkie talkie . he shut it off , rise , look around . Light come from a few sputtering candle . most of the guest still trap inside be group around the lower steel door . among they be kawakita and cuthbert . from the body of the man crush underneath the door extend a large puddle of blood . Bailey be work in desperation on a brass panel by the door . bailey manual override be not work . I be get nothing , Lieutenant . d'agosta great . Frank , the father of the teenage girl , lauren , step forward . frank there 's no power . the whole system 's down . the crowd start to murmur . one man yell . man we be trap ! and there 's a killer in here ! d'agosta we will get out safely if everyone stay calm . be anyone else hurt ? the mayor stand . his wife 's forehead be bleed . mayor yes . my wife . d'agosta be there a doctor ? the distinguished grey haire man with a cane come forward . DR. pound . pound I be Dr. pound . d'agosta check this woman and see if anyone else need you . pound move off . everyone spin now at the incongruous sound of a dog bark . d'agosta pull he gun . the door to a stairwell at the far end of the room open and Hobbes bound into the hall ! he 's follow by Jonathan , who be filthy and wild - eye . jonathan ( call ) Lieutenant d'agosta ! do not shoot . d'agosta where 's pendergast ? jonathan ( crossing , breathless ) five flight down . we be lose in the sub-basement . something 's down there . it kill we two deputy . when I leave pendergast it be come back . he send I for help . we have to hurry . d'agosta make a quick sweep of the room with he flashlight . the remote corner of the hall be so black the light seem to disappear . in the center , two man be bend over a still form . one of they be Dr. pound . d'agosta both of you . get back here . pound but he 's still alive -- d'agosta get back now ! the urgency in d'agosta 's voice get everyone 's attention . the Mayor bring he wife over . Cuthbert come too . they huddle apart from the other . Cuthbert 's white with fear . cuthbert what 's go on ? d'agosta speak low . d'agosta there 's some kind of animal loose in the museum . pendergast 's alone . he need help . I want volunteer to go with I . bailey I be in . kawakita ( swallow ) I too . cuthbert ( voice rise in fear ) I would do it gladly but someone need to stay with this people . d'agosta all right . you be elect . Bailey , get all the gun and flashlight , give the mayor you walkie talkie so we can keep in touch . Cuthbert , keep everyone together and make sure they stay quiet . Frank step forward . frank I be in the Marines . give I a gun . I would go with you , too , but I have get my daughter . d'agosta what 's you name ? frank Frank . d'agosta all right . you guard this people and you daughter . d'agosta give Frank he service revolver . mayor' wife ( to d'agosta ) where be you go ? do not leave we alone ! the remain crowd begin to whimper . the Mayor rise . mayor everyone quiet . the Lieutenant 's in charge . Bailey and d'agosta carry shot gun . they quietly move to the back stairwell at the far end of the Hall of the heavens . everyone else bunch together and watch . d'agosta Bailey , we will go first and check the stairwell . Jonathan , you and greg guard the door . Jonathan give Hobbes ' leash to the Mayor . d'agosta hand greg kawakita a shotgun , tighten he grip on he own . then he give the signal and Bailey yank open the door to the stairwell . int . stairwell - night d'agosta and Bailey go in slowly . Jonathan stay in the doorway , sweeping the stairwell with he flashlight . kawakita gingerly hold he shotgun . he 's scared out of he mind . he turn to Jonathan , whisper . kawakita Excuse I . could you tell I how this thing work ? jonathan oh Jesus . do not point it at I . just aim and shoot . d'agosta head down the stair in the lead , with Bailey close behind . the stairwell be windowless and dark . d'agosta shine he light and it cut into the blackness . he move quietly , make the first landing and stop . Bailey watch he back from several step behind as d'agosta signal for he to wait . the flashlight flare into a glass door one flight down . d'agosta raise he hand . d'agosta ( low ) hold on . I think I see something . everyone stop . Bailey pump he shotgun . so do Jonathan . kawakita fumble to do like the other . they wait . d'agosta move alone down several more step . the silence be heavy . suddenly d'agosta wrinkle he nose . d'agosta whoa ... you smell that ? jonathan Lieutenant ! get back ! too late . at this something drop from above ! a huge dark shape leap into the stairwell , descend two floor ! it land , pounce on bailey and the marble wall echo with a roar . d'agosta bailey !!! Bailey scream in terror as mbwun pin he down ! bailey nooooo ! close on bailey ... Three claw close on he neck and wrench hard ! there 's a horrifying snap as Bailey 's head come off ! blood spurt all over and drip down the stair . d'agosta level he shotgun at the monster and fire , with no apparent effect . when the shot stop echoing we hear scream and frantic barking from the hall . mbwun' GREEN eye look up and it 's forked tongue lick out . the monster leap past Bailey 's body and head for the door ! d'agosta , see what 's happen , scream at the top of he lung . d'agosta Jonathan ! do not let it get into the hall ! on jonathan ... freeze in the doorway , kawakita by he side . both of they be rigid with horror . disbelief in they eye . the beast leap up directly at they as they jump to try and close the door . d'agosta keep fire until he 's pump a empty chamber . plaster be fall all around . scream resound in the Hall of the heavens as d'agosta stumble up the stair . int . hall of the heavens - night d'agosta throw open the door and charge into the Hall . Jonathan lie on the ground , daze . kawakita stand to one side , tooth chatter in shock . his hand shake so badly that the barrel of the gun swing in he hand . d'agosta ( yell ) where be it ?! jonathan I do not know ! it hit I hard . d'agosta pump two shell in the shotgun . scream can be hear from the people crouch together at the edge of the room . Hobbes be bark wildly , foam at the mouth . it 's too dark to see what 's happen . d'agosta ( scream ) somebody tell I ! where be it now ? mayor ( quiet ) Lieutenant . in the south corner . d'agosta sweep he light to the Mayor who stand rigid in front of the other , point to he leave . the light move to the far end of the room where the dark shape of mbwun crouch over the body of a man . it 's lung up and down with odd , jerk motion . the man be long past make a sound . from the monster come a faint crunching and slobbering . Jonathan rise , come to d'agosta . so do Frank . they stand shoulder to shoulder , raise they gun . d'agosta motion for kawakita . d'agosta on three . kawakita stumble to join they , try to join in . the barrel of he shot gun still swing wildly . he steady it by take it in both hand . d'agosta one , two ... three . all three fire . there 's a loud report . the kickback knock kawakita backwards . scream erupt from the huddle group . Hobbes abruptly shut up . the man fire and fire until there 's nothing leave . d'agosta reach for more shell , come up empty . d'agosta Jonathan ! get everyone behind I ! Jonathan move . d'agosta sweep he light across the room but already the shape be go . Cuthbert hide behind the Mayor , call out in a terrify squeal . cuthbert it go out the door to the rotunda ! d'agosta run across the room to a set of double industrial door . there 's a noise in the darkness beyond and he just manage to slam both door . he pick up a metal chair and jam it through the handle . back up . the door shudder as something hit they hard . d'agosta get everyone into the stairwell ! Jonathan , the Mayor , Cuthbert and kawakita together herd everyone towards the stairwell . they move inside . int . stairwell - night Dark and close . the smell of gunpowder and death . the Mayor 's wife see Bailey 's body and clutches she mouth so as not to throw up . cuthbert sweet Jesus ! d'agosta get he gun and he walkie talkie , Jonathan . move . cuthbert my office be on the third floor ! there 's a walk - in safe and a portable phone ! we can lock ourselves in the safe and call for help ! d'agosta I have to help pendergast . kawakita and Jonathan stay with I . the rest of you can go with Cuthbert ! mayor I think we should stick together ! frank ( take Bailey 's shotgun ) I too . cuthbert I be leave . whoever want can come with I . no one follow . d'agosta wait ! Cuthbert 's go . d'agosta Jonathan , go with he ! he be not armed . Jonathan grab Hobbes ' leash from the Mayor and bound up the stair . mayor good luck ! everyone else follow d'agosta . together , they head down . ext . museum - night Police car be pull up outside the museum . siren wail . torrent of rain limit the number of onlooker . crowd of people be scattered about . there 's disbelief on everyone 's face . many people be in shock . ippolito sprint through the pelting rain to a guard station near the gate . he yank the door open and jump inside . int . guard station - night a number of museum security personnel be milling in confusion . ippolito all right everyone . I be in charge . status report . one of the security man , water , rise . water swat team be on the way . Fire truck with they . everything 's slowed down because of the rain . we be bring in portable generator . they will get the emergency light work but they will not pump enough power to lift the door . ippolito pull out he walkie talkie . ippolito d'agosta ? ippolito . come in . d'agosta ( on radio ) ( a string of curse follow by ... ) where the hell be you ? ippolito I make it outside . I will co-ordinate the rescue effort from here . help be on the way . just sit tight . d'agosta ( on radio ) it 's a little late , you son of a bitch . there 's a friggin ' monster loose in here ! get the FBI , the fire department . find metal cutter , cut through . and bring a cannon . the damn thing be huge . a long moment as the man look at each other . water do he say monster ? ippolito panic attack . int . museum stairwell - night d'agosta 's group have reach a lower floor . here this stairwell end . ahead stretch the hall of the asian people . ippolito ( os ) d'agosta , put on the Mayor . d'agosta pass the walkie talkie to the Mayor . mayor Mayor Jordan here . ippolito ( on radio ) this be ippolito , head of museum security . relieve d'agosta and take command . mayor do not tell I what to do you chicken shit bastard . I see you cut and run ! Lieutenant d'agosta stay with we . he be in charge . there be a monster . I see it . cut through that door and get we out of here , now ! the Mayor shut off the walkie talkie and they round another corner and disappear from sight . int . security room - night ippolito find Waters and the other stare at he . humiliate , he swallow hard . ippolito all right . the steel door be design to retard cut . we can go through they , but it would take hour . water the quick way in would be to go through the roof , sir . cell two go up to the fifth floor . there be sky light up there . ippolito co-ordinate with the fire department and swat team . move . int . hall of the asian peoples - night it 's very dark . the huge shape of mbwun can barely be see slide out of the stairwell and into the Hall of the asian people . then dim red hall light come on in the corner of the ceiling . the monster utter a low growl . the emergency generator be beginning to come on . the animal lope to the spot where we last see d'agosta and he group , sniff the ground . it look up and , with a curiously human gesture , cock its massive head . the silence be break by voice ! they be in the distance and muffle , but definitely there . the monster crouch eagerly , lope forward with great stealth . the voice be get louder . we follow as it go through the hall and down ... a stairwell ... at the bottom , mbwun quickly turn a corner ... the voice have stop . mbwun creep forward , enter ... int . hall of marine animal - night a huge room several storey high . a whale hang suspend from the ceiling . dioramas of fish line all the wall . mbwun pause next to a diorama of the gentle , vegetarian sea cow , the manatee . the two make a startling contrast . a pause and then the voice be hear again , much louder now . the source be right around the edge of the manatee display . mbwun leap forward , claw lash out . he turn the corner and crash through a wall of glass as he grab at the source of the voice ... a display of small , extraordinarily life - like talking hologram ! they have be re-activate with the emergency power system . each little talk figure be no more then five inch high . they move around a small three dimensional display of marine animal , explain the lung system of fish . mbwun ... stand in the pile of break glass , stare at the hologram , mesmerize . he make a noise that sound astonishingly like a chuckle ! then he reach out one long claw and try unsuccessfully to touch one of the hologram . but the shadowy creature can not be catch . the beast seem to realize this , snort and move off . as he go he pass behind a large glass elevator . it stand in middle the open room . the elevator be design to carry people upstairs and down in the two story exhibit . in the dim light , with he poor vision , the monster do not see d'agosta , the Mayor , kawakita , and they entire group sandwiched inside . the monster exit the exhibit and quietly d'agosta slide the door open . everyone , all thirty - five people in evening clothes , quickly get out and run across the exhibit to another stairwell at the far side of the hall . int . secure storage area 1012 - night margo , frock and pendergast wait in the darkness . pendergast , for the first time , seem faze . pendergast I do not know how to deal with this . it 's hellish . like nothing I ever see . I be not train to deal with a monster , a supernatural creature like that . margo it 's not supernatural . mbwun be a animal . part lizard , part human , a genetic freak of some kind , like the half - goat , half - sheep they find last year in the jungle of Vietnam . pendergast but this be not the jungle ! this be New York . how do it get here ? a thing like that cross two continent . it make no sense ! frock ( lame ) we think it may have something to do with the egg we find in the crate . pendergast I do not believe it . margo none of that matter now . the people upstairs need we . we have to help . frock we can not . we have manage to get inside the one place that 's safe . I think we should sit tight and wait for reinforcement . if we go outside , we be risk more life . you have to accept it , margo , there 's nothing we can do . the building must be swarm with police by now . it will not take long for they to get through the door . margo that thing could kill ten people in a matter of minute . pendergast but what can we do ? we gun be useless -- margo we have the fiber . do not you see ? the creature be hungry . it want the hormone in this plant . it would take hundred of human brain to supply what 's in this fiber . we be just a poor substitute . to make it stop hunt , we have to give it what it want . int . cuthbert office - night Cuthbert enter with Jonathan and the dog , Hobbes . Cuthbert lock the door with shaking hand . he mutter to himself in terror . cuthbert solid oak . two inch thick . tell I they will hold . Cuthbert scurries to he desk and pull out a ruger .38 Magnum . cuthbert I get it after I be mug in the subway last spring . jonathan where 's the walk - in safe ? cuthbert behind you . jonathan what 's the combination ? cuthbert I will do it . just let I find my portable phone . he rummages in the darkness , go through he desk . jonathan forget it ! cuthbert calm down . I find it ! Cuthbert flip the phone open and turn it on . cuthbert battery 's dead . shit . jonathan let 's go ! Cuthbert cross to a huge wall safe , start frantically turn the tumbler . Jonathan follow with the dog . cuthbert that thing will not come after we , right ? it 's go for bigger game . the group blunder around in the basement . poor fool . jonathan hurry up ! cuthbert just a minute . I be shaking ! take the gun . Cuthbert fumble to hand over the ruger . as he do , something drop . cuthbert oh God ! I drop my rabbit 's foot ! Cuthbert drop to he knee , grop in the darkness . jonathan for chrissake , I will do it . what 's the combination ?! cuthbert to the leave twice then five no ... sorry ... I think it 's fifteen ... it 's be a while ... jonathan oh Jesus ... Jonathan start again , sweat . the tumbler fall with agonizing slowness . Cuthbert continue grop frantically for he good luck charm . meanwhile , unnotice by Jonathan , the dog be stare at the oak door . we see the hair on he back rise ! jonathan Fifteen ... what 's next ? cuthbert eight to the right ! look ! I find it ! clutch the rabbit 's foot like a talisman , Cuthbert leap up just as the last tumbler fall . at this the oak door behind they crash OPEN , splintering like so many match stick . Cuthbert scream in a high pitch whine at the sight of the beast . the dog bark wildly at mbwun ! Jonathan lift he shot gun . but the monster barrel past he and zero in on Cuthbert ! a huge red tongue lick out and encircle Cuthbert 's waist ! it squeeze he horribly , drag he towards the open jaw ! Cuthbert bellow like a lamb be lead to the slaughter . he open he hand and the rabbit 's foot drop ! the last Jonathan see of Cuthbert be he head disappear down mbwun 's throat . Hobbes bark and whine in terror . Jonathan take the leash and drag the animal out . int . museum hallway - night Jonathan and Hobbes tear down the hallway and disappear . behind they come a roar so loud it rattles the wall . int . hallway - secure storage area - night the door open slowly and pendergast appear . he shine he beam in both direction . pendergast all clear . margo and frock quickly come out . margo hold the crate . frock try to follow in he wheelchair . frock I be come with you . margo no , Dr. frock . you can not . pendergast you would slow we down and put margo in danger . margo unlock one of the other storage room . we be go upstairs . we will leave a trail back to 1012 and try to trap the monster in here . frock margo , this be too dangerous . you always think you can solve everything . this time you do not have enough information . the animal might behave in unexpected way . ( to pendergast ) leave she here with I . do not put she in danger . pendergast he 's right . margo no . you will need I -- at this a loud SOUND come from upstairs ! frock what 's that ? pendergast footstep ! margo no , not footstep ! people run for they life ! all three know this end the discussion . frock open the door to room 1010 . Inside be shelf of priceless ivory tusk . margo take pendergast 's handkerchief and wrap she hand . she quickly sprinkle some of the fiber inside the door to room 1012 . before Dr. frock disappear into room 1010 , he look back to margo one last time . frock come back and get I . margo we will . frock remember , it have poor eyesight . it hunt with its sense of smell . so for God 's sake , margo , do not get that fiber on you clothes ! int . osteo prep - night margo and pendergast emerge from the hall to the storage room and run for the far stair . from somewhere above the sound of run be louder now . int . planetarium - night d'agosta and he group enter the large dome space in disarray . they be spread out and panicked , the young help the old . Dr. pound be find it hard to keep up . Frank and he daughter lauren bring he along . the Mayor quietly urge people forward . his wife 's face be streak with tear . kawakita run with d'agosta . kawakita it 's still back there ! d'agosta I know . now a voice be hear in the distance . pendergast ( os ) where be you ? who 's there ? everyone stop . d'agosta shine he light into the large space . above they constellation glow . d'agosta call out ... d'agosta pendergast ! int . hall of NORTH american mammal - night margo and pendergast run . margo carry the crate carefully wrap in pendergast 's jacket . pendergast that be d'agosta . margo the planetarium ! pendergast ( call out ) Vince ! d'agosta ( os ) over here ! there 's a double steel fire door at the end of the hallway . pendergast and margo run for it . pendergast shove at the door . it will not budge . there 's a small glass window . in it , d'agosta 's face appear . d'agosta ( through the window ) pendergast ! help ! it 's right behind we ! pendergast this door 's lock . try shoot the hinge off . int . planetarium - night d'agosta turn to he group . d'agosta step back ! d'agosta , Frank and kawakita aim they gun at the door and shoot repeatedly . the shot echo wildly . the sound be terrifyingly loud . the small glass window shatter . then the man lean heavily on the door . it still will not budge . d'agosta look through the window . d'agosta it 's no use . we have to get out of here ! ( to kawakita ) give they you walkie talkie . kawakita hand he walkie talkie through the window . margo take it . kawakita be Dr. frock safe ! margo yes , he 's fine . greg ... take care of yourself ! int . hall of the NORTH american mammal - night pendergast look desperately at the blueprint . margo be there another way around ? pendergast no . the planetarium be in the next cell . this be one of the fire door ... pendergast return to the window . pendergast Vince ? there 's no way we can get to you with the fire door down . there 's a entrance to the sub - basement in the hall off the north side exit . d'agosta the sub-basement ? pendergast I have be down there . it link up to the old sewer system . I can guide you out . d'agosta turn to the other . d'agosta how much ammo do we have to make a stand ? kawakita you be ask I ? I do not even know how to load this thing . frank four round ... there 's a movement of air ... and a ripe , fetid smell . d'agosta oh shit . d'agosta pump he shot gun . d'agosta I smell it . it 's here . pendergast go out the north exit ! there 's a hallway and a false wall by the Greek vase . run ! d'agosta everybody . get behind I . the other move past . d'agosta , Frank and greg kawakita hold the rear . the group run to the side exit to the planetarium and in a moment , disappear . int . hall of the NORTH american mammal - night pendergast remain at the window watch anxiously . from the south entrance to the planetarium , a enormous dark shape slink into view ! pendergast step back from the doorway , turn to margo . pendergast hide quickly ! margo what be you go to do ? pendergast check he gun , totally calm . pendergast buy they some time . margo turn and look around at the loom diorama . there 's a plain door at they end of the hall . pendergast face the break window . he Pov ... the beast be slinking away after d'agosta and the other , head to the north exit from the planetarium ! pendergast call out ... pendergast hey you big tub of lard ! over here ! the beast pause , turn . pendergast put he palm up at he ear , wiggle he finger and make a face through the window . pendergast come on , you smelly pile of refuse . come get I . I dare you ! a low surprised growl come from the beast . it crouch as if to pounce . pendergast make more face , stick he tongue out . the beast watch in silence , its evil eye fix . on margo ... watch pendergast . she can not leave he yet . margo what be it do ? pendergast ( loud ) it 's scared of I . suddenly there 's a crash and the door bend like cardboard . two huge sets of claw lash through ! margo scream as the claw pass inch from pendergast 's face . he leap back , lift he gun which look like a pea shooter in the face of mbwun . two set of claw curve around the bent edge of the door , then mbwun simply lift it out of the frame . this leave pendergast face to face with the foul , enormous monster ! it regards he evenly , blink once . then the tongue slide out , lick its lip eagerly and ... pendergast flick on he high power flashlight , shine it at close range right in the beast 's eye ! then carefully , with total calm he fire once , twice . the beast howl more in anger than pain , rear up and swipe at pendergast . pendergast dive to one side and , the claw miss again by inch as the beast be temporarily blind by the light . now pendergast spin and run for all he 's worth . margo 's be wait , hold the door . pendergast Drop the fiber ! she leave the crate behind as pendergast dive inside with she . margo shove the door shut hard as mbwun , still blind , leap into the hall . but now , suddenly , all be quiet . no sign of margo and pendergast . the beast move forward , snuffling slowly . it start for the door which hide margo and pendergast , but stop as it find ... the crate ! the beast move to it , clearly surprised . it poke at the crate carefully , inhale the fragrance and grunt . the monster seem to be struggle with itself ! it sniff the fiber , lift a few out carefully , then shove the crate away hard . then it rise on its haunch and squint into the dark . on all side be glow display of stuff buffalo , gazelle , wild horse , wolf , giant elk , sabre tooth tiger . mbwun move close to one after another . suddenly we notice , in the back of one of the diorama ... margo and pendergast ! they stand freeze , crouching behind mannequin of native Americans riding horse across the plain . the beast sniff right at there window , then turn away . confused , it head back towards the planetarium and slink from the room . inside the diorama ... pendergast and margo exchange a astonished look . they whisper . pendergast what happen ? margo its eyesight be worse than I think . it could not see we . and it could not smell we through the glass . pendergast it do not want the fiber . what do that mean ? margo I think ... it mean it 's full . pendergast then it will not go after the other ? margo no . it 's still hunt , but not for the hormone . pendergast for what ? margo I think ... for the pleasure of the kill . int . hallway - museum - night greg , the Mayor , d'agosta and the other be in a hallway line with at least a dozen vase . a greek vase have be shove aside revealing the outline of a door . behind be a sloping dark corridor . the last of the thirty - five people pack in . greg and d'agosta cover the corridor . d'agosta that 's it , let 's go ! grim -face , d'agosta follow kawakita as they duck through the doorway , shutting it behind they . the impact rattles the wall and the Greek vase fall . int . sub - basement - night kawakita and d'agosta reach the bottom and turn to see the Mayor , he wife , Dr. pound and they whole group stand in several foot of rush water . lauren be shiver . her father have he arm around she tight . behind they be two corridor , one forking leave and the other straight . d'agosta get out the walkie talkie , click it on . d'agosta ( into walkie talkie ) pendergast . we make it . you all right ? int . diorama - night pendergast have the plan open as he study they . he speak into the walkie talkie . margo pace behind he , think hard . pendergast we be fine . take the leave fork behind you . you will be in a straight passage . when the hall fork again in fifty yard go right . then radio back . int . sub - basement - night d'agosta shut off he walkie talkie . everyone 's stare at he . d'agosta all right . kawakita , cover the rear . kawakita oh shit . frank no , Lieutenant . he 's not a good enough shot . I will do it if you take care of my daughter . d'agosta nod . Frank expertly reload . d'agosta holster the walkie talkie and they plunge down the leave hand passage . kawakita take charge of lauren , who be confuse and terrify . the tunnel have a slight downhill grade , and the water begin to move faster , tug at everyone 's leg . people slip and slide as they half make they way down the hill . d'agosta call behind they . d'agosta damn . it 's get deep . see anything ? on frank ... back not far from the first fork . he look towards the head of the tunnel , call out ... frank you will be the first to know . Frank turn and plunge after the other . but then suddenly , he stop . on d'agosta ... he reach the second fork and take a right . this tunnel be narrower and consequently the water be even deeper . slimy plant hang down and slap at they face as they push on . d'agosta pull out he walkie talkie . d'agosta pendergast ? I make the right hand fork . we be already in about three foot of water . where should we go ? but before pendergast can answer , d'agosta hear the loud report of Frank 's gun ! everyone freeze in the darkness . the walkie talkie cackle and d'agosta shout ! d'agosta hello ! frank ( os ) sweet Jesus , help ! they hear splashing in the water . lauren scream , try to run back . kawakita grab she . there 's more thrashing water and then silence . d'agosta Frank ! be you all right ! d'agosta start for Frank but the Mayor catch he arm and hold he . mayor it 's too late ! everyone wait , stare into the darkness . still no answer . lauren scream again . lauren dad ! d'agosta turn he flashlight on the water . it 's run red ! he spin to the Mayor , point down the tunnel . d'agosta run ! people start to cry and whimper as the Mayor urge they on . he take charge of lauren . only greg kawakita stay with d'agosta . they stand shoulder to shoulder and completely alone . thrash in the water can be hear as the beast come closer . there 's a low , pleasurable growl ! both man lift they gun . d'agosta on three . kawakita nod . behind they in the tunnel be total blackness . ahead be equally dark . the noise of they friend get ever fainter . the water now rush half way up they thigh . kawakita 's tooth start to chatter . he bite they shut , steady he gun . d'agosta one ... two ... silence as the water murmur . d'agosta hold the count . a long , agonizing moment . kawakita take he eye away from the tunnel . kawakita I think it 's go . suddenly a huge claw snake out of the water right in front of they and the beast roar up ! it be beneath the surface , directly before they ! the claw close on d'agosta and he shot gun go off . d'agosta scream as the beast lift he towards its mouth ! for one horrible moment , kawakita be freeze . then he leap forward , shove the barrel of he gun behind d'agosta , right in the beast 's open jaw ! he pull the trigger and the shotgun explode , the recoil throw he back , ass over tea cup in the water . with a roar of pain the monster drop d'agosta and retreat in the dark . d'agosta grab kawakita . d'agosta I think you take its tonsils out ! they haul ass down the tunnel , fire behind they as they go . ahead be another fork . the group be wait . when they see d'agosta and kawakita , a cheer go up . mayor which way ! as he run up , d'agosta grab for he walkie talkie . the holster be empty , the walkie talkie go ! without miss a beat he register what 's happen , then cover it up with the next breath . he point to the right as if there 's no doubt and say ... d'agosta this way ! d'agosta exchange a look with kawakita , who understand exactly what happen . as they plunge into the right tunnel , greg mutter ... kawakita Holy shit . int . hall of the african mammal - night pendergast and margo come out of the door lead to the back entry to the diorama . pendergast hold the walkie talkie , desperate . pendergast Vince ? can you hear I ? Vince ! nothing but static come in response . margo pace in agitation . margo we have to try and draw it off ! pendergast how ? margo the answer 's right in front of we . she point to one of the diorama . it show a bird be stalk by a fox . margo that 's a ptarmigan , feign a break wing . the bird pretend to be injure to draw the fox away from its nest ! pendergast ( start run ) it 's deceptively simple . like a bruckner symphony or a Matisse . margo head for the planetarium , call ... margo help ! please someone ! help ! they disappear down the hall with the Greek vase , both call with all they have get . ext . museum roof - night there be increase number of swat vehicle around . a helicopter land on the roof . the rescue effort continue to be slowed by rain pour down . ippolito be in the thick of the action . the s.w.a.t. commander , jenning , come over buckle a ammo belt over he fatigue . jenning we be ready . we have get enough firepower to turn a herd of lion into a fine red mist . ippolito then do it . jenning nod , go off . as ippolito watch the s.w.a.t. team break the glass skylight , get ready to go in . int . hall of the reptile - night Jonathan crouch in the staircase at the end of the Hall of the reptiles . Hobbes be still by he side . he keep the gun point out into the room , he eye scan the dark . he whisper to Hobbes , as if to comfort both of they . jonathan it 's okay , Hobbes . we will be all right . help have get to come eventually ... we will make it . we will be fine . suddenly he see something . what appear to be a body lie on a glass case ! Jonathan pump he gun , approach slowly . the man wear a tuxedo , be lie very still . as we get closer we see it 's the drunk kawakita run into in the stairwell so long ago ! he suddenly hiccup . Jonathan start . now the man gently snore . Jonathan move to he , shake the drunk 's shoulder . jonathan hey ! wake up ! the man snort , open he eye and frown . drunk who the hell be you ? jonathan you first . Jonathan help the drunk off the glass case . the man 's a little unsteady as he tug at he tux . drunk I get lose tryin ' to find the bathroom . I be walkin ' in circle . I lay down for a nap . what 's go on ? jonathan you would not believe I if I tell you . Hobbes have start to wag he tail and tug at the leash to draw Jonathan 's attention . jonathan what be it , boy ? from above come the beat of a distant helicopter and then the sound of break glass . Hobbes pull Jonathan back to the staircase . Jonathan grin , follow behind with the drunk . drunk where we go ? jonathan I think we be go home . int . hall of the dinosaurs - night huge skeleton of tyrannosaurus , stegosaurus and brontosaurus loom in the darkness . rain be pour in . Jonathan , Hobbes and the drunk enter , look up to the sky light . a flash of lighting hit , illuminate the dinosaur and a s.w.a.t. team which be descend on a series of rope . it 's a sixty foot drop . Jonathan step forward . jonathan hello ! we be over here ! they run across the long hall and wait as the the man descend . the first one down be jenning . jenning be you hurt ? jonathan we be fine . I do not know about the people downstairs . in the Hall of the heavens . the basement ... you will need help . there 's a monster down there . a sling suspend on rope be lower down . jenning the rescue worker will lift you out one at a time . jenning signal to a group of five man , heavily armed and in flack jacket . they prepare to get the drunk out . int . hall with greek vase - night pendergast and margo be at the top of the long , narrow shaft . pendergast 's flashlight send a circle of light onto a sheet of black , oily water below . both of they continue call , try to draw off the monster . margo help someone ! pendergast oh God ! help ! they suddenly hear the sound of splash . a updraft rustle they clothes . margo sniff the air , turn to pendergast . margo you smell that ? pendergast it 's come . run. int . sub - basement - night the group have reach another intersection of tunnel . the leave fork turn back uphill . d'agosta indicate this tunnel . d'agosta at least we will be dry . they all press forward in the low vault darkness . as they move steadily upwards the water recede . kawakita 's flashlight flicker and he bang it . it come on again . kawakita I believe in you a hundred percent , Vince , but that 's the second time we have be at that intersection . d'agosta not so loud . d'agosta shine he light forward and they see that the shaft end in a large round pipe . kawakita what 's that ? d'agosta all right everybody , hold up ! kawakita and d'agosta move past the shiver people who be strung out along the side of the tunnel . d'agosta touch each person as he pass . d'agosta we do not know what 's in there . let I go first . int . pipe - night the Mayor follow behind with the group as kawakita and d'agosta lead the way . the pipe be dry and rusted . they move forward with stealth . in twenty foot the pipe end abruptly in darkness . d'agosta step out first . int . cavern - night the group huddle at the mouth of the pipe , confuse , as d'agosta pan he flashlight around the huge space . the wall be carve out of dirt and round like a cave . from the ceiling hang huge cobweb . there 's a large pile of stick in one corner fashioned rather like a bed . on a mound of dirt beside this bed rest a batter duffel bag . greg move to it , shine he light on the side . a name be write in marker . d'agosta what do it say ? kawakita ( look up , shocked ) Dr. John whittlesley . d'agosta what 's that do here ? kawakita I do not know . I think Dr. whittlesley die in South America . mayor ( interrupt ) look . there 's a ladder at the end . I think it go up to the street ! they move forward into the darkness eagerly , towards the ladder which lead up to a manhole . but as they pass the bed of twig , something loud crunch underfoot . kawakita what be that ? d'agosta shine he light down and everyone freeze . then one woman scream ! the wide dirt floor around they be carpete in clean white bone ! the humming noise be louder and we see its source . atop the bone be the body of cuthbert ! it 's cover with black dermestid beetle . they be stripping the skeleton clean , devour the flesh ! the group panic and break for the ladder . kawakita and d'agosta once more guard the rear . kawakita dear God . where be we , Lieutenant ? d'agosta I would say we be in its home . int . hall of the northwest coast indian - night pendergast and margo run down the long dark room , pass a enormous hollow - out canoe . as they exit the far end , the dark shape of mbwun emerge . it leap forward , close in fast . int . hall of the asian peoples - night margo and pendergast enter a series of maze - like room with hide corner , nook and cranny with case full of esoteric Buddhist and japanese Art . they be run through the twist and turn as fast as they can . pendergast we be not go to make the storage room ! margo listen to I , pendergast . mbwun 's DNA be part homo sapien . in primate , the eye be a direct path to the brain ! if you get a clean shot , there 's only one place you can kill it . shoot it in the eye ! at this they round a corner and mbwun leap out ! it circle ahead and be wait in front of they ! the animal swipe at margo and pendergast . the force of the monster 's blow send margo reeling and slam pendergast into the wall . he fall , crumple and drop he gun ! the case beside he shatter spew relic , as mbwun push past . pendergast groan and get to he knee with difficulty . margo be frantically crawl away in the dark ! the beast make a low sound of pleasure and reach out one claw , easily pin she down . pendergast look frantically for any kind of weapon ! on margo now pinned beneath the heaving body of the monster ! powerless , she look up into the horrible face of death as mbwun raise a enormous claw ! pendergast , desperate , cry out -- pendergast please , no ! do not hurt margo ! oddly enough , the beast pause for once . talk to the damn thing be the one tactic no one have try ! the claw halt in mid-air . the beast blink once and look from pendergast to margo . margo see a flash of something unexpectedly humanin its eye ! in astonishment , she whisper ... margo my God . you understand . as they stare , amaze , imperceptibly , the beast appear to narrow its eye in response ! margo control she voice , keep it even . margo please let I go . we will not hurt you . a strange noise come out of the monster . a low , confuse growl . he do not loosen he grip on margo , but he lean down to look at she closer with one green , unblink eye . she struggle not to turn away in revulsion . his enormous jaw be right near she throat . everything be very still . and then ... a barrage of FIRE break out ! the s.w.a.t. team be in the doorway , lay down everything they have get . the creature roar as if betrayed , leave margo and leap up . it barrel down on the s.w.a.t. team , pick up jenning and spike he to the ground . jenning hit the floor with he neck at a crazy angle . it snap like a twig . the other man drop back . mbwun follow , tear through the man , cut a deathly swath ! pendergast move to help the s.w.a.t. team . margo struggle to she foot and she hand touch the wall . beside she be a FIRE hose in a cabinet ! in a split second margo haul it out , throw a switch and get a blast of water . she turn it on the beast as it grab for pendergast . the force of the water be enormous . it push the monster out the end of the hall . pendergast run towards she , take the hose and hold it . pendergast run ! she take off blindly in the maze- like room . from somewhere behind she she hear a horrible howl . on margo ... as she twist and turn through the row of display case , tear blindly in the dark . ahead be a door . she dive through it and find she 's in ... int . men' room - museum - night a row of mirror and urinal line the wall . it 's a huge room , design to handle crowd of visitor . margo duck into one of the stall as mbwun crash in . margo look through a crack in the door to see ... the animal at full stop . it's staring at itself in the row of mirror ! the sight appall it and the beast let out a hideous sound ! the claw lash out , break every mirror in the place , littering the floor with glass ! then the beast turn and back up , groan , as if cornere . margo see now that one limb be drag , leave a trail of blood . the mouth , too , appear to be bleed . the s.w.a.t. team 's bullet have a affect . margo press back in the stall , brace as the beast get closer . it 's just outside . it sniff the air once and suddenly turn , rear up , furious and crash through the bathroom door . margo scream and the thing grab she ! it hold margo up before it and roar . it close its massive claw around she as if she be somehow responsible for everything . the claw tighten ! she struggle and fight to no purpose ... but then the beast pause ... it 's see something ! the necklace with two arrow around her neck ! it stop and its grip loosen ! a pain look flash across its bestial face ... and in that split moment margo look down ... a necklace of silver gleam around the beast 's throat too ! the necklace be the twin to she own ! on margo ... can it be possible ? she stare at the thing ... margo John 's necklace ! you kill he ! incredibly the beast shake its head . a noise come from it ... a sad noise , like a groan . and now margo get it ! she can hardly believe it . her eye widen in astonishment . she whisper ... margo oh jesus. John ? the name be a knife through the monster 's heart ! margo no . it 's not possible ! the last piece of the puzzle fall . the monster be John whittlesley ! margo , still desperately frighten , try to keep control . margo John ? if it be you ... I can help . the monster shake its head no and release she . as she watch he move away , quickly limp out the door . int . hall of the asian peoples - night mbwun now drag himself across the grey carpet , head for the stair . in the darkness of the hall of asian people , pendergast be wait . he lift one of the s.w.a.t. team rifle which he hold in he hand . he aim , be about to fire , but then margo come up behind he . margo no ! do not kill he ! pendergast , you be right . it 's John ! pendergast what ? margo that thing be John whittlesley . I should have see it before ! the fiber be infect with a virus . you eat they , and the virus alter you DNA ! he become addict to they in South America , follow the plant back to the state . he probably enter the country as a man . it would have take several month for the change to take place . that 's how he get from the boat to the museum ! pendergast look over and see the monster . his eye show disbelief . mbwun look back at both of they briefly , then it disappear up the stair . pendergast I do not believe it . margo you have to ! listen ! all viruse pass on they own DNA . instruct the cell of the host to make more viruse ! this one be different . it insert a whole array of gene into John . reptile gene , sixty five million year old . that gene remade he ! it 's not he fault ! pendergast whatever that thing be , we have to kill it ! margo try to stop he , but he shrug she off . ext . museum roof - night a helicopter hover outside pour a circle of light down on the roof . ippolito watch as the drunk be pull up through the hall in a sling . Waters approach , hold the walkie talkie . water we can not raise the s.w.a.t. team . no one 's answer ! what do you want to do ? ippolito eye be fix on the room below they . ippolito Holy shit . pull he up . lightn throw horrible shadow of the hulk dinosaur skeleton all around as mbwun limp into the hall ! the man on the roof stare down astonished . they mouth hang open at the sight ! ippolito get more gun ! now ! the man get the drunk up and abandon the sling , leave Jonathan trap below . int . hall of the dinosaurs - night Jonathan and Hobbes take cover behind one of the dinosaur and hide . mbwun see Jonathan , lift both claw , swing at the skeleton , send it crash down ! Jonathan scream , Hobbes be catch and fall . he scramble into a corner , whimper , as pendergast and margo appear in the door . Fifteen more s.w.a.t. team member with rifle now line the hole in the roof . they all point they gun at mbwun . ippolito get back ! we be go to shoot ! now margo run forward . margo no. wait ! let I talk to he first ! ippolito ( scream ) kill that thing ! kill it now ! margo no ! mbwun ... turn and see margo . she speak desperately . margo John ... you can give up now ! just lie down where you be ! mbwun seem to consider for a moment , but then its eye gleam and it roar . with renew vigor it leap to the wall and start to walk up it like a gecko , on all four ! on the roof ... some of the s.w.a.t. team fall back in terror ! now that the monster be on the wall it 's out of range of they fire ! water Holy shit it 's come this way ! ippolito it 's head for the roof . run ! ippolito turn and take off once more in sheer terror . astonish , Waters try to regain control . water get back here , you asshole ! we can not let it get out ! ( to the s.w.a.t. team ) surround the open and kill it ! but the man be terrify , retreate like ippolito . Waters shout . water back , everybody ! that 's a order ! but the team be in chaos and lose precious time . int . hall of the dinosaurs - night the monster be now half way up the wall . margo be distraught , cry . her cool demeanor be crack . pendergast be with she . she shake she head . margo just like John . he will not listen . pendergast I have to shoot . margo do it , quickly . please . aim for the eye . pendergast raise a high powered rifle with a laser sight . he aim the red laser beam directly at mbwun 's leave eye . pendergast he have to look here or I will not get a clear shot . call he , margo . margo I can not ! pendergast you have to . do it now ! margo take a moment , she eye stream . she have no choice , she call out . margo John ! John , look at I ! the beast look down , see pendergast 's rifle . there 's a long , awful , moment . suddenly it emit a sound like a wail . on jonathan ... stare , stunne . pendergast ... steady ... margo ... she 's cry as she raise she arm as if to say good - bye . and the gun explode . on mbwun ... its head shoot back in pain , and it fall ... sixty foot straight down to the ground . silence . Thunder roll . it 's over . pendergast turn to margo and quietly fold she in he arm . dissolve to : ext . museum - night there be cop and journalist , ambulance , and medivacs all over the place . greg kawakita , wet and bedraggle as a rat , run up from Columbus Ave . behind he the Mayor and d'agosta help the rest of the company to the ambulance . Waters be on the step of the museum , help to organize the rescue effort as kawakita run up to pendergast . kawakita margo Green . have you see she ? pendergast she 's over here . greg turn to see margo come out of the rotunda with frock , Jonathan and Hobbes . her face be devastate . he move to she side . she react as she see he , and teacher and pupil hug . d'agosta be lose in the swirl of people . and he like it like that . he rest against a large stone lion , pull out a cheap cigar in cellophane , unwrap it carefully and try to light it with a wet match . he 's struggle hopelessly . finally he toss the useless pack of match , sigh . but then a flame lower right before he face . he look up to see pendergast hold a silver engrave lighter . d'agosta smile , take a nice long hit . pendergast Nice to see you , Lieutenant . d'agosta the sub-basement , huh ? great idea . we go to a wide shot of the museum as we slowly pull back ... dissolve to : ext . natural history museum - day - super title : several month later Christmas decoration be up . a light snow be fall . there be a very long line . int . natural history museum - gift shop - day all the register be do a booming business . people be buy mbwun poster , t-shirt and hat . int . superstition exhibit - day School tour , old lady , parent and child , foreign tourist with camera snake through the display . in the room with the relic , there 's a tremendous crowd . int . margo' laboratory - day margo close she computer , look out a window at the fall snow . she turn and walk into the back office . kawakita be work there alone . his fly - fishing rod stand in the corner , untouched . margo go to it , smile softly . margo no time for fishing anymore ? greg look up from he work and smile . kawakita get to finish this thesis sometime . margo how about lunch ? kawakita not today . besides , I think the director of the museum be expect you . margo okay . margo exit . greg return to he work . int . hallway - museum - day margo head down the hall to the director 's office . she walk through the new double oak door to find dr . frock seat at Cuthbert 's old desk . margo Dr. frock ? frock look who 's here , margo . pendergast and d'agosta rise out of two high - back chair . margo smile for the first time , take pendergast 's hand . margo I be so glad to see you . what 's the occasion ? pendergast I be in town on a case . dropped by to see Vince and we think we would see the new display . int . hall of the south american mammal - day margo , pendergast , and d'agosta follow frock past the familiar diorama . pendergast Dr. frock , I be wonder . what happen to the rest of whittlesley 's plant ? frock they be send to the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta . d'agosta should not a drug that powerful be destroy ? frock the virus itself might have positive application . they will keep the plant in secure lock up while the study be make . ( beat ) greg be not join we ? margo he 's change . he 's always work on he thesis . he come in early , stay late . I try to get he to join we , but he never take a break . they pause on a new diorama . it 's huge , fill one entire end of the hall . in the center be a life-size representation of mbwun stand on the tepui amid the plant . behind be a painting of John whittlesley as he once be . he wear the necklace with the two arrow , of silver and gold . as margo look , she touch she own . pendergast turn to she , sympathy in he eye . pendergast we do the right thing , margo . margo smile warmly . margo yes . I know . int . margo' lab - day greg kawakita wear glove , high power glass , work in solitude in the lab . suddenly he stand up , throw off the glass , then he sit down again . he seem to be struggle with himself . he glance over he shoulder to make sure he 's alone . quickly he move to a lock drawer . he open it with a key from he pocket and take out a small envelope , look inside . insert ... the envelope be full of the plant fiber ! greg have manage to keep he own cache ! move quickly , with jerky motion , he lay one fiber down on a slide with a shaking hand . with a exacto knife , he cut off a tiny sliver , pop it into he mouth . he close he eye in ecstasy and savor the taste . then he cut one more infinitesimal sliver , leave it on the slide . he take a deep breath , return the envelope to the drawer . he turn the key carefully and we go close on he hand ... on the back be a row of scale ... fade out :