" the greatest showman on earth " written by Jenny bick revision by Jordan Roberts Bill condon Jonathan tropper current revision by : m.a. April 20th , 2015 draft the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 1 . omitted 1 - 3 a strumm banjo begin ... a bass drum join , beat time . int . circus tent - night 4 absolute darkness . then , a single narrow spotlight go on , revealing a ringmaster , with top hat , he back to we , alone . with he head bow , the top hat cast he face in shadow . as the music pick up , he sing in a hushed , dramatic voice : ringmaster [ barnum sing ] [ barnum sing ] quick cut -- close ups of the ringmaster , see from behind , in fast - pass shot . the iconic top hat ; the cane ; red swallowtail coat ; shiny black boot ; sawdust ... ringmaster ( cont 'd ) [ barnum sing ] [ barnum sing ] the ringmaster ( from behind ) look upward . another spotlight go on . Way up high in the darkness , a beautiful african- american aerialist , anne wheeler , be spin on a rope . ringmaster ( cont 'd ) [ barnum sing ] [ barnum sing ] the ringmaster look the other way -- a new spotlight hit a beautiful tightrope WALKER , way up high , seemingly walk on air through the vast darkness . ringmaster ( cont 'd ) [ barnum sing ] a cannon fire -- send a human cannonball fly through the darkness , spotlight follow , till he land in a netting . ringmaster ( cont 'd ) [ barnum sing ] the ringmaster turn , into the light . it be p.t. barnum . handsome . confident . exuberant . at the height of he power . a showman 's smile ; a scoundrel 's wink . barnum [ barnum sing ] [ barnum sing ] ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 2 . continued : 4 he turn leave -- rove spotlight find glimpsis of daredevil * horse rider circle a circus ring , do amazing stunt . barnum ( cont 'd ) [ barnum sing ] he turn right -- spotlight catch acrobat in a circus ring do a insane teeter - board act . body fly through the air . barnum ( cont 'd ) [ barnum sing ] * as the song escalate , two FIRE breather step up and ... .-- blow huge column of FIRE in the air over barnum 's head . suddenly , all the footlight go on , revealing a full - throttle 3 - ring Circus in full motion all around barnum -- elephant do handstand ; lion tamer crack whip ; juggler toss ring across the room ; horse dance on two hoof . barnum stride through it all -- grin ; happy -- and sing he heart out -- welcoming we to he world : the Big top . barnum ( cont 'd ) [ barnum sing ] [ barnum sing ] his song be join by group of oddity , whom we will get to know in due time , both in they strangeness and high -spirite humanity . the gentle o’clancy the irish giant , the tallest man in the world . lettie the beard lady ; chang and eng , the legendary siamese twin ... one by one , they join in , walk with barnum . oddity [ oddity sing ] [ oddity sing ] * we become aware of a crowd outside the three ring . barnum lady and gentleman ! cad and crook ! Children of all age ! welcome to another world ! where beauty walk with danger ! where the impossible be commonplace ! and where nothing be quite what you expect ... + h hk barnum conclude by throw he head back , arm wide ... barnum ( cont 'd ) welcome ... to the greatest show on Earth ! ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 3 . continued : ( 2 ) the crowd , in the dim light outside the ring , go wild . now all the performers join in , sing . performers [ performers sing ] [ performers sing ] [ performers sing ] [ performers sing ] as the performer sing , barnum take in child 's face in the crowd , they awe ; they wonder ; they delight . then barnum turn to watch the show with they . SOUND fade as barnum , in a brief moment , sing to himself about the long road it take to get here . in counterpoint to the performer exuberant sing , barnum 's word be reflective and wistful . barnum [ barnum sing to himself ] [ barnum sing to himself ] barnum be yank out of he reverie by the performer . jolted back to reality , he join they spirite song again . barnum / all [ barnum and all sing ] [ barnum and all sing ] [ barnum and all sing ] [ barnum and all sing ] as the song reach a climax , abruptly all the light go out , leave barnum again alone in the spotlight . barnum lady and gentleman , tonight we offer you a story . a parable , if you will . of a man catch between the real world and the world of he dream . a world where anything be possible , if you only believe ... as the camera circle he , barnum sing the last few line . barnum ( cont 'd ) [ barnum sing ] [ barnum sing ] as the song end , we push in to a close - up of barnum , silhouett against the blind light and match CUT to : * he hhh HH of * the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 4. ext . waterfront estate - day 5 silence . a close - up of young barnum ( 10 ) silhouett against * the sun . someone else be with he , but hard to see . we do not know where we be . Young barnum speak gently . young barnum all you have to do be jump . young charity ( 0.c. ) I be scared . young barnum that 's what make it fun ! * wider -- Young barnum and Young Charity ( also 10 ) , stand on the limb of a giant old tree that reach out over the water . she wear a white party dress . he be in scuff work clothes . it 's a 20 foot drop to the water -- no small feat . young charity * I should not be do this . * young barnum * that also make it fun ! * young charity * you always make I do crazy thing ! * young barnum * it 's like you be fly ! for one second , * you feel free ! * she look down a moment , then pull back . * young charity I can not do it . young barnum of course you can ! you just have to take that first step ... she half - smile , still scared . nod bravely -- let 's do it ! young barnum ( cont ’d ) ready ? one , two , three ...! they jump . and fall , side - by-side ... splash ! they surface . she be laugh , delighted . she just become a brave person . young charity let 's do that again ! and again , and again , and again ! ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 5 . continued : 5 he grin -- dazzle by she delight . they swim to the shore and climb step up onto a lawn -- laugh , high -spirite . young barnum I see a sea nymph underwater ! * young charity you do not ! young barnum she be wear a white dress ! she laugh . he drink in she laughter . behind they , we see grounds of a massive , old - money Connecticut estate . mr . hallett ( 0.c. ) Charity ! they turn . mr. hallett , patrician and stern , step forward , glaring balefully . behind he , a grounds - keeper with a rake , philo barnum ( 40s ) , in work clothes , look on worriedly . Charity quickly bow she head -- become docile , obedient . mr . hallett ( cont 'd ) be this how we have teach you to behave ? like a person of no breeding ? come here ! * look at you dress ! how many time have * I tell you not to trouble the help ! * she walk to she father , not look at Young barnum . philo it 's the boy 's fault , sir . I be sorry . * he 's a bit touch in the head , you know . * come on , son . there 's work to do . mr . hallett you have do quite enough today , Mr. barnum . there 's that for you trouble . he hand over a nickel . philo bow obsequiously . philo thank you , sir . apology again . * Mr. hallet turn , walk back to he estate . Charity follow dutifully . barnum watch . then she turn , and , behind she father 's back , smile at he . Young barnum be thunderstruck . this smile , a beacon of joy , will become he North Star . philo -- see he son 's love-struck gaze -- swat he head . * philo ( cont 'd ) be you crazy ? let 's get home . * the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 6 . int . barnum house - kitchen - bethel - day nothing quaint here , the austere room reflect a hardscrabble yankee life . the family sit at the table as barnum 's four young sibling ( age 3 to 7 ) be serve thin soup by they mother irene . barnum be tell they storey , and they be giggle and enthralled . philo listen in impatient silence . young barnum ..-- and when I get to India , I shall ride a elephant ! and capture a tiger ! irene and what will you do with a tiger ? young barnum I all give my tiger as a gift to the raj . and everyone will want to come see it ! and the raj will become my best friend , and he will offer I half he kingdom ... philo barnum phineas . young barnum ..- and I shall say , '' no , thank you , sir ! '' philo slam he hand on the table . everyone jump . silence . philo barnum as of Monday , you 'il join I on the farm . irene what about he schooling ? philo barnum a waste of time . his place be in the field . young barnum but father ...! philo silence he with a sharp look . it hurt to say : philo barnum you can dream all you want , son . it will not put food on the table . barnum stare . he get up , leave the table , and exit . omitted the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 7. ext . beach - sunset 8 Young barnum sit on a beach -- he father 's word echoing in he head . he look up to see young Charity approach . young barnum how do you get out ? young charity I climb out the window once father get into he Port . she sit down next to he . she be downcast as well . * young barnum be you scold ? young charity be you ? they share a look -- they both be . they turn to the sunset , sad and pensive . then barnum pick up a piece of driftwood . young barnum do you know what this be ? she can not help but smile , know that a story be come . young barnum ( cont ’d ) look carefully . you see ? * ( he turn it in he hand ) it 's the fossil of a mermaid from * atlantis . she look . amazingly , the driftwood have a mermaid - like shape . young barnum ( cont ’d ) it 's a priceless treasure . * he give it to she . she smile , but be suddenly teary - eye . young charity I be go to miss you . he turn to she -- what do that mean ? she turn to he . young charity ( cont ’d ) Father be send I to finish school . * young barnum when will I see you again ? she shake she head -- never . he be catch off guard . ( continued ) 10 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 8 . continued : 8 young charity I do not know what my future will be . Father say I be to be a lady , but ... it 's all so dull when you be not there . he look at she . he have one chance to not lose she forever . young barnum I can see my future . and yours too . young charity no , you can not . young barnum I can . I / x11 show you ... music start under , a simple piano theme , both sweet and sad . ext . mansion - night 9 barnum lead Charity up the front walk of a huge neoclassical mansion that have fall into disrepair . young barnum it 's okay . no one life here anymore . int . mansion - night 10 it 's dark , light only by the moon . barnum lead Charity through the room . as he sing about a world he envision , we see trophy animal , oriental antique , and curiosity . young barnum I close my eye and I can see a world that 's waiting up for I that i'll call my own barnum light a match , suddenly illuminate a stone lion . Charity gasp , then smile at he with relief . barnum smile back -- with the joy of show someone the unexpected . he light a candle . the shadow of the lion come to life , roaring . around the room , shadow flicker with glimpse of tumbler , acrobat , trapeze artist , elephant , and clown . young barnum ( cont ’d ) through the dark through the door through where no one 's be before but it feel like home and then , as if barnum have will it to happen -- ( continued ) * 10 11 12 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 9 . continued : 10 the room be suddenly lit by hundred of candle - in barnum 's imagination the shadow unite to show we the vision of what the three - ring circus will become . young barnum ( cont ’d ) they can say , they can say it all sound crazy they can say , they can say I 've lost my mind Charity be transport . they move through the menagerie . young barnum ( cont ’d ) I don ’t care , I don ’t care so call I crazy I will live in a world that I design they gaze at each other , Charity lean in for a kiss . barnum pull back . he 's bold , but not yet that bold . ext . barnum house - kitchen - bethel - night 11 * barnum , 15 now , sit alone , write a letter , with a single * lantern on the table . his face be dirty , he clothes rag . * young barnum ( v.o. ) ' cause ev ’ry night I lie in bed the brightest color fill my head * int . finishing school - dormitory - night 11a * Charity , 14 and beautiful , sit at a moonlit window sill and * open the letter . she pull out a pop - up origami : two face * in profile ; a boy and a girl . as she unfold it , the face * come together , as if kissing . she smile to herself , charme . * young barnum ( v.o . ) * a million dream be keepin 's I awake * ext . church cemetery - bethel - day 12 philo barnum 's funeral in a run-down cemetery . just the priest and barnum 's mother and four Young sibling . barnum * gaze at the family that 's dependent on he now -- wishing there be some way to take they misery away : young barnum ( v.o. ) I think of what the world could be a vision of the one I see behind he , a figure approach . he turn . it 's Charity , * out of place in this humble set . she meet he eye , * step up beside barnum , discreetly hold he hand . * ( continued ) 12 13-14 15 16 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 10 . continued : 12 young barnum ( v.o. ) a million dream be all it 's gonna take a million dream for the world I ’m gonna make * omitted 13-14 int . / ext . hallet 's house - bethel , connecticut - day 15 music continue under . barnum stride up the front walk of the hallet 's grand house -- scared but determine . he 's a adult now , a young version of the man we first meet . as he step onto the porch , the door be pull open . Mr hallet stand in the doorway , scowling , block he way . barnum take off he hat -- humbly dress , but respectful . barnum Mr. hallet , I know how I look to you , but you have my word , I will take care of you daughter . and one day , I 'il buy she a house like this one -- mr . hallett with what ?! you have no education , no prospect ... no common sense ! * barnum be hurt but not surprised . he see something over hallet 's shoulder . Mr. hallet turn to look . Charity , 18 , carry a suitcase down the grand staircase to the foyer . mr . hallett ( cont 'd ) Charity ! if you walk out that door now , I be cut you off from everything . * Charity summon up she strength ... and walk past he . she * pause to kiss she distraught mother on the cheek . * charity * Goodbye , mother . * she step onto the porch , smile up at barnum . he take she suitcase . Charity slip she arm through he , and they run off . int . railroad tunnel - night ( continuous ) 16 barnum , carry Charity 's suitcase , lead she through a dark railroad tunnel . music continue under . charity where be you take I ? barnum just a little further . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 11 . 16 continued : 16 he come to a stop in the middle of the tunnel . barnum ( cont 'd ) now . what do you see ? charity darkness . barnum I see the future . our future . charity and what do we future hold , Mr. barnum ? he lean in and kiss she . barnum Magic . and just then the train arrive above they , light and steam fill the tunnel with wonder . charity however big however SMALL let I be part of they all share you dream with I you may be right you may be wrong but say that you all bring I along to the world you see both to the world I close my eye to see I close my eye to see barnum ' cause ev ’ry night I lie in bed the brightest color fill my head charity a million dream be keepin 's I awake barnum and Charity dance together . both I think of what the world could be a vision of the one I see a million dream be all it 's gonna take a million dream for the world we 're gonna make for the world we 're gonna make ( continued ) 16 17 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 12 . continued : ( 2 ) 16 from the magic and sweep of this musical climax we CUT to : int . office - day 16a * barnum hunch at a desk , punch button into a mechanical * burrough add machine , write the result into a ledger . * * wider -- his be one desk in a vast office of accountant , all cramme in tidy row . a cacophony of add machine . it 's as far from he youthful dream as he could have imagine . % a boss , 60 and well - dress , walk out and wave he arm . * gradually , everyone stop work . the room go silent . * boss gentlemen , I regret to say you be all * dismiss . company 's go bankrupt . * barnum bankrupt ? what happen ? boss typhoon . all we trading ship be at the * bottom of the South China Seas . better luck with you next job . if you find one . he clap barnum 's shoulder , walk off . barnum slump back , * gut -punch . he frown , eye darting , think fiercely . * everyone else get up and begin to filter out of the room . * a hubbub of murmur . only barnum remain seat . * he see a pencil holder ( a metal can dot with hole ) on * he desk . reaches over , dump the pencil out . hold it up . * barnum * would you mind if I take this home ? * boss * take anything you can carry . it 's all * junk now . * the boss depart , leave barnum alone . he turn and scan * the office , mind racing . he frown , frown ... and smile . * int . barnum 's tenement - night 17 barnum enter , exhaust from work . he carry the pencil * holder , and several large file . it 's a cramped tenement . * barnum and Charity be in they 30 now . his daughter , caroline , 7 , and helen , 3 , greet he with cry of happiness . ( continued ) 17 18 19 20 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 13. continued : 17 quick cut -- barnum assemble a gift from scavenge office * equipment . Charity and the Girls watch as he bind a candle * to a spike , light it , and place the pencil holder over the * candle , onto the spike . Charity blow out a lantern . * suddenly , the room be only light by a hundred point of light , emitted from hole . barnum spin the pencil holder , and the * point of light spin around the room . the Girls be dazzle . barnum happy birthday , caroline . caroline what be it ? barnum it 's a wishing machine . built by the * King of siam . stolen by pirate . lose * in a great storm . it 's the only one in * the whole world . you tell it all you * wish and it hold they safe . helen my wish be to marry Santa Claus ! barnum that 's a good wish ! caroline I wish for a pair of ballet slipper , so I can be a ballerina . barnum smile , but he 's flat break . it rip he gut out . omitted 18 omitted 19 * ext . barnum' tenement apartment - rooftop - night ( later ) 20 music continue as barnum sit on the ledge , flipping through a * pile of bill , many stamp overdue . barnum sing , wistful : * barnum * ' cause ev ‘ry night I lie in bed * the brightest color fill my head * a million dream be keepin 's I awake * Charity step out to find barnum gaze out at the light skyline . she kiss the back of he head , sit beside he . barnum shake he head and look at the bill in he hand . ( continued ) % the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 14 . 20 continued : 20 barnum ( cont 'd ) ballet slipper . can not even afford that . I work all day to make rich man richer . and every time I have a idea to do something on my own , I lose we savings . charity at least there be not much to lose ... she smile , but he can not return it . she rub he back . * charity ( cont 'd ) * you see thing other people do not . * that 's what I love about you . * barnum * ( shake he head ) * when I think of the life you give up ... * charity * I do not give it up . you save I from * it . * finally , he look at she -- quietly admit the hard truth . * barnum this be not the life I promise you . I know that . charity I have everything I want right here with you . barnum what about that house we be go to fill -- with magic and wonder ? charity what do you call that two girl downstairs ? he look at he wife , finally smile . she 's get through . Charity lean against he shoulder . delicately , he venture : barnum Charity ... I have have another idea . she turn -- intrigue and worried . now what ? * 21 ext . grocery store - lower east side - manhattan - day 21 close on : a window sign that read : lottery ticket inside ! * ( continued ) 21 22 23 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 15 . continued : 21 there be a line out the door , wait to buy . barnum , as a barker , seem to really believe he own pitch -- there 's a urgent sense of try to save people from a humdrum life . caroline stand nearby , hand out lottery flier . barnum come one , come all ! step right up ! this be a chance to live you dream ! everyone have a equal shot ! all you need be a ticket ! someone 's go to go home rich ! why not you ?! why not buy a ticket ?! why not buy ten ?! suddenly , a police whistle . a squadron of cop swarm into the store . customer in line react with catcall and boos . cop sorry , barnum . the State of New York will never condone lottery gambling . barnum a lottery be not gambling ! it 's hundred of people come together with a dream -- cop yeah -- while you skim twenty percent ! barnum twenty ? I skim thirty at least ! another cop pull down the lottery sign and rip it up . barnum ( cont 'd ) oh , come on . I just pay two dollar for that ! as the cop dismantle barnum 's makeshift lottery stand , he turn to see caroline watch he . barnum smile bravely . omitted 22 ext . lower east side STREET - manhattan - day ( later ) 23 a crowded shopping street . barnum walk in the crowd , deeply frustrated by this setback . caroline tag along with he . he stop on the curb , as a horse - drawn wagon drive past . caroline why would they close it down ? barnum because they can not see ! and if they can not see it , it do not exist ! ( continued ) 23 24 25 26 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 16 . continued : 23 caroline I do not understand . * as they cross the street , barnum stop , search for the right word -- beyond frustrated . up the street , a man step into the path of the horse - drawn wagon . its driver yank the horse 's rein , cause the wagon to jackknife . barnum turn . suddenly : several hundre brightly -colored ball ... .-+.- spill out onto the street , bounce and roll past they in every direction . it 's a wondrous moment . they be right in the center of it . all other activity stop as child , and adult , gather up the ball , toss they back and forth . barnum watch as the ashen street be transformed into a festive tempest of color and joy . barnum lean in , point . barnum * look ! * caroline * they be dance ...! * ext . STREET - day 24 * pedestrian -- avoid the ball , try to keep they * balance -- seem to mimic a choreograph circus routine . a * brief explosion of joy , color , movement , mirth , excitement ... * ext . lower east side STREET - manhattan - day 25 barnum be transfix by he sudden glimpse . to caroline : barnum you see ? when the unexpected happen , everything be possible ! the rule go out the window ! life become joyous ! caroline nod , share he excitement . then , gradually , street activity return to normal . barnum shake he head . barnum ( cont 'd ) if I could capture that ...! and as he watch wistfully , a last ball roll across the street and come to a stop in front of a derelict three - story building with a foreclosure notice on the front door . barnum turn he eye up at the building . a idea form . omitted 26 * 27 28 29 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 17 . int . bank - manhattan - day 27 barnum sit opposite a bank manager . banker Mr. barnum , this venture you propose be risky , if not downright bizarre . the bank be go to need substantial collateral -- barnum put a full set of legal document on the desk . barnum I own the deed and title to every trading vessel in this flotilla . the banker look at the document , then at barnum , impressed . banker I see . and where be this ship now ? barnum ( all - too- literally true : ) in the South China Seas . banker ( nod , approve ) ah. well , then ! what do you plan to call this ... scheme of yours ? ext . lower east side STREET - manhattan - day ( week later ) 28 barnum show he family he new building , spruce up with flag and colorful poster . a sign introduce ' barnum ’'s american museum of curiosity .' caroline read it , puzzle . caroline barnum 's american Museum of curiosity . helen what kind of museum be it , daddy ? barnum it 's a place to be transport ! to let you imagination soar ! to see thing you never in you life think you have see ! caroline what sort of thing ? int . barnum 's museum - day 29 thwack ! a guillotine blade come down , cut off Marie antoinette 's head . helen cover she mouth in shock . ( continued ) 29 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 18 . continued : 29 helen what be it ? barnum energetically lead they through a room fill with famous figure . many have be slightly damage in transit . barnum a wax figure ! they be all the rage in Europe now ! look -- there 's napoleon ! ( wave in he face ) hello ! and Marie antoinette , with the sore throat ! you can meet they all ! the most famous people who every live ! everyone know they be not real , but it do not matter ! people want to believe , so they do ! charity speak of which ... I bring this . Charity hold out something wrap in a blanket . barnum unwrap it . it be the driftwood mermaid from the beach . barnum be touch . he look up at Charity . she smile . caroline what 's that ? barnum gently set piece of wood into a display case . barnum it 's a mermaid . straight from fiji! helen it look like driftwood . barnum only to the most literal - minded ! he look to Charity for support . Charity , however , look around skeptically -- the room fill with a rather sorry collection : a pygmy skeleton , half - melt wax figure , etc . charity I be not sure people be go to pay to see a handful of wax dummy -- barnum exactly ! which be why I also hire ... acrobat ! he whistle and a family of elderly romanian stumble on to do a routine . barnum beam as the girl look on in wonder . Charity leave , need a moment . barnum watch she go . + HH * the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 19 . 30 int . barnum 's museum - a few minute later 30 barnum come into the lobby to find Charity , fretting . barnum I know how it look . charity good . if you do not , I have be worried . barnum this be just the beginning ... charity how much do we put into this again ? barnum it 's complicated . charity -- how much ? barnum ( hesitates ) everything . Charity take a moment to absorb that . charity you be either a genius or a madman . barnum or both . off barnum 's grin , we dissolve to : int . barnum 's museum - a few week later a small musical band rehearse in the corner . not very well . barnum move through the place trail by helen and caroline , in they best dress , as he make sure everything be ready . they approach anne wheeler , the acrobat from the open , do a one - hand handstand on the raise palm of she brother w.d. ( 20 , African - american , with a boxer 's build ) . the girl be transfix . Anne see they , and dismount . anne sorry , Mr. barnum . open day jitter . ( continued ) 31 32-34 35 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 20 . continued : barnum please , call I p.t. Girls , this be Anne wheeler , and she brother , w.d . the great acrobat in the entire world ! Anne roll she eye at the hyperbole and smile at the girl . anne maybe Brooklyn . barnum okay , everyone , take you place ! int . barnum 's museum - lobby - a bit later 31 barnum march across the festively decorate lobby , complete with a '' grand open '' banner . he be trail by caroline and helen . a cashier , mr . o'malley , get ready to sell ticket . the Band strike up they best festive open Day music . barnum all right , now ! be everyone ready ? charity , caroline and helen ready ! he reach the front door , take one last look around , then throw they open grandly , he face fill with expectation ... no one be there . outside , on the street , ordinary life go on , ignore they . everyone deflate a bit . except barnum . helen no one care ...! barnum no , they do care . they just do not know it yet . he pick up a old - fashioned megaphone , put on he hat . omitted 32-34 ext . barnum 's museum - day ( continuous ) 35 barnum come out , see a parade of grey people , trudging through they daily grind . he start hawk the passersby : barnum that 's right , lady and gentleman ! step this way ! you will not believe you eye ! through this door be more mystery and beguilement than have ever be assemble under one roof ! ( continued ) 35 36-37 38 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 21 . continued : 35 no one pay attention . he try again . barnum ( cont 'd ) ( into megaphone ) right this way , folk ! be the first to see the wonder of the barnum Museum ! come one , come all ! see thing you have never see ! thing you never imagine ! he stop . dozen of people walk past , ignore the museum . then he notice caroline and helen , by the front door , watch he fail to draw a crowd . he turn , mind spin , desperate not to fail again . he turn and take stock of he asset -- Anne , w.d. , Charity , caroline , helen ... ..- and o'malley , the pudgy , earnest , fresh - off - the-boat irish ticket seller . barnum march over to the ticket booth . barnum ( cont 'd ) Mr. o'malley . what be you do ? o’malley at the moment , sir ? very little . barnum exactly . come out . I need you help . o' malley exit the ticket booth , uncomfortable with barnum 's attention . barnum throw he arm over o’malley 's shoulder . barnum ( cont 'd ) here 's what we be go to do -- I be out here try to get as many people as possible to buy ticket to my museum . o’malley and you want I to help . barnum no . I want you to tell everyone they should not buy ticket . o' malley look baffle . barnum lead he into the museum . barnum ( cont 'd ) let I explain ... omitted 36-37 ext . barnum 's museum - day 38 barnum and o’malley step onto the street , nervous . people pass by without a second look . barnum speak sotto . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 22 . 38 continued : 38 barnum okay . let 's sell this . if thing go wobbly , make a quick exit . ready ? o' malley nod . barnum lift he megaphone , in barker mode . barnum ( cont 'd ) come one , come all ! see the wonder of the barnum Museum ! step right up , folk ! o' malley take a breath . suddenly , he be a unhappy customer . o’malley Sir , I want my money back ! you should be ashamed of this museum ! ashame , I say ! a few people be draw by the ruckus . barnum '' confront '' he . barnum now see here , sir ! you buy you ticket and see the sight ...! o' malley , get into it , go big -- almost hysterical . o’malley oh , if only I have not ! if only I could un - see what my eye have glimpse ! it 's unfit for decent people , what you have in there ! unfit for decent society ! look what you have do to my wife and child ! Charity approach , look stricken , clutching caroline and helen to she side . the girl cover they face and '' weep '' . charity ( irish accent ) y’ should be ashamed of yourself , barnum ! it 's not fit for child and lady ! barnum maybe not for lady , but what about you ? o’malley you can not talk to my wife that way ! he grab barnum . they tussle . woman scream . a big crowd form . suddenly , a police whistle . a cop push he way through the crowd . ( the same one who break up the lottery . ) cop break it up ! break it up ! what 's go on here ? who start this ? ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 23 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 he pull they apart . o’ malley turn and address the crowd . o’malley this museum be unfit for decent society ! no one should buy a ticket ! no one ! barnum you can not tell this good people what to do ! they can think for themselves ! make up they own mind ! be not that right , folk ? the crowd roar in agreement . barnum 's get they with he . crowd yes ! yeah ! we can think for ourselves ! o’malley you be wick , sir ! wick ! barnum attack he . they wrestle . the cop pull they apart . cop that 's it , barnum ! you be under arrest ! barnum , scared , break away and sprint back into the museum . the cop put a hand on he holster , and run after he . cop ( cont 'd ) stop right there ! stop or I 'il shoot ! barnum run into the museum . the cop follow . the crowd , watch it all agog , erupt in a hubbub . int . barnum 's museum —- continuous barnum run in , stop . the cop come in and join he . it 's immediately clear that they be , in fact , confederate . barnum here we go ! stand back ! he strike a match , light a small string of firecracker . barnum toss they on the floor , the first one pop loudly . ext . barnum 's museum - day from inside , a muffle pop . another pop , pop , pop , anda scream . the crowd surge forward . everyone be now completely desperate to see what 's inside the museum . w.d. leap into action , wave the crowd toward the box office . ( continued ) 39 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 24 . continued : w.d . this way , folk ! see what 's inside ! have you money ready ! Children half -price ! o' malley , Charity , caroline and helen stop act and watch , amaze , as the crowd surge in , all desperate to buy ticket . int . barnum 's museum - night w.d. be see the last customer out the door . w.d . thanks for come , folk ! tell you friend ! and come back soon ! he close the door . Charity open the door to a back office . barnum and the cop be kick back , play card . barnum be they go ? charity ( incredulous ) you. are. shameless ! barnum grin , peel off a few bill , slip they to the cop . barnum thanks for come in , Tommy . sorry about the short notice . cop any time , p.t. I always want to be a actor . Nice workin’ with ya , Charity ! he tip he hat to she and exit . barnum turn proudly . barnum so ... how many ticket do we sell ? caroline we do not know ! helen we run out of ticket ! barnum could not be happier . Charity look at he -- both impressed and concerned . barnum see she look , and grin . barnum they may not get exactly what they pay for , but they be get they money 's worth . 39 40 41 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 25 . omitted int . barnum 's museum - night ( several week later ) barnum , upbeat , see out the last visitor of the day . barnum have a good night ! come see we again ! the visitor file out , look only moderately impressed . barnum shut the door behind they and allow he false cheer to fade . he head back to where w.d. be count the take : w.d. less than yesterday . barnum nod . he plop into a chair -- edgy , he mind racing . barnum the museum 's not work ! there be thing to see , but it do not add up ! people visit but they do not come back ! w.d . why would they come back ? barnum ( leaping up ) exactly ! I want they happy when they walk out of here ! transform ! open to possibility again ! all I have get now be a crummy museum ! he sit again -- stewing , seethe . w.d. cautiously aver : w.d. well ... maybe you could show ‘em something while they be here . that 's the business you be in , right ? show ? barnum freeze -- he mind go a million mile a hour . he snap he finger , jump up , and pace like a cage tiger . barnum you be right ! I do not need a stuff lion , I need a real lion ! not a wax soldier , a real soldier ! it need to be a experience -- a event ! -- with music and magic and death -defy feat ! something you will want to see over and over ! not a museum but a show ! not just any show -- the great show anyone have ever see ! the great show on earth ! 40 4l * ee + eh + h hk 42 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 26 . int . barnum 's tenement apartment - bedroom - night 42 barnum tuck caroline in next to helen , who 's already asleep . caroline will there be dance girl ? barnum every show have dance girl . caroline what about acrobat ? barnum every show have acrobat . or train animal . or daredevils ... caroline why do not you have they all ? a show with everything ? barnum that 's not a bad idea . a show with everything ! but still ... it 's just more of the same , be not it ? caroline but ... what else be there ? barnum I do not know ! I want performer you can not see anywhere else . someone who could not possibly exist but there they be , right in front of you ! a man with two head ! or a giant , ten foot tall ! like you be walk into a dream ! and when you walk out , you be glad you be alive to see it ! caroline what about Tom thumb ? barnum Tom thumb ? caroline he 's a boy we read about in school . they say he 's the size of you thumb . barnum ( hold up he thumb ) Tom thumb . I like that . you should be do my job . ( continued ) +e * hf 42 43 44 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 27 . continued : 42 he lean down and kiss caroline . she smile . ext . SMALL wooden cabin - porch - day 43 barnum knock on the door . a crone -like woman open it and peer out , not say a word . barnum good day , madam . I be look for a Mr. Charles sherwood stratton . woman never hear of he . she start to close the door . he stop she . barnum that 's a funny thing to say about you own son . her look confirm he 's right . barnum ( cont 'd ) please , mar ’am . you have no idea what I have go through to find he . I have a proposal that could change he life . the woman , mrs . stratton , hesitates , not sure she understand what he say . finally , she pull the door open . int . SMALL wooden cabin - day 44 barnum sit in the main room , wait . after a moment , charle stratton enter the room . 25 inch , 20 pound . he be a boy , but the same chromosomal glitch that affect he growth also make he look like a much older man . his mother turn away , clearly ashamed . but barnum be delighted . barnum hello . my name be Mr. p.t. barnum . barnum stand , realize he 's way too tall , sit back down . stratton stare at the floor , guard , defensive , tense . stratton what you want with I ? barnum I be put together a show . and I want you to star in it . a snort from Mrs. stratton . stratton look up accusingly . a lifetime of alienation and ridicule have make he scrappy . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 28. 44 continued : 44 stratton why ? so people can laugh at I ? barnum they be laugh anyway , kid . you might as well get pay . they be shocked . no one 's ever speak so bluntly to they . mrs . stratton really , Mr. barnum . you should be ashamed . barnum I be , Mrs. stratton . for a long time . I be poor , and I be laugh at . I have be call a fool many time ... stratton oh , please , you be break my heart ! barnum turn , face down the tiny but glower stratton . barnum ... but I do not care about that anymore . stratton good ! neither do I ! barnum because we all have just one life , Mr. stratton . one can wallow in self -pity ... stratton thank you , I will ! Goodbye , Mr. barnum ! stratton exit , slamm the bedroom door . barnum , it seem , have fail . the mother gently usher barnum to the door . mrs . stratton leave we alone . please . at the door , barnum hesitates , notice some toy horse and soldier on the window sill . he pick one up , turn . he speak out loud , conjure a vision , sell a dream ... barnum here be what I see , Mr. stratton -- a soldier ... not just a soldier , a general ! on horseback ! Riding across the stage ! with a sword , a gun ! the most beautiful uniform ever make ! ( more ) ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 29 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 barnum ( cont 'd ) people will come from all over the world to see he ride and shoot and be a commander of man ! I be create a great spectacular , Mr. stratton , and I want you to be my star ! silence . the back door creak open . stratton peek in . barnum can see he waver . with fervent conviction : barnum ( cont 'd ) no one ever make a difference in this world by be like everyone else . you can come with I now , and live you dream . or stay here with you self - pity , and you mother . beat . the door open fully . stratton stand , unguard and vulnerable -- it 's like barnum have look into he soul . barnum ( cont 'd ) what do you say , Tom ? stratton my name 's Charles . barnum ( grin ) not anymore . 45-46 omitted 45-46 47 ext . barnum 's museum - night 47 close on -- a giant poster on the marquee feature a draw of stratton , in a general 's uniform , riding a gigantic horse : grand open ! tom thumb - the smallest general in history ! crane down to find a small crowd , a few hundred customer , filing down the sidewalk into the museum entrance . 48 ext . back alley - night 48 in a nearby back alley , barnum stand with Tom , help he struggle into the jacket of a tiny military uniform . tom thumb this thing be itchy ! do not you say my uniform would be nice ? barnum for the audience ! not for you ! be this enough medal for a general ? ( continued ) 48 continued : the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 30 . 48 tom thumb how should I know ? I be eleven . barnum and that 's the last time you ever say that . because today you turn fifty - two . let I hear you say it . how old be you ? tom thumb I be fifty - two . barnum right . now do you need to use the bathroom before you go on ? Tom shake he head . off screen , the crowd roar at a pre - open act . Tom turn , nervous , start to get cold foot . tom thumb this be a mistake . I can not do this ! barnum sure you can ! you have to ! tom thumb ( freaking out ) no , this be crazy ! they 's 11 know I be fake ! I be not a General ! look at I ! barnum crouch down , grab he , look he in the eye . barnum listen to I ... listen ! it do not matter where you be from anymore ! what matter be where you be go ! you can choose who you want to be ! all of we can , do not you see ?!!! when you ride out there on that horse , you will be a solider ! a General ! and you be go to be the tallest and bravest man in the room ! ( beat ) be proud of who you be , Charles . tom thumb tom. barnum ( hesitates ; point at Tom ) exactly ! ( they share a grin ) come on , kid . what do you say we give this people a show ? ( continued ) * 48 49 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 31 . continued : ( 2 ) 48 Tom look at barnum -- scared , but willing to try . they be jump off this cliff together . int . barnum 's museum - night 49 the audience be seat on bench now , right in the middle of the main floor attraction . Anne , w.d. , and other performers do a few acrobatic trick . barnum have not work it out yet , but we can see the idea of the circus start to take shape . barnum lady and gentleman , cad and crook ! for the first time ever in New York -- I give you untamed creature of the wild ! * the mayor have kindly send he finest man * to protect we , should one of you do something to upset the animal -- he tip he hat to a few policeman . then he nod to w.d. , who stand in the back with a trainer and two bear . w.d. go ! the trainer enter the perform circle , coax the bear , who walk on hind leg , to yell of delight from the crowd . helen sit on caroline 's lap , laugh and applaud loudly . * barnum nod to w.d. , who slide open a freight door . barnum and now , for we final attraction -- they say good thing come in small package . lady and gentleman -- the bravest , fiercest , wildest , most dangerous soldier who ever live --...! +e * hf the expectant crowd turn . there be gasp as General Tom thumb ride out on a little pony . barnum ( cont 'd ) -- please make way for General Tom thumb ! the crowd roar as Tom thumb ride he pony across the full length of the museum , fire he gun . he seem transformed , cocky and mischievous , and full of joy . as be the audience . * barnum , thrilled , take a seat next to Charity . she smile , take in the laughter and delight around they . * * charity I do not know what you be try to do , but I be pretty sure you be do it . * barnum smile at he wife , elate by the energy in the room . 50 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft int . barnum arm - night a after-show party . Tom thumb entertain the other by drink from a bottle while balance on w.d. 's out - stretch hand . barnum pluck the bottle from he hand , replace it with a glass of milk , to much laughter . barnum , in high spirit , downs a drink at the bar with Anne , then turn to see SAM roth , a grumpy newspaperman who watch the antic with opprobrium . roth lift he glass to barnum . roth impressive , Mr. barnum . barnum thank you , sir . and you be ? roth Sam roth . barnum from the tribune ! you get my letter ! ( clap he shoulder ) it 's a honor , sir ! how much do I have to pay you to write a good review for we ? roth I do not know if you have that much money . barnum you might be surprised , Mr. roth . roth yes , well ... no one ever go break underestimate the intelligence of the american public . you show be proof of that . though even the public have it 's limit , I hope ... barnum be throw by this . barnum I think perhaps you miss the point -- roth -- really ? be there a subtext to the prancing dwarf that go over my head ? barnum you be over-think it . we aim to show people the wonder of the world ... ( continued ) 50 * * * 50 51 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 33 . continued : 50 roth wonder ? be that what you call freak be parade for entertainment ? barnum Sir , the man you be call a freak be my colleague , and my friend ... roth oh , be that how you treat you friend ? put they on display for everyone to gawk at ? I hate to waste ink on this atrocity , but I have a duty to warn the public . and when I be finish , I hope you will be finish as well . roth finish he drink and depart , leave barnum worried . int . barnum 's museum - day 51 Morning . barnum , Charity , w.d. , Anne , and Tom sit at a table by the stage , as Charity finish read roth 's review . charity " , .. insulting , degrade , and perhaps just shy of criminal , p.t. barnum 's show be the singularly most unpleasant evening I have spend in year , call to mind the most primitive aspect of the Roman circuse of yore . '' she stop -- it 's too painful to go on . uneasy silence . barnum take the review and scan it , think fiercely . charity ( cont 'd ) phin ... I be so sorry . barnum look up -- eye shine , seemingly elate . barnum it 's fantastic . he leap up , rip out the review and hand it to w.d. barnum ( cont 'd ) go to the tribune and buy a half - page ad . tell they to reprint the entire review , word for word . everyone be stunne . this be borderline insanity . charity he call you the Prince of humbug . ( continued ) * 51 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 34 . continued : 51 barnum humbug be merely the time - honore use of hyperbole to create excitement and joy . charity humbug be a lie , dear . barnum what 's important be : we make page one . ( to w.d. ) and tell they I 'il give half - price ticket to anyone who bring in a review . ( off they look ) when other papers see people rush to buy the tribune , they will review we too . w.d. start for the door , then turn back to barnum . w.d. you sure , Mr. B .? the whole city will read this by dinner time . barnum , hesitates , doubting he bravado for a second . * Charity , clocking it , come to he rescue . charity of course he 's sure . he be bear sure . w.d. nod and leave . barnum smile at he wife . * ext . barnum 's museum - day ( week later ) the line outside the museum be now three time longer . we be following a woman who push she way through the crowd , she face unseen by we . people react as she pass . as she approach w.d. in the box office window , he look up . his jaw drop . + eh angle -- lettie lutz , mid-30s , have dark hair , strong pleasant feature , and a full beard . she smile . lettie I would like to see Mr. barnum . int . barnum 's museum , backstage - day w.d. lead lettie in . barnum be busy help o’clancy , the irish giant , onto stilt . humbug -- behind the scene . * nearby , Tom thumb sit , strumm on a ukulele , while a enormously fat man , the lord of leed , pluck out a simple tune on a banjo ( the melody to come alive ) . opposite barnum , two men sit on a sofa , they back to we . in the background , acrobat and juggler casually practice they routine . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 35 . continued : w.d. Excuse I , p.t. , this lady -- she barrel forward . lettie lettie lutz . Nice to meet you . let I get to the point , Mr. barnum . I have never * be one for self - pity or embarrassment . so when I read in the paper about folk * pay good money to see a short man , a tall man and a fat man , I think -- why * should they be the only one make out ? heck , I be as weird as any of ‘em . barnum stand , clearly charme . barnum weird be not the word I would use , miss lutz . more like rare , bless ... beautiful . lettie beam , no one have ever speak to she like this . barnum ( cont 'd ) allow I to introduce you . o’clancy , the irish giant . nine foot tall ...! o’ clancy .-- with two foot of help . barnum the famous Tom thumb . we biggest star , the Lord of Leeds . and my new friend . chang , and eng. of siam . smile and greeting . the seat man stand and turn . meet chang and eng , the legendary siamese twin , 40 . each bow and extend a courtly hand . lettie let out a laugh , take both they hand . this place already feel like home . lettie oh fella ... I think you get I beat . music start under ... * poster montage * quick cut -- poster be roll up on the side of the Museum * * advertising the wondrous attraction inside with barnum hype : -- '' tallest man alive ! o’clancy , the irish giant ! '' * -— '' lettie lutz ! america 's beard woman ! '' -- '' the lord of leed ! heaviest man on earth ! '' * * 54 55 56 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 36 . ext . barnum 's museum - day 54 the line be now around the block . w.d. supervise more ticket * taker . a sign : '' by popular demand , second show tonight . '' * as customer move quietly through the door , there 's more a * sense of drudgery than excitement -- people with hard life . * barnum walk down the line , eyeing the customer in line . * barnum I stumbled through my day have my head hung low my sky a shade of gray be told to hide away int . barnum 's museum - evening 55 barnum walk '' backstage , '' sing as he pass all of the performer prepare to go on ; chang and eng dress together , Anne stretch , lettie comb she beard . he * stop by each one -- help they get ready for the show , * trading grin and supportive smile , keep everyone happy . * barnum stayin ' locked inside and made to feel ashamed someone who have be forgotten told it be my only option but then I flicked a switch and brightened up that darkest day SUN be up , now the color' blindin ' take a world and redefine it anything you want to be , it's time to let ' em see int . barnum 's museum - night 56 the cavernous first floor have be transformed , dominate by a circle of tiere bleacher surround a massive stage . barnum stand alone , sing to the crowd , illuminate by a * carbon lamp and candle footlight . barnum come alive come alive go and light you light let it burn so bright reachin ' up to the sky and it's OPEN wide you're electrified and the world become a fantasy * ( more ) ( continued ) 56 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 37 . continued : 56 barnum ( cont 'd ) and you 're more than you could ever be ' cause you're dreamin ' with you eye wide OPEN and we know we can't go back again to the world that we be livin ' in ' cause we're dreamin ' with our eye wide OPEN so come alive ! in the wing , lettie stand in a sequine gown , suddenly unsure of herself . she make eye contact with barnum , who offer a warm , reassure smile . she will be safe here . he gesture to the stage . she smile , and step into the light . then barnum encourage a parade of oddity to take the stage . that who be once hide in the shadow now step into the spotlight , and feel accept for the first time . o'clancy you step outta the dark lettie can't believe you eye you don't know what be real tom thumb now they 're seein ' who you be chang and eng and all you fear just fade away you got a whole new thing to feel lord of leed never be appreciate wondered why you'd be create but now they 're flippin ' , fallin ' , hear ' em callin ' out you name lettie /w.d. a little bit of lightnin ' strikin ' bottle up to keep on shinin ' barnum you can try , you can't deny you'll never be the same all come alive come alive go and light you light let it burn so bright reachin ' up to the sky and it's OPEN wide you're electrified ( continued ) 56 57 58 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 38 . continued : ( 2 ) 56 people gasp as they suddenly see Anne circle in a wide arc above they head . Children point and laugh as circus performer tumble into each other on the stage . then a massive lion enter , lead by a colorfully dress lion tamer . it be a show of astonishment , almost too much to take in . in the wing , barnum help Tom thumb onto he pony , readying * he for he big entrance . then barnum turn . Eunice the * elephant be there , tower over they . barnum turn back , * look at Tom thumb . they make eye contact . uh oh . * jump to : Eunice the elephant enter the ring , with Tom thumb * riding on top , cause the place to explode . we realize we * be watch the birth of the circus as we know it . omitted 57 * int . barnum 's museum - day 58 * barnum watch the oddity line up to take a bow . lettie come and pull he from the wing out onto the stage . she place a tin crown on he head . it read : '' prince of humbug . '' barnum play to the joke , proudly strutting across the stage . in the audience , helen shout out to Charity and caroline . helen what 's humbug ? charity they say it 's fakery . trickery . flim - * flam . caroline no ! it 's magic ! * the whole circus unite behind the smile , tin-crowned * barnum . it be a joyous , exuberant moment . * all * and the world become a fantasy * and you 're more than you could ever be * " cause you're dreamin ' with you eye wide OPEN * and we know we can 't go back again * to the world that we be livin ' in * " cause we're dreamin ' with our eye wide OPEN * so come alive ! * oddity * come one , come all * come in , come on ! * barnum * to anyone who' searching for a way to break free * 59 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 39 . ext . barnum 's museum - night 59 * people spill out in the street after a show -- elate , abuzz with delight , and transformed by the experience . they be literally grab they friend and pull they toward the box office -- you gotta see this ! hawkers sell merchandise -- child buy Tom thumb doll , Eunice the elephant lollipop . barnum survey the people as they exit . he see Sam roth skulking in the alley and flash a triumphant smile at he . roth tell I , barnum . do it bother you that what you be sell be fake ? barnum step onto the sidewalk . roth step out as well now , so the two man be face off just a few foot apart . barnum do that smile seem fake ? or the applause ? it do not matter where it come from . the joy be real . roth so now you be a philanthropist ? barnum I be a entertainer . roth the prince of humbug . barnum hyperbole be not the worst crime , Mr. roth . Men suffer more from imagine too little than too much . roth ah -- the creed of a true fraud . barnum there 's nothing sadder than a cynic , except perhaps a cynic with a pen . roth a philosopher too ! please , sir , do not add pretension to you list of sin . barnum Mr. roth -- when be the last time you smile ? or have a good laugh ? a real one ? the simplicity of the question silence roth . barnum smile . ( continued ) % 59 60 the greatest showman on Earth continued : barnum ( cont 'd ) a joyless reporter cover the theater . now who 's the fraud ? roth wave he off and start to leave . barnum point to the marquee . barnum ( cont 'd ) by the way , roth , that word you use to describe my show -- 4/20/15 draft ' american museum 's 40 . 59 barnum stop he . have be paint over . the new sign read : ' p.t. barnum' circus .' roth let of the street and call after he defiantly . barnum ( cont 'd ) it have a nice ring to it . out a snort , leave . barnum step into the middle barnum ( cont 'd ) I be still here , roth ! I be still here ! int . barnum ’'s museum - day ( another day ) the grand finale , every act on stage . all break free ! break free ! and the world become a fantasy and you 're more than you could ever be barnum beam as he take in the delirium in the audience , feel as much at home with the oddity as he have feel anywhere in he life . ' cause you're dreamin ' with you eye wide OPEN and we know we can 't go back again to the world that we be livin ' ' cause we're dreamin ' with our eye wide OPEN barnum / lettie come alive come alive come alive come alive fantasy all ( cont 'd ) and the world become a and you're more than you could ever be ' cause we're dreamin ' with our eye wide OPEN and we know we can't go back again to the world that we be livin ' all ( cont 'd ) in ' cause we're dreamin ' with our eye wide OPEN ' cause we're dreamin ' with our eye wide OPEN so come alive ! ( continued ) 60 62 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 41 . continued : 60 end song . over the sound of enthusiastic applause we CUT to : ext . STREET - bethel , ct . - day 62 a beautiful tree -line street . barnum step out of a zebra - drawn carriage , then help a blindfolded Charity out . helen and caroline jump out after they . time have pass -- they be all better - dress and more polished than they use to be . barnum right this way , m’lady . charity I be go to break my neck . barnum remove the scarf . Charity be stunne to see the same mansion that she and barnum break into as child . charity ( cont 'd ) this be the same --...?! barnum it be . in the gated backyard , there be a actual giraffe graze ! charity oh , phin . can we afford this ? barnum of course . and even if we could not , it 's a investment . land be the one thing they be not make any more of . ( to helen ) I think there 's something on the porch for you . helen look and see a giant wooden dollhouse on the porch . she shriek happily and run up to claim it . they come up the stair behind she . barnum open the door . he grab a small white BOX from the foyer , turn to caroline . barnum ( cont 'd ) something for you too . she open the box and pull out a pair of ballet slipper . she look up at he -- it 's what she 's always want . barnum ( cont 'd ) and , funny enough , there 's a ballet school just down the street . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 42 . 62 continued : 62 caroline jump for joy and kiss he , then run to catch up to helen , who 's already inside the house and head upstairs . barnum ( cont 'd ) you parent still live nearby , do not they ? charity phin . if I do not know you better , I might wonder if you buy this house to rub my parent 's nose in you success . barnum our success . and of course not . it 's true that I have accomplish everything you father say I never would -- charity yes ... but you know , to they , house or no house , you will always be a bum from the south side . barnum yes , but now I be a bum with a huge house they have to walk past every Sunday . she laugh . he sweep she up in he arm and carry she up the step and across the threshold . 63 int . barnum mansion - continuous 63 charity it 's beautiful ! she run upstairs to look around . barnum stand at the foot of the stair watch happily as the member of he family appear and disappear from room . finally Charity slide down the banister -- a little circus in she -- and land in barnum 's arm . they do a little dance around the room . barnum it take twenty year longer than I plan , but ... welcome home , Charity . he dip she back . they kiss . bring she up again . charity and the giraffe be not stay . barnum right . 64 65 66 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 43. int . barnum mansion - foryer - another day 64 caroline sit at the foot of the stair , put on she ballet shoe . she practice a few motion - she have clearly already begin she class . music : orchestral version of '' a million dream . '' caroline dance around the foyer , confidence grow . she disappear around the staircase and when she emerge she be two year older , dress in a tutu . the light go down - she be light by a single spotlight as she 65 dance with skill and maturity . we be no longer in barnum 's mansion , but on a dark stage . as caroline finish she dance , she be join by six other ballerinas . they bow to a round of applause . we dissolve to : int . metropolitan museum of art - lobby - night ( later ) 66 a reception for student and parent , where the upper crust gather to turn they daughter into swan . barnum and Charity stroll among the other guest . he be upbeat , ebullient . barnum remember when we could not afford ballet slipper ? and now -- look at this . barnum tip he hat to another couple , mr. and mrs . winthrop . barnum ( cont 'd ) good evening , Mr. and Mrs. winthrop ! Lovely recital , do not you think ? they barely nod to he as they pass . Charity shake she head . charity why do you still bother ? barnum I know I should not . I just love the look on they face when I do . he watch the Winthrop go join a small crowd encircle a handsome , jade young man , phillip carlyle . barnum frown . barnum ( cont 'd ) who be that man ? charity Phillip carlyle ? his new play be a hit on Broadway . ( continued ) 66 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 44 , continued : 66 barnum play , huh ? pfff ! you pay good money to watch people stand around and talk for two hour ! they call I a con man ! but as he watch other flock around Phillip , he can see the social power of artistic success . barnum suddenly make a beeline , join the small crowd . Charity follow . as he arrive , the Winthrop be begging Phillip for a favor . mrs . winthrop .+. we know it 's sell out , but if you could find we two ticket for Sunday ... phillip yes , of course . I x11 see what I can do . Excuse I . he slip off -- louche , bored by the attention . the Winthrop know they have be diss . they look disappointed . barnum , witness this , can not help himself . he step up , genuine . barnum you know , if you ever want to take in the circus , we would love to have you . as my guest , of course . bring the family -- mrs . winthrop thank you just the same , Mr. barnum . they turn on they heel and walk off , with another couple . barely out of hearing , the Winthrop lean into each other : mr . winthrop my God , what be that smell ? mrs . winthrop peanut . they and the other couple laugh . a nearby group of ballerinas snicker , and turn , parting to reveal ... caroline , among they , with the winthrop 's daughter mary . caroline 's eye well up , but she force a smile . the Winthrop stop short , cover . mrs . winthrop ( cont 'd ) oh hello , girl ! caroline , dear , I believe you parent be look for you . rack focus across the room to see barnum stare darkly . he have witness the entire exchange . * the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 45 . 67 ext . STREET - bridgeport , ct . - night ( later ) 67 Charity and helen walk ahead while barnum stroll with caroline , who be withdraw and a bit down . barnum I be so proud of you tonight , caroline . you be amazing up there . caroline I really be not . ( then ) I have actually decide to quit the ballet . barnum quit ?! why ? caroline I start too late . I x11 never catch up . I be just not good enough . barnum not good enough ?! you be the best dancer on that stage ! caroline look away , too old to buy into he hype . caroline what would you know about it ? barnum you think I can not spot talent ? caroline how many ballet have you see in you life ? barnum well ... caroline not everything 's like the circus , you know . ballet take year of hard work . ( point , sharp ) you can not just fake it . she run off , bound up the step ahead of Charity and helen . we hold on barnum , who look stricken . 68 int . barnum mansion - bedroom - night 68 Charity move in and out of the room , prepare for bed . barnum be slump in a chair , sad and worried . ( continued ) 68 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 46 . continued : 68 barnum it would be a shame if she quit . she just feel out of place with the other girl . charity I should hope so . I have never see so many entitle little prima donnas . barnum that prima donnas be the most important thing in the world to she right now . she just want to fit in . Charity give he a look . this be about more than caroline . charity people like the Winthrop will never accept we , phin . if they do , they have have to stop judge . and then they might actually have to do something with they life . barnum I do not want it for I . charity caroline will be fine . eventually . barnum she 's embarrassed by I . charity she 's a teenager . Charity put she arm around he , smile . but he will not be assuage . he shake he head -- this cut too deep . barnum no . I want she to be proud of who she be . her family . proud of I . charity she be proud of you . in she way . he look at she -- that seal it . she gaze at he , worried . charity ( cont 'd ) phineas ...? prelap : sound of polite applause . 69 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft ext . winter garden theatre - night barnum exit , pull on he coat , and spot Phillip carlyle stand under the marquis , beside a poster advertising the play that just end : '' the drunkard or the fallen save , '' a temperance movement drama that be the snob hit of 1857 . he glance around at the sober - face survivor of he play . barnum Excuse I , Mr. carlyle ? I believe you produce this play -- phillip yes , and I apologize . refunds be available at the box office . barnum ( offer he hand ) p.t. barnum . phillip ( shake it vigorously ) from the circus ? I be a great admirer of what you do , Mr. barnum . barnum oh come now -- phillip I be serious . people leave you show transformed , or at least a good deal happier than when they come in . which be more than I can say for my play . can the evil of alcohol be the theme , plot , and moral all at the same time ? barnum yet you have no trouble sell ticket . phillip my audience believe it make they sophisticated . I exploit that pretension , and everyone win . except art , of course . Art take a bit of a beat . barnum I do not suppose I could buy you a drink . that be , unless you do not -- 47 . 69 he gesture to a photograph of the abstemious Mr. cribb from the play . Phillip take a flask from he vest pocket . ( continued ) * 69 70 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 48 . continued : 69 phillip how do you think I get through this play every night ? int . private club - bar - night 70 a fancy room , almost empty at this late hour . a lone piano player play . they be a few round in . barnum be low -key , but he 's in full sell - mode -- passionate , a true believer . barnum if we present legitimate entertainment , we can expand we appeal . bring in the carriage trade . go after the high -brow . phillip funny , you want to attract the snob and I have spend my entire life wishing to get away from they . they be suffocating . he downs he drink , feel vaguely sorry for himself . barnum smile , lean back . barnum so , come join the circus ! you clearly have a flair for show business . phillip '' show business '' ?! I have never hear that term before ! barnum because I just invent it . ( smile ) and you be there ! phillip I like it . but I be still not clear on what you think I can do for you . the last few drinker make they exit , leave barnum and Phillip alone with the piano player . barnum teach I how to appeal to the snob , as you call they . make it fashionable . sophisticate . ennoble . Shakespeare , and all that . exploit they pretension . phillip you have create this wonderful show and now you want to pervert it with culture ? ( continued ) 70 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 49 . continued : 70 barnum anything to fill seat , Mr. carlyle ! and I ‘'1l teach you everything I know about the circus . Phillip grin at barnum -- he really like he . however . phillip I appreciate the offer , Mr. barnum . but such a association could , at the very least , cost I my inheritance . barnum wave dismissively -- cheerful and high-spirite . barnum oh , it have cost you a lot more than that ! you inheritance , you reputation ! you place in society ! why , people would look at you the same way they look at I ! phillip ( sheepish ) no offense . barnum none take ! the pianist hit a chord , and barnum start to sing . barnum ( cont 'd ) right here , right now you know the offer' out do I have to chase you down and make you see it ? you run with I and I can CUT you free out of the drudgery and wall you keep in ' cause you can do like you do or you can do like I stay in the cage or you finally take the key oh , damn suddenly you're free to fly it'll take you to the other side phillip don 'tchu know that i'm okay with this uptown part I get to play ' cause I got what I need and I don't wanna take the ride I don't need to see the other side so go and do like you do i'm good to do like I ain 't in a cage so I don't need to take the key oh man , maybe you should wonder why they 're laughin ' on the other side ( continued ) 70 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 70 barnum how would you like to spend you day ? you can promise not to rock the boat or you can make the wave you gotta live a little gotta laugh a little gotta give yourself the freedom to dream and it will forge a world that you'll be shape take you wall and start ' em breaking now that be a deal that seem worth taking but I guess i'll leave it up to you ... barnum turn and walk away from Phillip . over he shoulder , he point back to Phillip 's flask and casually say : barnum ( cont 'd ) you know , you might not have to drink so much if you actually enjoy you life . Phillip look down at the flask in he hand , realize barnum be right . he 's win over , but will not yet admit it . barnum and Phillip end up on opposite side of the piano , negotiate . phillip well it 's intriguing but it 's gonna cost I greatly what 's my percentage of the money that you're making ? barnum well , fair enough , you want a piece of all the action i'll give you seven , now let' shake and make it happen phillip eighteen will be just fine barnum ( laugh , sarcastic ) should I just go ahead and give you nickel on the dime ? phillip fifteen . barnum make it EIGHT phillip twelve ( continued ) * 70 71 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 51 . continued : ( 3 ) barnum I all do nine . phillip ten barnum consider it , then nod . Phillip extend he hand . phillip ( cont 'd ) Sir . you have yourself a junior partner . barnum give the hand a wry look , but do not shake it . he pour himself a drink , shove a bottle in Phillip 's hand . barnum what I have be a over - compensate apprentice . they both toss back a last drink ( Phillip from the bottle ) . then turn and walk out of the club , arm in arm . end song . int . barnum 's museum , backstage - night barnum enter and walk Phillip through the large backstage 70 71 space . it 's surreal . oddity , acrobat , juggler , animal , contortionist -- Phillip take it all in . barnum welcome he into the fold with a exuberant , well - practice patter . barnum welcome to the circus , Mr. carlyle ! the most dangerous collection of wild , feral animal ever assemble under one roof ! ( grin ) and that 's just the performer . ( point ) we have get big , we have get small , we have get bearded , we have get tall ! but there 's one thing that unite all of they ! Tom thumb , play card with o’clancy the giant , look up . tom thumb we be underpaid . barnum we be free here . to be ourselves . we be vagabond ! gypsy ! bohemian ! Pirates ! let the rest of the world be dull and grey ! let the rest of the world spend they day in drudgery and grub-work ! we be here as prophet of wonder and joy ! fun be we work , and we work be fun ! come on , I will show you how it 's do ... * 72 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 52 . int . barnum 's museum - night they step off a ladder , onto a catwalk above the last row of bleacher . from here , you can see everything . the vast space be dark , though you can hear a pack house . spotlight sweep the room , tracking a acrobatic act . Phillip lean forward to see what 's go on , when ... .+.- the crowd beneath they part , and Anne come swinging up from below , arm free . her arc end almost face to face with Phillip . then gravity whip she back in the other direction . Phillip turn to barnum . barnum grin . phillip who be that ? later -- as another act , a daredevil horse rider , take over , circle the ring , Anne disengage from she ribbon with w.d. 's help . barnum step up with Phillip . barnum miss Anne wheeler ? I have like to introduce my newest hire , Mr. Phillip carlyle . Anne take in Phillip with she eye , then shake he hand . anne and what 's you act , Mr. carlyle ? phillip I do not have a act -- anne everyone 's get a act . instant chemistry . Anne , freed from she ribbon , smile , flirty , and walk off . Phillip , smitten , turn to check out Anne . when he turn back , he find w.d. glaring at he . int . the '' barnum arm '' —- day 72 a pub across from the museum . barnum sit at the bar with Tom thumb , lettie , and o’clancy , a stack of newspaper in front of they . he read from roth 's review in the tribune : barnum '' , .. barnum 's reputation as the national clearinghouse for the grotesque remain firmly intact . how much longer will the public indulge this man 's reckless foray into the unseemly depth of bad taste ? '' ( more ) ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 53. 72 continued : 72 barnum ( cont 'd ) ( incredulous ) can you believe he 's review we again ?! lettie what do you care about roth for ? he 's a prig and a snob . barnum yes , and all the snob in New York read he . he do they think for they . barnum throw the paper down , frustrated . Phillip burst into the pub . clearly excited . barnum ( cont 'd ) have you see this ? phillip I have . barnum I think I be pay you to class up the joint . phillip I have be work on it . everyone ...? he turn to the other , hold up a fold piece of paper . phillip ( cont 'd ) if you want society to accept you , do you start at the bottom ? or in the middle ? no -- you start at the very top . barnum and what 's the top ? he hand the paper to barnum . it 's a telegram . he read : barnum ( cont 'd ) '' you be hereby invite to a audience with her Royal majesty , Victoria ... '' ( look up , stunne ) be this real ? phillip it take some do , but I get we invite to England ! to meet with the Queen ! gasp and cheer from the assemble performer . lettie the Queen , huh ? how much be she payin 's ? ( continued ) 72 73 continued : the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 54 . ( 2 ) barnum stare at the telegram , a smile form . ext . barnum mansion —- front porch - a few night later Charity sit on the porch swing as barnum alight from a carriage and rush up the front walk to join she . barnum sorry I be late . be the kid in bed ? charity they try to stay awake for you ... barnum sit next to she on the swing , upset to miss they . barnum there 's just a hundred thing to do -- send the whole troupe to London ... charity I know , phin . it 's okay . she rub he back , and gaze at he , already sad . charity ( cont 'd ) you know what I realize ? we have not spend a night apart since we get marry . barnum I have to go . if the Queen of England like we , everyone there will . charity and everyone here too . barnum smile , she can always see through he . she lean he kiss barnum I do not mind if people call I coarse . but when my daughter suffer for it ... ( shake he head ; quietly ) ... it break my heart . charity just tell I I be not go to lose you the snob . in , playful . barnum pull she into a barnum not to they . not to anyone . she passionately . music start under . to embrace . 72 73 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 55 . 74 int . barnum mansion - various room - night ( later ) 74 barnum sing a farewell lullaby ( that will become a duet with Charity ) , to helen and caroline , both of whom be asleep . barnum close you eye rest you head while the star be shining brightly you'll stay in these arm they be made to hold you tightly here with I you'll always be without a worry in the world next he sing to Charity , as she sleep : barnum ( cont 'd ) if you 're scare in the dark call my name and I will guide you for I will be there look around I ’m right beside you I am here dream sweet dream , my dear without a worry in the 75 int . barnum mansion - foyer - dawn 75 Music continue to play under as Charity watch from atop the stair as barnum prepare to leave . from downstairs , barnum catch she eye , and smile lovingly at she . she smile back and come downstairs . barnum dream sweet dream my dear barnum / charity without a worry in the world without a worry in the world . barnum kiss she and step out the front door . song end as we linger on Charity at the front door , watch * he go -- a look of concern on she face . * 76 ext . buckingham palace - day 76 the circus performer disembark from they carriage . they have all try to dress up , with vary success . Anne wear a dazzle gown . Phillip help she down from she carriage . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 76 continued : phillip miss wheeler . you look like royalty . anne I be just a acrobat . phillip no . in the aristocracy of talent , I would say you be a Queen . his meaning be clear . she meet he eye , then move on . 77 int . buckingham palace - corridor - day the group be lead down a endless hall by a prim and lord-in - waiting . even dress up , they look wildly place . the enormous Lord of Leeds be wheeze and fall behind . Tom thumb tug on the bottom of he coat . tom thumb only a mile to go , tub . do not die on I . lord of leed I will not die on you . I may sit on you ... lord-in - waiting do not speak to the Queen unless speak to . do not offer you hand unless she offer hers first . and never turn you back on her Royal highness . you must enter and exit the room face forward . lettie well , at least she can not talk about we behind we back ! laugh and hoot . Phillip shoot barnum a glance , phillip I be start to think this be a bad idea . barnum this be you idea ! phillip you should not have listen to I ! I be a apprentice , for God 's sake ! 78 int . buckingham palace - queen 's drawing room - day the double door open to the Queen 's draw room . of the royal entourage , luminary , and visitor be 76 77 proper out of sotto : 78 member e present . ( continued ) 78 79 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 57 . continued : 78 herald ( v.o. ) lady and gentlemen , Mr. phineas T. barnum and he troupe from America -- barnum enter with Tom , lettie , chang and eng , and the Lord of Leeds , all five hundred pound . Anne follow in she gown , with Phillip on one side , w.d. on the other . the place fall silent . everyone stare as a path be clear to ... queen victoria , 30 . barnum and Tom , lead the way , slowly approach the seat queen . beside she be a small king charle spaniel on a leash hold by one of she courtier . phillip you majesty . it be in a honor to meet you . May I present Mr. phineas T. barnum . barnum I be honore , you highness . queen victoria the honor be mine , Mr. barnum . and I have hear all about you little Colonel from my friend in America . tom thumb General , mar ’am . queen victoria forgive I . General . oh my ! you be even smaller than I expect . tom thumb you be not exactly reach the top shelf yourself , sweetheart . the assemble nobility gasp . Phillip hold he breath . the room remain silent until the Queen suddenly burst into laughter . everyone immediately join in , relieved . the Queen 's dog start to bark at Tom -- who bark right back . they growl and nip and tug at each other . the Queen throw she head back , laugh even harder at Tom 's antic . barnum and Phillip share a look of relief . dissolve to : int . buckingham palace - queen 's drawing room - later 79 barnum 's group be now off to the side , mingling with other guest . lettie stand proud and pretty . chang and eng bow to each side . Tom grab a creamy pastry off a pass server 's tray and bite into it , leave a dab of cream on he nose . ( continued ) * * * 79 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 58 . continued : 79 there be a small stir near the door , as the crowd be hushed . herald lady and gentleman , miss Jenny lind . guest applaud as jenny lind enter . in she early 30' , she be a stun scandinavian beauty . barnum turn to Phillip . barnum who be that ? phillip only the most famous singer in Europe . barnum another singer , huh ? he roll he eye . but as he watch everyone scurry to form a crowd around miss lind , barnum 's expression change . as he watch , the Queen herself ( regal but plain ) chat and smile with Jenny , clearly take by she beauty and presence . on barnum , watch as the old - fashioned royalty of birth be supercede by the new royalty of talent , beauty , celebrity . suddenly , it click for he . he take off across the room , head for miss lind . Phillip , alarmed , rush to keep up . phillip where be you go ? barnum to meet miss lind . phillip you can not just march up to someone like that and talk to they -- barnum why not ? I be personable , and she 's a person . he quicken he pace . Phillip scramble to keep up . as Jenny withdraw from the royal presence and barnum step up to she . barnum ( cont 'd ) miss lind . my name be p.t. barnum . jenny from America . I have hear of you . she smile slyly -- suggest what she 's hear . he grin . ( continued ) 79 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 59 . continued : ( 2 ) 79 barnum well , if you hear of I all the way over here , I must be do something right . jenny ( suggestive ) or else very wrong . barnum when it come to publicity , miss lind , there 's hardly a difference . jenny ( mock admonishment ) between right and wrong ? that be word of a scoundrel , Mr. barnum . barnum a showman , miss lind . just a showman . he give she he most win smile . she return it . they be on the same wavelength , speak the same language . jenny and what can I do for you , Mr. barnum ? barnum I would like to bring you to America . that surprise she . she smile at he . jenny be that a proposition ? barnum oh , no . Mrs. barnum would be displease . but I have like to put you on tour there . jenny have you hear I sing ? barnum no . and I look forward to it very much . but I see the way everyone in this room be look at you . you outshine the Queen herself . that 's all I need to know . jenny ( intrigue ) I have never be to America . ( continued ) 79 80 81 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 60 . continued : ( 3 ) 79 barnum it will be the large musical event ever stage . the grandest theater ! the finest orchestras ! the best of everything ! and when you be do you 's 1ll have more money than you can spend in a dozen lifetime . jenny I give most of my earning to charity , Mr. barnum -- to widow and orphan . barnum then all the more reason to say yes ! Jenny laugh , charme by he unflappable optimism . her eye take he in . intrigue , possibly even attract . jenny I have to ask , Mr. barnum , why I ? barnum think about it -- a moment of real reflection . barnum people come to my show for the pleasure of be hoodwink . just once I would like to give they something that can not be fake . something real . Jenny smile . jenny well ... honesty . I do not expect that . barnum smile back . he have she . dissolve to : ext . castle garden theatre - night 80 a stone castle in battery Park . a crowd surge past poster tout the ' premiere concert of the swedish nightingale ! 's barnum ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , I recently have the pleasure of hearing the most incredible -- int . castle garden theater - lower manhattan - night 81 a spectacular circular theatre . barnum stand on stage . he nod to Charity , caroline and helen , dress to the nine . barnum ..- most divine voice I have ever hear . ( continued ) 81 82 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 61 . continued : 81 a woman sit behind Charity turn to she husband , scoff . woman in audience suddenly he 's a connoisseur ? caroline look down , embarrassed . Charity take she hand . barnum now I know that sound like barnum hype . this get a warm laugh . barnum spot roth in the audience , arm fold , prepare to disapprove -- barnum ( cont 'd ) but I have no doubt that tonight , even the most joyless critic will be move . he catch roth 's eye and grin . barnum ( cont 'd ) May I present the swedish nightingale , miss Jenny lind . a ten-piece orchestra start to play . Jenny appear far upstage and walk quietly forward , a mirage come into focus in a simple but stun dress . there 's a audible reaction to she beauty . Charity 's grip on caroline 's hand tighten . then Jenny sing . song : a epic love song . Jenny 's voice , and the song itself , both stun with they beauty and power . in the audience , Phillip gaze at Anne . she look over . they eye meet , find meaning in the word . then she look away . barnum , backstage , watch , surprised to find himself move by the simplicity and beauty of she song . he turn and peek out at the audience . a entire theater fill with high society , embrace Jenny and , in a way , he . he gaze on caroline , she face impossible to read . int . castle garden theater - backstage - night ( later ) 82 music continue under . there 's a air of excitement that only come after a perfect show . cheer continue as Jenny leave the stage , follow by stagehand carry bouquet . she be meet by barnum , who look at she , truly impressed . barnum miss lind ...! it be , well ... ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 62 . 82 continued : 82 jenny ( laugh ) why Mr. barnum , I believe you be speechless . Charity rush in with the girl . charity miss lind , I have never hear anything so divine . jenny be not you lovely . barnum I would like you to meet my wife , Charity . and we girl , caroline and helen . jenny a pleasure . helen you look like a princess , mar ’am . jenny but you be the beautiful one . she offer helen she hand -- to shake , or to kiss , helen be not sure . so she curtsy . caroline step forward , shyly . caroline you have the most exquisite voice ! jenny thank you , dear . do you perform ? caroline yes , I ... I be study ballet . barnum you be ?! caroline of course I be . barnum turn to Charity and beam . barnum of course she be . caroline my class will perform at the met gala this year . ( continued ) 82 83 84 85 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 63 . continued : ( 2 ) 82 jenny oh ! what I would give to see that ! ( take caroline 's hand ) I think you and I be go to be very good friend . caroline glow . barnum put he arm around Charity -- he have pull off the impossible . int . the '' barnum arm '' - day 83 barnum sit at a table as Phillip run in with the paper . phillip hot off the press . barnum flip through roughly , look for the review . as he read it , he expression go from elation to dismay . barnum '' Jenny lind 's sing be both ethereal and transcendent . in the hand of a true purveyor of the art , this would be a cause for celebration . but now we can only watch in dismay as the notorious p.t. barnum inevitably turn she into one of he sideshow freak . next thing we know , she will be sport a beard . '' ( stop read ) what be wrong with that man ? phillip like most critic , roth just vent the bitterness over he own failure by attack that who succeed . just take comfort in the fact that every time you sell a ticket , a little part of he die . barnum well , then . let 's sell more ticket . ext . castle garden theater - night 84 SOUND of : ecstatic applause . call of '' brava '' and '' encore ! '' night after night , the ' sold out 's sign be hang in the box office window . int . castle garden theater - jenny 's dressing room - night 85 the room be cramme with well - heele admirer and bouquet of flower . barnum glad -hands people while Charity feign interest . Jenny smile politely , accept accolade . ( continued ) 85 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 64 . continued : 85 mrs . winthrop ( 0.s. ) Mr. barnum . he turn to see the Winthrop , in the doorway , slightly at sea . Mrs. winthrop turn to she husband , who take he cue : mr . winthrop barnum . I confess , I have my doubt ... but this be a triumph . well do , sir . barnum light up , clap winthrop on the back . it 's take a lifetime to get here . barnum thank you very much , Mr. winthrop . Charity watch from across the room , somewhat concerned . mrs . winthrop do you suppose we might ... that be ... barnum you want to meet miss lind ? mrs . winthrop if it 's not ask too much . barnum not at all ! not at all ! barnum pull they in the room , close the door , but there 's a immediate knock . barnum open the door again , expect more swell . this time , however , it be lettie , Tom thumb , o’clancy , and all the rest of the oddity . they smile . lettie Mr. B ... you think we could meet miss lind ? good Lord , that lady can sing ! barnum waver , look back in the room -- at the Winthrop , Jenny , etc . he turn back . and make the wrong choice ... barnum it 's a bit crowded right now , lettie . why do not you all come back later ? the oddity be surprised and insulted . before they can respond , barnum have close the door on they . Charity see this , and frown , as barnum lead the Winthrop to Jenny . dissolve to : 86 87 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 65 . int . barnum 's museum - night 86 Tom thumb sit , play the ukulele to the sell out crowd . lettie sing '' oddity '' , a celebration of the self - acceptance * that barnum have give they , but somehow can not give himself . * lettie why did GOD create I into such a oddity be it so wrong I want to belong there's got to be a purpose for I . the other oddity appear on stage to harmonize . lettie ( cont 'd ) unusual be so beautiful that be in - disputable it ain 't so wrong you want to belong chang and eng ( harmonize ) you'll find in I that we 're all * oddity * oddity * oddity * on barnum in the wing , watch the show with one eye , and * he pocket watch with the other . finally , he grab he coat . * oddity ( cont 'd ) we 're the monster * we 're the freak we 're the misfit we 're the freak ext . barnum 's museum - same 87 barnum exit . on the sidewalk be a small crowd of protester * hold sign : '' Close the Circus ! '' and '' no more freak show ! '' . oddity ( v.o . ) * it ain ’t so wrong * we all belong * to one family ... * barnum slow for a second -- he 's never see this people . * then he climb into a wait carriage . it drive off . * 88 89 90 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 66 . int . castle garden theater - backstage hallway - night ( same ) 88 barnum find Jenny signing autograph and greeting high - society type in a backstage hallway . he attempt to mingle , but no one have any interest in he . he greet a couple who do not respond in kind . he himself be a oddity there . oddity ( v.0o . ) and we're all oddity oddity ... oddity .... ext . new york STREET - day Anne , in she Sunday finest , window shop outside a clothing store . she go to enter , only to have the door shut in she face . a sign be flip from '' open '' to '' close for lunch '' . she absorb this indignity , stoic , and move on . across the street , Phillip have see this . his heart break for she . oddity ( v.o. ) it ain ’t so wrong we all belong to one family ... int . castle garden theater - backstage - night barnum smile and nod to a well - heele couple , who completely ignore he as they walk past . we intercut : the oddity 89 sing raucously , then , back to ... barnum , in the hallway 90 try to engage . people squeeze past , jostling as they try to get to Jenny lind . finally , he give up . he turn and watch as the cream of New York society crowd around Jenny , shower she with the respect they will never give to he . track in on barnum , alone , as he stare at Jenny . she be the personification of everything he 's ever want for himself . then , in the midst of the crowd , she glance up and see he watch she . she smile at he with warmth and gratitude -- he 's make all this come true . a connection across the room . something stir in barnum -- a consume , almost pathological need for acceptance and adulation . he see now he will never get there on he own . he need Jenny lind . ( continued ) +e % a * * * 90 91 92 93 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 67 . continued : 90 oddity ( v.0o . ) we 're the monster we 're the freak we 're the misfit we 're the freak int . barnum 's museum - same 91 back and forth between barnum and the oddity , wrapping up . * tom thumb it ain 't so wrong we all belong to one family and we 're all oddity oddity .... oddity the number end and the crowd applaud wildly , on they foot . * int . winter garden theater - backstage - night 92 * barnum stare as Jenny chat with the Winthrop . grimly * determine , he move forward to join the conversation . he put on a smile as he join they , bow to Mrs. winthrop * and shaking Mr. winthrop 's hand . it 's like shaking hand with the Devil . as circus applause echoe , we CUT to : * int . winthrop mansion - night 93 quiet . people mingle in the draw room , while Jenny stand * beside the piano , greeting well - wisher . barnum and Charity stand to one side , take it all in . Charity ask quietly . charity remind I why you agree to a private recital for the Winthrop ? barnum they ask . charity simple as that ? she smile , wry . barnum shrug . she know he too well . Charity look across the room , and gasp softly . charity ( cont 'd ) oh my God ... ( continued ) 93 94 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 68 . continued : 93 barnum follow she gaze to the older couple that have just enter , look somewhat uncomfortable . barnum be that ...? charity my parent . Charity make eye contact with Mr. and Mrs. hallet from across the room . her mother offer a uncertain smile . pre - lap : Jenny 's sing . int . winthrop mansion - night - a few minute later 94 Jenny sing to the assemble guest , accompany by a lone pianist . caroline sit between barnum and Charity . jenny [ sing epic love song ] as Jenny sing , she eye find barnum 's in the audience and rest there , like she 's sing to he . Charity clock the look between they warily . barnum turn , survey the audience , listen raptly . he finally have a act they can not say no to . the song end in applause . caroline , look around at the reaction of she friend and parent , smile and clap . as Jenny bow , barnum join she in the center of the room . he take she hand and kiss she ceremonially on each cheek . barnum thank you all very much . and thank you , miss lind , for share you gift with we . you know , lady and gentleman , this day , I be largely associate with elephant and acrobat and oddity . here he smile and get a bit of a chuckle from the crowd . barnum ( cont 'd ) but to I , the noblest art be that of make other happy . and that apply to a circus for the mass , or a virtuoso vocalist for you good people here . barnum pause . on Charity and caroline , watch nervously . charity ( to herself ) no , do not ... do not , do not , please do not ! ( continued ) * * 94 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 69 . continued : 94 barnum I grow up not far from here . as a matter of fact , my father tend the lawn of some of you home . so I never imagine I would actually be a honore guest in one of they . or that I have own the large house in the neighborhood . Charity close she eye in dismay . barnum ( cont 'd ) actually , I do imagine it . when you be bear into poverty -- and treat with scorn because of it -- ( glare at the hallet ) -- imagination be you only recourse . Mr. hallet return the glare angrily , feel the eye of the room suddenly on he . abruptly , he stand and , take he wife by the arm , exit the room -- walk out in a huff . this be a act of social aggression , intend to ostracize barnum . it work : the Winthrop look embarrassed . there be murmur of disapproval . judgmental eye turn back to barnum . barnum , catch off guard , look up see the pain expression of Charity and caroline . awkwardly , he wrap up . barnum ( cont 'd ) and right now I imagine I have say a bit too much . thank you for let we entertain you . good night . polite applause . barnum look to caroline , who be mortify . as he walk back to rejoin they , caroline turn , walk away . barnum be stung . Charity look at he -- sad , acerbic . charity you still know how to charm my parent , do not you ? barnum I do not worry anymore about impress you parent . charity clearly . she follow caroline off . barnum be leave alone . he gaze around the room -- suddenly , a social pariah again . his face harden -- the chip on he shoulder have just become huge . phillip ( v.o. ) this be insanity ...! % + eh 95 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 70 . int . barnum ’'s museum - barnum 's office - day 95 close on a poster for the Jenny lind tour . it be wildly extravagant -- the 19th century version of Las Vegas . barnum love it . Phillip be desperately try to reason with he . phillip ..- a ninety piece orchestra ?! custom set ! indoor firework ! no one 's ever do anything like this ! barnum exactly ! we be give the world something they have never see before ! phillip with good reason ! you have have to pay the theater in advance ! you have pay Jenny in advance ! you will not see a penny of profit till the fortieth show , at least ! you be risk everything you have build ! barnum and how do you think I build it ? by risk everything ! Phillip flop down in a chair , anxious and overwhelm . barnum ( cont 'd ) calm down , man . what 's eat you ? Phillip hold up a telegram . phillip miss lind 's contract . barnum be not it do ? phillip she will not sign . you be ask she to do two show a night . she insist on one . you have get to hold the line on this , p.t . you be risk too much already . barnum I 'il handle miss lind . barnum pluck the contract from Phillip 's finger , grab he hat , head for the exit . Phillip turn . phillip or will she handle you ? ( continued ) 95 96 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 71 . continued : 95 but barnum be already go . int . HOTEL dine room - day 96 barnum walk in to find Jenny finish a lunch . he have the papers in he hand , look serious . she see he , smile . jenny Mr. barnum ! to what do I owe the pleasure ?! barnum I receive a draft of you contract . jenny oh , dear . be something wrong ? barnum not at all . it 's just that I have book each hall for two show a night ... jenny ...- and I can only perform once . barnum be baffle by this . he strain to be polite . barnum be there something else you will be do for twenty three hour ? jenny Mr. barnum , I be not a cuckoo clock . to be perfect , my voice require rest . barnum if it be just less than perfect , I assure you , no one will know the difference . jenny I will know the difference . barnum but you be not buy ticket . jenny you tell I you want the best for this tour , Mr. barnum . or be that humbug too ? her challenge throw barnum . he struggle to control himself . barnum I be pay you top dollar . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 72. 96 continued : 96 jenny this be not about money ... barnum what else could it be about ? she look at he with affection . she 's tacitly plead with he to change himself and become '' respectable '' . jenny the question be simple , Mr. barnum -- do you want to give you audience something real ? or just hoodwink they again ? barnum half -smile . he sit next to she , shake he head . barnum it 's certainly easier to hoodwink they . not to mention more fun and profitable . she look at he : what kind of man be he ? he nod -- this be the price of respectability . hold up the papers . barnum ( cont 'd ) I will have it change before you leave . jenny you mean before we leave ? he stop short . they look at each other , both surprised . barnum you do not think I be go with you ? jenny why would you not ? barnum I have a business to run ! jenny I do not know anyone in this country ! barnum ( exasperate ) you 'il meet people ! jenny I need someone I can trust ! barnum you can not trust I ! I be p.t. barnum ! ( continued ) 96 97 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 73 . continued : ( 2 ) 96 she laugh , let she eye linger . he meet she gaze . there be a connection here . she look at he , quizzical . * jenny this tour will make you reputation . you will be the most famous man in America . * but only if you show up . she smile at he -- do not you want that ? he waver , at war with himself . finally , he smile and nod . barnum I 'il see you on tour . she smile , squeeze he hand , then rise and walk out of the restaurant . barnum look up to see a waiter hold the check . he take the check and sigh , outmaneuvered again . ext . barnum 's museum - dusk ( later ) 97 Phillip walk out of barnum 's office , look at artwork for the Jenny lind tour . he be troubled and anxious . he stop . in the middle of the otherwise empty Museum , Anne practice she acrobatic routine , spin on a rope high up . she be graceful , athletic , beautiful . he gaze at she with long . muffled sound of a ruckus outside . Phillip turn , frown . * ext . barnum 's museum - day Phillip step outside . in front of the box office , a crowd * of protester be gather behind a banner , '' league of decency '' . they hold up sign -- '' Close the Circus ! '' and '' protect we Children ! '' a man with a bullhorn be shouting . bullhorn immoral ! indecent ! not fit for polite society ! a insult to family value ! when they see he , the protester erupt with catcall and * boos . Phillip be take aback by they jeer and angry face . * Anne join he at the door , gaze out fearfully . they share * a look . bravely , Phillip go and confront the bullhorn man . * phillip what be go on here ? * bullhorn we be shutting you down ! ( into bullhorn ) freak belong in freak show ! not here ! send they back where they belong ! ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 74 . continued : phillip Sir , you have a right to protest , but you cannot block we ticket booth . protester what be you gonna do about it , boy ?! he shove Phillip . Phillip , not a fight man , be stunne . * protestor we do not want you here ! you do not belong here ! go back to where you come from ! Anne be incense . she step out , point at Mr. bullhorn . anne I be from New York ! I be from right here ! bullhorn then go back to where you belong ! protestor that 's right ! go home ! go back where you belong ! go back to Africa ! Anne be stung to the core . Phillip see this . she turn and retreat into the museum . he run in after she . 98-99 omitted 98-99 100 int . barnum ’'s museum - night ( later ) 100 the giant space be empty , quiet . Anne sit on the edge of a trampoline , shake and upset . Phillip stand before she , hold she hand . they be in the middle of a heart - to - heart . he be court she , tenderly . she be sad , skeptical . phillip * you can not listen they . that people be * hateful . ignorant . he try to touch she face , but she pull away , nervous . * anne * do not ... please ... we should not even be * here like this . * phillip * why not ? what 's wrong with we be * together ? * she smile sadly -- the question seem naive , quixotic . * ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 75 . 100 continued : 100 anne it be dangerous . phillip then let we live dangerously . I will not let that people dictate how I live . anne it 's not just they . look at the world ... any time I step outside this building ... phillip oh , damn the world ! if it be make up of fool , that be they problem , not yours ! she look at he , heart melting . he lean in for a kiss . Anne lean to kiss he , then pull away -- sad and scared . he see she unhappy reluctance -- he must convince she . music start . Phillip sing a love song with a drive beat . phillip ( cont 'd ) you know I want you it 's not a secret I try to hide I know you want I so why keep saying our hand be tied ? you claim it 's not in the card and fate be pulling you mile away and out of reach from I but you 're here in my heart so who can stop I if I decide that you're my destiny ? she climb the trapeze ladder ... dive onto the trampoline , then bounce and rotate elegantly in the air ... landing directly in front of Phillip . he pull she into a dance . phillip ( cont 'd ) so what if we rewrite the star say you be made to be mine nothing could keep US apart you'd be the one I be meant to find it 's up to you and it 's up to I no one can say what we get to be so why don ’t we rewrite the star baby the world could be our tonight Phillip let she go . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 76 . 100 continued : ( 2 ) 100 anne you think it 's easy ? you think I don ’t want to run to you ? but there be mountain * and there be door that we can ’t walk through Phillip start up the ladder . he take a blind leap , landing * unsteadily on the trampoline . they dance again , closer now . anne ( cont 'd ) so how do we rewrite the star ? say you be made to be mine when everything keep US apart can you be the one I be meant to find be it up to you ? be it up to I ? when everyone tell US what we can be how do we rewrite the star ? changing the world to be our tonight . Phillip grab a low-hanging trapeze and they sit on it , swinging higher and higher . they drop off the trapeze and fall to the trampoline , where they lie together , sing . anne & phillip so how do we rewrite the star say you be made to be mine nothing can keep US apart if you be the one I be meant to find * he help she off the trampoline . they hold each other close . anne & phillip ( cont ’d ) it 's up to you * and it 's up to I no one can say what we get to be so how do we rewrite the star changing the world to be our tonight as the song end , they seem about to kiss ... she pull back . eye fill with tear , she shake she head -- it can not work between they . she turn , walk away . he watch , heartbroken . 101-3 omitted 101-3 int . bank - president 's office - manhattan - dusk barnum sit with the bank president as a clerk enter with a sheaf of papers . he set the papers before barnum . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 77 . continued : barnum I appreciate you make this loan to I on short notice ... bank president usually we discourage use one 's own home as collateral . but it 's quite a lot you be borrow for this tour ... barnum hesitates , then sign the document . barnum let 's keep this between we , if you do not mind . I do not want to worry Mrs. barnum . the banker nod , though he can not hide he concern 104 int . barnum mansion - bedroom - dawn 104 barnum finish pack he suitcase while Charity sit up in bed , watch he . charity I do not understand why you be leave . barnum I just need to be there . charity why ? what be we risk this time ? barnum just the usual . this be true only technically -- he be risk everything . charity then do not go . do not go -- I mean it . barnum this will be the biggest musical tour in the history of the country . charity they will do fine without you . barnum we be go to make million -- charity we do not need million . he look up at she , as a tear run down she face . ( continued ) * 104 105 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 78 . continued : 104 charity ( cont 'd ) when be it go to be enough ?! what 's the point of it all -- that two girl , this family -- if you be never here ? barnum I will be , as soon as the tour be over . charity ( darkly ) the tour will never be over . barnum that 's ridiculous . charity be it ? you do not need the whole world to love you , phin . just a few good people . she stare at he , can feel he waver . charity ( cont 'd ) do not go , phin . please . he consider , but he 's not ready to hear everything she say . barnum I have to . I be sorry . ext . train station - day 105 barnum have turn the kick -off of the tour into a 19th century media circus , with a entire train commandeer and paint to advertise the event . Jenny lind move down the platform , surround by reporter and fan . barnum kiss he girl goodbye . they cry and hug he . he turn to Charity , who be still cross . he kiss she cheek . barnum I all be back as soon as I can . she be unrelent . the train whistle . he shrug sadly , turn and head to the train . Charity eye Jenny lind , blow kiss to she fan . she watch barnum disappear onto the train . we stay on charity as she sing '' tightrope , '' a song convey she fear about barnum leave with Jenny . charity some people long for a life that be simple and planned tied with a ribbon ( more ) ( continued ) * * * * 105 108 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 79 . continued : 105 charity ( cont 'd ) some people won 't sail the sea ' cause they 're safer on land to follow what' written but i'd follow you to the great unknown off to a world we call our own * int . theater - night 108 * Jenny finish sing on stage and bask in the loud * applause and throw flower . barnum stand in the wing , watch happily . she turn to smile at barnum in the wing , who smile back , elate at she reception . charity ( v.o. ) hand in my hand and we promise to never let go we're walkin ' a tightrope int . recital theater - night * caroline finish a small ballet recital with she fellow * ballerinas . they bow . in the audience of parent and * friend , Charity and helen applaud . barnum be not there . * charity ( v.o . ) * high in the sky * we can see the whole world down below we're walking a tightrope int . house - late night Charity walk through the giant house alone . Lonely , she dance by herself , imagine he there . on the floor , he shadow join with hers , dance , though she arm be empty . charity never sure , never know how far we could fall but it's all a adventure that come with a breathtaking view walkin ' a tightrope with you - o0-00-00-00 with you-oo-o00-00-00 with you int . restaurant - day 110 barnum and Jenny be guest of honor at a huge dinner party in Chicago . the Mayor raise a toast to Jenny . Jenny stand and bow graciously . then she reach for barnum . he resist , but she coax he to he foot . everyone applaud . * ( continued ) 110 114 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 80 . continued : 110 charity mountain and valley and all that will come in between desert and ocean you pull I in and together we're lost in a dream always in motion so I risk it all just to be with you and I risk it all for this life we choose int . house - night 111 * at the barnum house , Charity and the girl eat dinner . they * be tell storey and laugh . but Charity can not help * notice barnum 's place at the table be conspicuously vacant . * charity ( v.o. ) hand in my hand and we promise to never let go we're walkin ' a tightrope high in the sky we can see the whole world down below int . bookstore - day * at a bookstore in Kansas City , barnum sign copy of he latest autobiography . Jenny stand by he side , at one point rest she hand on he shoulder in a almost wifely pose . charity ( v.o . ) we're walking a tightrope never sure , but you'll catch I if I should fall ext . bookstore , new york - day 113 * in New York , Charity and the girl walk up the street , in * good spirit . they stop in front of a bookstore , surprised . * angle -- barnum 's autobiography be on display under a sign : * number one best seller next to the bible ! it 's bittersweet for caroline and helen , a reminder of they absent father . * int . theater - night 114 * another theater , another city . Jenny , now in a fur steal , bask in yet another ecstatic response . barnum watch from the wing . then Jenny turn , extend a hand to he . barnum , self - conscious , walk out and join she , take she hand . they bow together , as the entire theater applaud . flashbulb pop , lighting they up together in the spotlight of fame . the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 81 . int . house - morning Charity , caroline , and helen eat breakfast . Charity open the newspaper and stop . there be a picture of barnum and Jenny together on stage -- bow , hold hand . 106 ext . train - night 106 the train whip through the countryside . int . train - night barnum sit next to Jenny , who look out the window . then she turn and catch he eye , offer a vulnerable smile . he smile back , reassure . Jenny close she eye , lean she head against he shoulder . barnum let she . charity and it's all a adventure that come with a breathtaking view walkin ' a tightrope with you - o0-00-00-00 with you-oo -o00-00-00 with you with you-oo -o00-00-00 with you with you 115 int . cincinnati HOTEL - suite - day 115 Jenny open a door and let barnum into she hotel suite . he sweep in as if walk on air -- high -spirite , elate . barnum good afternoon , miss lind . jenny Mr. barnum . do not be shy . come in . barnum I do not know if you would have a chance to see the review in today 's paper . he hold up a fold newspaper . she pluck it from he with a self - mock smile , turn and lead he to the live room . jenny oh , I never read review . barnum neither do I . and yet here we be . jenny here we be . do they have anything kind to say ? ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 82 . continued : 115 he pluck the paper back out of she hand , and read from it as Jenny sit on the couch and pour two glass of wine . barnum '' miss lind be a virtuoso ... the diva of she generation ... her beauty surpass only by she talent ... '' he smile , offer she the paper . she take it and scan it quickly . find something , she smile , read aloud . jenny '' in bring miss lind to we shore , we owe Mr. barnum we most humble gratitude . the erstwhile showman and one- time Prince of humbug have transformed himself into a patron of the art and a connoisseur of the high order . '' she look up -- happy for he . he 's a bit embarrassed by how much this anonymous praise mean to he . he shrug . barnum you dream and dream ... and one day it come true . it 's touch . he 's almost like a little boy . she stand and hand he a glass of wine . jenny it 's what you do . make dream come true . she clink he glass , take a sip . suddenly , he see where this be go . he waver -- tear between stay with she and leave . then he take a quick sip , check he watch . barnum well , two hour to curtain . I be due at the box office to go through receipt . jenny stay for a moment ? please ? I have be alone all day . she sit on the sofa primly . he relent and sit beside she . barnum of course . she look down , stare at she drink , and laugh to herself . barnum ( cont 'd ) what be you laugh at ? ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 83 . continued : ( 2 ) 115 she shake she head , keep she eye on the wine glass . jenny when I first meet you ? I do not know what to think . you be so ... unrefine . unembarrassed . so vital and unafraid . barnum and what do you think of I now ? she gaze down , unable to meet he eye . jenny you have surprised the world , Mr. barnum . and you have surprised I . she take he hand . he let she . quietly , she confess . jenny ( cont 'd ) you have take I in , steal my heart . you have become everything to I . she look up at he -- she be he . she lean toward he . there be no deny she beauty , or the emotion in she eye . all he have to do be lean forward . and for a moment , he be tempt . but then , just as it seem they will kiss ... barnum I must go home . he pull away , get to he foot . Jenny be stunne , mortify . jenny phineas -- barnum I have stay too long . I can not be away from my family anymore . I be waste my time here . he immediately know that come out wrong . Jenny turn away , stung . barnum backtrack quickly and nervously . barnum ( cont 'd ) what I mean to say be : Mr. bennett have the itinerary well in hand . I be not serve any real purpose here . I be go home tomorrow . please , tell I you 's 1ll go on without I . you must finish the tour . she look at he as if see he for the first time . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 84 . continued : ( 3 ) 115 jenny be that all ? do I mean nothing to you ? he can not answer . Jenny turn away , hide she hurt . jenny ( cont 'd ) of course . go home to you wife . barnum thank you , Jenny . thank you so much . he start to leave , then look at she . kindly , with regret . barnum ( cont 'd ) if I have misrepresent my intention toward you in any way , I be very sorry . she nod and turn toward he , put on a brave face . jenny you will come tonight , yes ? one last show ? barnum ( smile ) I would not miss it . barnum leave . Jenny watch the door , wiping away a single tear . her expression harden as she look in to the mirror . int . cincinnati theater - stage - night ( later ) 116 yet another audience be on its foot . Jenny take she bow . people in audience encore !!! Jenny find barnum in the wing and summon he out . he resist but she be insistent . finally he step out and bow with she . she take he hand and raise it with hers . a number of camera flash go off from the photographer position in front of the stage . Jenny take note of the photographer and then , suddenly grab barnum and kiss he full on the lip . in the darkness , the flash continue . barnum pull back in shock . she smile at he sadly . barnum what be that ?! jenny Goodbye . the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 85 . omitted 117 int . barnum 's museum - night the musical finale feature most of the oddity , include Tom , lettie , chang and eng , and the Lord of Leeds . they be join by Anne and some acrobat . they slowly become aware of a disturbance in the audience . protester # 1 shut it down ! shut it down ! in the back of the hall , a group of the protester we have see outside earlier be cause a disturbance . the oddity begin to falter , unsure of themselves . they look to the wing , where Phillip stand in barnum 's place . he nod , give they a reassure signal . the show must go on . protester # 2 you be all freak ! protester # 3 we do not want you freak show here ! protester # 4 go back where you belong ! on stage , the troupe stop . protester shout in unison : protester shut it down ! shut it down ! the whole show have be disrupt . Phillip leave the wing and wave protectively to the performer . phillip stand back ! stand back ! they retreat . he step forward , address the protester . phillip ( cont 'd ) gentleman , please -- either quiet down or I ’1ll have to ask you to leave . protester # 1 yeah , boy ? you gonna make we ? w.d. ( 0.c. ) no. JI will . Phillip turn to see w.d. , piss , come out and join he . on anne , clocking she brother 's defense of Phillip . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 86 . continued : protester # 1 , challenge , look to he confederate . in unison , they charge into the ring , attack w.d . he flatten the first protester with a right hook . the other jump he . w.d. take they all on , but he 's outnumber . Phillip throw himself into the fight , pull the protestor off w.d. a melee break out , w.d. and Phillip put up a good fight , but clearly outmatch . the audience cry out and retreat from the ring , clutching child protectively . the show be a shamble . the protester have succeed -- they shut the Circus down . feeling triumphant , they pump they fist and head to the exit , leave Phillip and w.d. batter but unbroken . they all retreat into -- the lobby area where the gang of protester suddenly stop , startled to see : a platoon of circus performers -- twenty strong at least , not just oddity , but juggler , acrobat . stand at the front , glaring , be lettie , Tom thumb , o’clancy , etc . lettie you boy do not like the circus ? ( deep voice ) we do not like you either . the performer attack . they outnumber the protester and , be circus performer , some of they be freakishly strong . in no time the gang be leave in a pile on the floor . tom thumb ( brandish he fist ) you want more of this , fella ? I get plenty to go around ! the protester scramble and quickly retreat . at the door , a beat protester see a oil lantern hang on the wall . he pick it up , turn , and throw it spitefully onto a bed of feed hay . the lantern break and the hay catch fire . it spread to curtain . suddenly , there be fire spread everywhere . the performer rush to try to put they out . the protester share a wick grin , retreat into the night . int . train platform - night 118 barnum step off the train , carry suitcase . he look around . no one greet he . then the crowd part , he see ... ( continued ) * 119-20 121 122 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 87 . continued : 118 Charity stand there . caroline and helen be with she . they look at he , tentative -- he 's almost a stranger . he put down he suitcase , go quickly to they and embrace she . the girl hug he too . he kiss she . she be surprised . charity so what make you come rush home all of a sudden ? barnum I miss you . she smile slyly -- affectionate , exasperate , suspicious . charity that sound a awful lot like humbug . omitted 119 - 20 ext . train station - night 121 barnum , Charity , caroline and helen step outside . caroline , a teen , be reserve . barnum hug she anyway , and smile . barnum ..- and how be you ballet go ? caroline we be practice every day now . the recital be next month . suddenly , a FIRE wagon race by . another soon follow . barnum turn , see a young policeman run up the street . barnum what 's go on ? policeman you place , Mr. barnum ... it 's burn down ! barnum turn to Charity and the Girls . he drop he suitcase and they all start to run . ext . barnum 's museum - night 122 the building be on fire . flame and smoke pour from the window . barnum and Charity and the Girls arrive as just Anne and w.d. emerge from the building , help usher out lettie , Tom thumb , chang , eng and the rest of the oddity . barnum where 's Phillip ? ( continued ) * the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 88 . 122 continued : 122 anne Inside ! the animal be still in cage ! barnum hear the panicked roar of a elephant . he turn and run into the building . w.d. and Anne follow he in . 123 int . barnum 's museum - night 123 the place be fill with smoke . barnum pass wax figure of napoleon , Marie antoinette , George Washington , all melting . barnum find Phillip at the elephant cage , struggle with a ring of skeleton key . he look up , see barnum approach . barnum thanks for look after thing ...! phillip I can not find the key ! barnum grab a ax and smashes the padlock . it bust open . barnum swing the cage door open and ... 124 ext . barnum '’s museum - back alley - night ( continuous ) 124 Eunice thunder into the alley , to safety . 125 int . barnum 's museum - night ( continuous ) 125 barnum , Phillip , and w.d. hurry to throw open the door to the horse stable . one by one , the horse bolt to safety . Anne open the lion 's cage . it roar at she fearsomely . she glare at it , raise a finger . the lion bow its head meekly . Anne wave she finger -- let 's go . they leave together . 126 ext . barnum 's museum - night 126 barnum , Phillip , and w.d. watch as the last horse exit the building . Phillip look , do not see anne. turn to barnum . phillip I be go to find Anne ! he run back into the building before barnum can stop he . the oddity take refuge at a distance . caroline glance over , notice lettie nursing a cut on she wrist . caroline lettie , you be hurt ... she take out a lace handkerchief , wrap it like a bandage . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 89 . 126 continued : 126 lettie no , do not ruin you ... but it 's too late . caroline tie off the handkerchief . lettie ( cont 'd ) you be a true beauty , kid . caroline so be you . they share a smile . a fire truck arrive . firemen jump from the truck . just then a section of the roof fall , send ember into the sky . the entire building be now engulfed in flame . Anne come out with the lion . a animal trainer quickly step up and lead the lion away . barnum rush up . * anne where 's Phillip ? barnum you do not see he ? Anne look back in panic . she start to run toward the building but barnum grab she . he hand she off to w.d . barnum ( cont 'd ) keep she here ! Anne struggle in w.d. 's arm , then collapse into he chest . Charity , caroline , and helen watch in horror and disbelief as * barnum turn and run back toward the burn building . fireman hey ! you can not go in there ! caroline daddy !!! she watch , terrify , as barnum run into the building . 127 int . barnum 's museum - continuous 127 barnum hold he shirt over he mouth , call out for Phillip as he move through the intense heat . a beam , engulf in flame , come crash down behind he . 128 129 130 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 90 . ext . barnum 's museum - continuous 128 Charity , caroline , helen , Anne , w.d. , and all of the oddity watch the building in silence , as the flame devour it . then , through the smoke , a figure ... barnum emerge carry Phillip , unconscious , in he arm . as soon as they be clear , barnum collapse to he knee , lay Phillip on the ground . Anne run to Phillip . Charity , caroline , and helen descend on barnum , hugging he . barnum I be okay ... I be okay ... he stand up , turn . his family gather around he , sombre . * the performer -- oddity ; acrobat ; trainer -- barnum 's * * whole work family , gather around he as well . together , they stand and watch as the building , he life 's work , burn up . * barnum turn to Charity . * barnum ( cont 'd ) take the girl home . it 's go to be a long night . Charity nod . barnum turn to see a team of firefighter lift Phillip 's limp body , carry he toward a fire truck ... int . hospital - night ( later ) 129 Phillip be laid into a hospital bed by two doctor . he be unconscious , dress in bandage . the room be large , with row of bed . as the doctor turn to leave , Anne step forward , at he side , look down , eye full of tear . a nurse ( white ) take she arm , try to usher she away . nurse miss ? you do not belong in here . Anne turn on she , knock she hand away . the nurse recoil . she see the hurt and anger in Anne 's eye . prim and disapprove , she turn -- hhhhh ! -- and bustles away . Anne turn back , sit down next to Phillip . his hand lie * open , as if reach out . she look around , self - conscious , then reach forward and take he hand . omitted 130 * 131 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft gl . ext . barnum 's museum — dawn 131 * burnt debris blanket the property . barnum survey the smoking shell of he building . barnum fall into a sit position , spend , gaze at the damage around he , devastate . behind he , a lone figure approach down the empty street -- roth . roth arrive to find barnum , dirty with soot , gaze at the ruin of he museum . barnum glance up , darkly . barnum if you be here to gloat , I would reconsider . roth take out a handkerchief and wipe down a char wooden chair before sit down beside barnum . roth Police catch the folk who start the fire . just think you have like to know . roth pull out a flask , offer it . barnum look at he , wary . roth ( cont 'd ) come on . you look like you could use it . barnum relent , take a swig . hand it back . roth smile , take another quick nip before he pocket the flask . roth ( cont 'd ) you will rebuild , I hope . barnum look at he , surprised . barnum you hate the circus . roth I do , at first . it 's everything a critic be suppose to hate -- big , obvious , enjoyable , fun ... but when they start protest ? I have to reconsider . ( point to ruin ) what be go on inside that four wall ...? be democracy at its finest . a celebration of humanity in every form -- big , small , bearded , whatever . and that scare people . that 's why they burn you down . it may not be art , and it 's definitely lowbrow . but it be not humbug . barnum smile , this be something he never expect to hear . ( continued ) + HH HH hk * 131 132 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 92 . continued : 131 barnum thank God for Jenny 's tour . I can borrow off that profit and rebuild -- roth the tour ? my God , you do not know ...? * roth reach into he bag and hand barnum a morning paper . roth ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I think you know ...! on the front page , a photo of the kiss be frame by a heart , as lurid as any modern tabloid . the headline read , '' barnum scandal ! Jenny lind quit U.S. Tour ! sail today for Sweden ! '' barnum 's face fall -- it 's he worst nightmare . ext . new york harbor - dock - day 132 a crowd of fan and PRESS have gather to see Jenny lind * depart . a line of porter ascend the gangplank onto a ocean * liner . Jenny sign a last autograph , smile for picture . * then she step onto the gangplank , follow the porter up . a * noise . she turn . it be barnum , run up the dock . * barnum stop ! stop ! stop right there ! he run up the gangplank to she . he be breathe hard , red - * face , furious . she be cool as ice . barnum ( cont 'd ) you can not leave . there be forty city leave in you tour . if you break we contract , I will sue you . I will sue you * for everything you be worth ! * jenny you have see the papers this morning ? barnum that have nothing to do with we contract ! jenny indeed , it do , Mr. barnum . we contract have a moral clause , which you have break with you reckless display . my reputation have suffer irreparable harm . you should be glad I be not suing you . on barnum , as he absorb the full extent of she calculation . the wind go out of he . he look up at she , go quiet . ( continued ) 132 133 134 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 93 . continued : 132 barnum Jenny , please . you can not leave . I risk everything on this tour . jenny as do I , phineas . it seem we both lose . there be terrible sadness in she eye . she turn to go . barnum Jenny . do not. I x11 lose the circus . * I ' 1l lose my home . you will ruin I . * jenny * maybe that 's what I want . * he be stunne by she cruelty . she see this and soften -- * look at he with hurt , regret , long , anger , spite . * jenny ( cont 'd ) when you be careless with other people , Mr. barnum , you bring ruin on yourself . then she turn , walk up the gang plank . he can not stop she . * int . new york bank - day 133 barnum burst in -- desperate , wild - eye . the banker look up calmly , unsurprise . barnum walk urgently toward he . bank president Mr. barnum . we have be expect you . barnum my house ... please . just give I a chance to raise the money elsewhere . bank president you be too late . we foreclose this morning . barnum be speechless . the banker be sad , sympathetic . banker if you gamble enough time , sir , you be fated one day to lose . ext . hallet 's house - day 134 barnum 's carriage pull up in front of the house . he get * out , see Charity carry a last suitcase into the house . he run after she , follow she up onto the front porch . ( continued ) 134 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 94 . continued : 134 barnum Charity ... charity I do not want to talk to you . barnum come on , Charity . nothing happen . as he get close , she throw the afternoon paper at he . charity oh , something happen . it 's on the front page of every paper in New York . barnum she orchestrate the photo so she could quit the tour . I be not in love with she . charity of course you be not ! not with she ! not with I ! not with anyone ! just you and you show . barnum be stung . she turn , eye brim with hurt . she gesture to the trunk and suitcase strewn on the lawn . charity ( cont 'd ) they evict we this morning . just show up and say we home be no longer ours . barnum I know . I just come from the bank . she start to cry . barnum be stricken to see she so hurt . charity why do not you tell I ? why do not you talk to I ? before risk everything ? barnum Charity , I will get the house back --... charity no! please ...! no more promise ...! ( shake she head ) I marry you . not the house . not the money . you . you see the magic in the world . I want to live in that world with you ... she look at he . her eye search he . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 95 . 134 continued : ( 2 ) 134 charity ( cont 'd ) you use to think you be not enough for I . remember ? now we be not enough for you . nothing be . she turn and enter the house , slam the door . barnum stare , for once he have nothing to say . music start under . 135 ext . STREET - bethel , ct . — dusk 135 barnum trudge up the road . he stop and look up at the family mansion , dark and desolate now , with a for sale . barnum I close my eye and I can see a girl be waiting here for I now I ’m all alone 136 int . barnum mansion - night 136 barnum stand in the vast empty house . he gaze around try to conjure a better reality . but he imagination be go . barnum through the dark through the door try to go back to before where it felt like home now I know that I 've be crazy now I know I 've lost my mind all these million of dream I chase be crazy you be more than a million dream combined barnum break down , start to sob . music end , and we ... fade out 137 int . the '' barnum arm '' - night 137 barnum sit alone at the bar , he hat in front of he beside he drink . he stare at memento on the wall , reminder of everything he 's lose . the door open and we see Tom thumb . tom thumb I figure you would end up here . he climb straight onto the bar and walk down it toward barnum , carry the '' Prince of humbug '' crown in he hand . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 96 . 137 continued : 137 barnum if you have come to get pay , I be sorry . the money 's go . all of it . tom thumb how ' bout you buy I a drink , and we will call it even ? he put the crown on barnum 's head and sit on barnum 's hat . barnum take off the crown , put it on the bar , gaze at it . tom thumb ( cont ’d ) lose you kingdom , huh ? barnum someone once say love you enemy -- because they will tell you the truth . tom thumb and what 's the truth ? barnum unfold a tribune with the barnum scandal headline . barnum that I be a fraud . a charlatan . coarse . vulgar . borderline criminal . tom thumb jeez . you say that like it 's a bad thing . barnum that 's the good part . underneath that ? I be nothing . barely human . a freak . hear that word , Tom smile , amused . he lean in . tom thumb ya know ? a very unwise man once say to I , '' be proud of who you be '' . barnum have to smile . Tom look up , wave , and call out . tom thumb ( cont ’d ) hey , I find he ! tolja he have be here ! barnum look down the bar and see lettie , chang and eng , Lord of Leeds , and other performer filing in . they be smile and relieved , happy to see barnum . Tom turn back . tom thumb ( cont ’d ) that 's right , barnum . you be a freak . a weirdo . you do not fit in . welcome to the human race . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 97 . 137 continued : ( 2 ) 137 the oddity crowd around barnum in a show of support and gratitude . Tom lean in , heat . all joke cease . tom my mother keep I lock in a back room for year ' cause she be ashamed of I . it be like that for all of we . but you push we in the spotlight . you tell the world storey that make they love we . you make we into a family . ( beat ) you humbug give we a home , barnum . and we want it back . barnum be deeply move . music play under as he look at Tom , determination spread across he face . you would better believe he will rebuild he circus . barnum begin to sing . barnum I saw the SUN begin to dim and felt that winter wind blow cold a man learn who be there for he when the glitter fade and the big top fold ' cause from that rubble what remains can only be what' true if all be lost there's more I gain ' cause it LED I back to you from now on these eye will not be blind by the light from now on what' waited ' til tomorrow start tonight and let this promise in I start like a anthem in my heart from now on from now on 138 ext . new york CITY - carriage - day 138 barnum ride north out of Manhattan in a carriage . barnum I drank champagne with king and queen the politician praised my name but that be someone else's dream the pitfall of the man I became for year and year I chase there cheer a crazy speed of always needing more the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 98 . 139 ext . hallet 's house - bethel , ct - day 139 barnum stand at a distance from the house , watch as Charity and they daughter head into she childhood home . barnum but when I stop and see you here I remember who all of this be for and from now on these eye will not be blind by the light from now on what' waited ' til tomorrow start tonight and let this promise in I start like a anthem in my heart from now on from now on the music quiet but continue under ... int . hospital room - day the dim , quiet hospital room . curtain draw . Phillip lie in bed , still unconscious . Anne sit next to he , bent over with exhaustion , head bow . but still hold he hand . in the background , doctor and nurse quietly do they round . close on -- his hand . gently , it twitches , grasp hers . she raise she head , disbely . she clutches he hand , squeezing ... he stir . then he eye open . he see she . phillip you be here . a tear fall down she cheek . anne '' here '' be where I belong . they share a tearful smile . a pass nurse notice he be awake and wave to other . a handful of doctor and nurse gather at the foot of the bed . she lean in and kiss he on the lip , unafraid and unashame . he wrap he arm around she , kissing she back . 140 int . charity 's house - bethel , ct . - day 140 the music rise briefly , but continue under as ... barnum stride up the front walk , in a mirror of the elopement scene . as he step onto the porch , Mr. hallett open the front door , look at barnum with wither disdain . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 99 . 140 continued : 140 barnum Mr. hallet , it seem I be the penniless bum you always say I be . but I be in love with you daughter , and if you do not mind , I like to see my wife . mr . hallett she 's not here . Mr. hallet move to close the door , but barnum stop he . barnum where be she ? mr . hallett she do not want to see you ! barnum where be she ?! hallett move again to shut the door . barnum block he . caroline ( 0.c . ) she 's at the beach ! they turn . caroline and helen be at the top of the stair . he smile . they smile back . he nod -- thank you ! -- turn ... 141 ext . beach - sunset - dusk 141 silence . Charity gaze out at the wintry surf . she look sad , lose , lonely . the beach be familiar , it 's where they play as kid . then something catch she eye . she turn . in the distance , barnum walk towards she . his stride be purposeful , but he be a man stripped bare . no cockiness or pride . no dazzle or glitz . he be a man at the end of a very long journey , whose prize be finally in sight . she 's take aback -- she 's never see he like this . as he draw closer , she can see the pain and sorrow in he eye . as they meet , he stop short -- not want to say the wrong thing . but he eye betray how desperately he want she back . barnum caroline be kind enough to tell I where you be . she nod but say nothing , watch he warily . barnum look away , vulnerable . he falter , search for the right word . ( continued ) 141 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 100 . continued : 141 barnum ( cont 'd ) I have bring hardship on myself , and * visit pain upon that I cherish most dearly . you warn I of my folly , and I * would not listen . music start under . he keep he eye avert , downcast . * barnum ( cont 'd ) if you have no warmth in you heart for I , say the word and I will never trouble you again . but if the case be otherwise , then you should know ... ( look at she ) ..- that I be yours , body and soul . it be you smile , you laughter , that have be my guide star . without it , the rest be dust and ash ... I know that now . her eye fill with tear . he look at she with yearn . barnum ( cont 'd ) for year and year I chase there cheer a crazy speed of always needing more he take she hand . she draw close to he . barnum ( cont 'd ) but when I stop and see you here I remember who all of this be for from now on , from now on Charity hug he , touch she forehead to he . a quiet moment . they be intimate again . he confess in a whisper . barnum ( cont 'd ) I want to be better than who I be . * and I lose my way ... * Charity reach for he face and lift it to face hers . charity I never want anything but you . the man * I fall in love with . * barnum 's eye fill with tear . he 's get she back . barnum that be the man I will be . from now on . * ( beat ) * Charity ... ( continued ) 141 142 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 101 . continued : ( 2 ) 141 charity stop sell already and kiss I . they kiss . ext . bank —- manhattan - day 142 barnum step out of the bank , loosen he tie . phillip ( 0.c. ) do they say no ? barnum look up to see Phillip , now fully recover , join he . barnum offer a small smile , glad to see he . barnum emphatically . repeatedly . ( shake he head ) I use to thrive on rejection -- educate man sit behind desk tell I what I can not do . but after twenty or thirty time , it start to wear a fellow down . he sit on the bank step -- wear out , lose hope . barnum ( cont 'd ) I do not think there 's a single sucker in this country that I can fool into give I money anymore . Phillip sit next to he -- calm and philosophical . phillip you know , barnum ? when I first meet you , I have a inheritance . I have acclaim . I have invitation to every party in town . and now , thanks to you , that 's go . barnum look at he -- where 's this go ? phillip ( cont 'd ) all that 's leave now be friendship , my love with Anne , and work I adore . so thanks a lot , barnum . ( turn serious ) you bring joy into my life , where there be none before . it 's the one thing you be good at . barnum yes , unfortunately , bank do not accept joy as collateral . ( continued ) the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 102 . 142 continued : 142 phillip still , there 's a few sucker out there . barnum look at he -- what do that mean ? Phillip grin . phillip ( cont 'd ) I own ten percent of the show , remember ? I have be take my cut every week . if it help , I have get about twelve thousand stashed away . barnum look at Phillip , surprised . he grin . barnum but I can not let you gamble it all on I . phillip come on . have there ever be a man in this country who 's create so much out of sheer imagination ? it 's not a gamble . barnum smile . Phillip put out he hand . barnum partner ? beat . barnum take he hand , and they shake . they stand up . phillip you know it 's not enough to buy a new building ... barnum oh , we do not need a building ! I can get land down by the dock for nothing ! what we really need be a tent ! a big one ! colorful and festive ! that will make you stop and want to see what 's inside ...! Phillip grin . as they walk off , barnum put he arm around he , spin he latest vision . barnum ( cont 'd ) .+.- the great thing about a tent be when you be do with it , you take it down , pack it up , take it on the road ! do not you see ? with a tent we can go anywhere ! why , the world itself become we home ! phillip it 's good to have you back , pt . prelap : Music . * +e * hf the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 103. 143 ext . brooklyn riverbank - day 143 a sledgehammer hit a metal stake , drive it deep into the ground . we widen to find dozen of worker across the field . barnum pitch in , sleeve roll , honest sweat on he brow . Phillip pick up a sledgehammer and join the other . oddity & worker from now on barnum these eye will not be blind by the light oddity & worker from now on barnum what' waited ' til tomorrow start tonight barnum ( cont 'd ) freak and let the promise in I ah start like a anthem in my heart ah oddity & barnum from now on , from now on barnum freak from now on and we will come back home again from now on and we will come back home again from now on and we will come back home again barnum and we will come back home again music end . 144 ext . brooklyn riverbank - day 144 Phillip and Anne be marry on a Sunday morning . except for * w.d. , both family have boycott the ceremony . * but the bride and groom be surround by they adopt family of circus performer , with caroline and helen as flower girl , and barnum and Charity bear witness . the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 104 . 145 ext . brooklyn riverbank - dusk 145 the glorious tent , the first , be pitch and ready to go . the attraction be all here , as well as dozen of animal and trainers , and other crew . the anticipation be palpable . the sun set and dozen of carbon arc lamp blast on , bathing the circus in a warm glow . we CUT to : 146 ext . brooklyn riverbank - dusk ( later ) 146 barnum stand watch as , in the distance , crowd stream into the tent . Phillip walk up , join he . barnum turn . barnum I have a job for you . phillip I think I have a job . barnum the circus have three ring now . there 's a lot happen . we need a master of ceremony to guide the audience . he take off he top hat , hand it over . a drum begin under . * barnum ( cont 'd ) congratulation . you be the ringmaster . phillip but I be not a performer . barnum everyone 's get a act , Mr. carlyle . Phillip smile , recalling the first word Anne say to he . barnum ( cont 'd ) I would do it myself , but I plan to be busy . phillip do what ? barnum watch my girl grow up . 147 int . circus tent - dusk 147 we return to barnum 's reverie from the open of the movie : barnum gaze at the crowd , take in the joy and excitement * all around he . SOUND fade . in a wistful moment , he sing * to himself about the long road it take to get here . * ( continued ) 147 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 105 . continued : 147 barnum if it weren't for the darkness that fall every night how would we know that the SUN give US light barnum watch proudly as Phillip put on he top hat , then step into the ring -- the new ringmaster . SOUND return . * barnum check he pocket watch , then turn . Eunice , the elephant , be hold by a trainer at the edge of the tent . ext . fifth avenue - dusk barnum ride Eunice down fifth Avenue , draw stare and gawker . kide run along side , thrilled to see a elephant . ext . metropolitan museum of art - dusk Charity , caroline , and helen wait on the step of the met. caroline wear a tutu under she coat . around they , Parents * and young ballerinas climb the stair and stream into the museum entrance . a small banner read , '' Metropolitan annual ballet recital '' . Charity check a distant tower clock . * helen see something , point . they all react with disbelief . * angle -- barnum ride Eunice up towards the met step . barnum we'd never lose our way if we didn't dare to roam to wander from the path be how you know you 're home * helen giggle . Charity smile , shake she head . caroline hide she face in she hand , but she be laugh -- she have accept barnum for who he be , grand gesture and all . int . circus tent - dusk * Phillip stand in the center ring and gaze in wonder as the * circus go full throttle all around he . he turn to Anne and sing . she smile affectionately at she new husband . % phillip * you make I real * make I feel I ’m alive * anne * love can reveal * every reason to survive * he put a arm around she . she wrap she arm around he . * 148 the greatest showman on Earth 4/20/15 draft 106 . ext . metropolitan museum of art - dusk barnum slide down Eunice 's trunk , hand a leash to a startle young valet . he stride up to he family . barnum without you all the riches in the world add up to none without you all the thing we love to do aren't half as fun they hug he , then turn and sing together . all all the wonder in the world and the one we've yet to view wouldn't be so wonderful if it weren't for you barnum , he arm around he wife and daughter , turn and walk up the Museum step together . ext . circus tent - night ( 2015 ) 148 the Big top , light within , stand on the Brooklyn shore . music play under as we hear the crowd applaud inside the tent . we crane up , rise high , as firework explode across sky , we circle around to see the across the river be the contemporary skyline of Manhattan . barnum 's legacy still stand -- more than a century later -- as the greatest show on Earth . fade to black title card : '' the noblest art be that of make other happy '' -- P. T. barnum * + h hk