the gift by billy Bob thornton & Tom epperson revise September 7 . 1999 fade in : ext . pratt elementary school - afternoon it 's a one - story structure of yellow brick . School have let out , and kid be head home , on foot , on bike , in yellow bus , and in the car of they mom . the camera move in on two brother , mike , 11 , and miller , seven . with they be a pudgy boy and a big - for -his - age boy of Mike 's age , and a bespectacled little boy of Miller 's age . as they approach the street , a student crossing guard or " patrol boy " lower a cane pole with a red flag attach to stop a car or two . bespectacled little boy ( as they walk across the street ) when I get in sixth grade , I be gonna be a patrol boy . miller I too . big -for-his -age - boy I could be one if I want to , but I do not want to . pudgy boy you do not make good enough grade to be one ... big -for-his -age - boy shit on you , Tommy , you do not know shit . mike ( end the matter ) patrol boy be all queer . ext . a STREET - a little later - afternoon the boy be walk down a quiet residential street . it 's spring in the little Arkansas town of parker ( pop. 9,567 ) . the tree be full of tender green leave , bush blossom and flower bed be crowded with bright flower . the big-for-his - age boy give Tommy the pudgy boy a " watch this " nudge in the rib . big -for-his - age boy stanley know what " fuck " mean - do not you , stanley ? stanley ( bespectacled little boy ) yeah . it mean fartin ' in the bathtub and swallowin' the bubbles . the big-for-his - age boy and Tommy laugh and give each other a high five . mike it do not mean that , stanley . Paul Dean 's just playin’ with you . miller what do it mean ? mike you be too little to know . the boy be walk through a intersection of two quiet street at the top of a hill . now Paul Dean stop , look down the street to the right , and point at a modest one - story house of red brick , which have a couple of car park out front . paul dean ( big - for -his - age boy ) do you know a witch life in that house right there ? she put hexes on people and turn some of them into pig and dog ! miller we mama be not no witch ! mike ( he face darken ) Miller , you keep walkin’ . paul dean y'all 's mama 's the witch ? man ! tommy that 's weird . dang , do she turn people into pig and thang for real ? paul dean ( to Mike ) that 's why you never tell we where you live , ' cause you mama 's a - Mike pop Paul Dean a good one right in the eye and then pounce on he . Tommy jump in , and the three of they roll around fight in the street . Miller and stanley be look on wide - eye . Mike 's anger be great , and he 's get the better of the two boy . a car top the hill , barely see the boy in time , screech and swerve and honk . a old woman and a three - year- old boy come out in the yard close to the boy . it 's Mike and Miller 's young brother , BEN , and he babysitter mrs . francis . BEN Mike ! Mrs. Francis head toward the house next door : the brick house of the " witch . " mrs . francis ( screeching ) Annie ! Annie , come out , Mike 's fightin’ in the street ! the main entrance to the house be of for of a carport where a old oldsmobile cutlass be park . after a moment , the door and the screen door open , and out come annie wilson . the screen door bang shut behind she as Annie , early 30' , hurry across the fragrant green grass toward the street . she 's wear a simple loose pastel - pink dress , and white sock and tennis shoe . she 's extremely lovely . annie Mike ! Mike , you get up from there , mister , right now ! Annie arrive at the street and reach into the snarling , cussing , thrashing mass of boy , and pull Mike up by the arm . annie what do you mean , Mike ? y'all could have be run over ! miller the boy call you a witch , mama , and Mike beat them up . annie you boy go on home now . Mike , you know I have get appointment to see in there . now you go get Ben from miz Francis and watch he till I be through . Mike , wiping he slightly bleed mouth off with the back of he arm , trudge off toward Ben and Mrs. Francis as Paul Dean and Tommy , cow by the appearance of the " witch , " start off down the street with much mutter and many a backward glance . but stanley remain stand near Miller , and gaze up at Annie with he bespectacle , owl - like eye . stanley you do not look like no witch . Witches be ugly . Annie manage a slight smile . annie you better get home , darlin’ . Miller , go help you brother with ben. and take out the trash too , honey . and feed butch . my appointment be over at 5:30 , and I will get y'all something from dairy Queen . Annie head back to she house , where a middle - age black woman have come out on the carport . black woman everything all right ? annie I think my son play soldier a little too often . now the black woman open up she huge purse , and begin to search through it a little dubiously . annie dorothy , I know you get a check comin ' the first of the month . we will settle up then . dorothy ( black woman ) ( relieved ) you sure , miss Annie ? annie ( as she open the door to go back inside ) I be sure . int . house - live room - afternoon Annie enter . the place be modestly furnish but neat as a pin . a coffee table be laden with magazine , as in a doctor 's wait room . a middle - age woman sit on a sofa by the coffee table look through a magazine with a movie star on the cover . in a chair sit a lanky man in overall , who be sheepishly look at the floor . he look like heckyl or jecky ! with alfalfa 's haircut , and be miss every other tooth . on the floor beside he be a basket of rosy , down - cover peach . annie cornelius , I be ready for you now . cornelius rise , without look at Annie . cornelius okay , miss Annie . annie pretty peach . cornelius yes mar 'am . stare at the floor , cornelius follow Annie down a narrow hallway to a room at its end . int . bedroom -reading room - afternoon Annie and cornelius enter , Annie close the door behind they . the room be all in blue - blue wall , blue curtain , blue bedspread , blue everything . it be a calm and soothing room . they sit down across from each other at a little desk . on the desk be a deck of small card , which Annie begin to shuffle . the card have be shuffle so many time that they have a tissue paper delicacy . annie how have you be , cornelius ? cornelius oh , pretty good I reckon . Annie divide the card out into three stack . they be esp card , with four different symbol on they : a cross , a square , a circle , and four wavy line . during this scene Annie 's constantly reshuffling and divide the card into stack , concentrate on they the whole time . annie have you have a health problem since I see you last ? cornelius be very shy , and never make eye contact with Annie . cornelius ma'am ? annie have you be sick ? cornelius my back 's be hurtin’ a little . annie no , it 's not you back . have you be bleed somewhere ? cornelius yes mar 'am . a little . annie have you be to a doctor ? cornelius I do not much like goin’ to no doctor . annie well , I think maybe you should go . it 's not a veneral disease , I think it 's just same kind of kidney or bladder infection . but it 's be around for a while . it can lead to more serious problem . a baffle look have appear on cornelius 's face - this be all go way over he heckyl - jeckyl head . annie you be bleed when you urinate , be not you ? cornelius grapples with the word " urinate . " annie ( gently ) when you go to the bathroom . cornelius ( bright red ) yes mar 'am . annie do not be embarrassed . it happen to lot of people . with you history you should be happy it 's not a sexually transmit disease . cornelius turn redder . annie would you like I to call a doctor for you ? cornelius allright . annie ( after some shuffle and study of the card ) have you lose one of you girlfriend this week ? cornelius yes mar 'am . Ruth Allen go back to she husband . annie you should not fool with marry woman out there in lonsville , that old man out there be crazy . you will get yourself shot . cornelius ( alarmed ) do you see that in the card ? annie no , that 's just common sense . ( pause ) how many woman be you see now ? cornelius not quite so many as I be a while back . I be kindly scared of havin ' any more childern . my pension check be just all eat up with payin’ off for they four childern already . annie ( patiently ) how many be you see ? cornelius ( think ) I reckon somewhere right about two dozen off and on . but some of ‘em 's kinda puny and cai not carry on too regular . annie cornelius , it do not take esp to tell you , you should not be see over 20 woman at once . cornelius I just cai not help myself , miss Annie . I be just gear up that way . Annie smile a little , continue shuffle the card ... int . kitchen and live room - night Annie 's clear up the remnant of the dairy Queen meal . she look tired . in the b.g. , the boy watch tv in the live room , the two young one on the floor in pajamas . Mike in a armchair , stare at the tv but not really pay attention . Annie finish up dump the white sack in the trash and wiping off the table , and now walk to she boy . annie you kid get on to bed now , it 's nearly nine . miller aw mama , can not we stay up just a little bit ? annie you hear I , mister . Miller get up reluctantly . he see that Ben 's fall asleep , and he pick he up and begin to lug he out . but as Miller reach the hallway , he stop . miller mama , what do " fuck " mean ? annie ( take it in stride ) it 's a bad word for something nice . miller but what do it mean ? annie it mean make love . that 's how you daddy and I make you brother and you . this seem to satisfy Miller , and he go off down the hall with Ben . Annie , a neatness freak , have begin straighten up the live room . Mike 's still in the armchair . annie Mike , do you hear I ? mike what ? annie get ready for bed . Mike get up and begin drag out of the room . annie Mike , you lip 's draggin’ the floor - it 's gonna freeze like that if you be not careful . mike you act like I be a kid . annie you be a kid , honey . I will come say good night in a few minute . Mike depart as Annie clean . int . anniee bedroom - night Annie , in a flannel nightgown , sit at she little desk shuffle and divide she card into stack . she be read for herself . she look sad and lonely , alone in she blue room . after a minute , she set the card aside , get up , and go to she dresser . she pull open a drawer , then take out a frame photograph : it show a smile , handsome young man in a navy uniform . she look at it for a moment , then gently touch the man 's face . Annie smile sadly , and turn off the light . int . and ext . anniee cutlass - day Annie 's drive down the street - the radio 's on a country station . as she make a right turn into the post office , the driver 's - side door suddenly fly open . annie ( pull the door shut ) damn - Annie hold on to the door till she 's in a parking space - then she look at the door , sigh , and cut the engine . ext . a auto repair shop - day as Annie 's cutlass turn into the parking lot , the door fly open again . Annie park the car and get out . a man in he 30' , moustach , baseball - cap , blue -jeane , and t-shirt , come out of the garage to greet she . man ( look glad to see she ) hey , miz Wilson , how be you gettin ' along today ? annie pretty good , buddy , except for the fact I can not keep my car door from flyin ' open . have you get time to fix it ? buddy ( man ) ( take a look at the door ) I can get around to it in a hour or two . do you want to wait ? annie I have get to get home . I have get people comin’ . buddy well , just leave it and I will carry you home . I can bring it to you probably by six . that all right ? annie yeah , that 's fine . ( embarrassed ) listen , buddy , I be a little low on money this week , can you - buddy you stop that . you know you be not gotta pay I . annie I feel bad about - buddy I say you stop it now . as much as you have - well , you know . at first we have get the feel that buddy 's attract to Annie , but now we realize something different 's at work : buddy 's look at she as if she 's a goddess or angel . buddy I just think the world of you . well , you be about the only one I can call a friend to I . he blushes . buddy I will get the truck . int . and ext . tow truck , moving down a STREET - day buddy be drive Annie home . Annie look caringly at buddy . annie how have you be , buddy ? really . buddy ( slowly ) well , I have some bad thought . it 's hard to concentrate on anything . but yesterday I feel happy . I do not even feel like I need my medicine , but I take it anyway . I think I might be hook on it , sorta . annie you be gonna have a lot of happy day . you be gonna get better and better . buddy well , I hope . I believe you when you tell I . they fall silent . buddy 's mood seem sad and dark and sweet . but then , as they drive , he begin to get tense . he shift in he seat , and grip the steering wheel tighter and tighter . after a while he start to shake , and then he make low moaning sound . annie buddy ? buddy suddenly whip the truck off the street , bounce it over a curb and across the sidewalk and half into somebody 's front yard , where he stop it with a lurch . annie buddy , what 's wrong ? buddy turn to Annie , there be tear in he eye . buddy you have to tell I ! you have to tell I now ! if you do not I will have to kill myself before the sun go down . annie calm down , buddy , it 's all right . I will tell you , honey . buddy ( slowly and intensely ) if I look into a blue diamond , and think a negative think - will I die ? annie ( take he hand ) no , buddy , you will not die . you will not die , hun . buddy thank you . ' Cause if you would say yes , I would have to kill myself before sundown . annie you do not have to kill yourself , buddy . everything 's gonna be fine . I will always tell you . I promise I will always tell you . buddy lay he head on the steering wheal and cry , as Annie gently rub he back . in the b.g. , in the house they be in front of , we see a little girl peer curiously out through the curtain at the tow truck on she front lawn ... int . annie be " blue " room - afternoon the window be open in Annie 's bedroom - read room , and the diaphanous blue curtain be a luminous tangle of sun and breeze . Annie be shuffle and study she card at she little table . sitting across from she be a woman in she mid 30' . she 's wear blue jeans and dark glass . she 's pretty , and would be prettier except for a hair - do that do not quite work , and the fact that she lip be swollen and blue . annie anita , you may as well take the glass off , I know he 's be hit you again . I see you lip . anita I know , it just embarrass I . annie it 's okay . anita remove the glass - the flesh around she eye be a rich and sicken configuration of black and blue and yellow . she stop herself . anita he 's get worse . I go to the store yesterday ' cause we be out of some thing , and he get bone from work before I get back . he be waitin’ with a razor strap . my leg be all cut up . I have get welt the size of football on my back and leg . annie I feel guilty you pay I money to tell you to get away from he . it do not take esp to tell you that . you have to get help . legal help . anita you just do not know donnie barksdale , Annie . he will kill I if I leave he . he will find I , he say he would . annie he 's not crazy enough to kill anybody . he 's just a insecure redneck . anita ( beginning to cry ) you just do not know . I have see he - annie what ? anita he 's just crazy . crazier than you know . annie ( study the card ) I really feel he will not kill you . he 's too interested in himself to jeopardize he own life . anita I think he 's get a woman on the side . he 's be layin ' out at night . there 's a knock at the door , and then it 's push open by Mrs. Francis , the old lady babysitter . mrs . francis honey , the school 's on the phone . they say Mike 's get in some trouble . int . pratt elementary school - afternoon Annie come through the front entrance , walk quickly down the empty hall . int . principal be office - afternoon Annie appear at the open door of the office . stand against one wall be a miniature basketball goal , and on the principal 's desk be a miniature basketball . wayne pullman , in he 30' , good - look and fit , wear a short - sleeve white shirt and a colorful tie , look up from some paperwork . wayne ( get up and shake Annie 's hand ) hi , Mrs. Wilson , have a seat . annie ( look around ) where 's Mike ? wayne in the infirmary . ( as Annie look alarmed ) now it 's nothing to get work up about , he 's just get a few nick and bruise - and I think he will probably have a pretty good shiner by tomorrow . Annie sink down in a hard wooden chair in front of the desk , look discourage . annie he be in another fight ? wayne yeah . Wayne sit down on the edge of he desk , look at Annie . his demeanor 's professional , but still there 's something that let we know he think Annie 's a mighty attractive woman . wayne his grade be get worse too . how 's he doin’ at home ? annie not much better . he 's real distant . wayne ( hesitantly ) Mrs. Wilson , I do not pretend to be a psychologist - but it 's obvious to I you boy 's get a lot of anger in he . annie ( after a pause ) it 's about this time last year he father pass away . he 's still real mess up over it . wayne ( gently ) I never meet you husband , but I understand he be a fine man . annie ( calmly ) yes - he be . there 's a silence - Wayne move on . wayne I do not know how you feel about therapy , but I know a good one in Little rock . if you think Mike need someone to talk to , I could set up a appointment and - annie Mike do not need a therapist - he can talk to I . wayne do you think he will though ? there 's a knock on the door frame - Annie and Wayne look and see : a beautiful woman stand in the doorway . she 's in she middle 20' , have long lustrous hair and long leg and she shapely body be sheathed in strike and obviously expensive clothes . young woman I be sorry , Wayne , I do not know you have somebody in here . that old lady be not at she desk . wayne Ruby 's out sick - Wayne look acutely uncomfortable as the woman walk in and give he a kiss on the cheek . wayne Mrs. Wilson , this be jessica King , my fiancée . jessie , this be Annie Wilson . annie ( as they shake hand ) Nice to meet you . jessica ( young woman ) ( look she over ) you too . wayne ( to jessica ) I will be do in a minute - annie ( stand up ) I gotta go anyway , I get people wait . should I take Mike home ? wayne yeah , that might be best . I will show you where the infirmary 's at . jessica ( put a restrain hand on he arm ) you just go out the hall and it 's to the leave , you can not miss it ( brightly ) I have my first period there . annie ( move toward the door ) thanks a lot , Mr. pullman . I be sorry about all this . wayne it 's my job . he 's just a boy , that 's all . jessica you be not that Wilson that 's a fortune taller , be you ? annie ( pause at the door ; a bit wary ) I do not call myself that . jessica I would love for you to read my fortune . annie I be pretty book up ... jessica so do you think we will live happily ever after ? jessica have grab Wayne 's arm , it 's like she 's pose with Wayne for a picture . Annie obviously want to disengage as fast as she can - but now , as she look at the two , a odd look appear in she eye . for a long moment , she stare at they . jessica ( suddenly chill ) what 's the matter ? you see something bad ? now Annie seem to shake herself ever so slightly , as though come back to herself . annie ( softly ) ' course not . I be sure y'all will be real happy together . Annie move to the door and , after give they a final glance , shut it behind she . jessica smile , try to shrug off she momentary unease . jessica she 's kind of pretty ... in a country sort of way - do not you think ? wayne you should not have say that stuff about she bein’ a fortuneteller . sometimes you do not have any tact , jessie . you embarrass I . jessica she do not care . what be you defendin ' she for anyway ? wayne I be not defend she . jessica anyhow , I have to meet daddy for lunch at the country club. ( move into he arm ) I have only get a few minute , let 's have a quickie . wayne jessie , I can not do that . you be gonna get I fire - jessica ( kissing he neck ) come on , principal , get you britches down . Bend I over you desk like you do all this little 10 - year-old . I will let you paddle I . jessica slide she hand down to Wayne 's crotch . Wayne start to simile . wayne God damn you , jessie ... suddenly Wayne push jessica away , and move to the door . he lock it - then turn and look back at jessica . jessica smile - pick up the miniature basketball from the desk . jessica think I can ... " put it in the hole " ? she toss the ball towards the miniature goal . it bounce off the rim . she shrug , then look back at Wayne . jessica ( softly ) you try ... Wayne move across the office towards jessica , bend she back over he desk , wedge himself between she leg , kissing she ferociously ... int . hallway and boy ' bedroom at anniee house - night Annie , in she nightgown , stand at the doorway of she son 's bedroom . anniee Pov : her three son asleep . Miller and Ben be in one bed , Mike in another . a lamp on a table between the bed be still on . Mike 's sport he new black eye . a book be lie open across he chest . Annie come in quietly , pick up the book . it 's a small photo album , turn to a page of picture of Mike and he father at a zoo . Annie put the book on a shelf , and turn off the light . as she move back out into the hall towards she bedroom , she 's startle by a sharp knock at the front door . int . live room - night Annie move into the live room . she turn on the outside light and unlock the door . there 's a chain on it , and she open the door a couple of inch and peer out . anniee Pov : a man about 35 in blue jeans and cowboy shirt . annie could I do something for you ? man ( politely ) yes mar 'am , I be donnie barksdale . I be sorry to bother you so late , but I believe you know my wife anita . annie ( coldly ) yes I do . I know who you be . donnie ( man ) can I come in and talk to you , it 's about my wife something 's happen to she . annie ( alarmed ) what 's happen ? be she okay ? donnie well no , she 's not , mar 'am . Annie still make no move to open the door . donnie ma'am , I promise I will just take a minute . Annie reluctantly relent , unhook the chain . she step back a little as donnie barksdale come in . he 's a big man with broad shoulder and a rough but not unhandsome face . Annie stand there in she nightgown , vary of he . he 's smile a little , look she up and down . donnie ( with quiet venom ) what 's happen to she be she 's gettin’ she head fill full of shit by a goddamn Satan worshipper or a damn good con artist , one of the two . I know she 's be comin ' over to see you and you damn voodoo . you tell she bad thing about I , do not you ? you be not no better than a Jew or a nigger . he reach in he pocket and pull out a cute squat little figure with long green hair - a child 's toy , a '' troll doll . " he hold it up in front of she . donnie you know what this be ? it 's a voodoo doll . I be gonna use this voodoo doll on you . some of you own medicine , if you do not stop seein ' my wife . I be stickin ' I a pin in this thing ever ' night till you learn to leave folk alone . he look at something behind Annie . Annie turn , and see she three kid , sleepy - eye and frighten , stand in they pajamas all in a row . annie you kid go back to bed . everything 's all right . donnie I bet you love that little childern , do not you ? I bet they need they mama , do not they ? annie ( with cold fury ) you get you ass out of my house and do not you threaten I or my kid . you can whack you wife around but I be not afraid of the like of you . what I do be my business and if you wife have any sense she will leave you so far behind you will never find she . now get out of here before I get you throw in jail . donnie start for the door , grin . just before he close the door , he turn . donnie messin 's with the devil will get you burn . everybody know that . I will see you soon , boy . now he leave - and Annie hurry to lock the door behind he . Mike and Miller stare at they mom , bewilder and scared - but Ben have a mild look on he face . BEN mama , can I have a troll doll ? ext . back yard of anniee house - day OPEN on BEN , play with butch , a rather mean-look bulldog who be tethere to a tree by a long chain . another angle show we Annie , hang she wash on a clothes line . it 's a beautiful mild spring day . only a drift white cloud or two interrupt the sky 's blueness . Annie , humming to herself , she and she wash drench in sunlight , hold a clothes pin in she mouth as she hang a sheet . suddenly a look of astonishment appear on Annie 's face . a old woman ina gingham dress and a sun bonnet be walk towards she across the yard carry a basket of fruit . now the old woman reach Annie . under the shadow of the bonnet , Annie can see the old woman 's clear blue smile eye regard she . annie ( in a awed whisper ) granny ? granny , what be you do here ? granny hey Annie Bell . I bring you some persimmon , hun . some of them 's kindly rotten though . you will have to pick through them . remember how much you like persimmon when you be little ? annie granny ... be that really you ? granny well of course it 's I , child . annie but granny , you be - Annie stop herself . annie you be not suppose to be here . how do you get here ? granny oh , it be not fer to walk . Annie stand there look at the old woman , incredible love in she eye . she start to cry softly . granny that boy 's get you granddad 's eye . Annie look over at Ben , who 's still absorb in play with the dog . now the old woman smile , and brushes the hair off Annie 's forehead . granny well , hun , I better start back . it look like they 's a storm comin’ . annie no , granny , it 's clear . but then suddenly the sunlight vanish as a giant shadow cover the back yard . Annie look up , and see black surreal - look cloud move swiftly across the sky . and now a wind kick up , and the clothes on the line blow all around they . Annie take a few frighten step backwards , look up at the sky and then at she grandmother . lightn flash and there 's a crack of thunder , and leave and small branch rip loose from tree be fly past Annie , and now the old woman , the sheet swirl around she , shout above the wind : granny Annie , always use you instinct ! and the old woman smile at Annie out of the swirl sheet , and the wind 's blow harder and the ominous blue-black cloud be whipping faster and faster above Annie 's head and then suddenly : the wind stop . granny be go . the white sheet be hang limply in the sunlight . Annie look over at Ben . he 's still play happily with butch , who 's emit a few gruff , half - heart bark as he chase Ben around . Annie , daze , look up at the sky . it be blue and bright ... fade out fade in : int . live room and hallway of anniee house - day Ben be on the floor , half watch a cartoon on television , half play with he new family of troll doll . a couple of rather over -dress , over -stuffed , and over - rouged and - powdered lady be wait for reading , leaf through magazine . Miller , kneel on some newspaper a few foot from Ben at the beginning of the hallway , have a can of paint and a paint brush , and be painting the wall maroon . now Ben look around at the woman with he face scrunch up . BEN somethin 's smell like cat pee . miller ( in a loud half - whisper ) that 's perfume , Ben . and you be not suppose to cuss in front of the pointment . int . anniee blue room - day Annie be read for anita barksdale . anita he be serious when he come over here the other night . he will hurt you too . I think maybe you should start readin ' for I someplace else . out on a road somewhere . up under a bridge or somethin’ . annie I be not worried about I , I can take care of myself . you have to start listen to nme though - anita I can not leave he , do not you understand ? annie he 's gonna keep hurtin you till he put you in the hospital - anita Annie , I just do not have a thing to look forward to , you have just gotta give I some hope - annie anita , I do not know how to make myself any clearer . you only hope be to there 's the sudden sound of the front door slamming , and then : donnie ( 0.s. ) ( bellow ) anita ! Annie and anita look at each other , they blood run cold . anita oh my god , he 's here ! Annie start to get up from the table . annie just settle down , anita , I will call the law . they hear cowboy boot clomping down the hall , and donnie scream anita' name again . anita ( desperately ) if you be my friend you will not , Annie ! and now the nightmare that be donnie barksdale burst through the door . his face be red and disfigure with rage . donnie ( to Annie ) I will handle you later on you goddamn bitch ! you goddamn witch ! ( to anita ) get you whimperin ' ass up from there , anita , and get in the truck ! that be not fast enough ! donnie grab anita by the hair and yank she out of the chair . the little table 's knock over , Annie 's card flutter and fly . and now donnie barksdale drag he wife out of the room by she hair . int . hallway and live room - day donnie drag anita down the hallway , anita scream at the top of she lung and donnie cursing she . now Annie come out of she room after they . annie you let she go ! as donnie pass Miller he kick over he paint bucket , and anita be drag through the paint , leave a smeary maroon trail as they pass into the live room before the horrify eye of Annie 's son and the two wait lady . Annie , run down into the hallway after they , slip in the paint and fall , and by the time she 's up donnie have drag he wife out the door . Annie move into the live room , she white outfit stain with the maroon paint , and as she reach the door she hear a truck start up and screech away . now the older and heavier of the two lady close she magazine and stand up . lady ( politely ) miz Wilson , would you like I to come back some other time ? ext . parker country club - night it 's a few day later . a Ford saturn pull into the parking lot , and Annie and she friend linda get out . the country Club 's in the middle of the wood a few mile outside of town . there 's a glow blue empty swim pool , a couple of tennis court , a golf course somewhere out there in the dark , and a one -story brick restaurant - bar-rec-room building , from which the throbbing sound of some 7u' rock song be drift out . Annie take it all in , obviously for the first time , as they move toward the entrance of the building . this be a Annie we have not see before : in a sedate way , she 's dress to kill , ina modestly cut yellow chiffon dress that flow loosely around she body , and brand - new yellow match pump . annie I do not know why I let you talk I into this . linda ' Cause it 's time you quit livin’ like a nun . Linda light up a cigarette . she have bleach - blonde poof - up hair and long paint nail , and be wear a black satin dress with red sequin , cut low enough to reveal a bosom that jiggle as she walk . linda ( not kid ) do not worry , darlin’ , you will be the prettiest girl here next to I . int . country club - night Annie and Linda sit at a table near a dance floor , Annie nursing a glass of wine , Linda , enwreathe in tobacco smoke , belting down bourbon . a middle - aged rock group with a enormously fat lead singer be play on a small stage . the dance floor be crowded with the parker elite , nicely dress people range in age from 20 - something to 60 - something . linda ( grab Annie 's arm ) Annie , there he be ! annie who ? linda that man I be tellin’ you about . ( point ) by the bar . do not he look exactly like George clooney ? now Annie see " GEORGE " - lean on the bar , talk to the bartender . at best , he might resemble George clooney on he worst ... no , not even then ... but he be reasonably tall , dark , and handsome ; now he happen to glance up and see Linda point at he . he smile . linda ( jerk she hand down ) oh my god he see I . Annie , get you card out quick , see if he 's gonna come over here . annie Linda , we will know in a minute - linda but I can not stand the suspense . annie I do not have my card with I anyway - I be off - duty tonight . now Annie 's gaze drift back to the dancer . anniee Pov : mike' principal , wayne pulman , dancing with jessica king . Wayne 's a okay dancer , jessica 's spectacular . she look spectacular too , in a black strapless stretch lycra dress , black hose , black shoe - she shiny hair cascade across she bare shoulder . the song end , and Wayne and jessica move off the dance floor . now Wayne see Annie , smile . wayne hello . annie hi . linda ( still engross in " George " ) Wayne , sit down , you be blockin ' my view . wayne sorry . ( as he and jessica sit down ; to Annie ) you remember jessica - jessica ( with she bright smile ) hi , Annie . I do not know you be a member of the country Club . annie I be not . I just kinda tag along with Linda . jessica how nice ... that 's a great outfit . so ... demure . wayne what 's Mike up to tonight ? annie mopin ' around at he babysitter 's . a tall man of 50 ir wayne yeah ? you know , I be thinkin ' about Mike just today , I - jessica ( wearily ) please do not talk shop tonight , Wayne . let 's just have fun - in a extremely nice suit come up to the table . tall man ( to jessica ) how about a dance for daddy ? jessica ( arise with a smile ) course I will , handsome . wayne Mr. King , I do not know if you have meet Annie Wilson - mr . king ( tall man ) ( shaking Annie 's hand ) I think I have see you in church . annie I have see you too . mr . king ( as he take he daughter out to the dance floor ) that 's quite a dress , Linda . linda ( vindicate ) I be glad somebody notice . wayne ( to Annie - with a nod toward the dance floor ) wanna give it a try ? annie ( mildly panicked ) I do not think so . wayne l ask you to dance , not walk on hot coal . when be the last time you dance ? annie awhile ... but ... linda I will dance . it 's all probably part of a ploy to make " George " jealous - Linda pop up out of she chair and grab Wayne 's hand . Wayne look over he shoulder at Annie and give a little shrug as Linda lead he away . Annie 's leave alone at the table - but only momentarily . she look up - not too far up - and see stand at she side a young man who could not be older than 20 or taller than five foot six . he ' a grin at she , a-tingle with testosteron . young man so ... ( shoot he cuff ) what do ya say ? dissolve to : the band , a little later . the enormously for at lead singer and he middle - age bandmate have don dark suit and sunglass and be do a blue Brothers number . on annie and linda , watching . Linda finish off she fourth or fifth bourbon , then pointedly tap Annie 's scarcely touch glass of wine . linda darlin’ , if you do not drink it it 's gonna evaporate . ( suddenly freezing ) oh my god . here he come . Annie look and see " George " make he way across the room toward they . linda Annie , what will I say ? annie ( soothingly ) just be yourself ... " George " reach they table - smile down at , to Annie 's horror , Annie . " GEORGE " ( in a deep , resonant voice ) hi. I be Eric utman . annie I be Annie , and this be my friend Linda . linda ( all but bat she eye ) hello , Eric . Eric give Linda a perfunctory nod . eric ( " GEORGE " ) hi. ( return he attention to Annie ) I manage the restaurant here . I do not believe I have see you here before . - linda she 's my guest . I be here all the time . poor thing , she hardly ever leave the house . she 's get three kid to take care of . the oldest one 's 11 . ( patting Annie 's hand sympathetically ) sometimes we be a lot older than we look , be not we , Annie ? eric I love kid . Annie suddenly stand up , put a firm hand on Eric 's big shoulder and push he down into a chair . annie Eric , why do not you just sit yourself down , while I go lookin’ for the lady 's room . linda ( shoot Annie a grateful look ) it 's on the other side of the band down that little hallway . ( as Annie move away ) take you time ! - ( to Eric , who 's wonder how Annie get away ) now where would you get that tie ? on annie , move past the band . she reach the indicate hallway , go down it . she see a door that say " women' locker room . " a bit uncertainly , she enter . int . women' locker room - night Annie see a row of locker and wooden bench along one wall , and another run down the middle of the room , and toilet facility and a shower room directly in front of she . no one else be around . she move forward ; but as she pass the row of locker in the middle , she hear a woman laugh . anniee Pov : at the far end of the room , jessica , pressed up against a locker by a handsome young blond man . Annie stare transfix as the blond man pull down the top of jessica 's dress , begin to kiss she breast . but then , as though the man sense some third presence , he begin to look up - Annie step back quickly out of sight . blond man ( 0.s. ) somebody might come in . jessica ( o.s. ) then you better fuck I fast ... int . hallway - night Annie , look somewhat shake at what she 's see , come back out . two woman walk past she , go into a room at the end of the hallway - the lady ' room . Annie follow ... ext . the country club - night Annie come out , seek fresh air . she 's at the back of the building - a cover wooden walkway run along its side . a short distance away be the wood . after a few moment Annie see , at the other end of the walkway , lean on the railing and drink a beer , Wayne . Annie hesitates , undecided about whether to make she presence know - but the decision 's make for she when Wayne look in she direction , give she a rather forlorn wave . Annie walk to he . wayne havin ' a good time ? Annie nod , unconvincingly . wayne ( with a little laugh ) I neither ... I have just come to the conclusion that I be not the country Club type . annie I be sure not . wayne see jessica around ? annie ( after a pause ) no ... wayne she up and disappear on I . she 's get a way of doin’ that . Wayne , obviously a little drunk , take a pull on he beer . wayne what do you think of jessica ? annie she 's very ... beautiful . wayne the main thing about jessie be - she 's so full of life . sometimes I do not think I really measure up in that department . annie I think you do . I know it . wayne ( look at she curiously ) what do you mean you " know " ? you mean like in a esp kinda way ? annie ( after a pause ) you do not believe in it ... wayne ( with a shrug ) I just do not think there be any great mystery in life . I kinda figure what you see be what you get . ( pause ) you wanna sit down ? annie okay . they move over to some wooden step a few foot away and sit down . Wayne fish in a pocket for he cigarettes , light up . Annie take off she shoe , rub she foot . annie ( ruefully ) I be use to tennie shoe .- for a few moment they sit in silence , face the dark mass of the wood . star glitter above they . the air be a-throb with the sound of frog and cricket - Annie 's listen to they . annie this remind I of when I be a kid - sittin 's out a the well , and thinkin’ so many thought you could not count ‘em . wayne where would you grow up ? annie this t-tiny town call Alpine . only have about a hundred people ( with a smile ) we be probably the last folk in Arkansas without indoor plumbin’ . wayne how would you wind up in parker ? annie my husband get a job here ... out at the cable plant ... wayne ( after a pause ) do you - " know " - that something be gonna happen to you husband ? annie ( quietly ) I do not know there be gonna be a explosion . but the night before , I have bad dream . I dream ... that I be all by myself ... that Ben be not around anymore . I try to talk he out of goin 's in to work the next day , but - ( pause ) you kind of remind I of he . not the way you look . just you manner . Wayne , look at Annie , take a last drag on he cigarette , flick it out into the grass . annie Wayne ? wayne yeah ? annie ( softly ; meaning it ) lookin 's at this tree and this star - listenin’ to this sound - how can you think life 's not a mystery ? they look at each other - there 's a silence - it 's not exactly a pre-kiss moment , but ... footstep begin to clop they way down the wooden walkway . it 's jessica . jessica Wayne ? I have be lookin , for you everywhere . wayne I have be right here . jessica ( she gaze take in Annie ) isee . Annie inspect jessica : there 's a post - sex flush to she cheek , brightness in she eye . Wayne begin to stand up , and jessica grab he hand . jessica come on , let 's go talk to daddy . he 's feelin’ depressed tonight , that big deal he be workin ' on go bad - Wayne exchange a last look with Annie before be drag away by jessica . Annie put she shoe back on ; but she do not get up - keep sit there . she look at the orange glow in the grass of Wayne 's discard cigarette - then she gaze into the tree . pull back from annie on the step , alone with the tree and cricket and frog and star , with the mystery ... ext . mrs . francis ' and anniee house - night Annie , back from she country Club adventure , have fetch she kid . Mrs. Francis stand in the doorway wave , there be ad - libbed good - by . now Annie 's move with she son across the yard to she house . Miller 's walk alongside Annie , Mike 's trail , with Ben asleep in he arm . Miller turn the pocket of he pants inside out , and crumb and chunks of something spill out onto the grass . annie what 's that ? miller blueberry muffins . annie what be you doin ' with blueberry muffins in you pocket ? miller miz Francis cook be . annie okay . but why be they in you pocket ? miller they be in my pocket ' ause I put ‘em there when she be not lookin 's so I would not have to eat ‘em . her blueberry muffins be terrible , mama ! annie ( laugh ) be terrible , honey . she ruffle Miller 's hair then kiss the top of he head . Mike watch , look a bit jealous . they move into the carport . Annie go in she purse for she key . mike mama , look . anniee Pov : in the kitchen window , there's a strange faint blue glow . annie ( quietly ) y'all wait here . int . live room , kitchen , and hallway - night Annie come in , turn on the light . she move slowly into the kitchen , which be fill with a bluish glow . she look toward the stove . anniee Pov : four blue ring of claw -like FIRE . bewildere , Annie move to the stove , turn the burner off . now she come back out into the live room ... turn the light in the hallway on ... move down it . when she reach the boy ' bedroom , she turn on the light , peer in . there 's a baseball bat lie against the wall near the door , and Annie take it . now she move on down the hall towards she close bedroom door . she reach it ... turn the knob ... then , bat at the ready , throw it open , step through , and turn on the light . int . the blue room - night Annie 's stare at something in disbelief . annie be Pov : on her table , he card have very carefully be laid out , in a arrangement that spell : satan numbly , Annie look around the room . the only other area that 's amiss be the dresser , where a pair of she panty be drape over a photograph frame . she move to the dresser , pick up the panty ... then something about they make she drop they in sudden disgust . now she see that the picture of she husband be miss from the photograph frame . mike ( o.s . ) mama ? she look around and see Mike and he two brother stand fearfully in the doorway , stare at the table . mike be everything okay ? annie ( put the bat down ) everything 's fine . as she pass the table she obliterate the word there by quickly sweeping she card up into a pile . then , ushere she son out , she shut the door . ext . anniee house - morning a police car be park in the driveway . now the front door open , and Annie come walk out with a skinny policeman , officer efird . officer efird ( as they move to he car ) I would put a dead bolt on that back door , I figure that 's where he get in . I have a burglar myself a couple year back , he - annie I tell you , it be not a burglar . ( pause ) it be a man name donnie barksdale . officer efird ( surprised ) donnie ? annie you know he ? officer efird I go squirrel huntin ' with he . what make you think donnie would bust into you house ? annie his wife 's one of my ... client . he think I be try to break up they marriage . officer efird be you ? Annie do not reply . Officer efird climb into he car . officer efird well , I think you be barkin ' up the wrong tree with donnie . he 's a little high -spirite , but ... ( start up the car ) thanks for the coffee . Annie , look frustrated , watch the cop back he car out of the driveway . as he head of for down the street , he meet a tow truck drive by buddy Cole , the auto repair guy who fix Annie 's car door . buddy pull into the driveway , smile at Annie , who force a smile back ... int . anniee blue room - morning Annie 's read for buddy . buddy I just can not get through a wall of some kind in my head . or my soul . sometimes I do not know the difference between my head and my soul . annie I think everybody have that trouble , buddy . ( study the card ) you daddy take thing away from you when you be little , do not he ? buddy yes mar 'am . if he see I havin ' a good time with somethin’ , a toy or somethin’ , he I d take it away from I . annie do he take other thing away from you ? not toy . ( buddy be silent ) you have to find out why you hate he so much , buddy . buddy daddy 's a good man . I do not hate he . he 's good to mama and I . ever 's kid need hit with a belt sometimes . annie buddy , try to get past that wall you talk about . you need to talk about you daddy . buddy you tell my why I hate he ! you be the goddamn psychic ! ( take a deep breath , try to calm down ) I be sorry . I do not mean to yell at you . ( start to cry ) please help I feel better . they pill be not really doin ' I much good - and I keep thinkin’ about the blue diamond ... annie I think when you remember some thing about you childhood and you can face up to they , you will feel better . buddy do you know thing , you do not tell I ? for just a moment , Annie hesitates ... annie I tell you , buddy . but I just think you need to think about thing on you own . buddy ihave a hard time concentratin ' on anything . annie ( with a sigh ) so do I , buddy ... int . live room - later that day Miller and Ben be sit on the floor , where Miller 's attempt to teach Ben to play checker . the phone ring . Annie enter from the kitchen , look weary , as Ban throw a checker across the room . annie Miller , Ben 's too little to understand checker - ( pick up the phone ) hello ? donnie ( v.o. ) you like what I do to you panty ? do you lick it off ? as she hear the voice of donnie barksdale , Annie 's heart , figuratively speak , stop . donnie ( v.o. ) you ever see anybody skin a squirrel ? you stick a knife in its belly , and - zip ? well , that 's what I be gonna do to you and you childern if you call the police again - Annie abruptly hang up ... stare at she kid , obliviously play ... int . anniee blue room .- that night Annie 's lie in bed under the cover in she nightgown , read . mike ( o.s. ) mama ? Annie look over ... see Mike stand in the doorway in he pajamas . annie how come you be not asleep ? mike I do not know . Annie notice Mike be look at the baseball bat lean on the wall beside she bed . annie do not worry , honey - just go back to bed . but something else be on he mind . mike mama ? how come we never go out to the cemetery and see daddy ? annie we go out there just last month - on he birthday . ( pause ) I have just be so busy - mike seem like you have time for a lot of stranger . annie if you be talkin’ about my appointment , they be not stranger and they put food on we table . Annie go back to she book - but Mike keep stand there . mike mama ? annie Mike , I be tryin to read . a fleeting look of bitterness and hurt cross Mike 's face . after a moment , he disappear from the doorway . as soon as he do so , Annie glance toward the doorway , then lay she book down on she chest , and stare at the ceiling ... dissolve to : anniee room , later that night the light 's off . Annie 's asleep . the camera move in close on Annie I a face . she stir in she sleep a little , sigh ... and then suddenly : hand be wrapped around her throat . Annie be eye pop open , she be choke , she can I t make a sound , she can see above she the dark bulk of a man straddle and strangling she , one of she hand grope frantically for the baseball bat , find it , but before she can swing it it 's no longer a bat but a : thick , twisting snake . she drop it . the snake writhes as it fall . on the floor : the bat land with a clatter . on annie , the hand no longer at she throat . she lunge for the lamp , turn it on . she 's alone in the room . she look down at the bat on the floor , and then at the clock on the bedside table . it say : 1:28 . slowly realize this have just be some sort of dream or vision , and leave the light on , she lie back in she bed , pull the cover up to she chin and settling in for the long wait to the dawn ... ext . parker first methodist church - day follow the Sunday service , churchgoer be spilling out of the church and down the broad concrete step , Annie and she son among they . Annie look exhaust . at the bottom of the step they pass near Annie 's friend Linda , who 's talk to a couple of other woman . now Linda see Annie and head for she , a urgent look on she face . linda ( as though impart a state secret ) Annie , I know why Kenneth King be not in church today ! annie ( truly and deeply not caring ) why ? linda his daughter 's disappear . annie ( surprised ) jessica ? ( to she kid ) y 'all run on to the car , I will be there in a minute . when they be out of earshot , Annie turn back to Linda , who 's lighting up a cigarette , and be ripe as a tick with she gossip . annie what do you mean she 's disappear ? linda well , Kenneth wake up this mornin’ and jessica be not there and she bed have not be sleep in . so he call over to Wayne pullman 's lookin’ for she , but Wayne have not see she since last night . now Kenneth and Wayne be out combin ' the county lookin’ for she . Annie , you think she run off ? I know she and Wayne be suppose to be marry in June , maybe she get cold foot - it be as though a shadow move across Annie 's face . annie maybe ... linda maybe this will clear the way for you and Wayne - . annie what be you talkin’ about ? linda I see the way y'all be lookin’ at each other Friday night - y'all both just have star in you eye - annie Linda , that 's nut - linda Annie , love be nut . ( give she the once - over as she take a drag on she cigarette ) you look just terrible , darlin’ , you oughta get more rest ... int . anniee kitchen - late afternoon Annie 's at the counter , mixing some cake mix in a big blue bowl . at the same time , she 's gaze with a troubled expression at the front page of the parker Daily record . there 's a photograph of jessica King , underneath a big headline that say : search goe on for FOURTH day for parker woman authorities " fear foul play " behind Annie , Ben be sit on the kitchen table , digging he hand into a can of pillsbury frosting , put some into he mouth and the rest into he hair . now Annie turn and see he . annie ( rush to he ) Ben , get you hand outa there ! that 's for y'all 's cake tonight . now what a I gonna ice the cake with ? BEN 1 like it . I like icin ' , mama . annie ( clean he up ) I can see that , honey . ext . back yard - late afternoon Miller 's play with he dog . Annie open the screen door , at the same time go into she purse for money . annie Miller , come here a minute ! go down to the store and get another can of icin’ . ext . STREET in front of anniee house - late afternoon Miller come walk out from around the house , head off down the sidewalk . now the camera move in the opposite direction from Miller , to show , about a block down the street , a park pickup truck , a couple of man inside . ext . another STREET - late afternoon on miller , walk . behind Miller , we see the pickup truck turn a corner , move slowly up the street . when it get alongside Miller , we see donnie barksdale , he arm hang out the window . driving be a young , fatter , less -handsome version of donnie , he brother jed . donnie ( with a friendly smile ) where ya goin’ , son ? Miller stop and look at donnie - he recognize he - he 's afraid , but try not to let it show . miller store . donnie hop in and we will give yaa ride . Miller shake he head , resume walk . the truck creep along beside he . donnie I get a question for you . you know my wife , anita ? she be around to see you mama lately ? ( Miller keep walk ) hey boy ! I ask you a question . Miller stop again , turn to face the truck . donnie you know , I feel real sorry for you and you brother - I mean you mama bein ' a witch and all . if she do not stop she evil way , someday somebody 's gonna burn 'or up - and then you boy be gonna be leave without a daddy or a mama - a tow truck , with a car hitched on , have top a hill in front of they . now it brake to a quick stop in front of the pickup , and buddy Cole get out . he move toward Miller , take in the terrify look on he face , and casting a suspicious look at the man in the truck . buddy Miller , you okay ? miller ( try not to burst into tear ) he say mama 's a witch and they be gonna burn ‘er up ! a strange smile come to buddy 's face as he turn and look at donnie . buddy oh , he do ... ? donnie ( warningly ) buddy , you better mind you own bidness ... buddy J intend to , donnie . buddy walk back to he truck , open the door of the cab , reach in and withdraw a tire iron , and walk back towards the pickup . buddy stand back , Miller ... buddy lift the tire iron above he head , and smashes it into the pickup 's windshield . there follow a frenzy of grunting and smash as the windshield shatter and shower donnie and he cring brother with chunks and fragment of glitter glass . on miller , look on wide - eye at the violence . donnie reach in the glove compartment , pull out a .38 revolver , stick it out the window at buddy . donnie ( to get he attention ) cocksucker ! buddy look at donnie and the gun , panting , a wild look in he eye - then he walk over to donnie , bend over a little , and press he forehead against the barrel of the pistol . buddy ( grin ) shoot I . shoot I , motherfucker . shoot I . donnie 's brother jed have have enough - as he knock some glass off he lap : jed he 's crazy - he throw he pickup into reverse , back up so he can get around buddy 's truck , then take off down the street . buddy , with a certain amount of satisfaction , watch then go - but when he turn back to Miller ... Miller 's run back down the sidewalk , hellbent for home . buddy ( shouting after he ) Miller ? but Miller do not slow or look back . a downcast look appear on buddy 's face . now he notice a old man who 's come out on the front porch of he house and be observe he and he tire iron . buddy what the hell you lookin ' at ? the man scuttle back inside , as buddy walk slowly back to he truck ... int . anniee kitchen - evening Annie and she son sit around the kitchen table . they have finish supper , and be eat frostingless cake . fork clink against saucer in the silence . Ben cram a chunk of cake into he mouth with he hand . BEN I want icin’ , mama . annie honey , you have have icin , enough to put you in a coma . Annie glance with concern at Miller , who 's poke listlessly at he cake . annie from now on , y'all gotta start stickin ' close to home . I want to know where y'all be every minute of the day . Mike , I be gonna start drivin 's you and Miller to school - miller ( quietly ) I wish daddy be here . annie ( gently but firmly ) he 's not , hun - but I be - and I be gonna look out for y'all . the phone ring . Annie get up and answer it . annie hello ? ( surprised ) Mr. King ... any news on - ? yeah , I will be here all evening . ( puzzle ) but - why do the sheriff want to see I ? int . anniee live room - night Three man sit uncomfortably on Annie 's couch ; Wayne pullman and Kenneth King , who both look pale and awful , and sheriff pearl johnson , who 's a big tall man in he 50' with a full head of silvery hair . Annie 's sit across from they . sheriff johnson miz Wilson , I do not believe in what you do , I will just be straight with you . not only that , I do not like it . I believe it go agin the good Lord . but we have get to the end of the road in we investigation , we have look under ever ' rock there be to look under , and we would like you to tell we what you can to help we . not no hocus pocus or chantin ' and carryin ' on , but we know you talk to a lot of folk around here and know a lot of folk 's bidness . you mighta hear somethin’ or somethin’ . mr . king the only thing we know be , one of sheriff Johnson 's man find she car sittin’ out on the parkin ' lot of that honkytonk call pee jay' - but nobody that be there Saturday night admit to havin ' see she . ( greatly agitate ) I be afraid somebody kidnap she or - or - annie I do not know anything about you daughter 's disappearance , Mr. King . Wayne , I be sorry about what 's happen . I know you must be go through a hard time . wayne we all be . be not there anything you can tell we ? I be gonna lose my mind if I do not - Wayne break off , distraught . annie I can read for you . that 's all I can do . sheriff johnson well if you want to call it readin’ that 's fine . just start talkin’ . annie that 's not really how it work - sheriff johnson I tell you I do not want any of that hocus pocus - mr. king God damn it , Pearl , I be a deacon in the church ! I do not believe it either but I be ready to try anything . sheriff johnson suit yourself . let 's get it over with . int . anniee blue room - night Annie sit at she table , shuffle she card . Mr. King sit across from she , while Wayne and sheriff Johnson stand behind he . it 's a small space for so many big man . Annie look ill at ease as she start spread she card out on the table . annie when be you get marry , Wayne ? sheriff johnson we be not get time for no small talk . annie this be not small talk . wayne in June . sheriff johnson we be suppose to ask the question , not you . wayne please , Pearl - mr . king shut up , Pearl , god damn it ! annie ( take a deep breath ) ihave a hard time concentrate with more than one person in the room . sheriff johnson I be stayin ' right here . I be the law and I need to hear this . mr . king please , mar 'am , just tell we what you see there . annie ( after a moment ) the only thing I be pick up be a fence . a long white fence around a pasture . mr. king be she there ? annie ( after a moment ) that 's all I see . you see it do not work like - sheriff johnson you know how many white fence and pasture they be in this county ? annie do jessica have some dog she might have take with she ? mr . king the dog be all at home . we have get two poodle and a little old fat beagle . but no , they be home . annie no , they be not poodle or beagle - sheriff johnson this be just mish mash . I tell you this would not lead to nothin’ . annie ( upset ) you be right ! it will not . I can not concentrate today . I can not do this now . Annie gather she card back up , then look apologetically at Wayne and Mr. King . annie I be sorry , Wayne . Mr. King , I hope you find you daughter . I be not the person to help you on this . dissolve to : ext . somewhere out in the country - night we see a desert two - lane blacktop road . along one side of the road be a huge pasture and a long white fence . now Annie come walk slowly up the road . she 's in she flannel nightgown , and be barefoot , and look bewilder . a uncanniness and surrealness about the scene let we know that this be anniee dream . Annie climb over the white fence , walk across the lush grass of the pasture . and now ahead of she she see , glimmer in the starlight , a pond . she reach the pond , begin to walk around its bank , eying it warily . there 's the croaking of a myriad frog . a snake wriggle across the pond 's smooth surface , make ripple of starlight . Annie come upon what appear to be a old telephone pole , lie flat at the top of the bank . as she step over it to take a closer look , she slip , and take a tumble down the bank . she slide into the shallow water at the edge of the pond . as she try to escape the water and the weed and the mucky bottom and climb back up the bank , she hand touch something . she pick up one end of a log chain . it 's lie half in and half out of the water . it 's muddy and have weed in the link . now she hear a engine , and headlight flare across the pond . she reach the top of the bank and see , head across the pasture toward she , a four-wheel - drive truck . besides the headlight , there be a row of square amber light across the top of the cab . Annie turn and run toward some nearby wood . the truck follow , bounce over a hillock , pick up speed . annie. reach the wood . the truck go right into the wood after she , snap down small pine tree . Annie run through the dark tree . she reach a thick briar patch and plunge in and hide there . her nightgown be tear and she skin be rip and bleed from the thorns . Annie watch the truck with its probing headlight and its cold row of amber light - it move slowly through the wood like a tiger look for she . when it 's out of sight , she get up and run out of the briar in the opposite direction . now , in the dark and tangle distance of the wood , Annie hear the faint sound of a fiddle be play - it 's the kind of fiddling you might have hear during the day of the Civil War . as Annie continue on , the SOUND get louder , and now we hear a voice yell : voice here Bell ! oh Bell ! here buster ! oh buster ! Annie come upon a skinny curly -haired man sit on a stump play the fiddle and occasionally loudly whistling . now the man see Annie . curly-haired man ( still fiddling ) ai not that a pretty sound ? annie you play very pretty . curly-haired man ( as he stop fiddling ) aw , not that sound . the sound of they bluetick hound of mine . smiling , he cock he head in a listen posture - and now Annie hear it too : the distant , lonesome howling of hound . curly -haired man it 's the prettiest sound in the world . make I cry . they usually come runnin , when I fiddle but tonight 's different . they be astray . Annie look around at the dark tree with a sudden surge of panic . annie do you know a way out of here ? CUT to : int . anniee blue room ..- night Annie , lie in bed , awake with a start . the bedroom 's dark . she look over at the luminous face of the clock on the bedside table . it say : 1:28 . int . bathroom - night Annie , at the sink , stand in she nightgown splash water on she face . she turn the water off - look into she own eye in the medicine cabinet mirror . ext . back yard - night Annie push open the screen door , move down the step and out into the yard . she have a robe on over she nightgown , and be sip a glass of milk . the night be still . the sky be clear , and hold a big white moon . cricket chirrup softly . under the big oak tree , the bulldog butch be sleep half in and half out of he doghouse . he open he eye and lift he head as Annie wander he way . now he stand up , and move on he bow leg towards she . Annie lean down , scratch butch behind he ear . out of the clear sky , a drop of water splashes the back of Annie 's hand . Annie look up . about 20 foot above she head , among the branch of the oak tree , float the body of jessica King . it be nude and bloat and wet and ghastly and white in the moonlight . a log chain be wrap around it . jessica 's beautiful hair float around she head , and she body bump gently against the branch as though move by the undulation of unseen current . her eye be open , and as empty as anything you will ever see . Annie 's behold this in sheer terror . now butch whimper , jump up and put he pawn on she . Annie look down , step back and push butch away . when she look up again , there be nothing in the tree that should not be there : only branch and leave , which stir and sigh a little as a breeze come up ... int . parker CITY hall - sheriff' office - day Pearl Johnson 's tiny office have big glass window through which he can keep a eye on the activity in the outer office . right now , Johnson 's sit with he cowboyboot foot up on he desk , smoking a cigar , and skeptically eying Annie , who 's sit across from he . sheriff johnson so you see all this in a dream . annie it be not just a dream . sheriff johnson I do not investigate somebody 's dream . annie I think she 's dead , sheriff . and I think she 's in the pond . sheriff johnson ( narrowing he eye shrewdly at Annie ) what do you know about this thing that you be not tellin ' I ? you can get in serious trouble for withholdin ' information . annie do it sound like a place you know ? sheriff johnson a bunch of place I know . a white fence , a pasture , a pond , a of ' - wheel drive . ever 's raw - bone ol ' boy in the county 's get that . annie what about the fiddler and the dog ? Pearl take a pensive puff on he cigar . sheriff johnson well , ol ' Tommy Lee ballard play a fiddle and have a bunch of old dog out on the ridge road , but he would not kill nobody . I have know he since he be a kid . annie no , it 's not the fiddler . who be he neighbor ? sheriff johnson well , he close neighbor would be , let 's see here , I guess , well , he property border on donnie barksdale 's place . Annie 's face go white - she sit silently . sheriff johnson do you know donnie barksdale ? ( pause ) be you all right ? ma'am ? ext . two - lane blacktop road out in the country afternoon the countryside be green and serene . the only sound be birdsong . but now a sheriff 's Department car suddenly top a roll hill , follow quickly by another sheriff 's Department car , this one towing a trailer with a small boat on it . int . the first car - afternoon Pearl Johnson 's drive , Kenneth King 's sit beside he , with Annie and Wayne in the back seat . Annie 's look out the window tensely . Wayne , look sick , stare at nothing . sheriff johnson ( to Mr. King ) I think you and Wayne comin ' along 's a bad idea - mr . king ( ignore he ) you do get a search warrant , do not you ? I want everything to be legal and proper . sheriff johnson do not have to . I get permission from the owner . mr . king ( incredulous ) donnie barksdale give he permission to - ? sheriff johnson his wife do . I just tell she it be routine , we be checkin’ all the pond in the county . ( with a wry smile ) donnie 's go fishin ' today . and now , as they round a curve , Annie see it : the big green pasture and the long white fence of she dream . at the end of the fence there 's a dirt road and a tin mailbox label " barksdale . " the two car save the blacktop and turn onto the road . ext . donnie barksdale's pond - afternoon the boat , a couple of man in it , be very slowly motor back and forth across the pond - a small winch be at the back of the boat , with a taut nylon rope run from it into the water . Wayne and Mr. King stand together on the bank , watch the boat . Pearl Johnson 's talk to one of he deputy . the sheriff 's relighting a half - smoke cigar - he 's get one foot up on a old telephone pole . now he look over at Annie , who 's stand nearby . sheriff johnson you sure you be not never be out here before ? annie no sir , I have not . the pond be exactly the place of Annie 's dream . one of the men in the boat Pearl ! we get somethin'l the man cut the motor , and start cranking up the rope . all eye be on the pond . Annie glance over at Wayne and Mr. King . Mr. King put he hand on Wayne 's shoulder . now , out at the boat , at the end of the rope , a six - footlong metal bar break the water . affix to the bar be a row of gigantic gleam hook . entangle in the hook be man in boat it 's a old bicycle ! as the man haul into the boat the twisted , slime - cover bike , everyone sag visibly with relief . now Wayne move away from the pond , lean against the sheriff 's car , and go in he pocket for he cigarettes . close on wayne , as he try to light up . the lighter be shaking violently in he hand . now another hand come into frame , steady he hand . Wayne nod he thanks to Annie . he take a long drag on he cigarette . wayne that day at school ? you look kinda strange at I and jessie . do you think something ' bad then ? annie ( at a loss ) Wayne , I - there 's the SOUND of a engine . Annie turn and see , bounce down the rutte dirt road that lead to the pond , a four- wheel - drive truck , a unlit row of square amber light across the top of the cab . the truck come to a halt , and out of it jump donnie barksdale . donnie head toward sheriff Johnson , blood in he eye . his wife anita timorously follow , she face mark with the sign of a fresh beat . donnie Pearl , god damn it , what be you doin ' on my property ? sheriff johnson ( stand he ground ) I be here on sheriff 's bidness . I get permission from you wife . donnie you think I let that damn little ninnie talk for I ? sheriff johnson how would you arm get all scratch up ? donnie glance at the three angry red furrow on he leave forearm . donnie ( after a moment ) stray cat . it do not like it when I kilt it . anita 's spot Annie , still stand with Wayne by the sheriff 's car . anita Annie ... what be you doin , here ? Annie move toward anita . annie anita , I be sorry - I never mean to cause you any trouble - now donnie 's gaze at Annie with a look that be truly frightening . donnie ( one notch above a whisper ) I orta know it be you ... and before anyone can stop he , donnie walk quickly towards Annie and slap she hard across the face . the blow knock she down . Wayne lunge past she and deck donnie with a tremendous punch in the mouth . donnie spend a moment shaking off , the cobweb and surprise - but when he start to get up to go after Wayne , he suddenly find himself look down the gleam barrel of Pearl 's nine millimeter . sheriff johnson I be on County bidness , donnie - do not play with I . man in boat Pearl ! hey , Pearl ! all eye move once again to the pond , where the man in the boat have cut the motor , and be slowly cranking up a new catch out of the murky green water . Wayne 's help Annie back up - now he hand find hers , squeeze it hard . Kenneth King 's breathe become labor . sheriff Johnson puff furiously on he cigar . and then it break the surface : bloat and white in the late- afternoon light , long hair limp and stream ... wrap in a chain ... man in boat ( cover he nose with a rag ) it 's she ! a low animal moan issue from Wayne , and he sink to he knee . Pearl Johnson take the cigar out of he mouth . anita look at she husband in bewilderment . anita donnie ? Kenneth King struggle down the bank , and begin to wade out in the water towards the boat . mr. king get that hook out of my baby ! get she off of they hook ! sheriff johnson ( to a deputy , in regards to donnie ) watch he - the sheriff go into the pond after Kenneth King . Wayne 's bury he face in Annie 's skirt . wayne help I ... wake I up ... Pearl wrestle Mr. King back to the bank - where King collapse , fight for breath . sheriff johnson ( shouting to one of he deputy ) get a ambulance ! I think he 's havin’ a heart attack ! the deputy run past Annie to one of the car . Annie 's hold Wayne 's head , tear stream down she face . she look over at donnie barksdale . he 's fix she with a look of pure hatred . voice what the hell be goin ' on here ? Annie look around . a skinny man with curly hair be walk towards they from the direction of the wood . numbly , without surprise , Annie recognize the fiddler in she dream . annie do you find you dog ? tommy lee ballard look at she strangely - then slowly nod ... ext./ int . anniee cutlass , moving down a STREET - morning Ben and Miller be in the front seat with Annie , Mike be in the back . Miller , rummage through he ninja turtles lunchbox , pull out a pack of twinkies . annie put that twinkies back , Miller , they be for you lunch - BEN ( reach for they ) I want one , mama . I want a twinkie . annie now see what you stir up ? they pass a couple of patrol boy with they cane pole and red flag . mike I do not see why you gotta keep drivin 's we to school , that guy 's in jail - annie well he have not be try and convict yet , and he 's get a bunch of brother and cousin that be just as mean as he be so we be not takin ' any chance . that remind I , we be gonna start lettin 's butch sleep inside at night . ignorant redneck love to poison dog . miller oh boy , can butch sleep with I ? BEN I want a twinkie , mama . they be in front of the school now . Annie pull over to the curb to unload . miller ( lean over to kiss Annie ) bye , mama . annie have a good day , honey . ( glance at the school ) hey Mike ? have Mr. pullman come back to school yet ? mike he 's still out sick . annie ( after a pause ) okay , honey . behave yourself . Mike make a sour face as he slam the back door . Annie pull away from the curb . BEN I want a twinkie , mama . ext . anniee house - morning Annie pull she car into the carport . she and Ben get out . annie ( exasperate ) Ben , from now on " twinkie " be the T word . you do not say it , you do not think it , you do not - Ben 's face scrunches up , and he begin to cry . with a sigh , Annie pull she mail out of the mailbox . among the usual bill and junk , a large manila envelope catch she eye . her name and address be spell out in big block printing with a red Magic marker . the return address read : you husband hell with forebode , Annie rip open the envelope . Inside be the steal photograph of she husband in he navy uniform . printed across it in the red write be this message : see you soon honey close on annie , numbly stare at the photo as Ben continue to wail ... int . the county courthouse - day the courthouse be a three - story brick building , set in a lovely square of tall shade tree and neatly trim grass . Annie park she car out front , get out , and move down the sidewalk past a couple of old man play checker on a bench . int . the courthouse - day Annie walk down a corridor - find the room she 's seek : david duncan , district attorney . she take a deep breath , open the door . int . d.a. secretary's office - day a comely young woman sit behind a desk , examine she nail . secretary can I help you ? annie I be Annie Wilson . Mr. Duncan want to see I ? voice hi , Mrs. Wilson . Annie look and see david duncan stand in the door of he office , a coffee mug in he hand . he 's wear a expensive and perfectly tailore grey suit with a pale - gold tie . he 's blond and very handsome . the faintly startle look on Annie 's face be there because she , and we , have see David Duncan before : in the woman 's locker room at the country Club , in a heavy - breathe clinch with jessica King . now Duncan move to a coffee machine , and steaming black coffee jet into he mug . duncan ( with a nice smile , as he take in Annie 's charm ) you want some coffee ? int . duncan' office - day Duncan sit behind he big , very neat desk , sip he coffee and study Annie , who 's sit across from he . Annie notice a frame photograph on he desk of he and a beautiful wife and two beautiful kid , a boy and a girl . then she look over at a huge oil portrait hang on the wall of John f. Kennedy . duncan a great man . one of my heroes . annie it 's nice to have heroes . Duncan smile , then assume a let I s-get-down - to-business look . duncan Mrs. Wilson , the people be go to trial tomorrow against donnie barksdale - and I feel we have a powerful case . the victim be find strangle to death in he pond , wrap in he log chain . barksdale have three scratch mark on he arm , and the coroner discover human tissue under three of the victim 's fingernails . then just last week , we have a witness step forward who 's gonna testify that he see donnie barksdale and the victim outside pee jay 's that Saturday night , and that barksdale be slapping the victim around . I only have one weak link I gotta worry about . Duncan wait , force Annie to ask : annie what ? duncan you . ( another for -effect pause ) you see , you be how we find out where the victim 's body be - and how you find out - well , that could open up a real can of worm for we . ( wiggling he finger to indicate weirdness ) " psychic phenomenon , " " esp , " dream , vision - and if that 's not enough , l understand there be bad blood between you and donnie barksdale ... Duncan wait for Annie to respond , but she look he levelly in the eye and remain silent . duncan look , Mrs. Wilson ... Annie ... I be gonna do my best to keep you off the stand - but the defense may force as to put you up there . and then I be gonna be in a hell of a position : if I do not give you credibility , I lose the case . if I do give you credibility , I be gonna be a laughingstock . ( create a imaginary headline ) " d.a. Duncan debunk Science , prove that Magic be Real ! " you know , that kind of thing . annie ( with a edge ) what do you care what people think as long as justice be do ? duncan ( after a pause - with he easy smile ) I deserve that . Duncan reach for he mug of coffee - but then , seemingly disconcert by Annie 's steady and somehow know gaze , put it back down without take a drink . duncan Annie , ever since you first see I , you have be look at I in the oddest way . I mean , do I have something in my nose , or - or be my fly unzip ? annie ( dryly ) most likely the latter . be that gonna be all ? duncan ( slowly ) yes mar 'am ... Annie get up and head out , as Duncan stand up politely - but when she reach the door , she pause . annie you know , Mr. Duncan , the " victim " have a name - it be jessica King . now Annie exit - leave the young d.a. look uneasy and perplex ... ext . anniee house - establishing - night it 's the middle of the night . everything 's quiet . the house be dark . int . the blue room - night Annie turn over in she bed with a sigh for the dozenth time , unable to sleep . now she hear claw clicking steadily down the hallway . in a moment , the din shape of butch appear in the doorway , stand there look in . annie hi , butch . lonesome ? butch turn and leave , and Annie hear he clicking claw recede down the hall . annie guess not . dissolve to : the blue room - morning Annie 's asleep . the early morning sun be filter in through the diaphanous blue curtain , glimmer on she face . but now a faint shadow fall across she . Annie open she eye . her Pov : a man be stand on the other side of the bed looking down at her . annie ( incredulous ) Ben ? the man smile a little - we recognize he from the photograph as Annie 's husband . tear suddenly fill Annie 's eye . annie ( ecstatically ) I know you be not go - CUT to : annie suddenly waking up . her lash be matte with tear . her Pov : beside the bed , there's no one . from out on the street come the awful bang and clangor and moaning of a garbage truck at work . Annie throw the cover off , swing she leg over the side of the bed . Annie just sit there for a moment , she breathe shallow , try to deal with the bitter realization that she 's just be dream . then , with a act of will , she pull herself together , wipe she eye with a corner of the sheet , reach for she robe , and , slip it on over she nightgown , get up to begin the day ... ext . parker business district - day Mike 's peddle he bike furiously down the street . ext . county courthouse - day Mike come up on he bike , jump the curb , pedal up the sidewalk to the entrance , hurriedly dismount , lock he bike up with a chain , and run up the step . int . county courthouse courtroom - day Mike slip in the door , stand at the back of the courtroom scan the scene , where the trial of donnie barksdale in the murder of jessica King be already underway . David Duncan be question a witness . barksdale , wear a uncharacteristic suit , sit at the defense table with he lawyer gerald weem , a small skinny bespectacle man wear a blue blazer and a red tie . behind donnie barksdale sit he wife anita , he brother jed , and various and sundry other of the barksdale clan . Duncan 's assistant sit at the defense table , and in the first row of spectator behind it be sit Wayne pullman and a thin and ill-look Kenneth King . the judge be a distinguished - look man in he 60' . the jury be seven man and five woman , nine white and three black . the trial 's a Big event in parker , and the courtroom 's crowded with spectator - and now , in the middle of the crowd , Mike spot Annie , sit with she friend Linda . Mike shrink back a little , obviously not want to be see by he mother . voice ( in a loud whisper ) Mike - Mike look and see buddy Cole , sit in the back row . buddy ( as Mike sit down beside he ) why be not you in school ? mike I want to see this . buddy if she see you you mama will skin you alive - Mike shrug , settling in to watch the action . on annie , watch . the handsome young d.a. be question albert hawkins , a gray black man in he 501 , who 's wear a old brown suit . duncan now , Mr. hawkins , how long have you work out at pee jay' ? hawkins ' Bout 10 year . duncan and what be you duty there ? hawkins I sweep and keep thang stock and that kind of thang . duncan now , be you work at pee jay' on Saturday night , April 11 ? hawkins yes sir . duncan do you see the defendant donnie barksdale there that night ? hawkins yes air . duncan could you describe the circumstance when you see he ? hawkins the circumstance be I come outside to thow away some trash - duncan and what time be it then ? hawkins ' Bout midnight , I reckon ... flashback to pee jay be we see Alfred hawkins come out the back door of the beer and dance joint , tote a trash can . we hear the muffle sound of a jukebox country tune . hawkins begin empty the trash into a dumpster . then he hear the angry sound of male and female voice . hawkins ' Pov : donnie barksdale and jessica king . they're in the back part of the parking lot , stand between barksdale 's four- wheel - drive truck and jessica 's white Mazda miata . hawkins ( v.o. ) anyhow , I see donnie barksdale out by he truck havin , a argument with this white lady . jessica turn away from barksdale , move to get into she car . donnie grab she . jessica dig she fingernails into barksdale 's arm . barksdale yelp in pain , yank back he arm , and slap jessica hard . jessica fall , bang she head hard against the side of she car . she sit slump against the car look daze , hold she head . barksdale move towards she , bend down . hawkins ( v.o. ) she scratch he arm , he slap the tar out of she , and then she fall down and bang she head on this little old white car . at this point , hawkins , look a little nervous , take he empty trash can and go back into pee jay' ... hawkins ( v.o. ) ' Bout that time , I go back inside ... back to the courtroom Duncan 's show Albert hawkins a photograph . duncan be this the woman you see with donnie barksdale ? hawkins yes sir . duncan you honor , let the record show I have just show Mr. hawkins a photograph of jessica King . ( head for he seat ) no more question . judge Mr. weem ? as little Gerald weem rise and move toward the witness , Linda , watch Duncan appreciatively , lean toward Annie . linda ( in a whisper ) Annie , I will bet that 's a $ 500 suit ! Annie glance at Duncan , then look at Wayne , where he 's sit with Mr. King , lean forward in he seat and rub he face with both hand . weem ( with a smile ) how be you , Albert ? hawkins ( return the smile ) I be fine , Mr. weem . weem we have know each other quite a while , have not we ? hawkins yes sir . you get my oldest boy outa jail that time . weem you boy be wrongfully accuse , be not he ? hawkins yes sir . weem it happen sometimes , do not it ? hawkins yes sir . weem now Albert , do you have some trouble with Mr. barksdale a couple year back ? hawkins yes sir , I guess it be trouble . weem and clarify that for we . tell we what happen . hawkins he have a bag on I reckon and he be out to the club there and he start callin ' I a name . he call I a nigger . he say he do not like no nigger handlin ' what he drank . see , I be totin ' in a case of beer to the bar . weem ( shaking he head ) donnie barksdale call you a nigger . now if I be a black man , a hard - workin ' man just mindin , my own bidness , that would make I angry . hawkins yes sir . weem I guess if you could you would like to see donnie barksdale get what 's comin ' to he . duncan objection , you honor - judge sustain . weem now Albert , help I clarify somethin’ else . you just testify you see Mr. barksdale and miss King out at pee jay 's the night of April 11 - hawkins yes sir . weem but on April the 12th - the very next day - you tell a different story to sheriff Johnson , do not you ? hawkins ( reluctantly ) well - weem sheriff Johnson come out to pee jay 's ' cause jessica King 's car be find out there , and he ask you pointblank if you would see she out there the night before and you say no - hawkins well - I figure it be they bidness . I try to stay outa folk ' bidness . weem but Albert , be not it still they bidness ? hawkins when I find out ' bout that dead girl 's body bein 's find in that pond , I figure that it be my bidness too - weem but the crux of the dilemma be you have tell two entirely different storey . a man 's life be at stake here , Albert . we have to clarify this point . clarity be the reason you son be a free man today - hawkins .( sorrowfully ) well , he be not exactly free no more , Mr. weem . he be wrongfully accuse of robbin ' a liquor store in Houston . weem open he mouth to ask another question , then close it without speak , as buddy , where he sit with Mike , give a snort of laughter ... CUT to : sheriff pearl johnson , a little later . he 's on the stand be question by David Duncan . duncan and after Mr. King file the miss person report on he daughter , when and where do you discover she car ? sheriff johnson about five o'clock Sunday afternoon out at pee jay' . duncan describe the progress of you investigation over the course of the next five day . sheriff johnson well , there be not no progress . we could not find nobody to admit to have ' see jessica past early Saturday evenin ' . we just could not find hide nor hair - ( glance uncomfortably at Mr. King ) we could not find no trace of the girl . duncan then on Thursday the 16th , be you attention draw to donnie barksdale 's pond ? on annie , pay close attention to this . sheriff johnson yes sir it be . duncan and then what happen ? sheriff johnson well , after first gettin , permission from anita barksdale , I take some of my boy out to drag the pond . at the defense table , donnie turn around to glare at he wife - and then he eye meet Annie 's , and if anything , he glare intensify . duncan do the defendant show up while you be drag the pond ? sheriff johnson yes sir . duncan what do you observe about the condition of the defendant 's leave forearm ? sheriff johnson he have three scratch on it . duncan and do you ask the defendant how hold acquire the scratch ? sheriff johnson yes sir . he say hold kilt a stray cat , and she have not like it when hold kilt ‘er . a ripple of excitement move through the courtroom , and several member of the jury look at donnie barksdale in disgust and horror ... dissolve to : gerald weem and sheriff johnson , a little later . weem now sheriff , you say you attention be " draw " to the defendant 's pond ? in what way be it " draw " ? the sheriff shift uneasily in he seat , glance toward David Duncan at the prosecutor 's table . weem Mr. Duncan do not ask you that question , sheriff - I do . sheriff johnson I and Wayne pullman and Kenneth King go over to see a woman name Annie Wilson . on mike and buddy . mike they be talkin’ about mama ... weem what make you think this woman could be of help to you ? sheriff johnson well ... word around town be that she be a ... well , I do not know what the right word be ... weem be it " fortuneteller " ? sheriff johnson I guess so . weem ( he voice drip with sarcasm ) now what do this fortuneteller see when she look into she crystal ball ? sheriff johnson well , she do not have no ball . she have this funny - lookin ' card ... weem ( play up to the jury ) " funny-lookin ' card " ... go on ... sheriff johnson and , well , she do not actually see nothin’ then - but next day she come to see I and tell I she would have this dream ... weem " have this dream " ... sheriff johnson ( squirming in he chair ) and she would see this pond that look a lot like donnie barksdale 's - and then she would wake up from she dream and go outside , and look up in this tree and , uh ... weem I be all ear . sheriff johnson well ... she see jessica King floatin ' around in the tree nekkid with a chain wrap around ‘er . weem ( turn to the jury - incredulously ) " floatin ' in a tree " ! Annie look stunne at the mockery , Linda indignant . now David Duncan at he table look over he shoulder , pointedly catch Annie 's eye ... ext . the courthouse - afternoon the trial 's be adjourned for the day , and the spectator be leave the courthouse , Annie and Linda among they . linda that little squirrel Gerald weem ! and to think I use to think he be cute annie he be just doin 's he job - buddy 's sit on a bench , obviously wait for Annie . buddy ( stand up ) miz Wilson , can I talk to you a minute ? he fix he slightly wild eye on Linda , and she take the hint . linda Annie , call I later , okay ? annie okay . Linda move away . we can tell that the last thing Annie feel like do now be deal with buddy . she resume walk towards she car . annie buddy , I have a lot of thing on my mind now . it 's not a good time . buddy you say I should think and talk and I be thinkin’ . tell I why I do thing to myself when I think about daddy . I do something ' weird when I think about he then I feel better . Annie spot anita and jed and some other barksdale gather around a truck . they be all stare at she , anita with a sort of helplessness , the rest with hostility . annie what be you ramblin ' about , buddy ? buddy ineed you help . I need you to tell I thing . annie you and everybody else . please buddy , call I later and I will talk to you . buddy ( grab she arm ) please hold still ! stop and listen to I ! I think about daddy and I play around with myself . why ? annie you play around how ? ( resume walk ) buddy , I do not want to talk to you now . buddy I jack off god damn it ! when I think of the old bastard , I jack off . I be crazy , be not 1 ? somethin 's bad wrong with I , help I . I be sick . can we go to you house and talk ? they have reach Annie 's car now . Annie 's shocked by what buddy have say , but be still in she own world . annie buddy , listen , I will call you later on this week and we will have a good talk . I be goin , through a hard time myself right now so I can not help you now . ( take he arm and look he in the eye ) listen - if you look into a blue diamond , you will not think a negative think . buddy I will not ? you promise ? annie I promise . now Annie get in she car , start it up , and drive away . buddy remain stand where he be , stare after she ... int . anniee live room - that night Annie 's sit with she three son on the couch . Ben 's in she lap . butch be at she foot , look up at she . annie first of all : Mike , I know you skip school today and go to the trial . mike ( shocked at be catch ) how would you - ? annie it do not matter how I find out . a little bird tell I . it 's about time you start make thing easier on I instead of harder , Mike . I be very disappointed in you . the phone begin to ring . Annie ignore it . annie now second of all : I be gonna have to testify at the trial tomorrow . I do not want to , but I have to . miller the phone 's ringin’ , mama . annie I be not deaf , Miller - we will let the machine get it . donnie barksdale 's lawyer be gonna try and give I a hard time , so I just want y'all to be prepare if you hear any bad stuff about I . we be all gonna have to really be stickin ' together - the phone 's stop ringing , Annie 's message have play , and now , as Annie and she kid listen wide - eye , a hysterical female voice shriek out of the answer machine : voice on machine Annie Wilson , it 's buddy 's mother , buddy 's go crazy and he 's threatenin ' to kill he daddy ! ( scream and curse in the background ) please get here right now , he 's do hit oren with a hammer ! ext . a residential STREET in parker - night Annie 's car pull up in front of a small white frame house , and Annie get out . a woman in she early 60' have be wait on the porch , and now she come run down the sidewalk . buddy mother oh Annie , it 's just terrible . he 's get oren tie up in the back yard . he 's accusin ' ' im of horrible thing . he 's do hit ' im in the head . he 's bleadin’ . a couple of neighbor be stand , stare , on they front lawn . Annie and the woman hurry around the house . we hear shout in the back yard . annie do you call the police ? buddy mother he say if I do hold kill oren . he want you . ext . back yard of buddy parent ' house - night Annie and buddy 's mother come around the side of the house . Annie be shocked by what she see . Old snapshot be strewn across the grass . in the middle of the yard , he back to Annie , naked from the waist up , buddy father be tie to a metal lawn chair . in a circle around he father , buddy have carefully place frame photograph of himself as a little boy , some of he alone , some with he parent , and some with just he father . within the circle , buddy 's stand over he father , a belt in one hand and a can of gasoline in the other . he 's dousing the old man 's pants with the gas . annie buddy , let you daddy go ! I will talk to you . buddy 's father look over he shoulder at Annie . there 's a knot on he head and a cut that 's bleed profusely , and a rag 's stuff in he mouth . buddy look at Annie with out -of-his-mind eye . buddy it 's too late for that , mar 'am . it 's too god damn late . this be a criminal in front of you . and he 's gonna be punish . buddy start to swing he belt , strike he father in the face and chest . buddy 's mother scream . buddy you ruin I you bastard ! I be just a little kid ! how could you do that to a little kid ! you be sick and I be sick ! you make I sick ! annie ( move towards they ) buddy , stop it ! now buddy swing the belt wildly at Annie , keep she at bay . buddy why do not you help I ? you do not help I ! I think you could tell the future ! I think you could tell the past and help I ! I have you for a friend and now I do not have nobody ! I be killin’ this ! I be killin’ this thing ! he stick it in he little boy ! his little boy ! buddy suddenly drop the gas can and withdraw a lighter from he pocket . annie ( lung towards he ) no , buddy - but buddy shove she and send she sprawling , then turn to he father and light he gasoline - soak pants . oren Cole go up in flame , as he wife run around to the front of the house scream hysterically for help . Annie come to she foot , try to get to the father again , but buddy keep she back with he belt , as though guard he father . his father 's try to scream , but can not because of the rag in he mouth . and now Annie 's move to a position in front of the old man , and she stare in horror at he bulg , bare belly . anniee Pov through the flame : a large tattoo of a blue diamond . buddy point to he burn father 's tattoo and look into Annie 's eye . buddy look into that goddamn thing and tell I what kind of think you have ! ext . the cole house - a little later that night the quiet little street be quiet no longer . neighbor crowd around , two cop car and a ambulance be park in front of the house , and buddy 's father , moaning and semiconscious , be be trundle along on a gurney by two paramedics , he sobbing wife at he side hold he hand . Annie 's sit on the curb , watch it all . buddy 's father 's load in the ambulance , Mrs. Cole climb in after he , and now the ambulance take off , siren go and light flash . and now Annie hear cussing and yelling come from the direction of the house . buddy 's be remove from the house by two cop . his hand be cuffed behind he back , he ankle be cuffed together , and a third pair of handcuffs join he foot and he hand , so that the cop be carry he like a human suitcase . Annie watch as buddy , snarling and twist , be toss into the back of a police car . the police car take buddy away . on annie , all alone on the curb ... int . the courtroom - day Annie , she hand on a Bible , be be swear in by the clerk . clerk do you swear to tell the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth so help you God ? annie ido . clerk be seat . Annie go into the witness box and sit down . she look pale , tense , and tired , with dark circle under she eye follow another sleepless night . as David Duncan approach she , she scan the courtroom : see the solemn face of the juror , see Linda , who give she a encourage smile , Wayne and Mr. King , anita barksdale , Gerald weem , and donnie barksdale , who seem to be try to stare a hole through she . duncan State you name please . annie annibelle Wilson . duncan and you occupation ? annie ( after a pause ) mother ... and homemaker . duncan Mrs. Wilson , you husband , Ben Wilson sr. , be one of the man kill last year in the explosion out at the reinhold cable Plant ... annie yes ... duncan and you be leave with three small child to raise on you own ... annie yes sir . duncan how do you provide for you and you son ? annie I get a little bit of money from Social Security as a result of my husband 's death . also , I ... give reading . duncan psychic reading ? annie yes sir . duncan be " psychic " a fair word to use ? annie as good as any , I guess . duncan how long have you know you be psychic ? annie since I be a little girl . we have a old well out behind we house , and L use to look down into it and - and see thing . duncan what kind of thing ? annie thing that have not happen yet , or thing that be happenin’ someplace else . my grandmother tell I that I have " the gift . " she say it run in the family , and I should not be afraid of it . granny tell I that where my gift be concerned , I should just always use my instinct , and I would be all right . duncan Mrs. Wilson , you be in the courtroom yesterday when sheriff Johnson testify to the chain of event involve you that lead he to search donnie barksdale 's pond . do he give a accurate account of that event ? annie yes sir. duncan ( emphatically ) so you be swear before this court that you do not get you information about this tragedy from any other mean than you special ability , you ... " gift . " annie yes Sir ... 1 be swear that . duncan thank you , Mrs. Wilson . ( head back to he table ) it have no further question . judge Mr. weem ? Gerald weem stand up , walk slowly over to Annie , he hand behind he back , give she a friendly smile . weem miz Wilson - how many finger be I holdin’ out behind my back ? duncan ( jump to he foot - disgust ) objection , you honor ! weem you honor , my client be sittin ' here before this court on trial for he life , in part because of special power this woman claim to have . now in all fairness , I think I oughta be allow to test this alleged power instead of all of we just takin , she word for it . judge you have a point , Mr. weem . objection overrule . Duncan sit back down , shaking he head . weem , stand with he back to the jury , be hold out seven finger . weem can the member of the jury see how many finger I be showin’ ? the juror , look extremely attentive , nod . weem how many finger , miz Wilson ? Annie , look at a loss , be silent for several second . finally : annie Three ? weem , smile , hold up he hand for all to see . weem let the record indicate that I be holdin’ out seven - repeat - seven - finger . annie look , that do not prove anything . I can not do this at the drop of a hat - weem how about at the drop of a dollar bill ? annie what do you mean ? weem I mean , maybe you " gift " do not work unless you get pay for it . as they use to say in the Army : no money , no honey ? annie no , that 's not true - weem be you aware , miz Wilson , that it 's against the law of the state of Arkansas for a so-called " psychic " to set up shop and charge money ? annie but I do not charge money - weem but you just testify that you do - annie I accept ... donation ... gift ... weem ( glance toward the jury with a chuckle ) a distinction worthy of a lawyer ... Annie be look increasingly upset . her eye happen to meet Wayne 's . Wayne , sit by Mr. King on the front row , smile a little , give she a discreet thumb 's - up sign . weem be you rich , miz Wilson ? annie no ... weem well , I would be filthy rich if I be a psychic and could see the future . I would play the stock market , go over to hot Springs and bet on the horse - annie I do , once ... weem do what ? annie I go over to hot Springs and bet on the horse . weem ( a bit warily ) what happen ? annie I lose every race . weem look at the jury , raise he eyebrow with a whose - side - is- she - on ? look . annie you see , I do not think I be mean to use my gift for personal gain . weem except for the ... what do you call they ... " donation " ... ( Annie do not reply ) miz Wilson , be not it true you have personal trouble with donnie barksdale ? annie yes ... weem and be not it true that , just a few week ago , you stand in front of donnie barksdale and tell he you - I think you exact word be - you be gonna have he " ass " throw in jail ? annie ( look at donnie ) yes , but he be threaten my - weem and be not it true that , also just a few week ago , durin 's one of you famous " readin 's " when you be usin ' you so -called " esp , " you tell anita barksdale , donnie 's wife , that donnie be just a insecure redneck , and that he be not crazy enough to kill anybody ? Annie look at anita , suddenly remember the conversation . anita meet Annie 's eye somewhat guiltily , and then look down at she hand . annie ( quietly ) yes - I do say that ... weem but now you be sayin’ that he do kill somebody ... annie no , wait a second - I have never say that - week well you might as well have . ( point to donnie ) you swore you would have that man put in jail , and now here he be on trial for he life . annie I just tell the sheriff what I see . weem ( extravagantly ) and how can we forget ? jessica King , a- floatin ' in a tree ! it must be a lot of fun havin ' all this dream , and vision , and - annie ( lose it ) fun ? you think it 's fun that I feel the weight of this whole town 's problem on my shoulder ? you think it 's fun to bury other people 's dead baby or - or to be blamin ' myself ' cause some poor crazy man try to burn up he daddy ? you think I be doin ' this for fun ? you be crazy if you think that - Annie break off , she breathe shallow , tear in she eye . the whole courtroom 's silent , look at she . weem ( softly ) I get no more question ... dissolve to : donnie barksdale , on the stand . he 's the first and only witness in he own defense . Gerald weem be stand before he . weem Mr. barksdale , as they say in Hollywood , let 's cut to the chase : do you or do you not kill jessica King ? donnie ( emphatically ) I do not . weem do you or do you not see jessica King on the night she be kill ? donnie ( after a pause ) yeah . I see she . on annie , sit with Linda . weem describe the circumstance . donnie well , I would be seein 's she for quite a while - weem let 's clarify what you mean by " seein ' . " donnie I mean she and I would be havin ' sex . angle on wayne , and on donnie' wife anita . weem okay ... go on . donnie well , she call I about 11 o'clock , and say she be in the mood to have sex with I - weem be that the word she use , " to have sex " ? donnie she be in the mood to fuck I , be what she say . so I tell she I would meet she out at pee jay' , and I tell my wife I be .goin ' out to have a beer ... weem and do you meet she out at pee jay' ? flashback to pee jay be : donnie be sit in he four- wheel - drive truck in the back of the parking lot , smoking a cigarette . and now a white Mazda miata pull up by he truck , and jessica King climb out , sexy and smile ... donnie ( v.o. ) yes air . weem ( v.o. ) and then what happen ? flashback to donnie' truck , move down a dirt road in the wood : donnie stop the truck , turn off the motor , then look over at jessica hungrily ... donnie ( v.o . ) we go in my truck down this little old dirt road - and then we do it . back to the courtroom . weem have sex . donnie that 's right . weem do you then return to pee jay' ? donnie yes sir. weem what happen then ? donnie well , we get in a argument . she tell I she do not want to see I no more . weem do she say why ? donnie she say she be gettin ' marry in a couple of month , and she want to stop playin ' around - at least till after the weddin ' . week in the course of this argument , do you strike jessica King ? flashback to pee jay be : we have see this action before , as recount by Albert hawkins - donnie grab jessica , jessica claw donnie 's arm , donnie slapping she , jessica fall back and hit she head hard against she car . donnie ( v.o . ) J be not proud of it , but - yes sir. back to the courtroom weem what happen after you strike she ? donnie well , she bang she head purty hard when she go down - flashback to pee jay be : jessica be slurped against she car , half knock out . donnie move toward she , bend down , touch she face with concern - and then lift she up . donnie ( v.o . ) so I decide to take she to the hospital to get she check out ... back to the courtroom donnie see , a few year back my daddy hit he head in the barn , he do not go the doctor and then he get one of then blood clot on the brain and he drop dead right in front of I - so I be kind of scared for she . weem do you ever reach the hospital ? flashback to donnie' truck : he 's drive through the dark spring night down a two - lane blacktop road . jessica be on the seat beside he . she 's touch the back of she head gingerly - she and donnie be talk to each other - and now donnie slow down , take he truck into a u-turn , and head back the way they have come . donnie ( v.o. ) no sir . jessie say she be afraid somebody at the hospital would know she , and she say she be feelin’ better anyhow ... flashback to pee jay be : donnie pull up in he truck near jessica 's car . jessica get out . now donnie pull out of the parking lot and back on the road . donnie ( v.o. ) so I take she back to pee jay 's and drop she off - and then I go on back home . back to the courtroom weem and that be the very last you ever see of jessica King . donnie yes sir - the very last . weem and you do not strangle to death that poor girl and wrap she in a chain and hide she in you pond . donnie no sir . weem you know that chain she be wrap in be you chain . donnie sure it be . I get this green scum on my pond , and ever ' now and then I hook that chain up to this old phone pole and I drag the pole over the pond to get that green stuff off . that chain 's be down by lay pond for year - hell anybody coulda come along and use it - weem so you be not guilty of this charge . donnie I be guilty of cheatin’ on my wife , of bein 's a bad husband and a bad Christian - but I be not guilty of killin' jessie . I swear to God ! weem no further question . weem , look pleased with himself , sit down . now it 's David Duncan 's turn . duncan Mr. barksdale ... you be a wife beater , be not you ? weem you honor , objection , the defendant 's not on trial here for wife beatin’ , he judge overrule . the defendant will answer the question . donnie ( look at anita ) I have swore on the good Book to tell the truth here today . yeah , I have hit anita before . I guess it be not no secret - duncan so you admit to have a history of violence against woman - and you also admit to have beat up the victim a the night she be murder - donnie I would not say that I exactly beat 'er up - duncan just how badly do you have to beat a woman before it fit you definition of " beat up " ? donnie 's silent , beginning to seethe . duncan so , donnie , accord to you story , you be actually kind of a good samaritan that night - rushin ' this woman to the hospital after she would get a little bump on the head - donnie I tell you about my daddy - and anyhow , I have take anita to the hospital plenty of time ... duncan I will bet you have ... there be a few mean-spirited snicker from the spectator . donnie begin to redden . duncan now you story be you would be have a affair with the victim . but tell we why a beautiful young woman like jessica King , from one of the finest family in parker , just about to be marry to a good , decent professional man , and with a bright , shine future in front of she - why would a woman like that get involved with somethin’ like you ? donnie ( with something like a sly smile ) l ask ‘er that one time - and she say I be the only man in town who know how to fuck . David Duncan look as though he 's be slap in the face . duncan you be really disgustin ' , you know that ? weem ( squeakily indignant ) objection , you honor ! judge sustain . ( sternly ) Mr. Duncan , you will refrain from personal comment of that nature . duncan ( regain he composure ) I apologize , you honor . it will not happen again . on annie , who 's be watch this exchange with intensify interest . duncan so let 's get this straight - ( with a sarcastic glance at weem ) let 's " clarify " this - you be say it be just a coincidence that on the very same night you physically assault jessica King , somebody else put she body in you pond ? Kenneth King have begin to sob now - Wayne put he arm around he shoulder . donnie I be not sayin 's it be a coincidence - duncan what be you say ? donnie ( look straight at Annie ) I be sayin ' I get frame . duncan what a original defense . ( suddenly get right in donnie 's face - turn up the heat ) do you think of jessica King as a " stray cat " ? donnie no - duncan do you tell sheriff Johnson a stray cat have claw you arm ? donnie yeah - duncan and do not you just tell the court that jessica King scratch you arm ? donnie yeah , but - duncan and do not you tell sheriff Johnson that you get scratch by the stray cat ' cause she do not like it when you kill she ? donnie yeah , but I be lyin' - my wife be standin’ right there - duncan how do we know you be not lie now ? donnie ( explode ) ' Cause I be not god damn it ! ( stand up , point at Annie ) it 's she , god damn it ! she 's the reason I be up here ! judge the defendant will be seat ! donnie she 's a goddamn witch ! she 's puttin’ spell on ever ' - damn - body in town ! the color drain from Annie 's face . everybody 's look at she . she stand up . linda ( touch she arm ) oh , darlin 's ... and now as the judge pound he gavel for order , and the young d.a. smile with satisfaction at the outburst he 's provoke , and donnie barksdale continue to bellow , Annie flee the courtroom . donnie ( he face red , he lip fleck with spit ) witch ! witch !!!!! witch ! int . anniee live room - evening OPEN close on the tv set , where the six o'clock news be play , with appropriate graphic . newscaster in parker today , a sensational murder trial be conclude . donnie barksdale be find guilty in the sex and strangulation kill of jessica King , daughter of prominent parker businessman Kenneth King ... another angle show we Annie and she kid watch . mike be everything gonna be all right now , mama ? Annie 's face look troubled - but she manage a nod and a smile . annie we can get on with we life now ... int . anniee blue room - day Annie be read for dorothy , the middle - age black woman we see earlier . Annie be stare hard at the card - she seem totally oblivious to dorothy . dorothy ( anxiously ) you see something ' bad , miss Annie ? annie ( snap out of it ) no - of course not . ( gather up she card ) dorothy , listen , I be sorry - I just can not do this today ... int . the kitchen - night Annie 's on the phone . Miller be at the table with Ben , coloring in a coloring book . annie I be cancelling all my appointment for the next few day . I be just not feelin ' too well . thank you , miz kemp . I will call and reschedule . bye . Annie hang up , look in she phone book for another number . miller mama , be we gonna run out of money ? annie ( as she pick up the phone again ) we will be fine , honey . you just color ... int . the power company office - day Annie stand at a counter pay she electric bill . she give a $ 10 bill to the female clerk . clerk ( apologetically ) we be gonna have to have the rest of the balance soon , miz Wilson . annie I know ... I be sorry ... int . anniee car - day Annie pull out of the power company parking lot onto the street . she 's only go a block or two when she attention be draw to a man in gray athletic short and a T-shirt weaving down the sidewalk , obviously roaring drunk . when she get up even with he , she see that it 's Wayne . annie ( pull over and cranking down the passenger window ) Wayne ! Wayne look over , smile , and then weave she way . wayne hi , Annie - annie what do you think you be doin ' ? wayne ran out of beer , and figure I be too drunk to drive - annie get in . Wayne get in the car , and Annie drive on . wayne ( still smile ) you kidnappin ' I ? annie I be takin ' you home . if people see you like this you be gonna get fire - wayne ( the smile fade ) you really think I give a shit ? ext . wayne's house - day it 's a modest but nice brick structure . Annie 's car 's park in the driveway . int . wayne's bedroom - day Wayne 's sit on the side of the bed , as Annie kneel in front of he , take off he tennis shoe . the room around they 's a chaos of strewn clothes and scattered newspaper and empty beer can and pop bottle and half - eat article of food . annie Wayne , this be a pig sty ... just sleep it off , and you will feel better . wayne ( gaze at she ) I be not sleepy . annie you will be . Annie grasp he ankle , swing he leg up on the bed . now Wayne reach out , take hold of Annie 's hand . wayne why do not you join I ? annie ( after a pause ) I do not think it would be a good idea , wayne can not we just forget we trouble awhile ? you want to , do not you ? I know there 's somethin’ between we ... annie ( softly ) I have only be with one man in my life - and when I be with another one , I want it to be for the right reason . Wayne finger Annie 's gold wedding band , look at she questioningly . annie I guess I still feel marry . wayne you be not though . you husband 's dead . you gotta get that through you head . just like I gotta get through my head that jessie 's dead . Annie 's sit on the side or the bed now , look down at Wayne , something obviously on she mind ... annie Wayne - I do not think donnie barksdale kill she . wayne what do you mean ? annie I mean I see he do not . wayne ( knock for a loop ) do you see who do ? annie no ... I have try ... I just do not know yet ... wayne ( after a pause ) what be you gonna do ? annie I do not know ... I feel like lettin’ the bastard rot in jail ... Wayne nod , see she dilemma . and now the full impact of what Annie have tell he begin to sink in , and he cover he face with he hand . wayne ( with soft horror ) Jesus ... it 's not over ... dissolve to : ext . a back yard - day Annie approach a old stone well . it have a tiny roof , with wench , rope , and bucket beneath it . a circular wooden cover fit over the open of the well . as Annie reach the well , tall oak and elm surround the yard fill with a sudden gust of wind . she look up at the sky . Dark cloud be roll in . a storm be come . Annie begin to push back the well 's wooden cover . it make a dry scraping noise . a daddy longlegs , its repose disturb , climb up out of the darkness and scuttle away indignantly . inside the well shoot up , we see the cover , push by Annie 's arm , slide the rest of the way back , and then she face appear . back on annie peer down into the well . in the faint shimmer of dark water , Annie use herself . and then , after a moment , she reflection begin to ripple and dissolve ... now she 's look at herself again , but it 's no longer she reflection , but a huge view of she head . and then , from behind , in slow motion , a long gleam silver cylinder of metal , bigger at one end , come crash into she skull . blood spurt from she hair , she eye widen , then close , and she image dissolves into darkness ... int . anniee blue room - late afternoon Annie , lie on she bed fully clothed , awake with a gasp from she dream - ext . a very nice and expensive house - evening Annie , stand at the front door , ring the doorbell . behind she the spring night be dark and restless and wind -fill . there 's a flicker of lightning , some thunder off in the distance . a storm be come . the door 's open by a little girl . we recognize she from the family photograph on d.a. David Duncan 's desk . annie be you daddy home ? little girl ( yell ) daddy ? daddy , some woman 's here ! and now David Duncan appear , look at Annie with surprise . int . duncan' house - a book - line study - evening Annie 's sit on a couch , Duncan 's sit across from she in a comfortable leather armchair . duncan sure he do it . it be a open and shut case . annie I be tellin’ you he do not . the person that kill jessica 's still out there someplace . duncan ( look at she sceptically ) so what 's the deal ? the barksdale be threaten you ? I will talk to Pearl Johnson , we will not let lea get away with it - annie this have nothing to do with the barksdale . listen to I . I know that donnie do not kill jessica the same way I know she body be in he pond . duncan ( after a pause ) do you ... " know " ... who do kill she ? annie no ... duncan so what do you care ? the son of a bitch be in jail ... you and you kid be safe ... annie I do not think we be . I get a warnin ' today . I think someone 's gonna try and kill I . duncan ( after a pause ) so what do you want I to do ? annie reopen the case . find out who really do it . duncan that 's gonna make I look pretty silly , be not it ? puttin 's the wrong guy in jail ... annie I do not give a damn if you look silly ! ( pause ) listen - I know you be havin ' a affair with jessica . Duncan turn pale . annie you and I both know you should have disqualified yourself from this case . what do you think 's gonna happen to you pathetic little political career if people find out you have sex with the " victim " the night before she be kill ? Duncan get up from he armchair , move over to he bar , pour himself a scotch , take a gulp . a gust of wind rattle the window . duncan do you want money ? annie ( with a sigh ) no ... I want you to reopen the case . duncan ( carefully ) there 's a say about let sleep dog lie . you think you be in danger now ? look at it logically . the real danger start if this case get reopen , and somebody start worryin ' you be gonna have another one of you damn dream ... Annie sit there quietly for a moment , as this sink in . now she stand up , walk slowly toward the door . but when she reach the door , she turn around . annie look , all I know be a innocent man 's in jail , I do not care how awful he be , and I help put he there . I can not live with something like that . now you reopen this case , or I will . now Annie leave . the camera linger on Duncan , as he take another anxious drink of he scotch . ext . and int . anniee car - night Annie get in she car , back out of the driveway of Duncan 's house . there 's more lightning and thunder , and raindrop begin to spatter the windshield . CUT to : annie in her car she turn a corner onto she street . it I a raining hard now , she wiper be flail . she reach she house . as she turn into she driveway and she headlight sweep the yard , she 's startle to see , for just a moment , buddy Cole stand in the rain . she drive she car under the carport . she get out , move back to the edge of the carport , look out at the rain- and - wind - sweep yard . lightn illuminate it . it 's empty now . annie ( call ) buddy ? no answer . look extremely uneasy , Annie move to the door , unlock it . int . anniee house - night Annie come in , and immediately lock the door behind she . she move to the phone , pick it up and dial . annie hi , miz Francis , I be back . how be the kid ? listen , I be wonder if we could stay over at you house tonight . thanks . I will be there in a little bit . bye . as she hang up , she think she hear a faint noise over at the kitchen window . she look at it sharply . annie ( call ) buddy ? silence , except for the sound of the storm . look uneasier still , Annie move down the hallway into she room . she take a overnight bag out of a closet , open a drawer , put she nightgown into the bag - and then suddenly freeze , as she hear a sharp knock at the front door . she move tentatively into the hall . the knock come again . she walk back into the live room , advance toward the door as the third knock sound . annie ( call ) who be it ? voice Wayne ! Annie , look relieved , unlock the door . Wayne come in , drench to the skin . annie Wayne , you be soak - wayne I walk - the rain feel good ... Annie close the door , stare at Wayne - he look terrible , drip and haggard and unshaven and pale . annie do you see buddy Cole outside ? wayne ( puzzle - shaking he head ) I think he be at the nuthouse over in benton - annie he be ... maybe I imagine it ... Wayne sit down heavily on the couch , look up at Annie with haunt eye . annie what be you doin ' here ? wayne ever since you tell I what you tell I today , I ... I have be feelin’ like I be goin 's crazy ... Annie , you gotta tell I - who kill jessie ? annie I tell you , I do not know - wayne you say you do not know yet . look , I be a sceptic about all this stuff , but - you have convinced I . annie Wayne , I have look at my card a hundred time and I just do not see anything . ( pause ) I be startin’ to think maybe I do not want to see ... wayne what if we go out there ? annie go out where ? wayne to the pond . maybe if you vent back out to where it happen - where jessie be - maybe that would help you start seein , some thing - annie Wayne , it 's raining ... it 's dark ... I be exhaust ... wayne Annie , I can not stand another night of this ... I be begging you ... as Annie look at Wayne 's pale , desperate face , we : CUT to : ext . and int . anniee cutlass - night Annie 's drive through the spring thunderstorm with Wayne . they be out in the country . the rain make the pavement a black mirror . the windshield wiper throb and thrash . lightn occasionally splashes the landscape with shudder light . Annie glance over at Wayne , who 's smoking a cigarette , and stare straight ahead into the violent night . now off to she leave Annie can make out the long white fence , the big pasture . she slow down ... see in she headlight the mailbox mark barksdale ... and now she turn down the dirt road . ahead of they they see among the tree the light of donnie barksdale 's house . wayne there 's the road - Wayne 's point to a smaller dirt road angle off to the leave . Annie turn down it . the road 's rutty and bumpy . Annie can not see much of anything except the bright bullet of rain hurtle through the headlight . but now reveal to Annie , in some sudden lightning - light , be the pond . she move a little closer , then stop . she switch off the engine and the headlight . the rain batter the roof . Annie look over at Wayne . he manage a encourage smile . wayne ready ? annie I do not know what 's gonna happen ... wayne ( softly ) I neither ... ext . the pond - night they get out of the car . within second Annie be soak . she look over at Wayne , who 's just stand by the car stare at the pond . Annie move around the car and join he . wayne let 's just kinda walk around . annie all right . wayne you get a flashlight ? annie yeah , in the glove compartment . Wayne open the car door again . the dome light come on . Annie watch as Wayne open the glove compartment , pull out the flashlight . on anniee face , stare at the flashlight - and then we : flashback to her vision in the well : a gleaming metal cylindrical object bash her skull , blood spurt from her hair ... back to the pond Wayne shut the car door , turn the flashlight on . its beam poke out into the night , play over the pond which be be rake with rain , slide along its bank ... Wayne notice Annie be stare at he . wayne you okay ? Annie nod . she and Wayne begin to walk . the storm continue unabate . they reach the old phone pole that donnie barksdale use for skim alga off he pond . Annie stop , gaze at it ... flashback to pond : jessica 's nude body be lie at a angle across the pole , she throat and face discolor , she dead eye stare at nothing . a man 's hand be wrapping a chain around she ... back to pond wayne you seein 's somethin’ ? annie ( quickly - too quickly ) no - Wayne give she a linger look . they resume walk slowly around the pond . Annie glance at Wayne , at the flashlight in he hand - and now it be as though a dam be break inside Annie , and image of the murder of jessica King come flooding in ... flashback to pee jay be : Wayne 's car enter the parking lot . he 's get a beer in he hand , a six pack on the seat beside he . he 's cruise , look for jessica . and now he see she Mazda park in the back of the parking lot ... back to pond : as she and Wayne walk , Annie look up at the wild , lightning - rip sky ... flashback to pee jay be : Wayne 's car be park in the darkness of some tree across the road from pee jay' . Wayne 's smoking a cigarette - he 's get a view of the parking lot and jessica 's car . and now he see donnie barksdale 's four- wheel - drive truck come down the road , turn into pee jay' . Wayne watch as jessica get out , and donnie drive he truck back out on the road , and leave . as jessica move toward she car , Wayne start up he own car , and drive across the road into the parking lot . jessica 's put she key into the lock when she look around and see Wayne pull up . jessica ( with a nervous smile ) Wayne - what be you doin’ here ? wayne just drivin ' around . I think you be goin’ to bed early tonight ? jessica I could not sleep - wayne wanna go for a ride ? jessica ( after a pause - with a smile ) sure . jessica get in Wayne 's car . they leave the parking lot , and pull out onto the road ... back to pond : mud suck at the shoe of Annie and Wayne ... flashback to wayne's car : Wayne pull off the blacktop onto a little dirt road run off into the wood . jessica ( with a uneasy smile ) where we goin " ? Wayne shrug , drain he beer , toss the empty can out the window . he see jessica rub the back of she head , look a little queasy . wayne what 's the matter ? jessica ( with a shrug ) headache . now Wayne pull the car over into a little roadside clear , turn off the motor and the headlight . jessica be look at he questioningly . wayne take off you clothes . back to pond : Annie look over at Wayne as they walk : rain drip steadily from he nose , he chin , he hand where it hold the flashlight ... flashback to the wood : Wayne and jessica be outside the car now . jessica slip off she panty , and put they with the rest of she clothes on the hood . now she stand naked before Wayne . out of the black wood come the sound of frog and cricket . jessica ( pull Wayne to she ) be not you takin , yours off too ? wayne ( with disgust ) ican small it on you . jessica what ? wayne sex . you just fuck he , do not you ? ( in disbelief ) donnie barksdale ... jessica , after briefly consider it , decide there 's no point in lie . jessica ( with a mock , defiant smile ) so ? wayne " so " ? ( grab she shoulder , shaking she ) I love you , jessie ... why ? jessica ' Cause I feel like bein ' with a man for a change . ( reach for she clothes ) listen , we be through . I do not like bein’ spy on . I do not know why I be with you anyway - it 's just ' cause daddy like you . wayne ( not let she go ) you horrible little bitch ! jessica T will show you a bitch if you do not let I go - ( beginning to struggle ) let I go , Wayne - you be drunk - Wayne - jessica hit Wayne in the face . Wayne , enraged , bend jessica back over the hood of the car ... back to pond : a flash of lightning illuminate Wayne 's face . flashback to wood : Wayne 's hand be wrap around jessica 's throat now , squeezing , squeezing ... as jessica lose consciousness , bar hand cease to fight Wayne , fall back on the hood . the camera move in close on she watch : the time be 1:28 ... back to pond : the wind be blow harder . Annie stare at a cottonwood tree by the pond thrashing wildly ... flashback to wood : Wayne 's look down at jessica 's body , which he 's put in the trunk of he car . now he slam down the trunk lid . he move to the front of the car , gather up jessica 's clothes , hurl they into the wood . and then he just stand there , a look of horror and emptiness on he face , as he confront the dark mystery of the tree , and listen to the croaking of frog , the chirring of cricket ... back to pond : Annie look at the flashlight in Wayne 's hand , raindrop glitter in its bright beam ... flashback to pond : Wayne 's drag jessica 's chain - wrap body down the bank and into the pond . a thousand frog be croaking . as he step into the water , he see a snake wriggle across the pond 's smooth surface , make ripple of starlight . Wayne wade into the water with jessica 's body in tow , till the water 's up to he shoulder . now he release jessica , and she sink out of sight with a final mermaidish swirl of she beautiful hair . Wayne wade back to the bank . as he 's about to step out of the water , he get the sensation of be watch . he look up , and see stand in a row on the top of the bank , gaze down at he , they tongue lolling , Tommy Lee ballard 's four lose bluetick hound ... back to pond : Annie suddenly stop . she turn and look at Wayne , try to hide the horror and fear she feel . annie I think we better go back - wayne nothin 's comin ' to you ? annie no - and now Wayne shine the flashlight full into Annie 's face . her hair 's hang loose and stringy and stream with rain - she blink in the light . wayne ( softly ) you know ... they be stand right at the top of the bank . Annie back away from Wayne . one foot slip in the mud , she regains she balance , but now find herself move down the bank , toward the pond as Wayne advance on she , the flashlight never straying from she face . wayne ( plead and desperate ) I be a good man , Annie . I be not some killer . you do not know what it be like - Annie 's into the shallow water of the pond now , still back away from Wayne . the storm continue to rage . annie Wayne , let 's go to my house . I will read for you - I will talk to you - wayne you be a good woman . you would have to turn I in - the water 's knee - deep on they , then hip -deep . all Annie can see be the blaze circle of the flashlight . wayne you know I think a lot of you . if it have be you with I instead of she , none of this would have happen . ( tear spring to he eye - in anguish ) my God - Wayne lunge for Annie , get she by the arm , Annie struggle and punch , lightning flash , thunder rip , she rake he face with she fingernails , he scream and grab she hair , he force she head underwater , she be drown , she bite he arm , he yell , she get away , she be sloshing frantically toward the bank , he dive for she and tackle she , they thrash and roll in the water in the crazy light of the lightning , he lift he flashlight over he head but before he can bring it smash down on she skull - his wrist be grab . anniee Pov : behind wayne , lit up by the flashlight , be the face of buddy cole . buddy wrench the flashlight from Wayne 's grasp , and before Wayne can turn around , he hit Wayne hard in the side of the head with it . Wayne drop without a sound into the water . breathe hard , Annie stare at buddy , as he stand in front of she , lash by the wind and rain . buddy ( softly ) you okay , miz Wilson ? Annie nod . she look down at Wayne , who 's float face down in the pond - bubbles be burbling up around he head . annie he 's drownin ' - and buddy and Annie grab Wayne under the arm , start drag he out of the pond ... they drag Wayne up the bank , and then toward Annie 's car . buddy never say a word - Annie keep look at he , hardly able to believe he 's actually here . annie ( as they reach she car ) in the trunk ... Annie open the trunk , and they lift and shove and roll Wayne inside . Wayne 's breathe be heavy , and the hair on the side of he head be matte with blood . Annie pick up a tangle set of jumper cable , hand one to buddy . they tie Wayne 's ankle together , and he hand behind he back . Wayne give a faint moan , move he head a little . Annie put she hand on the trunk lid - look down at Wayne for a long , uncomprehend moment - then shut the trunk . now she turn to buddy , who 's stand quietly at she side . annie will you go back into town with I ? buddy nod . int . anniee car - night Annie and buddy get in . Annie start up the car , turn a the headlight . now she look over at buddy . annie how would you get out here anyway ? buddy smile a quiet , mysterious smile ... CUT to : ext. / int . anniee car , moving down the blacktop - night the storm have pass over now , only a occasional raindrop spatter the windshield ... Annie turn off the viper . Annie look over at buddy , who be sit beside she stare straight ahead . there 's a uncharacteristic calmness about he , a odd sort of ... the only word be " serenity . " annie buddy ... you be suppose to be in the hospital ... buddy look over at Annie , and smile . buddy I escape , miz Wilson . I be free ! annie ( after a pause ) buddy , I be sorry I be not there for you . I should have - buddy now do not you say nothin’ else . you be the only one that be a friend to I . I love you . you be the soul of this town , miz Wilson . you just need to keep on doin ' what you be doin 's ... and now buddy look straight ahead again , with the same calm look ... ext . parker CITY hall and - sheriff department - night Annie 's car pull up in front . int . anniee car - night Annie switch off . the motor , then look over at buddy . annie buddy - you know you be gonna have to go back ... buddy yes mar 'am ... I know ... now Annie get out of the car . ext . CITY hall and sheriff' department - night as Annie walk away from the car she hear a thudding noise from the trunk , and a anguish groan . now she hurry up the sidewalk , and up the step to the entrance . on buddy , sit in the car , watch she go ... CUT to : int . CITY hall and sheriff' department - night Annie be walk with two deputy quickly down the hall back to the entrance . ext . CITY hall and sheriff' department - night Annie and the deputy come out . one of the deputy can I have you key , mar 'am ? Annie give he she key . the deputy move toward she car , draw they gun - but Annie stop at the bottom of the step . anniee Pov : the car be empty . int . sheriff johnson' office - night Annie sit in sheriff Johnson 's little glass - in cubicle , a blanket around she shoulder , sip a steaming cup of coffee . in the outer office , we see Pearl Johnson come in , confer a moment with a deputy . now both sheriff and deputy stare in at Annie . now the sheriff come in , take a seat at he desk . sheriff johnson how you doin 's ? annie okay . the sheriff pull a half - smoke cigar out of he pocket , light it . sheriff johnson I just talk to Wayne . he pretty much admit to ever'thing . he say he be sorry for what he try to do to you . he say he just go pure-crazy - he take the cigar from he mouth , shaking he head as he inspect it as though it 's the enigma . sheriff johnson I have know that boy half my life - just go to show you , you can know somebody and not know he . annie how 's he head ? sheriff johnson you put a pretty good dent in it . annie no , sheriff , I tell you , it be buddy Cole - he save I - sheriff johnson it be not buddy . annie ( take aback ) sure it be . ask Wayne . sheriff johnson I do . he do not remember what happen . head injury be funny ... annie sheriff , I be tallin ' you , it be - sheriff johnson ma'am , what I be tryin ' to say be , it could not have be buddy . I just call ever to the state hospital - annie buddy escape , he - sheriff johnson ma'am - buddy Cole be dead . he hang hisself in the shower room at seven o'clock this evenin ' ... from Annie 's stunne face , we : dissolve to : ext . a cemetery - day Annie , Mike , Miller , and Ben be stand in front of a freshly dig grave . now we get a look at the name on the tombstone : " buddy cole . " annie ( to Miller ) go ahead ... Miller put some flower on the grave . they stand there quietly for a few more moment - and then Annie start to usher she kid away . mike ( anxiously ) mama ? Annie look at Mike ... she know what he want ... Annie nod and smile a little , and Mike smile too . the wilson walk across the cemetery . the grass be lush and green . it 's a gorgeous spring day , with billowy white cloud sailing across the sky like ship . they pass among the tombstone and the flower , till they reach another grave . Annie and she kid stand there look at it ... the tombstone say : " BEN wilson . " Annie 's eye moisten - she seem to be make a effort to control herself . miller mama - can daddy see we from out of the ground ? and now a low , terrible moan escape from Annie , and , as though punch in the stomach , she drop to she knee in front of the grave . she cry , she sob with all the pent - up hurt of she break heart ... her son be look at she , a little frighten by what 's happen . Mike and Miller have begin to cry too , though Ben 's too little to cry . and now Annie look up at they , and she suddenly grab Mike and hug he hard , and then gather up all three of the kid in she arm ... annie daddy 's not in the ground - but I think he can see we ... dissolve to : the cemetery - a little later Annie and she son be walk back to they car . Annie have she arm over Mike and Miller 's shoulder , while Miller 's hold on to Ben Jr. 's hand . they look sad , and yet at the sane time , in they share sadness , somehow close and happy . the camera pull away from Annie and she son as they reach the car and get in . now Annie 's car move out of the cemetery onto a road as the camera pull back further , to show both the cemetery and the little town to which the road lead ... fade out the end