the hospital written by paddy chayefsky shoot draft 1971 the hospital . day . may , panoramic view of the Hospital -- a vast medical complex , a sprawling pastiche of architecture extend ten block north and south on first Avenue and east to the river . the Hospital be found in the late 19th century , and there be still a few begrime victorian bedlam and bastilles among the building . mostly though , it be Medical modern 1971 , white and chrome and lot of glass and concrete shaft and rotunda . a spanking new Community mental Health Clinic tower among the tenement at the northern end of the complex . on the far side of first Avenue , a twenty - story apartment house with recess balcony and picture window to house the resident staff have just recently be complete , and next to it , eight ghetto building be be demolish to make way -- accord to the construction company 's sign -- for a new drug Rehabilitation Center , to be complete in 1973 , we should all live so long . this be where the shatter sound of construction be come from . a block length of generator and cement and demolition machine be pounding , crashing , scream . traffic honk and brays up first Avenue . it be a cold spring morning -- 10:00 a.m. a 1966 station wagon pull up to the Holly pavilion . a tiny , fragile , white - bearded old man , almost lose in he overcoat , be help from the rear of a station wagon and slowly lead to the entrance door by a middle - age nurse . narrator on Monday morning , a patient name guernsey , male , middle - seventies be admit to the hospital complain of chest pain . holly pavilion . eighth floor corridor the old man be now in a wheelchair push by a hospital orderly down the corridor . narrator he have be refer by a nursing home where the doctor have diagnose he condition as angina pectoris . now it be axiomatic that nursing home doctor be always wrong . room 806 the old man , shirtless , be propped on the edge of the bed , wheeze . dr . schaefer , a young intern in white - uniform , perches beside he with the old man 's chart in he lap , take down he history . the other patient in the two -bedd room , a middle - aged man , be comatose and all rig up with i.v. 's and catheter . narrator the intern who admit Mr. guernsey , however , accept the diagnosis and prescribe morphine , a drug suitable for angina but not at all suitable for emphysema , which be , unfortunately , what the old man actually have . within a hour ... eighth floor corridor two orderly rush the old man' bed with , of course , the old man in it , past the nurse ' Station and into a wait elevator . narrator ... the patient become unresponsive and diaphoretic and be race up to intensive Care with a irregular pulse of 150 , blood pressure 90 over 60 , respiration rapid and shallow . intensive care a oxygen mask be apply to the old man 's face by the resident . narrator the resident on duty now compound the blunder by treat the old man for pulmonary edema . he give he digitalis , diuretics and oxygen . this restore the old man 's color ... eighth floor corridor the elevator door open . two orderly wheel the sleep man on he bed back around the nurse ' Station and down the corridor to he room . narrator ... and he be send back to he room in the Holly pavilion , ruddy complect and peacefully asleep . room 806 . evening the old man be back in he room sleep serenely , he tiny body make barely a ripple in the white sheet that cover he . the room be in hushed shadow . a yellowish light diffuse into the room from the half - open bathroom door . the other patient in the room remain as before , comatose and silent . narrator in point of fact , the patient be in co2 narcosis ... room 806 all the light be on now . nurse penny canduso and a orderly be wrapping the old man in a post- mortem shroud . brubaker , the senior resident , be give hell to schaefer , the intern . narrator ... and die at seven-thirty that evening . the shroud body of the old man be wheeled out of the room . camera stays on the vacate bed . narrator I mention all this , only to explain how the bed in room 806 become available . pan from bed to schaefer , now alone in the room and regard the empty bed with frown interest . schaefer be a scraggly young fellow , bespectacle , with a contemporary mess of hair and a swinging unkempt moustachio . hold on schaefer . narrator the intern involved be a prickly young buck name schaefer who have a good thing go for he with a technician in the hematology lab . in the haphazard fashion of hospital romance , Dr. schaefer have be zap this girl on wheelchair , stretcher , pantry shelf ... Dr. schaefer move for the phone on the table between the two bed . narrator ... in the kitchen , in the morgue , in the dark corner of corridor ... schaefer speak softly into the phone . narrator ... stand up , sit down -- so you can imagine what a available bed mean to he . schaefer ( on phone ) hey , Sheila , this be Howard , Sheila . hey listen . I get we a bed for tonight . a real , honest - to - god bed . freeze on close - up of the beam , lubricious schaefer on phone as credit and music erupt onto the screen -- the hospital interspersed with credit , the follow scene : room 806 . night Dark . just a bit of moonlight streaking through the not quite close bathroom . the hallway door open , and a young woman , carry a top coat , slip quickly in giggle like hell , follow by schaefer , who be likewise giggle and admonish she to be quiet . her name be sheila . Sheila notice the other patient in the room sleep away and look questioningly at schaefer , who reassure she as he remove she coat . after which he strip off he own white jacket and trousers and hang they in the armoire . the girl ask in a hoarse whisper if they be go to get totally nude and wonder if that 's such a good idea . for a answer , schaefer fondle she crotch . they both giggle , they both shush each other , they giggle again ; they be both stone . the girl unzipper she dress . the dark room be fill for the moment with the flurry of undress , flung garment , elbow , leg and arm , bumping into each other , and Sheila say between giggle , " Boy , I sure hope nobody walk in . " they eventually wind up on the unoccupy bed , and the scene end look across the sleep profile of the patient in the other bed as schaefer and he girl thump away at each other with much creak of spring , moan , groan , giggle and the white - limb pattern of fornication . room 806 Dark , silent , hushed . the fun and game be over . Sheila be in front of the armoire . she slip back into she dress , after which she tiptoe back to the bed where schaefer be deeply asleep , smile in postcoital peace . Sheila bend , shake he shoulder . sheila ( whisper ) I will see you . schaefer smile , grunt , sleep on . end of credit . fade out . fade in : the hospital . 6:30 a.m. next morning , tuesday a cold newly - dawn sun shine down on the vast sprawling complex of the hospital . desultory early morning traffic on first Avenue . holly pavilion , eighth floor the night shift of nurse be close out another night 's work , which have be on the whole uneventful . the head nurse , mrs . reardon , hunch over she paperwork . nurse elizabeth river sit at the desk beside she , rest she head on the palm of one hand . nurse's aid j.c. miller cross with a armful of linen . she disappear into the pharmacy and supply area behind the nurse ' Station . in the west corridor , nurse lucinda PEREZ glance at she watch , then pad down to room 806 . she enter . room 806 . day a cold gray light cheerlessly illuminate the room . nurse Perez check the i.v. on the comatose patient who be in the bed nearest the door . then she turn to regard the other bed -- which give she pause . nurse's p.o.v. : intern Dr. schaefer be lie on this bed , rigid , eye dilate , pupil stare unsee . a i.v. tube stick out of he naked right arm . nurse Perez do not quite know what to make of the fact that Dr. schaefer be lie on that bed with a i.v. tube stick out of he look dead . frown , she reach out a tentative hand to shake he naked shoulder . nurse PEREZ Doctor schaefer ... there be , of course , no response . a terrible suspicion enter nurse Perez 's mind , and she close she eye and sigh a long shudder sigh . then she open she eye and , with a second and briefer sigh , reach for schaefer 's neck to take he pulse . clearly , the result be not encourage . she sigh another short sigh and regards schaefer 's unblink , dilate pupil . it 's all a bit too much for she ; she shuffles to the window and stare out into the gray morning where thing be a little more comprehensible . once again , she return to the bed , regards schaefer 's death mask . she raise the bedsheet and , for one short but appreciative moment , consider schaefer 's naked body . she let the bedsheet carefully down . she sigh again . nurse PEREZ ( try again , with little hope ) Doctor schaefer ? she sigh , turn and leave the room . eighth floor corridor nurse Perez , frown and pursing she lip , move slowly back to ... eighth floor , nurse ' station head nurse reardon be still bent over she paperwork . nurse PEREZ listen , do you know Doctor schaefer be in eight -o - six , because he 's dead ? mrs . reardon ( late forty , continue she painstake paperwork , grunt ) what ? nurse PEREZ I be just tell you , Dr. schaefer be dead . mrs . reardon ( work on ; after a moment , look up ) what do you want , Perez ? nurse PEREZ look , I do not know what the hell this be all about , but Dr. schaefer be in room 806 with a i.v. run and he 's dead . I do not even know he be sick . mrs . reardon ( regards Perez a moment ) Perez , what the hell be you talk about ? ( appeal to nurse Rivers come out of the floor pharmacy ) do you know what the hell she 's talk about ? nurse PEREZ well , maybe I be go crazy . I do not know . be not room 806 the patient guernsey ? I mean , do something happen I do not know about ? mrs . reardon Perez , I do not know what you be talk about . nurse PEREZ this be the nuttiest thing I ever see . Dr. schaefer 's in room 806 dead . mrs . reardon what Dr. schaefer ? we Dr. schaefer ? nurse PEREZ we Dr. schaefer . the one who 's always grab everybody 's ass . mrs . reardon ( to nurse Rivers ) do you know what she 's talk about ? I do not know what she 's talk about . ( to Perez ) what do you mean Doctor schaefer 's in room 806 dead ? nurse PEREZ I mean , he 's lie on the far bed , stone dead , and with a i.v. tube stick out of he . and if you do not believe I , maybe you just ought to get up and look for yourself . with a short , irritable sigh , Mrs. reardon abandon she paperwork and head down the west corridor , follow by nurse Perez and Rivers . camera track as Mrs. reardon turn to nurse Rivers . mrs . reardon all right , maybe you would better call Mrs. Christie . phone ring . bock's HOTEL room Dark . venetian blind draw . tv set on , a gray coarse - grain square . phone ring . dr . herbert bock , 53 year old , a large man , bulky , dishevel , apparently fall asleep in a chair while watch television the night before . the bed still have its spread on but be rumple . bock be in trousers and shirt , collar open , barefoot . phone ring . the read lamp be the only light in the room except for the sheen of gray hiss from the television . newspaper litter the floor . book , two - day-old plate of food , yesterday 's mug of coffee , cigar-stuffed ashtray , a shirt , a pair of pants , a winter overcoat , a batter gray fedora have be sling about . phone on the bedtable ring again , begin to penetrate the sotte sleep of the man . two bottle of booze , one empty , and a clump of glass be on the coffee table in front of bock . he grunt , open a eye . phone ring . bock suddenly exsufflate in a snort grunt . he stand , shuffles to the bed , a big , sodden fellow , pick up the receiver , interrupt its next ring . he sink , sit on the bed . bock this be Dr. bock ... yes , Mrs. Christie , what be it ? it 's all right , I would be get up in a few minute anyway ... I be sorry I miss that . would you say it again ? yes , I know he , schaefer , the stud with the glass , who fancy the nurse ... I be afraid I do not understand that , what do you mean ? be he sick ? I mean , be he ... uh , what be the cause of death ? be he be treat ? I do not understand . what be he do in the bed ? you do say he ... look , Mrs. Christie , do you call the office ? good , well , I will ... no , no , it 's all right . I will be get my wake - up call any minute anyway . he return the receiver to its cradle , sit disorient , unbuttone he shirt . hospital . morning . 8:00 a.m. long shot of the hospital , now alive and jump . taxis pull up and out of the large U -shape drive . a noisy picket line of about twenty chant protester parade with sign in a uneven ellipse . grumbling protester ( chant ) two -four ! help the poor ! most of the placard be slogan-y : " people yes ! doctor no ! " -- " cure poverty ! heal the poor ! " two protester move toward the street , wave and yell at a approach car . one , a young white fellow wear a sandwich board that go into the matter at some length : " we protest the eviction of 386 black family and the destruction of there home to serve the expansionist policy of this imperialist hospital . " in the back seat of the car sit JOHN sundstrom , handsomely gray , tan , early fifty , the director of the Hospital . he look up . that young demonstrator , dr . ives , a sandy - haire bespectacle man of 30 in a white doctor 's coat , sidle to the car 's open rear window angrily shouting . dr . ives what do you say , sundstrom ? how much longer do you think we monopolistic , exclusionary , racist policy will work ? protester we be the hope ! sundstrom lower he window and give he driver direction . he exit in the background parking area , where he notice bock emerge from he car . sundstrom wait for he . sundstrom so how 's it go , herb ? bock 's sour glance say it all . he lock he car , join sundstrom , and the two man start down the concrete ramp . bock ( after a moment ) one of my intern drop dead this morning . sundstrom really ? I be sorry to hear that . I understand you have move out to a hotel . bock yes . sundstrom it get that bad with Phyllis ? bock it 's be that bad for twenty - four year . be you go to be solicitous ? sundstrom yes . bock oh , God . they trudge across the u-shape entrance drive , pause to let a car pass . sundstrom listen , herb , I be the guy who bring you into this hospital , so I think I can skip the diplomatic overture . marty stop I in the hall yesterday , very upset . he have just have lunch with you and say you sound suicidal . marty tend to be extravagant , but he 's not the only one . Jack Singer mention the other day you have be booz it up a lot . and let 's face it , you have be sloughing off . I understand you have not even be do round . bock I be go to do round today . they pick they way around the shuffle line of protester -- many with afro haircut and tinted glass , include a black minister and four young white activist . hospital , holly pavilion , executive corridor early -arrive secretary chat in the doorway . the corridor itself connect to the bryce pavilion ( pediatrics , gynecology and obstetric ) , so a steady stream of traffic move back and forth . bock and sundstrom enter the corridor and slow to a halt to continue they chat by a wall . sundstrom herb , want a couple of day off ? bock no . sundstrom go down to montego Bay , get drunk , get laid , get a little sun . bock for God 's sake , John , I be fifty - three year old with all the attendant fear . I just leave my wife after twenty - four year . Standard case of menopausal melancholy . sundstrom maybe you ought to have a talk with Joe einhorn . bock I do not want to see a psychiatrist . stop worry about I . all I have to do be get my ass back to work , and I will be fine . I be sorry I have cause you concern . he set off down the long corridor to the elevator . milton mead , the administrator of the Hospital , come out of one of the office , wave a good morning to bock , who acknowledge he and plod on . mead come up to sundstrom , now move toward he own office . milton mead sid just call from St. luke 's , and he 's hear that the demonstrator up there be plan a march to join the bunch down here . sundstrom oh , god. ( he wrap he arm around mead 's shoulder , ushere he into he office area ) do you call the cop ? milton mead yes . holly pavilion , eighth floor . 8:15 a.m. the elevator door open . out come bock , overcoat unbuttone now . he clump to the nurse ' Station . a unusual number of nurse seem to be there . through the doorway of the floor pharmacy , we can see nurse Rivers of the night shift be comfort by nurse Perez of the night shift and nurse Edwards of the morning shift . the head morning nurse , mrs . donovan , be at the desk hunch over she paperwork . ( nurse be always hunch over they paperwork . ) nurse felicia chile be also seat at the desk do some paperwork . head nurse donovan look up briefly as Dr. bock approach . mrs . donovan ( back to she paperwork ) they be all in eight -o - six , Doctor . bock what happen ? mrs . donovan I think I will just let Mrs. Christie tell you about it . bock lumber off for the west corridor through a press of activity . Kitchen worker trundle creak portable cart , nurse 's aid and attendant pop in and out of doorway bear trays and use dish . a robe patient or two ambulate along the hall . Morning round have just start , which mean a clump of white - jackete , white - trouser young doctor be gather in a gaggle at the far end . the group include senior resident monroe brubaker , junior resident harvey biegelman , intern SAM chandler and irving ambler and another medical student , all loung outside a door discuss the condition of the patient within . Chandler be present the case from a handful of notecard in he hand . the other lean against the wall , listen . they wear shirt and tie with the exception of ambler , who be new to the floor and still in the canonical white tunic under he jacket . they be all in they twenty and have swinger sideburn and occasional mustaches . when he spot Dr. bock , senior resident brubaker turn the round over to biegelman and join bock just outside 806 . brubaker ( as he approach , roll he eye ) oh boy . bock what happen ? brubaker I have see some pretty good snafus , but this one ... I mean , there 's a certain splendor to this one . one of the night nurse , a float , think schaefer be a patient and plugge a i.v. into he . he be a diabetic , you know . bock what do you mean , a nurse plugge a i.v. into he ? brubaker oh , it 's really a screw - up story , Doctor . you see , what happen be we have a old man in that bed who die last night , so the bed be available . and you know schaefer . he 's sammy stud . bock and he talk a nurse into zap he on that bed . brubaker I think it be a girl from hematology he 's be run with . bock my God , it 's a Roman farce . the door to room 806 open , and a Assistant administrator name hitchcock poke he head out . hitchcock I think I hear you out here , Doctor . ( he too roll he eye heavenward in a expression of incredulity ) bock make a noise and go into ... room 806 aside from hitchcock , the room include mrs . christie , the director of nurse , a fusty forty -six , in streetclothes ; head night nurse , Mrs. reardon , in uniform ; head even nurse , mrs . dunne , mid-fifty , who have apparently be call in from home because she 's in mufti and wear a winter coat ; and , of course , the comatose patient and the dead Dr. schaefer . Mrs. Christie be instruct the two nurse . mrs . christie I will need one from both of you , three copy , and I suggest you do that right now . the form be in my office ... Mrs. dunne , on the verge of tear , head bob , look up to bock . mrs . dunne I be really so terribly sorry about this , Dr. bock. I ... bock ( regard schaefer 's rigid death mask ) as I understand it , one of the nurse inadvertently administer a i.v. to schaefer here . how the hell could that happen ? hitchcock listen , I think we ought to straighten this out somewhere else . mrs . christie yes , very good idea . oh God , what a mess . they all file out now , bock in the rear into ... hallway , nurse ' station and lobby area they all go along to the nurse ' Station where Mrs. reardon and Mrs. dunne disappear into the room behind . Mrs. Christie lead hitchcock and the trail bock to the tv - solarium ; but Dr. brubaker be now hold he round there . he stand , quietly expound on the use of heparin , a decoagulant . one of the patient last night have hemorrhaged consequent to injudicious use of that drug . listen , the other young doctor make note . Mrs. Christie lean against the wall . apparently , the conference be to take place in the corridor . background activity continue normally . mrs . christie ( with a sigh ) well , this thing happen , of course . hitchcock I suppose I would better call the Medical examiner . bock I still do not know what happen . mrs . christie well , it take a hour to get it sort out . it seem a patient name guernsey die last night in eight -o - six , but that information be not give to the night nurse . this thing happen . bock have begin to get the drift . a curious state of apathy settles over he . mrs . christie ( rattling on ) at any rate , accord to the cardex , the patient guernsey be down for twenty - five milligram of sparine q- 6 - h , so Mrs. reardon send nurse Perez to give he he twelve o'clock shot . meanwhile , it seem Dr. schaefer have usurped that particular bed for he own purpose . Dr. brubaker suggest it be for a love tryst , and some weight be give that hypothesis by the fact that Dr. schaefer be naked . bock ( try to give he attention to this ) I get the drift , Mrs. Christie . in other word , nurse Perez go in and sedate Dr. schaefer think it be the patient guernsey . my God ! what I do not understand ... mrs . christie if I may finish , Doctor . well , after Perez give he he shot , she notice the i.v. on the bed have be pinch off , and she report that back to Mrs. reardon , who then assign nurse Rivers to restart the i.v. ( bock sigh ) now Rivers be a float . she do not even know the staff people on the floor , and nobody know what the patient guernsey look like anyway , since he would only be admit that morning . bock so she plugge a i.v. into he . mrs . christie yes . bock how much ? mrs . christie a liter . bock ( the doctor in he intrude into he lassitude ) a five percent glucose solution will not kill anybody . do he have any other ancillary condition ? he be not dehydrated , be he ? do not anybody bother to go in to check he during the night , even under the impression he be merely a patient ? be he hyperasthmolic ? do he have a bad heart ? he must have have some kind of thrombosis . I want the post do here , Mr. hitchcock . and you and I better have a little chat , Mrs. Christie , about you excessive use of float nurse . mrs . christie I have get nearly a thousand nurse in this hospital . bock ( gather rage ) and every time one of they have she period , she disappear for three day . my doctor complain regularly they can not find the same nurse on the same floor two day in a row . what the hell be I suppose to tell that boy schaefer 's parent ? that a substitute nurse assassinate he , because she could not tell the doctor from the patient on the floor ? my God , the incompetence here be absolutely radiant ! I mean , two separate nurse walk into a room , stick needle into a man -- and one of that be a number eighteen jelco ! -- tourniquet the poor sonofabitch , anchor the poor sonofabitch 's arm with adhesive tape , and it 's the wrong poor sonofabitch ! I mean , my God ! where do you train you nurse , Mrs. Christie ? dachau !? ( he be aware he voice have rise and be attract attention . he lower he voice ) all right , wrap he up and get he down to pathology . I be especially interested in he blood sugar . a liter of glucose never kill anybody . you lady must have do something else to he . mrs . christie will there be anything else , Doctor ? bock no . hitchcock before you call the family , Doctor , I wish you would talk to Mr. mead about this . we would like , naturally , to avoid litigation . bock head abruptly down the corridor to the elevator . holly pavilion , seventh floor , corridor a corridor of office . this be the Department of Medicine , where bock and all the senior staff member of the department have they office . it 's quiet , since most of the staff be away at they various specialty about the hospital . bock come up the corridor still wear the overcoat he arrive in some hour ago . he have only manage to unbutton it in all the time it have take he to reach the corner office . gilt lettering on the door read : department of medicine and below that dr . herbert E. bock . bock's office , outer office small office with two desk . as Department Chief , bock get two secretary . both be at they desk , one on the phone , miss gloria lebow , and the other rattling away on the IBM , miss stephanie mcguire . miss lebow ( mouth ) coffee ? it would seem not . bock wave a listless hand , exit into ... bock's private office the modestly impose office be line with medical tome . bock slip out of he coat and jacket and hang they in the closet . in shirtsleeve with he tie a bit askew -- fastidiousness in dress be not bock 's strong point -- he cross to he desk and sit , breathe more heavily than he small exertion would seem to warrant . he seem exhaust . there be a knock on the door . miss lebow enter , hold a filing envelope stuff with papers . miss lebow a few thing have be pile up . would you like to go into they ? a guttural noise indicate yes . miss lebow pull up a chair , open she folder . miss lebow a quickie . Dr. esterhazy want to start hire temporary people to cover the summer vacation . he say last year some of the replacement people do not receive they check until they wait six month . he wonder if you could do something about get this people pay more promptly . she place a sheet of paper on the desk in front of bock . he try to give he attention to it . miss lebow ( drone on ) miss aronovici complain the lab report be come in slow into the e.r. I call Dr. immelman about that , and she say three microscope have be steal out of she lab in the last two month . charley Waters also complain about pilferage . I have clump all that together for you ... ( she lay a sheaf of memo in front of bock , who stare at they blankly ) now , as you know , Doctor , we have agree to take over the local ambulance case as part of the hospital 's commitment to the community , and it 's create a serious overload in the e.r . I do not know why this be dumped in we lap , but ... bock obviously be not up to all this . he wave a limp hand to stop miss lebow 's morning report . bock ( stare at he desktop ) find out if Dr. einhorn be in he office yet . miss lebow which Dr. einhorn ? ophthalmology or psychiatry ? bock psychiatry . ( suddenly stand ) never mind . I will look in myself . he lumber across the room and out into ... bock's outer office ... and down past miss mcguire , rattling away on she IBM , and out into ... holly pavilion , seventh floor , corridor ... down past several close door , stop at a door mark department of psychiatry , dr . joseph einhorn . he enter . dr . einhorn office , secretary's office a secretary at she desk , sip coffee and read a paperback novel . bock be he in ? the doctor be obviously in . he can be see through the open door sit at he desk write in a notebook . bock lean in . bock can you give I a few minute , Joe ? einhorn ( short , chunky , bespectacle , late fifty ) of course . bock go in , close the door behind himself . dr . einhorn office bock look only at the floor . bock ( ill at ease ) I have be have period of acute depression recently . apparently , it 's become noticeable . a number of people have remark on it . anyway , John sundstrom think it might be a good idea if I speak to you about it . einhorn do you want to sit down , herb ? bock no. I be not good at confessional . ( he amble around ) well , what can I tell you ? the last year , two , three ... it go way back , I suppose . I can remember entertaining suicidal thought as a college student . at any rate , I have always find life demand . I be a only child of lower- middle - class people . I be the glory of my parent . my son the doctor . well , you know . I be always top of my class . Scholarship to Harvard . the boy genius , the brilliant eccentric . terrify of woman , clumsy at sport . God , Joe , how the hell do I go about this ? einhorn I understand you just separate from you wife . bock I leave she a dozen time . she leave I a dozen time . we stay together through a process of attrition . obviously sado-masochistic dependency . my home be hell . we have get a twenty - three - year- old boy I throw out of the house last year . a shaggy -haire maoist . I do not know where he be , presumably building bomb in basement as a expression of he universal brotherhood . I have get a seventeen - year - old daughter who 's have two abortion in two year and get arrest last week at a rock festival for push drug . they let she off . the typical affluent american family . I do not mean to be facile about this . indeed , he do not . he be horrify by the fact he eye be wet and he be verge on tear . he turn away quickly . bock I blame myself for that two useless young people . I never exercise parental authority . I be no good at that . oh , God , I be no good at this either . Joe , let 's just forget the whole thing . I be sorry I bother you . he start for the door . einhorn how serious be you suicidal speculation , herb ? bock ( at the door ) I amuse myself with different way of kill myself that do not look like suicide . I would not want to do my family out of the insurance . einhorn digitalis will give you a arrhythmia . bock a good toxologist would find trace . potassium 's much better . sixty milli equivalent . instantaneous . of course , then you be stick with how to get rid of the hypodermic . forty milli equivalent . give you plenty of time to dispose of the evidence . einhorn you seem to have give considerable think to the matter . bock you ought to know a man who talk about it all the time never do it . einhorn I do not know . I see a man who 's exhaust , emotionally drain , riddled with guilt , and have be systematically stripping himself of he wife , child , friend , isolate himself from the world . be you impotent ? bock intermittently . einhorn what do that mean ? bock it mean I have not try in so long , I do not know . let 's just drop the whole thing , Joe . I feel humiliate and stupid . all I have to do be pull myself together and get back into my work . I be sorry I troubled you . take care of yourself . I will see you . before einhorn can say a word , he slip away and disappear into he own office . holly pavilion . 8:30 a.m. the score of protester outside the pavilion still move in a uneven ellipse and shout : " two -- four ! help the poor ! " ive , the bespectacle demonstrator who shout at sundstrom earlier , be remove he sandwich board and give they to he replacement . he hurry across the walk and into ... holly pavilion , lobby ive cut through the congestion of people and move swiftly up the long corridor lead to the farkis Building , unbuttone he overcoat as he go into ... the farkis build , fifth floor ... and come out , as the elevator open . this be a laboratory floor , and the corridor be empty except for a white - uniform orderly lean against a wall and for one young woman in a white smock in the background , who wave to the young man before disappear into one of the room . ive fish out a ring of key and unlock the door to he own lab . he enter into ... farkis build , nephrology lab dingy and cheerless place , as lab go . ive hang he coat in the cupboard , loosen he tie , unbutton he suit jacket , squat on a stool , reach over for a loose file on the work table , open the file and begin to read the papers inside . a door click open behind he , and without look up , he wave briefly to whoever have enter . camera dolly to full shot of ive frown over he note . we be suddenly conscious of a white - uniform presence behind he . we know it 's medical personnel , but we can not see the face . ive start to turn to the presence behind he , when suddenly a small hospital sandbag be whipped down on he head , and he slump forward , he forehead thumping against the black surface of the lab table . dissolve to : hospital . noon high angle shot establish the pass of hour . Sun high overhead , traffic on first Avenue a impenetrable river of honk and hoot . at a crosswalk , a loose procession of fifty or so shouting demonstrator , bear placard , flow toward the main gate . they poster read : " fight dope -- not dope ! " " drug yes ! transplant no ! " and " save our kide from the skid ! " which be what they now chant : " save we kid ! from the skid ! " the demonstration move through a handful of city cop where we original group of twenty still ramble around , chant : " two -- four ! help the poor ! " holly pavilion , eighth floor the staff elevator door open and bock come out , wear he long white doctor 's coat unbuttone . hanging about the nurse ' Station be Dr. brubaker and a few young man in white . they come quickly to respectful attention at bock 's entrance . clatter trays dominate the lunchtime atmosphere . bock all set ? brubaker yes , sir . the doctor move off toward the solarium on the east corridor overlook the river . they pass a curious quartet of people consist of a very handsome young woman in she late twenty in a out -of-fashion miniskirt ( she have great leg , long and tan . ) ; a elderly man , uncomfortable in city clothes and unmistakably a indian ; a tall overcoate man in he forty wear a minister 's white collar ; and a distinguished man dress in fashionable gray who be try to persuade the young woman of something . the young woman and the indian stand absolutely still , silent , impassive . the minister be more fidgety . bock ( to brubaker en passant ) who 's that exotic group ? brubaker ( murmur ) you get I . they have be here about a hour . one young doctor I think they be with the old man in eight -o - six . bock and brubaker , trail by young doctor , move into the tv room . bock Dr. perry say he pick the tuberculosis and the liver node for today , right ? brubaker yes , sir . bock good . because that 's the one I study up . a hell of a case . eighth floor , tv room some twenty - five or thirty young doctor , two or three of they black , three or four of they woman , fill the room . at bock 's entrance , they find place around the wall , sofa , soft chair and bench . the tv set have be push into a corner , and a large portable blackboard have be set up . this be the Chief of service round , attend by every available intern and resident . somebody close the door , just as two young doctor come hurry in . bock all right , who 's present ? emergency area , waiting room people of all age sit around on aluminum chair arrange around the wall of the room . all be in streetclothes . some speak to each other . a line of people , extend into the hallway and hold they chart , wait for a lady from the accounting department take Blue Cross number . this lady from accounting be mrs . cushing , late forty , bespectacle and testy . she call out at large . mrs . cushing be there anybody seat who have not be to see I first ? be there anyone here who have not give I they health insurance number ? her phone ring . she pick it up . mrs . cushing emergency room ... well , I do not know , sybil . what 's he name ? to a man on line at she desk , thrust he chart out to she . mrs . cushing would you wait a moment , please . I be on the phone , can not you see I be on the phone ? ( rummage through a stack of chart , large paper form in quadruplicate ) ... of course not , do they ever ? ( hang up , take two chart from the desk , push through the wait line ) would you mind , please . I have to get through , do you mind ? she make she way to the door and go out into ... emergency area , entrance lobby ... which be congest . Mrs. cush enter ... emergency , admitting and treatment room nurse ( on phone ) give I that one again ... thirty - two ? facing the desk be six curtain treatment room , mostly open to view . behind the desk be a supply room and another treatment room . both be occupy , the former by a paranoid lady wring she hand in a paranoid rush and listen to by a very patient young intern . paranoid lady they follow I everywhere . Three big black man . nake , completely expose . right in the street . hanging down to they knee . disgusting . they be wait out there for I now ... ... and in the other room , a man in he thirty be be treat for some sort of head laceration . in one treatment room , the Chief of emergency service , dr . spezio , a man in he late thirty , along with a intern , a anesthesiologist and a nurse , be bent over a naked and comatose young black woman of eighteen , cover somewhat with a sheet . she 's a junkie , be intubated , i.e. a small endotracheal tube have be insert into she mouth . this be the most melodramatic of the varied activity here . a middle - age man complain of chest pain be lie clothed in another treatment room ; a nurse attend he . a asthmatic middle - age woman sit in still another room be administer she 500 mge . of amenophylene subcutaneously . the curtain on another room be draw for privacy . on chair in the corner sit a teenage boy with a badly sprain ankle and a elderly man bathing he hand in a enamel basin hold in he lap . a young mother with a five - year- old daughter with a badly cut arm be be attend to by the back wall . the emergency room nursing supervisor , miss aronovici , a pretty woman in she mid-twenty , be sterilizing the little girl 's wound . Mrs. cush make she way to miss aronovici . they detest each other . mrs . cushing do you call upstairs and tell they to admit a patient name mitgang ? mrs . aronovici ( continue to treat the little girl ) the concussion ? mrs . cushing I do not know . they just call I . they say you do not fill out the chart . and where do you come off send anyone up to admit without my okay ? miss aronovici turn to Mrs. cush , regard she sweetly . mrs . aronovici Sally , would you get the fuck out of here . the patient 's in the holding room . you want he Blue Cross number , you go in and you get he Blue Cross number . Mrs. cush elbow back through the line of patient wait at the admit desk . mrs . cushing do you mind , please ... there be now three nurse behind the desk , all of they on phone . one nurse call to Dr. spezio . nurse o.p.d. want to know how that asthmatic they send down be . dr . spezio ( just leave the group around the junkie ) she 's fine . we would like to keep she here a little while . spezio head for the door where he be intercept by Mrs. cush . mrs . cushing May I see you a moment , Doctor , if you do not mind . dr . spezio ( sigh , call back to the triage nurse ) I will be right back . he go out , follow by Mrs. cush , into ... emergency area , lobby spezio and Mrs. cush move between laundry and supply cart . mrs . cushing ( thrust some papers at the doctor ) if you do not mind , Doctor , be this you handwrite ? spezio stop , sigh , examine the paper . mrs . cushing be I suppose to read that ? be it a sprain ? be it a break wrist ? I can not read that scribbling . I mean , I have to bill this people . I know you doctor be the minister angel , and I be just the bitch from the account Department , but I have my job to do too . I mean , if you do not mind , Doctor ...? dr . spezio ( study the paper ) the kid have a collar fracture . we have he in the o.r . we reduce it and we give he a small cast . he stride off . mrs . cushing ( call after he ) but do you give he a sling ? you must have take x-ray . how be I suppose to make up the charge ? she turn into ... emergency area , holding room design to hold patient who have be examine and wait to be admit to a room upstairs , it 's in fact use for examination , treatment , storage . the room be quiet . two male patient lie on comfortable stretcher , apparently sedate and rest . Mrs. cush turn to the patient immediately to she right as she enter . to the still figure she pose she question . mrs . cushing be you mitgang ? she get no answer from that bed . from another direction , a voice . mitgang I be mitgang . she turn to mitgang . something bother she about the first patient . she find mitgang 's chart tuck in under he pillow , take out she pencil . mrs . cushing do you carry Blue Cross , Blue Shield , Mr. mitgang , if you do not mind ? mitgang , eye close , emit a sound . mrs . cushing do you have you card with you ? ( no answer ) do you know you number ? negative grunt from mitgang . mrs . cushing Mr. mitgang , you be not leave this room until I have this information . nurse ( enter for some chore ) will you leave that man alone ? in a fit of temper , Mrs. cush throw the chart and she pencil down on the floor . mrs . cushing ( indicate the other patient ) do you mind if I at least ask this gentleman to fill out he chart ? she pull he chart from under he pillow , bend and retrieve she pencil from the floor , straighten . she speak to the silent patient . mrs . cushing May I have you a.h.s. policy number , sir ? no answer . camera move slowly in on the patient . we now recognize he as the bespectacle young activist Dr. ive , so recently coshed over the head with a sandbag . mrs . cushing ( loom ) do you carry Blue Cross ? Blue Shield ? Mrs. cush stare at the patient . he be not breathe . behind she , the nurse exit carry whatever she come for . Mrs. cush turn to she , but she be go . frown , Mrs. cush back out ... ... as Dr. spezio and other come down the corridor . mrs . cushing ( as spezio approach , with spiteful relish ) I think one of you patient in here be dead , Dr. spezio . dr . spezio ( enter the holding room ) why do you say that , Mrs. cush ? mrs . cushing because he would not give I he Blue Cross number , Dr. spezio . holding room spezio regards the death mask of a face . dr . spezio oh , Christ . he move quickly forward to raise the dead man 's eyelid . behind he , a nurse enter . he wheel on she angrily . dr . spezio how the hell long have this man be lie here ? be not this that doctor who come in around nine o'clock ? milton mead' office . 2:00 p.m. milton mead , late thirty , lean , efficient but under constant strain , be have he daily staff luncheon conference , which consist of a chief engineer , the assistant administrator of personnel , three resident in administration , include hitchcock , sandwich and coffee . chief engineer I mean , they give I a hard time , con Ed . " for Pete 's sake , " I say , " this be a hospital . one of we feedline just blow ... " mead 's phone ring and he pick it up . milton mead yeah ? ( it 's another annoyance ; he sigh with irritation ) chief engineer I mean , it 's lucky we trace it in time . milton mead ( on phone ) no , I will be right up . ( hang up , stand ) have we cover about everything ? administrative resident Dr. kish have be drive I nut with the o.r. schedule . milton mead he 's suppose to see I about that . he move across he office into ... mead' secretary's office actually a communal office with desk for three secretary . mead' secretary ( look up to mead from talk on the phone ) this be the emergency room . one of the doctor just die of a heart attack . milton mead ( pause ) one of we staff ? mead' secretary I think so . mead frown , lean back into he own office . milton mead ( to hitchcock ) Tom , you want to go down to the emergency room ? one of we doctor just die . hitchcock what ? another one ? milton mead yeah , see what that 's about . ( en passant to secretary ) I will be on Holly eight . I will be right back . holly pavilion , eighth floor the staff elevator door open , and milton mead come out . he have apparently be buttonhole in the elevator by a woman in a doctor 's coat , dr . immelman , pathology , who follow he out ... dr . immelmen it 's no longer pilferage , milton . it 's reach the point of piracy . that 's the third microscope this month . milton mead why do not we get together on this sometime this afternoon , Fran ? dr . immelman one o'clock ? milton mead one o'clock will be fine . he turn leave and head for ... holly pavilion , eighth floor , nurse ' station ... where head nurse donovan be bent over she paperwork . in the background , we see normal morning hospital activity . nurse 's Aid , sharlene stone , take towel into a room . r.n. Felicia chile come out of another , bear she enamel tray of instrument . also in the background , the curious quartet from before -- the beautiful woman , the elderly indian , the minister , Dr. Sutcliffe . mead hardly notice they as he make for the desk . mrs . donovan ( without pause or look up ) you brother 's in the room , Mr. mead . milton mead what room be it ? mrs . donovan eight-o-six . mead bob he head thank you and head for the west corridor . eighth floor , room as milton mead enter , he elder brother , william mead , mid - forty , a smaller and manifestly nervous man , be seat sullenly puffing a cigar , fidget , still wear he coat and hat . he look up briefly when milton enter and avoid he brother 's eye . his wife , marilyn , late thirty , be stand in suppress exasperation , stare out the window . out of respect for the comatose patient , the ensue agitate scene be hold in whisper . milton mead for heaven 's sake , Willie , you be go to be in the hospital for two lousy day . what be you make such a fuss about ? william mead you be suppose to be such a big wheel here . milton mead there be no private room available . if they bring in Jesus Christ fresh off the cross , I could not get him a private room . william mead I be not go to stay in a room with a die man ... marilyn mead he 's not die . they will screen he off . you will not even know he 's here . milton mead if you want a private room , go on home , and I will call you the first one that come up . but you be the one who phone I in a panic , you be go on a vacation . for heaven 's sake , Willie , they will cut this polyp out tomorrow morning . you will be home Thursday , you will be in Miami Friday . Marilyn , will you talk some sense into this lunatic ? marilyn mead well , you say it , he 's a lunatic . william mead Big wheel , can not even get I a private room . milton mead I will get you a tranquilizer ... he exit . eighth floor , tv room bock -- excited , vivid , alive -- be in full flush with he lecture . he move around in front of the blackboard , chalk in hand . the blackboard itself be scrawle with formulae and diagram . he be write the word " full abdomen , " as the fifth in a list read " ( 1 ) parexia , ( 2 ) hepatomegaly , ( 3 ) splenomegaly , ( 4 ) episode of arthralgia . " the audience be forty young doctor rapt with attention . there be a good deal of note-take . bock ... five , a full abdomen contrast to waste elsewhere ; six , ascite with a protein content above four gram ; unexplain anemia , leukopenia , unexplain elevation of the serum gamma globulin level , especially abnormal flocculation test , and of course , a positive p.p.d . all this finding assume special significance among negroes . this have be a very commendable workup , as commendable a workup of a f.u.o. as I can remember . the staff of this floor be to be applaud . ( spot brubaker among the other ) it 's a reportable case , brubaker . write it up . ( a brief , rare smile ) well , let 's go have a look at the girl . he rumble toward the door . the class of doctor dissolves into hospital murmur and mutter and a general dispersal . they follow bock out to ... eighth floor , east corridor ... where Dr. sutfcliffe , the beautiful young woman , the elderly indian and the minister be engage in agitate discussion . the girl and the indian retain they stoic impassivity . Dr. Sutcliffe leave they and move down the corridor to the counter of ... eighth floor nurse ' station sutcliffe nurse ! nurse , who 's the senior resident on this floor ? nurse that would be Dr. brubaker . but I be afraid he 's at Chief of service round right now . Sutcliffe point off right . sutcliffe that 's ... this way ? the nurse nod indifferently . across to bock come out of the tv room , follow by some dozen young doctor . bock be in very good spirit indeed . he quizze he young doctor en route : bock I wonder if there might not be some correlation between hepatic tuberculosis and drug addiction . presumably , there be a early consideration of s.b.e . brubaker ( off-screen ) yes , sir . we discount it after repeat blood culture be negative . bock you , ambler . be that right , ambler ? ambler yes , sir . bock what else do you look for in bacterial endocarditis ? ambler ( nervous ) some sort of embolic phenomenon , sir . bock good . sutcliffe ( flagging brubaker ) Dr. brubaker , I wonder if I could see you for a moment ? brubaker detach himself from he group to join Sutcliffe . camera stays with bock and he entourage , follow they down the east corridor , bock still happily conduct class . bock stride into ... room 819 past two bed , they group around the foot of a third bed on the right side of the room . bock check the patient lie in the bed . bock still a little icteric . who 's get a opthalmoscope ? one of the young man hand he to bock , who lean over the patient to look through it . bock do anyone note roth spot ? the doctor exchange a look as bock rise , move toward they , laugh . bock well , do not worry about it . there be not any . ambler , you be we big man on s.b.e . what be the latex - fixation ? biegelman it be not do , sir . bock do not you think that 's a important test to differentiate s.b.e. from miliary t.b . ? biegelman ( off-screen ) no , 's ... bock not you , biegelman . ambler . ambler well , there 's about a seventy percent incidence of false- positive latex in s.b.e . bock hand the opthalmoscope to ambler . bock you have be read up . if the diagnosis be s.b.e. , would a positive latex indicate anything in the therapy ? ambler we would expect the latex to become negative . bock if ...? ambler if the antibiotic therapy be successful . bock be you apply for you internship here ? ambler I be not sure . bock come and see I . ( to the patient , help she up ) would you sit up for a minute ? bock turn to the off -screen patient , help she sit up and forward , percuss she back as the student look on . eighth floor , east corridor brubaker and Sutcliffe be now both involved in discussion with the woman , the indian and the minister , as bock drift through the background , follow by the band of young doctor now disperse . bock cross past the foreground group to the staff elevator . he push the button . brubaker approach bock . they confer quietly in the hallway . brubaker we have get a little thing over here , Doctor . the girl over there be the daughter of the patient in eight -o - six . he be at the moment comatose and require intravenous feed and med . the elevator come and go , disgorge some , take on other . bock , who greet brubaker with a rare , benign smile , have begin to look a bit sodden . poor brubaker , aware of the gather storm in bock 's demeanor , sigh and continue regardless . brubaker the thing be , the daughter want to take the father out of the hospital and back to Mexico where they live . the patient 's name be drummond . he 's apparently a Methodist missionary , and he and he daughter run some kind of religious mission among the Apache Indians . the daughter claim to be a license nurse , so she can give the necessary i.v. treatment . I certainly do not think he should be let out of this hospital . the attend -- he 's the guy in gray over there -- concur . bock squint at brubaker . bock all right , wait a minute . let I have all that again . brubaker as a matter of fact , Doctor , this be Dr. biegelman 's case . bock never mind the professional ethic , what happen ? brubaker ( sigh ) I do not know why I be cover for that sonofabitch in farkis pavilion anyway . ( sigh and begin ) the patient , a man of fifty - six , be admit to the hospital ten day ago for a check - up , in good health , no visible distress . we do the mandatory work - up on he . blood culture , stool , l.e. prep , chest , e.k.g. , all negative . but there be apparently some evidence of protein in he urine . I do not know how that sonofabitch in farkis pavilion ever find out about it . maybe he have some kind of deal with one of the girl in the lab . anyway , he turn up the next day , con the patient into signing a authorization for a biopsy ... bock what sonofabitch in farkis pavilion ? brubaker some post - grad fellow name ive . elroy ive . I never meet he . he 's on one of the immunology research program . bock be you try to tell I some post - grad fellow come up here and do a biopsy on the patient ? brubaker yes , sir . he con biegelman with that old story about ... bock ... protein in the urine ? brubaker yes , sir . bock and he biopsie the man ? brubaker and he nick a vessel , and at two o'clock in the morning , they wake up biegelman because the nurse find the patient in shock . biegelman call the kidney people for a consult right away . what be there to see ? the man be sour and bleed . we speak to this fellow Sutcliffe , and he refer we to a surgeon name welbeck ... bock welbeck ?! that barber ! brubaker you be not hear nothing yet . so we finally get welbeck around four in the morning . he say , go ahead . so they laid on the surgery for eight . welbeck turn up , half -stone , order a i.v.p. , clear he for allergy ... bock ... without actually testing . brubaker right . bock and the patient go into shock ... brubaker ... and tubular necrosis . they lopped out the bleed kidney , run he back to the room , and we sit around wait for three day to see how obstruct he be . fever begin spike like hell , euremia , vomit , so we arrange hemodialysis . he 's put out good water now . but some nurse goof on he last treatment . a leak in the tube , something . his blood pressure plunge . they run he right up to i.c.u. , check out vital sign , all normal except he 's comatose . that be two day ago . bock in short , a man come into this hospital in perfectly good health , and , in the space of one week , we chop out one kidney , damage the other , reduce he to coma and damn near kill he . brubaker yes , sir . a great sad serenity have settle over bock . bock you know , brubaker , last night I sit in my hotel room , review the shamble of my life and contemplate suicide . then I say " no , bock , do not do it . you be a doctor , a healer . you be the Chief of Medicine at one of the great hospital of the world . you be a necessary person . you life be meaningful . " then I come in this morning and find out one of my doctor be kill by a couple of nurse who mistake he for a patient because he screw a technician from the nephrology lab ... brubaker hematology , sir . bock and now you come to I with this gothic horror story in which the entire machinery of modern medicine have apparently conspire to destroy one lousy patient . how be I to sustain my feel of meaningfulness in the face of this ? you know , brubaker , if there be a oven around , I would stick my head in it . what be the name of that sonofabitch from farkis pavilion again ? brubaker ive , sir . elroy ive . somebody ought to ream he ass . the gather storm erupt . rage suffuse bock 's face . out of respect for the hospital corridor and the people work around he and brubaker , he keep it glacial . but there be no mistake the volcanic fury he feel . bock ( barely contain himself ) I be go to ream he ass . and I be go to break that barber welbeck 's back . I be go to defrock that two cannibal . they will not practice in my hospital , I will tell you that ! brubaker what will I tell the girl , sir ? she say we have no legal right to stop she from take she father out . she 's willing to sign a a.o.r. form . bock let he go . before we kill he . the elevator door open . a couple of nurse come out . bock stride in . seventh floor , dept . of medicine corridor bock advance in a cold fury down to he office . he wrench the door open . bock's office , outer office miss lebow and miss mcguire clatter away at typewriter . sitting on a chair in the crowded office be a senior staff doctor , a man in he late forty , wear a coat similar to bock 's . he be dr . lagerman . he look up from the magazine he 's be leaf through as bock storm in . dr . lagerman hi , herb ... bock acknowledge he with a brusque nod , storm over to miss lebow . bock get I Dr. gilley . put he on page if you have to . I want to talk to he right now . I do not care if he 's operate . ( wheel around to miss mcguire ) and you get I some monkey name ive . ives. i- v-e-s , first name elroy . he 's in the farkis pavilion . dr . lagerman herb ... bock I want to talk to you , Joe . would you mind come into my office ? he stride , follow by Dr. lagerman , into ... bock's private office ... and slam the door shut behind he . bock have you get some punk name ive rotate in you department ? dr . lagerman listen , herb ... bock ( sit at he desk ) I also want to know what the hell kind of a dialysis room you be run . I just come from ... the phone ring . bock seize it . bock yeah ... gilley ? put he on . bock . do not you tell I a couple of month ago you be go to cut off all privilege for that assassin , welbeck ? yeah . wellbeck . he just butcher another one of my patient ... oh , come on , Harry ! the man 's a buccaneer ! I want he bring before the Medical executive Committee ... he 's in you department , Harry , not mine . he 's putatively a surgeon !... I will be here ! ( slam receiver down , stare at lagerman ) listen , Joe , I think you should know that you have get a research guy in you department name ive who 's be do some very dubious biopsy . we be have enough trouble squeezing grant out of the Nixon administration ... dr . lagerman ive be dead , herb . that 's why I be here . this give bock pause . he blink at lagerman . bock what do you mean , ive be dead ? dr . lagerman I mean he 's dead . he have a heart attack in the emergency room . bock he have a heart attack in the emergency room ? dr . lagerman yeah . bock ( blink ) what the hell be this ? some kind of plague ? ( stand ) where be he now ? dr . lagerman they be just take he down to pathology . holly pavilion , first floor , pathology dept bock , lagerman and hitchcock have gather across the shroud figure of Dr. ive on a stretcher . we be in the lab section of pathology ; in the background , through the glass part of the door separate the lab from the surgery room , we can see the autopsy on Dr. schaefer be perform . schaefer 's naked white cadaver be stretch out on a operate table . he have be open up and all he vital organ be be excise . it 's bloody . the autopsy be be perform by dr . brewster , the resident in pathology , dress in surgical scrub . hitchcock ... and the next thing anybody know , about three hour later , Mrs. cush from account come in and say there be a dead man in the holding room . bock you do not find anything grotesque about all this ? hitchcock what do you mean ? bock I mean , at half past eight this morning , we meet over a doctor who 's be kill intravenously , and here we be again , four hour later , with another doctor who have a heart attack in the emergency room . hitchcock well , what be you suggest Doctor ? do you think we have a mad killer stalking the hall of the hospital ? presumably , Dr. ive die of a heart attack and schaefer in a diabetic coma . people do die of this thing . it 's all perhaps coincidental , but I do not think I would call it grotesque . bock how long be they go to be on schaefer 's post ? he knock on the glass window of the door separate the laboratory from the operate room . Dr. brewster turn from he gory chore . bock make a gesture say , " how much longer ? " brewster raise ten blood - drench rubber - glove finger . bock turn and shuffles across the lab for the door out . bock ( pause at door , to lagerman ) I do not suppose you would like to call next of kin ? dr . lagerman no thanks . bock ( deeply depressed ) oh God , I need a drink . he go down ... the pathology corridor ... and be soon lose in the normal traffic of the area . the hospital . night crash of thunder . crackle of lightning . a horror-film rainstorm lash the vast dark complex of building . seventh floor , dept . of medicine corridor Dark , empty , silent . one lonely light at the lobby end of the long , close corridor of office . the door to bock 's office stand ajar and issue a trace of light . bock's office across the silent , dark , typewriter - cover desk of the two secretary through the doorway to bock 's private office , we can see bock at he desk , light by the desk lamp . he have a bottle of booze on he desk . he get up from he desk . he have make a decision . holly pavilion , eighth floor the corridor be silent ; the night light be on , subdued . head even nurse Mrs. dunne be back at she desk , hunch over paperwork . resident brubaker pass by . eighth floor , pharmacy nurse sherlee devine , a black woman in she mid-twenty , have a porcelain tray on the shelf onto which she put a small jar of alcohol , cotton swab , a wrap hypodermic needle and syringe . she move out into ... nurse ' station ... where Mrs. dunne look up as she pass . nurse devine mead . Mrs. dunne nod . nurse devine make she way silently down the sleep door to ... room 806 Dark , sleep . the bathroom light be on , but only a thin stream of yellow light trickle through the door . thunder crash . William mead sleep fitfully . the other patient be entirely curtain off . nurse devine set she tray on mead 's bedtable , turn on the goose - neck lamp , keep it from he eye . she unwrap the hypodermic syringe , set in the needle , draw the require dosage , reach over and gently shake mead by the shoulder . nurse devine ( softly ) Mr. mead ... Mr. mead , I have a injection for you . mead sleep on . expressionlessly , nurse devine extract mead 's right arm from under the sheet , wet a swab with alcohol and rub down the vein . the needle slide into mead 's vein . over this , we begin to hear a distant sibilant hissing , indistinct like the leakage of a bad heart . there be also a occasional distinctly human but not quite civilized sound . camera pull back slowly to nurse devine withdraw the needle , look up , for she too have hear the soft , strange sound . they emanate from behind the curtain of the other bed . nurse devine return the syringe to the tray , gather she thing and pad silently around mead 's bed to drummond 's bed . with she free hand , she open the curtain a little and stare in . nurse devine what the hell be go on in there ? nurse devine's p.o.v. : the indian and barbara drummond bend over drummond performing some pagan ritual . the hissing be barbara' contribution to the ceremony . ( it sound like pis - pis , and be in fact a imitation of the nighthawk , meant to appease the spirit of the thunder . ) the old indian have stripped to the waist and mark he body with smear of dye and tule pollen . he wear a ceremonial hat , a sort of bead beanie . he hold a small buckskin bag of pollen in he cup palm and be face north , east , south and west , offer the bag and prayer under he breath as he do . a bead amulet lie stretch across the white sheet cover the comatose drummond . when nurse devine draw the curtain , Barbara frown at nurse devine , hold a caution finger to she lip and draw the curtain close again . nurse devine , carry she porcelain tray , exit . eighth floor , nurse ' station bock come out of the elevator , jackete now , fairly drunk but hold it well . he head for the nurse ' Station as nurse devine come down the west corridor . bock grunt at Mrs. dunne and go into ... pharmacy ... where he quickly run he finger along the second shelf until he come to the bottle of potassium which he filch off the shelf and slip into he pocket . he rummages through the drawer for a hypodermic syringe . through the open doorway , we see nurse devine make she way swiftly up to Mrs. dunne at the desk . nurse devine well , honey , we get a witch - doctor in eight -o - six , and you better go in there . you know that indian that be sit in eight - o - six all night ? he 's still there , and the girl 's there , and they be do some voodoo in there , and I be not kid . behind Mrs. dunne , bock appear in the doorway to the pharmacy where he stand listen . mrs . dunne ( look up ) what be you talk about ? nurse devine I mean that indian 's in there , half - naked and go pis-pis- pis with a little bag . you just better get in there , Mrs. dunne . Mrs. dunne , annoyed , get up and head for the west corridor , follow by nurse devine and by a intrigue Dr. bock at a few pace behind . nurse devine ( to nurse weitzenbaum , come out of another room ) you want to see somethin' , baby ? you jus ' come here . as the small procession bear down , Barbara drummond slip out of that room to intercept they . barbara ( keep she voice low ) look , it 's a perfectly harmless ceremony , nothing to get excited about . it will be over in a few minute anyway . Mr. blacktree be a shaman who get he power from the thunder , and it 's imperative he conclude he ritual while the storm be still go on . nurse dunne visit hour be over at nine o'clock , miss . bock reach for the door to the room . barbara all that 's go on in there , Doctor , be a simple Apache prayer for my father 's recovery . bock make a vague noise , neither contradict she nor assent , and continue around she into ... room 806 as bock slide in , a bit of the corridor light come in with he . the curtain have be leave sufficiently open to reveal Mr. blacktree . he be still stripped to the waist and mark with cross of pollen . he extend two twig to the four direction after which he place the twig carefully on the white sheet cover drummond in a pattern around the amulet already there . behind bock , Mrs. dunne can be see peek in . the indian be oblivious to both of they . bock watch it all with interest for a moment and then back out into ... eighth floor corridor ... close the door after he . barbara the marking he 's make on my father 's arm be from the pollen of the tule plant . the twig have no significance other than they have be strike by lightning and be consequently appeal to the spirit of lightning . it 's all entirely harmless , a religious ceremony , not a medical one . bock you do not seriously believe all that mumbo-jumbo will cure he ? barbara on the other hand , it will not kill he , Doctor . they regard each other levelly . bock ( grunt ) okay . go ahead . he wheel and clump off for the stairway exit . barbara thank you . nurse weitzenbaum open the door of the room and peek in . at the stairway exit , bock pause to look back at all the woman in front of room 806 . bock miss drummond , be you still take you father out ? barbara yes . I still have to arrange a ambulance service . be there a phone around I could use ? bock use my office . barbara thank you . bock exit . Barbara edge past weitzenbaum , who be still peek into the room . room 806 Barbara come in , gather she coat and purse from a chair and move to the indian , now occupy with what seem to be the roll of a cigarette . the two exchange a brief dialogue in Apache . the old indian nod . Barbara turn and exit , take nurse weitzenbaum out with she and close the door . the room be dark and hushed again . blacktree light he cigarette and " send the smoke up , " a ritual which consist of puffing smoke to each of the four direction , mutter in Apache " May all be well " after each puff . camera slowly pan to the other bed where William mead sleep fitfully . the Apache word and pis-pis-pis penetrate mead 's drugge sleep . he open one eyelid and stare glazedly at the dark air . the sound persist . blacktree choose this moment to sidle out from behind the curtain and continue he ritual in the less - confine space at the head of drummond 's bed . it 's quite a sight for a nervous , sedate man to wake to . Thunder rumble and the rain slashes and a sudden , savage streak of lightning illuminate it all . mead figure it 's all a bad dream and , after a moment of dully regard the odd spectacle , close he one eye and go back to sleep . bock's office , outer office Barbara drummond come in . bock have apparently turn the light on for she , but bock himself be not immediately visible . she look through the half - open door to bock 's private office , and there he be , stare blankly at the bottle . Barbara start to say something , think better of it , lay down she coat , and look around , spot a Manhattan classified directory which she haul up from its shelf and set on miss lebow 's desk . she sit , quickly flip through the page . Barbara flip through the directory . bock be partially visible in the background at he desk . he sit soddenly . Barbara find what she want , open she purse and take out two airplane ticket . she dial . the clicking of the dial catch bock 's ear . he look up for a moment . barbara ( on phone ) hello . I would like to arrange a ambulance for one - thirty tomorrow afternoon ... thank you ... reverse across bock at he desk with Barbara partially visible at miss lebow 's desk . all he can see be she great long tan leg . barbara ( in background on phone ) ... drummond , first name , Barbara . I will pay cash ... bock stand a little unsteadily and move around he desk to get a better look at that leg . barbara ( on phone ) no , you be to pick up my father , drummond , Edward , at the Manhattan Medical Center , Holly pavilion , room eight -o - six . it 's a stretcher case . I presume you provide the stretcher . she sense bock watch she , turn , smile . she 's a very beautiful girl . she return to the phone . barbara he 's to be take to american Airlines , yes ... no ... Kennedy Airport , Flight seven-two-nine to yuma , Arizona . I will accompany the patient ... yes , thank you . she return the receiver to its cradle . when she look up again , bock be no longer there . she return the flight ticket to she purse , snap it shut , stand and move to the doorway , enter a step into ... bock's office bock , back at he desk , look up . bock you believe in witchcraft , miss drummond ? barbara I believe in everything , Doctor . bock like a drink ? barbara yes . bock drain he glass and pour she a hefty shot of bourbon . barbara ( from the door suddenly ) my father , you should know , be a very successful doctor in Boston , a member of the Harvard Medical faculty . he be a widower , and I be he only child . he be not a especially religious man , a sober Methodist . one evening , seven year ago , he attend a pentecostal meeting in the common room at Harvard and suddenly find himself speak in tongue . ( she take she drink and cross to the sofa ) that be to say , he suddenly sink to he knee at the back of the room and begin to talk fluently in a language which no one have ever hear before . this sort of thing happen frequently at pentecostal meeting , and they begin to happen regularly to my father . ( she sit ) it be not unusual to walk into we home and find my father sit in he office , utterly serene and happily speak to the air in this strange foreign tongue . I be , at that time twenty year old and have my obligatory affair with a minority group , in my case a hopi indian , a post - graduate fellow at Harvard do he doctorate in the aboriginal language of the Southwest . one day , I bring the indian boy home just as my father be sink to he knee in the entrance foyer in one of he trances . the indian wheeled in he track and say , " well , I will be a sonofabitch . " you see , my father be speak a Apache dialect , a obscure dialect at that , speak only by a rag band of unreconstructed Indians who have reject the reservation and be live in total isolation in the Sierra madre Mountains of northern Mexico . well ! what do you say to that , Dr. bock ? bock ( who have be stare at she as if she be insane ) what the hell be I suppose to say to that , miss drummond ? Barbara throw back she head and roar with laughter . bock I be sit here booz and , all of a sudden , you start tell I some dement story about you father 's religious conversion . barbara no , no , you miss the point , Doctor . not my father 's conversion -- mine . you see , I have be hit the acid pretty regularly at that time . I have achieve a few minor sensory deformity , some suicidal despair , but nothing as wild as fluency in a obscure Apache dialect . I mean , like wow , man ! I mean , here be live afflatus right before my eye ! within a week , my father have close he beacon Hill practice and set out to start a mission in the mexican mountain . and I turn in my s.d.s. card and my crash helmet and follow he . it be a disaster , at least for I . my father have receive the revelation , not I . he stand gaunt on a mountain slope and preach the apocalypse to solemnly amused Indians . I masturbate a great deal . we live in a grass wickiup and eat raw rabbit and crush pion nut . it be hideous . within two month , I be back in Boston , a hollow shell and dizzy with dengue , disenchant with everything . I turn to austerity , comb my hair tight and enter nursing school . I become haggard , drive and have shamelessly incestuous dream about my father . I take up with some of the senior staff at the hospital . one of they , a portly psychiatrist , explain I be generate by a unresolved lust for my father . I apparently crack up . one day , they find I walk to work naked and scream obscenity . there be talk of institutionalize I , so I pack a bag and go back to my father in the Sierra madre Mountains . I have be there ever since . that 's three year . my father be , of course , mad as a hatter . I watch over he and have be curiously content . you see , Doctor , I believe in everything . she pause , she story over . throughout , bock have be try to keep he glower eye on the desktop . during she long narrative , he once seize the bottle and take a swig . mostly he be find the experience murkily sensual . his glance keep darting out from under he brow to surreptitiously look at the beautiful long tan leg ; or , when she bend for the drink she set on the floor , to peer down the flap open scallop neck of she dress ; she be bra-less . she , on the other hand , have be crossing and uncross she leg , bend , stretch , so that she short dress have ride up almost to she waist and be save from utter exhibitionism only by the darkness of the shadow . she seem unaffected by bock 's voyeuristic interest in she , but she be surely not unaware of it . it be hard to believe she be not court he attention . bock now what be that all about , miss drummond ? barbara I think I be obvious as hell . I be try to tell you I have a thing for middle - age man . bock I admire you candor . barbara you have be admire a lot more than that . bock look up , and they suddenly find they eye lock . the dark , dense air in the room fairly steam with incipient sexuality . bock ( look down again ) you be waste you time . I have be impotent for year . barbara rubbish . with a crash of he fist on the desktop , bock stand ; he be in a drunken rage . bock ( lurch about ) what the hell 's wrong with be impotent ? my God , you kid be more hang up on sex than the victorian ! I have get a son , twenty - three . I throw he out of the house last year . pietistic little humbug . he preach universal love and despise everyone . he have a blanket contempt for the middle class , even its decency . he detest my mother because she have petit bourgeois pride in she son the doctor . I can not tell you how brutishly he ignore that rather good old lady . when she die , he do not even come to the funeral . he think the chapel service a hypocrisy . his generation do not live with lie , he tell I . " everybody life with lie , " I say . I grab he by he poncho , drag he the full length of we seven-room despicably affluent middle - class apartment and flung he out . I have not see he since . but do you know what he say to I as he stand there on that landing on the verge of tear . he shriek at I : " you old fink ! you can not even get it up anymore ! " that be it , you see . that be he real revolution . it be not racism and the oppress poor and the war in Vietnam . the ultimate american societal sickness be a limp dingus . hah ! ( he lurch about , laugh rustily ) my God , if there be a despise and misunderstand minority in this country , it 's we poor impotent bastard . well , I be impotent and proud of it ! impotence be beautiful , baby ! ( he raise a militant fist ) power to the impotent ! right on , baby ! barbara ( smile ) right on . bock ( stare drunkenly at she ) when I say impotent , I do not mean merely limp . disagreeable as it may be for a woman , a man may sometimes lust for other thing , something less transient than a erection , some sense of permanent worth . that 's what medicine be for I , my reason for be . when I be thirty - four , miss drummond , I present a paper before the annual convention of the Society of clinical investigation that pioneer the whole goddam field of immunology . a breakthrough ! I be in all the textbooks . I happen to be a eminent man , miss drummond . and you want to know something , miss drummond ? I do not give a goddam . when I say I be impotent , I mean I have lose even my desire for work , which be a hell of a lot more primal a passion than sex . I have lose my raison d'etre , my purpose , the only thing I ever truly love . it 's all rubbish anyway . transplant , antibody , we manufacture gene , we can produce birth ectogenetically , we can practically clone people like carrot , and half the kid in this ghetto have not even be inoculate for polio ! we have assemble the most enormous medical establishment ever conceive , and people be sicker than ever ! we cure nothing ! we heal nothing ! the whole goddam wretch world be strangulate in front of we eye ! that 's what I mean when I say impotent ! you do not know what the hell I be talk about , do you ? barbara of course , I do . bock I be tired , I be terribly tired , miss drummond . and I hurt , and I have get nothing go for I anymore . can you understand that ? barbara yes , of course . bock then can you understand that the only admissable matter leave be death ? he suspect he be go to cry and turn quickly away . he sit heavily and fight he tear . barbara sound to I like a familiar case of morbid menopause . bock oh Christ . barbara well , it 's hard for I to take you despair very seriously , Doctor . you obviously enjoy it so much . bock oh , bugger off . that 's all I need now , clinical insight . some cockamamie twenty - five-year-old ... barbara twenty -seven . bock ... acidhead 's go to reassure I about menopause now . look , I would like to be alone , so why do not you beat it ? Close the door and turn off the light on you way out . they be both suddenly conscious of a third presence in the room . they look to the door where Mr. blacktree , fully clothed again and carry he coat , be stand in the doorway . Barbara uncross she long leg and stand . barbara ( crossing to the door ) Mr. blacktree disapprove of my miniskirt , but it be the only thing I have to come to the city with . back at the tribe , I wear ankle - length buckskin . bock swell . just close the door and turn off the light . Barbara regards he hunch form and , murmure in Apache , she exit , close the door . in the subsequent hush , thunder rumble and crash . wind sweep the rain against the window pane . the sound go unheeded by bock , still as marble . slowly , he raise he head and sigh and then fish about in he jacket pocket to bring out the bottle of potassium and syringe . he take off he jacket , roll up he shirtsleeve , poke about for the vein . he remove he trouser belt , which he tie tightly about he upper arm for a tourniquet . now , he tear the wrapping of the syringe and fit the needle to it . fiddle about in the pocket of he jacket , he finally find a crumpled pack of cigarettes . he light one and return to the business of kill himself , puffing expressionlessly as he do . Thunder rumble and rain slashes . he carefully draw just the right amount of potassium from the bottle to the syringe , peer at the procedure against the light of he desk lamp . he set the cigarette on the ashtray , switch the hypodermic to he right hand , hold he leave arm rigidly out under the light of the lamp ... barbara' voice ( off-screen ) what be you shoot , Doc ? he turn slowly to the doorway , he bare leave arm still rigidly extend , the belt dangle , the hypodermic clench in he other hand . Barbara be perfectly frame in the doorway . he stare at she , slowly suffuse with the numb , blind , total rage of the abort suicide . the thunder crash . bock ( barely get the word out ) leave I alone ... she approach the desk affably , turn the potassium around to read the label . barbara potassium . you take enough of this stuff , it will kill you , doc. ( move toward the couch ) it occur to I that I might have read you wrong , that you really be suicidal . so I come back . bock 's rage erupt . he crash the hypodermic syringe down , shatter it . the potassium puddle on the wood . bock ( hysterical rage ) who the hell ask you ! he move around the desk , a shambling bear of a man , a leather belt dangle dementedly from he arm , tear coursing down he cheek . he advance on she in a stuperous shuffle . bock who the hell ask you ! she regards he lumber approach with a faint , grotesquely sensual smile . he reach with he naked leave arm to the neck of she dress and , with one savage wrench , rip she stark naked , sobbing through hysterical tear . bock leave I alone ! why the hell do not you leave I alone ! he be on she , crush she down into the shadow of the couch , ravenous at she neck and shoulder in a brutish assault , sobbing . bock why do not you let I do it ? who the hell ask you ! throughout the scene , camera move slowly in through the flesh and fury to a intense two - shot of this terrify act of love . then slowly over bock 's plunging shoulder to the woman 's face . she gasp at the moment of penetration , then she lovely face slowly shape into smile serenity . bock sob ; even in the shadow we can see the path of the tear on he cheek . abrupt silence . outside the hospital , night . 4:00 a.m. the quiet , black street glisten wetly in the puddle of lamplight . the steinmetz pavilion , tenth floor the night shift be finish up . theresa campanella , r.n. , a high -strung girl in she early twenty , stand at a water tap hold a glass and pop some pill in she mouth . to the room : campanella well , I will see you . tenth floor corridor . night campanella come out of the dialysis room , put on she coat and walk to ... holly pavilion lobby . night campanella move down the empty corridor . all the door be close now ; only the overhead light in the background of the corridor glow weakly . campanella put a cigarette in she mouth , pause to look for match ; she have not any . scowl with annoyance , she continue to the lobby and stop by a partially visible white - jackete figure read a newspaper . campanella do you have a match , Doctor ? she take the match , light she cigarette , inhale deeply , when he suddenly sandbag she from behind . she go down . bock's office . daybreak , wednesday cover by bock 's overcoat , Barbara toss and turn on the couch in a small nightmare . through the window come the first gray wash of dawn . full shot of Barbara , awake and up on one elbow on the verge of a scream . she look around the room . it be dark , empty , silent . across Barbara look through the door to the secretarial office . it be likewise dark , but suddenly the light go on and , a moment later , bock enter . he hold a container of coffee in each hand and have something white drape over he forearm . from under bock 's bulky coat , Barbara watch he lumber to he desk , where he set the container of coffee down . he drop the whitish garment over the back of a chair and then sit . he hoist a bulg folder of correspondence from he filing tray and hunch to work , read . after a moment , he regards the silent figure on the couch across the room . bock you would not be awake . barbara what time be it ? he rise , pick up the second container and white dress from the chair . she reach out a arm for the coffee . bock hold up -- a nurse 's uniform . bock I swipe this for you out of the nurse ' locker room . I will make good on you dress . I be afraid it 's tear beyond repair . buy yourself a new one or , if you like , give I you size and I will send it on to you . but I want to talk to you about that . barbara talk to I about what ? bock about you father . you really should not move he in he condition . I just have a look at he chart . there 's no reason to presume brain damage . you know as well as I you can not predict anything in this instance . he could pull out of that coma at any time . I think you should let he stay here . I will personally look after he . he have perch on the edge of the couch , and she rest she cheek against the long , bent curve of he back , smile . barbara be this you way of say you would like I to stay in town a few more day ? he turn to look at she , smile back . bock well , that would be nice , too . she sip she coffee . bock what do you say , miss drummond ? barbara I expect you can call I Barbara , consider you ravish I three time last night . bock Three time ? barbara oh , look at he , pretend he do not count . you be as puffed up as a toad about it . punched a couple of hole in you crusade for universal impotence , do not it ? I think we be on a first name basis by now . I will call you herb . bock let 's give you father a week , Barbara , what do you say ? barbara ( a frown darken she face ) no , I do not want my father in this hospital . I have a dream about this hospital . ( some of the terror show on she face ) I dreamt this enormous starch white tile building suddenly erupt like a volcano , and all the patient , doctor , nurse , attendant , orderly , the whole line staff , the food service people , the age , the lame -- and you right in the middle -- be stampede in one hideous scream suicidal mass into the sea . ( she stare at he wide - eye , relive the dream ) I be take my father out of here -- and as quickly as I can . they stare at each other , she in terror , he with affection . bock you be a real fruitcake , you know ? she set she coffee down on the couch and decide to wear bock 's overcoat rather than use it as a cover . she search for the sleeve . bock assist she . barbara well , let I put it this way . I love you . I fancie you from the first moment you come lumber down that hallway upstairs . I say to Mr. blacktree , " who 's that hulk bear of a man ? " the apaches be reverential about bear . they will not eat bear meat ; they never skin bear . bear be think of as both benign and evil , but very strong power . Men with bear power be highly respected and be frequently say to be great healer . by now she 's stand , the overcoat reach she toe . she look down at bock perch on the couch . barbara I say to Mr. blacktree , " that man get he power from the bear . " bock swell . now , look , do you have a hotel , some sort of accommodation where you can stay for a week or so ? Barbara reach for she coffee , sip , move around in she tent of a coat . barbara all right , let I put it this way , herb . my father and I accept the implacability of death . if he die , he die , but I be take he out of here and back to Mexico about one o'clock this afternoon . I want you to come with we , because I love you and want child . bock I be afraid Mexico sound a little too remote for I . barbara we could use you down there , you know . there 's a curiously high incidence of t.b. and you would be a doctor again , herb . you would be necessary again . if you love I , I do not see what other choice you have . bock what do you mean , if I love you ? I rape you in a suicidal rage . how do we get to love and child all of a sudden ? barbara oh , for heaven 's sake , herb , I ought to know if a man love I or not . you must have tell I half a hundred time last night you love I . you murmured it , shout it ; one time , you open the window and bellow it out into the street . bock I think that be more expression of gratitude than love . barbara gratitude for what ? bock well , my God , for resurrecting feeling of life in I I think dead . barbara well , my God , what do you think love be ? bock okay , I love you , and you love I . I be not about to argue with so relentless a romantic . well , then , since we have this great passion go for we , I do not see why you will not stay on here in New York for a week or ten day ... barbara it 's up to ten day now . bock as long as it take for you father 's condition to improve . barbara no . I have have this prophetic dream for seven night . Seven be a sinister number . the meaning of this dream be very clear , seven time as clear . I be to get my father and you out of this hospital before we be all destroy . bock ( throw up he hand ) you be certifiable ! my God , half the time you be a perfectly intelligent young woman , and then suddenly you turn into a goddam cabalist who believe in dream , witchcraft and bear power ! and I do not like the way you dismiss my whole life as unnecessary . I do a lot of heal right here in Manhattan . I do not have to go to Mexico for it . I also teach . I send out eighty doctor a year into the world , sometimes inspirite , at least competent . I have build up one of the best damned department of medicine in the world . we have get a hell of a heart unit here and a hell of a kidney group . a lot of people come into this hospital in big trouble , miss drummond , and go out better for the experience . so do not tell I how unnecessary I be . barbara ( who 's be slip into the nurse 's uniform ) yeah ? bock yeah . barbara so how come , eight hour ago , you be try to kill yourself with a overdose of potassium ? bock where be you go now ? this last in reference to Barbara crossing to the secretary ' office , zipper she uniform . bock's secretary ' office barbara ( gather she coat and purse ) my hotel . I have to check out . Mr. blacktree do not speak any English . bock ( from the connect doorway ) well , you be come back , of course . barbara of course . I have to settle the bill here and pack my father . and I think you need a few hour alone to make you decision . bock what decision ? barbara you be a very tired and very damage man . you have have a hideous marriage and I assume a few tacky affair along the way . you be understandably reluctant to get involved again . and , on top of that , here I be with the preposterous idea you throw everything up and go off with I to some barren mountain of Mexico . it sound utterly mad , I know . on the other hand , you obviously find this world as desolate as I do . you do try to kill yourself last night . so that 's it , herb . either I and the mountain or the bottle of potassium . I will be back in a hour or so . I will be in my father 's room . she slip into she coat and exit , as bock look after she thoughtfully , then turn back to he own office . bock's office he shuffles around distractedly , not know how to articulate the exuberance he feel . suddenly , he open the window , lean out and bellow to the empty air . bock all right . I love you ! ( softly ) my God ! first avenue , construction area . dawn a construction sign fill the screen . it read on this location , the new york medical university CENTER will build a drug rehabilitation community CENTER , to be complete in 1973 . e.f. schlager &amp ; co. , contractor . suddenly , the sign come crash down into camera . it have be wrench off the wooden fence protect the row of tenement and brownstone be demolish . about a dozen young and loud militant have tear it down . camera pan to show the row of house behind the fence , two of which have already be reduce to rubble ; the other have be board up . the demolition generator and crane be park silently along the curb . in the dark of 5:00 a.m. , three black family , carry child , and child carry household effect , mattress , pot , pan , bag of grocery , etc. , be repossess the condemn building . first avenue , construction area . day , 10:00 a.m. strong sun overhead . the street have be roped off , and police be all over the place . a sparse crowd of a hundred or so throng the sidestreet off first Avenue . Signs read , " people s , doctor no . " a Channel 11 mobile news crew , newspaper photographer , and a radio newscaster be recording the situation with desultory interest . a police captain stand in the middle of the cordon street , bullhorn the occupier of the condemn brownstone , who can be see through the break window . police captain I repeat . I be ask you to come out peacefully . this building be condemn and unfit for habitation . a piece of brick arch down from the roof of a building and crack the street a few foot from the Captain . police captain ( sigh , try again ) you people be possess this building illegally and in violation of the law . I be ask you to come out peacefully ... holly pavilion , entrance lobby . day a small press conference be go on in a corner of the lobby . Reporters cluster , and tv camera surround the Press Representative of the Hospital , a young woman in she thirty name evelyn bassey , who be try to read a statement , squinting under she mod glass at the blaze of light set up by the camera crew . mrs . bassey ( read ) ... complete sympathy with the tenant . so the hospital have assume the responsibility of find 400 housing unit in good building . the hospital wish to point out that this particular row of building on first Avenue be condemn by the City before the hospital acquire ownership , and even then , only after responsible leader in the community have approve the building of we new drug rehabilitation center . sundstrom' office sundstrom ( explode on the phone ) goddammit , Barry , I have get a dozen community leader wait for I in the library ! we have be try to work out some kind of negotiable formula for two year ! and with no help from you people in the urban affair division , I might add ! dr . welbeck appear in the doorway . he 's in he fifty , gray , distinguished and very tan with terribly , terribly kindly old country doctor eye . he wear a camel hair topcoat . he smile benignly and twinkle at sundstrom from one of the leather chair across the desk from the director . sundstrom ( hardly notice welbeck ) and I be not go to throw all that down the drain because some cockamamie activist group be show - boat for the television camera ! you get that people out of that building before a wall collapse or a fire break out and we have get a riot on we hand !... okay ! he hang up , sigh , turn to the man across the desk . welbeck ( smile , twinkle ) have you trouble , eh ? well , I will not take much of you time . my name 's welbeck . I have be associate with this hospital for six year , and , yesterday afternoon , Dr. gilley call I to say he be cut off my privilege at the hospital . do you know anything about it ? sundstrom ( glance at he watch ) it 's news to I . welbeck he say he send the report on . sundstrom I will probably get it tomorrow . report on what ? welbeck well , I be not sure myself . I do a nephrectomy on a man about seven day ago . emergency , call in at four in the morning . the man be hemorrhage , he would go sour ... sundstrom welbeck , I be terribly sorry , but I do have this meeting . ( cross to the door ) in any event , there 's nothing I can do about it . if gilley want to cut you privilege , he 's Chief of surgery , it 's within he province . you will have to have the hearing ... he exit , follow by welbeck into the ... director' suite , secretary ' office buzz now . typewriter click . phone ringing . welbeck I have a laparotomy laid on for this morning . I assume I will be allow to go through with that . sundstrom of course . welbeck ( huffing a little ) I have be associate with this hospital for six year ... sundstrom now , now , welbeck . it seem to I I have have you name down here before for something ... ( to he secretary en passant ) I will be in the staff room . he and welbeck pass out into the ... executive corridor flow with a normal stream of traffic , sundstrom and welbeck turn right and head down to the last room of the corridor . something come to he , and sundstrom pause . sundstrom wait a minute . you be the fellow with the medicaid collect business who incorporate and go public , right ? I mean , something like that ? milton mead be tell I about you just the other day . you be a whole medical conglomerate . you have get a factore service , a computerize billing company , and a few proprietary hospital , a few nursing home . good heaven , welbeck , you should not be bring up before a committee of mere doctor . you should be investigate by the Securities and Exchange Commission . you will have to go through with the hearing , welbeck . I do not interfere in this thing . he open the door of the staff room and stride in . even before he enter , we get a blast of angry voice , both male and female . for the moment the door be ajar , we see a harry milton mead be assaile by angry black and Puerto rican and young white activist doctor . hospital library voice ( all overlap ) ... no goddam halfway house , no way , baby ! we be not gonna wait ' till 1973 to deal with this problem ! we want to kill the drug thing right now !... imperialize the blackaporican community , and we reject the bourgie - ass middle - class black traitor and flunky who be sell out the blackaporican proletariat mass to the expansionist , racist policy of this shit hospital !... woman let 's get back to the abortion issue ! voice sit down , woman ! woman what the hell do the male establishment know about abortion ? there 's a agitate reaction in the crowd . black woman who the hell raise the issue of birth control ? the issue at hand be the control of drug addiction in this community and in the ghetto generally . a black man jump up and point off right . black man we do not want no goddam abortion ... a white doctor jump in from the leave . white doctor let 's ... let 's get down to the core of this matter . more murmure . a che guevara -- style revolutionary move toward mead and sundstrom at the table . man the point be that this hospital be the landlord for that building and they should have turn they down . angrily , he lean over the table face sundstrom . man that building be imperialistic extension of the medical establishment . this hospital ought to be rebuild that tenement , give that people decent housing . sundstrom raise he hand for quiet and start to rise . the hostile din have get to he . sundstrom please , please , please ! holly pavilion , room William mead be transfer from he bed to a roll stretcher by a orderly in shirt and trousers and by nurse Felicia chile . nurse chile tuck mead in . he open he eye to look at she drowsily . william mead ( under sedation ) you know , I hallucinate last night . I hallucinate there be a indian do a war dance in here . nurse chile ( affably ) you be not hallucinate , Mr. mead . there be a indian in here last night . william mead ( stare through he sedation at she ) there be ? they wheel he out into ... holly pavilion , surgical area corridor mead be wheeled down the corridor by the orderly . at the far end , a anesthetize patient , blue in the harsh light , fresh from surgery , be be wheeled into a recovery room . surgery be busy and efficient but not as clinically tidy as we would like . linen and equipment and surgical gear be pile into corner or on empty stretcher . Green-uniformed nurse , doctor and orderly go in and out of the many door flanking the corridor . this be the non-sterilized area , where doctor and nurse confer in the corridor ; three black orderly await a assignment , sit on stretcher , chuckle , mutter . phone can be hear ringing . the orderly wheeling mead turn leave into the ... surgical area , central plaza ...a small , cluttere central area with the office of the operate room nursing supervisor on the right and the holding ( for anesthesia ) room on the leave . the o.r. be like the emergency Ward , desperately busy but staff by people grow so accustom to it that they display a calm , almost casual but febrile efficiency . a large blackboard face the supervisor 's Office with the day 's schedule of operation neatly chalk in . it be full . a middle - age surgeon , still in he overcoat , be study the schedule . a green-uniformed nurse swing through the glass door from the operate room area to lean into the supervisor 's Office . nurse Dr. norris say about half a hour . second nurse tell shirley it be just a ovarian cyst . the third nurse lean back into the supervisor 's Office to relay this information . third nurse shirley , it be just a ovarian cyst ! this be apparently good news , for we hear someone say voice ( off-screen ) oh , thank God . a orderly rumble by with a e.k.g. machine . o.r. nursing supervisor dorothy kimball , a pleasant lady in she late thirty , lean out of she office to speak to one of the loung orderly . mrs . kimball ( hand the orderly a slip ) all right , Jerry , go up to Holly six . the orderly detach himself from he croney and exit . it be into this atmosphere of subdued febrility that William mead be wheeled . orderly ( to Mrs. kimball ) William mead from Holly eight . mrs . kimball hold he there , Tom . we have get somebody come out right now . indeed , a stretcher be be wheeled out of the holding room . the patient be sedate and cover . as the orderly wheel she past camera , we may recognize the pale , sleep profile of miss campanella , the nurse who have be coshed with a sandbag not many scene ago . a circulate nurse come through the glass door , examine the chart dangle from the stretcher . mrs . kimball ( to this nurse ) who 's that ? mangafranni ? circulate nurse ( check wristband ) yeah . ( to orderly ) number three , marty . the orderly wheel the silent miss campanella off to operate room Three , as Dr. welbeck , in he natty blue suit , carry he camel coat , turn in from the outer corridor and examine the blackboard . he go back to ... outer corridor ... welbeck cross , open a door and enter ... surgeon ' locker room all four wall be line with locker . shelves and carton of green surgical clothes , cap , mask , trousers , shoe - covering . obviously , surgeon dress for they operation here . two surgeon , one middle - age and the other a young resident , be change . the resident turn to welbeck on he entrance and say : resident it 's legal for a doctor to incorporate in New York , be not it , Doctor ? welbeck ( en route to phone ) since last September . if they have that when I be you age , I would have put away a couple of million by now . ( dial ) it give you a variety of deferral device , profit-share for example . let 's say you pick yourself a October 31 - fiscal . you declare a bonus payable in ' 71 . a accrue item payable to a principle share - holder must be pay within two and half month after the close of the year to get the deduction in the prior year . but you corporation do not pay that tax , because we have eliminate the taxable income with the bonus . with two taxable entity , you can bury a hell of a lot of expense ... ( on phone ) hello , this be welbeck , any message ?... well , I be at the hospital . I have to cut open some guy in a couple of minute . I will try to make it as fast as I can . how urgent do he say it be ?... well , Dr. hogan make that arrangement with the underwriter . the registration statement be file with the s.e.c. well over a year ago ... if he call again , have I page here . ( hang up , turn back to the attentive young doctor to conduct he class in medical finance while change into surgical scrub ) the really big money be in health lease , of course . Dr. hogan , the eminent orthopedic surgeon , and I incorporate a lease company and go public last year . I hold a control interest in a number of proprietary hospital , nursing home and rest farm , and I have be lease hospital equipment to my own hospital at excessive rate . why , you ask , be I drain my own hospital ? well , my hospital be tax at 48 percent , and I be give my lease company a hell of a price - earning ratio , which will balloon the market value of the stock . I hold three hundred thousand share of that stock , lettere of course , but in a year , I will dump that share at a capital gain and walk off with a bundle ... operating room three just like on tv -- well , almost . the surgeon , dr . mallory , a bad -tempere man in he fifty , sit on a stool with he glove hand wrap in a towel , wait for the two surgical resident to finish painting the operable area , which happen to be the abdomen . it 's a hysterectomy . the patient be sheeted except for the small square of abdominal area . dr . mallory mangafranni , right ? scrub nurse right . dr . mallory ( grumble to one of the resident ) what do you say , huh ? we be not go to hang it in the Louvre , you know . the anesthesiologist , dr . chu , inject pentathol in the i.v. tube . dr . chu bring a mask over . the resident anesthesiologist trundle over the oxygen tank , take the hypodermic syringe from Dr. Chu , who now apply the oxygen mask to the enmarble profile of the patient . he study the gauge and equipment around he at the head of the operate table . resident anesthesiologist there 's no pulse , Doctor . dr . chu what 's the pressure ? resident anesthesiologist there 's no blood pressure , Doctor . dr . chu no pulse . get the tube and e.k.g . dr . mallory what 's the matter ? resident I can not feel a thing , sir . the room galvanize into the swift , silent activity of a chest massage . Dr. mallory , stand and stretch in the back of the room , turn and move toward the off-screen patient . he begin a vigorous rhythmic massage of the patient 's rib cage over the heart . dr . mallory what the hell happen ? Dr. mallory thump the patient 's chest hard with he fist , and the other , likewise , go to work . dr . chu I do not know . she must have throw a embolus . she be do fine up to now . ( to resident anesthesiologist ) do you check the gass ? resident anesthesiologist I do , sir . dr . chu the only time I ever see anybody conk out like this , some jerk switch the nitrous oxide and the gas line . the scrub nurse be apply electrode paste to the defibrillator . Dr. mallory yank the sheet and hospital shirt off the patient and begin very rigorous massage of the expose rib ; we can hear one rib crack . dr . mallory get the damn lead on . for chrissake , what the hell be this ?! resident she 's just a young woman , sir . do you think we should open the chest ? dr . mallory ( defibrillate ) she 's fifty - three , you buttonhead ! resident ( off-screen ) bicarb ? Dr. Chu , who have be insert some suprel and bicarbonate into the tube of the patient 's i.v. , be frown at she rigid , white - cap face . he lean over to check the e.k.g. reading . dr . chu she 's fibrillate , Doctor . mallory straddle the patient . he 's do heavy heart massage . dr . mallory Jesus H. Christ ! dr . chu okay , stop for a minute ... Doctor ... Dr. Chu push back , the operate cap on the patient 's head , revealing jet-black hair . mallory start to massage again . dr . mallory ( bark at the scrub nurse ) you get that paddle ready ? Dr. Chu stare blankly at the patient 's face , then look up at the sweat surgeon , perch on the operate table , rhythmically crush away at the patient 's rib cage . dr . chu I may be crazy , Doctor , but I do not think this be you patient . Dr. mallory , now pause for a moment , look up . he be bead with sweat . dr . mallory what the hell be you talk about ? he massage away . another rib crack . holly pavilion , bock's office the supervisor of nurse , Mrs. Christie , be sit on a chair read a report . bock , now in he doctor 's coat , be hunch over he desk , hand clasped . bock now , I do not want to get into a institutional hassle with you , Mrs. Christie . the malpractice here be monumental . as you see , Dr. schaefer 's blood sugar be twenty - three . no glucose solution be go to do that . the only thing that will do that be at least fifty unit of insulin , probably more . the only presumption be that one of that nurse on the eighth floor shot fifty unit of insulin into schaefer 's blood stream , either by injection or through the i.v. , although how in God 's name ... Mrs. Christie 's electric pocket - pager beeps . mrs . christie I be very sorry , doctor. ( reach for a phone ) May I ? miss mcguire lean in from the secretary ' office . miss mcguire ( to bock ) Doctor , do you ask the head nurse on the eighth floor to let you know when a miss drummond get there ? bock yes . miss mcguire well , she just get there . bock thank you . mrs . christie ( on phone ) oh , dear I , dorothy . I better get right down there directly . have you call the o.o.d .? and you better call Dr. gilley . and you better call Mr. sloan ... yes , I will be down directly . ( hang up ; to bock ) I be very sorry , Doctor , but there 's a real nasty one in the o.r . they have just operate on the wrong patient ... o.r. nursing supervisor's office crowd now . the administrative resident , hitchcock , be here and a uniform man in he fifty , mr . sloan , the Chief of Safety and traffic . sloan represent the Hospital 's security force . Mrs. kimball be at she desk , on the phone . mrs . kimball ( on phone ) ... well , I do not understand , be she back in she room ? when do she get back to she room ? who bring she back ?... ( she stare at hitchcock ) she 's back in she room . hitchcock who ? mrs . kimball Mrs. mangafranni , the woman who be suppose to have be operate on ... ( call to a nurse pass ) be they still work on that woman in Three ? nurse yeah . mrs . kimball ( back on phone ) I be sorry , Mrs. fry , would you say that again ?... well , nobody in this office send she back up ... well , all right , Mrs. fry , I will have to call you back . she hang up , stand , go out into ... the operating area , plaza ... where three orderly lounge about . mrs . kimball do any of you take a woman name mangafranni out of the holding room back up to Holly five around ten o'clock ? apparently , none of this three . Mrs. Christie turn in from the outer corridor . normal operate room activity flow by : patient wheeled to and from they various surgeries , surgeon check the blackboard , staff doctor , orderly keep the noise level low but steady . mrs . christie ( to hitchcock in the doorway ) what happen ? hitchcock shrug helplessly . mrs . kimball ( to Mrs. Christie ) I do not know what happen . a patient name mangafranni be schedule for a hysterectomy at ten o'clock -- Dr. mallory . I talk to sylvia in the holding room who admit she , so she be here . and now I just speak to Mrs. fry on Holly five , and she say a orderly bring Mrs. mangafranni back to she room about twenty minute ago . now Mrs. mangafranni be in she room sleep . mrs . christie well , who 's the woman in the operate room ? mrs . kimball I do not know . Mrs. kimball , Mrs. Christie , hitchcock and sloan push through the glass door to the crossroad of the operate room . through each window , we see operate crew hack away . mrs . christie be she dead ? mrs . kimball well , they have to open she up , and that 's not good . they gather in anticipation outside o.r . Three and peer over each other 's shoulder into the room where the operate crew be hunch over the open-heart massage . the mask circulate nurse look up , notice the audience at the door , and give a hopeless shrug . hitchcock I better get Mr. mead . holly pavilion , the staff room milton mead be sit in a back seat of the staff room -- a lounge with couch , easy chair and magazine rack -- give half a ear to the several opinion be simultaneously express by : lady from women' lib ... abortion ? the clinic should be under the supervision and entirely staff by woman and administer by a member of the woman 's Committee for Medical Liberation ! and by young white activist ... let 's get to the core of the matter which be the criminal and gangster collusion between the american medical establishment and the drug , insurance and tobacco company who , through they combine racketeer effort , have produce a dual system of health care . everything for the rich and nothing for the poor ! and by black panther ... abortion clinic ! that 's genocide , baby ! you be just kill off black ! we consider proliferation elemental to the class struggle ! and by sundstrom ( who have lose he cool altogether and be scream right along with everyone else ) ... for God 's sake ! we have get eleven people in this building , and we have get to get they out of there ! we can rectify the injustice of the world tomorrow , but right now , for God 's sake , can we get that people out of that building ? will you people please listen to I ? will you people please shut up and listen to I ? will you people please call a halt to this participatory democracy and address ourselves to the immediate problem ?! during this maelstrom , the phone at mead 's elbow ring . mead answer it , listen , nod , return the receiver , stand and slip out of the room into the delicious silence of the ... holly pavilion , executive corridor ... where hitchcock emerge from the administration office . the two man move down the hall toward each other . milton mead how long ago do this happen ? hitchcock about half a hour . milton mead have you call the Medical examiner ? hitchcock not yet . milton mead well , you would better do that now . and you better call the precinct station house as well . operating room three Dr. mallory be wrenching off he blood - drench rubber glove and fling they to the floor in a rage . the door to the room open , and Mrs. kimball , Mrs. Christie and Mr. sloan enter . Dr. mallory be stupefy with anger . Dr. Chu , bless with Eastern containment , blandly gather he equipment together , nod to Mrs. Christie . dr . chu good morning . mrs . christie good morning , Doctor . dr . chu this be really something , be not it ? I think she look a little different when they bring she in . I even say to one of the nurse , " she look a little young without she denture . " I would only talk to she half a hour before . mrs . christie do anybody know who she be ? Dr. mallory can only stare at she numbly . he turn and stare numbly at Mr. sloan . mrs . christie ( to Mrs. kimball , examine the chart dangle from the operate table ) what 's she chart say ? circulate resident her chart say mangafranni . her bracelet say mangafranni . the only thing that be not mangafranni be the woman . Dr. mallory finally explode . dr . mallory Jesus H. Christ ! I have be chopping out three uteruse a day for twenty year , and be it too much to expect for you people to bring in the right goddam Jesus Christ uterus ?! dr . chu I have just be talk to she in the holding room . she be perfectly fine . a little drowsy . I think it be funny that when they bring she in , she be out cold . dr . mallory ( shuffle around in aimless circle ) Jesus H. kee-rist ! Mrs. Christie stare down at the face of the dead patient on the table , who have have she chest spread wide open so that the organ be expose . mrs . christie well , we will just all have to stay here until Mr. mead or someone from the o.o.d. come back . dr . mallory well , I be not take the rap for this ! I have already get one malpractice suit pend , and I be not take the rap for this one ! holly pavilion , room William mead 's bed be empty . the reverend drummond 's suit , still on its hanger , be lie on it . drummond himself lie comatose and rig out with i.v.s and catheter . Barbara drummond be pack she father 's thing into a open one - suiter valise . the door open . she look up . it 's bock . they look at each other -- two people in love . bock look , you be not go . I love you , and I be not go to let you go . he pick up the suit lie on the bed . bock come on , let 's start put you father 's thing back . he 's stay here . ( hang the suit in the closet ) I will find a apartment somewhere . I be stay in a filthy little hotel room . we can not use that . his eye be catch by a white doctor 's uniform hang in the armoire along with the suit and overcoat of the two patient in the room . he bend over to peer at the nameplate over the breast pocket . barbara I can not make it here , herb . I will crack up . I crack up once already . one week here , and I would be run naked through the street scream again . I can retain my sanity only in a simple society . bock for God 's sake , Barbara , you can not seriously see I live in a grass shack hunt jackrabbit for dinner ? be sensible for God 's sake . barbara I be be sensible . what be it you be so afraid of leave here ? you plastic home ? you condition air ? you synthetic clothes ? you instant food ? I be offer you green silence and solitude , the natural order of thing . mostly , I be offer I . I think we be beautiful , herb . bock ( utterly in love ) you make it sound almost plausible . barbara I do not know why you even hesitate . what 's hold you here ? be it you wife ? bock no , that 's all over . I suppose if I be marry to anything , it 's this hospital . it 's be my whole life . I just can not walk out on it as if it never matter . I be middle - class . among we middle - class , love do not triumph over all . responsibility do . barbara herb , do not ask I to stay here with you , because I love you , and I will . and we will both be destroy . he turn to she again . they both look away . barbara I have get the bill here to pay yet . bock I will come with you . she gather she raincoat and go . bock follow she out into the ... holly pavilion , eighth floor , corridor ... where Dr. Joseph lagerman , head of nephrology , perhaps remember from a earlier scene , have be wait for bock . he join they en route to the elevator . lagerman herb , you ask I to find that dialysis nurse . bock what dialysis nurse ? Barbara have continue walk . bock start to follow she . barbara I will go pay the bill . lagerman the one who goof on you patient , drummond . bock turn back to lagerman . lagerman well , she name be theresa campanella , but you be not go to believe this , herb . she die on the operate table in o. R. Three about a hour ago . Barbara be disappear into a elevator . bock start after she , then turn back to lagerman . bock what do you mean , she die on the operate table in o.r. Three ? they hurry down the corridor to the elevator . bock you mean she be the one ? lagerman that 's the one . I just identify she . bock what the hell 's go on around here ? every time I try to find somebody in this hospital , they either die of a heart attack in emergency or of anesthesia shock in a operate room . Elevator door open . a nurse and visitor get out . bock and lagerman go into ... the elevator two or three people besides the elevator operator be there , as well as a patient on a stretcher and a orderly . lagerman listen , I just come from the o.r . they be try to find a Dr. schaefer . do not you have a kid name schaefer in you service ? bock ( scowl , mutter ) I have a schaefer . he die yesterday of a overdose of insulin . what do they want schaefer for ? lagerman the holding room nurse say there be a Dr. schaefer hang around the holding room . it would not have be you schaefer anyway . the nurse say it be senior staff , a middle - age man . bock there 's no senior staff name schaefer in this hospital . lagerman I tell they that . I say , I do not know any senior staff around here name schaefer . they have get detective down there , everything . it 's a whole big investigation . the elevator stop at the seventh floor . the door open and bock and lagerman stroll into ... holly pavilion , seventh floor , corridor bock lumber down the west corridor , turn into ... room 806 William mead , sedate and apparently zonk out cold , be be transfer from a stretcher back into bed by a o.r. orderly and nurse 's aid . bock roll back the curtain around drummond 's bed revealing the comatose patient , he face sculpture against the white pillow , a i.v. tube in he right arm , a catheter project from under the sheet . bock lower the protective railing , lean in , take the man 's pulse on he neck , raise one close eyelid , then the other . the pupil stare vacuously back at he ; the eyelid drop close as soon as they be release . in the background , the orderly and aid finish tucking in William mead and exit , wheeling they creak stretcher out . the room be shockingly silent . bock go to the window and frown in think . hold across the patient drummond , on bock in the background at the window with he back to we . suddenly , drummond 's eye open . he lie rigid , he eye stare dementedly into the air above he . slowly , he leave hand reach out and carefully withdraw the catheter from he bladder , lay it on the white sheet beside he , and silently reach over to withdraw the i.v. needle from he right arm . he let the needle dangle , drip onto the bed . carefully , he twist out from under he sheet , swing he leg over the side of the bed and sit up . reverse across bock at the window , ponder . with a swift lash of movement , the double tube of a stethoscope be whipped over he head and tightened around he throat . drummond ( mad as a hatter ) I be the fool for Christ and the paraclete of caborca . close two shot of bock be strangle , drummond 's face freeze in bland dementia behind he . barbara' voice ( off-screen ) for heaven 's sake , dad ! what the hell 's go on ? drummond pause in he strangling and , release the poor man altogether , turn to he daughter in the doorway . camera dolly to include all three -- bock recuperate ; drummond stare madly ; and Barbara infuriate with she father . barbara ( annoyed ) we all think you be at death 's door ! what be you do out of bed ? drummond , abash , stand there , a scold schoolboy , a rawbone figure in a hospital shift , a stethoscope dangle from he right hand . barbara ( to bock ) what happen ? do he say anything to you ? bock ( sufficiently recover ) as a matter of fact , he say , " I be the fool for Christ and the paraclete of caborca . " and you would better close the door , because if he 's go to tell everyone who walk in here he 's the fool for Christ and the paraclete of caborca , they will put we all away . he 's already kill two doctor and one nurse . drummond I be the wrath of the lamb and the angel of the bottomless pit . barbara what do you mean he kill two doctor and a nurse ? bock I mean , he 's kill two doctor and a nurse ! and he just try to kill I ! he have something against doctor . somehow he get hold of a thousand unit of insulin and put it in Dr. schaefer 's intravenous solution . and somehow he get Dr. ive to die of a heart attack in the middle of the emergency room . and somehow he get a dialysis nurse name campanella to die of anesthesia shock on a operate table ! ( open the closet , point to the white doctor 's uniform hang there ) he 's be run around the hospital wear Dr. schaefer 's uniform . right now , they be look all over the place for this mysterious Dr. schaefer . I know this all sound as grotesque to you as it do to I , but you can see for yourself you father be not the helpless comatose patient we think he be . do not look at I like I be the one who 's crazy . ask you crazy father ! drummond I be merely a instrument of God . I kill no one . they all three die by they own hand , ritual victim of they own institution , murder by irony , a eye for a eye , biblical retribution . schaefer be first , you see , because he kill god. God be admit to this hospital last Monday under the name of guernsey ... room 806 . morning . ( flashback ) a cheerless , gray sunlight fill the room as the fragile , white - haire and bearded old guernsey ( whose admittance to the hospital be the open scene of the film ) be be help into the room by nurse Felicia chile . she solicitously help the wispy old man off with he coat and jacket and hat which she put in the armoire . with palsie finger , the little old man unknot he stringy tie and unbutton the collar , which be three size too large . in the other bed , drummond 's eye slowly open . drummond ( off-screen ) I be instantly aware of a divine presence . the old man be slip out of he clothes to expose a thin little body in a tear nightshirt . drummond ( off-screen ) I be convinced this porcelain old man be , in fact , a angel of the Lord ... the old man sit back , wheeze a little . nurse chile smile nicely at he and take she leave . for a moment , drummond lie rigidly on he bed , stare dully into the air and the old man sit with he hunch back to we . the room be silent except for he rheumy wheeze . drummond ( off-screen ) ... perhaps even Christ himself . after a moment , the old man rise and go to the washbasin and , with some wheeze , spit into it . he shuffles back to bed . Dr. schaefer come into the room with a professional smile and the patient guernsey 's chart . drummond ( off-screen ) we savior be , it seem , suffer from emphysema . schaefer perches on the bed beside guernsey and begin to take he history . drummond ( off-screen ) he be relentlessly subject to the benefit of modern medicine . he be misdiagnose , mismedicate , and put into shock by Dr. schaefer ; race off to intensive Care , where the resident compound the blunder and induce a coma . I can tell you with authority that God be indeed dead . he die last Monday under the name of guernsey . close - up of drummond in deep shadow show he sleep . drummond ( off-screen ) a few hour later , he appear to I in a revelation . room 806 . night , 7:00 p.m. the room be light only by the yellow light from the half - open bathroom door . guernsey walk out of the shadow , hand raise . he shuffles to drummond 's bedside and look down on he from he frail height . guernsey ( softly ) rise up , drummond . you be dead , now you be restore . drummond 's eye open and roll to the direction of the voice . drummond be p.o.v. : guernsey , dress only in he hospital shift , be shuffle up and down the aisle of the room , hand clasped behind he back like a mittel - european intellectual , head hunch forward -- a little old man with a white beard talk to himself . guernsey that who kill you and that who kill I will die in we place . you be the paraclete of caborca , the wrath of the lamb . the angel of the bottomless pit . guernsey close he eye in religious ecstacy . guernsey in this fashion have it be reveal to you . drummond start to sob and slowly sit up in he bed , imbue with belief . he look mutely up at the frail old man , who now raise he right hand and he face be transfigure into vast majesty . guernsey ( thunder out ) the age be close ! the end be at hand ! the seal be break ! so say , he revert to the little old man he be , wheeze a bit , and with some effort , climb back on he bed and lie there , eye close . his thin , high nose project from the whiteness of he face . he sigh the rattling last sigh of life and die . camera dolly slowly to close - up of drummond lie motionless on he bed . his eye be wide , glint in the shadow , a man imbue . his cheek be wet with tear of exaltation . drummond ( off-screen ) well ! not quite the burn bush perhaps but prodigal enough for I . I be to avenge the death of God and my own brutalization . I be to kill doctor schaefer , ive and welbeck and the dialysis nurse miss campanella , whose negligence cause my coma . full shot of drummond . he raise he leave hand , flex he finger . then he move he other arm , he head , he shoulder . obviously , he be regain he faculty . drummond ( off-screen ) I await a further sign from God , which be give to I later that evening . Dr. schaefer , it seem , have arrange a assignation with a girl from the hematology lab name Sheila . across drummond to the now empty other bed . all the light be on . pan on nurse penny canduso and a orderly wheeling away the wrap body of guernsey . intern schaefer , at the door , consider the empty bed with interest . move to the bedtable , he pick up the receiver of the phone . schaefer ( on phone ) hey Sheila , this be Howard , Sheila . hey listen , I get we a bed for tonight . a real , honest - to - god bed . room 806 . night reprise the scene originally play under credit where Dr. schaefer and he girlfriend Sheila sneak into the room and undress . giggles and shushing , goose and fondle . sheila Boy , I sure hope nobody walk in . during the replay , however , a additional segment be add . at one point , the girl , hang she dress in the armoire , turn and hold something up . sheila what 's this in you pocket ? schaefer that 's my insulin . put it back . sheila what do you take insulin for ? diabete ? I do not know you be a diabetic . schaefer it be not contagious , do not worry about it . they head for the unoccupy bed . close - up on drummond 's profile . room 806 Dark , hushed . schaefer 's girl be leave ; she tiptoe to the door , peek out . apparently , the coast be clear . she quickly slip out . room 806 . day drummond on he chair . Barbara perch on one side of she father 's bed , bock on the other . William mead sleep on . bock and you put schaefer 's insulin into the i.v. jar . drummond yes . and then a second nurse come and plugge the i.v. jar into schaefer . God clearly intend a measure of irony here . the hospital be to do all the kill for I . all I need do be arrange for the doctor to become patient in they own hospital . accordingly , the next morning , I set out for Dr. ive . I put on Dr. schaefer 's uniform , pinch some digoxine from the pharmacy and a sandbag from a utility cart , and find my way to Dr. ive ' laboratory . I coshed he with the sandbag , give he a massive shot of the digoxine . this , you see , bring on a instant condition of cardiac arrhythmia . when he come to , I bring he down to the emergency room . emergency room area , lobby . day the usual e.r. crush and motion go on in the background . drummond escort a obviously ill Dr. ive to the admit room . drummond 's voice under the narration explain matter to miss aronovici at the desk . drummond this be Dr. ive . he 's in the nephrology Lab . I be in there a little while ago , and he be suddenly take ill , and I think I would better get he over here right away . drummond ( off-screen ) he have at that time perhaps a hour to live . prompt treatment would have save he life . they go into the ... emergency admitting and treatment room ive , seat on a table in evident distress , breathes heavily . drummond ( voice - off ) as a staff doctor , he be see without preliminary ... a attendant take he pulse , pressure and respiration . ive collapse . drummond ( voice - off ) his vital sign be take , a electrocardiogram ... pan slowly across the emergency room to catch its state of contain febrility . every curtain treatment room be occupy , include the storage room in the back . the triage nurse and a second nurse behind the desk be busy on the phone . the triage nurse take the history of the first in a line of five people seek admission even as she answer she phone . we watch miss aronovici and the other nurse and Dr. spezio and he two intern , the two attendant -- all busy with one patient or another . drummond ( voice -off ) ... which reveal occasional ventricular premature contraction . a intern take he history ... across drummond , white - uniform , stand in the back against the filing cabinet and linen , watch the the new patient trickle and crowd in . drummond ( voice -off ) ... and then he be promptly ... at the admit desk , a man in he forty be be sign in by a uniform cop . drummond ( voice -off ) ...simply ... forget to death . simply mislaid ... camera just stare at the pageant of pain . drummond ( voice -off ) ... mislaid among the break wrist , the chest pain , scalp laceration , the man whose finger be crush in a taxi door , the infant with the skin rash , the child swipe by a car , the old lady mug in the subway , the derelict beat by sailor , the teenage suicide , the paranoid , drunk , asthmatics , the rape , the septic abortion , the overdose addict ... emergency room area , lobby look to the street door as two ambulance attendant , bear a seventeen - year - old black girl on a stretcher , burst in . ambulance attendant ( shouting ) not breathe ! not breathe ! they hurry into the admit room past a nurse and into the ... emergency admitting and treatment room ... which be already galvanize into action . miss aronovici be at the girl 's pulse even as she be be transfer to the bed that have just be clear of Mr. mitgang and he concussion case . intern ( instruct attendant with mitgang ) better put he in the holding room . miss aronovici ( with the seventeen - year - old girl ) she 's take a little pulse . dr . spezio ( to triage nurse ) get a anesthesiologist , one - five - one - five ... on screen we continue watch the scene of the overdose case treatment , as the live-action sound in the room fade behind drummond 's tale . drummond ( off-screen ) ... the fracture , infarct , hemorrhages , concussion , boil , abrasion , the colonic cancer , the cardiac arrest -- the whole wounded madhouse of we time ... reaction shot of drummond stare at this ceaseless panorama of pain , tear streaking down he cheek . man' voice ( off-screen ) I wonder if I could have a minute of you time , Doctor ... drummond turn to the voice . camera pull back to include the man who have be bring into the e.r. by a uniform cop . drummond I be the fool for Christ and the paraclete of caborca . nameless man well , it 's a honor and a privilege , Doctor . I have be here ten minute , I can not seem to get anybody to help I . I be suffer from some sort of amnesia . I can not remember my name . as a matter of fact , it 's pretty screwy . I get mug . two hour ago , walk out of a coffee shop on fifty - seventh Street and second Avenue , eight o'clock in the morning , broad daylight , I get mug . a sixteen - year - old girl walk up to I , show I a knife about a yard long and say , " give I you wallet . " I think she be kid . I mean there 's hundred of people walk right by . well , she be not kid . " listen , " I say , " all I get 's about twenty buck . " so she take the wallet anyway . so I say , " how about leave I my identification ? " I mean , I have my driver 's license , my diner 's Club , my credit card . but she take they all , the whole damn wallet , credit card , everything . so I stop some guy , I say , " hey , you see that girl there , walk away ? " he say , " yeah . " I say , " she just steal my wallet , credit card and everything . " he say , " well , that 's what they want , the credit card . " so I start look for a cop . I mean , go find a cop , right ? well , I finally find a cop . the girl 's halfway to South America by now , probably buy the ticket with my credit card . so the cop say , " what 's you name ? " and you want to know something ? I could not think of my name . the girl take all my identification , you know what I mean ? she take all my credit card . so I say , " you know this be screwy . I can not think of my name . " so he take I to the station house . the sergeant say , " what 's you name ? " I say , " I do not know ! she take all my credit card ! " so they take I down here . so what do you think , Doctor ? I be nut , right ? I finally flip . pan slowly to drummond who stare at the nameless man . in background the door open and Mrs. cush , the lady from accounting , enter . she call out in she annoying voice from a chart . mrs . cushing who 's number 7-6-8-0-2-S ? be there anybody here who be that number ? drummond ( off-screen ) in this way be it reveal to I the manner of nurse campanella 's death . she be to die of the great american plague -- vestigial identity . return from flashback : room 806 . day drummond in he hospital shift , gaunt and mad as a prophet , sit rigidly on he chair . Barbara perches on she father 's bed . bock wander disorientedly about the room , stare incredulously first at Barbara and then at she father . drummond so last night , I coshed miss campanella with a sandbag , sedate she with thorazine , shave she , prepped she , and park she in a corridor of the X - Ray Department for five hour . bock why X -ray ? drummond well , at X - Ray , a sedate body lie around unattend for five hour would not seem unusual . bock of course . drummond her operation -- that be to say , Mrs. mangafranni 's operation -- be not schedule until nine-thirty . so at nine - fifteen this morning , I ring for my nurse ... bock you ring for you nurse ? drummond to insure one full hour of uninterrupted privacy . bock oh yes . drummond I get up , wheeled miss campanella off to the operate room , replace she bed with Mrs. mangafranni 's , exchange chart and identity bracelet . she die officially of anesthesia shock . but , in point of fact , she die because she be wear another woman 's identity . barbara ( to bock ) God , what do we do now ? let I take he back to Mexico . it 's a simple world there . if you turn he in , they will just cage he in the rockland State Hospital for the criminally insane . let I take he back , herb . bock be you kid ? we will both take he . I be go with you ! get he dress . we be get out of here before the police put we all in rockland State . drummond I have not finish my work here . I have this welbeck to dispose of . I be the angel of the bottomless pit and the wrath of the lamb . barbara oh dear , he 's have another revelation . bock hold drummond 's coat and hat and cross to take he arm . he find the entrance drummond as rigid as a statue . bock look , that ambulance must be here by now . you go down and get they . I will give he a shot of something to knock he out . we will take he to the airport in the ambulance . they both hurry out of the room . drummond remain enmarble in he trance . camera suddenly move down to William mead , whose eye now open ; he have hear it all . in background , drummond , suddenly release from he catatonic trance , head for the armoire and extract the white trousers of Dr. schaefer 's uniform . he put they on , tucking in the tail of he hospital shift . he notice William mead stare at he . drummond you be hallucinate again . William mead just stare at drummond . eighth floor , nurse ' station and lobby area bock and Barbara come hurry around the corner from the west corridor . Barbara head for the elevator . bock head for the nurse ' Station . the eighth floor be go about its normal 1:15 p.m. activity . Mrs. donovan be at she desk on the phone . mrs . donovan ... Edwards never show up . I be short - staff as hell . it 's just I and Felicia . it 's like Sunday . nobody 's here . dr . biegelman I will be at lunch ... a nurse 's aid , a bathrobe patient and two of he visitor stroll by . it 's the end of the lunch hour , when the kitchen worker bring use trays back . mrs . donovan yeah , you gotta send I somebody ... oh yeah ? bock move past Mrs. donovan and into the pharmacy where we see he scour the shelf for thorazine and a syringe . a elevator arrive , disgorge milton mead and he resident assistant , Thomas hitchcock and , of all people , Dr. Richard welbeck himself . Barbara and Dr. biegelman go into the elevator . the door close . milton mead and hitchcock head for the west corridor . welbeck , in he natty double - breast suit and carry he cashmere coat , head straight for the nurse ' Station . mead we will be in eight-o - six . mrs . donovan ( chuckle into phone ) ... then what do she say ? welbeck ( to Mrs. donovan ) I be Dr. welbeck . I have a patient on this floor name drummond , and I would like to see he chart . mrs . donovan I will call you back . bock immediately emerge from the pharmacy hold a bottle of thorazine and a wrap hypodermic syringe . he scowl at welbeck , who scowl back . welbeck oh , Dr. bock . can I have a few minute of you time , sir ? bock no. he start to pass Mrs. donovan and would continue , but welbeck lay a restrain hand on he arm . welbeck Dr. gilley tell I you be the one who initiate this proceedings against I . bock I be busy , welbeck . welbeck I would like to know what you have against I . bock you turn up half - stone for a simple nephrectomy eight day ago , botch it , put the patient into failure and damn near kill he . then , pause only to send in you bill , you fly off on the wing of man to a island of sun in montego Bay . this be the third time in two year we have have to patch up you patient ; the other two die . you be greedy , unfeel , inept , indifferent , self - inflate and unconscionably profitable . aside from that , I have nothing against you . I be sure you play a hell of a game of golf . what else do you want to know ? welbeck 's pocket - beeper beeps . welbeck Excuse I for a moment , Doctor . ( he reach over the nurse ' desk for a phone ) this be Dr. welbeck . be you paging I ? ( regard bock with cold scorn ) how much do you make a year , bock ? for a guy who make a lousy forty , fifty grand ... ( on phone ) hello , Arthur , I understand you have be try to reach I all morning ... bock turn and head back for ... eighth floor , west corridor ... and down that through the kitchen worker and strolling patient to ... room 806 ... which he enter . he be startle to find milton mead and hitchcock lean over William mead , who be up on one elbow and in a state . william mead I be tell you , milton , he pull out all the wire and the tube , and he get up and put on a doctor 's uniform , and he go out , and he murder doctor ! he just go out ten second before you come in ! indeed , there be no drummond to be see . his bed be empty . bock nod to milton mead and hitchcock , who nod back , and cross quickly to look into the bathroom which be likewise empty . william mead and I will tell you something else about this crazy place you get here ! there be a naked indian in here last night do a war dance ! that 's the kind of crazy place you be run here , milton ! you get to get I out of here , milton . this be a crazy place , milton ! milton mead 's pocket - beeper beeps . milton mead reach for the phone . william mead ( appeal to bock ) I wake up last night , there 's a goddam indian in here , a naked indian ! what kind of hospital be this ? milton mead ( on phone ) this be Mr. mead , be you paging I ? william mead a couple of hour later I wake up again , and the guy in that bed there be get out of the bed ... milton mead ( to hitchcock ) be the police still in the building ? hitchcock yes . milton mead you would better get they up here . yes . william mead all day long , he lay there like a dead man . all of a sudden , in the middle of the night , he get out of bed ! I think I be go crazy ! milton mead ( on phone ) yes , this be mead ... oh , dear . when ?... william mead you know what he say to I ? he say , you be hallucinate . listen , I just see a naked indian . now , I be see a ghost . I get to figure he 's right , I be hallucinate , right ? milton mead I will be down directly . ( hang up ) never rain but it pour . a fire just break out in one of that condemn building . the squatter in the building come out . the police try to arrest they and , apparently , the situation have erupt into a riot . ( to bock as he head for the door ) I be sure you be wonder what this be all about , herb . william mead you be not go to leave I alone in this crazy place , milton ! milton mead ( at the door with bock ) Mr. hitchcock be stay with you . ( to hitchcock ) you better call the cop , Tom . william mead milton ! milton ! milton !!! the door slam . west corridor and nurse ' station bock and milton mead stride up the corridor through the linen wagon and kitchen cart . milton mead I have not the time now , and I be not even go to try to tell you this curious story my brother just tell I . I will fill you in on it at lunch some time . he wave he hand helplessly to indicate the utter incredulity of it all . milton mead ( rush not to miss the elevator ) hold it ! they reach a open elevator . mead go in , the door close . the door of a second elevator then open , and Barbara come out . she and bock stare at each other . in background , welbeck be on the phone at the nurse ' Station . barbara the ambulance be here . bock yeah , but you father be not . he 's disappear . he put on schaefer 's uniform and have go out to do God 's work , presumably the murder of Dr. welbeck . except , that fellow on the phone over there be Dr. welbeck . welbeck ( in background on phone ) oh my God , Arthur ! what be you talk about ? have you talk to Dr. hogan about this ? bock and , on top of everything else , the other patient in you father 's room overhear he whole confession and just tell the Chief administrator of the hospital . they be send for the cop . reverse across welbeck on phone at nurse ' Station . in the background , bock and Barbara stare at he . welbeck ( almost apoplectic on phone ) oh , my God , Arthur . well , who hold title ? do the underwriter know about this yet ?... oh my God ! Arthur , what be you wait for ? arrest the son of a bitch ! turn he in !... oh my God ! when ?... of course , Arthur , call I right back . I be at the Holly pavilion , eighth floor . please ! right away ! he hang up . bock be you all right , welbeck ? welbeck all right ?! that son of a bitch be try to wipe I out ! my partner , the eminent orthopedic surgeon , Dr. Noel hogan , be a miserable thief . and he 's try to wipe I out ! mrs . donovan ( extend a chart ) Mr. drummond 's chart , Doctor . welbeck ( angrily seize the chart ) what room be it ? mrs . donovan eight-o-six . welbeck I be expect a phone call . put it straight through to I in that room . he stride off angrily , follow by a anxious bock and Barbara , for the ... eighth floor , west corridor bock and Barbara hurry along in welbeck 's wake . welbeck the son of a bitch have be drain the company with phony purchase order on another company , of which , it now turn out , he wife be the principal stockholder ! transparent fraud ! I will send he up for twenty year ! he wrench open the door of 806 , march in , follow by bock and Barbara . eighth floor , room welbeck advance on William mead 's bed , since he be the only patient in the room . ( hitchcock be on the phone . ) welbeck well , drummond , you do not seem that much the worse for the wear . William mead stare dully at welbeck . then he look dully at bock . welbeck ( to hitchcock ) would you mind use some other phone ? I be expect a important call . william mead what be this ? who ... who be this guy ? hitchcock ( on phone ) yes , well , I will be at the nurse ' desk , sergeant . it would be futile for I to try to explain this to you over the phone . welbeck ( leaf through drummond 's chart ) you have get a bit of fever , drummond , but you be come along very well . william mead I be not drummond , you monkey ! drummond 's the other bed ! the phone now buzy . welbeck and hitchcock both head for it . welbeck that 's mine . ( on phone ) it 's welbeck here ... yes , Arthur , go ahead ... William mead be painfully try to get off he bed . william mead I be get out of this nuthouse ! bock ( push he gently back ) all right , take it easy , Mr. mead . hitchcock , satisfied the call be not for he , exit . william mead I come in here just to get a lousy polyp cut out . welbeck ( on phone ) oh , my God , what do you mean ? how many transaction be there ? Bu ... but Arthur , I ... I borrow against that stock ! I be in the hole for over three hundred thousand !... william mead ( appeal to the god ) I be a sick man ! I be suppose to have peace and quiet ! welbeck ( on phone and apoplectic ) what do you mean , Brazil ?! I just speak to hogan 's office yesterday , and they just tell I ... the phone slip from he finger . he turn to stare at bock and Barbara . welbeck I be wipe out . the s.e.c. have suspend trading in my stock ! he keel over like a fell tree , fall face - up on drummond 's bed , he leg dangle to the floor . William mead promptly hide he head under he sheet . bock move quickly to the prostrate welbeck , feel he throat for the carotid pulse , pull out he stethoscope , rip welbeck 's shirt open , and listen for heartsound . he pick up the dangle telephone receiver , get a dial tone . bock ( on phone ) cardiac arrest , Holly eight . Barbara strip off she coat . she be still in nurse 's uniform . she lean into the hall and call a pass nurse . barbara we have a emergency here . bock ( rip off welbeck 's natty jacket ) breathe he . Barbara help bock get welbeck 's dead weight onto the floor . on he knee , bock straddle welbeck 's prone form , ball he fist and belt welbeck on he chest . he begin intensive heart massage . Barbara get down on she knee , open welbeck 's mouth and commence mouth - to- mouth resuscitation . in the background , the p.a. system blandly echoe : p.a. system ( off-screen ) c.a.c. Holly eight . please clear all corridor . Mrs. donovan and aide move c.a.c. into the room , immediately follow by intern Chandler rush past they . mrs . donovan where 's biegelman ? chandler he go to lunch . mrs . donovan natch . get that other bed out of here . William mead , of course , be still huddle under he sheet . he peer out from under he cover in wide - eye disbelief and duck under again . bock massage welbeck 's heart . Barbara continue mouth -to-mouth . nurse Felicia chile hurry in , push the emergency cart before she . barbara ( to nurse chile as other begin move William mead 's bed out of the room ) give he a ambu bag and a airway . voice ( off-screen ) what 's be happen ? nurse chile have shunt the emergency cart aside to let the bed out and be extract a ambu bag and tube from the cart 's lower shelf . chandler ( to seventh floor nursing supervisor just outside door ) watch it ... p.a. system ( off-screen ) c.a.c. Holly eight . please clear all corridor . nurse chile hand the berman airway and ambu bag to Barbara , who insert the airway and the ambu tube into welbeck 's mouth and pump in air by hand . bock massage away . eighth floor , west corridor Mrs. donovan and intern Chandler finally get mead and he bed out into the corridor where they park it . in background , emergency activity on all side . the resident cardiologist , dr . geoffrey morse , and anesthesiologist , dr . lawrence loomis , both thirty - three , come hurtle around the corner . dr . morse in here ? mrs . donovan yeah . she follow morse in as , from the lobby corner , two technician come racing a max cart and a i.v. stand before they . behind they , a bewilder hitchcock move into view , try to determine what 's go on . hitchcock ( to intern Chandler ) who be it ? p.a. system ( off-screen ) Dr. Robert Jackson . chandler one of the patient have a cardiac arrest . hitchcock look down at the sheeted figure hunch on the bed park in the hallway and slowly pull the sheet off he head . William mead stare up at he like a hunt animal . hitchcock cover mead 's head again . room 806 bock still massage , sweat bullet by now . Barbara work the ambu bag . Dr. morse be feel welbeck 's groin for he femoral pulse . dr . morse what do you have , Dr. bock ? bock total cardiac arrest . p.a. system ( off-screen ) Dr. rigby . Dr. rigby . Dr. lilac . dr . morse how long have he be like this ? bock about a minute . no pulse , no heartbeat , no respiration ... if we can see anything of welbeck through other body , we notice almost all he clothes have be rip off he body . Dr. loomis replace Barbara . dr . loomis all right , I will take over . the two nursing supervisor have be get the max cart ready , snap up the gateleg - footrest and attach the i.v. tube to the oxygen jar , and that to the ambu bag . bock endotrachial tube . donovan ( rush in background with other ) I be sorry , Doctor , but we have another emergency in 823 . chandler endotrachial tube . dr . loomis shall we get he up on the cart ? dr . morse yeah . drs. loomis , bock and morse struggle to lift the the nearly naked dead weight of Dr. welbeck up from the floor and onto the max cart . Dr. morse have pick up drummond 's chart from the bed where welbeck have leave it . dr . morse all right , who be this patient ? what 's the story on this patient ? close - up of bock try to hoist welbeck and look up slowly . dr . morse be this he chart , Dr. bock ? bock cock he head to he . dr . morse what 's he name ? drummond ? bock look across to Barbara , now help out at the max cart . she look back at bock . she shrug . he shrug . they exchange a smile . bock yes , he name 's drummond . that 's he chart . strain under the effort , the three doctor get welbeck off the floor . dr . morse ( study the chart ) oh Christ , the poor son of a bitch just have a nephrectomy a week ago . Mrs. donovan exit into ... eighth floor , west corridor ... as Mrs. donovan come out , hitchcock turn to she . hitchcock be it drummond ? mrs . donovan who else would it be ? hitchcock silently thanks God . room 806 dr . morse ( off-screen ) pick he up . put he on it . stop the massage . welbeck 's body be finally on the max cart . nurse and doctor converge on he . Dr. loomis set about intubate welbeck , and the nursing supervisor begin clamping the metal band of the e.k.g. machine on each of welbeck 's extremity . while all this go on , bock and Barbara have pick up the remnant of welbeck 's jacket , trousers , shirt and underwear . Dr. morse be squatting by the max- cart read the e.k.g. script as it roll slowly out of the cart . dr . morse ventricular fibrillation . get I the paddle . push another amp of bicarb . the nursing supervisor start apply electrode paste to the defibrillate paddle . another nurse measure off a ampule of bicarbonate of soda which Dr. loomis inject into the i.v. tube . dr . morse set it for two hundred . Barbara unsnap she father 's valise and stuff welbeck 's garment in it . bock take welbeck 's coat and pile drummond 's thing on top of that . the nursing supervisor hand Dr. morse the defibrillate paddle to place on welbeck 's leave breast . nurse ( off-screen ) that 's two hundred . dr . morse everybody bock away . all back away from the max-cart . bock and Barbara be at the window , pile up with valise and coat ; they look like they be off for Europe . dr . morse ( off-screen ) one-two-three ... he push the defibrillate button , send a electric shock through welbeck 's body so as to bounce it into the air . bock and Barbara remain at the window with heart - resuscitation team in background . Barbara slip into she own coat , in preparation for escape . dr . morse ( in background ) do he convert ? dr . loomis ( in background ) no , he 's still fibrillate . dr . morse ( in background ) let 's go to four hundred . barbara ( sotto voce to bock ) what do we do now ? bock be stare out the window . Barbara stare out with he . there p.o.v. : look down onto the u-shape drive of the entrance plaza of the hospital and first Avenue full of traffic . a band of some fifty black and Puerto rican youth , include female and young white revolutionary , most in che guevara garb , have break past the security guard at the gate and spill across the drive . some policeman and security guard move tentatively out of the hospital to intercept they . the shouting can not be hear from up here . off -screen we hear the activity of the resuscitation team . nursing supervisor ( off-screen ) it 's four hundred . dr . morse ( off-screen ) everybody back one-two-three ... SOUND of the shock . dr . morse ( off-screen ) that do not work either . first avenue . high shot low crowd noise . bock look out the window at the protest mob below . dr . morse ( off-screen ) all right . let I have a c.c. of adrenaline and intercardiac needle . camera pan slowly up over the melee in the plaza to the fence . Barbara and bock stare down at the crowd . dr . morse ( off-screen ) stop the massage . ventricular fibrillation . put another amp of bicarb . two hundred . zoom down into the maelstrom to full shot of the reverend drummond dress in schaefer 's white uniform , stand on the slim island separate the uptown traffic from the downtown traffic . drummond be a private island of he own , hand stretch to the sky . he be prophesy . drummond ( barely audible above the traffic rumbling heedlessly around he ) let that who be in judea flee to the mountain , for the age be close , the season of the seventh seal be at hand ! room 806 bock and Barbara slip through doctor and nurse , head for the door . dr . morse hang isopril , two in five hundred . let 's take one more crack with the paddle . everybody back off the cart . bock , carry two overcoat , and Barbara , wear hers and carry she father 's valise , exit into ... eighth floor , west corridor ... as bock and Barbara come out , the activity be normal , with the exception of William mead 's bed along the wall . hitchcock and two overcoate man be in the hallway , and hitchcock hurry to bock . hitchcock be he dead ? bock they can not get he out of fib . I do not think he will make it . hitchcock thank god. ( sigh , turn to the two detective ) this should close the case , sergeant . bock and Barbara hurry toward the elevator . the hospital , holly pavilion , lobby the small army of militant and activist have break through the security into the lobby . they entrance be greet by one small scream from a woman in the lobby . a leader of the invade troop call out . leader everybody take it easy ! nobody 's go to be hurt ! we just want the director ! other in the troop shout reassurance , but it do not really reassure anybody . the lady in the gift shop close she door and lock up . people crowd in a solid block in the doorway to the coffee shop to see what 's go on . from the long tunnel of corridor , nurse , doctor , administrative personnel pause in they chore and errand and mission to watch the tide of event in the lobby . holly pavilion , executive corridor the exit door be wrench open , and bock come hurtle into the carpete executive corridor toward the lobby , and at that moment the troop of militant come rumbling in from the other end . every door of the corridor fill with secretary and administrator unsure of what 's happen . then , sundstrom elbow he way through the clutch of secretary in he doorway and come into the corridor . he regards the militant move down the corridor toward he . shout crowd we want sundstrom ! we want sundstrom ! Community control ! Community control ! hip-hip-hippocrates ! up with service ! down with fee ! sundstrom you people want to see I ? first militant yeah , baby , we want to see you ... second militant we be take over this hospital , man ... sundstrom I have have it up to here . I be not deal with this kind of cheap blackmail ! leader now look , man . now wait a minute there ! first militant we be look for a hostage ! leader fourteen people just get arrest for do ... in the background , one of they fellow revolutionary speak up ... man lookit , man , where 's the tv camera ? ... but he 's shut up by the leader . leader would you be cool , man ? ( now yell ) fourteen people get arrest for do nothing but live in they home , which you people throw they out of . crowd right on ! leader so now we be go to arrest you . we be go to hold you hostage and we be not let you go un ... ambler , the medical student we meet during bock 's teach round , push in front of the leader to face sundstrom . ambler we , the member of the doctor Liberation Committee indict this hospital for the criminal neglect of the community in which it be situate ! we demand a immediate dissolution of the govern and executive board . shout what be you go to do about that fourteen ghetto people ? as the shout continue , sundstrom raise a hand to quiet the crowd . sundstrom I be not go to do anything ... about anything . shout yes , you be ! sundstrom by God , if you want to take over this hospital , you take it over ! shout we will ! right on ! sundstrom you run it ! I be finish ! I quit ! you run it ! you pay the bill ! you fight the city ! militant we will ! sundstrom you fight the state ! you fight the union . you fight the community ! you ... you think you can do a better job , you do it ! now I be finish ! I quit ! it 's all yours ! eye fill with tear of rage , sundstrom lower he head and move into the mass of militant , which part for he to leave . crowd quit ! quit ! the mass engulf sundstrom , move back out into the lobby with he , push he , shove he , humiliate he . reaction shot of bock watch it all from the far end of the corridor . he close he eye and the pain of watch all this show on he face . he open he eye . the corridor be now silent and empty . he hurry to ... holly pavilion , the lobby bock rush in , as the milling throng dissolves into the bystander , security police and city cop . common sense have settle in and the general tenor be to avoid any further trouble . we can hear the rhythmic patter of cop . shout of cop all right , come on ... come on -- let 's clear the area . -- come on , let 's clear this place ... keep cool . everybody keep cool . bock elbow he way through the throng as it drift toward the door to ... the hospital , entrance plaza . day ... and go through the gather police . a mobile tv camera crew and a few reporter be hurry up through the gate from first Avenue . first avenue . day the reverend drummond stand , a solitary human island , among the shrill roar of the city . the protester protest endlessly , chanting , shout . absolutely no one pay any attention to the gaunt , doctor-clad sixty - year - old man stand on a island . except , of course , for bock , who must pause to wait for a red light . bock hustle through the traffic to where drummond stand . drummond let that who be in judea flee to the mountain , for the age be close , the season of the seventh seal be at hand ! the age be close ! the season of the seventh se ... bock Dr. welbeck be dead . they think he be you . drummond yes , I know . we must arrange to have he body ship to my Apache village where we will bury he with full tribal rite . in a day or two , somebody will ask , " whatever happen to Dr. welbeck ? " and it will be assume he abscond to Brazil to join he partner , the eminent orthopedic surgeon , Dr. Noel hogan . welbeck , too , be mislaid , overlook , forget to death , you see . the ambulance pull up and Barbara get out of it . barbara ( take she father around to the back ) we have to hurry , dad . the light turn green . the traffic start flow around they , disjoin by the ambulance block one lane on each side of the divide island . a ambulance attendant have open the back door to get drummond in . Barbara hurry toward the front , climb in , hold the door open for bock . he stand a few pace back . bock I be not go . ( he move to the ambulance , close the door ) the hospital 's come apart . I can not walk out on it when it 's come apart . somebody have to be responsible , Barbara . everybody 's hit the road , run to the hill , run away . somebody 's get to be responsible . ( across Barbara to the driver ) Kennedy Airport . you have get a two - thirty flight to make . he turn , and the ambulance pull away . bock go back to the sidewalk where he meet sundstrom , now wear he coat . bock you go back in ? sundstrom yeah . they make they way back toward ... the hospital , entrance plaza the two physician trudge across the u-drive . sundstrom ( matter - of -factly ) it 's like pissing in the wind , right , herb ? bock right . fade out . the end