T h E G R E E N m I L E screenplay by Frank darabont from the novel by Stephen King first draft 11/4/97 " we each owe a death , there be no exception ... " -------------------------------------------------------------- a song begins , distant as a fade memory on a old Victrola : once I build a railroad , make it run ... make it race against time ... once I build a railroad , now it 's do ... brother , can you spare a dime ... open credit sequence play against footage of the great Depression , image haunt and sepia-tone , define a era . the bread line ... the soup kitchen ... the dust bowl refugee head west with they possession on they back and no hope in they eye ... the strutting gangster royalty flaunt they bootleg rich ... a entire generation of lose youth riding the rial ... the U.S. army troops raining truncheon blow on the half - starve and forget veteran of World War one as " hooverville " be set afire in the very shadow of the nation 's capitol ... all this face , all this life , in a world not really so very long ago ... ext . field - day ( slow motion ) ... where cattail sway in the sepia-tone heat . a small scrap of fabric be snag in the nettle , flutter languidly ... color bleed slowly in as mosquito swarm and dragonfly skitter , show the fabric scrap to be pale yellow ... suddenly , a man with a shotgun come crash through the cattail , wiping through frame and exite ... ... then another man ... and another ... armed with rifle , plow through the brush , exite frame ... ... and now come klaus detterick , a farmer one step above shirt - tail poor , a double - barrel shotgun in the crook of he arm . he pause , horrify , see the scrap of cloth . he pull it loose , turn back , scream something in anguish ... ... and still more man come crash into view , flooding by we with dreamlike , slow-motion grace . one man be lead a team of dog , try to untangle the lead . deputy rob mcgee be shouting for everybody to stay together ... ... and under it all , we hear a sibilant , frightening whisper : whispering voice ( v.o. ) you love you sister ? you make any noise , know what happen ? and off that horrible voice , we CUT to : int . georgia pine nursing home - morning ( present day ) a clock radio spew the morning weather report , abruptly pull we into the present with a prediction of rain . paul edgecomb , late 70' / early 80' , wake to another day ... int . paul be room - morning Paul stand at he bathroom mirror , meticulously buttone he shirt . he pick up a hairbrush , start tidy he hair ... int . corridor - morning the old and infirm haunt this corridor like ghost . a woman inch along on a walker . a man shuffles by with a roll i.v. stand . the floor be a limey , institutional green . Paul come into view , spry for he age , murmur a occasional greeting . int . breakfast room - morning dozen of retiree be have breakfast , sip weak coffee or tea . some chat and gossip , other be content to keep they own company , some just stare slackly into space . Paul enter , see elaine connelly sit with a few other lady , sip tea . she 's 80 , refine and elegant , he best friend here . she give he a good -morn smile . he give she a rakish wink in return , which make she smile all the more . Paul reach past the people at the counter and sneak two piece of cold leftover toast off a serve plate . he toss Elaine another look -- catch ya later -- and exit . int . hallway past kitchen - morning Paul slip to the back door unnotice . identical red plastic rain ponchos line the wall on peg . he help himself to one and ease outside , make good he escape . ext . nursing home - establishing - morning nestled in a valley of wood hill , a drizzly mist roll over the treetop . Paul appear f.g. , come up the ridge in he borrow poncho . he look back at the valley below , inhale deeply -- this be a man who love he walk . he pull a piece of toast from he pocket and start to nibble as he press up on the ridge ... low angle : nursing home and ridge beyond ... and we see Paul from a distance , just a speck trudging up toward the treeline . a pickup truck rumble into frame and park , a bumper sticker loom large : " I have see God and his name be newt gingrich " . brad dolan get out , a orderly in he late 20' / early 30' , arrive for work in jeans and cheesy plaid shirt . he gaze up toward the ridge , scowling and mutter softly : brad Old fuck . he slam the door and head for the nursing home ... ext . wood - morning ... as camera boom down through the tree to find Paul wander a wood path , munch a tidbit of toast , look for all the world like Red Riding Hood in he plastic poncho . it 's silent here , like a church . the only sound we hear be the twitter of the bird and the hammer of the woodpecker . a rustling SOUND make Paul freeze . he turn , become transfix . softly : paul oh , my ... reverse angle reveal a magnificent buck , not twenty foot away , misty breath punch the cold morning air . they watch each other for a endless moment , both stand stock still ... ... and then the animal bound away , vanish into the foliage . Paul let out a breath , shake he head in wonder . he take another bite of toast , move on ... ... and we pan with he to reveal a pair of old wooden storage shack along the path up ahead . int . shack - morning Dark in here , cobwebby and decrepit . we see Paul approach outside the grimy window . he step up to the glass and shade he eye , peer curiously in as we dissolve to : ext . nursing home - day Paul approach the back door , return from he walk . he reach for the knob ... and a figure in white lunge from behind the dumpster to grab he wrist . he whirl , gasp in fright -- it 's Brad dolan , wear he orderly 's uniform . brad out for a little stroll , paulie ? paul let go ... Paul try to pull away , but dolan 's get he tight . brad what 's with this poncho you get on , huh ? this be not yours . paul I get it off the wall there . there 's a whole row of they . brad but not for you , paulie , that 's the thing . that be for the staff . paul I just borrow it . do not see what harm it do . brad it 's not about harm , it 's about rule . you probably do not think a old fart like you have to mind rule anymore , but that 's just not true . Brad 's eye keep shifting -- he obviously do not mind abuse the elderly as long as he do not get catch do it . paul I be sorry if I break the rule . brad you get no business up in that wood anyway , especially in the rain . what if you fall and bust a hip , huh ? who you think 's gonna have to hoss you sorry old bacon back down here ? I , that 's who . paul you be hurt I ! brad what do you do up there , anyway ? you be too old to go jerk off , so what do you do ? paul nothing . I just walk , that 's all , I like to walk ! Brad lash out and grab Paul 's other hand , which he 's be hold tightly clench shut . brad come on . open up . let poppa see . Paul uncurl he finger , revealing the crush remnant of a bit of toast , he palm slick with a greasy oleo smear . elaine ( o.s. ) Paul ? they turn . Elaine stand just inside the screen door with a cup of tea . Brad 's eye become calculate , wonder how much she 's see . Elaine keep she tone level , betray nothing : elaine I see you come back , think you would like some tea . ( beat ) be you come in ? paul Mr. dolan and I be ... chat . about the weather . I think we be through now . Brad let Paul loose , lean close : brad paulie ? you tell anyone I squeeze you po ' ol ' hand , I will tell them you be have senile delusion . who you think they will believe ? Brad walk off . Paul turn , watch he go . the screen door open and Elaine step out , she face pale . Paul give she a strain , though grateful , smile as we CUT to : int . tv room - day Jerry springer 's on the tube , whipping he studio audience into a frenzy . pan off to reveal dozen of old folk watch on couch and fold chair . a old black fellow name pete be grouse to a group of elderly lady ... pete why we always watch this crap ? elderly lady # 1 it 's interesting . pete interesting ? bunch 'a inbred trailer trash , all they ever talk about be fuck ... ... and we continue panning to Paul and Elaine sit near the back , talk quietly as Paul rub he bruise hand : elaine we should report he . paul that might just provoke he all the more , make thing worse for everybody . elaine it 's not everybody he have it in for , Paul . it 's you . ( off he look ) what do you do to provoke he in the first place ? nothing . he 's just a abusive bully , and should be make to stop . paul ellie , please ... Pete be at the tv , switch channel while : elderly lady ...no , the Movie classic channel be further down ... past the Home Shopping ... keep go ... he find the Movie classic channel , which be play a old black and white musical - - " top hat , " with Fred astaire and Ginger Rogers . a delighted reaction : elderly lady # 2 oh ! this be wonderful ... Paul idly shift he gaze to the tv... and he expression go slack with recognition and dismay . Elaine see the look in he eye . he glance away ... even briefly consider walk out ... but in the end , he can not help himself . the past just catch up with he with a freight - train wallop , and , for one , he decide to ride the rail ... he look back at the tv . on screen , Fred and Ginger have begin they famous " cheek to cheek " number , with astaire sing in that sublime , easy - go - lucky way of he : fred astaire Heaven , I be in heaven ... and my heart beat so that I can hardly speak ... slow push in on Paul , watch . he would like to take he eye off the screen , but the movie have he in a grip tighter than Brad dolan' . Elaine be watch he with puzzle concern : elaine Paul ? what be it ? no response . all he can hear be that music , all he can see be that dancer . the figure on tv be glide with ghostlike grace in they silvery , phosphor - dot world of long ago ... Paul abruptly burst into tear . the room go quiet , everything come to a standstill . all eye turn , some concerned , other merely curious . Paul just sit sobbing into he hand , shoulder heaving . elaine Paul ...my God ... orderly ( rush over ) what be it ? what 's wrong ? paul it 's okay ... I will be okay ... another orderly appear -- Brad dolan . he put he hand on Paul 's shoulder and lean close , feign concern . brad s'matter , paulie ? why the boo-hoo - hoo ? something nasty happen ? Elaine shove he hand away , eye flash with anger . elaine Mr. edgecomb will be perfectly fine without you help , thank you . Brad back off with a " hey , suit yourself " gesture . Elaine help Paul to he foot and lead he out . CUT to : int . SUN room - day Paul be stare out the window , pensive and drain . it 's raining now , patter the glass and the lawn beyond . Elaine wait across from he , wishing he would speak . softly : paul I guess sometimes the past just catch up with you , whether you want it to or not . it 's silly . elaine be it the film ? ( off he look ) it be , be not it ? paul I have not speak of this thing in a long time , ellie . over sixty year . she reach out , gently take he hand . elaine Paul . I be you friend . paul yes . yes you be . Paul wonder if he 's even up to talk about it after all this time ... and decide that perhaps he be : paul I ever tell you I be a prison guard during the depression ? elaine you have mention it . paul do I mention I be in charge of death row ? that I supervise all the execution ? this do come as a surprise . she shake she head . paul they usually call death row the last mile , but we call ours the Green mile , because the floor be the color of fade lime . we have the electric chair then . Old sparky , we call it . ( beat ) I have live a lot of year , ellie , but 1935 take the prize . that be the year I have the worst urinary infection of my life . that be also the year of John coffey , and the two dead girl ... fade to black in blackness , a title card appear : " the two Dead Girls " CUT to : ext . georgia countryside - day ( 1935 ) hundred of prisoner work the field , pickax rise and fall in wave , a prison song be sung in cadence with the work . guard patrol on horseback , rifle aim at the sky . a late 20 's Ford prison truck come chugge into view along the road , kick up a long trail of dust in the heat . it seem to be riding unusually low on its rear suspension . ext . cold mountain penitentiary - establishing - day a Depression - era prison in the south . the prison truck sway down the rutte dirt road toward the main gate ... int . E block toilet - day ... while Paul edgecomb , early 40' , stand in a cramped toilet in he guard 's uniform , try to piss . his face be pain , he forehead bead with sweat . int . E block ( the GREEN mile ) - day brutus howell ( nickname " brutal " for he intimidating size , but he 's actually rather thoughtful by nature ) stand at the entry door of the cellblock , peer out through a view slot . he see the prison truck arrive at the main gate . he turn and nod to fellow guard dean stanton sit at the duty desk , then cross the Green mile - - a wide corridor of fade green linoleum run some sixty pace top to bottom , with four large cell to a side . brutal step to the bathroom , listen a moment , knock softly . brutal Paul ? prisoner . paul ( o.s. ) Christ . gimme a minute . brutal wait patiently , a bit embarrassed . he finally hear a thin trickle , accompany by a stifle groan of pain . brutal you all right in there ? paul ( o.s. ) for a man pissing razor blade . the door open , revealing Paul 's pale and sweaty face . brutal you should 'a take the day off , go to see the doctor . paul with a new arrival ? you know better . besides , it 's not as bad as it be . I think it 's clear up . they hear the truck honking as it rumble up outside . Paul give they a nod to resume they position . Paul walk down the mile , pass the cell where two inmate reside -- the first be arlen bitterbuck , a washita Cherokee ; the second be eduard delacroix ( " del " ) , a skinny cajun . del New boy come in , boss ? paul never you mind , Del , you just keep you nose quietly on you business . Paul arrive at the end of the mile , take up a position at a empty cell . ( down at this end , past the cell , be E block 's version of the " hole " -- a padded room where violent inmate be send to cool off . it be not use very often ... in fact , at the moment , it 's double as storage space . ) brutal peer out the view slot as the truck stop outside . brutal damn , they be riding on the axle . what would they do , bust the spring ? guard percy wetmore and harry terwilliger of E block emerge from the back of the truck and step down , turn back ... tighter angle on back of truck we get we first glimpse of the new inmate as a pair of gigantic black feet step down into the yard ... and the rear of the truck bounce back up on its spring where it belong . brutal see what 's come , eye widen slightly . brutal Paul ? you might wanna reconsider get in the cell with this guy ? paul why 's that ? brutal he 's enormous . paul can not be bigger than you . brutal toss he a look -- just wait . he swing the door open in a hot flood of daylight , give we we first good look at : John coffey be a huge black man , nearly 7 foot tall and 300 pound , he massive head shiny and bald , he skin a tapestry of old scar , he prison overall ( the biggest size they have ) end at mid-calf . he look dull and confuse , as if wonder where he be and how he get there . percy and Harry lead he toward E block in shackle . percy 's get he hickory baton out of it custom - make holster , holler : percy Dead man walk ! Dead man walk here ! Inside the cellblock Paul can not see they approach from where he stand , but he can certainly hear percy : paul jeezus , pleeze - we , what the hell 's he yell about ? up by the door , brutal just roll he eye . percy be the first one through the door , still holler ... percy Dead man walk ! ... then coffey enter , ducking low to get through , he shadow blotting out brutal and Dean as he massive frame fill the door . everything hang suspend for a moment , a look of " hold shit " write on everybody 's face . percy keep yanking on the big man 's cuff , lead he along with a cry of : percy Dead man walk ! Dead man -- paul percy , that 's enough . percy fall reproachfully silent . Paul do not dignify it , just motion for they to come on . the procession come down the mile , with brutal and Dean bring up rear . brutal you sure you wanna be in there with he ? paul ( look to coffey ) be I gonna have trouble with you , big boy ? coffey shake he head slowly . Paul take the clipboard transfer papers from Harry , turn and enter the cell . coffey just stand outside the cell and wait , as if he do not understand the concept . Paul motion he to come on in . coffey start to comply , but percy rap he smartly with the tip of he hickory baton to get he move faster . coffey flinch , enter the cell . Paul stare angrily at percy , who stand slapping he hickory baton against the palm of he hand like a man with a toy he 's itching to use . paul percy . they be move house over in the infirmary . why do not you go see if they could use some help ? percy they get all the man they need . paul why do not you just go make sure ? ( off he look ) I do not care where you go , percy , as long as it 's not here at this very moment . percy flush red , the baton hover near he palm . he look like he 's about to say something , but think better of it and stalk angrily up the mile instead ... ... and see Del at he bar , smile . infuriate , percy swing he baton and smashes Del 's finger with a loud crack . Del jerk back , howling in pain : del oww , GOD , he bus ' my finger ! percy wipe that grin off you shitpoke face , do not I paul goddamn it , percy ! get the hell off my block ! percy throw Paul a look of disdain -- you block , huh ? he swagger out . Del 's on he knee , weep from the pain : del oww , damn , boss , he do bus ' my finger for true ... paul we will get it look at , Del , now keep yourself quiet like I say ! Del fall silent , moan over he hand . Paul turn to coffey , who look unsettle by all the commotion . paul if I let Harry take that chain off you , you gonna be nice ? coffey nod . Harry enter to remove coffey 's shackle . paul you name be John coffey . coffey ( deep and quiet ) yes , sir , boss , like the drink , only not spelt the same . paul so you can spell , can you ? coffey shake he head . Harry step out . paul my name be Paul edgecomb . if I be not here , you can ask for Mr. terwilliger , Mr. howell , or Mr. stanton ... that gentleman there . ( beat ) this be not like the rest of the prison . it 's a quiet place , we like to keep it that way . coffey consider this carefully , puzzle . coffey it be not I make all the noise , boss . paul ( eye narrowing ) you have a joke on I , John coffey ? coffey no , sir . Paul see he be not joke , continue : paul you time here can be easy or hard , depend on you . if you behave , you get to walk in the exercise yard every day . we might even play some music on the radio from time to time . question ? coffey do not miss a beat , as if he 's be wait to ask : coffey do you leave a light on after bedtime ? Paul blink . it 's the last thing he expect . coffey smile uneasily , as if they might think he foolish for ask . coffey because I get a little scared in the dark sometimes . if it 's a strange place . Paul look to he man . the guard be trading glance . paul it 's pretty bright in here all night long . we keep half the light burn in the corridor . coffey cor'der . coffey look confuse . Paul point to the light lining the ceiling of the Green mile in wire mesh cage . paul right out there . coffey nod , relieved . then he surprise everybody by offer Paul he hand , as if to show proper manners . Paul hesitates , oddly touch , then surprised he man even more by accept . coffey 's hand swallow he . coffey shake gently , let go . Paul step from the cell . brutal slide the door shut , lock it . coffey stand a moment as if unsure what to do , then sink onto the cot with he hand clasped between he knee . he look up at Paul , he voice soft as a whisper : coffey could not help it , boss . I try to take it back , but it be too late . Paul turn , lead he man up the mile ... paul' inner office ... and they enter a few moment later . Paul be furious , but keep a lid on he temper : paul Dean , run delacroix up to the infirmary and see if he finger be break . brutal course they be break , I hear the damn bone crack . goddamn percy . harry you hear what he be yell when we bring the big dummy in ? paul how could I miss it , Harry ? the whole prison hear . this make brutal snort , break the tension -- the other can not help smile . brutal you will probably have to answer for send he off the mile . he 's gonna cause you trouble over this , you mark I . paul I will chew that food when I have to . right now I wanna hear about the new inmate ... aside from how big he be , okay ? brutal ( smile ) monstrous big . damn . paul seem meek enough . look like they send we a imbecile to execute . harry imbecile or not , he deserve to fry for what he do . here ... Harry toss a pair of manila envelope bound with rubber band on the desk before Paul -- coffey 's file . harry ... make you blood curdle . CUT to : ext . E block prison yard - day a small be reserve for inmate of the mile , fence - off from the main prison yard . arlen bitterbuck walk the perimeter under the watchful eye of guard bill dodge . we find Paul sit by himself on the bleacher with coffey 's file on he knee , thoughtfully unwrap he brown - bag sandwich . push slowly in as he begin to read ... ext . detterick farm - dawn ( flashback ) ... and we see klaus detterick walk from he house to the barn with a milk pail , a solitary figure against a brighten horizon . he disappear into the barn ... ... and we hold for a long moment , the house silent b.g. , chicken cluck and scratch in the front yard ... ...until a woman' scream shatter the silence . klaus reappear , drop the pail , run toward the house ... paul on bleacher ...as Paul turn the page , keep read ... int . detterick house - dawn ( flashback ) ...and klaus burst in to find he wife marjorie absolutely frantic with terror : klaus what ? GOD sake , what ? marjorie the girl ! the girl be gone ! she drag he through the house to a screen - off porch area where they 12 year old son howie be point and shouting -- howie papa ! papa , look ! the blood ! -- and klaus freeze there , stunne to see blood spatter on the floor and the screen door hang off its hinge ... klaus oh my God . paul on bleacher ...as Paul absently take another bite of he sandwich , not really taste it , keep read ... int . detterick house - dawn ( flashback ) ... plunging we back into the scream chaos : klaus grab up shotgun shell , howie load the .22 rifle he get for Christmas , marjorie sobbing incoherently ... klaus goddamn it , woman , get on the phone now ! you tell ' em we head west ! mind what I 'm saying ! west , y'hear ? ... and she go stumbling through the house , grab for the phone as she man disappear toward the porch b.g . : marjorie Central ! Central , be you on the line ? oh , God , please , somebody take my little girl ... outside the house klaus and he son race from the house , follow spatter of blood across the yard ... paul on the bleacher ...as Paul let out a long breath , turn the page ... ext . country road / field - day ( flashback ) --- and we see car and truck pull up , men jump out with rifle , pour down the incline toward the field where klaus be holler and wave he arm . deputy mcgee come slide down from the road , take charge at the top of he lung -- mcgee I want all the weapon unloaded , y'hear ? take out you shell , I won't have a man shot by accident today ! bobo , where they dog ? -- and the dog come bound out of the back of a truck , howling down the incline to lead the chase ... various angle ... which take we through the cattail and bulrush ... to the spot where klaus find the little scrap of pale yellow fabric , turn and scream ... klaus oh , Lord , this belong to my Katie ... ... and they keep go , stop abruptly as they find : a blood - drench area of tramped grass . a little girl 's bloody nightgown hang in the low branch of a tree . some of this strong man look like they might throw up or faint at the sight of it . they blood freeze in they vein as a inhuman howling commence up ahead . it 's like nothing they have ever hear before , raise the hackles of man and dog alike . paul on bleacher ...as Paul quietly turn another page , shaking he head ... paul Jesus . ext . field - day ( flashback ) the man reload they weapon . everybody 's terrify . mcgee start off , the other follow he lead toward -- the river -- where they emerge from the treeline , draw ever closer to the source of that inhuman howling ... ... and they stop , gaze in horror : John coffey sit on the riverbank in bloody overall , he huge foot splay out before he . he 's make that inhuman howling sound , face twisted in monstrous grief , pause occasionally to take in a great hitching breath of air . curle in he massive arm be the naked body of detterick 's 9 year - old twin girl , they once - blonde hair now matte to they head with blood . a tableau . the man stare . John coffey howling . a train puffing smoke across the landscape . klaus detterick break the moment , lung down the riverbank in a headlong rush . the other try to grab he , but he shrug they off and throw himself on coffey with a scream of inarticulate rage , kick and punch , fist fly . coffey barely seem to notice . the other catch up with klaus , drag he off . he fall to he knee on the riverbank , sobbing into he hand . howie run to he , throw himself into he father 's arm . they hug each other tightly , overwhelm with grief . a semblance of quiet descend , except for coffey 's heartbroken wail . a ring of rifle tote man form around he , though he hardly seem aware of it . mcgee step forward , uncertain : mcgee mister . coffey go quiet at once , eye still stream tear . mcgee mister ? can you hear I ? ( coffey nod ) you have a name ? coffey John coffey . like the drink , only not spelt the same . mcgee hunker carefully down , watch for any sudden move . mcgee what happen here , John coffey ? you want to tell I that ? coffey I could not help it . I try to take it back , but it be too late . mcgee ( pause ) Boy , you be under arrest for murder . mcgee spit in coffey 's face ... paul on bleacher ... as Paul look up with a slight start , jarre from he read to find warden hal moore stand before he . hal I interrupt ? paul I be just about do . Paul stow the file as hal settles onto the bleacher . paul how 's that pretty gal of yours ? hal melinda 's not so well , Paul . not so well at all . get laid up with another headache yesterday . worst one yet . she 's also develop this weakness in she right hand . paul Doctor still think it 's migraine ? hal give a slight shake of he head . hal I will be take she up to indianola next day or so for some test . have x-ray and the like . she be scared to death . Truth to tell , so be I . paul if it 's something they can see with a x-ray , maybe it 's something they can fix . hal maybe . he pull a letter , hand it to Paul . hal this just come in . d.o.e. on bitterbuck . Paul glance toward bitterbuck , scan the letter , nod . paul you do not come all the way down here just to hand I a d.o.e . hal no . I have a angry call from the state capital about twenty minute ago . be it true you order percy wetmore off the block . paul it be . hal I be sure you have reason , but like it or not , the wife of the governor of this state have only one nephew , and he name happen to be percy wetmore . I need to tell you how this lay out ? paul Little percy call he aunt and squeale like a schoolroom sissy . ( hal nod ) he also mention he assault a prisoner this morning out of sheer petulance ? break three finger on eduard delacroix 's leave hand . hal I do not hear that part . I be sure she do not either . paul the man be mean , careless , and stupid . bad combination in a place like this . sooner or later , he 's gonna get somebody hurt . or worse . hal you and brutus howell will make sure that do not happen . paul easy enough to say . we can not watch he every minute , hal . hal stick with it . May not be much longer . I have it on good authority that percy have a application in at briar Ridge . paul the mental hospital ? hal ( nod ) administration job . better pay . paul then why 's he still here ? he could get that application push through ... hell , with he connection , he could have any state job he want . hal have no answer . Paul look off toward bitterbuck . paul tell you what I think . I think he just want to see one cook up close . hal follow Paul 's gaze , take he meaning . hal well , he will get he chance then , will not he ? maybe then he will be satisfied and move on . in the meantime , you will keep the peace . paul of course . hal thank you , Paul . hal rise , slapping yard dust off he trousers . paul you give melinda my love , okay ? I bet that x-ray turn out to be nothing at all . hal walk off look like he 's get the weight of the world on he shoulder . Paul look at the letter again ... tight on letter ... which be head : date of execution . " dissolve to : int . paul be house - night Paul be at the kitchen table in the wee hour of the morning , drink buttermilk and listen to soft music on the radio . janice edgecomb appear , shuffle sleepily downstairs . jan Paul ? paul hey , you . Music too loud ? jan no . there 's just this big empty spot in the bed where my husband usually sleep . paul he say to tell you he 's have a little trouble with that tonight . she come into the kitchen , stroke he hair . there 's a easy familiarity and a deep love between this two . jan worried about melinda and hal ? be that what 's get you up ? paul yeah , that . thing . jan thing . she sit on he lap and give he a crooked smile -- you be not get off that easily . paul get a new inmate today . Big , simple - minded fella . jan do I want to hear what he do ? paul no . one sleepless member of this family 's enough . ( softly ) the thing that happen in this world . it 's a wonder God allow it . she give he a tiny kiss above he leave eyebrow , in that special spot that make he prickle . jan why do not you come to bed ? I have get something to help you sleep , and you can have all you want . paul do not I wish . I have still get something wrong with my waterwork , I do not want to pass it on . jan you see Doc sadler yet ? paul no , because he will want I to take sulfa tablet and I will spend the rest of the week puke in every corner of my office . it will run its course all by itself , thank you very much for you concern . she kiss that spot above he eyebrow again . he smile . jan poor old guy ... dissolve to : in tight angle : copper plug be clean , switch be oile , circuit be test ... int . execution chamber - night ... as maintenance be perform on Old sparky by jack van hay and a small crew . Paul be carefully sand a connector plug . Dean be waxing Old sparky 's wooden arm to a gleam . Paul and Dean pause , think they hear a laugh drift in from E block ... and then brutal call softly to they : brutal ( o.s. ) Paul ? Dean ? int . E block - night Paul and Dean enter to find brutal try not to wake the con in they cell by laugh too loudly . they follow he gaze down the mile , see nothing , turn to he like he 's crazy . brutal I guess the legislature loosen that purse-strings enough to hire on a new guard . ( off they look ) look again . he 's right there . Paul and Dean look again and this time they see it : a tiny brown mouse be come up the mile . it trot a short distance , peer right and leave as if check the snore inmate in they cell , then make another forward spurt . paul he 's do a cell check . this get they all try not to laugh . the mouse draw ever closer . Dean start to look worried . dean it be not normal for a mouse to come up on people that way . maybe it 's rabid . brutal oh , my Christ . the big mouse expert . the mouse man . you see it foam at the mouth , mouse man ? dean ( dubious ) I do not see its mouth at all . that do it -- Paul and brutal burst out laugh . the mouse stop before they and peer up , curling its tail primly around its paw as if to wait . the guard fall silent , fascinate . bitterbuck stir in he cell , sit up to watch . brutal tear off a piece of he half - eat corn beef sandwich , hold it delicately out with two finger . the mouse rise up , appraise the morsel with shiny black eye . dean aw , brutal , no ! we will be hip - deep in mouse around here ... brutal ( to Paul ) I just wanna see what he will do . in the interest of science , like . Paul shrug . brutal drop the scrap . the mouse grab it and eat , sit up like a dog do a trick . the mouse turn and scurries back down the mile , vanish under the restraint room door at the far end . Dean throw Paul a " I tell you so " look . dean he 's in the damn restraint room . you know he 's gonna be chew the pad out of wall and make himself a nice little nest . brutal give Paul a sheepish look -- well ? Paul sigh . paul all right . let 's get the damn mouse . they stride grimly down the mile to the restraint room door , man on a mission . coffey 's awake now , peer from he cot . coffey saw I a mouse go by . paul it be a dream . go back to sleep . coffey be not no dream . it be a mouse all right . paul can not put anything over on you . Paul unlock the door , revealing a padded room fill with storage : clean supplies , bucket of paint , mop and ladder , you name it . brutal shrug off he jacket . Paul grab a mop from a steel bucket , hand it to Dean . paul Dean , watch the door . he try to get past you , whack he . dean brutal or the mouse ? brutal har har , mouse man . brutal and Paul start do the heavy lift , muscle a unused filing cabinet out the door ... dissolve : ... and they finally relay the last few heavy bucket of paint onto the mile . Paul and brutal catch they breath , scan the empty restraint room . they eye go glaringly to Dean . paul you let he get past you . dean no I do not , I be here all the time ! brutal then where the hell be he ? they move slowly into the room , peer into every nook and cranny , utterly mystify . brutal shake he head . brutal Three grow man . outsmarted by a mouse . dean well , bright side be , all this commotion probably scared he off for good . paul yeah , that 's right . that 's the last we will see of he ... fade to black in blackness , a title card appear : " the mouse on the mile " CUT to : int . E block - day a low , static shot . Green floor stretch before we . Harry and Bill dodge be at the desk b.g. , do paperwork and filing chore . percy be idling nearby , whistling softly and comb he hair ... ... and into this quiet shot , deep in foreground , creep the mouse . he start walk the mile as before ... ... right toward percy . coffey stare through he bar as the mouse go by ... percy keep comb he hair , unaware ... del sit quietly pick he nose in he cell . the mouse appear outside the bar , cruise inexorably up the mile . Del turn slowly , watch the mouse go by ... percy still groom himself , still unaware ... the mouse keep come closer . angle up to bitterbuck peer through he bar , watch he go by ... percy keep work that comb -- and freeze at the sound of a tiny squeak . his head swivel slowly ... ... and there 's the mouse . stare at he . that moment of eye contact reveal a enmity older than time itself . if mouse have a natural enemy , percy be it . paul you little son of a bitch . Harry and Bill glance up from they work . harry well , I will be damned . there he be , big as billy - be-frigge . I think brutal be pull my leg . bill that 's a goddamn mouse . harry yeah . brute say he be in here last night begging for food , come right up to the desk . bill my ass . give he some room , percy , see what he do . percy take a few careful step back , eye never leave the mouse . ( percy 's hand start ease toward the handle of he baton . ) the mouse come up to the desk as before . harry brave little bastard , gotta give he that . Harry break off a small piece of cracker and drop it . the mouse pick it up , start to eat . ( percy 's hand inch ever closer to he baton ) . bill here , lemme try . Bill drop a piece of cracker . the mouse ignore it completely , keep its beady little eye on Harry . ( percy 's hand start ease he baton from its holster . ) bill maybe he 's full . harry ( grin ) maybe he know you be just a floater . gotta be a E block regular to feed the E block mouse , do and cha know ... Harry drop another piece -- and sure enough , the mouse start to eat . Harry 's smile fade . he and Bill trade a look . harry I be just kid ab -- percy let rip a bellowing war cry ( " yaaaahhh ! " ) and launch he baton like a spear , scare the crap out of everyone . the mouse duck ( yes , actually duck ) and the baton sail over he head close enough to ruffle its fur , bounce off the floor . apparently remember a press engagement elsewhere , the mouse take off in a flash toward the restraint room . percy roar with frustration and take off after it , try to squash it with he heavy work shoe , leaping and stomping with great big gallop stride , miss the mouse by inch ... ... and thus be the Green mile traverse , with percy stomping and holler like a spastic flamenco dancer , the convict yell at they bar , the mouse zigging and zag like Jim thorpe head for the endzone ... the mouse win , zipping to safety under the restraint room door . percy pound he fist against the door in frustration : percy fuck ! he fumble with he key , unlock the door , yell all the while : percy i'm gonna rip you diseased head off , you little piece of shit ! outside E block Paul and brutal be arrive for work -- they pause , hearing percy yell drift from the window . the regular con in the yard be drift curiously to the fence , wonder if a riot 's brewing . Paul and brutal take off run -- inside E block -- and rush in to find : harry percy meet you mouse . Harry point . percy 's down at the far end , rummage wildly in the restraint room , toss shit out onto the mile . percy it 's in here somewhere ! I be gonna squish the little son of a bitch ! he start muscle the filing cabinet out the door , kick bucket out of he way . brutal call out to he : brutal percy , we already try that -- percy what ? whad 'ja say ? brutal I say -- Paul stop brutal with a look -- do not you dare stop he . brutal -- uh , knock yourself out . hope you nail the bastard . Paul cross he arm and smile , lean back against the desk to wait ... dissolve : ... and percy haul the last of the stuff out , exhaust . he step back in and look around , unable to believe there 's no mouse cower in the corner . Paul and the man approach , keep straight face , navigate the crap in the corridor . brutal gosh . ai not in there , huh ? do not that beat the mousie band ? percy keep scan the restraint room . the other all look to Paul , wait for he to speak - - you be the boss . paul percy . you want to think about what you be do just now . percy ( turn , glaring ) I know what I be do . try to get the mouse . you blind ? harry you also scared the live crap out of I and Bill . and they . he cock a thumb at the inmate in they cell . percy so what ? they be not in cradle - school , case you do not notice ... ( direct at Paul ) ... although you treat they that way half the time . brutal we do not scare them any more than we have to , percy . they be under enough strain as it be . paul Men under strain can snap . hurt themselves . hurt other . that 's why we job be talk , not yell . you will do better to think of this place like a intensive care ward in a hospital -- percy I think of it as a bucket of piss to drow rat in . that 's all . ( scan they face ) anybody do not like it can kiss my ass . how 's that sit ? brutal step forward , want to slug the little bastard . percy shy back , but keep he bravado up : percy try it . you will be on the bread line before the week be out . paul we all know who you connection be , percy ... ( step close ) ... but you ever threaten a man on this block again , we be all gonna have a go . job be damned . percy Big talk . you do ? paul get all this shit back in the restraint room . you be clutter up my mile . they turn and walk away , leave percy as we dissolve to : int . E block - night a slow tracking shot of the GREEN floor take we past a tiny scrap of break ... and then another ... and then past a mousetrap prime with a scrap of bacon ... ... and we keep follow a long trail of bread scrap and mousetrap until we come to percy , alone on the mile , carefully lay the last mousetrap down ... ... and he scoot back against the desk to wait , crouch and hold he breath , eye rivete to the restraint room door for any sign of he furry nemesis ... ... and camera boom slowly down off he face , dip down to floor level ... ... where the mouse be reveal under the desk , peer in the same direction as percy , wonder what the hell 's so interesting down there . it hop further out to see ... angle of percy from floor level ... and the mouse enter frame , hopping out a few more step , mouse and man stare in the same direction . a long beat . percy turn , look down at the mouse . the mouse turn , look up at percy ... ... and all hell break loose again . they race the mile as before , percy holler and stomping all the way , mousetrap snap and fly up into frame as they go charge wildly past the cell . the mouse win again . percy pause , furious ... and see coffey stare at he from he cell . coffey saw I a mouse go by . percy lose it , kick and punch the restraint room door in a scream rage as we fade to : int . E block - day Paul appear at bitterbuck 's bar with a group of guard . paul arlen ? you daughter and she family be here . bitterbuck step from he cell . Bill dodge escort he off the block . the moment they be go : paul let 's move . I want at least two rehearsals before he get back . int . visitor be room - day bitterbuck be lead in . his daughter rise ... a awkward hesitation ... and she touch he face , kiss he . he take she hand , kiss they , try not to cry . the rest of the family be there : son-in - law , grandchildren , cousins . they form around he , murmure hellos , shaking hand ... int . E block - day ... while toot -toot take bitterbuck 's place in the cell . he 's a wiry and toothless old trusty , crazy as a tick . he sit : toot sittin ' down , sittin ' down , rehearse now ! everybody settle ! he glance to Paul --okay , hit it . paul arlen bitterbuck , step forward . toot spring to he foot and step from the cell . toot I be steppin ' forward , I be steppin ' forward , I be steppin ' forward ... toot turn , show the top of he head to Dean . paul be he head properly shave ? dean no , it 's dandruffy and it smell . paul I will take that for a yes . all right , arlen , let 's go . toot start up the corridor , ringed by guard . toot I be walkin ' the mile , I be walkin ' the mile , I be walkin ' the mile ... paul' inner office toot throw himself to he knee as soon as they enter : toot I be prayin ' , I be prayin ' , I be prayin ' . the Lord be my shepherd , so on a ' so forth ... paul toot , you have to wait till I tell you to pray . ( toot wait ) okay , pray . toot still prayin ' , still prayin ' ... harry Paul , we be not gonna have some Cherokee medicine man in here whoopin ' and hollerin ' and shaking he dick , be we ? paul well , actually -- toot still prayin ' , prayin ' , gettin ' right with Jesus ... harry do it quietly , you old gink ! Harry slap toot upside the head to shut he up . paul as I be say , I do not believe they actually shake they dick , Harry . be that as it may , Mr. bitterbuck be a Christian , so we get reverend schuster come in . dean oh , he 's good . fast , too . do not get them work up . paul on you foot , toot . you have pray enough for one day . toot gettin ' to my foot , walkin ' again , walkin ' on the Green mile ... execution chamber they enter . brutal be wait for they , gun draw . percy peer out from behind the partition wall from the switch room . percy what do I do ? paul watch and learn . Paul motion percy behind the wall . percy sigh , take he spot next to Jack Van Hay , peer through the wire mesh as toot plop into Old sparky , wriggle he skinny ass to get comfy . toot sittin ' down , sittin ' down , takin ' a seat in Old sparky 's lap ... Paul and Dean kneel to apply the ankle clamp . brutal step in from the side , press down on the condemn man' leave arm to keep he in place until the ankle clamp be secure . Harry move in from the other side , secure the right arm clamp . toot gettin ' clamp , gettin ' clamp , gettin ' - - ow , shit , watch the skin ! Paul signal " ankle secure . " brutal holster he pistol , apply the final clamp to the leave arm . brutal Roll on one . behind the partition Van Hay mime turn the generator knob up , whisper : van hay " Roll on one " mean I turn the generator up full . you will see the light go brighter in half the prison ... resume MAIN chamber as brutal step before the " condemn " and pronounce : brutal arlen bitterbuck , you have be condemn to die by a jury of you peer , sentence impose by a judge in good stand in this state . do you have anything to say before the sentence be carry out ? toot ( gleefully ) yeah ! I want a fry chicken dinner with gravy on the tater , I want to shit in you hat , and I get to have mae West sit on my face , because I be one horny motherfucker ! brutal try to hold on , but it 's impossible - - he crack up . everybody fall apart , howling helplessly with laughter . even Jack Van Hay be guffaw behind he partition . only Paul be reining it in -- he 's a little too piss to go with it . he wait until the laugh fit start to pass , then : paul shut up , brutal . that go for everybody . I want quiet in here . ( turn ) toot , another remark like that , I will have Van Hay roll on two for real . brutal ( beat , gently ) it be pretty funny . paul that 's why I do not like it . tomorrow night we be do this for real . I do not want somebody remember a stupid joke like that and get go again . ( off they look ) ever try not laugh in church once something funny get stick in you head . same goddamn thing . brutal sorry , Paul . you be right . let 's keep go . Harry ... Harry take a black mask and snug it down over toot 's head , leave only the crown of he head expose . brutal take a large sponge , dip it in a steel bucket , mime soaking it ... behind the partition percy what 's with the sponge ? van hay you soak it in brine , get it good and wet . conduct the electricity directly to the brain , fast like a bullet . you do not ever want to throw the switch on a man without that . resume MAIN chamber as the sponge be place atop toot 's head . Harry now lower the steel cap and brutal secure the strap . brutal arlen bitterbuck , electricity shall now be pass through you body until you be dead , in accordance with the state law . God have mercy on you soul . ( to Van Hay ) Roll on two . behind the partition Van Hay mime flipping the switch , look to percy : van hay and that 's that . resume MAIN chamber toot can not resist - - he start buck and flail : toot now I be fryin ' ! fryin ' ! geeaaah ! fryin ' like a do tom turkey ! Paul roll he eye at brutal . brutal shift he gaze past he and nod -- look behind you . brutal one of the witness show up a day early . Paul turn . sitting on the door sill , watch they with beady eye , be the mouse . Paul turn back , address the room : paul all right , let 's go again and do it right this time ! get that idiot out of the chair ... high wide angle of execution chamber brutal and Harry start undoing toot 's clamp . everybody relax , drift from they position ... dissolve to : same angle as above - next night ... and the room be now quietly fill up with witness trickle in . people speak in whisper , if at all . int . bitterbuck's cell - night bitterbuck , the top of he head now shave , be speak quietly as Paul listen : bitterbuck you think if a man sincerely repent on what he do wrong , he might get to go back to the time that be happiest for he and live there forever ? could that be what heaven be like ? Paul do not think so -- but that 's not what bitterbuck need to hear , so the lie come easy : paul I just about believe that very thing . pause . bitterbuck smile . bitterbuck have I a young wife when I be eighteen . spend we first summer in the mountain . make love every night . she would just lie there after , bare - breast in the firelight , and we would talk sometimes till the sun come up . ( beat ) that be my best time . brutal appear at the door , check he pocketwatch , nod to Paul . bitterbuck take a deep breath , get himself ready . paul it will be fine . you will do fine . int . execution chamber - night the sponge be pull sopping wet from the bucket of brine , drip a trail of water across the floor . brutal place it atop bitterbuck 's head . Water course down the side of the condemn man 's mask and neck , pool on the floor . the cap be lower , the strap secure . all we hear now be the sound of bitterbuck 's breathing grow louder and faster under the mask ... until , softly : brutal Roll on two . wham ! the switch be throw . bitterbuck surge forward against the strap , riding the powerful current . some witness turn away . Paul and brutal maintain grim eye contact with each other , wait . behind the partition , percy watch through the mesh with gleam eye , wishing he could see better . Van Hay kill the current . bitterbuck go limp . a doctor step forward , check for a heartbeat , shake he head . brutal again . the switch be throw a second time . bitterbuck surge forward again , riding the current all the way ... CUT to : int . E block access tunnel - night bitterbuck 's dead face stare up at we from a gurney . a hand reach down , give he cheek a squeeze . tilt up to : percy adios , Chief . Drop we a card from hell , let we know if it 's hot enough . brutal knock percy 's hand away , shove he aside . brutal he 's pay what he 's owed . he 's square with the house again , so keep you goddamn hand off he . he draw the sheet over bitterbuck 's face , wheel the gurney down the tunnel . percy throw a look to Paul . percy what 's up he ass ? paul you , percy . always you . Paul brushes past he , but : percy you gotta hate the new boy ? that the way it be around here ? paul ( turn back ) why not just move on ? go to briar Ridge . ( off he look ) yeah , I know about it . sound like a good job . percy I might take it , too . soon as you put I out front . Paul cock he head -- excuse I ? percy you hear I . I want brutal 's spot for the next execution . paul ( beat ) what 's with you ? see a man die be not enough ? you gotta be close enough to smell he nut cook ? percy I wanna be out front , be all . just one time . then you will be rid of I . paul if I say no ? percy I might just stick around for good , make I a career of this . Paul just shake he head in wonder and walk away . fade to : int . coffey' cell - day coffey 's lie on he bunk , weep quiet tear . he stir at the sound of giggling . he sit up , peer curiously through the bar . softly : coffey Del ? at the guard station Paul glance up from write in the daily log . silence now . he go back to write -- and the giggling come again . paul delacroix ? that you ? no answer . just more giggle . Paul rise , walk down the mile to delacroix 's cell -- and stop , stare in through the bar . paul' inner office brutal and Dean be have lunch . Paul poke he head in . paul you be not gonna believe this . resume E block the man follow Paul onto the mile . by now , Del be cackling wildly in he cell . brutal shoot Paul a look -- have he go insane ? Paul gesture " see for yourself . " they arrive at the bar ... and find the mouse sit on Del 's shoulder . Del look up , giggle like a kid at Christmas . del look ! I do tame I that mouse ! paul we see that . del watch dis ! watch what he do ! he stretch out he leave arm . the mouse crawl over the top of he head , scamper along he arm to the wrist , turn around and scamper back . the guard just stand there , stare . del ai not he sumpthin now ? ai not Mr. jingle smart ? paul Mr. jingle ? del dat he name . he whisper it in my ear . cap and , can I have a box for my mouse so he can sleep in here wi ' I ? paul I notice you English get better when you want something . del wanna see what else he can do ? watch , watch , watch ... he put the mouse on the floor , grab a small wooden spool . the mouse see it , poise like a man get ready for a race . del we play fetch , Mr. jingle ? we play fetch ? he toss the spool across the floor , bounce it against the wall . the mouse go after it like a dog after a stick -- and proceed to push it back to the bunk , roll it with its front paw all the way to delacroix 's foot . by now , the guard 's jaw be hang open . Paul 's get a funny little chill run up he spine . del he fetch it ever ' time . smart as hell , be not he ? we do da trick again , watch , watch , watch ... again he throw the spool . again the mouse go after it , start roll it back . Del howl with laughter , clap he hand like a kid . brutal murmur to the other : brutal who 's training who here ? coffey that 's some smart mouse , Del . like he 's a circus mouse or something . del a circus mouse ! dat jus ' what he be , too ! a circus mouse ! I get outta here , he make I rich , see if he do not ! he pick up the spool again , make a drumroll sound , toss it . the mouse do its thing , roll the spool back ... ...as percy enter the scene . Del catch sight of he and scoops up he mouse , draw fearfully back on he bunk . he try to hide Mr. jingle in he hand -- but the mouse wriggle from he grasp and scamper up on top of he head , where he regards percy with mistrustful , beady mouse eye . percy well , well . look like you find yourself a new friend , Eddie . Del try to offer some defiance -- but all he can manage be : del Don ' hurt he , ' kay ? ' kay ? percy shrug as if to say " no skin off I " , look to Paul . percy that the one I chase ? paul ( level ) yes , that 's the one . only Del say he name be Mr. jingle . percy be that so ? Paul trade a look with the other , everybody wonder just what the hell 's go through percy 's mind . paul Del be just ask for a box . he think the mouse will sleep in it , I guess . that he might keep it for a pet . what do you think ? percy I think it will shit up he nose some night and run away , but I guess that 's Del 's lookout . ( beat ) we oughtta find a cigar box . get some cotton bat from he dispensary to line it with . that should do real nice . percy walk away , leave they dumbstruck . Paul turn to the other . of all the thing they have see in the last few minute , percy be nice be the most amazing of all . paul man say get a cigar box . CUT to : int . prison administration build - day Paul come up the stair to the warden 's office ... int . warden moore ' office - day ... and enter to find hal stare out the window . paul hal ? you want to see I ? hal yeah . Paul . Close the door . hal 's speech be halting , he thought disjoint and slow : hal uh. so you know . you get a new prisoner come in tomorrow . William wharton . Young kid . Wild as hell , judge from this ... he pick up the report , try to focus he thought : hal ... be rambling all over the state last few year , cause all kind of trouble . finally hit big time . kill three people in a holdup , include a pregnant woman . get " billy the kid " tattooe on he leave arm ... bad news all around ... he trail off , no longer able to focus on the word . Paul be shocked to see tear spill silently down he cheek . paul hal ? hal it 's a tumor , Paul . a brain tumor . Paul do not know what to say . hal look at he . hal they get x-ray picture of it . it 's the size of a lemon , they say , and way down deep inside where they can not operate . they say she will be dead by Christmas . I have not tell she . I can not think how . for the life of I , Paul , I can not think how to tell my wife she 's go to die . hal moore , one of the toughest and steadiest man you would ever meet , start to cry . he dissolves into great big gasp sob , lose all control . CUT to : int . paul be bedroom - night Paul lie awake , watch Jan sleep . he look troubled -- not to mention feverish . it occur to he how badly he have to pee . he sit up , clutching at a queasy stab of pain in he groin ... live room stair ... and come hurry down the step , clutching himself ... ext . house - night ... and he 's move even faster as he exit the kitchen , racing for the outhouse . he realize he 's not go to make it , stop to piss near the woodpile at the corner of the house ... ... and as he do , he 's hit with the most stun pain of he life . he buckle to he knee -- it 's only he flail hand against the woodpile that prevent he from go face - first into he own piss . he cram he other hand to he mouth in a enormous effort not to scream and wake he wife . he manage to ride it out until he bladder empty . he fall onto he side , roll over on the grass , and stare up at the sky with both hand press to he groin . paul ...oh god...oh God ... fade to black in blackness , a title card appear : " coffey 's hand " CUT to : int . paul' kitchen - morning Paul look feverish and clammy as he button up he uniform jacket . Jan be pack he lunch , throw he look , know how sick he be . paul I be go . jan what ? paul to the doctor . I be go . ( off she look ) today . just as soon as we get the new inmate square away . jan that bad ? paul oh yeah . she hand he he brown - bag lunch , kiss he face . CUT to : int . briar ridge mental hospital - morning we see a tattoo : " billy the kid . " tilt up to william wharton stare out the window , wear a hospital gown , he face utterly blank . he look heavily medicate . Harry , Dean , and percy enter . billy do not react , just keep stare out . Harry wave he finger in billy 's face . harry Boy 's doped to the gill . Dean , hand I they clothes ... Dean relay some fold prison clothes to Harry . harry William wharton ! hey ! I be talk to you ! put this clothes on ! billy turn with a vacant look , take the clothes . he fumble with the shirt , drop the pants . Harry and Dean sigh . they strip billy 's hospital gown off and proceed to put the shirt on he , guide he limp arm through the sleeve . percy hellraiser , huh ? look more like a limp noodle to I . hey ! hey , you ! billy look up , meet percy 's eye . percy you be declare competent ! know what that mean ? mean 's you be gonna ride the lightning , son ! percy do a quick impression of a man jittering and jerk in the electric chair . percy bzzzzzzzzt-zap ! just like that ! how 's it feel to know you be gonna die with you knee bent ? dean c'mon , percy , give we a hand . laugh , percy pick up the pants . they proceed to help billy into they one leg at a time ... CUT to : int . E block toilet - day Paul be try to piss . except for a few drop hit the bowl , excruciate pain seem to be the only result . he give up , grab a towel , wipe the sweat from he feverish face ... int . E block - day ... and step gingerly from the toilet . Del 's watch . del Don ' look so good , boss . look like you runnin ' you a fever . Paul shoot he a baleful look -- no kid . another voice call softly from further down the mile : coffey ( o.s. ) boss edgecomb ? need to see you down here , boss . paul get thing to tend to just now , John coffey . you be still in you cell now , y'hear ? coffey fall silent . Paul go to the entrance door and peer through the view slot , anxious to have this over with ... ext . cold mountain penitentiary - day the prison truck appear , sway along the rutte road ... in the truck ... while billy wharton stare at nothing , drool drip from he slack mouth in long string . int . E block - day Paul watch the truck pull in . he draw away from the slot , proceed toward the empty cell which use to be bitterbuck 's ... angle on truck the rear door be swing open . Harry emerge . Dean and percy be guide billy by the arm , help he down ... inside E block Paul wait at the empty cell . angle pan tight to coffey at he bar , eye widen in a blossoming of some nameless fear or dread . something bad 's come . a whisper : coffey careful . outside E block billy be bring to the door . Dean pull he key , start to unlock it . we push in on billy 's face , where the tiniest trace of a smile be start to grow ... inside E block ... and coffey 's unease grow with it . he press he face to the bar , he whisper become more urgent : coffey careful . careful . Paul hear he , glance back with a puzzle look . coffey 's gaze be direct at the door , which be be unlock ... the door ... and open . in that moment , the slack look on billy 's face give way to a wild grin . a craze screech leap from he throat , a cross between a rebel yell and a dog be torture , freezing everybody 's blood in they vein -- billy yeeeeeeehaaaawwwwwwrooooo! -- and he drop he wrist - chain down over Dean 's head , jerk it tight , begin to strangle he . Dean lurch forward , billy riding / propelling he through the door onto the mile . percy stand freeze in the doorway , stunne . Harry shove he aside and jump on billy from behind , try to get he off Dean . Dean be choke , turn purple . Paul rush from the cell to join the fray . billy whirl , deliver a stun kick to Paul 's groin . Paul 's bladder pain go nuclear - - he fall back in agony , clutching himself and suck air through he tooth , unable even to scream . billy ram a elbow into Harry 's face , knock he sprawling on the desk , scream and laugh and howling all the while : billy whoooee , boy ! ain 't this a party , now ? be it , or what ? Paul force himself to he foot , pull he revolver , draw down on billy ... paul let he go ! ... but billy jerk Dean around , use he as a shield ... billy g'wan , shoot ! see who ya hit ! Dean be choke , die . Paul be shifting he aim , try for a clear shot , not get one . percy 's still just inside the doorway , press against the wall with fear ... paul hit he , percy ! goddamn it , hit he ! billy c'mon , percy , hit I ! hit I , you limp noodle , hit I ! yeehawww ! ... and suddenly a hand come in , grab the hickory stick out of percy 's grasp , raise it high -- -- it 's brutal come through the door . he swing the baton and land a awesome blow to billy 's head --thump ! the force of it spin billy off he foot and slam he flat on he back . Dean crawl away , gulp rag breath of air . amazingly , billy 's still conscious - - he look up at brutal and laugh : billy Big fucker . snuck up on I . no fair . still laugh , he make another grab at Dean . brutal whacks he again , turn he light out for good . brutal drop to Dean 's side , help he hack air back into he lung : brutal breathe ... breathe ... that 's it ... everybody 's reining in they adrenaline . Paul glare at Harry . harry we think he be doped . ( to percy ) do not we ? do not we all of we think he be doped ? percy nod , still numb . Paul be furious : paul you do not ask ? I guess that 's not a mistake you will be need to make again anytime soon , be it ? Harry shake he head miserably . Paul grab billy by the foot . paul grab he arm ! you too , percy ! ( off percy 's hesitation ) percy , goddamn it , get you foot out of cement and help we out here ! percy finally unfreeze . the three of they hoist billy up in a dead - lift , get he in he cell , toss he on the cot . they step out , slam the door , lock it . Paul look to Harry and brutal . paul get Dean look at right away , make sure he 's all right . percy , you go make a report to the warden for I . start off by say the situation be under control -- it 's not a story , he will not appreciate you draw out the suspense . brutal what about you ? you look about ready to collapse . paul I have get the mile till you all get back . go on now . they all exit . as soon as he 's alone , Paul give in to the pain , hold he crotch and sink to he knee with a moan . it 's so bad he actually lay down on the mile , face press against the cool linoleum , wishing he be dead . a stretch of silence ... and then : coffey ( o.s. ) boss ? need to see ya down here . paul this be not a good time , John coffey . not a good time at all . coffey ( o.s. ) but I need to see ya , boss . I need to talk t'ya . Paul sigh . thing could not get much worse than this . he rise with a supreme effort , walk painfully down the mile ... coffey' cell ... and find coffey wait at he bar . coffey closer . paul I be alone here right now , John . figure this be close enough . coffey boss , please . I get to whisper in you ear . Paul blink . maybe it 's the fever clouding he brain , or maybe ... hell , be this what be hypnotize be like ? he try to shake the sensation off , come a little closer . del boss ? you know you not s'pose to do that . paul mind you business , Del . what do you want , John coffey ? coffey just to help . his hand shoot out , grab Paul by the collar , jerk he close . Paul make a panic-grab for he revolver ... ... but coffey lay he free hand atop Paul 's , ease he grip from the gun - - no need for that . coffey 's hand then drift slowly down , ease to Paul 's crotch ... paul ( stunne , freeze ) what be you ... do ? ... and something go whump through Paul 's body . he arch back with he mouth agape and arm outstretch as a rush of energy seem to pass from Paul through coffey 's hand ... ... and then it 's over . Paul come back to the real world , weak against the bar , realize Del be holler in he cell : del help ! JOHN coffey' killing boss edgecomb ! help ! paul Del , chrissake , settle down , I be fine ... it dawns on he that he really be fine . fever 's go . so be the pain in he groin . John coffey , though , seem to be have trouble . he sit down on he bunk , bend forward , gag like a man with a chicken bone catch in he throat . paul John ? John , what 's wrong ? Paul fumble he key to the lock , unsure if he should open the door , watch the big man 's contortion grow stronger like a cat try to cough up a hairball ... ... and then come a unpleasant , gag / retching sound as coffey 's lip draw back from he tooth in a kind of godawful sneer ... and he exhales a cloud of what look like tiny black insect . they swirl furiously in front of he face , turn white ... and disappear . Paul just stare , stunne . softly : paul what do you do , big boy ? what do you do to I ? coffey I help it . do not I help it ? paul yes , but ...how ? coffey shrug -- it 's something that just be . coffey just take it back , be all . awful tired now , boss . Dog tired . he roll onto he bunk , face the wall . Paul just stare at he , stunne . he turn and walk up the mile , he stiffness and pain now go . Del watch he go by , also stunne : del what that man do to you ? he throw some gris-gris on you ? ( off Paul 's look ) you look diff'int ! even walk diff'int . like y'all better ! paul you be imagine thing . lie down , Del . get you some rest . Paul continue up the mile ... E block toilet ... and step back into the toilet . not trust this situation for even a moment , Paul open he fly , take a deep breath to prepare himself for the pain , start to pee ... ... and we hear a healthy stream of water hit the bowl . the look on Paul 's face say it all -- bless relief . CUT to : int . paul be house - dusk Paul come home from work , still look numb about the whole thing . he drift to the kitchen door . Jan 's at the counter , slice vegetable for dinner . she glance at he . jan hi , honey . how be you feel ? paul um ... not too bad . she turn back . Paul 's eye drift down to admire she ass . jan what do the doctor say ? no response . he 's too busy stare . she turn again - - he glance hastily up . paul oh , you know doctor . gobble - de - gook mostly . she turn back , keep work . he cross the room , eyeing she ass all the way ... and surprised she by press up against she from behind , run he hand along she hip . jan Paul ? what be you do ? he start lay kiss on the back of she neck , give she pleasant shiver , murmure : paul what 's it feel like ? jan I know what it feel like ... it feel great ... but ... Paul ... he 's get she breathless . she turn into he arm and they get into some passionate kissing . it 's not too long before they be frantically peel each other 's clothes off ... int . bedroom - night ... and we find they have a wild tumble in the sheet , both moan and groan , sweat and panting . she push he flat on the bed , pause to catch she breath ... jan that must have be some pill . ... and they keep go , rutting like craze weasel ... ext . house - night ... as they moan go drift into the night ... fade to : same angle as above - dawn ... and they be still moan up there as the sun creep up . int . bedroom - morning Jan fall back , exhaust after the latest go-round . she catch she breath , look over at Paul , and finally : jan Paul ? not that I be complain . but we have not go four time in one night since we be nineteen . ( off he look ) you wanna tell I just what the hell 's go on ? paul well ... thing be ... I never actually get to the doctor yesterday ... she give he a look -- oh ? CUT to : int . live room - morning Paul be on the phone : paul brutal ? listen ... I be think of take the morning off sick . you cover the fort for I ? ( beat ) that 's swell . thanks . yeah , I be sure I will feel better . okay . he hang up , turn to Jan . jan you sure you ought to do this ? paul I be not sure what I be sure of . CUT to : ext . road to tefton - day Paul 's model T come putt-putte up the road past a sign : " trapingus County welcome you . " ext . house in tefton - back porch - day burt hammersmith , public defender for trapingus County , sit with a cold soda and a magazine , watch he two child play on a swing at the far end of the backyard . the screen door open and cynthia hammersmith usher Paul out . cynthia I offer you a cold drink ? paul yes , mar 'am , a cold drink would be fine . thank you . she go back inside . burt rise . paul Mr. hammersmith . you office say I would find you at home today . I hope I be not troubling you . burt that depend , mr.--? paul Paul edgecomb . I be the E block superintendent at cold Mountain . burt the Green mile . I have hear of it . lose a few client you way . paul that 's why I be here . I would like to ask you about one of they . burt settles back down , motion " please sit " . burt which client ? now you get my curiosity arouse . paul John coffey . burt ah , coffey . he cause you problem ? paul no , can not say he be . he do not like the dark . he cry on occasion . other than that ... burt cries , do he ? well , he 's get a lot to cry about , I would say . you know what he do . paul ( nod ) I read the court transcript . Cynthia reappear , hand Paul a cold root beer . paul thank you , missus . cynthia my pleasure . kid ! lunch be about ready ! y'all come on up ! she go back inside , but the kid be not quite able to tear themselves away from they play . burt what exactly be you try to find out ? satisfy my curiosity , I will see if I can satisfy yours . paul I have wonder if he ever do anything like that before . burt why ? have he say anything ? paul no . but a man who do a thing like that have often develop a taste for it over time . occur to I it might be easy enough to follow he backtrail and find out . a man he size , and color to boot , can not be that hard to trace . burt you would think so , but you would be wrong . believe I , we try . it 's like he drop out of the sky . paul how do you explain that ? burt we be in a Depression . a third of the country 's out of work . people be drift by the thousand , look for work , look for that greener grass . even a giant like coffey would not get notice everywhere he go ... not until he kill a couple of little girl . paul he 's ... strange , I admit . but there do not seem to be any real violence in he . I know violent man , Mr. hammersmith . I deal with them day in and day out . burt smile , realize : burt you do not come up here to ask I whether he might have kill before . you come up here to see if I think he do it at all . that 's it , be not it ? paul do you ? burt one seldom see a less ambiguous case . he be find with the victim in he arm . blurt out a confession right then and there . paul yet you defend he . burt everyone be entitle to a defense . Cynthia holler from a open window : cynthia kid ! lunch ! burt y'all listen to you momma , now ! the kid start this way . burt turn back to Paul . burt tell you something . you listen close , too , because it might be something you need to know . paul I be listen . burt we have we a dog . no particular breed , but gentle . ready to lick you hand or fetch a stick . just a sweet mongrel , you know the kind . ( Paul nod ) in many way , a good mongrel dog be like you negro . you get to know it , and often you get to love it . it be of no particular use , but you keep it around because you think it love you . if you be lucky , Mr. edgecomb , you never have to find out any different . my wife and I be not so lucky . caleb . come here for a second . the little boy come to he , stare at he foot . burt tire to raise the boy 's chin . the boy resist for a moment ... burt please , son . ... and then he face come around . he 's horribly scar on that side , the eye miss . burt he have the one eye . I suppose he 's lucky not to be blind . we get down on we knee and thank God for that much at least . right caleb ? ( the boy nod shyly ) okay , go on in now . the boy race inside after he sister . Paul follow burt 's gaze off toward the rear of the property , where a unoccupy doghouse stand weathered and sad in the weed . burt that dog attack my boy for no reason . just get it into he mind one day . same with John coffey . he be sorry afterwards , of that I have no doubt ... but that little girl stay rape and murder nonetheless . maybe he 's never do it before -- my dog never bit before , but I do not concern myself with that . I go out there with my rifle and grab he collar and blow he brain out . paul I be sorry for you trouble . burt acknowledge the condolence with a gracious nod . burt I be as enlighten as the next man , Mr. edgecomb . I would not bring back slavery for all the tea in China . I believe we have to be humane and generous in we effort to solve the race problem . but we have to remember that the negro will bite if he get the chance , just like a mongrel dog will bite if it cross its mind to do so . ( beat ) be coffey guilty ? yes , he be . do not you doubt it , and do not you turn you back on he . you might get away with it once or even a hundred time ... but in the end ... he raise he hand , make bite motion with he finger . burt you understand ? Paul say nothing . burt gaze out again . softly : burt I be gonna have to tear that old doghouse down one of this day . CUT to : int . paul be model T - day Paul drive back to cold Mountain , he heart conflict ... int . E block - day ... and he walk onto the mile with a bundle wrap in a dish towel . brutal glance up from the desk , sniff the air . paul no , it 's not for you . Paul continue down the mile . whatever he 's carry , the smell of it bring Del to he bar . even mr.jingle come skitter out of he cigar box , sniff . del oh. oh my . Paul arrive at coffey 's cell . coffey 's on he bunk face the wall . his head come around , draw by the aroma . he sit up , wipe the tear leak from he eye , look at Paul . coffey I be smell I some cornbread . Paul speak softly so the other can not hear : paul it 's from my missus . she want to thank you . coffey nod thoughtfully , absorb this notion . then : coffey thank I for what ? paul you know . for help I . coffey helping you with what ? Paul motion discreetly to he crotch . coffey ohhh. ( beat ) be you missus pleased ? paul several time . Paul hand he the bundle through the bar . coffey take it , uncover the cornbread reverently , gaze back up . coffey this all for I ? Paul nod . across the way , Del be press he face longingly through the bar while Mr. jingle crawl on he shoulder . del oh my . John , I can smell it from here . I surely can . coffey ( look to Paul ) can I give some to Del ? paul it 's yours , John . you do with it as you please . John carefully scoops a big chunk of cornbread out with he enormous hand , hold it through the bar to Paul . coffey here 's for Del and Mr. jingle then . billy hey ! what about I ? I be 'a get some too , be not I coffey look to Paul -- do I have to ? paul it 's yours , John . as you please . coffey well . Fine . I think I will keep the rest , then . he smile like a big kid , digging in with he finger . Paul cross the mile to Del 's cell , hand he he share . paul courtesy of the gentleman across the way . del oh , John . so very fine of you . so very kind . Mr. jingle t'ank you . coffey ( mouth full ) ... well 'cm ... billy hey ! what about I ? do not you hold out on I , ya big dummy nigger ! Paul 's temper flare - - he step to billy 's cell . paul you will keep a civil tongue on my block . beat . billy spit in Paul 's face and follow it up with a big grin - - what be you gonna do about that ? Paul be seethe as he wipe the spit off , but keep he temper where it belong . paul you get that one for free . but that 's the last one . Paul walk away . billy laugh , holler after he : billy that 's it ? just that little bitty one ? guess I will have to pay out for the rest , huh ? dissolve to : int . E block - day Harry be walk the mile , do a cell check and jotting on a clipboard . he pause , make a notation ... ... and a long stream of piss hit he leg . billy 's at he bar , pee on he . Harry jump back , stunne . billy howl with laughter , hose he aim wildly from side to side . billy yeehaaw ! good shot , be not it ? oh , the look on you face ! Paul and brutal come run . Harry 's just flabbergasted : harry you believe this ? Son of a bitch piss on I ! billy hey , d' jall like that ? I be currently cooking some turd t'go with it ! Nice soft one ! I will have them out t'yall tomorrow ! Paul stay calm , turn to brutal , nod at the restraint room . paul we have be look to clear that room out anyway . timecut : a stream of guard come tote the last of the restraint room stuff past billy 's cell while he heckles they from the bar ... billy hey ! whassit now , movin ' day ? y'all wanna come in and dust a little ? y'can shine my knob for I while yer at it ! ... and he pause as Paul and brutal step to the bar . Paul have a canvas straitjacket . brutal pull he nightstick . billy you can come in here on you leg , but you will go out on you back , billy the kid guarantee ya that . ( motion to brutal ) c'mon , fuckstick . no sneakin ' up on I this time . we will go man to man , see who 's the better fel - - brutal unlock the cell -- and sidestep , revealing Harry point a fire hose . the hose erupt , drive billy across the cell with bone - jarring force . they batter he half - senseless , then cut the water . billy collapse in a heap . Paul and brutal drag he semi-conscious from he cell and get the straitjacket on he . he come around as they draw the strap tight and pull he to he foot . paul c'mon , Wild Bill . Little walky walky . billy do not you call I that ! Wild Bill hickock be not no range rider ! he be just a bushwackin' John Law ! Dumb sonovabitch sit with he back to the door and kilt by a drunk ! brutal oh , my sud and body ! a history lesson ! you just never know what you be gonna get when you come to work everyday on the Green mile . thank you , Wild Bill . billy let out a scream of rage and throw himself at brutal . brutal , bored , shove he back toward Paul , who then propel he down the mile toward the open restraint room door . billy see where they intend to put he , resort to plead : billy oh , not in there ! c'mon now , I will be good ! honest injun I will ! no! no! ummmmhhhh ...urg ...ah ! he suddenly drop to the floor , buck and jerk wildly , spew drool . Harry 's eye go wide . harry Holy Christ , he 's pitchin ' a fit ! Paul reach down and unceremoniously start drag billy kick and writhe the rest of the way . paul he will be fine , boy . trust I on this one . brutal help Paul toss billy headlong into the padded room . they slam the door ... restraint room ... and billy stagger to he foot in the straitjacket , inarticulate with rage , start throw himself against the door , scream at the top of he lung . billy all I wanted I be a little cornbread , you mutherfuckers ! fade to : int . E block - next day Paul and brutal unlock the restraint room . billy look up from the corner , pale and drain . softly : billy I learn my lesson . I will be good . CUT to : int . E block - day billy 's back in he cell , quiet for a change . toot - toot be outside the bar , mop the floor . billy notice a chocolate Moon pie in toot 's shirt pocket . billy pssss . hey . give 'ya nickel for that Moon pie . toot look around . nobody 's watch , and a nickel 's a nickel . he step to billy 's bar , swap the Moon pie for the money . toot hurry away . billy unwrap the Moon pie , make sure he 's not be watch ... and cram the entire thing into he mouth ... dissolve : ... and here come brutal strolling down the mile , do a cell check and jotting on a clipboard . he pause , see : billy at he bar . just stand there stare . his cheek bulg way out . brutal step closer , fascinate ... what the fuck be that . billy wait until he 's just a bit closer -- -- and he slam he fist against he own cheek , propelling a disgusting spew of liquefy chocolate sludge into brutal 's face . billy fall back onto he bunk , shriek with laughter : billy li'l Black sambo , yassuh , boss , yassuh , howdoo you do ? brutal ( beat , calmly ) hope you bag be pack . timecut : ... and once again , billy get drag to the restraint room , kick and scream all the way . they toss he in , slam the door . brutal turn , still wiping trace of sludge off . paul the Moon pie thing be pretty original . gotta give he that . brutal nod . they walk away as we fade to : int . E block - day Paul and brutal appear at Del 's bar with Harry and Dean . paul Del , grab you thing . Big day for you and Mr. jingle . del whatchoo talkin ' bout ? paul important folk hear about you mouse , wanna see he perform . not just guard , either . one of they 's a politician all the way from the state capital , I believe . Del swell with pride upon hearing this . he scrounge up Mr. jingle prop , step from he cell , look to Harry and Dean . del you fella comin' ? harry we get other fish to fry just now , Del , but you knock them for a loop . Del nod , beam happily , look to coffey in he cell . coffey you knock them for a loop like Mr. Harry say , Del . brutal lead Del up the mile , Paul and the other at they heel . percy 's at the duty desk . he smirk and roll he eye as Del go by . the moment brutal and Del be out the door ... ... toot emerge from Paul 's office where he 's be hide . paul let 's move along briskly , folk . there 's not much time . toot hurry down to take he place in Del 's cell . toot I be sittin ' down , I be sittin ' down , I be sittin ' down . int . office / administration build - day a half dozen guard be wait . we find Bill dodge fix the tie of a fat good ol ' boy name earl . earl be sweepin ' floor here ten year , never have to wear no damn tie before . bill you be a v.i.p. today , Earl , so just shut up . a knock at the door . everybody take a seat . Del be ushere in by brutal . Del face he audience , put he hand to he chest in a " thank you " gesture worthy of lillie langtry before she ador public , then announce grandly : del messieur et mesdame ! Bienvenue au cirque de mousie ! int . execution chamber - day the steel cap be lower over toot 's head , the strap tightened . tilt up to percy as : percy Roll on two . behind he partition , Van Hay mime flipping the switch . van hay that 's that . a pause . percy look anxiously to Paul , who 's trading glance with the other guard . finally : paul very good . very professional . percy smile . Harry and Dean step up , slapping he back and shaking he hand ... int . E block - day ... and they be still chat a short time later , wait for Del 's return . percy actually look happy for a change , feel genuinely accept for the first time ... billy be watch from he cell . just watch . the door open . Del return with Mr. jingle on he shoulder , escort by brutal . brutal be tote the cigar box and spool like a magician 's assistant carry the boss ' prop . paul well ? del they love Mr. jingle ! they laugh and cheer and clap they hand ! percy well , that 's just ace . pop back in you cell , old - timer . the generosity of percy 's tone catch Del completely off guard . Del give he a look of almost comical mistrust ... ... and the old percy come back . he bare he tooth in a mock snarl and curl he finger as if to grab Del . it 's a joke , but Del do not know that -- he jerk back in fear and trip over brutal 's big foot . Del go down hard , hit the linoleum with the back of he head . Mr. jingle jump clear , go squeaking down the mile . Del sit up , painfully clutching he head . brutal help he up ... brutal percy , you shit . ... and move he toward he cell . percy be actually move to apologize - - he start after they with a half - laugh , drift much too close to Wild Bill 's side of the mile ... percy Del ! hey , you numb wit , I do not mean nothin ' by it ! you all ri-- ... and Wild Bill 's arm thrust out , grab percy and slamm he back against the bar with a arm around he throat . percy squeal like a pig in a slaughter - chute , think he 's gonna die . the guard scramble , draw they club -- as billy stroke percy 's hair and whisper in he ear : billy ai not you sweet . Soft . like a girl . I druther fuck you asshole than you sister 's pussy , I think . billy kiss percy 's ear -- and he hand drop down to squeeze percy 's crotch . Paul pull he sidearm , take aim ... paul wharton ! ... and billy let go , step back with he hand raise , laugh . percy dart across the mile in terror and cringe against the cell opposite , breathe so loud and fast it almost sound like sobbing . billy I let ' im go , I 'us just playin ' and I let ' im go ! never hurt a hair on he purty head ! ( grin at percy ) you noodle be not limp at all , loverboy ! I think you sweet on ol ' billy the kid ... ( sniff he finger ) ...oooh , but smell you . down at he cell , Del start laugh shrilly . everybody else start to realize it , include percy himself ... he look down , see the huge dark stain spread at he crotch . del lookit , he do piss he pants ! look what the big man do ! he bus ' other people wid ' be stick , mais oui some mauvais homme , but someone touch he , he make water in he pants jus ' like a baby ! percy just stare . brutal shove delacroix into he cell . brutal shut up , Del . Paul step to percy , put a hand on he shoulder . percy shake he hand off , look around at they face , whisper : percy you talk about this to anyone , I will get you all fire . I swear that to God . paul what happen on the mile , stay on the mile . always have . the man nod solemnly . nobody 's go to talk about this . percy look at delacroix still snort in he cell , point at he . percy you keep laugh , you french - fry faggot . you just keep laugh . Del fall silent . percy turn and storm away as we fade to black in blackness , a title card appear : " the bad death of eduard delacroix " CUT to : int . del' cell - day Paul be sit with delacroix . brutal be lean against the bar . Del be throw the spool . Mr. jingle be fetching it . the silence be thick . just the clack - clatter of the spool , and the skitter skitter of tiny mouse paw on concrete . it 's get on Paul 's nerve in a big way . softly : paul what about Dean ? he 's get a little boy would love a pet mouse , I bet . Del look horrify at the think . del how could a boy be trust wid Mr. jingle ? maybe forget to feed he . and how he keep up wid he trainin' , just a boy , n'est - ce pas ? Del toss the spool again -- clack -clatter , skitter -skitter . paul all right , I will take he . del t'ank you kindly , merci beaucoup , but you live out in the wood , and Mr. jingle , he be scared to live out dan la foret . paul he whisper that in you ear ? Del nod , toss the spool again -- clack -clatter , skitter skitter . Paul be completely out of idea . but then : brutal how about mouseville ? del mouseville ? brutal Tourist attraction down in Florida . tallahassee , I think . be that right , Paul ? tallahassee ? paul ( level ) yeah , that 's right . tallahassee . just down the road apiece from the dog university . brutal 's mouth twitches , but he manage to keep a straight face . he give Paul a look - - do not blow this . brutal you think they would take Mr. jingle ? you think he 's get the stuff ? paul might . he 's pretty smart . del hey ! what dis mouseville ? brutal Tourist attraction , I say . they get this big tent you go into -- del like a cirque ? you have to pay ? brutal you shittin ' I ? course you pay . dime a piece , two cent for the kid . and inside the tent there 's this mouse city make out of box and toilet paper roll ... percy be drift up the block , listen too , but nobody 's really pay he much mind . brutal ... plus they get the mouseville all - Star Circus . there 's mouse that swing on trapeze , mouse that roll barrel , mouse that stack coin ... del dat 's it ! dat 's da place for Mr. jingle ! you gonna be a circus mouse after all ! gonna live in a mouse city down in Florida ! Del toss the spool extra hard -- it take a bad bounce off the wall and go clatter through the bar onto the mile . the mouse go after it like a shot , too intent to notice : his old enemy percy . brutal percy , no ! percy stomp the heel of he heavy work shoe down on Mr. jingle . there 's a soft SNAP as the mouse 's back break . Del scream in horror and throw himself at the bar , sobbing the mouse 's name . percy look to brutal and Paul , smile . percy knew I would get he sooner or later . just a matter of time , really . he turn and stroll up the mile , leave Mr. jingle die in a tiny pool of blood . up at the duty desk , Dean and Harry get up from a cribbage game , stunne and furious . percy stroll past , exit to the execution chamber . Del be still scream , all he pent - up terror and grief pour out at the die mouse . and then come a soft , urgent voice : coffey give be to I . they turn . coffey 's get he arm out through he bar , one massive hand spread open . coffey give be to I . might still be time . Paul hesitates , scoops the mouse up off the floor , wince at the feel of it . splinter bone be poke at the hide . brutal what be you do ? Paul do not answer , just lay Mr. jingle into coffey 's hand . coffey pull the mouse in through he bar and lay he other hand gently over it , cupping the creature . all we see now be the tail hang out the side , twitching weakly . brutal Paul , what the hell -- Paul motion he quiet . Del be plead softly at he bar : del please , John . oh johnny , help he , please help he , s'il vous plait . Harry and Dean join the group . everybody watch now . coffey put he mouth to he cup hand , inhale sharply . the world hang suspend for a moment . coffey raise he face , contort as if desperately ill , start make that horrendous choke sound in he throat ... brutal ( softly ) oh , dear Jesus . the tail . look at the tail . they do . the tail be no longer weak and die . it 's snap briskly back and forth , as if ready to play . coffey make that retching / gag sound ... and again exhales a cloud of swirl black " insect " from he nose and mouth . the man watch , speechless , as the bug turn white and disappear . coffey bend down , open he hand . Mr. jingle bound off he finger through the bar , racing past the guard ' foot . they turn to see Del gather the mouse up , laugh and cry . Dean turn back to coffey with a stunne whisper : dean what do you do ? coffey I help Del 's mouse . he a circus mouse . goan live in a mouse city down in ... down in ... brutal ( numb ) Florida ? coffey nod , remember . coffey boss percy 's bad . he mean . he step on Del 's mouse . ( softly ) I take it back , though . and with that , he lie back on he bunk and face the wall . the other look to Paul , do not even know what to say . paul brute , come along with I . ( to Harry and Dean ) you fella go on back to you cribbage game . Harry nod numbly . Paul lead brutal up the mile ... execution chamber ... and they enter to find percy polish Old sparky 's arm . percy do not start in on I . it be just a mouse . never belong here in the first place . paul the mouse be fine . just fine . you be no better at mouse - kill than anything else around here . percy you expect I to believe that ? I hear the goddamn thing crunch . Paul step closer , angry as we have ever see he : paul be not you glad Mr. jingle be okay ? after all we talk about how we should keep the prisoner calm ? be not you relieved ? percy what kind of game be this ? paul no game . see for yourself . beat . percy stalk past they , head out onto the mile . Paul and brutal just wait , say nothing . brutal pick up the rag leave by percy , resume polish chore on Old sparky . Paul stretch , crack he neck . the silence heavy ... ...until percy reappear . percy you switch they ! you switch they somehow , you bastard ! brutal I always keep a spare mouse in my wallet for occasion such as this . percy you be play with I , the both of you ! just who the hell do you think you be -- brutal grab he , slam he bodily into the electric chair . Paul bend close , get right in percy 's face . paul we be the people you work with , percy , but not for long . I want you word . percy my word ? paul I put you out front for Del , you put in you transfer to briar Ridge the very next day . percy what if I just call up certain people and tell they you be harass I ? bully I ? paul go ahead . I promise you will leave you share of blood on the floor . percy over a mouse ? you think anyone 's gonna give two shit ? paul no . but four man will swear you stand by while Wild Bill try to strangle Dean to death . about that people will care , percy . even you uncle the governor will care . brutal thing like that go in you work record . work record can follow a man around a long , long time . percy look from one man to another , know he 's trap . paul I put you out front , you put in you transfer . that 's the deal . percy think it over , nod . he try to get up , but Paul keep he pin ... and pointedly offer he hand . paul you make a promise to a man , you shake he hand . percy hesitates , shake Paul 's hand ... high wide angle of execution chamber ...and Paul pull he out of the electric chair as we dissolve to : same angle as above - next night witnesses be trickle in , fill the seat . a storm be brewing , send flash of lightning across the floor . int . del' cell - night Del sit with Mr. jingle in he lap , stroking the mouse between the ear . Paul , brutal , and Harry appear at the bar . del hey , boy . say hi , Mr. jingle . paul eduard delacroix , will you step forward ? del boss edgecomb ? paul yes , Del ? del Don ' let nothin ' happen to Mr. jingle , okay ? Paul nod -- I promise . Del rise , step to Paul . del here , take he . Del lift he hand . Mr. jingle step off onto Paul 's shoulder with no hesitation . gently : paul Del . I can not have a mouse on my shoulder while ... you know . coffey I will take he , boss . jus ' for now . if Del don ' mind . del yeah , you take ' im , John . take he till ' dis foolishment do -- bien ! ( to Paul and brutal ) after , you take he down to Florida ? to that mouseville ? brutal we will do it together , most likely . maybe take a little vacation time . Paul move to coffey 's cell . the mouse skitter off Paul 's shoulder onto coffey 's hand . del people pay a dime apiece to see he . two cent for the kiddie . ai not that right , boss howell ? brutal that 's right , Del . del you a good man , boss howell . you too , boss edgecomb . wish I could 'a meet you bot ' someplace else . Del give Mr. jingle one last look , start to cry . del au revoir , mon ami . je t'aime , mon petit . and they start to walk the mile ... execution chamber swelter in the damp heat . rain be pissing down , drum the tin roof . people glance up uneasily as thunder boom . a fat lady be stare grimly at the electric chair . fat lady hope he 's good and scared . hope he know the fire be stoke , and that Satan 's imp be wait . angle on door Del enter , horrify to see percy wait at Old sparky . Paul give Del 's arm a reassure squeeze , lead he forward ... in a tight series of shot : the clamp be apply . the strap be draw tight . percy Roll on one . the light brighten on a rising hum . witnesses look up . on the mile coffey look up as the overhead flare hotter and hotter , whisper to the mouse in he hand : coffey you be still , Mr. jingle . you be so quiet and so still . resume execution chamber percy eduard delacroix , you have be condemn to die by a jury of you peer , sentence impose by a judge in good stand in this state . you have anything to say before sentence be carry out ? Del try to speak . do not quite manage the first time . lick he lip and try again . del I sorry for what I do . I give anything to take it back , but I can not . God have mercy on I . ( whisper to Paul ) Don ' forget ' bout mouseville . Paul and brutal nod -- and be stunne as : percy no such place . that 's just a fairy tale this guy tell you to keep you quiet . just think you should know , faggot . the stricken look in Del 's eye tell we a part of he have know all along . Paul and brutal would both like to deck percy right about now , and he know it -- he give they a " what be you gonna do about it " smile . nothing they can do . Paul nod to Harry , who take the black mask from the back of the chair and roll it down over Del 's head , leave the top of he shave head expose . percy take the sponge and bend down to the bucket of brine . the other do not see it , but we do : percy only pretend to dip the sponge and soak it . it never touch the water . he straighten up and place the sponge atop delacroix 's head , hide it with he hand . the cap be lower . Paul and the other have not yet realize what 's happen . thunder boom and lightning crash as percy hide a smile , step back to address the condemn : percy electricity shall now be pass through you body until you be dead , in accordance with state law . God have mercy on you soul . tight on paul as realization start to dawn . he stare at the bucket , then across the floor to delacroix , come to term with the evidence of he eye -- there 's no water on the floor or drip down the side of Del 's neck . Paul 's eye widen . a stunne beat of horror . he start to open he mouth to scream " no ! " , but percy beat he to it with : percy Roll on two . Van Hay flick the switch . wham . the electricity hit home and Del rock forward , riding the current . then thing start to go horribly wrong . the humming lose its steadiness and start to waver with a crackling SOUND . tendril of smoke begin curling from under the cap , a mixture of burn hair and sponge . brutal shoot Paul a horrify look . Paul respond with a harsh whisper : paul it 's dry ! delacroix begin twist and jittering in the chair , he mask face snap violently from side to side , he leg pistone up and down in he restraint . there 's a muffled pop from under the cap , like a pine knot explode in a hot fire . smoke start come through the fabric of the mask , puffing upward . Del be be cook alive . Paul spin to the partition , holler -- paul jack ! -- but brutal grab he arm , whisper fiercely : brutal do not you tell he to stop . do not you do it . it 's too late for that . Paul turn back , helpless . the other guard be trading wild look , unable to believe what 's happen . even percy look aghast -- he be expect something , but not this . Del begin scream -- the wild , hysterical sound of a animal be shred alive in a hay baler . the humming go uneven and rag , the light rise and fall ... on the mile ...as Del 's scream rise and fall with they , echoing up the corridor . coffey 's shaking and scream too , as if feel Del 's pain . Mr. jingle squirm out of he grasp and go squeaking in terror toward the restraint room door ... billy he's cookin ' now ! they cookin ' he good ! near about do , I reckon ! resume execution chamber wrong . Del 's nowhere near about do . he 's slamm back and forth in the chair hard enough to shake the platform , twist hard against the leather restraint . we hear bone breaking . a woman' scream . witnesses start rise to they foot : witness what the hell 's happen to he ?... be that clamp go to hold ?... Christ , the smell !... be this normal ? the mask burst into flame on delacroix 's face . Van Hay holler through the wire mesh , horrify : van hay should I kill the juice ? paul no ! roll , for christ sake , roll ! Harry scoops up the bucket of water to throw it . paul no water ! no water ! you crazy ? Harry back off with a look of daze understanding -- you do not throw water on a man get juice . right . he drop the bucket , race to get the chemical fire extinguisher instead . the flame mask peel away , revealing Del 's charr face . his eyeball be misshapen glob of burn white jelly blow out of they socket . the attending doctor faint dead away . pandemonium now in the room . people shouting and hurry to exit , chair fall over , woman scream : fat lady stop it , stop it , oh can not you see he 's have enough ? hal grab Paul by the shoulder , spin he around . hal why do not you shut it down ? paul he 's still alive ! you want I to shut down while he 's still alive ? hal be horrify at the think . Del be jittering and scream , rock from side to side , smoke pour from he nostril and mouth , he tongue sizzling purple-black . the witness be crowd and shove to get out , but the back door be lock . all they can do be cluster there . Paul see percy with he head turn away . he grab he , force he head around . paul you watch , you son of a bitch ! Harry step up , the extinguisher in he hand . wait . Del finally slump over . he still vibrate , but now it 's just the effect of current flow through he body . paul kill it ! Van Hay kill the current . the humming die . brutal grab the extinguisher from Harry , shove it into percy 's hand . brutal you do it . you be run the show , be not you ? percy , sick and daze , aim the extinguisher and hose the smoking corpse . hal be near the back , calming the crowd : hal it 's all right , folk , it 's all under control . just a power surge from the storm , that 's all , nothing to worry about ... paul Dean , get doc 's stethoscope . Dean drop to the doctor 's bag , dig through it , hand up the stethoscope . Paul plug they into he ear . people be moan and sobbing at the back of the room : man oh my God ! be it always like this ? why do not somebody tell I ? I never would have come ! Paul wipe some foam away from delacroix 's chest , place the stethoscope pad to the raw flesh . he nod to brutal - - it 's over . CUT to : int . access tunnel - night Paul and the other bring the stretcher down , lay the corpse on the gurney . percy start stammer excuse : percy I do not know the sponge be suppose to be wet -- brutal haul off and slug he . a scuffle ensue as the other grab brutal and pull he off . paul brutal , no ! brutal what do you mean , no ? how can you say no ? you see what he do ! paul delacroix 's dead , nothing can change that , and percy 's not worth it ! brutal so he just get away with it ? be that how it work ? hal come lung down the stair , furious : hal what the fuck be that ? Jesus Christ , three witness puke all over the floor up there ! and the smell ! I get Van Hay to open both door , but that smell will not come out for five damn year , that 's what I be betting ! and that asshole wharton be sing about it ! I can hear he ! paul ( quietly ) can he carry a tune , hal ? this pull the plug on the moment -- hal snort , trigger laughter among the man , a wild release of tension and fear . everybody start feel a bit saner again as it die down : hal okay , boy . okay . now what the hell happen ? all eye go to percy . hal turn , see percy 's bloody lip . hal percy ? something to say ? percy I do not know the sponge be suppose to be wet . beat . a look of utter contempt from hal . hal how many year you spend pissing on the toilet seat before somebody tell you to put it up ? paul percy fuck up , hal . pure and simple . hal be that you official position ? paul do not you think it should be ? hal consider it , nod . paul he will be put in a transfer request to briar Ridge tomorrow . move on to bigger and better thing . be not that right , percy ? percy nod . hal step close , give he a tight , icy smile . hal you be a little asshole , and I do not like you a bit . ( off percy 's look ) have that transfer request on my desk first thing . hal head back up the stair . brutal shove percy aside and wheel delacroix 's body down the tunnel . int . E block - night Paul return to find Wild Bill make up a song in he cell : billy ( sing ) barbecue ! I and you ! stinky , pinky , phew - phew -phew ! be not billy or jilly or hilly or Roy -- it be a french - fry faggot name delacroix ! paul you be about ten second away from spend the rest of you life in the padded room . billy fall silent . Paul continue down the mile to coffey 's cell . coffey 's on he bunk , face streak with tear . he wipe he eye with the heel of he hand like a exhaust child . coffey poor del. poor old del. paul yes. poor old del. John , be you okay ? coffey I could feel it from here . paul what do you mean ? you could hear it ? be that what you mean ? coffey he 's out of it now , though . he 's the lucky one . no matter how it happen , Del 's the lucky one . Paul realize he will not get a coherent answer . paul where 's Mr. jingle ? coffey ( point vaguely ) ran down there . do not think he will be back . ( beat ) awful tired now , boss . Dog tired . coffey lay down , turn to face the wall . paul I too , John . I too . CUT to : int . paul be house - night Paul enter in darkness , hang he hat . he drift into the kitchen , click on the radio . soft music begins : gene Austin sing " do you ever see a dream walk ? " he pour a drink at the kitchen table , take a sip , lay the glass down . Jan sleepily appear from the darkness behind he , enter the kitchen . he realize she 's there , glance back . she can sense the weight on he soul . she come to he , fold he head into she arm . they stand that way , he draw strength and she give it , as the music play on ... dissolve to : sequence with music : int . church - morning camera track the pews to find Paul and Jan seat together in the congregation , voice raise in hymn ... ext . country road - morning Paul 's model T come sputtering up the road . he and Jan be take a drive , still in they Sunday best ... ext . hal be house - morning Paul and Jan wait at the front door . Jan hold a baking dish . paul I hate this . jan I know . the door open . hal , look tired , usher they inside ... ext . backyard - morning ... and they walk outside to find melinda moore sit in the sun , frail and waste , a blanket on she knee . she would be beautiful if not for the cancer kill she . Paul be shocked at she appearance , hide it as best as he can . Jan cover this for he -- she drop to melinda 's side with a warm smile and a kiss , take the woman 's frail hand in hers . Paul catch Jan 's eye . the look he give she say it all -- I do not know what I would do without you ... dissolve : ... and we find Paul and hal talk quietly over beer while the woman visit b.g. : hal she 's have one of she good day . I thank God for that . paul what a bad day ? hal ( beat ) sometimes she 's ... not herself anymore . she swear . paul swear . hal it just pop out , the most awful language you can imagine . she do not even know she 's do it . I do not know she would ever hear word like that ... and to hear she say they in she sweet voice ... ( gaze off ) I be glad she 's have a good day , Paul . I be glad for you and Jan . dissolve to : int . paul be bedroom - night Paul be wide awake , stare at the dark . Jan can sense he brood . she roll over sleepily . jan honey ? if you do not say what 's on you mind , I be afraid I will have to smother you with a pillow . paul I be think I love you . I be think I do not know what I would do if you be go . jan oh. paul ( beat ) I be also think I would like to have the boy over tomorrow . off Jan 's look , we CUT to : int . dine room - day brutal , Harry , and Dean be seat at the table with Paul and Jan . serve plate be be pass , everybody digging in : the men ( various , ad-lib ) ma'am , you sure know how to fry up some fine chicken ... brutal , do not hog the tater now ... try that corn yet ? it 's something special ... Paul softly interject : paul you see what he do with the mouse . this stop everybody cold . Dean put he chicken down , wipe he hand . look be trade in the silence . brutal I could 'a go the rest of the day without you bring that up . dean I could 'a go the rest of the year . paul he do it to I too . he put he hand on I and take my bladder infection away . the man absorb this . brutal glance to Jan . jan when he come home , he be ... all better . dean you be talk about a authentic heal . a praise - Jesus miracle . paul I be . brutal if you say it , I accept it . but what 's it get to do with we ? Jan look to Paul , realization start to dawn : jan melinda ? oh , Paul ... brutal melinda ? melinda moore ? Paul nod -- that 's who we be talk about . jan you really think you can help she ? paul it 's not a bladder infection , or even a bust - up mouse . but there might be a chance . harry hold on now . you be talk about we job . sneak a sick woman onto a cellblock ? paul hal would never allow that . you know he , he would not believe something unless it fall on he . brutal so you be talk about take John coffey to she . that 's more than just we job , Paul . dean damn right . that 's prison time if we get catch . harry let 's not discuss this like it 's even a option . brutal , help I out here ... brutal let out a deep breath , consider . he look to Paul . brutal I be sure she 's a fine woman ... jan the finest . paul what 's happen to she be a offense , brutal . to the eye and the ear and the heart . brutal I have no doubt . but we do not know she like you and Jan do ... do we ? paul that 's why it 's a lot to ask . harry it be . let 's not forget coffey 's a murderer . what if he escape ? I would hate lose my job or go to prison , but I would hate have a dead child on my conscience even more . paul I do not think that will happen ... ( beat , softly ) ... in fact , I do not think he do it at all . the man be stunne by this . off they look : paul I just can not see God put a gift like that in the hand of a man who would kill a child . dean well , that 's a tender notion , but the man 's on death row for the crime . plus , he 's huge . if he try to get away , it would take a lot of bullet to stop he . brutal we would all have shotgun in addition to sidearm . I would insist on that . ( to Paul ) he try anything , we would have to take he down . you understand . paul I understand . brutal ( beat ) so. tell we what you have in mind . fade to black in blackness , a title card appear : " night journey " CUT to : int . infirmary build / dispensary - night a flashlight beam play across a glass cabinet , scan the content . the beam pause . a hand enter frame , unlock the cabinet , pull out a bottle of morphine tablet ... ... and we angle to brutal as he shake half a dozen pill onto he palm , pocket they , replace the bottle on the shelf . he turn and slip five buck to a nightshift orderly . brutal I be never here . orderly shit , for five buck , you be never nowhere . int . E block access tunnel - night a morphine pill be be crush to powder on the stainless steel gurney . tilt up to Paul crush the pill . brutal carefully scrape the powder onto a small sheet of paper ... int . paul' inner office - night percy be park in Paul 's chair with he foot up , read a book title : " caring for mental patient . " int . E block - night Harry and Dean be play card at the duty desk , tension thick , card slapping softly as the second tick by . Paul and brutal finally show up tote bottle of rc cola : brutal fellas thirsty ? Fresh out of the icebox . dean oh , thanks . that 's swell . harry yeah , hot in here . they begin pop the cap off , swigging cola . the sound of it bring billy to he bar . billy hey . hey , I be 'a get some too . brutal my ass you get some too . paul you think you deserve any ? harry ( check a clipboard ) Day report say he 's be okay . billy Hell , yes , I be behave . c'mon , now , do not be stingy hog . Paul shrug to brutal - - why not ? brutal pop the top off a bottle , pass it to Paul . Paul grab a tin cup , set it on the desk ... and we see it contain the morphine powder . he pour the cola , swirl it around ... angle through coffey' bar ... as coffey look up , sense something happen . he peer up the mile as Paul walk to : billy cell billy reach for the cup , but Paul keep it out of reach . paul you gonna stay behave ? billy c'mon , you clunk , gimme that . paul you promise I , or I will drink it myself right here in front of you . billy c'mon now , do not be that way . I be good . Paul let he take the cup . billy knock it back , drain it in three huge swallow . he let out a awesome belch . paul Cup . billy we will break out the fire hose and take it anyway . and you will have drunk you last r.c. cola . unless they serve them down in hell . billy 's smile fade . he hand the cup through the bar . Paul take it , turn and head back to -- the duty desk -- where brutal , Harry , and Dean have be watch the entire exchange with they heart in they throat ... dissolve : ... and we find billy stare glassy - eye at the ceiling . he keel over on he bunk . angle to Paul and brutal step to the bar with Harry and Dean . paul anybody want to back out , now 's the time . after this , there 's no turn back . ( off they look ) so ? we gonna do this ? a voice come softly from down the way : coffey sure . I would like to take a ride . they head come slowly around , stare at coffey in shock . brutal ( to Paul ) guess be all in . int . paul be office - night percy look up from he book as the door open . Paul enter with brutal and Harry , ominously hemming the desk . percy what be this ? Paul pull the canvas straitjacket from behind he back . paul payback . percy jump up and try to the execution chamber , but Harry grab he , spin he back . a wild scuffle ensue as : percy let go of I ! let go ! paul settle down , percy ! percy try to jerk away , crash into the desk . the book he be read fall to the floor -- -- and a " Tijuana Bible " be reveal within the page . it 's a pornographic cartoon book of the type popular in the ' 30' , feature crude drawing of famous cartoon character or movie star engage in outlandish sexual act . this one have olive oyl get it doggy - style from popeye . the word balloon over he head feature he famous laugh : " uk -uk - uk - uk ! " brutal oooo , poicy ! what would you mother say ? percy let go , you ignoramus ! I know people ! Big people ! paul so you have say . c'mon , stick out you arm like a good boy . percy I will not . and you can not make I . brutal you be dead wrong about that , you know . brutal grab percy by the ear , twist hard . percy let out a shriek -- not just of pain , but a dismay understanding that he 's not go to bluster he way out of this one . brutal you gonna put you arm up ? I will rip you ear off . use them for tea caddy . you know I will . paul the man 's rip you ear off , percy . I would do as he say . percy jerk he arm up before he . they get the straitjacket on he within second . percy turn to Paul on the verge of tear . softly : percy please , Paul . do not put I in with Wild Bill . please . paul you would think that . Paul give he a hard , angry shove ... int . E block - night ... and they bring he down the mile to the restraint room door . brutal take percy 's holster and baton . brutal you will get them back , do not worry . percy that 's more than I can say about you job . all you job ! you can not do this to I ! you can not ! Paul step forward with a roll of strapping tape . paul let you in on a little secret . we can and we be . he slap the tape over percy 's mouth and shove he back into the restraint room . percy stand breathe heavily through he nose , make muffle mmmmph- mmmph ! sound under the tape . paul you be go to have a few hour of quiet time now , so you can reflect on what you do to Del . brutal ( grin ) if you get lonely , think about olive oyl ... ( thrust he hip ) ...uk-uk-uk-uk ! and they slam the door , shutting percy into darkness . a wall -mounted gun safe be unlock , shotgun pull out . the man load up , head down the mile as : paul one more time -- what do you say if somebody come by ? dean coffey get upset , so we put he in the restraint room . they hear any noise , they will think it 's he . they come to coffey 's cell . coffey we goan for the ride now ? paul that 's right . the cell be unlock . coffey emerge . Paul motion they along , still grill Dean : paul what about we ? dean you be over in admin , go over Del 's file . brutal and Harry be in the laundry do they wash -- a skinny white arm suddenly shoot out from Wild Bill 's cell and grab coffey by the wrist . the man gasp , shocked to see billy on he foot , grin and weaving like a punch -drunk . coffey 's reaction be beyond simple surprise ; he 's actually tremble at billy 's touch as if some electrical circuit be engage . his eye be wide and horrify , as if he would just put he hand in a basket full of snake . he try to pull away , but billy have he tight , that mysterious circuit blaze . billy ( slurring wildly ) where you fink you be goin ' ? coffey respond softly , with utmost horror : coffey you be a bad man . billy s'right , nigger . bad as you would want . Paul pluck billy 's hand off coffey 's arm -- and coffey flinch back as the circuit be break . billy whooeee . Whole room 's spin . like I be shit - ass drunk . I have I some shine or what ? he turn and stagger back to he bunk , mutter all the way : billy niggers oughtta have they own ' lectric chair . White man ought not havta sit in no nigger ' lectric chair , nossir ... he go face - first onto he bunk . coffey be still stare . coffey he 's a bad man . int . execution chamber - night coffey be bring in ... and freeze in horror at the sight of Old sparky . a whisper : coffey they be still in there . piece of they , still in there . I hear they scream . all eye go to the electric chair . it sit shroud in shadow like a ominous throne . never before have this place feel so haunt to the man . it make the hair on the neck stand up . paul John , come along ! right now , y'hear ? c'mon ! toward that door ! coffey finally respond , pull away ... int . E block access tunnel - night ... and they come down the step . they realize coffey will have to stoop all the way down the tunnel . Paul pat the gurney . paul lie down on this . ( off coffey 's look ) it will be easier for you and no harder for we . coffey ease carefully onto the gurney , lie on he back . his knee hang over the edge and he toe touch the ground , but it work . they push he along , traversing the pool of light . coffey actually start to smile . he reach out he arm , fingertip touch the tunnel wall as they go by . coffey say . this be fun . ext . prison wall - night a massive iron door squeal open onto a little - use fence enclosure . Paul and the other bring coffey up from the tunnel below , emerge into the night . coffey 's breath catch as he gaze wondrously up at the star , point : coffey look , boss ! it 's cassie , the lady in the rock chair ! paul shhh . John , you have to be quiet now . coffey ( whisper ) you see she ? you see the lady ? brutal we see she , John . Harry go first , hugging the shadow as he pull he key to unlock the gate ... wide shot of prison ... while tower guard huddle in they enclosure atop the wall . a occasional spotlight cut the darkness . fireflies dance in the field and tree as far as the eye can see . four dark figure detach from the shadow , hurry across the lonely country road into the field on the far side ... ext . wood - night coffey 's hand scoops up some fall leave . tilt up to he face as he crunch they under he nose , inhale they smell . he see the guard throw he anxious look . he misread this , hold out he hand so they can smell too . they do it , just to make he happy . paul c'mon , big boy , keep move . a few fireflies come winking through frame as the group press on ... another area / wood the tree be grow sparser , open onto field . more fireflies be flitting into view , trail in they wake ... brutal how far be it ? harry just up ahead ... Harry bring they to a thicket of tree . they start remove branch and bough , uncover a batter old farmall truck hide in the brush . the man pause . even more firefly be swirl around they , grow in number . it 's get downright weird . coffey laugh softly , draw they attention . a childlike smile have utterly transformed he face . he raise he hand , let a firefly weave playfully in and out of he finger . coffey hey there , little firefly . where 's Mrs. firefly this evening ? another firefly join the first , both now dance and blink around he finger . coffey laugh again . coffey oh , there you be . you come out to play too ? the man stand gape . the firefly be flitting to coffey as if to a beacon . he wave he hand slowly , firefly blink and trail from he fingertip like magic dust . they begin orbit he shiny bald head like tiny glow planet orbit a sun , they light kick a mellow sheen off he ebony skin . coffey 's eye meet Paul 's . paul they seem ... draw to you . coffey I love them , be why . they do not think no hurtful thought . they 's just happy to be . happy little lightning bug ... the man do not know whether to be enchant or terrify . Harry give Paul a look -- can we go ? please ? paul c'mon , big boy . upsy-daisy . coffey clamber up on the stakebe . Paul and brutal join he . Harry get in behind the wheel , jab the starter button ... on the stakebed ... while coffey sit with he back to the cab . paul John ? do you know where we be take you ? coffey help a lady ? paul that 's right . help a lady . but how do you know ? coffey dunno . tell the truth , boss , I do not know much 'a anything . never have . the truck pull out . coffey wave as the firefly get leave behind , dwindling away like star . coffey bye , firefly . bye . wide angle of countryside the truck rumble from the field onto a dirt road , countless firefly swirl in its wake ... dissolve to : ext . moore house - night headlights come over the rise . the truck appear , rumbling down toward the house . the world be isolate and still . in the truck cab Harry stop and cut the engine , leave the headlight on . silence now , save for the trill of cricket . in the stakebed Paul and brutal both look terrify now that they be actually here . a urgent whisper : brutal we can still turn back . Paul hesitates , want to do just that , but : coffey boss , look . someone 's up . light be come on inside the house . coffey rise and step down from the truck , pull Paul along . brutal follow they . brutal this be a mistake . Christ , Paul , what be we think ? paul too late now . Harry , keep John here until we call you . Paul and brutal walk to the front door as the light inside the house keep click on . the last one finally come on over the stoop , the front door open a crack ... and the twin barrel of a shotgun poke out into the night . hal who the hell go there at two - thirty in the goddamn morning ? paul hal , it 's we ! it 's Paul and brutal - - it 's we ! the door swing wider , revealing hal 's face gaunt and haggard in the yellow porch light , stunne to see they : hal Paul , what be you do here at this hour ? Jesus , it 's not a lockdown , be it ? or a riot ? paul hal , God 's sake , take you finger off the trigger ... hal do not , aim past they at the truck in the yard . hal be you hostage ? who 's out there ? who 's by that truck ? coffey step into the glare of headlight with Harry tug on he arm , try to hold he back . hal cock both hammer . hal John coffey ! halt ! halt right there or I shoot ! his aim waver as a woman 's voice come from upstairs : melinda ( o.s. ) hal ? who be you talk to , you fuck cocksucker ? a freeze moment . hal mortify . Paul give he a look -- be that melinda ? hal 's shotgun shift back to coffey -- but Paul step in front of the muzzle . paul no one 's hurt . we be here to help . hal help what ? I do not understand . be this a prison break ? paul I can not explain what it be . you just have to trust I . coffey come up the step , brushes Paul aside , stop before the warden . hal blink , he thought suddenly fuzzy -- it 's that benign hypnotic effect coffey have . hal what do you ... want ? melinda hal ! make they go away ! no salesmen in the middle of the night ! no fuller brushes ! no french knicker with come in the crotch ! tell they to take a fly fuck in a roll d...d ... we hear the sound of glass breaking , then she begin to sob . coffey ( a whisper ) just to help . just to help , boss , that 's all . hal you can not . no one can . coffey pull the shotgun gently from hal 's grasp , hand it to Paul . coffey move past hal into the house ... int . house - night ... and come up the hallway toward the stair . hal do not you go up there ! do not you do it ! coffey boss , you just be quiet now and let I be . coffey mount the stair with the other at he heel , head up toward that quavering voice : melinda ( o.s. ) stay out of here ! whoever you be , just stay out ! I be not dress for visitor , you rat 's asshole ! int . bedroom - night coffey enter , trail by the other . Paul pause , horrify . the woman propped in bed barely resemble melinda moore anymore -- she look make up like a Halloween witch , she livid skin hang in a loose trail of wrinkle , one corner of she mouth twisted . yellowish bile stain she chin and the front of she nightgown . her hair have go white and straw -like , she eye glower at coffey with lively , irrational interest : melinda oh , so big ! pull down you pants ! let 's have a look ! hal groan with despair . coffey just stand there for a moment , watch she from a distance , then approach the bed ... melinda do not come near I , pigfucker . ... but as he draw closer , a change occur . her feature soften , she eye become more sane and aware . melinda why do you have so many scar ? who hurt you so badly ? coffey do not hardly remember , mar 'am . coffey sit on the edge of the bed . the light seem to flare hotter and brighter . tear be form in melinda 's eye . melinda what 's you name ? coffey John coffey , mar 'am . like the drink , only not spelt the same . she lay back , stare at he with shine fascination . the world seem to be slow down , grow very still indeed ... ... and he start bend slowly toward she . coffey ma'am ? melinda yes , John coffey ? coffey I see it . I see it . he come closer ... closer still ... coffey you be still now . you be so quiet and so still . he brushes she forehead with he lip ... the gentlest whisper of a kiss ... then move he mouth down to hers . for a moment we can see one of she eye stare past he , fill with a expression of surprise ... ... and then she face be lose to view as coffey put he lip on hers . we hear a soft whistling sound as he begin inhale the air deeply from she lung . something hot and glow start pass between they , draw on he breath ... the man watch . the house seem to shudder in that moment , as if the entire world have shift a inch to the right ... downstair parlor ... and the grandfather clock stop tick , the pendulum stop dead , the glass face crack neatly up the center ... bedroom ... and a windowpane crack . then another . a picture fall off the wall . a lightbulb burst , shower glass . Paul smell smoke , realize the fringe coverlet of the bed have catch fire . move like a man in a dream , he reach for the waterglass on the nightstand , douse the flame . coffey keep kissing melinda in that deep and mysterious way , inhale and inhale , she hand hold in he like a tiny white bird . for a moment we actually hear something scream , as if some willful imp be be extract by force ... ... and then it 's over . coffey raise he head , revealing : melinda 's beautiful face . her mouth no longer droops . Color be come back to she hair . her skin be shine with life . coffey regards she raptly for a moment or two , then start cough violently . he turn away and drop to he knee , hack like a man in the last stage of tuberculosis . Paul and he man be expect coffey to spit out the " bug " , but he do not -- he just keep cough , deep and hard , barely find time to snatch in the next breath of air . hal go to he wife , beyond stunne , sit at she side . she look back at he with amazement , she face like a dirty mirror that 's be suddenly wipe clean . John 's cough grow even worse . brutal drop to he side and slap he broad , spasming back . brutal John ! sick it up ! cough them out like you do before ! coffey just keep retching , eye water from the strain , spit fly from he mouth . brutal he 's choke ! whatever he suck out of she , he 's choke on it ! Paul start toward they . coffey crawl away , press himself into a corner with he face against the wallpaper . he 's still make gruesome deep hack sound , but get it under control . he weakly wave Paul off -- let I be . Paul look to the bed . hal sit with melinda , stroking she brow . Color be bloom in she cheek even as we watch . melinda how do I get here ? we be go to the hospital in indianola , be not we ? we stop and you buy I a packet of posy ... hal shhh . it do not matter . it do not matter anymore . melinda do I have the x-ray ? do I paul yes . they both look at he . paul it be clear . there be no tumor . hal burst into tear . melinda sit up , comforting he . her eye be draw to the corner . melinda who be that man ? coffey be struggle to rise . brutal do he best to help . paul John ? can you turn around ? can you turn around and see this lady ? coffey turn . his face be ashen gray , seriously ill . melinda what 's you name ? coffey John coffey , mar 'am . melinda like the drink , only not spell the same . coffey no , mar 'am . not spelt the same at all . she push the cover aside to rise . hal try to stop she ... hal melly , no ... ... but she push he hand gently aside . hal watch in wonder as she stand , take a first tentative step ... and walk to coffey . she gaze up and touch he face . melinda I dream of you . I dream you be wander in the dark , and so be I . we find each other . we find each other in the dark . she undoe she necklace , hold it up for he . he hesitates , glance to Paul . Paul nod -- it 's all right . coffey lower he head . melinda affix the delicate chain around he neck . melinda it 's St. Christopher . I want you to have it , Mr. coffey , and wear it . he will keep you safe . please wear it for I . coffey thank you , mar 'am . melinda thank you , John . her arm go around he neck , hugging he tightly as if she might never let go . ext . moore house - night Paul and the man hustle coffey out the front door toward the truck , help he as best they can . he 's weak as a baby , knee threaten to give out at any moment . paul c'mon , John , stay on you foot . harry Christ , he go down , we will need three mule and a crane to pick he up again ... they get coffey to the truck and throw they back into it , help he crawl up onto the stakebe . he roll over on he back . Harry hop up , cover he with a old blanket . brutal pull aside , speak low : brutal he will never sit in Old sparky . you know that , do not you ? ( off Paul 's look ) he swallow that stuff for a reason . I give he a few day . one of we will be do a cell check and there he will be . Dead on he bunk . paul if that 's he choice , he 's earn it . ( beat ) let 's get he back on the mile . fade to black in blackness , a title card appear : " coffey on the mile " CUT to : int . E block - night Dean start babbling with relief as they return : dean be I glad to see you ! you be go so long ! Wild Bill 's make noise like he 's gonna wake up ... ( notice coffey ) what the hell 's wrong with he ? brutal he 's hurt , Dean . hurting bad . Dean jump in , help they steer coffey into he cell . paul John , we be gonna set you on you bunk now . ready ? coffey nod , sit heavily on the bunk . he lower he head , breath rasp like a rusted hinge . the guard step out . dean what about Mrs. moore ? be it like the mouse ? be it a... you know ... a miracle ? paul yes . yes it be . Paul scan they face . smile be trade . a exultant beat . harry damn . I think we get away with it . brutal we still gotta convince a certain somebody to keep he trap shut . paul get he stuff . Dean hurry off to retrieve percy 's holster and baton . brutal unlock the restraint room door , swing it open . percy be reveal sit against the wall , glaring , he mouth still tape . Paul crouch down . brutal join he . paul I want to talk , not shout . I take the tape off , you gonna be calm . percy nod . Paul take hold of the tape , prepare to yank . brutal my mother always say if you do it fast , it will not hurt so much . Paul rip the tape off . percy 's eye water with pain . brutal I guess she be wrong . percy get I out of this nut -coat . paul in a minute . percy now ! now ! right n-- Paul slap he hard , knock he sideways . percy look up , blink in surprise . Paul grab he , yank he back up . paul you shut up and listen . you deserve to be punish for what you do to Del . you will accept it like a man , or we will make you sorry you be ever bear . we will tell people how you sabotage Del 's execution -- percy sabotage ! paul -- and how you piss yourself like a frighten little girl . yes , we will talk , that 's a give - - but , percy , mind I now ... we will also see you beat within a inch of you life . percy blink , unable to grasp that . paul we know people , too , be you so foolish you do not realize that ? people with friend and love one do time in this prison . people who would be happy to amputate you nose or you penis just so someone they care about could get a extra three hour in the exercise yard every week . ( off percy 's look ) let bygone be bygone . nothing 's hurt so far but you pride ... and nobody need ever know about that except the people in this room . brutal what happen on the mile , stay on the mile . always have . a long pause . softly : percy May I be let out of this coat now ? they pull he to he foot , undo the strap . he shrug out of the straitjacket and adjust he clothes , try to maintain a shred of dignity . percy my thing ? Dean hand they over . percy smooth he hair and put he hat on , start strapping on he holster belt . paul think it over , percy . percy oh , I intend to . I intend to think about it very hard . start right now . percy exit the restraint room . brutal whisper to Paul : brutal he will talk . sooner or later . Paul nod with weary resignation -- yeah , I know . on the mile percy pause near coffey 's cell , careless as always , get he holster buckle -- and a massive black arm grab he through the bar . his scream bring Paul and the other from the restraint room . coffey 's face be press so tight between he bar it look like he 's try to push he head through . he draw he lip back , bare he tooth in a awful sneer ... percy whacks he with he baton . coffey barely seem to feel it . he curl he free hand around the back of percy 's head , pull he ever closer ... ... and percy 's scream be muffle as they mouth come together . coffey begin exhaling as if he would hold he breath for hour . percy jerk like a fish on a hook , but can not get away . the man jump in , try to pry percy loose , holler for coffey to let he go . the black " insect " be flow from coffey to percy , swirl into he mouth , up he nose , down he throat . several lightbulb explode in they steel cage up and down the mile . percy 's baton drop from he nerveless finger and clatter to the floor , never to be pick up again . and then coffey step back , rub he mouth as if he 's taste something bad . the color have return to he skin . percy , however , be ashen gray . his expression be blank as a sheet of paper , not a trace of awareness in he eye . the man be stunne . Paul raise he hand to percy 's face , snap he finger . nothing . he try again , clap loudly . percy react slightly , eye flutter , sway a bit . paul easy , easy . you all right ? percy say nothing . he turn and walk slowly up the mile , he movement vacant and disjoint . he come to a sway stop at Wild Bill 's cell ... and turn slowly to look in . Wild Bill be come painfully around , groggily clutching he head . he look up , see percy . billy what 'a you look at , you limp noodle ? you wanna kiss my ass or suck my dick ? nothing for the longest moment . percy just stare ... ... and then he pull he gun and empty it into Wild Bill as fast as he can pull the trigger . bam ! bam ! bam ! bam !bam ! bam ! Bill take all six round in the chest , reeling back across the cell . he hit the wall and slide down , leave a smear , he face register a final look of stunne surprise . Paul and the other tackle percy and bring he down , wrestle the gun out of he hand . Dean be almost weep : dean oh God , oh God , no ... percy be flat on he back , stare up at nothing . the black " bug " come drift out of nose and mouth , swirl in the air over he head . they turn white and disappear . the man be speechless . Paul turn , see coffey sit on the floor at he bar , watch . coffey punish they bad man . paul why Wild Bill ? why ? coffey I see in he heart . when he grab my arm , I see what Wild billy do . saw plain as day . can not hide what 's in you heart . paul what ? saw what ? coffey reach toward he , strain through the bar . coffey take my hand , boss . you see for yourself . brutal Paul , no ! Paul hesitates , tear between reason and coffey 's plead eye . a whisper : coffey my hand . Paul can not help it . he have to . they hand come together . Paul lurch wildly as that circuit start blaze between they ... paul no ...please ... coffey got to , boss . got to give you a little bit of myself . a gift , like . a gift of what 's in I so you can see ... ...and Paul see : the detterick twin . kathe and cora . laugh and play hopscotch in the dust under a later afternoon sun ... a dinner table . family have supper late in the day , basket of biscuit be pass . twelve year old howie detterick take it , pass it on ... a hand with a paint brush slopping bright red paint on the side of a barn ... kathe skip to the head of the hopscotch square , turn and start back , laugh in the sun ... the paint brush slopping more paint , drip like blood ... Paul jerk and twist , try to pull away , try to break the circuit , but he can not , not till all be see and do : marjorie detterick call from the porch for everybody to come eat , supper 's ready ... a hammer pause . klaus look down from atop the barn ... the detterick twin finish they hopscotch , gather they jump rope from the dust , run across the yard ... the basket of biscuit be pass to little cora , who take a biscuit and pass it on ... klaus come down the ladder , call to he daughter . the little girl run past the man with the paint brush , who turn and smile as they go by ... it 's Wild Bill . the basket of biscuit be pass one last time . a hand pull one out , raise it for a bite . it 's Wild Bill , smile at the little girl as conversation flow around the table ... Paul scream , try to pull away , but : the porch door be kick off its hinge just before dawn , a figure loom in the doorway . kathe wake , she scream cut short as the man 's fist punch she hard in the face ... Paul tremble violently as if riding the lightning himself , plead for it to stop , but there 's one last thing : Wild Bill loom over the terrify little girl like a horrendous boogeyman , whisper to kathe : billy you lover you sister ? you make any noise , know what happen ? I will kill she instead of you . ( to cora ) and if you make any noise , I will kill she . and he drag they out into the come dawn ... ... as coffey let Paul go . Paul be gasp , back in the real world where he man be stare at he with wide eye . coffey he kill them with they love . they love for each other . you see how it be ? Paul nod , numb . tear be flow down coffey 's face . softly : coffey that 's how it be ever ' day . that 's how it be all over the worl ' ... CUT to : wild bill lie dead , stare with glassy eye . a flashbulb pop , rim he with harsh blue light ... int . E block - dawn ...as hal arrive , wear he pajama top under he overcoat . he see the police photographer take picture . the guard be give statement to group of cop , everybody murmure : dean ... well , I dunno , he just snap , I guess ... harry ... s'right , one minute he 's fine , the next -- blammo ... brutal ... bastard grab he through the bar a few day back , scared the boy so bad he wet himself ... hal turn , see : percy sit handcuff on the floor of the mile , eye glassier than Wild Bill 's . two cop be try to snap he out of it : cop # 1 Son ! Son ! can you hear I ? cop # 2 speak up if you can hear we ! we gotta ask you some question ! a medic be raise percy 's eyelid with he thumb , shine a penlight , get no reaction . medic I think this boy 's cheese sly off he cracker . hal see Paul , motion he aside to talk privately : hal I will cover you as much as I can , even if it mean my job , but I have to know . do this have anything to do with what happen at my house ? do it , Paul ? Paul look hal in the eye . as with bitterbuck , the lie come easy : paul no . dissolve to : int . hospital room - day tracking a pair of feet shuffle into the room in hospital slipper , escort by two orderlies . the patient be bring to a window . the orderly turn to leave ... ... and we boom up to reveal percy , catatonic , stare out the same window where we meet Wild Bill ... ext . hospital - day ... and we widen slowly from percy at the window to reveal he last stop in life . it 's emblazon on the gate : briar ridge mental hospital . he finally get that transfer . CUT to : ext . paul be house - dusk tight on paul as softly : paul it make sense . I read the file . hal even say it himself . wharton ramble all over the state last few year , cause trouble . Hell , longer than that . be at it since he be ten . vandalism . petty theft . setting fire . angle shift to include Jan , brutal , Harry and Dean . they be in the brambly patch that border the wood behind the house . the sun be set , turn the horizon fiery . jan you see he . you actually see this Wild Bill person take that girl . paul they father hire he on for a few day last spring , help repair the barn . cheap labor , just another drifter ... brutal only not . paul sick bastard come back a month later , just before dawn . take the girl ... do what he do . coffey find they afterwards and try to help . it be too late . jan ( absorb this ) then you can stop it . the execution , I mean . get coffey a new trial . paul base on what , honey ? some kind of magical vision I have ? jan show this farmer -- what 's he name , detterick ? -- show he a picture of Wild Bill . ( off they look ) why not ? if wharton be there ... if the farmer can identify he picture and they know he be there ... brutal him be there in May do not mean he come back and kill that girl in June . even if he be commit other crime . paul they get they killer as far as they be concerned . Hell , coffey 's own lawyer would come throw the switch if we let he . jan then lie . paul lie ? about what ? jan tell they wharton confess to the crime . brutus , you can back he up , say you hear it too . you can say that 's what set percy off . he shot wharton because he could not stand think of what happen to that two little girl , it snap he mind ... ( see they look ) ... what ? what now ? dean we never report anything like that . we would have , too , everybody know it . it 's part of we job . brutal besides , confess do not make it so . slug like Wild Bill lie about everything . crime they commit , woman they have , even the weather . jan but he be there ! he paint they barn ! he eat dinner with they ! paul all the more reason he might take credit for the crime . he 's gonna fry anyway , so why not boast ? Jan stand think for a moment , then : jan all right . then you have get to get John coffey out on you own . harry ma'am ? jan you do it once , do not you ? only this time , do not bring he back . Dean blink , stunne by this notion . gently : dean ma'am , you son 's grow up and move away . my kid be just start kindergarten . will you be the one to explain to they why they daddy 's in prison ? jan work out a plan . make it look like a real escape . harry better be a plan a imbecile could dream up . nobody would believe it otherwise . brutal even if we do think of something , it would not do any good . jan why not ? just why the hell not ? paul because he 's a six - foot-eight - inch baldhead black man with barely enough brain to feed himself . how long you think it would be before he be recapture ? two hour ? six ? Jan swipe a tear away with the heel of she hand . softly : jan do you mean to kill he , you coward ? do you ? Paul try to take she hand . she wrench away , furious . jan do not touch I ! next week this time you will be a murderer , no better than that man wharton , so do not touch I ! she run off toward the house , start to sob as we dissolve to : int paul' kitchen - night Paul be at the kitchen table in the wee hour , at he regular place , sip he beer . Irving Berlin 's " remember " plays softly on the radio . Jan come down , look miserable and exhaust . jan I be so sorry I call you a coward . I feel worse about that than anything I have ever say to you in we whole marriage . paul even that time we go camp and you call I Old stinky Sam ? she can not help smile at that . he return the smile , offer she a sip of beer . she take it , sit . jan do hal know ? that coffey 's innocent , I mean ? ( Paul shake he head ) can he help ? do he have the influence to do something about this ? paul no . jan then do not tell he . if he can not help , do not tell he . ever . paul I will not . jan ( beat ) there 's no way out of this for you , be there ? paul no . I have be think about it , too , believe I . ( beat ) tell you the truth , honey . I have do some thing in my life I be not proud of , but this be the first time I have ever feel in real danger of hell . jan Hell ? oh Paul ... ( touch he face ) talk to he . talk to John . find out what he want . CUT to : int . E block - night coffey sit quietly in he cell , a solitary firefly flitting in circle around he finger . Paul and the man appear . the firefly flit away , vanish through coffey 's tiny window . coffey hello , boss . paul hello , John . brutal unlock he cell . Paul enter . paul I guess you know we be come down to it now . another couple of day . ( beat ) be there anything special you would like for dinner that night ? we can rustle you up most anything . coffey give it some careful think . coffey meatloaf be nice . mashed tater with gravy . okra , maybe . I 's not picky . paul what about a preacher ? someone you could say a little prayer with ? coffey do not want no preacher . you can say a prayer , if you want . I could get kneebound with you , I guess . paul I ? coffey give he a look -- please . paul s'pose I could , if it come to that . Paul sit , work himself up to it : paul John , I have to ask you something very important right now . coffey I know what you gonna say . you don ' have to say it . paul I do . I do have to . ( beat ) John , tell I what you want I to do . you want I to take you out of here ? just let you run away ? see how far you can get ? coffey why would you do such a foolish thing ? Paul hesitates , emotion swirl , try to find the right word . paul on the day of my judgement , when I stand before God , and he ask I why do I kill one of he true miracle , what be I gonna say ? that be be my job ? my job ? coffey you tell God the Father it be a kindness you do . ( take he hand ) I know you hurtin ' and worryin ' , I can feel it on you , but you oughtta quit on it now . because I want it over and do . I do . coffey hesitates -- now he 's the one try to find the right word , try to make Paul understand : coffey I be tired , boss . tire of bein ' on the road , lonely as a sparrow in the rain . tire of not ever have I a buddy to be with , or tell I where we 's come from or go to , or why . mostly I be tired of people be ugly to each other . I be tired of all the pain I feel and hear in the world ever ' day . there 's too much of it . it 's like piece of glass in my head all the time . can you understand ? by now , Paul be blink back tear . softly : paul yes , John . I think I can . brutal there must be something we can do for you , John . there must be something you want . coffey think about this long and hard , finally look up . coffey I be not never see I a flicker show . CUT to : tight on coffey' face gaze with wide - eye , open-mouthed wonder , the light of a motion picture projector flicker on he skin ... int prison auditorium - night ... while Fred astaire and Ginger Rogers dance up there on the big screen , image flow in magical black and silver tone . fred astaire ( sing ) Heaven , I be in heaven ... and my heart beat so that I can hardly speak ... Paul and the man be scattered about in the otherwise empty auditorium , also watch . projection booth toot operate the projector , peer through the tiny window into the theater . he yawn , glance at he watch . late . in the auditorium Fred and Ginger be now in the most passionate and graceful part of the dance . Irving Berlin 's music swell . coffey can not believe what he 's see . he 's so excited he breath be catch in he throat . softly : coffey why , they 's angel . angel . just like up in heaven ... dissolve to : int . E block - night four payr of feet come march up the Green mile . angle on coffey Paul appear at the bar with brutal , Harry , and Dean . nothing be say . coffey know why they be here . he rise as brutal unlock the cell , slide the door open . coffey step out , look around at they daze and sad face . coffey I be all right , fella . this here 's the hard part . I be all right in a little while . Paul indicate St. Christopher medal around John 's neck : paul John , I should have that just for now . I will give it back after . John let he take the necklace . Paul pocket it . they start to walk the mile as : coffey you know , I fall asleep this afternoon and have I a dream . I dream about Del 's mouse . paul do you , John ? coffey I dream he get down to that place boss howell talk about , that mouseville place . I dream there be kid , and how they laugh at he trick ! my ! he laugh at the memory of it , then grow more serious : coffey I dream that two little blonde - head girl be there . they 'us laugh , too . I put my arm around them and sit them on my knee , and there 'us no blood comin ' outta they hair and they 'us fine . we all watch Mr. jingle roll that spool , and how we do laugh . fit to bus ' , we be . behind they , Dean stifles a sob . paul' inner office coffey kneel . Paul join he , self - conscious and uncertain . paul what should we pray for , John ? coffey strength ? Paul nod -- strength it be . Dean surprise brutal and Harry by also kneel . brutal and Harry hesitate ... then join they . paul God , please help we finish what we have start , and please welcome this man , John coffey - - like the drink , but not spell the same -- into heaven and give he peace . please help we to see he off the best we can and let nothing go wrong . amen . Paul start to rise , but coffey take he hand . coffey I know a prayer I once hear . can I say it ? paul you go right ahead , John . take all the time you need . coffey close he eye , frown in deep concentration . coffey baby Jesus , meek and mild , pray for I ... and Paul see : kathe and cora detterick kneel together in the enclose porch that night , just before they bedtime : kathe and cora ... and every child . be my strength , be my friend ... and then the vision be go as : coffey ... be with I until the end . amen . coffey rise , offer Paul he hand , help he up . execution chamber full house tonight . Bill dodge be wait at Old sparky . silence as coffey be lead in , all eye on he . klaus and marjorie detterick be in the front row . she mutter : marjorie die slow , you bastard . coffey be falter as Paul and brutal bring he to the chair . coffey they 's a lot of folk here hate I . a lot . I can feel it . like bee sting I . it hurt . brutal feel how we feel , then . we do not hate you -- can you feel that ? coffey try to take comfort in it , but flinch as : marjorie kill he twice , you boy ! you go on and kill that raping baby - killer twice , that would be fine ! she dissolves into tear . klaus pull she against he shoulder , look daze by the whole thing . Paul and brutal turn John around , sit he down . Paul notice Dean cry again , he back to the witness . they kneel to apply the leg clamp , while brutal and Harry secure the arm . paul wipe you face before you stand up , Dean . Dean nod , wiping he face with the sleeve of he coat . they rise , step back . this time , Paul 's out front : paul Roll on one . Van Hay crank the generator . the light flare hotter and brighter . it 's just like in melinda 's bedroom the night coffey cure she with a kiss . airless and bright , dreamlike . marjorie do it hurt yet ? I hope it do ! I hope it hurt like hell ! paul John coffey ... you have be condemn to die in the electric chair by a jury of you peer ... sentence impose by a judge in good stand in this state . do you have anything to say before sentence be carry out ? John hesitates , nod . coffey I be sorry for what I be . marjorie you ought to be ! oh , you monster , you damn well ought to be ! brutal take the mask from the hook to draw it over coffey 's head . coffey look to Paul with terrify , plead eye . coffey please , boss , do not put that thing over my face . do not put I in the dark , I 's afraid of the dark . paul all right , John . brutal put the mask back , proceed with the sponge . in tight angle the cap be lower , the strap draw . coffey be breathe fast , terrify , mutter under he breath : coffey ...heaven ... I be in heaven ... heaven ... heaven ... heaven ... the witness sit and wait , barely breathe . jack van hay be poise at the switch , wonder why the order will not come . paul be stare at coffey , unable to say the word . brutal ( whisper ) Paul . you have to say it . you have to give the order . Paul can not . he reach out and touch coffey 's hand . they finger clasp . in that moment , stare into he eye , Paul hear the last think that ever go through coffey 's head : coffey ( whisper v.o. ) he kill them with they love . that 's how it be ever ' day . all over the worl ' ... they finger disengage . Paul step back , eye still lock with coffey 's , and say the hardest word he 's ever speak : paul Roll on two . Van Hay throw the switch . coffey surge forward , finger splay and jittering past Old sparky 's arm . light begin blow out all over the mile , raining shattered glass and spark . some of the witness scream . a thin line of blood come trickle out of klaus detterick 's nose . he reach up , absently wipe it away . coffey 's eye be lock on Paul 's , riding the lightning all the way . he finally slump . Van Hay kill the current . coffey 's expression be peaceful , as if sleep . a final pair of tear drift gently down he cheek . CUT to : int . access tunnel - night Paul ever so carefully replace the St. Christopher 's medal around coffey 's neck . they wheel he down the tunnel . CUT to : int . paul be model T - night Paul drive home , he heart numb . ext . paul be house - night Paul pull in , cut the engine . he sit for a moment , then get out and head for the house . the door open . Jan step out in she nightgown and robe to meet he on the stair . she take he in she arm . Paul can not hold it back anymore . he break down sobbing against she as we dissolve to : int . nursing home sunroom - present day it 's late in the day as : paul that be the last execution I ever take part in . just could not do it anymore after that . brutal either . we both transfer out , take job with boy ' correctional . ( beat , nod ) that be all right . catch them young , that become my motto . might even have do some good . angle shift to Elaine listen . uncertain . paul you do not believe I . elaine I do not imagine you would lie to I , Paul . it 's just that ... paul ... it 's quite a story . elaine yes . quite a story . ( pause ) one thing I do not understand . you say you and Jan have a grownup son in 1935 . be that right ? ( Paul nod ) but if that 's true ... paul the math do not work , do it ? she shake she head . Paul think for a moment , come to a decision . paul you feel up to a walk ? CUT to : ext . georgia pine - day the rain have mostly stop . Brad dolan , back in street clothes , get in he pickup truck and drive away ... int . nursing home - day ... while Paul and Elaine watch from a window . ext . georgia pine - day this time , we see two red speck trudging slowly up the ridge toward the treeline . CUT to : ext . wood - day Paul bring Elaine along the wood path into view of the storage shack . they be both wear ponchos . paul there . it 's in there . elaine Paul ? this thing you want to show I . be it scary ? paul scary ? no . not really . he give she a smile , offer he hand . she take it . int . shack - day we see Paul approach through the grimy window as before , this time bring Elaine . angle shift to the door as they arrive , creak open on rusty hinge to reveal they . they enter . Elaine look around at the musty nook and cranny , wonder what they be do here . Paul toucher arm , direct she attention : paul there . Elaine move closer , see it on the dusty floorboard : a old cigar box . for a moment , she do not know what to make of it . paul hey . wake up , old boy . wake up . Elaine 's breath catch in she throat ... ... as a pair of bright oilspot eye peer over the edge of the cigar box . it 's a mouse . his fur , once brown , be now all gray . elaine Paul ? it be not ... it can not be ... Paul get down on the floor , hold out he hand . paul come over here , boy . come on over she and see this lady . the mouse try several time to get over the side of the cigar box before he finally make it . he come to they , hobbling and crippled with arthritis . Paul pull a slice of toast from he pocket , break off a small piece for the mouse . elaine that can not be Mr. jingle . Paul say nothing , just pull a spool from he pocket . Mr. jingle might be old , but he 's as obsessed as ever . he get ready to fetch , eye rivete to the spool . softly : paul messieur et mesdame . beinvenue au cirque du mousie . Paul toss the spool . the mouse limp painfully after it . he reach it , go around ... and have to lay down to catch he breath . Elaine start forward , but Paul hold she back . after a moment , Mr. jingle find he foot again . he rise and start nose the spool back to Paul . elaine oh , Paul . do not make he do it again . I can not bear to watch . paul ( softly ) but he love it so much . he glance around at the shack with a sad smile . paul this be not exactly the mouseville we have in mind ... but we make do , do not we , old fella ? brad ( o.s. ) as I live and breathe ! they gasp and spin . Brad dolan stand in the doorway . brad fool you , do not I get yourself a little love nest here , I see ... he pause , see Mr. jingle . brad ... what the fuck ? be that a mouse ? paul do not hurt he , okay ? okay ? brad it 's a goddamn mouse , y'old fool , they carry all kind 'a disease ... Brad grab a old garden hoe -- the blade 's rusted , but still sharp enough to cut a mouse in two . brad ... now step aside . Paul rush in front of Brad , fist clench , yell : paul you leave he alone , percy ! you leave he alone , or by God I will -- Brad give Paul a hard shove , pin he against the wall . brad who you call percy ? name 's Brad , you senile fucker . and I be gonna nail that mouse , you can take that to the everfuck bank . Elaine be suddenly at Brad 's elbow , seethe with fury : elaine how dare you ? get out ! brad piss off , you wrinkeldy old bitch . I and paulie be talk . elaine his name be Mr. edgecomb . if you ever call he paulie again , you day of employment at Georgia pine will end . brad who the hell you think you be ? elaine I be the grandmother of the man who be currently speaker of the Georgia House of Representatives . a man who love he relative , Mr. dolan . all it would take be a phone call . Brad 's smile falter . Elaine step closer . elaine at first I think I would let you be . I be old , and that seem easiest . but when my friend be threaten and abuse , I do not let it be . ( icy beat ) now get out , or you will not work another day here . not another hour . I swear it . Brad ease he grip on Paul ... and back off . brad do not know what you be get so het up about . just a damn mouse . elaine get out , you ignorant man . what little mind you have be ugly and misdirect . Brad flush red , head for the door . he pause . brad do not bother come back here tomorrow ... Mr. edgecomb gonna be a new lock on this door . this be off-limit to resident , no matter what Mrs. my shit do not stink have to say about it . and off he go . Paul try to control the shaking in he hand , look to Elaine . elaine Little trick I learn from percy wetmore . paul be you grandson really speaker of the House ? elaine he be . Paul bend down , pick Mr. jingle up . paul you gonna thank the lady ? she just save you old mousie hide . the mouse stretch he neck forward , nose twitching , smell Paul 's breath . Paul look to Elaine . softly : paul I think Mr. jingle happen by accident . I think when we electrocute Del , and it all go so badly ... well , John could feel it , you know ... and I think a tiny part of whatever be inside of he just leapt out ... ( beat ) I , I be no accident . John have to give I a little part of himself ... a gift , like ... so I could see for myself what Wild Bill have do . when John do that , a part of whatever power work through he spill into I . elaine he ... what ? infect you with life ? Paul look at the mouse , stroke he gently between the ear . paul that 's as good a word as any . he infect we both , do not he , Mr. jingle . with life . ( beat ) I be a hundred and five year old , Elaine . I be forty the year John coffey walk the Green mile . elaine ...oh my God ... camera push slowly in on Paul as : paul I have not even have a cold since 1935 . I have have to watch my friend and love one die off through the year ... hal and melinda ... brutus howell ... my wife ... my son ... ( beat ) ... and you , Elaine . you would die , too , and my curse be know I will be there to see it ... dissolve to : int . funeral home - day Paul , dress in a dark suit , come up the aisle . angle shift to reveal Elaine connelly lie in the open casket . paul ( v.o. ) ... that 's my punishment , you see ? my punishment for let John coffey ride the lightning ... for kill a miracle of God ... Paul lay a rise atop the casket . paul ( v.o. ) ... you will be go , like all the other , and I will have to stay ... ext . cemetery - day Paul stand at the graveside as the casket be lower . paul ( v.o. ) I will die eventually , I imagine . I have no illusion of immortality . but I will have wish for death long before death find I . he turn and walk away . paul ( v.o. ) in truth , I wish for it already . int . E block - night ( 1935 ) empty and silent . Young Paul walk the mile alone , listen to the quiet . he pause , see something . a whisper : paul Mr. jingle ? it be Mr. jingle . the little mouse be peer from under the restraint room door . he 's come home , look bedraggle . Paul bend down , gently pick he up . paul where you be , boy ? I have be worried about you . you hungry ? Paul turn and head back up the Green mile , carry the mouse cup in he hand as we match dissolve to : int . nursing home - day Young Paul transform into Old Paul in the dissolve , the corridor of the Green mile become the corridor of the nursing home . he 's walk along , hold the little mouse the same way he do over sixty year ago . paul ( v.o. ) I lie in bed most night , think about it . and I wait ... dissolve to : int . paul be bedroom - night Paul lie awake , stare at the moon outside he window . paul ( v.o. ) I think about all the people I have love , now long go . I think about my beautiful Jan , and how I lose she so many year ago . I think about all of we walk we own Green mile , each in we own time . but one think , more than any other , keep I awake most night ... ( beat ) ... if he could make a mouse live so long , how much longer do I have ? he look over at the nightstand ... paul ( v.o. ) we each owe a death , there be no exception , but sometimes , oh God , the Green mile be so long ... ... and we pan to reveal Mr. jingle sleep fitfully in he cigar box , chase that spool in he dream as we fade out : --------------------------------------------------------------