the girl with the dragon tattoo written by Steven Zaillian 1 ext . sweden - day 1 a Christmas card vista be spoiled by a black line of railroad track stitched onto the snowy landscape like a scar point north to icy desolation . a phone ring - 2 ext . cabin - establishing a2 2 int . cabin - lake siljan - day 2 a elderly man who life alone in this rustic cabin - a retire policeman - regards the phone , both expect and dread the call . he pick up the receiver . morell what kind be it ? vanger o/ S I do not know . White . morell and the frame ? vanger o/ S Dark . morell postmark ? vanger o/ S same as last time . morell no note . vanger o/ S no . 3 int . vanger' study - same time 3 henrik vanger - at 82 , even older than morell - listen to the silence from he end of the line in a wood - panele room as baronial as the policeman 's be spartan . vanger I can not take it anymore . morell o/ S I know . I be sorry , henrik . there 's nothing more to say . vanger set the receiver down and regards a dry white flower in a 6 " x 11 " frame rest on the brown paper it be wrap and mail in . it 's somehow ominous , like the dark storm cloud that now burst outside - 2 . 2 . 4 int . courthouse - stockholm - day 4 mikael blomkvist - 40' - regards the gauntlet of reporter he will have to pass to get out of the building . as he stride toward they , microphone and camera swing in he direction . without stop - blomkvist what be this , the media event of the year ? reporter 1 do not try to play it down , mikael , it will not work . blomkvist do not try to play it up , that will not either . 4a ext . courthouse - stockholm - day - continuous 4a feeling a bit like he 's flee the scene of a crime , which in a way he be , blomkvist step outside open he umbrella . a couple of the reporter come out after he - reporter 2 will you appeal ? blomkvist I will appeal to you , viggo : find a real story to cover . he hurry off in the rain . newscaster V / o Financial journalist mikael blomkvist be find guilty today on 16 count of aggravate libel against financier han - Erik wennerstrom . 5 int . cafe - stockholm - day 5 at a table with a pre-make sandwich and cup of coffee , and a long court judgement , blomkvist watch himself flee the reporter on the cafe 's tv . he 's the only one there who watch it - no one else be interested - which only make it worse . 3. 3. tv newscaster in a article publish earlier this year , blomkvist claim wennerstrom - founder and president of the wennerstrom Group - use State fund intend for industrial development in Poland for a arm deal with the right - wing ustashe in Croatia . the report cut to a shot of wennerstrom outside the courthouse in a armani suit , surround by he legal team , confidently address the reporter - wennerstrom on tv I have nothing against Mr. blomkvist . he 's a good journalist who I do not believe be guide by malice . but what he write be inaccurate , and inaccuracy can not go unanswer . he - all journalist - have to accept like the rest of we , action have consequence . done with he sandwich , blomkvist go to the counter . blomkvist marlboro Red ... and a lighter . 6 ext . cafe - moment later - day 6 he come out tamping the pack . extract a cigarette . toss the pack in a sidewalk trash bin . flick at the lighter but can not get it to fire in the wind and rain . hunch he body around it , coax it to life . tv newscaster v/ o blomkvist be order to pay 600 thousand ske in damage and all court cost , which could be significantly more . he take a long drag that dizzy he . a wonderful feel . he regards the trash bin . fish around it , find the pack , put it in he coat pocket . 7 ext . millennium office , stockholm - day - establishing 7 8 int . millennium office - day 8 he come through past Christmas decoration and a mostly - young staff . they try not to regard he as a dead - man - walk , but be not entirely successful . he enter the editor 's office . 4. 4. erika where you be ? erika berger be about blomkvist 's age , and - like the ikea furniture - send a mix message : a feminist in a mini-skirt . blomkvist walk . think . erika smoke ? blomkvist just one . he sit , exhaust and depressed , in a cheap poang chair . erika tv4 call . I tell they no statement until we have read the judgment in its entirety . blomkvist I have . who else ? erika everyone who 's ever want to see you humiliate . blomkvist you have be on the phone all day then . erika I be as much to blame for this as you . blomkvist you be ? you write it ? erika I read it . I run it . blomkvist not the same . erika we credibility be not dead , mikael . blomkvist mine be . they regard each other in another silence . then - 5 . 5 . blomkvist I be tired . I feel like climb under a duvet and sleep for a week . erika alone ? he think about it ... shake he head `no . ' erika I already call greger and tell he I would not be home tonight . 9 ext . stockholm - same time - day 9 a motorcycle dive down a driveway that burrow under a three - story building . 10 int . armansky' office - milton security - day 10 dragan armansky , 40' , who look more like a boss of a New Jersey crime family than ceo of a high - tech security firm , sit behind he desk , wait with a older client . armansky it 's possible we could wait forever . frode you call she , I think . you speak to she . armansky I be afraid that do not mean much . frode I do not understand . armansky no one here like she . so it 's better if she work at home . frode but you tell she I want to meet she . armansky but I have tell she many more time I prefer she not to meet client . 11 int . milton security - same time - day 11 the figure from the motorcycle cross the lobby . from behind we can not see he / she well , but can see wary look from other emerge from and get into the elevator . 6 . 6 . frode V / o but you like she . armansky v/ o very much . she 's one of the best investigator I have . as you see from she report - 12 int . armansky' office - same time - continued 12 the report on armansky 's desk be 200 page long . insert : printed on its cover : mikael blomkvist , a case number and , smaller , its author , lisbeth salander . frode but . armansky I be concerned you will not like she . she 's different . frode in what way . armansky in every way . 13 int . milton security - stockholm - same time - day 13 the black - clad figure - from behind again - stride past coworker who look away . 14 int . armansky' office - same time - continued 14 secretary /intercom Ms. salander 's here . armansky breathes a defeat sigh , tap the intercom button twice to say `okay , let she in . ' lisbeth salander walk in : a small , pale , anorexic - look waif in she early 20' . short black - dyed hair - pierce eyelid - tattoo of a wasp on she neck ; probably several more under she black leather jacket - black t- shirt , black jeans , black caterpillar boot . frode be only middlingly successful in conceal he initial reaction to she . this be not punk fashion . this be someone say , stay the fuck away from I . armansky lisbeth , Mr. dirch frode . frode how do you do ? 7. 7. she do not shake frode 's hand , but do address he : salander something wrong with the report ? frode no . it seem quite thorough . there 's a wealth of data here . but I be also interested to know what 's not in it . salander there 's nothing not in it . frode you opinion of he be not . salander I be not pay to give my opinion . frode so you do not have one ? salander send armansky a weary look . his look back beg she not to say anything unpleasant . eventually - salander he 's clean . in my opinion . frode he 's - excuse I ? salander he 's honest . he 's who he present himself to be . in he business , that 's a asset . frode there 's less in he asset column after he conviction today . salander that 's true . he make a fool of himself with that . if it happen that way . frode look at armansky . what 's that suppose to mean ? salander if he make up the story , that 's out of character . so be give up without a fight . people do not do thing that be out of character . frode be you say he be set up ? 8. 8. salander that be not part of my assignment . and , apparently , she have no opinion on it either . frode you be quite right he make a fool of himself professionally . how big of a fool do he make of himself financially ? salander the judgement will just about empty he savings . this seem to please frode more than anything else that have be say , and salander see it . salander May I go ? frode you report be light in another area . his personal life . anything you choose not to include ? salander nothing that warrant inclusion . frode I be not sure if that mean yes or no . armansky I think what Ms. salander mean , and I agree , be that everyone have a right to a certain amount of privacy , even when they be be investigate . frode not in this case . I have to know if there 's anything about he I might find unsavory - even if she do not . armansky 's look to she at once apologize for frode , and encourage she to speak . she finally relent but put no more spin on it than any other piece of raw data - salander he 's have a long sexual relationship with he co-editor . it wreck he marriage , but not hers . her husband accept it . sometimes she sleep at blomkvist 's , sometimes at home . frode think about that , perhaps imagine how much simpler he own life would be with such a arrangement . 9 . 9 . frode you be right not to include that . salander I know . frode anything else ? salander no . frode please think before you say no . salander I do . frode I do not want to be surprised by something later . salander offer nothing more . frode so. nothing else . in the personal department . you be sure . salander ( pause ) he like sandwich . a15 ext . blomkvist's apartment - establishing a15 15 int . blomkvist's apartment - night 15 blomkvist be not sentimental , but do have a few frame snapshot : he daughter , he sister , and one with erika - in they 20' - in which he 's wear a black leather jacket . she wake up alone in he bed . pad to the darken live room to find he type on he laptop , a half - eat sandwich and glass of water next to it . erika usually when I wake up in a cold bed , it 's at home . blomkvist sorry . erika what be you do ? 10 . 10 . blomkvist write the press release . erika say - blomkvist you be take over as publisher . you be sorry for any nuisance wennerstrom be cause . I can not be reach for comment . erika you be give up . blomkvist just take a few step aside . for you . erika this make I sick . 16 omit : int . bookstore - stockholm - day 16 17 int . mcdonald be - stockholm - day 17 salander sit alone at a table wait for someone with a coffee and a gift haphazardly wrap with a Christmas bow , the price tag still on it , a paperback book - my 60 memorable Games , by Bobby Fischer . she notice the price tag be still on it . peel it off . dial a call on she cell . hang up when it go to voice mail . a18 ext . palmgren' apartment - establishing a18 18 int . palmgren' apartment - stockholm - day 18 she knock on a door . hear classical music play softly inside , but no one answer . she try the door . it 's unlock . the gift in hand , she push it open . she come into a apartment which look like it could belong to a professor . see a chess piece on the floor . then a trail of they that lead she to a overturn chess table and , next to it , a body . the gash on the old man 's head could have be cause by a fall into the corner of the table , or from a blow to it . she quickly try to determine if he 's breathe . call for a ambulance . 19 int . blomkvist's apartment - stockholm - evening 19 it 's doubtful there 's a stranger Christmas gather go on anywhere in the world . stand around with eggnog be : 11 . 11 . blomkvist ; he teenage daughter pernilla ; he sister annika and she italian husband ; erika and she weirdly understanding artist husband greger , whose arm be around she waist ; a few other friend ( and perhaps lover ) . greger you need a better attorney . you need you sister . blomkvist she offer . annika he decline . blomkvist as she hope . annika never a good idea mixing family and business . blomkvist and I still would have lose . gregor do you have ... anything on he . blomkvist I have a lot . it just be not any good . erika it be not even about mikael . it be wennerstrom send a message to the press as a whole - and the fsa : do not ask question . blomkvist 's daughter seem concerned for he . blomkvist I be fine , nilla . you do not have to worry about I . pernilla Mom 's worried . blomkvist about I ? pernilla about all that money . 12 . 12 . 20 int . soder hospital - stockholm - night 20 outside the icu , salander sit on the floor like a dog who will not leave the spot its master tell it to wait . for the first time since we have meet she , she look vulnerable . the door swing open . a doctor step out . salander get up to hear he report - doctor you be Mr. palmgren 's daughter ? salander his ward . he do not have a daughter . the doctor be not sure then if he should talk to she . salander please . 21 int . icu - soder hospital - later - night 21 not allow to go inside , she peer through glass at palmgren , who be unaware of she , or the nurse attend he , or even himself . a spiderweb of tube emerge from he neck and wrist ; oxygen tube from he nostril . doctor V / o he 's have severe cerebral hemorrhage . either from the fall itself , or a stroke that lead to the fall . his blood pressure be still high . I be hopeful he will regain consciousness , but that 's not assure . and it 's possible , if he do , there will be neurological damage . 22 omit : int . metro - moving - stockholm - night 22 23 int . blomkvist's apartment - stockholm - night 23 they be around the dinner table now , pass platter around . blomkvist notice he daughter 's head be bow in silent prayer . blomkvist nilla ? what be you do ? pernilla nothing . blomkvist ( pause ) you be not serious . 13 . 13 . Dragon tattoo final 9/1/11 sz pernilla I do not want to talk about it since I know you will not approve . blomkvist of - ( she do not say ) nilla . pernilla Light of life . blomkvist Light of - what ? ( she do not repeat it ) what be that ? pernilla you think it 's all senseless but it be not . it 's more natural to believe in something than not to . she begin eat . blomkvist stare at she , feel a little sick . a cell phone ring . no one can tell - as you never can - whose it be , and so all pull they out . it 's blomkvist 's . blomkvist Excuse I . look back at he daughter with some concern , he step away to take the call . blomkvist hello . frode o/ S Mr. blomkvist ? blomkvist yes . frode o/ S forgive I for intrude on you Christmas . my name be dirch frode . I be a attorney . I represent henrik vanger . perhaps you have hear of ( he ) - blomkvist of course . frode o/ S he would like to speak to you about a private matter . 14 . 14 . blomkvist you know , you be call at a awkward time . frode o/ S I be sorry . I be about to sit down to Christmas dinner myself . blomkvist that 's not what I mean . frode o/ S you be refer to you recent legal trouble . that have provide Mr. vanger with some entertainment . blomkvist Excuse I ? frode o/ S he do not care for wennerstrom either . frode , in he polite , deliberate way , be reeling blomkvist in like a perch . blomkvist have he call I . frode o/ S he would like to meet in person if that 's okay . up north . hedestad . blomkvist no. sorry . frode o/ S he 's much too old to make a trip to stockholm , Mr. blomkvist . please . if you would be so kind as to consider . blomkvist be not sure what to do , or say . frode o/ S hedestad be lovely in winter . like a Christmas card . 23a int . metro - moving - stockholm - morning 23a salander ride a crowded underground train , but feel even more cut off from the people around she than usual ; completely alone . 15 . 15 . 24 ext . norrland coast - day 24 a passenger train , barely visible in a severe snowstorm , make its way north . this be no Christmas card . 24a int . sj train - moving - day 24a blomkvist stare out at the bleak , northern landscape . 25 ext . train station - hedestad - day 25 blomkivist disembark to find frode - who he can only assume be frode - beyond a veil of snow , wave to he from outside a mercede . unlike blomkvist , he 's dress for this god-awful weather in a fur-collared topcoat . 26 int / ext . mercede / hedestad - day 26 frode 's mercede come across a long bridge link the old industrial town to a rocky island . frode first time in hedestad ? blomkvist and last , I be sure . frode it 's lovely in the spring . blomkvist you say it be lovely in winter . frode this be unseasonable . blomkvist I will be on the 4:30 train back to stockholm . frode unless we get snow in ... I be joke . you will be home tonight , if that 's what you wish . 27 int / ext . mercede - hedeby island - day 27 the car come up a long , bare - tree-line drive , lead to a stately manor . as frode and blomkvist climb out , a distant gunshot echoe , but neither frode nor the old man who appear at the front door of the manor pay it any attention ; just someone hunt . vanger welcome . come inside . it 's warm . 16 . 16 . 28 int . vanger manor - day 28 it be warm inside . there be fire in the fireplace . and vanger himself be warm in nature , yet speak quickly as they come through the house - vanger thank you for come way out here . Anna , take Mr. blomkvist 's insufficient coat . would you like to freshen up ? we will be have dinner later . for now , hot tea be wait . unless you would like a drink instead . what would you like ? frode Mr. blomkvist would like to be on the 4:30 train back to stockholm . vanger what ? blomkvist I can not stay for dinner . vanger look thoroughly disappointed . or hurt . vanger oh . I guess I would better be quick then . thank you , dirch . mikael , this way . 29 int . vanger' study - day 29 tea service and pastry on a coffee table separate blomkvist from vanger , whose elderly frame be in danger of be swallow up by a wing - back chair . vanger what do you know about I ? blomkvist that you use to run one of the biggest industrial firm in the country . vanger use to . that 's correct . there be frame black and white photograph on a wall - factory and train figure into all of they . 17 . 17 . vanger my grandfather forge the track the 4:30 train will take you home on - and most of the other pre-state - own rail line . we stitched this country together . we make the steel and mill the lumber that build modern Sweden . ( pause ) you know what we most profitable product now be ? ( blomkvist do not ) fertilizer . blomkvist imagine he 's mean to offer a wistful shrug . vanger I be not obsessed with the decline health of the company , but I be with the settling of account - and the clock be tick . I need you help . blomkvist do . vanger officially , assist I with my memoir . but what you would really be do be solving a mystery . and you would do that by do what you do so well - this recent legal mishap of yours notwithstand . you would be investigate thief , miser , bully , and malcontent - the most detestable collection of people you will ever meet ... my family . a30 ext . salander' apartment - establishing a30 30 int . salander' apartment - day 30 she exhume a unwash bowl from a sinkful of dirty dish , fill it with tap water without rinsing it , dump a packet of ramen noodle in , put it in a microwave . she take a Coke can from a anemically - stock fridge to a desk in she so-called live room , a clutter of full ashtray , fast food wrapper , empty soda can , paperwork , unwash laundry . the only thing of any value here be she macbook and several external hard drive . note : change below be insert only : 18 . 18 . she type dirch frode in the search window . click on the top result which take she to frode 's bio on vanger industry ' site with its distinctive v.i. logo . his official company photo accompany he profile : uppsala University Law School ... Assistant counsel , vanger industry , 1965-1972 ... head counsel , 1972 - present . she type in another search - han -erik wennerstrom . click on he Wikipedia page , which show a photo of he alongside he bio . she skim it - President of the investment firm , wennerstrom - gruppen ... personal wealth of 12 billion dollar ( 80 billion kronor ) ... 82 - foot yacht , villa on the island of varmdo ... she do a third search , type : wennerstrom + vanger industry - and hit the icach ' option - there be only a couple of result that include both term . she go to one of they , a body of text of some old page with the cached term highlight in yellow and blue , and read - ... han - Erik wennerstrom , cpa , vanger industry account dept. , 1971-1972 ... hmmm . 31 ext . hedeby island - day - 1960 31 the child of the " thief , miser , bully and incompetent " play on a beach . a shutter blink freezing a 12 - year- old girl in foreground in black and white - vanger V / o this be harriet . the granddaughter of my brother Richard . 32 int . vanger' study - day 32 the same photograph of harriet in a photo album vanger show blomkvist . vanger Richard , who I may as well start with to get it out of the way , be a Nazi of the first order - join the nationalist Socialist freedom League when he be 17 . 19 . 19 . a page in the album turn to reveal a photo of a young man in a uniform with a Nazi pin . vanger be not it interesting how fascist always steal the word freedom . ( blomkvist check he watch ) the 4:30 . yes. okay . anyway , Richard die a martyr to the Nazi cause in 1940 - miss all the real excitement - but not the opportunity to regularly beat he wife margareta and they son , gottfry . we see photo of gottfry , a handsome young man . vanger now , gottfry - harriet 's father - be what people use to call a good - time - Charlie . blomkvist they be still call that . vanger be they ? okay . insert : Close on a photo of gottfry . vanger he be a charmer , a lady man , a drunk . in other word , a bear salesman - which be what he do for the company - travel around , take client out to dinner and so on . blomkvist someone have to do it . vanger that 's right . anyway , he die in 1965 . drown . drunk . here on the island . a studio photo : gottfry with he wife and two child . vanger his wife isabella - who be pretty much useless before as a parent - become even more so after he death - which be when I begin look after they child - Martin - who run vanger industry now that I be retire - and harriet . 20 . 20 . a photo of a much young vanger and 15 - year - old harriet . vanger she be bright and curious , a win combination in any person . blomkvist and beautiful . vanger nod as he regards the photo ... blomkvist something happen to she ? vanger nod again ; be silent for several moment ... vanger someone in the family murder harriet and for the last forty year have be try to drive I insane . 33 omit : int . salander' apartment - stockholm - day 33 34 ext . train station - hedestad - dusk 34 the 4:30 train leave the station without blomkvist . 35 int . vanger' study - dusk 35 Anna gather the cup and leave with the tea tray . vanger it be September 21st , 1966 . a Saturday . harriet be 16 . 36 ext . vanger estate - day - 1966 36 Three generation of vanger dot the grounds . vanger V / o my brother - along with they wife , child and grandchild - have gather here for we loathsome annual board meeting and dinner . it be also the day the yacht Club hold its Autumn parade . 37 ext . hedestad - day - 1966 37 and we see the parade , and , among the spectator lining the town 's main street , harriet with other teenage girl . 21 . 21 . vanger V / o harriet and a couple of school friend have go into town to watch it . she return a little after two o'clock . 38 int . vanger' parlor - day - 1966 38 a clock in the room read , 2:10 . vanger and a few family member sip afternoon cocktail . harriet appear . vanger V / o she come to the parlor . she ask if she could talk to I . I honestly do not remember what I be do that I think be more important , but I tell she to give I a few minute . she leave . he return to the other in the room . vanger V / o but in a few minute , before I could go upstairs to talk to she , something else occur . 39 ext . hedeby island - day - 1966 39 a car and a fuel truck , both go too fast , collide on the bridge . the truck roll onto its side crush the car and spew gasoline . vanger V / o the accident have nothing to do with harriet - and everything . 40 int . vanger' family room - day - 1966 40 vanger and the other react to the noise of the crash . out the large window they can see the bridge and many of that on the grounds trot down to get a closer look . vanger V / o it be chaos as everyone drop what they be do . 41 ext . the bridge - day - 1966 41 people and vehicle converge on both side of the bridge . vanger V / o Police , a ambulance , fire brigade , reporter , photographer and onlooker quickly arrive from town , as that of we on the island - the family - hurried to the bridge from we side . 22. 22. the truck driver have manage to climb out of he cab , but the other motorist be trap . vanger V / o the driver of the car - a Mr. aronsson - be pin and severely injure . all we could do be try to pry he out with we hand - since metal tool could spark . a local newspaper photographer and another man , snap picture as vanger and other try without success to pry the injure driver from he car . as the chaos ensue - vanger V / o about twenty minute after the crash , harriet be in the kitchen . Anna herself see she . 42 int . kitchen - vanger manor - day - 1966 42 Anna glance to harriet as she come in , then back out the window to the bridge . harriet pass a clock that read 2:35 , step outside , walk toward the wood ... 43 ext . the bridge - dusk - 1966 43 as the sun set , vanger and the other on the bridge make progress extract the driver from the car . a young man come from the town side take off he jacket to help . vanger V / o we finally get poor aronsson out of he car and off to the hospital , and that of we on we side drift back to the house . 44 int . vanger manor - night - 1966 44 the family have assemble at a long dining table . vanger V / o the sun be down , the excitement over , we sit down to dinner . that 's when I notice harriet be not there . vanger consider a empty chair as everyone else , include the young man from the bridge , he jacket drape on he chair , pass platter of food around . vanger V / o and she be not there the next morning . or the next . or the next forty year . 44a omit : int . vanger manor - night 44a 23. 23. 45 int . vanger be manor - dusk - present day 45 vanger have the same look of concern on he face now as he lead blomkvist up some stair . vanger what be she go to tell I ? why do not I make time for she ? why do not I listen ? blomkvist she could not have run away ? vanger not without be see . 45a ext . the bridge - night - 1966 45 a the crew continue they work under light . vanger firemen stay on the bridge all night pump out the gasoline . and no one swim across , or take a row boat . all of they be still tie up on this side Sunday . believe I , we check . 45b int . vanger manor - dusk - present day 45 B blomkvist she could not have fall and drown ? vanger the current be not strong here . anything that fall into the water turn up nearby . like she father . his body do not drift more than ten meter when he drown the year before . vanger 's pause at a landing to steady himself and he labor breathe . vanger no. someone kill she , Mr. blomkvist . someone on the island that day . someone close enough to know what she use to give I each year on my birthday . he unlock the door of the attic and push it open to reveal a cluster of nine dusty frame dry flower on a wall . 24 . 24 . vanger this be from she . and , on another wall , forty similarly - frame flower - vanger this , from she killer . blomkvist regards the forty ... blomkvist who know about this ? vanger I , the police , the murderer ... and now you . 46 ext . stockholm - dusk 46 it 's raining as a elegantly - dress woman slow before a luxurious apartment building . salander approach from the other direction . pass , she note the four number tone the woman key in the code lock . the door buzze open and the woman disappear inside . salander double back and key the same four number tone in the milton Security lock . 47 int . apartment build - stockholm - continuous 47 opulent foyer . Security camera . antique elevator cage whose cable pull the woman upstairs . salander come to a unlock service door and take stair to a basement machine room . examine tangles of phone line , meter , wi- fi router . photograph they with a digital camera . she climb the stair back up to the foyer . the front door buzze , and a man in a suit on the sidewalk push it open , see she , hold it wide enough for she to pass . the man be a driver / bodyguard . he continue to hold the door for he employer who now emerge from the back of a idling car and cross to it in the rain ... wennerstrom . 48 ext . vanger be manor - night 48 the rain here be icier and more punish . vanger V / o when the police investigation peter out , I keep at it - 25 . 25 . 49 int . vanger manor - night 49 they be eat dinner now in the dining room . vanger - study they report and interview , all the information there be , and it 's a lot . I have spend half my life examine the event of a single day . and for all that , he 's no closer to the truth . blomkvist I understand you frustration . but what you be ask I to do be a waste of money . vanger we have not discuss you fee . blomkvist we do not need to . I can not find something you have not be able to in forty year . vanger you do not know that . you have a very keen investigative mind . blomkvist wonder why he ever agree to come here as vanger refill he wine glass . vanger here 's what I propose : you come stay on the island . I have a nice little cottage by the water you can use . you study the material I give you . you find something I have miss - or you do not . blomkvist you want I to set aside my life and career for something that 's a complete waste of time . vanger think of it as a well deserve vacation . a way of avoid all the people you want to avoid right now . ( nothing from blomkvist ) as for compensation , I will pay you twice you salary for as many month as it take . I will quadruple it if you solve the mystery . 26 . 26 . blomkvist Mr. ( vanger ) - vanger I be not do . I will throw in one more thing - even though you be a terrible negotiator . it 's what you want more than anything else and it can not be buy at any price . I will give it to you ... han - Erik wennerstrom . he push toward blomkvist a plate : the carcass of the fresh - kill and cook duck they have be eat . it and the mention of wennerstrom 's name cloud , at least for a moment , blomkvist 's memory of the train he miss . vanger he begin he career work for I . and I have follow it with interest , shall we say , ever since . you be right about he . you just could not prove it . a50 ext . plague' apartment - establishing a50 50 int . plague' apartment - stockholm - night 50 salander climb a flight of stair in a building that could not be more different than wennerstrom 's . knock on a door , wait , listen to some dead - bolt unlock . it open , but remain impassable by a figure weigh over 300 pound . he offer she no greeting . fade back into the shadow of he dark apartment . plague would you like to sit ? I could possibly clear a place if necessary . it 's hard to imagine how he or anyone might accomplish that . the place be like a junkyard . even the unmade bed be cover with stuff . salander do you make it ? plague have you something for I ? she take some cash from a pocket , hand it to he . he count it and be unimpress with its total . plague I be on welfare ; I do not administer it . this be not enough . 27 . 27 . salander I have to pay three month back rent and eat a little bit . it 's all I have right now . plague I find that so poignant . so much so that he do nothing more than look at she . she reach to take the money back , but he pocket it and move across the dark room to a work table where high -end computer fight for space with debris . find and give she a small homemade electronic box , which she turn over in she hand . while it 's clear both this people be deficient in behavior that govern polite society , it 's hard to tell which lack it more . plague no `thank you ? ' 51 int . millennium office - early morning 51 erika , first to arrive this morning , or so she think , come through the empty office with a Wayne 's coffee to - go cup - but blomkvist be already there , pack supplies from he desk , book from he shelf . a second suitcase , presumably full of clothes , sit on the floor . erika V / o you can not be serious - 51a int / ext . millennium office - early morning - later 51a he zip the suitcase with the supplies in it close and gather the rest . erika we be in we worst crisis ever and you be write a memoir ? blomkvist you fire I ; I need something to do . erika you fire you ; I need you here , not the North pole . you know what this be go to look like . blomkvist like I have be gut . like I be run away . I be . they cross through the building , he with he case , she with she coffee cup . 28 . 28 . blomkvist wennerstrom want to see I wave a white flag , not a red one . and the more it look like there 's a problem between you and I , the more it will satisfy he . erika there be a problem between we . he will not be satisfied until he shut we down , and you be leave I to fight he alone . he kiss she but get back no more than he would from a statue - and step outside . blomkvist it 's four hour by train . it 's not the North pole . 52 ext . train station - hedestad - day 52 the depot thermometer read 0 . blomkvist disembark with two suitcase . this time , frode be not there to meet he . he struggle with he luggage through the snow to a taxi stand . 53 int . taxi - moving - day 53 as a taxi pass a gas station by the bridge , blomkvist regards the Middle Eastern driver 's eye which regard he in the rear view mirror . blomkvist think this snow 's go to let up anytime soon ? hussein this be the North pole . 54 ext . cottage - hedeby island - day 54 the taxi deposit blomkvist outside a cottage . from here he can see vanger 's manor and couple other house . the taxi drive off and disappear into the snow . 55 int . cottage - day 55 two room . fireplace . pile of wood . a realtor would call it cozy . in truth it 's just tiny and freezing cold . blomkvist unpack . put clothes in a wardrobe , set out book , note pad , pen , CD 's , a CD player , he laptop and a small printer . 29 . 29 . he flip open he cell phone to make a call . get no reception bar . hear a faint , plaintive cry and trace it to a window , beyond which , on the sill outside , stand a cat peer in . he open the door , and the cat head straight for the kitchenette . then look at he . blomkvist what. milk ? he open the old fridge . no milk . nothing . 56 ext . cottage - day 56 he come out into fall snow hold he cell phone out in front of he like a dowser divine ground water . move around try to get a signal . can not . 57 int . market - hedestad - dusk 57 he purchase milk , butter , a loaf of slice bread , some package lunch meat and a few can of cat food . 58 ext . hedestad - dusk 58 he walk along the street through wind - whipping snow , cradling the grocery bag , cell out in front of he again . any of the local could tell he he could do this forever - there be no cell tower anywhere around here . 59 ext . hedestad - dusk 59 grocery bag at he foot , he dial a call with finger he can no longer feel on the gas station pay phone by the end of the bridge . it go to erika 's voice mail . blomkvist it 's I . I be here . it 's fuck cold and I be on a pay phone . if you try to call , the reception suck , and if you try to email , there 's none of that either , so - so - I be here - and - I can not even speak it 's so fuck cold . he hang up , open the same pack of cigarettes from before . eighteen in there . struggle to get one light in the wind and snow , hurry off toward the bridge . 60 int . cottage - night 60 as the cat lap at milk on a plate , blomkvist try to get a fire go use page rip from a book . it 's a struggle he 's go to lose ; he 's no Boy scout . 30 . 30 . 61 ext . wennerstrom's build - night 61 salander appear and key in the four lock tone . 62 int . wennerstrom's build - night 62 in the machine room again , she pull one cable away from the other and wire to it to Plague 's electronic box . 63 ext . hedestad - dawn 63 the bell in the church tower clang - 64 int . cottage - dawn 64 but it 's a knock that draw blomkvist awake . have forget where he be , he regards the cat sleep with he , then the room , and groan . he pad to the door in the freezing cold . open it to find a rugge older man on he doorstep with a handcart load with file box . nilsson I be gunner . the caretaker . 65 int . cottage - later - dawn 65 as gunner expertly build a fire in the fireplace for he , blomkvist work at unpack the box - document , fat police report , notebook , folder , photo album . nilsson you be a author . blomkvist I be write a biography of Mr. vanger , yes . nilsson nod , but be not sure he believe it . maybe he take a look inside the box before he bring they down . nilsson I see you on television . blomkvist that 's unfortunate . nilsson bit of trouble , I guess . blomkvist nod and hope that 's enough to put a end to the subject . it be not . nilsson no jail time , though . that 's good . cost you a lot of money though , yeah ? 31 . 31 . blomkvist share he annoyance with the cat . nilsson dust himself off , satisfied with the fire he 's make . nilsson there . 66 ext . vanger estate - day 66 vanger have venture outside to show blomkvist around the estate . smoke from chimney rise into bitter cold grey sky , weather for which blomkvist , unlike the old man , be inadequately dress . vanger the island be own by my family . you close neighbor be my brother harald , another Nazi if you can believe . two in the family . he 's detestable to put it nicely , but you will probably never see he . he 's a recluse . blomkvist he be there that day ? vanger indeed he be . vanger 's look to blomkvist add , `so consider he a suspect . ' he indicate another house on the grounds - vanger that 's he daughter cecilia 's house . they do not speak . blomkvist do anyone speak to anyone on this island ? vanger actually , isabella - harriet 's mother - who life there - ( point ) - she speak to harald - which be one of reason I do not speak to she . ( point ) cecilia 's brother birger life there . blomkvist who do not he speak to ? vanger you , probably . not that you would want he to . he can be as unpleasant as harald . 32 . 32 . blomkvist I be quickly lose track who 's who . vanger oh , how you will wish be it always so . soon you will know we all only too well - with my apology . ( point ) out there be my nephew Martin 's house ; harriet 's brother . it 's a modern house - lot of glass - out on the point . blomkvist who speak to he ? vanger I speak to he . he run the company now , as I think I tell you . they hear a distant rifle crack and echo . it startles blomkvist a bit , but not vanger . vanger someone shoot they dinner . gunner probably . the caretaker . blomkvist I just meet he . vanger he be 19 when harriet disappear . Old enough , blomkvist gather , to be consider a suspect . vanger point off - vanger he life over there . shiver in the cold , blomkvist turn . blomkvist and you live here . vanger sorry ? blomkvist you house . for a moment , vanger be not sure what blomkvist mean . then he be , and be pleased by it . 33. 33. vanger yes , you be right . the man who hire the detective should always be keep on the suspect list . 66a omit - int . cottage - day 66a 67 int . palmgren' apartment - day 67 a nurse take a tray away , leave salander alone with palmgren , separate by the chess table they will not play a game on . she wipe he mouth with she sleeve . salander I get a call from social welfare . I have be assign a new guardian . it 's unlikely he understand what she have say . it 's unlikely he even know she 's there . 68 int . cottage - night 68 tack to a wall , a map of the island on which blomkvist have write the name of the live vanger family member and staff in the approximate location of they house . next to it - 3 x5 card and photo - a vanger family tree - which double as a suspect list . on some of the card be the word , vdecease . ' he make a sandwich . refill a coffee cup . begins read the police report . the first be a photocopy of a note when the call from vanger come in : " Officer morell inform by telephone of situation , 10:19 p.m . " 69 ext . hedeby island - night - 1966 69 gustaf morell stand at the bow of a patrol boat slowly motor past the bridge where the fire brigade work to pump the gasoline from the overturn truck . intercut : blomkvist read , " morell on site , hedeby Island , 11:42 p.m . " 70 int . vanger manor - night - 1966 70 morell , feel like he 's enter a agatha Christie lock room mystery , regards the extend vanger clan sit in the live room look suitably worried . morell I would like to see the girl 's room . vanger it 's down the hall . 34 . 34 . morell I think this be you house . vanger it be . she life with I . morell be she parent alive ? vanger her mother be . vanger point isabella out . slender , overdress and smoking a sobranie , she immediately strike morell as a woman as venomous as she be beautiful . vanger this way . morell follow vanger down a hall - intercut : blomkvist read , " approx . 12:05 , inspect miss girl 's bedroom . found - " 71 int . harriet be room - vanger manor - dawn - 1966 71 a purse on the desk in harriet 's room . morell carefully remove the content : comb , pocket mirror , handkerchief , wallet contain a few kronor , she id , and she address book . he leaf through this . det . morell I want to speak to everyone here . that will take all night so you might want someone to put some coffee on . younger vanger what about the search ? morell first thing in the morning . younger vanger no . we should do it now . she could be hurt out there . vanger be either a good actor or have nothing to hide . vanger please . I beg you . intercut : blomkvist read , " authorize we patrol boat and two volunteer craft to begin 12:20 a.m. - G. morell . " 35 . 35 . 71a ext . hedeby island - night - 1966 71a the police patrol boat and two petersson motor around the island , spotlight the shore and rocky cliff . 71b int . vanger manor - night - 1966 71b the weird tableaux of character , await they interview with morell . at the moment , he 's across the room with harald vanger , take note , drink coffee . intercut : blomkvist read , " patrol 014 and orienteer Club volunteer assemble , 6:40 a.m . " 72 omit : int . vanger manor - night - 1966 72 73 omit : ext . hedeby island - night - 1966 73 74 ext . hedeby island - dawn - 1966 74 search party crisscross the island , wade through ditch , check old barn , shine flashlight up chimney . Woodsmen with blood hound comb through wood . morell V / o we searched for day ... 75 ext / int . train - moving - lake siljan - present day 75 a train bisect the landscape . blomkvist look out . morell V / o eventually , much to he dismay - and mine - I have to talk to henrik about call it off - 76 ext . hedeby island - dusk - 1966 76 as the search continue , morell , look like he have not sleep - which he have not - peer down a rocky cliff to the water . somehow he know they be never go to find she . morell V / o the fact that I never find a body do not surprise I . you can not dig up a entire island . a77 omit : ext . cabin - lake siljan - establishing a77 77 int . cabin - lake siljan - day 77 the same face - forty year older - the man who speak to vanger on the phone about the dry flower - now speak with blomkvist as he scrape out the bowl of he pipe . 36 . 36 . morell but I also could not find a motive . be it spontaneous ? be it plan ? do she know something someone wish she do not ? be it about business ? blomkvist Business ? she be sixteen . morell and very bright . henrik tell I he could easily imagine she run the business someday , which would mean someone else would not . blomkvist she be with some friend that day . at a parade . you must have talk to they . morell she tell they she be not feel well . she leave early . but they also say she keep secret from they , too . the main thing I learn talk to they for hour be that teenage girl be complicated . blomkvist I have one . morell so you know . ( blomkvist do indeed ) do you bring the last gift henrik receive ? blomkvist it 's at the National Forensic Lab . morell I can tell you what they report will say now : it 's a flower common to Europe . all of they be . no print . no DNA . he light the pipe . blomkvist watch the tobacco glow . blomkvist I want to ask you about this . he produce a old address book from he jacket pocket . of course , morell have see it before , and handle it delicately . the decade have dry out its page . 37 . 37 . Dragon tattoo final 9/1/11 sz morell she receive this from henrik the Christmas before . I study it more time than I can say . I know every page of it . blomkvist it 's the last page I be curious about . morell as be I . blomkvist the only name not alphabetize . morell nod that he know that only too well as he turn to that last page . on it , in neat handwrite : magda 32016 Sara 32109 r.j. 30114 r.l. 32027 mari 32018 morell they be local hedestad phone number . the first belong to a woman name margot , whose mother be magda , who claim she do not know harriet . the fourth , r.l. , belong to rosemarie larsson , a elderly woman who die a few year before . the other three be unconnected in any way that I could find . he hand the address book back . it , and everything else about the case , clearly trouble he still . blomkvist I have remind you of thing you would rather forget . I be sorry . morell I can not forget it . it 's my rebecka case . blomkvist be not sure what that mean . morell every policeman have at least one unsolve case . back then it be old torstensson . Year after year he keep return to one - take out the file - uselessly study they . as young man , we have to laugh . blomkvist be this also a miss girl case ? 38 . 38 . morell no , that 's not why I mention it . the rebecka case be something that happen before harriet be bear . I be talk about the soul of a policeman . poor torstensson could never solve it , and could never let it go . and neither can poor morell with he harriet case . 78 ext . stockholm - day 78 a unexcite social welfare building . 79 int . bjurman' office - day 79 as a man behind a desk review a thick file , salander review he : about 50 ; spend money on suit , think that might disguise he public servant status ; no wedding ring ; typical creep , as far as she 's concerned . bjurman how 's Mr. palmgren do ? I be tell he have a stroke of some kind . ( nothing from salander ) terrible . it be , but she can tell he could not care less . he leaf through she file - bjurman what exactly do you do at this security company ? salander make coffee and sort mail . bjurman but not full - time . not even part - time consistently . they somehow get along without coffee or mail in July and August ? nothing from she . bjurman how much do you earn there ? salander enough . bjurman how much be you rent ? 39 . 39 . Dragon tattoo final 9/1/11 sz salander I pay my rent . bjurman when 's the last time you be late ? salander never . bjurman do you think that ring in you eyelid make you attractive ? salander , who 's have to suffer insufferable official all she life , do not dignify the question with a answer . bjurman here 's the problem . there a discrepancy between the obligation of Mr. palmgren 's guardianship and the management of you finances . salander it be not a discrepancy or a problem . it be clear to he I could manage my own finances . bjurman but that 's not clear to I . salander I be not a child . bjurman no . you be not . ( look at she too long ) but you be . and between then and now - ( indicate the file ) - two year in the lock ward at St. stephen , for violent aggression - failure to adapt to four foster home and seven school - arrest twice for intoxication , twice for narcotic use , and most recently for assault : a bottle smashed into a man 's face . you may have con Mr. palmgren into think you have improve , but look at this - ( the file ) - not to mention how you be look at I now - I can see you have not . so the good-old - mr-palmgren - day be over . start now , you will be give a monthly allowance . you will provide I with receipt for you expense . ( more ) 40 . 40 . bjurman ( cont 'd ) if the number do not balance , I will have to assume the difference be go to drug . salander I have be on my own since I be twelve . bjurman no . you have be a persistent burden to the State since you be twelve . she will not look at he any more - not that there 's anything even remotely interesting to see if she do . bjurman ( cont 'd ) Ms. salander ? please look at I . because this be important . she do ... in a way that say , I would like to kill you . bjurman this behavior you be display right now be elaborately document here - ( in the file ) - so it would come as a shock to no one if I choose a alternative to the lenient arrangement I just outline . be that what you be say with you silence ? you would prefer institutionalization ? 79a int . bjurman' office build - day 79 a salander step into the elevator , hit the down button . as the door close - 80 ext . hedeby island - evening 80 Martin 's house do not look so far away , but the road blomkvist have to climb to reach it , and the fact he , like all writer , be out of shape , tax he . a car drive by a attractive woman in she 30' pull alongside he . liv mikael ? ( he manage a nod ) we be go to the same place . hop in . 81 ext . martin be house - evening 81 Martin , wear a apron , open the door to find both he dinner guest on the porch . 41 . 41 . liv I find he at death 's door halfway up the hill . blomkvist I be afraid I be a bit out of shape . martin no , it 's a climb for anyone . I should have warn you . come on in . blomkvist put a bottle of aquavit in Martin 's hand . 82 int . martin be house - night 82 the place be far cry from vanger 's manor . it 's modern . Martin , liv and blomkvist work on the dinner Martin have prepare . Soft jazz music issue from somewhere . liv I use to work in the company 's petrochemical division in goteborg . when it be sell , I go with it . martin a dark day . liv I live in Hong Kong now , but come back to stockholm for family event , and when I do , I drive up to spend a couple day with Martin . martin she come for the moose steak . blomkvist be that what this be ? they all glance away to a sound : a soft , strange , wail wind . Martin drain the last of a bottle of wine in blomkvist 's glass and get up . martin something 's open . you like this one , or would you like to try something else ? blomkvist that one 's good . Martin head off to the kitchen . blomkvist and liv , leave with each other , seem unsure what to talk about . liv I see you on Sky News a while ago . 42 . 42 . blomkvist that be a dark day . liv sorry to remind you of it . blomkvist it 's okay . there be worse thing than libel - though I can not immediately think of one in my business . liv you be write a book now , Martin say . blomkvist henrik 's biography . liv I love henrik . he 's fascinating . Martin , too . together they be the Old Sweden and the New . blomkvist they be . liv you know about harriet , right ? blomkvist do not say . the sound of the wind stop . liv you do not ? blomkvist I do . Martin emerge from the cellar with a bottle of wine in hand and return with it to the dining room . liv o/ S the family do not like to talk about it , but it can not just be sweep under the rug . martin what can not . liv harriet . Martin do not comment . just nod . silence . then - 43. 43. Dragon tattoo final 9/1/11 sz blomkvist maybe we could talk about that later . martin we can talk about it now . ( blomkvist glance to liv ) liv know everything about my crazy family . which be why she will never marry I . liv that 's one reason . she hold up she leave hand . a wedding ring be on it . the couple seem very comfortable with each other , not unlike blomkvist and erika . martin do not put that in you book . anything else be fine . harriet certainly . everything change after that . not just the family , but the company . blomkvist how so . martin we be not nordea or ericsson , but we be still the large family - own company in the country . at the height , we have 40000 employee . we have about half that now , and that downward slide - anyone can tell you - begin after my sister 's death . it break henrik 's entrepreneurial spirit , and he heart . and Martin 's , too , clearly . blomkvist dare to ask , as innocently as possible - blomkvist you be here that day ? martin everyone be here , though I do not get in until after the accident on the bridge . the 4:30 train . blomkvist I know it well . 44 . 44 . martin it be a terrible day . and the day after - search and not find she - be even worse . liv set she hand atop she boyfriend 's . martin this event , mikael , have to be a big part of you book . blomkvist promise he with a nod that it will . 83 int . stockholm metro - day 83 as salander move with a crowd toward the door of a subway car , someone behind she roughly yank the strap of she messenger bag from she shoulder - she give chase , push past people , catch up with the junkie , grapples with he . he slug she . she go down , but do not give up . catch up with he on the escalator , throw he back down it . the bag slam onto the metal stair , too , but at least she have it now . she do not run . she wait at the top and watch the junkie drag himself up and think about try again . he wisely decide to let it go , hop to the down - escalator and disappear into the underground station . 84 int / ext . cottage - day 84 blomkvist sift through a box contain some of harriet 's personal belonging : school papers , textbooks , a Bible , the address book , she wallet and id ... a knock on the door . he put the box in a closet on top of other , kick it close , open the front door to find a not unattractive woman in she 50' on he porch . cecilia hi . I think I would come over and say hello . I be cecilia . 85 int . cottage - day 85 cecilia regards blomkvist 's vanger family tree on the wall . wherever he only have a old photo , there 's a Post - it next to it that read : Recent photo ? insert of cecilia 's photo , take when she be a teenager , and a Post - it with she name on it . cecilia we be all uncomfortable with the idea of a chronicle of we family . 45 . 45 . blomkvist it 's not about the family . it 's about henrik and the company . cecilia like I say . blomkvist it 's not my intention to present a malicious portrait of anyone . cecilia unlike the one that land you in court . blomkvist unlike that one . correct . cecilia so , what you be say be , you be not really here to look into what happen to harriet . silence . then - blomkvist I can not ignore such a dramatic event , but no , that 's not by any mean my focus . cecilia so all that box gunner carte down here - which be where ? - in the closet now ? - be not henrik 's private investigation . ( blomkvist can not think fast enough to respond ) I wonder sometimes who 's crazier - my Nazi father or my obsessed uncle . insert of the photo of Young harald in he Nazi uniform on the wall . blomkvist since we be talk about it , since you bring it up , what be harriet like ? cecilia I be sure henrik have tell you . blomkvist he be my age then , and so could not know what be really go on with a teenager any more than I can with my own daughter . you be she age . 46 . 46 . cecilia actually , my sister anita be closer to she in age . insert of the photo on the wall of anita , take when she be about 17 year old . cecilia she know harriet better than anyone - certainly better than I do . you should talk to she . blomkvist I would love to , where be she . cecilia if I have to guess - London . blomkvist you do not know where you own sister life ? cecilia I have not see she in year . we never really get along . blomkvist I be get use to that comment . cecilia that 's the way it be when you be always after the same boy . blomkvist people generally get over that sort of thing at a certain point . cecilia oh , I be long over it , and will not ever have to worry about it again . she hate this place even more than I do . she leave , move to London and that be it . you could not pay she to send a Christmas card , much less visit . blomkvist I will try to track she down for you . cecilia do not bother . blomkvist for myself then . he smile . she study he . maybe he 's not so bad . 47 . 47 . cecilia if you do , and try talk to she about we , do not be surprised if she tell you to fuck off . 86 int . macjesus - day 86 a tech try to get beyond the dread blink " ? " on the laptop 's crack screen . tech you back up ? salander hard drive at home , yeah . tech that 's good . this one 's dead . 87 ext . macjesus - day 87 salander against the store window , cell phone to she ear . secretary V / o I be sorry , he 's book all day . salander it will take five minute . it 's important . secretary V / o hold , please . salander wait . watch people stare at she like they always do . the secretary come back on . secretary V / o Seven o'clock . 88 int . office build - stockholm - night 88 salander come past a janitor waxing a long , otherwise empty corridor . at the far end , she open she new guardian 's office door . 89 int . bjurman' office - night 89 as bjurman review a mcjesus invoice , salander wait . the thick atmosphere remind she of all the other she have sit in with school principal , shrink and cop . bjurman have you ever have a std ? ( nothing from she ) when 's the last time you be test for HIV ? ( more ) 48 . 48 . Dragon tattoo final 9/1/11 sz bjurman ( cont 'd ) ( nothing ) how many partner have you have in the last month ? ( nothing ) how many be man ? that last one seem to amuse he ; none amuse she . bjurman I be require to ask you this thing . it 's a matter of health . salander write down anything you want . bjurman sigh . set the form aside and look at the mcjesus invoice again . bjurman why do you need such a expensive computer ? salander for work . bjurman make coffee and sorting mail . salander I should not even have to ask . I should have control of my money like before . bjurman and you will . once you show I you can be sociable and get along with people . can you do that ? ( nothing from she ) shall we start with I ? ( pause ) shall we start now ? as he come around the desk , she eye a sharp letter opener stick out above some pen in a coffee mug a child have paint with the word , `daddy . ' bjurman if you be nice to I , I will be nice to you . that 's how normal people be . he stand in front of she , he crotch at she eye level . bjurman you have do this before . you know what to do . ( more ) 49 . 49 . bjurman ( cont 'd ) ( she do not do anything ) do you want this computer or not ? he take she hand and place it on the crotch of he trousers . bjurman you feel that ? that 's gaberdine . unzip they . ( she do ) and ... ( she tug at he underwear ) and ... ( she do not move ; he smile ) I like the reticence . I prefer a whore who pretend she be not . it 's almost convincing . he grab she hair and roughly pull she head toward he . 90 int . bjurman' office - later - night 90 salander eat some toothpaste in bjurman 's private bathroom . when she return to the office , she find he calmly write a check . bjurman here you go . as promise . he hold it out to she , but when she reach for it , pull it back a little . bjurman I know you be not think about tell anyone about we date . enjoy you computer game . she take the check and leave . 91 int . salander' apartment - later - night 91 she sit cross-legged in the dark . think . or plotting . the dragon tattoo visible on she bare back . 92 int . airline - in flight - day 92 blomkvist , who do not care for fly , pour two mini- bottle of vodka into a plastic cup . 93 ext . london - day 93 he spray binaca in he mouth . then , careful to look both way , cross the street to a investment bank . 50 . 50 . 94 int . office - investment bank - day 94 blomkvist approach a desk . the brass name plate on it read , anita vanger . blomkvist Excuse I . I be sure I should have make a appointment . anita it 's fine . please . have a seat . the accent be all british . she 's be here much longer than she home country . no trace of swedish anymore . he offer he hand - blomkvist I be mikael . anita mikael . how do you do . as he sit , she regards he a little more carefully ... anita you be look for investment counseling , mikael ? blomkvist I would if have any money to invest . anita Excuse I ? blomkvist I be write a biography of you uncle henrik . that 's why I be here . she stare at he . he wait for the response cecilia predict , but it do not come . 95 ext . cafe - london - day 95 they sit together at a little table on the sidewalk . anita how be henrik ? blomkvist good. engage . I like he . she do , too . 51 . 51 . Dragon tattoo final 9/1/11 sz anita I have not see he in over 30 year . or my sister . or anyone else in my family . blomkvist most of what I be write about predate that , so you recollection be valid . anita I would not know where to start , if that be a question . blomkvist I can narrow it . I have get up to the 1960s . to the event that alter everything in henrik 's life . anita harriet . ( he nod ) everything I know about that I tell to - whatever he name be - that policeman - when it happen . blomkvist morell . anita my recollection then be a lot better than they be now . blomkvist I be not speak of the crime itself . I be try to get a clearer sense of what harriet be like . particularly , toward the end . anita she be mess up . like all we vanger kid . crazy mother . drunken father . at least hers be not a Nazi like mine . blomkvist be he abusive ? anita mine ? blomkvist hers . 52 . 52 . anita I never see it myself , but you could tell something be go on . one day she would be withdraw . the next she would be put on makeup and wear the tightest sweater she have to school . the next she would be study a Bible like a nun - no vanger be ever religious - can you imagine ? obviously , she be very unhappy . blomkvist she never confide in you what about , specifically ? anita there be no specifically . it be everything . it be be part of that family . henrik 's the only decent person in it . blomkvist what do you think happen to she ? anita everyone know what . blomkvist but you have no ... thought about why , or who . anita all I know be I always feel sorry for she . even more than for myself . I get out of there when I be 18 and never go back . she would have do the same but do not make it to 18 . 96 ext . stockholm - day 96 salander , on a park bench , debate with herself if she want to make the call on the cell in she hand . she scroll to " NB " and hit send . it connect . salander Mr. bjurman , please . it 's lisbeth salander . ( the call be put through ) ... I be fine . I be sorry I miss we appointment . I have a lot of work ... no , nothing to be concerned about ... I need another advance on my allowance . can I come to you office tonight ? ... I do not need a pen , what 's the address ? 53. 53. 97 ext / int . hedeby island - taxi - moving - dusk 97 the taxi that first bring he here to the island , cross the bridge . again , blomkvist regards the Middle Eastern driver , who regards he in the rearview mirror . 98 ext . bjurman' apartment build - night 98 outside the building 's entrance with a backpack sling over she shoulder , salander press a apartment button . as she wait , she note there 's no security camera . bjurman o/ S yes ? salander it 's I . the door buzze . she push it open . 99 int . bjurman' apartment build - night 99 she move along a hallway with both purpose and dread . knock on he door ... it open , revealing he in a robe . bjurman come on in . 100 int . bjurman' apartment - continuous 100 she take in the layout quickly : live room , dining area , kitchen , short hallway to a close door . bjurman like it ? salander it 's nice . bjurman it 's home . ( pause ) so , what do you need money for this time ? Grand theft Auto 5 ? salander food . he smile . step toward she . lift she chin . bjurman how be you ? be think about last time ? decide you want to see I again ? 54 . 54 . salander I just want my money . bjurman well , let 's see if I can help you out with that . he walk to the hallway . she do not . he hold out he hand . she finally join he . as they step into the bedroom , he roughly push she toward the bed . salander wait . she put she backpack and leather jacket on a chair . sit on the edge of the bed . he stand over she . she know what she 's suppose to do , but seem unable to . bjurman be there a problem ? salander I just want to know , be I go to have to do this every time I need money to eat ? bjurman it 's so cute when you do that surly thing . take my hand she reach out to it and before she can react , there 's a handcuff around the wrist . he quickly cuff the other to he own wrist . this be bad . she try to get out . he get she in a strangle hold and choke she into unconsciousness . 100a int . bjurman' apartment - later - night 100 a she come to , on she stomach , see she wrist cuffed to the headboard post , she ankle secure to the foot post with silk tie , and scissors slice she jeans off . she start to scream and he stuff she mouth with she underwear . bjurman please . I have neighbor . he light a couple candle . switch on some New Age music . bjurman what we be go to do now be teach you the value of money . he watch she struggle . but she 's not go anywhere . he tear open a condom package with he tooth . 55 . 55 . bjurman I forget - do I ask you before if you like anal sex ? he cram a pillow under she stomach and climb on top of she . she keep fight but there 's not much she can do handcuff . eventually , she retreat to another place inside herself . she 's have to go here before in she life ; it 's the only place to go in such situation . 101 int . cottage - night 101 the cat turn its head to a sound blomkvist can not hear . he have harriet 's box of belonging out again and look at photo of she school friend in she wallet . then pick up the Bible . handwritten on the inside cover be harriet vanger . he open it at random . Hebrew : harriet V / o faith be the assurance of thing hope for , the evidence of thing not see . through faith we understand that the world be create by the word of God - and that what be see be not make of thing that be visible ... he set it down . rub he eye . everything - he daughter , he life , this cabin , the word of God - be depress . 101a int . bjurman' apartment - dawn 101a Dawn light outside the live room window . bjurman , at he dining table with a glass of orange juice , write out a check . in the bedroom , salander slip on she leather jacket , shoulder she backpack , hobble out to the live room . bjurman I will drive you home . salander I can get home on my own . bjurman be you sure ? it 's bizarre : he manner seem to be one of genuine concern . she nod . he hand she the check . then open the door for she like a perfect gentleman . bjurman so , next Saturday , here ? 56 . 56 . she nod . leave . the door close . 102 ext . stockholm - dawn 102 a lone figure hobble through the empty street . 103 int . salander' apartment - dawn 103 she set a check down . on the memo line he 's neatly write , " for food . " she take a bottle of water from the fridge and drink . 104 int . salander' apartment - dawn 104 shower water hit the dragon tattoo on she shoulder blade and run down past several other . by the time the water reach the drain it have turn red . 105 ext . hedeby island - day 105 come through tree with a bag of grocery , blomkvist see a BMW park outside he cottage . 106 ext . cottage - moment later - day 106 blomkvist tap on the car 's fogge - up driver 's window . a hand inside wipe at it , revealing erika . she lower it a crack . erika be it any warmer inside ? blomkvist no . 107 int . cottage - day 107 as he try to get some log in the fireplace go , use more page tear from one of he book , erika wrap herself in a blanket . the cat , who have no trouble with the cold , nap on the paperwork on the desk . blomkvist what have I miss besides you ? erika the steady exodus of two - third of we advertiser . blomkvist seriously ? erika be that hard to believe ? sitting up here in lappland with you cat ? 57 . 57 . blomkvist I be not . I be work . erika I can see . what she can see be the vanger research cover the wall and table surface , and that the thread of the family tree lead to a photograph of vanger at the top . blomkvist would you like to meet he ? erika maybe in about a hour . if you be interested . he be . 108 int . vanger manor - evening 108 vanger and Martin all but ignore blomkvist as they chat with erika over dinner . they seem charme by she . vanger I apologize if you be have financial problem at the magazine in mikael 's absence . erika we will work through they . vanger be you sure ? erika look at blomkvist , but he have not talk to they about this . martin how long do you think you can hang on ? six month or so ? erika that sound about right . vanger ( cheerfully ) you know , I use to be in the newspaper business . we own six daily back in the 50' . martin we still own one . the courier , here in town . 58 . 58 . vanger I let my nephew birger run it since he can not run anything else . erika nod politely . martin so what do you say to take on a partner ? erika we have never consider it before . we value we independence . martin you independence be dependant on advertiser - if we be be honest . however much you think that be , you would retain . we do not care about content . blomkvist suddenly feel like someone come late to a party . blomkvist Excuse I . do I miss something ? vanger we be talk about a investment in the magazine . blomkvist I gather . why would you want to do that ? martin not for the return , that 's for sure . vanger ( to erika ) I feel bad that I have take mikael away from you at the worst possible time . this be the right thing to do . the moral thing . that 's one reason . erika and . vanger the enemy of my friend be my enemy . I hate wennerstrom as much as you hate what he 's do to you . silence . vanger so what do you say ? 59 . 59 . erika half - shrug to say she will consider it . vanger be that a maybe ? she nod . vanger wonderful ! more wine , Anna . blomkvist look at erika , but she glance away to vanger . vanger I think mikael be adapt well to rustic life , by the way . erika have you see he try to make a fire ? vanger put the log on end , like this . he make a teepee shape with he hand , like praying . 109 int . cottage - later - night 109 erika light a teepee of log in the fireplace . blomkvist how long have you be discuss this with they ? erika I have not be . they ask I to come up yesterday . blomkvist why do not you tell I ? erika why would I . you live in the wood . blomkvist so I deserve to be treat like a idiot ? erika I want to hear what they have to say . you would have say no before they could . blomkvist I be say it now . it 's not a good idea . 60 . 60 . erika you hear I tell they we could hang on for six month . I be lie . without they money we will be out of business in three . blomkvist you do not know this family . they be crazy . erika we be not marrying into it . blomkvist we be if we do this . it 's exactly what we be do . erika you want to say no ? let 's say no . instead of 50 percent of something , let 's own 100 percent of nothing . the log crackle as flame climb they . she get up , come past he , unbuttone she shirt as she disappear into the bedroom . he stare at the fire . erika o/ S mikael ? blomkvist what . erika o/ S I be leave this god-forsaken island in the morning . blomkvist so ? erika so be you come to bed or not . 110 int . tattoo parlor - day 110 salander regards a selection of forearm tattoo : barb wire , celtic band , string of leave and flower . tattoo artist you think one arm or both ? salander wrist and ankle . but none of this . just a plain band , like handcuffs . 61 . 61 . tattoo artist it 's sensitive there . particularly the ankle . it 's gonna hurt . that do not bother she in the least . she roll up she sleeve and watch he ready the tattoo gun . salander how much do one of that cost ? television image : a bland financial announcer read the news . the graphic to the side of he be the distinctive v.i. logo of vanger industry . announcer petrochemical manufacturer vanger industry have acquire a control interest in millennium magazine which accord to analyst have be in financial trouble since last December when its cofounder mikael blomkvist be find guilty of libel against han - Erik wennerstrom - 111 int . millennium office - day 111 a news crew have cramme itself inside erika 's office , where a reporter interview she - erika we make a serious mistake last year , and we regret it . but we be move forward , and this be the first step . reporter 2 you would not say the first step be you sacking of Mr. blomkvist ? erika that 's inaccurate . read the original press release , viggo . I do not fire he . he 's on sabbatical . reporter 2 where . erika I be not sure , to be honest with you . 112 int / ext . cottage - day 112 he 's at he desk , the cat in he lap , review the album of photo take on the day harriet disappear . 62 . 62 . they be arrange chronologically , and vanger have note the approximate time of day of each . the first several be take on the manor grounds , by family member of each other . the next couple take in town of the parade . then dozen take on and around the bridge of the dramatic accident . he hear the sound and glance out to see a television news van drive toward vanger 's manor - 113 ext . vanger manor - day 113 a crew be set up in the yard by the water , interview henrik and Martin . under he suit jacket henrik wear a cheerful yellow shirt . birger unhappily look on . martin millennium be a excellent magazine . we also think it 's undervalue right now , which be good business for we . reporter 3 be any magazine really undervalue today . how many will be around tomorrow ? vanger there 's another reason . I do not like bully . reporter 3 be you refer to Mr. wennerstrom ? vanger I be refer to anyone who try to sue they enemy into submission . if Mr. wennerstrom would like to try it again , he will find himself fight a company that can afford to fight back . reporter 3 you be enjoy this . vanger already it 's the most fun I have have in year . 114 int . hardware store - stockholm - day 114 as a clerk ring up the item salander be buy - bright yellow duct tape and a plastic protective mask - she watch a shot on a tv here of wennerstrom be interview outside he office - 63. 63. wennerstrom on tv I have always admire henrik vanger . he 's a titan - and a gentleman . but he 's also quite old now - which may explain how he could be take in by a convict liar . the report segues to another story . the clerk hand salander she receipt . 115 int . salander' apartment - later 115 her hardware store purchase , along with some fresh dvd - R 's , a couple of plastic bottle of ink , and McDonald 's kid meal wrapper , sit by she laptop . she 's not type on its keyboard , but character be appear nonetheless as someone somewhere else , write a email : the from box read : h wennerstrom < hew@wg.com > the to box read : l jansson < ldj@sklaw.com - = " " < b= " " and= " " assholes= " " being= " " blomkvist= " " box= " " can= " " explain= " " fuck= " " go " " is= " " meet " " message , = " " on= " " please= " " read : = " " somebody= " " subject= " " the= " " thesen " " to= " " two= " " type : = " " vanger= " " what= " " which= " " with= " " >116 int . cottage - day - continued 116 </ldj@sklaw.com ></hew@wg.com >