for you consideration * original screenplay brad bird the incredible seat in front of a color back be a magnificent mask man in a superhero suit : early thirty , ruggedly handsome and powerfully build , he fiddle with a clip - on microphone . we be watch a fade documentary , shot in lémm . a title fade in , identify the man as mr. incredible . mr . incredible be this on ? ( mutter to himself ) I can break through wall but I can not get one of this thing on ... he finally get the clip secure and settles in . interviewer ( 0.s. ) so , Mr. incredible , do you have a secret identity ? incredible stop tinkering with the mic and look toward camera . he flash he patent megawatt smile . mr . incredible every superhero have a secret identity . I do not know a single one who do not . who want the pressure of be '' Super '' all the time ? title card : walt disney picture present resume documentary : another strike , mask superhero , a woman this time . a title identify she as elastigirl . elastigirl of course I have a secret identity . who have want to go shopping as elastigirl , you know what I mean ? title card : a pixar animation studio film resume documentary : yet another superhero , sleek , black , dress in a ice- blue suit . super title : frozone . frozone Super lady always want to tell you they secret identity ; think it all strengthen the relationship or something . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : frozone ( cont 'd ) I say , " girl , I do not want to know about you mild - mannered alter ego or anything like that . you tell I you nre '' Super mega ultra lightn Babe '' ... that 's awright with I . I be good , I be good . mr . incredible no matter how many time you save the world , it always manage to get back in jeopardy again . sometimes I just want it to stay save for a little bit . I feel like the may : '' I just clean up this mess , can we keep it clean for ten minute ?? please . ( laugh , then sigh ) sometimes I think I would just like the simple life , you know ? relax a little , raise a family ... elastigirl settle down ? be you kid ? I be at the top of my game , I be right up there with the big dog . I mean can ’mon ! leave save the world to the man ? I do not think so . ( laugh , pause ) I do not think so ... fade to bla title : the incredible municiberg - street - moving ~ late afternoon siren wail . light flash . we nre in the middle of a classic car chase : a police car in hot pursuit of anothe car drive by armed bank robber . the robber riding shotgun prime he submachine gun and unload on the cop car , which swerve into oncoming traffic to avoid the hail of bullet . inside another car - not far away bob parr , a dash , golden -haire man in he late twenty listen to he radio . if he look familiar , it 's because he be the same man we see earlier : mr. incredibl san mask and supersuit . suddenly the music be interrupt by a announcer -- ( continue continued : radio we interrupt for a important bulletin : a deadly high - speed pursuit between Police and armed gunman be underway , travel northbound on San Pablo boulevard . Bob press a button . the radio flip : convert to a screen fill with a move aerial map of the city street . he type in '' isolate pursuit '' . 2 red dot appear , move quickly over the map . he make a hard right turn . look at the screen . a tiny '' i " icon ( Mr. incredible 's logo ) close in on the 2 red dot . he check he watch - ~ bob I have get time . -- and press another button : '' autodrive '' and type in '' merge pursuit '' . Bob take he hand off the wheel and a rapid series of automated action begin : the seat back drop flat , the passenger seat fold against the window as the driver 's seat slide to the center . Bob raise he arm as metal band lock around he waist , then separate , slide apart toward he head and he toe , remove he clothes to reveal he slick , brightly color mr . incredible supersuit underneath ... he press another button : the car 's exterior convert into the coolest retro-futuristic vehicle ever see : the incredibile . mr. incredible look up : through the windshield we see a old lady wave we down . old lady Mr. incredible ! oh ~- mr. incredible ! residential STREET Mr. incredible pull up . his window whooshes open . mr . incredible what be it , ma ’am ? old lady ( point to tree ) my cat squeaker win not come down . ( continued ) continued : incredible glance at he screen : the pursuit be head he way . he think , make some quick calculation , then -- mr . incredible certainly , ma ’am . but I suggest you stand clear , there could be trouble . old lady oh no , he 's quite tame -- resume pursuit - same moment the cop car pull back in behind the robber ' car . the cop be fire now and close in . incredible & the cat tree nervously check the pursuit on he video screen , incredible rip the tree out of the ground . he tip it , lean it across to the lady just as the car chase squeal into view at the end of the block . incredible see this and hastily shake the tree , try to dislodge the cat . intercut the car chase . the car swerve into view now , border the park that incredible be in . incredible sees they and shake the cat harder . chase car close in . incredible . car chase . the cat . chase . cat -~ one final shake : squeaker drop into the old lady 's hand . incredible raise the tree up and slam it down on the hood of the crook 's car , squashing it like a bug . later incredible tamp down the loose dirt at the base of the freshly replant tree and smile at he admirer . cop # 1 thank you , Mr. incredible , you have do it again . cop # 2 yeah , you be the best . mr . incredible I be just here to help . radio attention ! we have a tour bus robbery in the vicinity of paradise and solano -- ( continued ) continued : incredible frowns and look at he watch . he make a calculation , mutter to himself . mr . incredible I have still get time . ( give each admirer a nod ) officer , ma'am ... '' squeaker . '' he jump into the incredibile and be startle to find a pudgy kid wear a mask and a homemade superhero costume sit in the passenger seat . mr . incredible ( cont ’d ) who be you suppose to be ? boy well ... I be incrediboy ! Mr. incredible stare warily at the awkwardly costume kid . he 's start to look familiar ... bob no , no . you be that kid from the fan club . b... bro~phy , Bud ... buddy ! buddy ?? buddy ( frown ) my name be incrediboy ! bob look , I have be nice . I have stand for photo , sign every scrap of paper you have push at I , but this be a bit -- buddy you do not hafta worry about training I , I know all you move , you crime - fight style , favorite catchphrase , everything ! I be you number one fan ! the passenger door whooshes open and '' incrediboy '' be eject from the car . incredible fire the afterburner and peel off , leave buddy stand alone . CITY rooftop - minute later a trail of steal goods scattered across a rooftop lead we to a thief . he mutter to himself as he root through a steal purse , disregard some item , stuff other into he pocket . a shadow loom on the wall behind he . mr . incredible ( 0.s. ) you know ~ - ( continued ) continued : the snatcher look up . incredible grin . mr . incredible ( cont ’d ) ~- you can tell a lot about a woman by the content of she purse . but maybe that 's not what you have in mind ... incredible close in on he . the snatcher drop the purse , pull a gun . a arm suddenly stretch into frame and deliver a right cross to the snatcher 's jaw - ~ knock he out cold . incredible look up and see a dazzle masked woman in a equally dazzle suit . she smile . mr . incredible ( cont 'd ) elastigirl . elastigirl Mr. incredible . elastigirl move to the snatcher , begin to pick he up -- mr . incredible it 's alright . I have get he . elastigirl sure you have get he . I just take he out for you . mr . incredible sure you take he out . his attention be on I . elastigirl a fact I exploit in order to do my job . mr . incredible my job , you mean . elastigirl a simple '' thank you '' will suffice . mr . incredible thanks , but I do not need any help . elastigirl assess he . slowly move closer . elastigirl what ever happen to '' lady first '' ? mr . incredible what ever happen to '' equal treatment '' ? ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) crook ( vegain consciousness ) hey , look ... the lady get I first . elastigirl coldcock the crook with one stretch punch . blastigirl we could share , you know . mr . incredible I work alone . elastigirl smile , move very close to incredible . elastigirl well . I think you need to be more -- in one fluid motion she loops around he body , suddenly behind he and before he can turn -- back in front again . elastigirl ( cont ’d ) ~- flexible . mr . incredible ( dazzle ) you do anything later ? elastigirl I have a previous engagement . she make a little stutter step to the edge of the roof and jump , flip , loop and stretch across the rooftop like a liquid cat , disappear into the set sun . mr. incredible let out a low whistle . that . be a woman . moment later incredible handcuffs the purse-snatcher to a pipe . mr. incredible now you just stay right here . they usually pick up the garbage in a hour . frozone ( 0.s. } hey , incredible ! incredible turn . a helicopter sweep past , machine gun blaze back towards its pursuer . frozone swoops down , hot on its tail , surfing a sheet of ice that materialize in he path . ( continued ) continued : mr . incredible frozone ! frozone leap , grab on to one of the chopper 's skid . frozone should not you be get ready ?! incredible frown , glance at he watch . he yell at the retreate copter . mr . incredible hey , I have still get time ! offsccreen a woman scream - ~ woman ( 0.s. ) he’s go to jump !! incredible run to the edge of the building and look down . a large crowd be gather on the street below . incredible follow they upwards gaze to the roof of a skyscraper , where a man stand poise to jump -- -- then doe . incredible quickly gage distance , and then dive off the edge , make a spectacular leap -- high above the STREET -- and tackle the jumper in mid-air . they crash through a enormous window on the far side ~ - inside bank build - lobby area +- and tumble to the floor in a shower of glass . safe . jumper my collarbone -- I think you break it ... mr . incredible with counseling , I think you will come to forgive I . ( sense something ) wait a minute ... Mr. incredible slide the jumper over to a desk and prop he up against it . his acute sense turn he attention to the hallway , toward the elevator . as he follow he ear we become aware of a sound : a tiny series of regular beeps . incredible locate a spot on the wall and press one ear against it . the beeps accelerate . Bob start to push away and -- ( continued ) continued : ~-booooooom ! the hallway be fill with smoke and debris . a silhouette emerge from the newly blow hole in the wall ; a tall , rangy man in a mime costume carry two stuff duffle bag . he survey the scene with a wick smile . a vault door be embed into the wall directly opposite the hole . it move aside , revealing incredible behind it , daze but unharme . he see the mime and growls . mr . incredible ( cont ’d ) bomb voyage ! bomb voyage {in french , subtitle ) Mr. incredible ! voice and -- incrediboy ! both Mr. incredible and voyage turn and stare in disbelief at the kid , who awkwardly fly over to they . bomb voyage '' incrediboy '' ...? buddy be not you curious about how I get around so fast ? see , I have this rocket boot , they be make from -- bob go home , buddy . now . bomb voyage ( in french , subtitle ) Little oaf ! buddy can we talk ? ( he take Bob aside ) you always always tell people , '' be true to yourseif , '' but you never say which part of yourself to be true to ! well , I have finally figure out who I be and I be you ward . incrediboy ! bob and now you have officially carry it too far , buddy . there be a ugly flash in buddy 's eye . ( continued } | 10 . continued : ( 2 ) buddy it 's because I do not have power , be not it ? not every hero have power , you know ! you can be Super without they -- ( be : he rocket boot ) I invent this . I can fly ! can you fly ? mr . incredible fly home , buddy . I work alone . bomb voyage {in french , subtitle ) yes ! and you outfit be ridiculous ! buddy just give I one chance . i'1l show you , I will go get the police -- as buddy jog to the shattered window , incredible see that voyage have clipped a SMALL bomb onto buddy 's cape . mr . incredible buddy ~ - don ’t --! buddy it all only take a second , really ! mr . incredible ( take off after he ) no -~ stop ! there 's a bomb -- he grab buddy 's cape just as '' incrediboy " take off , take incredible with he . above municiberg ~ moving - night incredible & the boy rocket wildly out of control , spraying spark in every direction , Mr. I grab at the cape desperately for the bomb . buddy let go ! you be wreck my flight pattern ! let go of my cape ! you be gonna rip iti ! incredible finally grab hold of the bomb and fling it free . both he and the bomb fall onto the elevate train track below . the bomb explode , blow away a large section of track . incredible groggily look up : a train be come . and head straight for the section of track that be no longer there . ( continued ) il . continued : @ incredible set he jaw and start run toward the oncoming train , leaping the chasm to intercept the train before it get there . he pull up and plant himself . the expression on he face say it all : this be go to hurt . the train hit -- Mr. incredible take the full impact . Rail tie break behind incredible 's foot , spraying in all direction as incredible -- miraculously -- wrestle the train to a stop . street below trestle ~ later Police and paramedics have arrive , cordon off the accident scene and treat the injure . Mr. incredible hand buddy over to the police . mr . incredible take this one home , and make sure he mom know what he 's be do ... buddy I could help you ! you be make a mistake - be the cop shove buddy into the backseat of they car . mr . incredible the injure jumper -- you send paramedics ? cop they have already pick he up . mr . incredible the blast in that building be cause by bomb voyage who I catch in the act of robbing the vault . we might be able to nab he if we set up a perimeter -- cop you mean he get away ?? mr. incredible buddy well , yeah . skippy here incrediboy ! make sure of that . mr. incredible ( to buddy ) you be not affiliate with I ! e a tiny alarm sound . incredible check he wristwatch . ( continued ) 12 . continued : mr . incredible ( cont ’d ) Holy smoke ... I be late . listen , I have gotta be somewhere -- he signal the incredibile with a remote . it roar into view , squeal to a stop next to he . cop but .... what about bomb voyage - ~? mr . incredible ( climb into the car ) any other night I have go after he myself but I have really gotta go . do not worry -- we will get he -- eventually !! he fire the afterburner . the cop watch in dismay as the incredibile roar off . a downtown cathedral the incredibile pull up in front , converting back into a sedan . inside cathedral lobby Mr , incredible enter , dress smartly in a tux , fumble with he tie . lucius best / frozone you be very late . bob /mr . incredible be the night still young ? how do I look ? his best man lucius ( aka frozone ) stop he before he ... lucius / frozone the mask ! you have still get the mask -- best reach up and pull off he Mr. incredible mask . Bob take a deep breath and push open the chapel door -- bob /mr . incredible showtime --! chapel Bob the Groom stand at the altar with he bride , helen , who we quickly realize be also elastigirl . ( continued ) 13 . continued : reverend Robert Golden , do you take helen truax to be you lawful wedd wife ... ( etc. ) helen / elastigirl ( low , to Bob ) cut it kind of close , don’ cha think ? bob /mr . incredible you need to be more ... '' flexible . '' helen / elastigirl I love you , but if we be go to make this work , you have gotta be more than Mr. incredible . you know that , do not you ? reverend ( conclude vow ) -- as long as you both shall live ? bob /mr . incredible I do . they kiss . a crowd of superheroe cheer from the pews . helen as long as we both shall live . no matter what happen . bob we be superhero . what could happen ? video footage : a anchorwoman report from a news desk . a chyron display the visage of mr . incredible . newswoman in a stun turn of event , a superhero be be sue for save someone who , apparently , do not want to be save . the plaintiff , Oliver sansweet , who be foil in he attempt suicide by Mr. incredible , have file suit against the fame superhero in superior court . film footage : outside the courthouse sansweet 's lawyer stand next to he on the crowded front step , and speak to a cluster of reporter . lawyer Mr. sansweet do not ask to be save , Mr. sansweet do not want to be save . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 , continued : lawyer ( cont 'd ) and the injury receive from Mr. incredible 's action cause he daily pain . the crowd stir as a business - suite mr . incredible appear and point a threaten finger at sansweet . mr . incredible sansweet I save you life ! you ruin my death ! mr . incredible incredible’s attorney listen you little piece of -- ( cut he off ) my client have no further comment at this time ! film footage : shot of the train accident scene . narrator five day later , another suit be file by the victim of the el-train accident . film footage : shot of a courtroom fill with neck - brace train - wreck victim . a lawyer go through he pace , often gesture toward a glower mr . incredible . narrator ( cont 'd ) incredible 's court loss cost the i government million , and open the : floodgates for dozen of similar lawsuit i against superhero the world over . a series of spinning newspaper headline describe the succession of lawsuit bring against superhero : '' dynaguy sue ! '' , '' ' super 's damage ! " , '' x-ray vision peeping tom ? '' irate taxpayer demonstrate , wave placard that read : '' no more super bailout ! '' , '' super expensive ! '' , etc . film footage : a congressman address he colleague from the floor of the House of Representatives . congressman it be time for they secret identity to become they only identity . time for they to join we , or go away . narrator ( v.0 . ) under tremendous public pressure and the erush financial burden of a ever - mount series of lawsuit , the government quietly initiate the superhero relocation Program . ( continued ) 4 | | 15 . continued : film footage : superheroe exiting the public stage -- as they wave goodbye ( ala Nixon ) , duck into car in a shower of pop flashbulb , cheer by supporter , jeer by opponent , etc . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) the super would no longer be hold accountable for past action in exchange for a promise to never again resume hero work . where be they now ? film footage : a throng of people mill about the city street in diverse anonymity . narrator ( cont ‘'d ) they be live among we , live as we do , average citizen , average heroes , quietly and anonymously continue to make the world a better place ... the music crescendo as camera lift up to the horizon and the sun stream through the cloud . CUT to : extreme closeup : a insurance form a stamp slam down , leave the word '' denied '' in red ink . int . insuricare insurance company - bob 's cubicle - day a small , frail woman in she mid seventies name muriel hogenson -- blink in shock . hogenson '' denied '' ? you be deny my claim ? her claim adjuster bob parr look up . he look familiar . fade in title : fifteen year later it 's none other than mr . incredible himself , now bald , sixty - four pound heavier and dress in a too-tight white collar shirt . hogenson sit across from he , bewilder and upset . hogenson ( cont ’d ) I do not understand . I have full coverage . bob I be sorry , Mrs. hogenson , but we liability be spell out in paragraph 17 -- ( continued } 16 continued : hogenson I can not pay for this ... bob ( phone ring , he answer ) Excuse I . claim , Bob parr . intercut : helen inside parr home - kitchen - same time helen parr chat amiably as she bathes she happy toddler jack - jack in the sink of they airy , ranch - style kitchen . her hairstyle have change , she hip have widen a little , but motherhood have agree with she , and little else have change from she elastigirl day . a stack of empty moving box be stack haphazardly near the door . helen I be call to celebrate a momentous occasion . we be now officially move in . intercut with bob bob that 's great , honey . and the last three year do not count because ... helen because I finally unpack the last box . now it 's official . why do we have so much junk ? bob listen , honey , I have get a client here -- helen say no more , go save the world one policy at a time , honey . I gotta go pick up the kid from school . see you tonight . bob bye , honey . ( hang up , turn to hogenson ) Excuse I , where be we ? hogenson ( beginning to weep ) I '' on a fix income . if you can not heip I , I do not know what I ’1l1 doi Bob stare at she , empathize completely . he stand up and lean out of he cubicle , look down the hallway in both direction , make sure the coast be clear . ( continued ) 17 . continued : bob alright . listen closely . I would like to help you , but I can not . he hand she a pen and a pad of paper . he lean closer , he voice low ... bob ( cont 'd ) I would like to tell you to take a copy of you policy to Norma wilcox on the -- he stop and look up . she 's stare at he blankly , completely puzzle . Bob reach over and tap she pad . suddenly understanding , she begin to scribble ... bob ( cont ’d ) ~- Norma wilcox , w-i-l-c -0 - X on the third floor . but I can not . I would advise against ask she for a ws-2475 form , which you should not fill out and file with a man name Oliver Jenkins in we legal department on the seventh floor . I would not expect someone to get back to you quickly to resolve the matter . I would like to help . ( he give she a little smile ) but there 's nothing I can do . woman oh ... thank y-- bob ( interrupt loudly ) I be sorry , ma ’am . I know you be upset . ( low whisper ) pretend you be upset . understand , she smile , stand up , and exit weep . Bob grin ; he 's beat the system . the old lady be go for a total of six second when Bob 's supervisor gilbert huph enter . huph , a anal , micromanage little troll with a loud voice , throw a folder on Bob 's desk . huph parr ! you authorize payment on the Walker policy ?? bob someone break into they house , Mr. huph . they policy clearly cover they against -- {continued ) 18 continued : ( 2 ) huph ( interrupt ) I do not want to know about they coverage , Bob ! do not tell I about they coverage ! tell I how you be keep insuricare in the black ! tell I how that 's possible with you write check to every Harry hardluck and Sally sobstory that give you a phone call !! huph leave . Bob stand there impotently , then sit . knock he pencil holder over . principal' office - adam school - day helen enter , and see she son dash ( age 10 , bionde hair ) sit hunch in a chair . before he be two man , dash 's teacher bernie kropp -~ bald , tense , and look older than he 36 year , and the school 's principal . principal I appreciate you come down here so quickly , Mrs. parr . helen enter and take a seat . dash stare at the floor . helen what 's this about ? have dash do something wrong ? kropp he 's a disruptive influence . and he openly mock I in front of the class . dash he say . kropp I know it 's youl ! {to helen ) he put thumbtack on my stool ! helen you see he do this ?? kropp well ... not be - - no , actually not . helen then how do you know it be he ? kropp I hide a camera . this time I have get he ! ( continued } 19 . continued 's kropp slip a disc out of he jacket and into a machine hook up to a tv monitor . dash react ; he do not expect this . helen see this , shoot dash a sharp look . in the video : kropp approach he stool and sit . suddenly he jump up in pain . the student laugh . kropp whirl to the adult in the room expectantly . kropp ( cont 'd ) see ?? ( get no response ) what , you do not see it ? he be meet with blank stare . with a exasperate sound , kropp replays the video , pausing it , and point to a still - seat dash . kropp ( cont ’d ) he move !! right there ! right as I be sit down ! I do not know how he do it - kropp forward and rewind ; back and forth . though dash 's image do '' pop '' a bit , he remain clearly in he seat . kropp ( cont ’d ) ~- but there 's no tack on my stool before he move and after he move there 's a tack ! coincidence ? I think not !! helen jerk she head toward kropp , give the principal a '' you see he 's crazy , do not you ? '' look . he turn to kropp -- principal kropp bernie ... do not '' bernie '' I ! this little rat be guilty !! principal ( to helen ) you and you son can go now , Mrs. parr . I be sorry for the trouble ... helen give the principal a thin smile and hustle dash from the room , leave kropp apoplectic . kropp you be let he go again ? he 's guilty ! you can see it on he smug little face !!! guilty guilty guilty !! nooooo ! inside helen 's car - moving dash stare out the window in angry silence , watch the tree go by . helen look at he and soften . {continued } continued : 20 helen dash . this be the third time this year you have be send to the office . you need to find a better outlet . a more constructive outlet . dash maybe I could . if you have let I go out for sport . helen honey . you know why we can not do that . dash but I promise I ' 1l slow up ! in 1l only be the best by a little bit ... helen dashiell Robert parr , you be a incredibly competitive boy . and a bit of a show-off . the last thing you need be temptation . dash you always say , '' do you best , '' but you do not really mean it . why can not I do the best that I can do ? helen right now , honey , the world just want we to fit in . and to fit in we must be like everyone else . dash but dad always say we power be nothing to be ashamed of , we power make we special . helen ( wearily ) everyone 's special , dash ... dash which be another way of say no one be . ext . western view junior high - day shy , insecure violet parr ( 14 ) wait nervously behind a hedge near the front entrance . the bell sound , signalin the end of the school day . violet turn toward the door - ( continued ) 21 . continued : ~~- as it swing open , and out step tony rydinger , handsome , confident and crush -worthy . he pause and be immediately surround by friend . as tony descend the step with he pal , toss cool nod at flirty girl , he pass by violet , who peer at he over the top of some bush . he stop , aware of be watch , and look back --~ sre 's not there . another angle from the other side of the bush reveal : violet 's clothes hang in mid-air -- with no head . tony look directly at the empty space where violet 's head should be and , see nothing , give up and walk away . violet 's head reappear ... blush . she touch she burn cheek . violet he look at I ...! a car horn honk offscreen . violet hustle across the expansive lawn , through the sea of boy and girl together , to she mother 's wait station wagon . ext . malango freeway - late afternoon Cars stretch off into infinity , idling and immobile . it 's the traffic jam from hell , and right in the middle of it , squeeze into a scruffy car many size too small , sit Bob , try not to be angry . ext . parr home - later a pleasant , unexceptional home in a neighborhood full of pleasant , unexceptional home . Bob 's car pull into the driveway , the engine sputtering a long time before finally expire with a tired gasp . Bob step out and slip on a skateboard leave in the driveway . he fall backward , grab the roof of the car to steady himself . he push the skateboard away , mutter darkly , and notice that he 's inadvertently crumpled the roof with he super-grip . bob ohhh , great . he decide to let it go , push the door close . it will not go . he try again , a little harder this time . no go . he slam the door close , shatter the window . ( continued } 22 . continued : Bob lose it . he seize the car , lift it overhead as if readying to fling it over the far horizon and stop -- - ~a five - year- old neighbor kid on a Big wheel tricycle , rusty mcallister , stare on in SHOCK and awe . frozen with the car overhead , Bob stare back ... then set he car down on the driveway and ease into he house as if nothing have happen . int . parr dine room - night helen spoon baby food into the mouth of jack - jack ( with all the facial '' English '' know to parent ) , most of which Jack - Jack squeeze back out onto he chin ... where it be adeptly catch on helen 's spoon and reintroduce into the baby 's mouth . dash Mom , you be make weird face again . helen ( spoon , make a weird face ) no , I be not ... bob you make weird face , honey . helen ( notice Bob 's newspaper ) do you have to read at the table ? bob uh huh . yeah . helen sigh . she turn she attention to dash , who be wrestle with a uncut slab of steak . helen smaller bite , dash ! Bob , could you help the carnivore cut he meat ? Bob sigh , put down the paper , grab a knife and fork , reach over to dash 's plate , and begin to cut he meat . helen ( cont ’d ) dash ? you have something you want to tell you father about school ? dash uh ... well , we dissect a frog ...? helen dash get send to the office again . ( continued ) continued : 23 . bob ( cut , not listen ) good ... good ... helen no Bob , that 's bad . bob what ? helen dash get send to the office again . bob what for ? dash nothing . helen he put a tack on the teacher 's chair . during class . dash nobody see I . you could barely see it on the tape . bob they catch you on tape and you still get away with it ? whoa ... you must have be book ! how fast do you think you be -- helen Bob , we be not encourage this -- bob I '' not encourage , I be just ask how fast he be -- helen honey ! ! a loud crack be hear . Bob stop cut ; realize that he 's saw right through the table with he dinner knife . bob oh , great . first the car and now I gotta pay to fix the table ~ - relen the car ? what happen to the car ? {continued } 24 . continued : ( 2 ) Bob rise , give dash he plate of food and exit into the kitchen . bob I be get a new plate . helen ( to vi , force cheerful ) what about you , vi ? how be school ? violet ( shrug ) nothing to report . helen you have hardly touch you food . violet I be not hungry for meatloaf . helen well , it be leftover night . we have steak , pasta - - what be you hungry for ? dash tony rydinger ... violet shut up ! dash violet well , you be ! I say shut up , you little insect ! dash well , she be ! helen do not shout at the table ! ( to Bob ) honey --? bob ( 0.s. , disinterested ) kid , listen to you mother . dash and violet swap glare . all resume eat . then -- dash she would eat if we be have tonyloaf . violet that's it -- 1 ! ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 3 ) violet lunge across the table , vanishing ( save for she clothes ) . they wrestle . dash escape , racing around the table in a blur , slapping at the back of vi 's head before crash into a force field she throw in he path . dash violet ow !! no force field !! you start it !! helen stop it ! dash ! violet ! helen 's arm stretch across the table as she struggle to keep the kide apart . Jack - Jack laugh , loving the chaos . inside the kitchen oblivious to the melee , Bob get a new plate from the cupboard , still peruse the newspaper . the headline read : '' paladino missing '' . with it be a photo of a lean , strike man , early forty , sport wraparound sunglass and a full head of blonde hair . bob ( v.0. , reading ) Simon J. paladino , long a outspoken advocate of superhero rights , be miss . nmutter to himself ) gazerbeam ...? helen ( 0.s. ) Bob ?? it 's time to engagei ! do something ! Bob snap out of it , turn toward the dining room . resume dine room Bob enter --~ startle to see the chaos . helen do not just stand there ! I need you to intervene ! bob okay ~ - I be intervene , I be intervening ! Bob hoist the dinner table and everyone with it over he head . dash and vi dangle from helen 's tangle arm and continue to scrap . Jack - Jack shriek happily . the doorbell ring . everyone freeze , then quickly resume they original '' quiet dining '' position . dash answer the door . ( continued } 26 . continued : lucius best ( aka frozone ) stand in the doorway , look sharp in a leather jacket . like helen , he too have weathered the post - superhero year well . dash hey , lucius ! frozone hey , speedo ... hey , helen -- bob Ice of you to drop by ! frozone ( sarcastic ) hah . never hear that one before -- dash ( mouth full of water ) hey , lucius ! lucius turn to see dash spurt a mouthful of water into the air . best 's hand flash out ; the air crack with a sudden chill and the water freeze solid . lucius leap , catch the ice before it hit the ground . dash sink back , disappointed . dash ( cont 'd ) aww . I like it when it shatter . bob ( grab he coat , bowl bag ) I will be back later . helen where be you two go ? bob it 's Wednesday . helen ( remember ) bowl night. ( resign ) say hello to honey for I , lucius . frozone will do . goodnight , helen . night , kid ! Bob and lucius exit , close the front door behind they . helen turn to dash . ( continued } 27 . continued : ( 2 ) helen do not think that you have avoid talk about you trip to the principal 's office , young man . you father and I be still go to discuss it . dash I be not the only kid who 's be send to the office , y'know . helen other kid do not have superpower . now it 's perfectly normal for you to feel -- violet normal ? what do you know about normal ? what do anyone in we family know about normal ? the only normal one be Jack ~ Jack . helen now , wait a minute , young lady -- violet we act normal ! I want to be normal ! the only normal one be Jack - Jack , and he 's not even toilet - train ! buoyed by hearing he name , Jack - Jack gleefully spit a mouthful of baby food onto he bib and crack up . dash lucky . ( off vi 's and helen 's look ) uh , I mean about be normal . inside lucius ‘s car - CITY street - minute later Bob and lucius sit in lucius 's large , comfortable sedan , which be park in a run-down city neighborhood . a portable police scanner sit on the dashboard , volume low , occasionally interrupt he story . frozone +, .. so now I be in deep trouble , I mean one more jolt of this death ray and I be a epitaph . somehow I manage to find cover and what do Doctor toxic do ? bob ( laugh ) he start monologue -- ( continued } 28 continued : frozone he start monologuing ! he start , like , this prepare speech about how feeble I be compare to he , how inevitable my defeat be , how the world will soon be he yadda yadda yadda ~ - bob -~- yammerin 's -- frozone yammerin '!! I mean , the guy have I on a platter and he will not shut up ! scanner six one sam , eight municiberg ... ( police response ) go ahead . ( dispatch ) ... possible 2356 in progress at 115 weatherford Way -- Bob turn up the volume , suddenly intense . bob 2356 . what be that -- robbery ? frozone this be just sad . bob yeah , robbery . wanna catch a robber ? frozone fall the truth , I no rather go bowl . what if we actually do what we wife think we be do , for a change ? ext . lucius 's car widen to reveal : the silhouette of a woman watch Bob and lucius from the driver 's seat of a black sport car , discreetly park in a dark alley . she lower she binocular and speak into a headset . mirage he 's not alone . the fat guy 's still with he . they be just talk ... resume frozone & bob frozone what be we doin’ here , Bob ? ( continued ? wee 29 . continued ; bob we be protect people . frozone nobody ask we . bob you need a invitation ? frozone I have like one , yes . we keep sneaking out to do this and -- nstop , think ) ~~remember gazerbeam ? he have trouble adjust to civilian life , too . bob yeah , there be something about he in the paper . when be the last time you see he ? frozone I do not see anyone from the old day , Bob . just you . we be push we luck as it be . it be fun the first time , but we keep doin’ this and - ~ the scanner squawks suddenly - ~ scanner we have a report of a fire at fourth and elias . bob a fire ! we be close ! yeah , baby !! Bob pull a ski mask over he face . shake he head at he own complicity , lucius do likewise . frozone ~- we be gonna get catch . he start the car and u-turn toward the fire . CITY street - night - continuous Bob 's enthusiastic shout echo off the darken building as the sedan peel off ... follow , a beat later , by the mysterious blonde in the black sport car . 30 int . apartment build ~ minute later a raging inferno . Bob descend the burn step , stop in the hallway . both he and frozone carry several pass - out apartment dweller on they shoulder . lucius be that everybody ? bob yeah , that 's everyone ! the building be beginning to collapse . they be trap with no way out . frozone try to ice the burn wall , but he ray be weak and ineffective . bob ( cont ’d ) can not you put this out ? lucius I can not lay down a layer thick enough !! it 's evaporate too fast !! bob what ? what 's that mean ? lucius means it 's hot and I '' dehydrated , Bob ! bob you be out of ice ??! you can not run out of ice ! I think you could use the water in the air ! lucius there be no water in this air ! what 's you excuse ?? run out of muscle ? bob I can not just go smash through wall ! the building 's get weaker by the second ! it 'il come down on top of we !! lucius I want to go bowl !!! a large chunk of ceiling smashes to the floor in a burn heap . Bob look around nervously , then fix he gaze toward the door . he shift he stack of unconscious victim to one shoulder and look at lucius . ( continued ) 31 . continued : bob alright . stay right on my tail , this be go to get hot ! Bob begin a shout that get louder as he run into the burn hallway , lucius a half - step behind he . traveling with bob & lucius as they race through the flame with they unconscious load . suddenly a brick wall appear . Bob pick up speed and lower he free shoulder into it . the heroes and they rescue smash through the wall just as the building behind they collapse . Bob , frozone and the pile of near-victim be save . a alarm sound . Bob & frozone realize they be -- inside a jewelry store a rookie cop spy the masked men and draw he pistol . frozone spy a water cooler . he grab a paper cup . rookie cop freeze ! lucius I be thirsty . lucius move the cup under the tap . the jittery rookie cock he pistol 's hammer . rookie cop I say freeze ! lucius I be just get a drink ... his eye fix on the cop , lucius slooowwwly bring the cup to he lip and drink . his face become serene . rookie cop alright ! you have have you drink ! now I want you to -- lucius I know , I know ... lucius drop the cup , raise he hand in front of he . lucius ( cont ’d ) ... " freeze . '' ( continued ) 32 . continued : a frigid blast split the air . on the STREET outside 2 fire truck and a police car screech , have arrive in front . hear the alarm , two veteran cop bust into the ~ - inside jewelry store - continuous drawing they gun , the cop be stop by a bewilder sight : --a recover heap of rescue fire victim at the base ef a enormous hole in the wall . stand watch over they be the rookie , stunne and blink under a layer of ice . a back alleyway ~ same time Bob and lucius jump into lucius 's car , pull off they ski mask . frozone that be way too close . we be not do that again . they drive out of frame , revealing : a black sport car hide in another alley behind . at the wheel be a beautiful , mysterious woman with platinum blonde hair . she watch they drive off . radio verify you want to switch target ? over . woman trust I . this be the one he 's be look for ... live room - night Bob enter quietly through the kitchen , pause in the kitchen long enough to nab the remain hunk of chocolate cake . humming pleasantly as he chew , he move into the live room when a voice come out of the dark -- helen' voice you say you would be back by eleven . Bob freeze . a light snap on . a chair swivel around -- it 's helen , wear she robe and a peeve expression . bob I say I would be back later . ( continued ) 33 . continued : helen I assume you would be back later . if you come back at all , you have be '' back later . '' bob well ... I '' back . okay ? Bob move to go , but helen 's leave arm stretch and stop he , pluck a small , dusty fragment of concrete off he coat . she cross to he , catch up with she hand . helen be this ... rubble ? bob ( defensive ) it be just a little workout , just to stay loose -- helen you know how I feel about that , Bob ! darn you !! we just get settle ! we can not blow cover again !! bob -- the building be come down anyway -- helen wha - -? you knocked down a build ?? bob it be on fire ! structurally unsound ! it be come down anyway ! helen tell I it 's not the police scanner again - bob I perform a public service . you act like that 's a bad thing ! helen it be a bad thing , Bob !! uproot we family , again , because you have to relive the glory day be a very bad thing !! bob hey , relive the glory day be better than act like they do not happen !! helen yes ! they happen . but this , we family , be what 's happen now , Bob ! ( more ) ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) helen ( cont 'd ) and you be miss this ! I can not believe you do not want to go to you own son 's graduation ! bob it 's not a graduation ! he 's move from the fourth grade to the fifth grade ! helen it 's a ceremony ... bob it 's psychotic ! they keep create new way to celebrate mediocrity , but if someone be genuinely exceptional , they shut he down because they do not want everybody else to feel bad ! helen this be not about you , Bob !! this be about dash !! bob you wanna help dash ? let he actually compete ! let he go out for sport ! helen I will not be make the enemy here !! you know why we can not do thati !! bob because he'd be great ! ! helen this be not about you !!! a abrupt breeze ripple the air , ruffling some loose papers on the coffee table . bob alright , dash . I know you be listen . come on out . helen you too , young lady . dash move out from behind a door . violet 's head rematerialize from behind the couch , she stand up , embarrassed . Bob move next to helen , become parental . bob it 's okay , kid . we be just have a discussion . ( continued } 35 . continued : ( 3 ) violet pretty loud discussion . bob but that 's okay . what 's important be that mommy and I be always a team , always united ... against ... uh ... ( unsure where he 's go ) +.. the force of -- helen pigheadedness ...? bob I be go to say evil or something . helen {to kid ) we be sorry we wake you . everything 's okay . go back to bed , it 's late . in fact -- {pointedly to Bob ) ~- we should all be in bed . Bob frown and turn away , follow the kid back toward the bedroom . insuricare - bob 's cubicle ~ following morning Bob sit at he tiny desk . one look at he bleary face say it all : he have not sleep all night . his intercom beeps . Bob glare at it a beat , then hit answer . intercom Mr. huph want you in he office . bob now ? intercom now . Bob release the intercom button , sigh . mirage look around Bob 's cramped cubicle , she gaze fall to the open briefcase on Bob 's desk . inside huph 's office marginally bigger than Bob 's office , with a covete window to the outside world . painfully clean and joyless . every pencil sharpen , every paper perfectly stack and align to run parallel to the edge of the desktop . ( continued ) 36 continued : huph sit down , bob. ( Bob sit ) I be not happy , bob. not. happy . ask I why . huph rise from he desk and cross to Bob . bob okay . why . huph why what ? be specific , Bob . Bob 's eye be draw to the window : outside , across the street , a stocky man linger suspiciously in a alleyway . bob ( still watch man ) why be you unhappy . huph you customer make I unhappy . bob ( turn back to huph} you have get complaint ? huph complaint I can handle . what I can not handle be you customer 's inexplicable knowledge of insuricare 's inner working . they be expert ! expert , Bob ! exploit every loophole , dodging every obstacle -- ( aghast ) -- they be penetrate the bureaucracy ! bob do I do something illegal ? huph ( irk ) no ... bob be you say we should not help we customer ? huph the law require that I answer no . bob we be suppose to help people . ( continued ) continued : 37 . ( 2 ) huph we be suppose to help our people ! start with we stockholder , Bob . who 's help they out , huh ? huph draw a calming breath , affect a statesmanlike air . huph ( cont 'd ) you know , Bob ... a company be -- bob like a enormous clock . huph ~- like a enormous cl -- yes ! precisely . it only work if all the little cog mesh together . Bob 's attention return to the window : the stocky man be accost a smaller one . like a attack dog , Bob be suddenly alert ; every muscle tense and ready - ~ huph ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) now , a clock need to be clean , well - lubricate , wound tight . the best clock have jewel movement , cog that fit , that cooperate by design . I be be metaphorical , Bob . you know what I mean by cooperative cog ? bob? Bob ...? huph follow Bob 's gaze to the window . on the street , the iarger man club the smaller man with a mace . he crumple to the sidewalk . huph jerk Bob 's face back toward he - ~ huph ( cont 'd ) look at I when I be talk to you , parr ! bob ( point ) that man out there -- he need help ! huph do not change the subject , Bob ! we be discuss you attitude ! bob but he 's get mug ! huph well , let 's hope we do not cover he ! ( continued ) 38 , continued : ( 3 ) bob ( head for the door ) I will be right back . huph stop right now or you 're fire ! Bob hesitate , he hand on the knob of the open door , fight back the very core of he be . huph narrow he eye , speak softly ... huph ( cont 'd ) Close the door ... neck cord straining , Bob slowly shut the door . he release the knob , which he 's crumpled in rage . huph ( cont 'd ) get over here ... now . Bob resume he position in front of huph , but he gaze inevitably return to the scene outside the window . bob 's p.0.v. the mugger pocket he plunder and run off , leave he victim daze and helpless on the sidewalk . bob ( seethe ) he get away ... huph good thing , too . you be this close to lose you j-- huph squeak as Bob 's enormous right hand flash out and clamp around he neck -- outer hallway huph 's body burst through a wall and into another adjacent , tumble face down onto a copy machine . it begin to spit out multiple copy of he press face . huph have in fact go through several wall , four in total and three adjoin office , before skid across the floor of the newly visible hallway beyond . the occupant of adjacent office lean into view , gawk in astonishment through they shattered wall ; first at huph 's sprawle form , then one by one back at Bob . ( continued ) 39 . continued : bob uh oh ... hospital - hallway - hour later through the window in the door we can glimpse huph in a full body cast . Bob , seat on a bench outside , look up as rick dicker , a haggard - face man in a black suit and tie quietly exit huph 's room . he stop , look at Bob , then turn away , head to the elevator . Bob follow after he . bob how be he ? dicker he 'il live . bob I be fire , be not I ? dicker you think ? bob what can I say , Rick ? dicker nothing you have not say before . bob someone be in trouble ... dicker someone 's always in trouble . bob I have to do something ... dicker yeah . every time you say that word , it mean @ month and a half of trouble for I , bob. minimum . it mean hundred of thousand of taxpayer dollar ... bob it know . dicker we gotta pay to keep the company quiet . we gotta pay damage , erase memory , relocate you family . every time it get harder . money money money . ( more ) ( continued ) 40 . continued : dicker ( cont 'd ) we can not keep do this , Bob . we appreciate what you do in the old day , but that day be over . from now on , you be on you own . the elevator door OPEN , dicker step inside . Bob stare at the floor , beat . dicker look at he with pity . then - dicker ( cont 'd ) listen , Bob ... maybe I could relocate you , for old time 's sake ... bob no . I can not do that to my family again . we just get settle . it will be alright . i’1ll make it work . thanks . dicker stare at Bob a long moment . a bittersweet smile -- dicker take care of yourself . the elevator door close . Bob stare at they , numb . ext . bob' driveway - dusk Bob climb out of he car and be surprised to find someone watch he -- -- the kid on the Big wheel , wait in exactly the same spot as the night before . bob what nre you wait for ? kid I dunno . something amazing , I guess . a rueful smile bioom and die on Bob 's face . bob I too , kid . I too . int . bob ‘s den a cramped , windowless museum of mr. incredible arcana . wall and shelf cluttere with memento of he storey past : frame photo , newspaper front page , magazine , and , display on the wall under plexiglas , he mr . incredible suit . Bob enter and close the door . he open he briefcase , pull out a insuricare employeens manual . Bob growl and rip it in half , toss it in the trashcan . ( continued } 41 . continued : on a roll now , he begin to dump the entire content of he briefcase into the trash when -- clunk ! Bob double -take -- startle by the heavy sound . he peer over the edge of the desk , into the trash , and sees -- a large manila envelope . he pick it up , and be surprised it 's heavy . he open it and pull out a flat panel about a half - inch thick . on it be print '' this end up '' . he turn the panel as instruct . in the center be a small circle with write beneath it . Bob squint , unable to read the tiny letter . he bring it closer -- he p.o.v. : as the letter ... slowly ... come ... into ... focus : bob ( read ) hold still . suddenly , the panel project a red grid over Bob 's face . we hear a robotic female voice -- voice Match : Mr. incredible . Bob drop the panel in surprise . it clatter to the desk , still function . a small foot - long rod with a metal ball at the top pop out from the panel . the ball at the tip make a quick , single revolution , scan the surround room with a vertical beam . voice ( cont 'd ) room be secure . commence message . the panel flicker . it 's a video screen . a image appear ; the beautiful platinum blonde woman who visit Bob 's office earlier that day . woman hello , Mr. incredible . my name be mirage . yes , we know who you be . Rest assure you secret be safe with we . actually , we have something in common . accord to the government , neither of we exist . please pay attention as this message be classified and will not be repeat ... Bob move closer , mesmerize ... ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) mirage I represent a top-secret division of the government , design and testing experimental technology and -- we have need of you unique ability . helen' voice honey ?? Bob startles , then strain to listen to the message . mirage ( cont ’d ) bob something have happen at what ?? we remote testing facility . mirage ( cont ’d ) helen' voice a highly experimental dinner 's ready ! prototype robot have escape we control - ~ mirage ( cont ’d ) bob although it be contain okay , okay ! within a isolate area -- Bob grab a pen and a scrap of paper and start to scribble furiously , only to find the pen dry . cursing , he rummages for a work pen , find one and begin to take note . mirage ~-- it threaten to cause incalculable damage to itself and to we facility , jeopardize hundred of million of dollar 's worth of equipment and research . only someone with -- helen 's voice mirage ( cont ’d ) be someone in there ? -- you unique ability can contain the robot without completely destroy it . bob mirage ( cont 'd ) the t.v.! I be try to because of its highly watch --! sensitive nature -- helen 's voice mirage ( cont 'd ) well , stop try , it 's ~- this mission do not , time for dinner ! nor will it ever , exist . { continued ) 43 . continued : ( 3 ) bob mirage ( cont 'd ) one minute ! if you accept , you payment will be equivalent to you current annual salary . Bob 's jaw go slack . he scribbles '' big $ '' . mirage ( cont 'd ) call the number on the screen . Voice match will be use to insure security . the super be not go , Mr. incredible . you be still here . you can still do great thing . or ... you can listen to Police scanner . you choice . you have 24 hour to respond . think about it . Bob finish scribbling . his mind be reeling . heroic music begin to stir . a new light come into Bob 's eye as they turn to the -- picture on the wall of Mr. incredible 's gallant past . the robotic voice relay a last message -- voice this message will self - destruct . Bob 's eye fall to the panel . uh oh . hallway outside bob 's den we hear a muffle boom from inside . after a long beat the ceiling sprinkler come on , follow by the family 's shout from the dining room . the de door open and Bob emerge in a cloud of smoke , so preoccupy that he 's slow to notice the downpour . inside - later Bob and helen finish drying the inside of the house . helen you be one distract guy . bob hmn ...? be I ? do not mean to be . helen look at Bob , put a tender arm around he . ( continued } 44 continued : helen I know you miss be a hero ... and you job be frustrating and ... and I just want you to know how much it mean to I that you stay at it anyway . bob honey ... about the job ... helen what ? bob i- I ... uh ... something 's happen -- helen glare at he , clearly expect the worst . helen whaaat ? bob the company 's send I to a conference out of town . i’1l be go for a few day . helen a conference ? they have never send you to a conference before . helen give Bob a question look . Bob tense . pause . helen ( cont ’d ) this be good , be not it ? bob yes . helen you see ? they be finally recognize you talent . you be move up ...! ( she hug he , then , softly ) it 's wonderful . bob yes . yes , it be ... bob be den - later Bob be on the phone , glance at the mr . incredible suit in he display case . after a ring , a female voice answer ~ bob ( cont ’d ) this be Mr. incredible . I be in . above the cloud ~ day a sleek - look manta jet slice the sky . inside the jet 45 . Bob , clad in he old ( and now too- tight ) Mr. incredible suit . mirage be on board . she debrief he . mirage the omnidroid 9000 be a top-secret , prototype battle robot . its artificial intelligence enable it to solve any problem it 's confront with . and ... unfortunately -- mr . incredible let I guess . it get smart enough to wonder why it have to take order . mirage ( nodd ) -- we lose control . and now it 's loose in the jungle , threaten we facility . we have have to evacuate all personnel from the island for they own safety . they be wait offshore for the all clear . mr . incredible how be I go in ? mirage the omnidroid 's defense have necessitate a air drop from 5000 foot . its cloaking device make it difficult to track ... although we be pretty sure it 's on the southern half of the island . one more thing ; obviously it represent a significant investment -- mr . incredible you want I to shut it down without completely destroy it . mirage ( smile ) you be Mr. incredible . drop pod BAY after a few unsuccessful try , Mr. incredible manage to squeeze he girth into the pod . mirage enter the pod bay , press the pod 's speaker switch . ( continued ) 46 continued : mirage ( through speaker ) remember : it 's a learn robot . every moment you spend fight it only increase its knowledge of how to beat you . bob ( through speaker ) shut it down . do it quickly . do not destroy it . mirage {through speaker ) and do not die . Bob shoot mirage a want smile . bob great . thanks . the pod be blast from the jet and disappear into cloud above the island . slow dissolve to : ext . nomanisan jungle - minute later Bob groan as he try to disengage he generous belly from the tiny pod . finally , with a frustrated yell , he rip the pod in half ; free . he stretch , do a few toe touch and twist to shake out the kink . he 's ready . bob showtime . he jog off into the jungle to track the robot . a series of dissolves as a out - of - shape Bob jog deeper and deeper into the jungle , grow more wind with each pass mile . his side ache , and he pause now and then to catch he breath , but he shake it off and resume he pursuit . dissolve to : later the forest be still now , and Bob 's footfalls and heavy breathe be the only sound we hear . Bob still scan the jungle , but he 's tiring and he pause to lean against a banyan tree to catch he breath ... ( continued ) 47 . continued : .-- and notice large slash mark in the side of the tree . he run he hand over they ; they be fresh . in the dirt near he foot be a giant k- shape footprint . bob hn ... with a loud crack the tree behind he split apart and the omnidroid be upon he . it slashes at he and he dodge , but not quickly enough and the bot 's claw catch he in the shoulder , draw blood . Fire come into Bob 's eye and when the bot slashes again he 's ready -~ leaping over the bot and landing on he foot on the opposite side . the bot be catch by surprise and in the split second it take for the bot to find Bob -- --bammmm !!! Bob have throw a mammoth punch that send the machine fly into the nearest tree . Bob let out a happy snarl that say , '' you just get school by mr. incredible , baby . '' deep within its metal shell , servos whine and the bot rights itself , its eye lens fix on Bob . bob ( cont 'd ) uh oh . the bot charge . once again Bob try he patent leap -- time slow as we cut to inside the bot 's brain . a viewscreen show the arc of Bob 's leap be calculate by the bot . resume wide shot the bot swing -- swatting Bob mid-jump . Bob sail into a banyan tree so hard that it split the trunk . Bob be stunned : the bot have quickly learn and counter . the bot charge again . with bob ~- as he run for he life , the omnidroid hot on he tail . Bob race through the jungle with surprising speed , but he add weight be slow he down . he cut hard to he right and dive -- off a cliff Bob tumble and slide down the rocky , near-vertical face , follow by the relentless machine . it roll past he and land in he path . ( continued ) 48 . continued : Bob fling boulder at the machine , but the bot be a fast learner , immediately incorporate Bob 's move into its own attack . the omnidroid leap high in the air and nearly land on top of Bob , who leap clear and tumble to the bottom of the cliff . lava field Bob reel , and before he know what 's happen , the omnidroid be there , drive he toward the bubbling - hot pool of lava . Bob resist the bot with all he might , but he foot can not hold the rocky surface , and as he be push ever closer to the white - hot lava , fear begin to grip he mind . Bob and the omnidroid grip each other like wildly mismatch wrestler , with Bob at lava 's edge now , lose ground . Bob be straining , desperate ... then something in he snap . he fill with rage , and with a roar he -- ~- jerk to one side and flip the omnidroid into the lava . the machine hit the lava with a hissy splat , sink into the hot glow and disappear . Bob be wild . he laugh , point at the bot 's grave with a gesture of defiance and -- SNAP !-~ throw he back out . suddenly he can not breathe . bob agh . my back --! the ground explode beneath he , split the rock . claw rise from the lava , grip the rock , and the dread omnidroid draw itself out of the lava , drip magma , its metal body glow red as if it come from hell itself . Bob look down . the ground be split into chunks beneath he foot . in pain , barely able to move , Bob make a desperate leap to a chunk of rock as it break free ... and land pathetically on top . the bot snatch he off and slam he into the ground . then it lift Bob up , grab he foot with another claw and begin to pull Bob apart . Bob strain , then -- pop ! --his back realign ! Bob be a new man ! with a laugh he jackknife -- rip off one of the omnidroid 's claw . he drop underneath the bot , cause the bot to open a second eye in its underbelly to find he . ( continued ) 49 . continued : Bob roar , seize the second eye , rip it off the bot 's body and fling it in the lava pool . before the bot can react , Bob have climb inside the hole in the belly . the bot know Bob be inside and begin to stab itself wildly to get at he ... puncture itseif again and again and tear itself apart . until ... sparking and sputtering , it stagger and shut down . Bob punch a hole in the top , whistling and slapping its side . the bot drunkenly rouse and make a final grab for Bob deep within its belly , and rip out its own metallic gut ... ... and keel over , a lifeless scrap pile . Bob hop out , smile . Mr. incredible 's work be do . in a nearby tree a exotic bird , which look strangely out of place , cock its head to one side . camera push in to one of its eye as a metal Iris appear . it 's a camera lens . a shadowed figure stand with mirage , watch this all on a bank of video screen . shadowed figure surprise . we must bring he back . sound the all clear . ( he exit , stop , turn back ) and ... invite he to dinner . int . dine hall - outer corridor - early evening a transpod arrive and Bob step out , dress in a tux . int . dine hall Bob open the door , peek inside . the hall be massive , with a open terrace that overlook the tropical forest . in the center of the room be a enormous dining table , place parallel to a fall of hot lava . Bob check he watch ; realize he 's early . a sudden rumble make he look up . the lava fall part , revealing a secret passageway . mirage emerge . Bob instinctively pull back , leave the door open just enough to watch . a silhouetted figure follow after mirage , gesture animatedly . they pause at the entrance to the passageway , they talk too distant to be hear . ( continued ) 50 . continued : a sound cause mirage to look in Bob 's direction . int . dine hall - outer corridor - moment later mirage , suspicious , push open the dining hall door . climb out of the transpod , Bob notice she and smile . bob be I overdress ? mirage actually , you leok rather dash . int . dine hall Bob and mirage be seat at a enormous table that run parallel to a equally large lava fall . bob I take it we host be -- mirage I be sorry . he 's not able to dine with we tonight . he hope you will understand . bob of course . I usually make it a point to know who I be work for . mirage he prefer a certain amount of anonymity . surely you of all people understand that . bob I be just wonder ... of all the place to settle down , why live -- mirage -- with a volcano ? he 's attract to power . so be I . it 's a weakness we share . bob seem a bit unstable . mirage I prefer to think of it as misunderstand . bob be n not we all ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : mirage volcanic soil be among the most fertile on earth . everything at the table be grow right here . how do it compare ? bob everything 's delicious . Bob raise he glass . mirage smile and do likewise . montage : incredible again his self - esteem back , Bob return home with renew vigor . he bond with he kid , get frisky with helen , and take new pride in he appearance . he busy a new snazzy sport car for himself , and a new car for helen . after he say goodbye to helen several morning , clearly pretend to go off to the job he no longer hold at insuricare , we see how he 's actually spend he day ; drop weight and get in shape . the superheroic workout do they job ; Bob be in the best shape he 's be in many year . int . bob' bedroom - morning - month later Bob , dress in a more expensive and tailore version of he insuricare suit , pause to examine the tear spot on he mr . incredible supersuit . helen ( 0.s. ) hurry , honey , or you will be late for work ! Bob quickly stuff he supersuit into he briefcase and snap it shut . parr house - front doorstep - morning Bob pause at the doorstep . helen enter and hug he . helen have a great day , honey ! help customer , climb ladder -- bob -- bring bacon -- helen -- all that jazz ! helen plant a proud kiss on he lip . Bob exit . 52 . ext . e’s house - day Bob 's new car pull up to a impose gate , a futuristic web of parallel laser beam . he turn toward a video screen and press a button beneath it . the video screen light up , revealing a burly guard . guard do you have a appointment ? bob I be a old friend , I just want -- guard all visitor be require to make arr -- the guard suddenly flinch from something below camera , and be shooe offscreen by a strident , husky female voice - voice get back , rolf ! go check the electric fence or something . a pair of huge glass front the top half of a head rise into the bottom half of the screen , out of focus . this be edna mode , know by she friend simply as '' E . '' E what be it ? what do you want ?? Bob remove he sunglass and grin at the camera . E ( cont 'd ) my God , you have get fat . come in ! come ! the gate open and Bob drive up the long driveway that wind up the hill to E 's tastefully arty house . int . e's house E lead Bob through the tasteful , minimalistic entrance way into she massive live room . E be in she early sixty , half german , half japanese , and like both of that small country , not to be underestimate . E yes , thing be go quite well . my God , no complaint . but , you know , it be not the same . not the same at all . bob be not you just in the news ? some show in Prague ? ( continued ) continued : 53. E Milan , darling , Milan . '' supermodel '' -— hah ! nothing super about they . spoil , stupid little stick figure with poofy lip who think only about themselves - — feh ! I use to design for god ! but perhaps you come with a challenge , eh ? I be surprised to get you call . bob E , I just need a patch job . Bob hand E he damage suit . she examine it , frown . E this be megamesh , outmode but very sturdy , and you have tear right through it . what have you be do , Robert ? Moon - lighting hero work ? bob must have happen a long time ago . E ( knowingly ) I see. ( be : he suit ) this be a hobo suit , you can not be see in this . I will not allow it . Fifteen year ago , maybe . but now ... E drop the suit into a trashcan . Bob retrieve it . bob what do you mean ? you design it . E I never look back , darling . it distract from the now . you need a new suit . that much be certain . bob a new suit ? where the hell would I get -- E you can not ! it 's impossible , I be far too busy so ask I now , before I again become sane . bob ( confuse ) you ... want to make I a suit ? ( continued } 54 . continued : ( 2 ) E you push too hard , darling -- but I accept . it will be bold . Dramatic ! heroic ! bob yeah . something classic , like dynaguy . he have a great look . the cape , the boot - — - E no cape . bob be not that my decision ? unaccustom to be question , E visibly stiffen . E do you remember ... thunderhead ? flashback : maelstrom in he prime -- beefy and b-movie handsome , deck out in a splendid outfit with elegant floor- length cape . E ( v.0 . ) tall , storm power , nice man . good with kid ... resume scene Bob know where this be head and move to speak , but be instantly cut off by E. E September 15th of fifty - eight -- resume flashback a madman aim a missile launcher at a city across a bay . maelstrom leap into frame , dispatch he with a single punch and turn the missile towards the open sea . his duty do , he turn and smile at a young lady stand nearby , fail to notice that he cape have catch on the missile -- E ( v.0 . ) ~- all be well , another day save , when -- the rocket blast into the distance , take maelstrom with it -- ( continued ) continued : E ( v.0.} ( cont ’d ) -- he cape snag on a missile fin . his scorched remain be find several hundred mile away ~- intercut : comically brief flashbacks ( as E describe they ) of each Super be doom by he or she cape -- bob maelstrom be not the brightest bulb in th - E ( cut he off ) -- slipstream : April 19th , fifty -seven . cape catch in a jet turbine -- bob E , you can not generalize about this th - ~ E ( v.0 . ) ( rapid-fire flashbacks ) ~~ multiman : express elevator , dynaguy : snag on takeoff , splashdown : suck into a vortex - — end flashbacks . E glare at Bob , declare with unassailable finality : E ( cont ’d ) -- no cape ! ( turn , exite dismissively ) well , go on . you new suit will be finish before you next assignment . bob you know I be retire from hero work . E as be I , Robert . yet here we be . bob I only need a patch job , E. for sentimental reason . E ( heavy sigh , take suit ) Fine . I will also fix the hobo suit . bob E , you be the best of the best . E yes , I know , darling . I know . 56 . int . parr home - master bedroom - evening helen pluck one of Bob 's enormous shirt from a stack of freshly clean laundry and hang it up in they closet , when something catch she eye : a long , platinum - blonde hair ( mirage 's ) on Bob 's suit jacket . helen pluck it off , examine it . the phone ring . she go to answer it , hesitate when she hear -- bob ( 0.s. ) I get it ! do not answer it , honey , I get it ! helen frown . there 's something suspicious about Bob 's eagerness . int . bob 's den Bob pick up the phone ~ ~ bob hello ? int . control room - nomanisan mirage we have a new assignment for you . int . master bedroom - with helen she carefully pick up the phone , place a hand over the mouthpiece , and listen in ... mirage' voice ( phone ) how soon can you get here ? bob ‘s voice ( phone ) I all leave tomorrow morning . helen react . int . bob 's den bob I understand . Goodbye . Bob hang up the phone and move to the door , open it . helen be there , block the doorway . she force a smile . helen who be that , honey ? the office ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : bob another conference . short notice , but -- ( smile , shrug ) ~- duty call . Bob squeeze past she and exit . helen stare into he de , feel suspicious and impotent . int . parr garage - morning Bob be seat in he new sport car , its engine purring . he belt himself in . helen enter , still in she robe . helen bob= — bob hmn ? what be it , honey ? a storm of conflict emotion play across helen 's face . but she put on a happy face and lean down through he open window . helen have a nice trip . bob thanks , honey . call you when I land . helen I love you ... so much . something in she voice make Bob hesitate . he look back at she , curious . bob I love you too . he give she a kiss , then back out of the driveway , and , with a wave , drive off . ext . above the cloud - day the sleek - look manta jet slice the sky . int . manta jet Bob , leaner and meaner in he new supersuit , dip a fresh prawn into some cocktail sauce and gaze around the luxurious cabin . he 's happy as a clam . ( continued ) 58 . continued : autopilot this be you automated Captain speak . would you care for more mimosa ? bob do not mind if I do . thanks . his glass disappear into he armrest , instantly replace by a full glass of mimosa . autopilot you nre welcome . currently 78 degree in nomanisan . please fasten you seat belt . we be beginning we descent . over the island as the jet begin its descent toward the island , we begin to see its spectacular aspect : active volcano , tower snow - cap peak , tumble waterfall , futuristic monorail , etc .... a paradise on earth . suddenly the engine cut off and the jet plunge , nose down , into the sea , convert into a submersible . beneath the water 's surface the jetsub cruise through a fantastic seascape of exotic otherworldly rock formation , toward the base of the island through vast curtain of bubbles create from a field of cool lava . a massive door open , revealing a huge underwater docking bay . the ship enter , the entrance close behind they . inside the docking BAY the water drain . the jetsub settles to a landing . a giant docking tube extend from a side wall and connect to the side of the jetsub . int . jetsub Bob turn as a door open , revealing a small side chamber and a pair of shapely legs . mirage lean into view . mirage welcome back , Mr. incredible . Nice suit . you have lose weight . bob but not my appetite . it 's good to be back . mirage . ( continued ) 59 . continued : Bob enter the monopod . the door shut and it take off . ext . nomanisan jungle ~ traveling with the pod the monopod zoom along a track which rise from a tunnel beneath the lagoon and sweep through the jungle . although this be he second time here , Bob be see the island with new eye . it be a wonder . the monopod track disappear straight into a rush waterfall . suddenly the waterfall part , the water separate like a enormously long chiffon curtain , revealing the intricately design architecture hide underneath . with the pod as it enter a vertical tube , and zoom upward into the dark . int . guest quarter - moment later Elevator door slide open crisply . Bob enter and take in the room . it be small , open and tasteful , with a balcony overlook a breathtaking view of the jungle and the ocean beyond . mirage you will be brief about you next assignment in conference room at two . room a113 . bob two o'clock . thanks . mirage see you there . mirage leave . Bob enter , throw he case on the bed . he grab a pear from a bowl of fresh fruit and take a bite . he step out on he balcony and lean against the railing . he could get use to paradise . int . parr home - basement hallway - day helen vacuum . she notice some debris outside Bob 's de , and vacuum it . the vacuum bump the door and it swing open . helen stare at the floor , push the vacuum forward in a probe of Bob 's de carpet . the sound of filthy debris rattles up the vacuum tube . helen sigh : she 's get to vacuum the entire room . 60 int . bob ‘s den - continuous as she begin to vacuum the de floor , she notice that the door of he Mr. incredible suit display case be ajar . she push it close and suddenly stop , look closer at Bob 's old supersuit - ~ ~- and see a new rip , expertly and recognizably mend . helen edna . int . parr house ~ kitchen ~- day helen hello ? I have like to speak to edna . E this be edna . helen e? this be helen . E helen who ? helen helen parr - - er , uh ... you know ... elastigirl . E darling ! how be you ?? how divine to hear from you ! helen yes , it have be a while . listen , there 's only one person Bob would trust to patch he supersuit , and that 's you , E . E yes yes yes . marvelous , be not it ? much better than that horrible pajamas he use to wear . they be all finish , when be you come to see ? do not make I beg , darling , I win not do it , you know ! helen beg ... uh -~? no , I be call abeg about - ~ suit -- about suit ... Bob sssuit - -- ( frustrated with herself ) -~- I be call about Bob 's suit ! ( continued ) 61 . continued : E you come in one hour , darling . I insist . okay ? okay , bye . int . nomanisan base - conference room a113 Bob open the door . no one be there . he check the wall clock : two o'clock . he decide to enter and take a seat at the meeting table . there be some strange , low sound . hen the far wall slide OPEN , revealing the outdoors and ~ --a bigger , badder omnidroid . Bob turn to run , but the omnidroid be fast . it grab he and fling he into the outside air . ext . base - jungle clearing ~ continuous Bob sail to the edge of the jungle , landing with a thud . before he can react , the robot have he again , and slam he into the ground . a voice come over a loudspeaker . voice it 's bigger ! it 's badder ! the robot seize Bob in one giant claw , turn two other into whirling blade . they close in on Bob 's neck -~- -- when a young , chunky , wild - haire man in a bright supersuit descend from the sky on jet-boot , landing on top of the enormous robot . wild -haired man it 's too much for Mr. incredible ! it 's finally ready ! the wild - haire man poke a few button on one of he wristband . the robot 's blade stop , the bot stand down . wild -haired man ( cont 'd ) I go through quite a few super to gel it worthy to fight you , but , man ... it be not good enough ! after you trash the last one I have to make some major modification . sure it be difficult , but you be worth it . after all ... I be you biggest fan . a dark realization fall over Bob 's face ... bob buddy ...? ( continued ) 62 continued : buddy my name 's not buddy ! he press a button on one of the thick platinum band around he wrist : the omnidroid fling Bob again . buddy ( cont 'd ) and it 's not '' incrediboy '' either . that ship have sail . all I want be to help you . I only want to help ! and what do you say to I ?? plashback : mr. incredible & buddy 15 year earlier a shot from the prologue , soften by memory . a young Mr. incredible turn away from buddy / incrediboy . mr . incredible go home , buddy . I work alone . flashback : buddy in he bedroom still in he incrediboy costume , but without the mask , buddy glower up at he bedroom wall , a shrine to Mr. incredible . he tear a poster off the wall . buddy ( v.0 . ) it tore I apart . but you teach I a important lesson : you can not count on anyone ... resume the present - bob & buddy buddy ... especially you heroes . mr . incredible I be wrong to treat you that way . I '' sorry . buddy see ? now you respect I . because I 'ma threat . that 's the way it work . turn out , there be a lot of people , whole country who want respect . and they will pay through the nose to get it . how do you think I get rich ? I invent weapon . now I have a weapon that only I can defeat , and when I unleash it I ’1ll get -- ( continued ) 63 . continued : Bob suddenly fling the log at buddy . he duck it , and press a button on one of he wristband : a beam erupt from he index finger and hit Bob in he chest , freezing he mid-action . buddy chuckle with admiration . buddy ( cont 'd ) you sly dog ! you get I monclogue ! buddy jerk he beam -arm to he right , effortlessly hurl Bob into a tree with tremendous force . buddy ( cont 'd ) cool , huh ?? Zero - point energy . I save the best invention for myself !! buddy immediately catch Bob in the immobi - ray again , freezing he in space . buddy ( cont ’d ) look at that ! be I good enough now ? ( slam Bob into ground ) who' super now ??? ( slam Bob again ) I be syndrome ! you nemesis ! and -- syndrome realize he 's lose Bob , inadvertently fling he over the tree . syndrome brilliant . jungle cliff Bob 's body arc over the treetop , drop into a deep river that flow into a waterfall . he pull himself onto a rock . syndrome become visible over the distant tree . he spy Bob and rocket toward he Bob take a run leap off the rock , over the fall , and disappear into the mist below . underwater - at the base of the fall Bob hit the water in a explosion of bubbles . at the top of the fall syndrome land on the rock . pull a tiny electronic device from he wristband . he hit the primer . the device begin to beep . syndrome try one of this on for size , big boy . ( continued } 64 continued : he drop the device over the fall . underwater - the base of the fall Bob 's eye widen when he see the device enter the water . he turn and swim as fast as he can for the nearest protection : a hole in the rock . the device explode -- underwater tunnel ~- blow bob through the hole so fast that -- int . cave he be blown into the inside of a cave . Bob cough up some water , try to catch he breath . he look up to see -- --a skeletal face . he jump back in surprise . it be the remain of a man , he only clothes the rag remnant of shoulder pad , boot , and a odd -look helmet . Bob crawl over to rub some dirt from the emblem over the eye : the emblem read '' G B '' . bob gazerbeam ... the skeleton be still sit up , and Bob be compel to follow its gaze to the adjacent cave wall . there ... presumably in he die moment , gazerbeam have burn a word into the rock : '' kronos '' . bob ( cont 'd ) kronos ... just then Bob hear a sound near the blowhole of the cave . a tiny , fly probe rise from the hole . a scanner detect a body in the cave , and the probe fly toward it . it pause in front of the skeleton , scan it , then retreat , exite . Bob slowly rise from behind the skeletal remain and watch it go . jungle - top of the fall syndrome 's probe emerge from the mist of the fall and return to syndrome . it beeps as it dock with he wristband . ( continued ? 65 . continued : probe life reading negative . Mr. incredible terminate . syndrome bow he head in respect to he former idol . inside e’s house - day E lead helen downstairs toward she hide lab . E this project have completely confiscate my life , darling ... consume I as only hero work can . my best work , I must admit . simple . elegant , yet bold . you will die . I do Robert 's suit and it turn out so beautiful I just have to continue ! helen E , it 's great to see you , but -- I have no idea what you be talk about , I just -- E yes , word be useless . gobble gobble gobble - ~ there 's too much of it , darling , too much ! that be why I show you my work . that be why you be here ! she turn to the wall and rapidly execute a elaborate series of security measure : punch a fifteen-digit code with she leave hand , while - ~ press she right hand against a panel . it flash , as -- she expose she eye to a retinal scan which --~ cause a microphone to extend from the wall to she lip -- E ( cont ’d ) ( into microphone ) edna ... mode . in a flash : a ceiling panel open , and out pop a enormous gun , which train its sight on helen . E see this , turn back to the microphone , add hastily -- E ( cont 'd ) and '' guest . '' the gun retreat into the ceiling . the wall in front of they open dramatically , revealing : 66 e's testing lab a large , ultra-sophisticated work area , dedicated to the design , fabrication , and testing of superhero suit . E cross to a large , raise platform mount to a track run parallel to a glass - in chamber , and sit in one of the two chair face it . between the chair be a small table with a fresh pot of coffee and assort cookie . E motion helen to join she - ~ E come , sit . cream and sugar ? helen shake she head , feel a little bewilder , and sit as E pour and hand she a cup of coffee . E ( cont ’d ) I start with the baby ... helen '' start '' ? E shh , darling , shh --! Inside the chamber , a panel open . a small , featureless baby mannequin in a tiny red suit ( sport the same '' i '' insignia as Bob 's ) mount to a post emerge , tracking slowly from one end of the chamber to the other . E ( cont ’d ) ..- I cut it a little roomy for the free movement , the fabric be comfortable for sensitive skin - - the inside of the chamber erupt in flame . helen jump back as E continue talk -- E ( cont ’d ) -- and can also withstand a temperature of over one thousand degree ~ -— the flame be suddenly replace by a barrage of machine gun FIRE , as the suit be blast by hundred of bullet -- E ( cont 'd ) -- completely bulletproof -- the gunfire stop . ( continued } 67 . continued : E ( cont ‘d ) -~ and machine - washable , darling , that 's a new feature . helen what in heaven 's name do you think the baby will be do ??? E well , I be sure I do not know , darling . luck favor the prepare . I do not know the baby 's power so I cover the basic - helen Jack - Jack do not have any power . E no ? well , he 'il look fabulous anyway . as the baby suit exit one end , the panel reopen on the other side . another mannequin dash 's size swing into the smoky chamber ; its arm and leg slowly churn in a '' run '' motion which gradually accelerate into a blur . E ( cont 'd ) you boy 's suit I design to withstand enormous friction without heating up or wear out , a useful feature ... the dash suit depart into the wall as a new suit enter . E ( cont 'd ) you daughter 's suit be tricky , but I finally create a sturdy material that will disappear completely as she do . helen 's suit move into view . robot arm enter from above and below , clamp to the sleeve of arm and pants , and begin to pull they wide apart in various contortion -- E ( cont ’d ) you suit can stretch as far as you can without injure yourself and still retain its shape . two small bomb appear on either side of the suit and explode , bend the E ( cont ‘d ) virtually indestructible , yet it breathes like egyptian cotton . ( more ) ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) E ( cont 'd ) as a extra feature , each suit contain a home device , give you the precise global location of the wearer at the touch of a button . the chamber go dark , the light return to they less — dramatic set . E swivel to face helen , a cocky smile play at the corner of she mouth . E ( cont ’d ) well , darling ? what do you think ? helen what do I think ?? Bob be retire ! I be retire ! we family be underground ! you help my husband resume secret hero work behind my back ?? E I assume you know , darling ! why would he keep secret from you ? helen ( defensive ) he would not ! he do not -- do not ! there be a heavy pause . E consider she . E Men at Robert 's age be often unstable . prone to weakness . helen what be you say ...? E do you know where he be ...? helen of course . E do you know where he be ? sea cliff - nomanisan - dusk Bob hide in brush at the top of a cliff . along the waterline far below , a monopod streak toward he along a track which curve around the coastline . Bob crouch ... and dive - ~ ~- we fall with he , whistling through the air until we hit a palm tree . ( continued ) 69 . continued : the palm bend , slow Bob 's drop before he expertly release it and drop into another palm directly below it . Bob leap onto the roof of the pod , quickly dispatch the guard inside , toss they into the ocean . Bob seat himself at the control , as the pod race toward syndrome 's base and a security checkpoint . checkpoint two guard look up as they hear the monopod approach . a sparking wheel carriage arrive at the gate , its cab completely tear off and miss . suddenly alert , the guard cock they gun and aim into the dark . we hear a distant grunt . a moment later the cab fall from the sky , crash on top of the guard . Bob run through the wreck gate , toward the base . ext . base Bob pull up behind some tree . there be several guard ; two at the vehicle entrance , another at the balcony above . Bob think a bit , look down and find a coconut , with expert precision , he throw it at the balcony guard , beaning he . he fall off the balcony and hit the ground . the other guard rush to help he , leave they post . Bob run up to the vehicle entrance -- it 's lock tight . Bob see shadow of guard approach , he 's out in the open and about to be catch when -- ~- the door suddenly sweep up and open , take Bob with it . a ambulance move out of the open bay , and as the door move close behind it we see Bob drop into the garage . Elevator . Bob emerge in the dine hall and stare at the lava fall . he know there be a secret passage behind it . pick up large stone sculpture . readies to run into lava . one ... two ... thry -- Bob be startle by a flash of light behind the fall ; the passage be open . he lose he balance , struggle to set the massive sculpture back into place before mirage enter . Bob rush into the close passage . jump clear just as passage close . ( continued ) 70 . continued : a series of parallel floor light click on . Bob follow they to a elaborate chair in the center of the dark , light from above . Bob sit down in the chair . a giant , curve screen light up in front of he , with a blink cursor in its center . Bob type in '' kronos '' . the computer screen refresh : Bob be in . resume e’s lab helen on phone . E listen intently in the b.g. helen hello , this be helen parr , Bob parr be my husband . I be wonder if you could give I the number of the hotel he 's stay at . the number I have be no good . secretary Mr. parr no longer work at insuricare . helen what do you mean ? he -- he 's on a business trip , a company retreat ~ - secretary my record say he be terminate almost two month ago . helen hang up in a daze . E so . you do not know where he be ... helen shake she head . E hold up the homing device . E ( cont 'd ) would you like to find out ? intercut : Bob enter the computer record of the development of the omnidroid . it square off superhero on one half of the screen with progressively more advanced version of the omnidroid . a '' terminated '' band blot out the loser of each encounter . Bob 's eye fill with horror : syndrome have be use superhero to beta~test he omnidroid kill machine , start with the weaker superhero and work he way up as the robot become more deadly . {continued } 71 . continued : Pace after face of decease superhero flash by : gazerbeam ... gamma jack ... everseer ..- Bob turn away , staggered . he type in the name : elastigirl . under '' whereabouts '' the computer answer '' unknown '' . Bob heave a sigh of relief . int . e’s lab - same moment helen reluctantly take the home locator from E and stare at it , not sure she want to know what it may tell she . syndrome’s master computer room ~ with bob Bob be now look at syndrome 's master plan , which seem to indicate unleash the omnidroid on a major city . a countdown have already start : it 's happen within 24 hour . Bob rise from the console and start for the exit , int . e’s lab - same moment helen press the locator button on the home tracker . on the viewscreen , the locator isolate a remote island . with bob as the dot over the '' i '' on he chest - logo light up ... beep . Bob look down in surprise . a alarm sound as the room be awash in bright light . unwittingly helen have expose he . Bob race for the exit , but be hit by sticky ball of goo fire from gun lining the wall , which inflate , quickly make it impossible to run . Bob fall to the floor , swallow up by the expand goo . bob be p.o.v.: the expand goo- balis fill up the p.o.v .... but not before Bob make out the recognizable figure approach he : mirage . e's kitchen - several minute later coffee have be make and partially consume . the morning paper , still roll , rest on the table . helen , eye reddene from cry , blow she nose into a wad length of toilet paper hand she by a mildly disgust £ . ( continued ) continued : 72 . helen I be such a idiot . I let this happen you know . the new sport car , the get in shape , the blonde hair , the lie ! E yes . he attempt to relive the past . helen and now I be lose he ! ( sobbing ) what ' 1ll I do ? what ' will I do ?? E what be you talk about ...? E suddenly leap onto the table . she whack helen with the roll - up newspaper . E ( cont 'd ) you be elastigirl ! my God , pull yourself together !! what will you do ? be this a question ? you will show he you remember that he be Mr. incredible , and you will remind he who you be . well , you know where he be . go. confront the problem ! fight ! win ! ( pleasantly ) and call I when you get back , darling . fi enjoy we visit . inside parr house ~ hallway ~ later readying to leave , helen talk to violet as they walk toward helen 's bedroom . helen there 's lot of leftover you can reheat . make sure dash do he homework and both of you get to bed on time . I should be back tonight , late . you can be in charge that long , can not you ? violet yeah ... but why be I in charge again ? helen nothing . just a little trouble with daddy . violet you mean dad 's in trouble ? or ... dad be the trouble ? ( continued ) 73 . continued : helen pause outside she bedroom door . helen I mean either he 's in trouble ... ( darkly ) --- or he 's go to be . inside master bedroom Mom enter , look at she open travel bag , then the suit E make . she sigh , decide to pack she supersuit . then see dash stare at the match bright red outfit . dash hey what 's that ? where would you get that , Mom ? Mom stretch to slam the door close . immediately dash be outside the slide window , look in . dash ( cont ’d ) you make a cool outfit ? hey , be that for we ?? we all get cool outfit ? Mom stretch to pull the blind , briefly take she hand off the doorknob . dash zoom back through the door , nab he outfit and be go . helen call after he . helen wait a -- dash ! you come back this moment ! the phone ring . helen , expect it , quickly pick up . helen ( cont 'd ) hey snug ! thanks for get back . listen , I know this be short notice -- violet have enter . she stare at the suit on the bed . violet what be this ? dash zip back in , fully dress in he suit . dash look ! I be '' the dash . '' ( zip to mirror ) the dash like . helen try to zip up she bag and return violet 's suit to the closet . violet be back though , and sees this . ( continued ) 74 . continued : helen ( inte phone ) just a moment -- ( irritate , to dash ) take that off , before somebody see you . violet helen but you be pack one just please , honey , I be on the like it . be you hide phone -- dash ! something ? Mom ? dash whisk the suit from helen , offer it to violet . dash violet this be yours ! it 's {to helen ) specially make . what 's go on --? helen push both child out into the hall and slam she door . violet look at the suit , then at dash . violet what make you think it 's special ? dash I ’unno . why have Mom try to hide it ? dash run off . violet look at the suit , wonder . make she hand invisible , she touch the suit -- -- it vanish . she draw back , take she finger off the suit : it reappear . violet stare at the suit with wide eye : whoa . inside master bedroom helen ( into phone ) snug , I be call in a solid you - owe -me . snug 's office ~ airport clutter and comfortable . a blow - in- the-bottle museum of fly arcana . snug porter , lean , leathery and laugh - line , twirl a pencil as he take the call . snug about time . what 's it be ? 15 year ? I be start to get comfortable . whaddya need ? helen a jet . what can you get that 's fast ? ( continued ) 75 . continued : snug turn to he office window , which look out onto the tarmac , and lift a few venetian blind , revealing a amazingly sleek and powerful - look jet . snug let I think ... above the cloud ~ day the jet soar through the golden late - afternoon sky . inside the jet 's cockpit - same time helen pilot the jet as she speak into she headset . helen Island approach , India golf niner niner check in , vfr on top -- over . no response . helen check the instrument , confirm she course . she try again . helen ( cont 'd ) Island Tower . this be India golf niner niner request vector vector to the initial ... over. ( static ) huh . a old sensation begin to creep into helen 's thought : danger . she grab she duffle bag and zip it open , expose the supersuit E make for she . she stare at it . helen ( cont ’d ) easy , helen . you be overreact . everything 's fine . they be just -- ( try a explanation ) ~- all get coffee at the same time ... helen mull the explanation . and decide it 's ridiculous . she flip a switch -- put the jet on autopilot , grab she suit and go into the lavatory . nomanisan - jail cell - same time Bob awaken ... and find himself bound by huge metal restraint , face a nasty look device that look something like a electrify bed of nail . syndrome approach Bob . syndrome you , Sir , truly be '' Mr. incredible '' ... you know , I be right to idolize you . ( more } ( continued ) 76 continued : syndrome ( cont 'd ) I always know you be tough . but trick the probe by hide under the bone of another Super ? ohhhh , man !! I be still geek out about it ... ( he expression sour ) then you have to go and just - ~ ruin the ride . I mean , Mr. incredible call for help ? '' help I ! '' lame lame lame lame lame ! alright , who do you contact ? Bob stare at syndrome . bob contact ? what be you talk about ? syndrome nod at a flunky , who press a button . the torture device jump to life , emit spark as Bob wince in pain . syndrome I be refer to last night at 23:07 hour , while you be snooping around , you send out a home signal -- bob ( in pain ) I do not know ... about the home device -- syndrome zap Bob again . he spasm , grimace . syndrome -- and now a government plane be request permission to land here ! who did you contact ? bob ... I do not send for ... a plane -- syndrome ( to mirage ) play the transmission . helen' voice Island approach , India golf niner niner check in , vfr on top -- Bob 's head snap to attention . syndrome see it . bob helen ...! syndrome so you do know this people . well , then , I all send they a little greeting ... ( continued ) 77 . continued : { 2 } with flourish and a malicious grin , syndrome press the red launch button on a control console . MAIN cabin helen emerge from the lavatory dress in she supersuit . she throw she duffle bag roughly at a passenger seat . violet 's voice ow ! helen violet ! violet {as she materialize ) it 's not my fault ! dash run away and I know I have get blame for it and ~- dash pop up from behind the seat at the back of the cabin , immediately engage at the top of he lung . dash violet that 's not true ! you say , -- I think he would try to '' something 's up with Mom '' sneak on the plane so I and '' we hafta find out come here and you close what , '' and it be you the door before I could idea , you idea , 100 % all - find he and then you take yours ~ all -the-time idea ! off and it 's not my fault ! helen wait a minute . you leave Jack -jack alone ?? violet dash yes , Mom ! I be completely no , we get someone , Mom ! stupid . of course we get a someone great ! we would nox sitter ! do you think I be do that ! I love my baby totally irresponsible ? brother ! thanks a lot ! helen ( cont ’d ) well , who have you get ??? int . parr home - day sport a ponytail , baggy baseball shirt and a mouthtu : of orthodontia , kari mckeon -- thirteen , stand in the middle of the parr live room , chat into the phone . as Jack - Jack play happily in the background . 78 . continued : kari you do not have to worry about one single thing , Mrs. parr , I have get this babysit thing wire . I have take course and learn cpr , and I get excellent mark and certificate I can produce on demand . intercut : helen on the jet . helen kari ... kari I also bring mozart to play while he sleep because lead expert say '' mozart make baby smarter 's -~ helen kari ... kari ~- and the beauty part be , the baby do not even have to listen ' cause they be asleep ! I wish my parent play mozart when I sleep , because half the time I do not know what the heck anyone 's talk about ! helen kari , I really do not feel comfortable with this . i’1l pay you for you trouble but I have really rather call a service -- kari there 's really no need , Mrs. parr . I can handle anything this baby can dish out . ( coo to Jack - Jack ) can not I , little boobily boy ? resume jet - MAIN cabin - same time helen kari , I appreciate you qualification and you ... you enthusiasm , but -- a warning signal sound from the cockpit . helen turn , recognize it instantly . cockpit helen enter . through the windshield , a rocket 's flare be suddenly visible above the cloud . helen 's eye widen . 79 . MAIN cabin the '' fasten seat belt '' sign above dash and vi light up . they exchange glance , reach for they seat belt . the jet suddenly dive , throw they into the ceiling . helen ~~ friendly at two zero mile south southwest of you position , angel 10 . track east , disengage , over !! disengage !! roaring through the cloud as the jet bank suddenly , barely avoid a missile that smoke past its metallic belly . resume syndrome 's base ~ prison cell ~- same moment helen' voice India golf niner niner transmit in the blind guard -- bob no --! resume helen 's jet - same moment through the windshield we see the cloud suddenly part , revealing : the ocean loom toward we like a endless brick wall . helen plant she foot and yank back on the control -- moving above the water' surface the jet 's belly spanks the crest of the wave as it struggle to pull out of its dive . resume cockpit as the jet be buffete by the peak of the ocean wave , its engine scream as it finally reascend . the jet go vertical , throw the kid backwards down the aisle . helen stabilize the jet , then double - take as the missile reappear on she screen . she whirl to violet -- helen vi ! I need you to throw a force field around the plane ! violet but you say never to -- ( continued ) 80 . continued : helen I know what I say !! listen to what I '' say now !! violet -- I have never do one that big before ! resume syndrome 's base - prison cell - same moment violet ( cont ’d , over radio ) it 's not like I have be practice !! helen ( over radio ) violet !!! do it now !! bob no ! call off the missile !! i’1l do anything !! syndrome too late . Fifteen year too late . resume jet violet fret , not sure where to start . she uncertainly start to form a force field , but it 's small and weak . quick cut : helen whirl toward the cockpit -- the jet 's radar display show the missile converging -~ the missile close in on the jet -- helen shout into she headset , eye widening in horror as - the missile close in on the jet 's belly and -- helen throw off she headset , leap out of she seat and -- --stretch : envelop she kid a instant before - ~ -- the jet explode , become a roiling fireball as the missile cut it in half . resume syndrome 's base - prison cell ~ same moment bob react in horror as the radar indicate a hit ! resume jet explosion : falling through the sky a orange - red ball emerge from the blast and slowly unfurl : it 's helen ( who 's out cold ) and the kide , who be wide awake and scream as they free- fall toward the ocean . ( continued } gl . continued : helen come to and sees she child plummete to they death . she stretch she arm , pull the kid in as she form into a parachute to arrest they descent . helen brace yourselves ! the ocean splashdown . the kid break the water 's surface in shock , sputtering and splash . violet & dash Mom ! what be we gonna do ? what be we gonna do ??? ( etc. ) helen I ’1ll tell you what we be not go to do . we nre not go to panic , and we be not goi -- look out !! helen shove the kid clear , diving -- underwater as a chunk of fuselage hit with a thunderous splash . helen watch it quickly disappear into the depth -- resume bob 's cell radio we have a confirm hit . target be destroy . syndrome ah , you will get over it . I seem to recall you prefer to ... '' work alone . '' with sudden rage Bob burst free of he leg cuff , drive he leg forward with tremendous force , and lunge for syndrome . mirage see he and shove syndrome clear , get snag in Bob 's arm . Bob be yank back into the grid , he arm cuff pull in opposite direction , mirage now catch in the middle . bob release I . now !! syndrome or what ? ( continued ) 82 . continued : bob I 'il crush she . syndrome sound a little dark for you . go ahead . mirage no -~ bob it will be easy . like break a toothpick . syndrome show I . a contest of will as the two stare each other down . but Bob do not have it in he . he let she go . mirage drop to the floor . syndrome look at Bob and sneer . syndrome ( cont ' D ) I know you could not do it . even when you have nothing to lose . you be weak . I have outgrown you . syndrome exit , follow by the technician and , finally , mirage . the room be empty and silent , save for the soft sound of the suspension arc hold bob. softly , Mr. incredible begin to weep . resume ocean dash and violet tread water , anxiously look at Mom . violet dash omigod ... omigod ... ! the we be dead ! we be dead ! we plane ! it blow up ! survive but we nre dead ! helen stop itlil ! helen splashes they face , startling they silent . helen ( cont ’d ) we be not go to die ! now both of you will get a grip or so help I I x11 ground you for a month ! understand ??? the kid nod . helen look up at the missile trail . helen ( cont 'd ) that be short - range missile . land ~ base . ( more ) { continued ) 83 . continued : helen ( cont 'd ) ( point to missile 's origin ) that way be we best bet . dash you want to go toward the people that try to kill we ?? helen if it mean land ... yes . violet you expect we to swim there ? helen I expect you ... to trust I . aerial shot - moving over the ocean a boat gain into the frame , skim over the water at a great speed . violet appear to be the only passenger . closer we see that the boat be actually helen , who have contort herself into a reasonable facsimile of a inflatable raft , and dash -- face backwards , he leg pound the water furiously -- be the outboard motor . violet sit impassively , she long hair stream in the wind , and try to find something interesting to look at . the incredi-boat speed away from we , head toward the missile trail 's origin , and the horizon . nomanisan beach - early evening it be just after sunset when helen , dash and violet stagger onto the beach , hungry and exhaust . helen collapse in a ungainly , slightly stretch out heap , spend ... her body slowly reverting into she usual shape . she look at dash with a tired smile . helen what a trooper . I be so proud of you . pant , dash smile and give she a weak wave . dash thanks , mom. 84 . inside a cave ~- a little later helen and the kid huddle around a fire , silent and somber . helen finally break the silence . helen I think you father be in trouble . violet if you have not notice , Mom , we be not do so hot either . helen I be go to look for he . that mean you be in charge until I get back , violet . dash what ??? violet {to dash ) you hear she . helen reach into the batter duffle and remove three mask . she put one on , hand the other two to she kid . helen put this on . you identity be you most valuable possession . protect it . if anything go wrong , use you power . violet but you say we should never -- helen I know what I say ! helen regret she outburst at once . she take a deep breath , compose herself , look at she kid . helen ( cont ’d ) remember the bad guy on that show you use to watch on Saturday morning ? ( the kid nod eagerly ) well , this guy be not like that guy . ( the kid deflate ) they will not exercise restraint because you be child . they will kill you if they get the chance . do not give they that chance . vi , I be count on you ... {continued ) 85 . continued : violet Mom , I - - helen ocut she off , firm ) I be count on you . be strong . ( beat , turn to dash ) dash , if anything go wrong , I want you to run as fast as you can ... dash nexcite by this ) as fast as I can ?? helen as fast as you can . stay hide . keep each other safe . i’1l be back by morning . helen give they a long hug , then turn to exit the cave . violet , look torture , run after she , stop she at the entrance . tear well up in violet 's eye . violet ( excruciate for she ) Mom ... what happen on the plane , when you ask I t~- I , I want to -- I be sorry ... helen place a finger over vi 's lip . meet she gaze and speak in a warm , sure tone . helen shh . it be not you fault . it be not fair for I to suddenly ask so much of you . but thing be different now . and doubt be a luxury we can not afford anymore , sweetie . you have more power than you realize . do not think . and do not worry . if the time come , you will know what to do . it 's in you blood . helen give violet a firm nod ... and disappear into the night . violet watch she mother get swallow by the darkness . she look down at the mask in she hand ... --- and carefully put it on . launch observation CENTER - syndrome 's base - night lose in think , syndrome stare down at the massive rocket in the center of the volcano , poise to launch . {continued ) 86 . continued : mirage he 's not weak , you know . mirage be seat at one of the many console , take note , she back to he . syndrome snap out of he dream and turn to mirage , the only other person in the room . syndrome what ? mirage value life be not weakness . syndrome cross to she , casually dismissive . syndrome hey , if you be talk about what happen in the containment unit , I have everything under control -- mirage and disregard it ... be not strength . syndrome sidy up behind she , lift she chin with a gentle hand and draw she face toward he . syndrome I call he bluff , sweetheart , that 's all . I know he would not have it in he to actually -- mirage shove he hand aside , and rise to confront he . mirage next time you gamble , bet you own life . she exit , leave syndrome befuddle and alone . ext . jungle - night helen enter a clear and look up . a monorail track soar high above the jungle floor . a monopod be come . helen throw she hand high , stretch they up to the pod pass overhead . it yank she offscreen . moving through the tree helen hang suspend beneath the pod on long arm , alternate hand to swing around the support column . gain momentum with each swing , she throw she body above the roof of the car , landing expertly on top . 87 . on top of the pod helen squint into the rush wind , see the track slice through the dense jungle canopy and lead directly into the base of the tower volcano . a familiar hum cause she to hide , and she slip down one side of the pod , out of view , as two hoverjet buzz by . helen watch the jet descend to a landing strip inside the volcano just as the pod plunge into a tunnel and -- inside the tunnel - moving with helen on the pod darkness . suddenly a open in the tunnel rush by , and helen catch a glimpse of the rocket ... and whoosh -- the pod be back into a tunnel . helen stretch she torso out like a sail . it catch wind and she release from the pod , reform and drop to the track with catlike grace . inside the base ~- tunnel entrance helen peek out of the tunnel , look out at the heavily guard launch pad . helen a rocket ? visible inside the open tip of the rocket sit a huge metallic wing with a enormous circular hole empty in its center , wait to be fill with ... what ? another corridor - later two armed guard march past camera . unseen above they , helen be stretch thin and hide between a cluster of pipe which run down the center of the corridor . she watch as the guard exit through a slide door . she drop like a liquid cat to the floor , and begin to move down the corridor . as helen pass a metal door , she catch sight of she reflection in its shiny surface , she stop , frowns . it 's be a while since she last supersuit ; she butt be a bit bigger than she remember . she wonder if she should lose a few -- -- when the whoosh of a door surprise she ... 88 . a guard come through the door at the far end of the hall . as he enter another junction , we see that helen have contort herself , arching perfectly around the door frame . the guard do not see she . he slide a card key through a reader to enter a restrict corridor . the door whoosh open . directly behind he , helen silently reform and begin to back through the doorway when the door behind she slide shut - ~ --trapping helen' leg . she wince , try in vain to pull it free . it 's stick . leave one hope -- -- the card key on guard # 1 be belt . stretching across the corridor , helen clamber after the guard on the palm of she hand , follow he into the -- inner chamber the guard stop at the elevator and press the call button , he back to helen . just behind he , stretch far and hold upright on one hand , helen reach with the other for the card key . she almost have it -- at the corridor the door suddenly close on she stretch torso . her upper third snap back , she middle third trapped and now stretch across - ~ hallway - central core two more guard ( # 2 & # 3 ) be travel in a transport . they be suddenly clotheslined by helen 's stretched torso . inner chamber n-knock the wind out of helen . directly in front of she at the far end of the hall , the elevator open for guard # 1 ; revealing guard # 4 inside . he sees helen . guard # 4 hey ! helen 's arm stretch forward -- 89 . inner chamber - tnside elevator in a blink : she fist clock guard # 4 , disarm guard # 1 hit he with the butt of he gun . as guard # 4 drop to the floor , # 1 hit the '' close '' button on the panel . the door close on helen 's arm . Guard # 1 grins . helen 's hand feel around , find guard # 1 , he chest ... chin ... face and -- -n-punch he light out . he drop . resume middle corridor the torso guard ( # 2 & # 3 ) get to they foot , and see helen , she arm still stretch , through the glass door . they level they gun at she . at the same moment -- blue corridor another guard ( # 5 ) come upon helen 's leg in the close door . the sight be so odd , he can only stare . he decide to poke the leg with the barrel of he machine gun . with helen -- as she react to the poke . she scowls -- resume blue corridor ~- she leg cock back and fishtail ~ kick guard # 5 , he fly backwards , he weapon discharge into the card scanner . the door open -- freeing helen 's legs , which sail across the corridor and -- smash the torso guard ( # 2 & # 3 ) against the middle door . they slide down into a heap ... out cold . inside elevator helen 's arm find one of the guard 's card key , slide it into the door scanner . the door OPEN , release she torso . access corridor helen drag the last of the unconscious guard over to a open wall panel and stuff he inside with the other . she throw she weight against the panel , finally get it shut . 90 . close on : a force field -- glow purple and flutter around a campfire , it struggle to take form and finally do , trapping the fire 's smoke inside . inside the cave - night dash watch as violet practice intently . she release the force field sphere ; the dark smoke ball rise upwards . vi throw another force field , recapture the smoke at the roof of the cave . dash get to he foot , grab a burn branch from the fire to use as a torch . dash welp , not that this be not fun ... but I be gonna go look around . violet what do you think be go on here ? you think we be on vacation or something ? Mom and dad 's life could be in jeopardy . or worse ... they marriage . dash they marriage ? ( vi nods sharply , pause ) so ... the bad guy be try to wreck Mom 's and dad 's marriage ?? violet forget it . you be so immature . dash ( exite ) okay , I be gonna go look around . violet Mom say to stay hide . dash I be not gonna leave the cave . sheesh ! rocket control room ~ same moment Ground control technician watch from the observation window as a giant metal sphere , a massive version of the dread omnidroid ... be carefully guide into place inside the top stage of the rocket . ( continued ) 91 . continued : the rocket 's nose cone be lower over the omnidroid and secure into place . the cylindrical blast shield close around the rocket . inside the cave lighting he way with a burn branch , dash explore the depth of the cave . suddenly the floor become smooth . dash look down , then hold he torch up . he 's inside a enormous man-made tunnel . dash cool ... his voice echoes a bit . dash brighten . he call again , louder this time . dash ( cont 'd ) cool ! his voice echoes : '' cool ! cool ! cool ! '' control room - same moment syndrome shove a pass key into the control board , give the key a twist ... then press the launch button . launch tube the rocket 's engine FIRE . the sound be deafen as the rocket 's massive weight slowly lift into the air ... inside the cave - tunnel entrance a low rumble and a subtle push of warm wind emanate from the depth of the tunnel , which begin to glow . dash 's smile drop as he realize it 's a enormous fireball rocketing towards he . he turn and run . with violet vii be still practice force field when the depth of the cave begin to rumble and glow . she look up . dase 's voice vitli vi vi vi vi villl violet { vi see cave brighten ) what do you do ?! 92 . outside the cave dash and violet race out of the cave , get clear just as a enormous wall of flame erupt after they . they look down with a shudder at how close they come . a roar behind they cause they to turn -- a rocket emerge from the center of the volcano , and soar into the night sky . control room - detention block helen look down from some vent in the ceiling . silently she stretch she neck until she head dangle down behind the guard . her p.o.v.: helen scan the detention grid ... and notice a tremendous spike of power to restrain the prisoner in cell 13 . helen Bob ... helen quickly pull she head back up through the vent in the ceiling and exit . guard # 1 huh ? what ...? guard # 2 I do not say anything . above the earth the final stage of the omnidroid 's capsule separate . the omni ship begin to descend below the cloud layer , toward the city . ext . nomanisan jungle - the next morning dash awaken , discover to he horror that he 's curl up with violet . repulsed , he jump up and shudder . o.s. voice identification ? startle , dash turn toward the sound . a brightly color bird perches in a nearby tree . bird identification , please ...? ( continued ) 93 . continued : dash ( laugh , nudge vi ) hey , violet ! look ! it talk ! violet ( half asleep ) hmn ? what ... dash ( point ) there ... that one . violet walk up and stare , also beguile by the bird . bird Voice key incorrect . dash chortle . violet 's smile start to fade -- violet '' Voice key '' ...? wait a second ... the bird 's head slowly swivel toward the kid with a soft compute SOUND . its eye light up red as its beak drop open , and it let out a shrill electronic alarm . resume jungle - dash & violet violet back away from the shriek bird , dash follow after she , panic . dash what do we do ?? violet run ! dash where be we go ?? violet away from here !? they turn and run . the shrieking bird take wing , follow after they . int . syndrome 's base - monitoring station alarm sound . a section of the island grid light up , locating the kide . a guard hit the scramble button . 94 , inside syndrome 's base - same moment helen hear the alarm , watch as the guard scramble . ext . base - moment later Guards on velocipod zoom out into jungle . int . containment unit Bob hang , defeat , in the suspension beam . the cell door slide OPEN . a figure be silhouett there -- mirage . she switch off the suspension ray . Bob drop to the floor . Bob just sit there on he knee , he eye cast downward . mirage cross to he , kneel down ... mirage there be not much time - ~ Bob 's hand flash out and clamp around she throat . he rise , hold she dangle body aloft with one hand . bob no , there be not . in fact , there 's no time at all . mirage ( gasp ) «.-pl--ease ... bob why be you here ? how can you possibly bring I lower ? what more can you take away from I ?? mirage ( struggle to speak ) F -~amily ... survive the crash ... they be here -- on the island ... bob -.. they be -- alive ?? Bob release he grip , mirage drop to the floor , gasp raggedly . Bob lift she up and embrace she . mirage drink it in , then react at the sight of a figure in the doorway . Bob look up . bob ( cont 'd ) helen -~? mirage and Bob push apart , mirage compose herself . { continued ) 95 . continued : mirage hello ! you must be Mrs. incr - ~ helen 's fist fly across the room and crack across mirage 's jaw . mirage spin and crash to the ground . Bob seize helen 's stretch wrist -- bob she be help I to escape - ~ helen no , that 's what I be do ! Bob pull she to he . she resist , push he away with she stretchy limb like a cat be force into a bath as - helen ( cont 'd ) let go of I -- let go -- you lousy , lie , unfaithful , creep , I -- ~- Bob smother she protest with a big kiss . bob how could I betray the perfect woman ? helen ( still irk ) oh , you be refer to I now ... bob where be the kid ? mirage sit up , hold she jaw . mirage they might have trigger the alert . Security 's be send into the jungle . you would better get go . helen what ?? now we kid be in danger ?? Bob and helen turn to exit , bicker as they do . bob if you suspect danger , why no you bring they ? helen I do not bring they , they stow away and I do not think you be strike the proper tone here - ~ 36 . jungle - with dash and VI - same moment running blindly . the kid be suddenly confront by guard on three manned velocipod . glancing at the guard , violet speak quietly to dash . violet dash . remember what Mom say . dash what ...? lead guard stop talk ! abruptly vi vanish . dash look around in surprise . violet 's voice dash !! run !! suddenly understanding -- dash bolt , jump from the transport and vanish into the jungle . it happen fast : the guard 's head snap toward the sound of vi 's voice . he swing he rifle -- we hear a heavy thud as violet 's ( invisible ) body be knock from the transport : a cloud of dust surround a impression in the dirt . guard # 2 they be super ! lead guard get the boy ! 3 guard take off after dash on velocipod . lead guard ( cont 'd ) show yourself ! racing through the jungle dash blast through the foliage on foot , unbelievably fast , a manned velocipod hot on he tail . but the terrain be dense , uneven and difficult , and dash be force to adhere to the thin trail wind through the growth . up ahead a swarm of fly fuss in the air . suddenly dash burst into view ; rocketing right through the swarm ! bug splatter dash 's face like a interstate windshield -- ( continued ) 97 . continued : dase aggcchh !1! dash stumble , careen end over end through the undergrowth like a indy 500 car crash , and finally tumble to a stop . unharm , but thoroughly repulsed , dash wipe he bug-spatter face and tooth . dash ( cont 'd ) achpppt !! ptthwaaagh ! pthpt ! a velocipod burst out of the brush after he and he take off , tear through the jungle . running fast , dash grab a long vine -- which send he out in a wide arc that surprise the trail guard . he shoot past dash and roar off into the undergrowth . dash release the vine , tumble roughly to he foot , and run . a velocipod burst out of the brush and be on top of he . impossibly , dash accelerate , stay just ahead of it . he see another vine , grab it and be propelled upward -~- above the tree dash explode out of the canopy , flail , out of control . he look down and see -- ~- the treetop suddenly drop away . dash be falling off a cliff , scream he ten-year - old lung out as he -- --land on a velocipod !! fleetingly astonished by he good luck , dash look up as the startle guard whirl around to face he . the guard swing . dash duck and reluctantly throw a punch at the guard 's face . it land ! thrill that he raw speed render the guard powerless to dodge or return he punch , dash laugh and , grow more confident with each punch , sock the guard again and again , blissfully unaware that no one be drive . dash look up . his jaw drop : a rock wall loom ahead ! dash point at it . the guard see a open and sock dash in the face , knock he off just as - ~ -- the velocipod slam into the cliff face , vaporize in a fireball ! ( continued ) 98 . continued : dash fall : make desperate , flail grab as he hit limb after limb of a enormous tree , finally get hold of a branch and arrest he descent . he pants , heart racing , and look down to see - ~ --his foot dangle about a yard off the jungle floor . elate about he survival , dash drop to the ground and let out a loud whoop , immediately alert -- two guard on velocipod nearby to he presence . they turn they v-pod after he . with dash as he bolt again , accelerate to breakneck speed . he smashes through a endless succession of foliage -- nearly collide with tree trunk and rock and suddenly -- a lagoon lie in front of he . dash react : the vopod be on he tail , he have nowhere to go , so he take a deep breath and step on it -- -- and have enough velocity to run across the water ! amaze and exhilated , dash blast across the water 's surface , weaving like a speedboat around the large volcanic rock jutting out of the water . velocipod OPEN FIRE ... strafing the water as dash be pursue into a cave . velocipod # 2 pull up short at the cave entrance , and choose to go around . inside the cave dash run , velocipod on he heel . weave around rock , manage to put some distance between himself and velocipod when he see -- v-pod # 2 come straight at he ! dash wheel around , he leg churn the water like a cggbeater . he sees v~pod # 1 close fast . he have nowhere to go and , like a deer in headlight , dash stop -- ~-suddenly drop beneath the water 's surface as the velocipod collide -- booom ! somewhere in the jungle - moving - same moment Bob and helen run , not tired but breathe hard - ~ ( continued ) 99 . continued : bob I should have tell you I be fire , I admit it , but I do not want you to worry -- helen you do not want I to worry ?? and now we be run for we life through some godforsake jungle ! bob you keep try to pick a fight , but I be still just happy you be alive -- another part of the jungle - violet & the guard the remain guard wait , he machine gun at the ready . suddenly the dirt move . the guard fire , strafing the ground just behind a succession of footprint that streak toward the river moment before a splash appear . the river - under the water 's surface we see a violet - shape distortion as bullet trail furiously slice the surround water . with the guard ~-still fire . he stop , unnerve and adrenalize . tense and ready , he nervously scan the river . guard # 1 I know you be there , little miss disappear . you can not hide from I ... train he gun where he last see violet , the guard grab a handful of dirt from the riverbank and throw it into the water . he shoulder he rifle , watch the dirt turn into a brown cloud as it travel downstream ... .. make visible a violet -nshaped pocket . guard # 1 ( cont 'd ) ... there you be ... the guard take AIM and -- dash blur past -~ dash hey ! ( continued ) 100 . continued : --knocking the guard 's gun barrel skyward as it fire . the guard swing around -- strafing the ground at dash 's heel as he plunge back into the jungle . a splash explode from the river as invisible violet make a break for it . the guard see this and swing the gun toward she as -- dash blast out of the jungle and knock the Guard 's leg out from under he . they tumble and scrap , dash redeem he lack of size with lightning - fast punch and feint . dash ( cont 'd ) stay away from my sister !! disorient , the guard swing and -- nxoconnect --— knock dash off he foot . he tumble backward , daze . the guard shoulder he rifle , leveling it at dash . dash look up ; see he 's screw . the guard grins wickedly ... and pull the trigger -- violet suddenly appear in mid-air , diving in front of dash as she throws a force field around they ! a hail of bullet ricochet off the force field . inside the force field dash look up , see violet suspended in mid - AIR in the center of the electric sphere . dash how be you do that ??? violet I do not know ! dash well , whatever you do -- don ’t stop ! wider as dash start to walk within the force field like a gerbil on a wheel . violet spin ever faster in the sphere 's hub as dash accelerate into a run . the guard empty they clip at the rolling sphere with no effect . it rumble past they and straight into the jungle . 101 . moving with the rolling force field as it carry dash and vi down a steep hillside into the path of two speed velocipod , who FIRE at the sphere . it 's clipped by one velocipod -- which then spiral into a rock and explode . a jungle clearing , not far away - same moment Bob and helen hear the explosion be echo , and stop , worried . that 's when they hear the rumble . before they can get clear , the rolling force field burst out of the brush -- inside the sphere the child react as they surprised parent flatten against the force field like dough against a roll pin , revolve in and out of view . violet & dash Mom !! dad ]! resume wide view violet vanish the force field and the entire family tumble to the jungle floor . bob & helen kide !! there be a frantic , joyful exchange of hug and kiss , unfortunately cut short when -- velocipod explode out of the foliage ! the incredible instantly jump to they foot : helen throw a stretched scissor kick which catch a guard in the chest , knock he out of he v~pod . Bob chop a second pass velocipod -- it plows straight into the soft jungle floor . before its pilot can react -- -- helen 's arm be coiled around he . she yank he from the vehicle , whiplashing he into another guard , knock they both out cold . Bob grab the crash V - pod and frisbee it into a V - pod emerge from the tree -- boooom ! and it 's over . Bob and helen have forget how good they be . they exchange lustful glance . ( continued ) 102 . continued : bob & helen ( cont ’d ) ( to each other ) I love you ... suddenly the jungle be fill with guard and velocipcd . and just as quickly the incredible turn as one against they , a hurricane blur of superpower , suddenly bring to a crashing halt -~ -- as immobi - ray strike the incredible , suspending they all , motionless , in mid - AIR . syndrome whoa whoa whoa -- time out !! syndrome keep he wrist cross ; one beam train on the suspended couple , the other on the suspended kide . syndrome ( cont 'd ) what have we here ? match uniform ?? he glance between the four face . his eye narrow as he zeroe in on helen . a astonished smile split he face . syndrome ( cont ’d ) oh....e. no -~ elastigirl ?? ( laugh , turn to Bob ) you ... marry elastigirl ? ( he stop , see the kid ) and get biz - zay ! it 's a whole family of super ! look like I have hit the jackpot ! oh , this be just too goood !! on a giant screen : network news footage of a crowd gather around a smolder hulk rest at the base of a large building . the tv channel change . another reporter be cover the same story . camera widen : syndrome be delightedly channel surfing with a remote control of he own invention . we be in the -- prison chamber - syndrome 's base — day the incredible -- Bob , helen , violet and dash -- be all imprison side by side in suspension beam . syndrome ( turn to incredible ) huh ? huh ?? oh , come on , you have gotta admit this be cool ! just like a movie ! ( more ) ( continued ) 103 . continued : syndrome ( cont 'd ) the robot will emerge dramatically , do some damage , throng of scream people , and just when all hope be lose , syndrome will save the day . I will be a bigger hero than you ever be ! bob you mean you kill off real heroes so that you could pretend to be one ???!! syndrome oh I ’m real ! Real enough to defeat you ! and I do it without you precious gift , you oh-so-special power ! i’1l give they heroic , I will give ‘em the most spectacular heroic anyone 's ever see ! and when I be old and I have have my fun , I nil sell my invention , so everyone can be superhero , everyone can be Super ! and when everyone 's Super - - ( he turn ) ~- no one will be . syndrome exit , cackle . resume containment unit the incredible hang in mid-air , defeat ... as a live newscast cover the terrifying omnidroid attack . bob I be sorry . the other look up in dull surprise at Bob 's confession . bob ( cont 'd ) this be my fault . I have be a lousy father . blind ... to what I have . behind Bob , violet begin to rock back and forth , revealing that she 's suspend not in syndrome 's Ray , but in the center of she own force field ! bob ( cont ’d ) so obsessed with be undervalue that I undervalue ail of you . dash dad - — helen sh ! do not interrupt . ( continued ) 104 . continued : bob so catch up in the past that I , I - ~ ( Bob hesitates , sincere ) -- you be my great adventure . and I almost miss it . violet have gather enough momentum to roll she sphere out of the suspension beam and over to the control panel . bob ( cont ’d ) I swear I be gonna get we out of this if -- violet ( interrupt ) well . I think dad have make some excellent progress today . but it 's time to wind down now - ~ violet throw a switch , release the incredible from the beam . they drop to the floor . launching BAY - nomanisan - day the incredible race through a empty corridor . bob we need to get back to the mainland . helen I see a aircraft hangar on my way in . straight ahead , I think -- Bob 's hand pry open the heavy metal door , crunching they like foil . the incredible enter the huge hangar unmolested . bob where be all the guard ? ( to family ) go ... gol laughter drift out of a large winnebago crown with transmission array park near the launchpad . inside the winnebago the guard watch live coverage of the omnidroid attack on a video monitor . Champagne be pop : the cork be unexpectedly caught by someone stand in the doorway -- ~-mr. incredible . the guard fall silent ... 105 . outside the mobile unit the vehicle rock as Bob quickly punch out the guard within . in moment Bob emerge , whistle to he family that the coast be clear . helen this be the hangar , but I do not see any jet . bob a jet 's not fast enough . helen what 's faster than a jet ? dash how about a rocket ? the other incredible follow dash 's finger to a enormous shield - shape rocket , identical to the one launch earlier -- save for a perfect circular hole in the center . helen great . I can not fly a rocket . violet you do not have to . use the coordinate from the last launch . Bob & helen beam at they daughter 's cleverness . then Bob 's smile fade . bob wait . in 1ll bet syndrome 's change the password by now . how do I get into the computer ? a voice come over the loudspeaker . voice say please . the incredible turn and look up . mirage stand in the monitoring station above the launchpad , smile . int . high rise apartment - municiberg - same moment the stereo play soft jazz as lucius best ( aka frozone ) dress for dinner . he slap some aftershave on he face , check he look in the mirror . a low series of boom grow louder , cause he to look up to see -- ( continued ) 106 . continued : ~- the omnidroid lumber past the soar window of he fifth floor apartment , a military chopper strafing it with machine - gun fire . immediately go through he dresser drawer . frozone honey 's voice honey ? what ? frozone honey 's voice where 's my supersuit ? what ? frozone honey 's voice where . be . my. super . I put it away ! suit ?! the military chopper , now on fire , spiral past the picture window and explode , lighting up the room . frozone honey 's voice where ?! why do you need to know ? frozone I need it ! frozone be run now , down the hallway , go in and out of view , frantically search room and closet . honey' voice huh -uh ! you better not be think about do no derring - do ! we have be plan this dinner for two month ! frozone the public be in danger ! honey' voice my evening 's in danger ! frozone tell I where my suit be , woman ! we be talk about the great good ! honey 's voice " Greater good '' ?! I be you wife ! I be the great good you be ever go to get ! ext . CITY street - moment later the driver of a gasoline tanker truck screech to a halt , he eye bugging out at the rampaging robot . trucker runi ( continued ) 107 . continued : he jump from the truck just as the robot seize the tanker in a giant claw , and fling it down the street . a young mother see it arcing toward she baby carriage . young mother my baby ! the crowd be immediately electrify by the sight of the red-haire superhero . '' the super have return ! '' '' be that fi-ronic ? '' '' no , fi-ronic have a different outfit ! '' syndrome no , no ... I be a new superhero ! I be syndrome ! ! syndrome carelessly fling the tanker truck behind he with a flourish . it explode , frightening the crowd . syndrome ( cont ’d ) alright , stand back ! the omnidroid reach a massive claw toward syndrome , who press a series of button on he power cuff . the robot freeze suddenly , idling . syndrome smile , press another series of button on he remote . syndrome ( cont ’d ) someone need to teach this hunk of metal a few manners !! put on a good show , syndrome fly around the idling bot , and deliver a punch to one of its leg socket . omnidroid 's p.o.v.: technical readout spray across its viewscreen as it confirm syndrome instruction : restrain battle mode . detach arm at signal . resume ext . omnidroid on cue , one of the omnidroid 's limb suddenly fall out of its socket , thudding uselessly to the ground . as syndrome revel in the cheer of the crowd , we push in on the omnidroid . it 's watch syndrome . and thinking ... omnidroid be p.o.v .: technical readout spray across its viewscreen as it analyze : control stolen by external signal ( continued ) 108 . continued : locate source : external signal column of number be crunch . the omnidroid 's lens - eye zoom in on the control band around syndrome 's wrist -- signal source : remote control ~- and come to a logical conclusion : override external control destroy remote control resume ext . omnidroid the omnidroid fire a precise laser shot , blast the remote right off syndrome 's wrist . it clatter to the street . syndrome whirl around in horror as the bot go after he . omnidroid trounce syndrome knock he out cold . robot then resume its havoc . frozone appear on the scene . high above the earth another rocket , identical to the first one , descend from the cloud . again , it separate into quarter which fall away , revealing the landing craft inside -- -- and only then do we notice what 's different about it : in the center of the large , perfectly round hole design to house the omnidroid be -~ --a winnebago ... precariously hold in place by a very stretch , very stress helen . inside the van Bob be at the wheel , vi and dash be seat at a small table in the back . dash be we there yet ? bob we get there when we get there ! Bob open he window . wind rush in , scatter loose debris everywhere . 109 . ext . van Bob lean out the window , shout to helen up on the roof . bob how you do , honey ??? helen do I have to answer ??? the giant wing be descend , glide closer to the water , as the CITY loom closer directly ahead . int . van bob kide ? strap yourselves down like I told you ! the kid move to the seat at the monitor panel , belting themselves in . Bob open he window , yell up to helen -- bob ( cont ’d ) here we go , honey ! ( back inside ) ready , violet ? violet hold a hand over a giant , jerry - rig release switch . bob ( cont 'd ) ready ... now !!! vi slam the switch . ext . van the explosive bolt FIRE , separate the wing . helen lets go with a pain shout , swing inside through the window . int . van Bob step on the gas . the van wheel spin . Bob tense as he watch the speedometer move past 110 ... 120 ... 130 ... bob this be go to be rough ! ext . CITY street - moving with they the van sail over a overpass , clipping a light pole , and crash to the pavement in a shower of spark . fly down the street at 200 mph . Fighting to keep control , Bob ( continued } 110 . continued : hit the brake . smoke erupt from the wheel well . i/e van ~ moving with they bob the robot in the financial district . which exit do I take ? helen traction Avenue . bob that 's 11 take I downtown ! I take seventh , do not I ? Bob crank the wheel and cut across several lane toward the seventh Street exit . helen don't take seventh !!! Bob abort the exit , swerving hard to avoid collision . bob ( furious ) great ! we miss it !! helen bob you ask I how to get that will take I downtown ! there and I tell you : exit at traction ! helen bob it 's come up ! get in the ( change lane ) right lane ! signal ! we do not exit at traction ! helen bob you're gonna miss it !! eeeyaaaahhhh ! ext . freeway - moving with the van the van take a violent swerve across six lane , barely make the offramp ! spark spray as the van slam into the metal railing . the van careen off the railing and into traffic , narrowly miss a semi . horn blare . int . van Bob 's tooth clench as he fight to slow the car down . he stomp both feet on the brake . ext . van its tire smoking , the Van pull sideways and lose it , tumbling down the center of the street , spraying metal piece in its wake . it roll into a open parking space , and land -- miraculously upright , stripped like a ear of eat corn . int . van Bob and helen sit up woozily . Bob turn to the kid . bob be everybody okay back there ...? violet and dash pull themselves upright . they look as if they have emerge from a industrial tumble dryer . violet super~duper , dad ...! dash let 's do that again ! the omnidroid come into view through the crack windshield . Bob release he seat belt , turn to helen . bob wait here and stay hide . I be go in . ext . van Bob grimly start after the omnidroid . helen stretch a arm out and grab he shoulder , spin he around . helen while what ? I watch helplessly from the sideline ? I do not think so . bob I be ask you to wait with the kid . helen and I be tell you '' not a chance . '' you be my husband . I be with you . for better or worse . bob I have to do this alone . helen bob what be this to you ? no . playtime ? { continued} continued : helen bob so you can be Mr. not ! incredible again ?? helen bob then what ? what be it ??? I be ... I be not -- helen bob not what ?? -- not strong enough ! helen bob '' strong enough " ?? and this yes -- no !! will make you stronger ?? helen that 's what this be ? some sort of workout ? !! bob ( grab she suddenly ) I can't lose you again !!! helen be stunne . she stare at Bob , whose head be bow like a child . bob ( cont ’d ) I can not . not again ... ( a whisper ) .-. Z be not streng enough . helen search Bob 's eye , deeply touch . she throw she arm around he , kissing he . helen if we work together you will not have to be . bok look into she eye , equally tender . bob I do not know what will happen . helen hey , we be superhero . what could happen ? violet scream . she and dash jump clear just as the van be crushed by the omnidroid 's metal foot . the incredible run . another omnidroid foot smashes into the street , block the kid way . Bob and helen stop , whirling -- helen ( cont ’d ) vi , dash -- no !! ( continued } 113 . continued : ( 2 ) the omnidroid be now fully focus on the kid , pound violet 's force field relentlessly with its giant claw . the shield hold . the bot draw itself up , and drop -- the entirety of its massive bulk slam into the force field -- n-knock vi unconscious . her force field flicker out . dash violet ...? again the bot draw itself up to deliver the crush blow . dash cringe and the bot drop -- ~- and hit a obstacle halfway down . dash look up -- dash ( cont ’d ) dad ! Bob be underneath the bot , on he back , he arm and leg strain under the weight of it . bob go ... go --! vi come to , and be instantly yanked out from under the machine and into helen 's arm . dash follow they around the corner . strain , Bob lift the bot enough to get he foot underneath he . the bot snatch Bob out from underneath and fling he at a building across the street . int . build - eighth floor office the window shatter as Bob 's body tumble across the floor , scatter desk and chair . ext . CITY street helen round a corner out of the omnidroid 's view and carefully set violet down . she look at dash and vi. helen ( firm ) stay here . okay ? helen turn away , charge back toward the robot . vi and dash watch they fearless mother in amazement . 114 . with bob and the omnidroid as the bot pull itself up the building to look for Bob . Bob charge the bot , hit it with enough force to dislodge it from the building . it fall , crash into the street with a earth -shatter boom . Bob fall with it but roll and land on he foot . the familiar sound of crack ice cause Bob to look up -- bob frozone ! yeah !! a narrow sheet of ice streak across the pavement and frozone skate past , join the fight . following frozone he move to the omnidroid , expertly icing its joint as it try to get up . the machine whine as its motor strain against the ice . further down the STREET helen rush up to Bob . helen Bob - ~ just then frozone sail into frame and crash into the roof of a park car . Bob turn angrily toward the robot -- bob hey --!! ~- and be immediately smacked by the robot . Bob fly into the side of a building and tumble to the street . frozone and helen distract the robot , heckling it and spread out . it go after they like a enraged beast . daze , Bob look up and see a strange device on the ground in front of he . he examine it , he eye widen when he realize what it be . he hold it up , yell excitedly to the other -- bob ( cont ’d ) syndrome’s remote ! ! wham ! the bot come down on Bob like a ton of brick , lift he high above the ground . miraculously , Bob have hold on to the remote , and he quickly stab at the button , hope to get lucky . ( continued ) continued : with a boom one of the bot ' 's limb release , send it -- and Bob -- crash to the ground . around the corner violet see this . she turn to dash . violet the remote control the robot ! with bob and the omnidroid the omnidroid know this too , and it fire laser blast at Bob to try to stop Bob from use the remote . Bob jump clear , then hear he son from down the street . dash hey , dad ! throw it ! throw it !! bob go long !! Bob give the remote a monster throw , fling it high into the air and across the river . dash pivot and take off after it . the omni see dash and start fire after he with dash as he hit the water , jetting across the water 's surface as the omni fire away . the water explode around dash , but he concentrate on the remote , follow it into he hand like a NFL receiver . dash I got it !! dash cross the river and hit the street on the other side , seemingly home free . but the omni be still firing , and it hit some car in dash 's path , ignite they gas tank . suddenly dash be surround by a wall of flame ! with bob he run toward helen , who be closer to the omnidroid . bob honey ! take out its gun !! 116 . helen hear he . she grab a heavy manhole cover , wind she elastic arm around a light pole to fling it -~ like a arrow -- at the omnidroid 's gun . bull 's -eye . across the river what follow amount to a game of hot potato between the super and the robot over the remote : frozone save dash from the circle of burn car . the robot see this and go after they . with dash on he back , frozone race across the river , freezing it in front of he as he go . the robot jump -- almost on top of they , create a massive wave and throw dash and frozone high into the air . think fast , frozone turn the wave into a wall of snow . it crash over the street , cushion they fall . in the STREET —- nearby the remote clatter to the ground . Bob see it and run for it . the bot see Bob and fire a claw -- catch Bob just as he be reach for the remote . the claw -- with Bob inside -- tumble end over end down the street . with Bob out of the way , the bot head for the remote . frozone ice the robot 's path , cause the bot 's metal foot to slip and slide . helen run ahead of the bot , stretch herself into a tripwire across the stumbling robot 's path . it crash to the street . the bot look up . the remote lie on the street just in front of it , easily within its grasp . the bot reach out with a claw to destroy the remote . the remote magically jump clear . the bot try again , and again the remote dart away . riled now , the bot rear up and stab wildly at the remote with all of its arm . we hear violet shriek , as the remote repeatedly elude the robot 's grasp : finally tangling its leg so badly that it topple over . vi reappear , run back to rejoin the group in the middle of the street . violet Mom , I get it ! I get the remote ! frozone a remote ? a remote that control what ? ( continued ) il7 . continued : violet begin to fiddle with the remote 's click - wheel , poke its button to no effect . the robot have get to its foot and lunge toward they . violet shriek and press the button a last time . rocket FIRE underneath the robot 's claw foot , lift the enormous machine into the air . frozone ( cont 'd ) the robot ??? everyone duck as the robot rocket overhead , crash into a building at the end of the street . like a woozy prizefighter , the omnidroid get back on its foot . dash it 's come back ! dash snatch the remote from violet , aim it at the robot , spin the click - wheel and press a button . behind dash ( and unseen by all ) the claw on the robot 's detach arm spring OPEN -~ fling Bob into the air . dash ( cont 'd ) that be not right . violet ( snatching remote back ) give I that ! down the STREET - with bob he climb to he foot , mutter to himself . bob we can not stop it ...! the only thing hard enough to penetrate it be ... a think hit he . he turn , stare at the metal claw . bob ( cont 'd ) ..- itself . with frozone , helen & the kide helen have the remote now and be try to figure it out . the omnidroid have they all in its sight and be lumber toward they . the kid be start to panic . helen no , this will work ! this 's 1ll work ! {te frozone} lucius , try to buy we some time ! ( continued ) 118 . continued : frozone ( be : button , exite ) try the one next to it ! lucius take off , throw ice and skate down the street toward the approach robot . he jump off a ice ramp , he skate converting into a circular ski-disc in mid-air . he land , throw a massive ice wall in front of the robot . with bob as he close the claw into a massive arrowhead and start charge down the street . with helen & the kide helen dial the click - wheel on the remote , poke a button . resume bob the back of the claw suddenly fire a rocket engine . Bob veer crazily , try to control it . resume helen & the kide she poke the button again . now close to the group , Bob 's claw rocket switch off . Bob get a idea . bob wait a minute - -! ( yell to helen ) Press that button again ! helen press a button . the claw blade start to spin . bob ( cont 'd ) no -- the other one ! the first one ! helen first button -- get it ! the omnidroid have break through the first ice wall , and pound away at a second one . though frozone 's give it all he 's get , the robot 's start to get through . frozone helen ??? helen look at the remote , gesture at she kid . ( continued ) 119 . continued : helen get outta here , kid ! find a safe spot ! violet we be not go anywhere ! bob ( from down the STREET ) PRESS the button ! helen not yet ! the omnidroid be pound through the second wall . Bob shout from behind they . bob what 're you waiting for ??! helen a closer target ! you got one shot ! the omnidroid shatter the last wall -- it 's almost on top of they . helen press the button . the claw - rocket fire . Bob aim it directly at the omnidroid 's metal underbelly -- bob everybody duck !! -- and release it . the giant metal arrow roar overhead and drill clean through the robot 's body , come out the other side . for a long moment nothing happen . then the gargantuan machine keel over and explode . it 's over . the family look at each other , stunne . frozone start to chuckle . Bob smile as he look at he Super family . it feel like he best memory ... only better . the seemingly empty city begin to come to life , as people emerge from they hide place , converge in the street . people begin to spontaneously cheer the heroes , welcoming the super 's return . two elderly gentlemen stand together in the crowd . one nudge the other . frank see that ? that 's the way you do it . that 's Old School . ollie yup . no school like the Old School . 120 . on a nearby rooftop syndrome come to . look over the edge to the street below to find the battle over and the mass cheer -- not for he , but for the group of super . he darken . syndrome no--1 ! with frozone and the incredible they drink in the cheer as the ador crowd gather around they . frozone just like old time . bob just like old time ... Bob slap frozone on the back , a little too hard . frozone shake it off . frozone yeah . hurt then , too . ext . CITY street ~ moving - dusk a long , black limo cruise down the street . inside the limo - continuous Bob sit proudly with he family as Rick dicker debrief they . everyone be enjoy the moment , save for helen , who have already click back into '' mother - mode '' and be use the car phone to get message . dicker we have freeze all he asset . if syndrome even sneeze we will be there with a hanky and a pair of handcuffs . the people of this country be indebted to you . we will make good on it . bob do this mean we can come out of hide ? dicker let the politician figure that one out . but I have be ask to assure you that we will take care of everything else . you do good , Bob . ( continued ) 121 . continued : dash play with the electric window as helen retrieve message from the car phone . window up , window down ... kari 's voice ( beep ) hello , Mrs. parr . everything 's fine , but there 's something -- unusual about Jack - Jack . can you call I , okay ? ..- window up , up , down , up . finally helen snap . helen {to dash ) come on ! we be in a limo ! Bob be look appreciatively at violet . bob you be wear you hair back . violet huh ? oh , yeah . I just ... yeah . bob it look good . violet ( blush ) thanks , dad . dash ( to Bob ) that be so cool when you throw that car . bob not as cool as you run on water . dash and Mom when she -- hey , Mom ! that be sweet when you snag that bad guy with you arm and kinda like whiplash he into the other guy -- helen I be try to listen to message , honey ... dash and we totally ace that guy that try to kill we ! that be the best vacation ever ! I love we family . ( continued ) 122 . continued : ( 2 ) kari 's voice ( beep ) . . it 's I ! Jack - Jack 's still fine but I be really get weird out !! when be you coming back ?? helen onudge Bob , share phone ) Bob , listen to this -- helen be listen to the last message as the limo slow to a stop in front of they home -- dicker here we be ... kari ‘s voice ( through phone , calmer ) hi , this be kari . sorry for freaking out . but you baby have special need . anyway , thanks for send a replacement sitter -- helen ( look at Bob , alarmed ) '' replacement '' ...? I do not call for a replacement ! Bob 's eye widen . he and helen jump from the car , follow by the kid . they cross the lawn and burst through the front door to reveal -- syndrome who spin , hit the family with he zero - point ray . cradle a sleep Jack - Jack in he arm , he grin . syndrome shh . the baby 's sleep . he cackle . the incredible be freeze and helpless in the grasp of the zero - point . only they eye betray they desperation . syndrome ( cont ’d ) you take away my future . I be simply return the favor . do not worry . I will be a good mentor ; supportive , encourage . everything you be not . and in time , who know ? he might make a good sidekick ... ( continued } 123 . continued : syndrome fling the family into the bookcase . he point he power band toward the roof and blow a huge hole in it , revealing he manta jet hover high above . syndrome fire he jet-boot and take off toward the jet . helen he 's get away , Bob ! we have to do something ! we have to do something now ! ascending with syndrome & jack - jack - dusk jack - jack awaken to the sight of he family and home recede beneath he . he cry , reach out for they . syndrome near the manta jet . jack - jack 's cry turn angry and suddenly he burst into flame . syndrome shriek . Jack - Jack 's fire go out , revealing that the baby have turn to metal . syndrome drop with the sudden weight . his jet - — boot compensate , but syndrome be struggle to stay aloft . the baby 's flesh revert to normal , but the baby begin to vibrate fiercely . syndrome can barely keep hold of he . on the ground helen turn to Bob , panicked . helen something 's happen ! what 's happen ?? resume syndrome & jack - jack the vibrate baby begin to redden , transforming abruptly into mini-monster . the Jack - Jack monster throw a headlock around syndrome , laugh maniacally and start to rip apart syndrome 's jet-boot ! on the ground Bob and helen watch helplessly . helen we have to stop he ! throw something ! bob toca not ! I might hit Jack -jack ! helen ( realization , softly ) throw I ... 124 , with syndrome and jack - jack Jack - Jack rip a valve from syndrome 's jet-boot , which propel he upward , slamm he head into the jet 's wing . he lose hold of Jack -jack , who fall ~ - on the ground helen sees this , turn to Bob -- helen Bob -- throw I !! helen leap into Bob 's arm , form into a spear shape . bob take aim and fling her toward the fall baby . in the sky helen soar -- and grab jack - jack ! she quickly bloom into a parachute . int . / ext . manta jet syndrome regains control . he successfully dock with the hover manta jet . he stand at the docking door , he cape blow dramatically upwards ... syndrome this isn't the end of it !! on the ground Bob look around wildly for a way to get at syndrome , and spy he sport car . regret flash across he face -- ext . manta jet syndrome I will get you son !! i’ll - - oh no ... syndrome 's eye go wide . bob 's car be soar toward he , tumble end over end towards the manta jet . syndrome jump back as the craft collide , blow he off he foot and up over the wing , toward the turbine . claw madly to find purchase , he look over he shoulder in time to see the end of he cape suck into the intake . syndrome scream as he 's yanked out of frame -- on the ground bob , dash & VI react as the manta jet explode . 125 . descending with helen and jack - jack helen cradle Jack - Jack face upwards , he back toward the ground . he look at she , giggle and coo . helen look at mommy , honey . do not look down , mommy 's get you . everything 's alright ... but Jack - Jack see burn wreckage come toward they and start to shriek , point upwards . helen turn to see it as -- wreckage crash on top of they , destroy the parr home . helen & jj be save . VI and helen exchange a meaningful look : helen ( cont ‘d ) that 's my girl . dash do this mean we have to move again ? everyone chuckle at this . the smoke begin to clear , revealing a lone witness to this cataclysmic event -- -- the Big wheel kid , whose eye be as big as dinner plate . rid ooohh , man , that be totally wicked ! fade to black . ext . parker stadium - day - three month later the stadium parking lot be about half full ona beautiful cloudless day . the marquee announce junior high track final . inside the stadium Young runner loosen up at the start line of the hundred - yard dash . dash be among they . he wave to the stand . in the stand Bob , helen and Jack - Jack wave back . come down the step be none other than violet 's crush , tony rydinger . he wave cooly at some friend and head toward the concession stand ... pausing when he see violet and a friend talk nearby . he approach they . ( continued ) 126 . continued : tony {to violet ) hey . violet hey . tony you're ... violet , right ? with a smile , vi 's friend exit . violet that 's I . tony you look ... different . violet I feel different . be different okay ...? tony different be great . would you ... uh ... violet tony yeah ...? do you ... want ... violet tony yeah ... maybe ... we , uh ... could -- violet silence tony with a single finger on he lip . tony stare at she in shock and wonder . violet I like movie . i’1l buy the popcorn . ( then , gently ) okay ...? tony yeah . good . a movie . okay . Friday ? violet ( big smile ) Friday . on the field the starter pistol fire and the runner take off . dash jog well behind the pack in a confident , easy trot . in the stand Bob , helen , and violet cheer dash on . ( continued ) 127 . continued : bob , helen & violet get ! go , dash , go !! run. run! runi ! ( etc . ) dash hear they and look toward the stand . bob & helen go , dash , go ! pour it on , son ! hit the gas ! ( etc . ) dash , he eye still on he family , accelerate a little and quickly move toward the front of the pack ... bob & helen ( cont ’d ) -- but not too much !! pull it back ! pull it back !! ease up ! slow down a little !! dash , clearly confuse now , furrow he brow as he again drop back . the family shout louder ~- bob & helen ( cont ’d ) but do not give up !! make it close -- second !! go for second ! a close second !! understand , dash accelerate just enough to scare the leader , crossing the finish line inch behind he . in the stand the incredible be ecstatic . they cheer and laugh and jostle each other as if dash have win Olympic gold . dash stand in the cluster of panting , red -face boy , not even wind , and beam at he proud family . bob ( 0.s. ) that 's my boy !! stadium parking lot - minute later the family cross the parking lot , dash sit atop Bob 's shoulder , clutching he second - place trophy . everyone be happy and together . helen you be great . out there , honey . we be so proud of you . dash T see you in the stand . I do not know what the heck you want I to do ... {continued ) 128 . continued : the ground begin to quake . the incredible stop as the low rumble grow louder . on the far side of the lot , car begin to be throw into the air , toss about like toy . a gargantuan drill spiral out of the ground , throw dirt and chunks of asphalt in all direction . people run scream as the enormous metallic vehicle crest and crash to earth . a door open on top and a hulk figure in dirty overall emerge atop a rise platform . his rag voice amplify through a loudspeaker , the underminer speak - ~ underminer behold the underminer ! i'm always beneath you , but nothing be beneath I ! I hereby declare war on peace and happiness ! all will tremble before I ! ( etc . ) camera pan off Bob as he glance at he family . they have already don they mask , ready as they will ever be . camera return to Bob , revealing that he too have put on he mask . he turn toward they new nemesis and smile , rip he shirt OPEN to reveal the '' i " insignia on the chest of he supersuit underneath , the logo of - ~ ~-the incredible . the end