the player by Michael tolkin base on the novel October 5 , 1989 first draft " the player " int . grippin 's oppice - Day no introduction , without any set up we be listen to writer # 1 , 28 , pitching a story . this be the first of four . writer # 1 here 's the idea for the movie . Kevin costner and Michelle pfeiffer be cop . he 's burn out because he last partner be just kill in a drug bust that go bad . she 's he new partner . int . griffin' ofpice - day writer # 2 be about forty , tired look , anzious , fail . writer # 2 Kevin costner and Harrison pord be brother . they hate each - other . they find a gold mine in borneo . and that 's what the story be , a gold mine . he open on ... int . grippin' ofpice - day writer # 3 and # 4 be a team , two singy comedy writer . they be bounce around the room , act out the story , and as they do , we see the ferson to whom they be pitching : grippin mill , early thirty . he give nothing away . writer # 3 antique shop ... writer # 4 million dollar vase ... writer # 3 bette midler ... writer # 4 she drop it ... . writer # 3 - shatter . total loss . : writer # 4 a million piece , a million dollar . re look cut the window , and we see a sound stage , the door open , and a large camera crane . begin title . ( continued ) 4/20/89 3 continued : 4 int . gripp writer # 5 rcimmec gla . griffin ap ; the writer door open early fort imagery . griffin . writer €3 everybody turn . and what do bette say ? writer # 4 ( act it out ) " it 's all right , I be okay ! " writer '' 3 they throw she out ... onto the street right into a guy carry a big package come out of another store , and she knock he down , and who be it ? . writer # 3 & 04 ( together ) kavin costner . in' office - day be mid-thirty , look like a gradua student , horn ss , neat shirt , jeans , run shoe . writer # 5 and at the end he have to choose between geena Davis and Glenn Close . I think he should go with Davis , the smartest thing to do would be to stick money in the budget for two ending , and let the audience decide , and I think it would be a terrific part for Kevin costner . ( a hesitant pause ) that 's it . pear to be think . he take he time . grippin let I get back to you . writer # 5 you be not say no ? a grippin let I get back to you . get up and griffin walk he to the door . as the we seejan , griffin 's secretary . she 's a black woman , ies , her desk be surround by owl figurine and owl as writer # 5 walk out the door , Jan look up at ( continued ) 4/20/89 ) . continued : : jan good idea ? griffin ( disdain ) what idea ? the phone ring . jan griffin mill 's office ... one moment please . ( to griffin ) Adam silverstein . ( off griffin 's thumb down ) he 's in a meeting , he will have the call you back . grippin I all be back . - griffin walk down int . studio hall - day as he walk down the hall he pass production still from the movie that make the studio a household name . still from every studio , classic still from classic movie . griffin pass secretaries , + zecutive , a few actor in the halis , and everyone defer to he , everyone be nice to he . he pass a door mark bonnie sherow , Story editor . int . bonniz sherow' waiting room - day he poke he head in and bonnie 's Secretary be away from the desk . he open the door to int , bonnie sherow' officer - day bonnie sherow , 26 , sit behind she desk read a script . she 's stylish , attractive . ambitious . worried about she job , but you only see confidence . she 's afraid to show fear . - ° bonniz ( can not talk ) . lunch , griffin , I have to finish this in ten minute . . grippia I will pick you up . ( continued ) 4/20/89 ; 4. continued : 5 bonnie I will meet you . he leave and go back into int , studio hall - day he come to the end of the hall , the president 's office . a door open and he see levison , he boss , with a group of corporate officer . levison frown at gciffin and close the door . levison have two secretary , the one we talk to be celia . griffin what 's go on , celia ? celia go back to work . griffin ( concerned ) . be I in or be I out ? celia ( do not press ) griffin ... ext . burbank studio new york strezt - day griffin walk through the New York Street . re cross in front of the Court House . writer # 5 be on the step . writer # 5 so , make up you mind yet ? griffin about what ? writer # 5 the story , I just pitch you a story . griffin T do not recognize you without my office . writer # 5 kneel on the step and say , strangely : writer # 5 '' he use to be a big shot . " griffin be you all right ? ( continued ) 's 10 4/20/89 continued : : writer '' 5 he use to be a big shat . it 's the last line of the Roaring twenties . this studio ? 19397 cagney shot bogart over there ... bogart 's man shot cagney over there ... cagney come stumbling down the street and die over here , on this step ... and then everyone rush over , include he old girlfriend and then the cop say , " who be he ? '' and she say , " he use to be a big shot . '' this be a holy spot . they should put up a shrine . grippin . the company buy a cable network . this be where the office be go . writer '' 5 ( with resign humor ) it figure . grippin I will get back to you . and griffin turn away from the writer , out of sight . out of mind . £ nd title . int . CITY restaurant ~ day 19 griffin walk in . head turn , subtly . bonnie be already at a table with other people , agent , lawyer . aarow jastrow , ellen alder , steve marcus , qinny clark . young. focuss . griffin sit down . kiss bonnie on the cheek . so they say . ellen alder what do you hear about Larry levy ? grippin strictly minor league . bonnie Aaron say he 's come to the studio . . aaron bonnie and he 's over there . ( continued ) 10 will 4/20/89 6. continued : . to griffin see he : larry levy , he age , with two other man . levy look like a contender . levy 's eye brush griffin 's , and betray the come fight . he know more than griffin . ellen you should have run Columbia when you have the chance . griffin can we talk about something other than Hollywood ? bonnie God , what would that be ? ext . CITY restaurant ~ day : will bonnie be get into she car , a BMW . griffin 's be behind she . griffin do not ace a post card atuck under he windshield miner . - on bonnie and griffin griffin ( weary ) this business ... bonnie I like it . griffin maybe I '' tired of it . bonnie that 's a bad attitude . you can not make it if you create a lot of negative energy for yourself . griffin ( there be thing he just can not share with she ) see you tomorrow . she drive off . griffin go to he car . he get in . from inside the car be can read the postcard : we have a meeting . I told you my idea and you say you'd get back to me. well ? ( continued ) i 12 4/20/89 2. continued : tt he turn on the wiper , bring the card cover to he side , and reach out the window to pluck it off . he turn it over . paris at night . he put it into the glove compartment next to five other card that say , you say you'd get back to I . int . griffin' office - day a 2 close up of another postcard , palm spring home of the star : with little shot of Bob hope 's , Sinatra 's , liberace 's , dinah shore 's . griffin turn the card over . written neatly : still waiting . jan griffin , five in two week . please , griffin , call studio . security . griffin right .... I be suppose to call - walter stuckel . ' shat do I say ? ( act it out ) walter , walter , listen , walter , my job 's on the line , and some actress be send I poison pen letter because I do not give she a job she think I promise . her. walter ... make I the object of curiosity and ridicule while thing be already shaky for I . I think that would really help I get ahead at the studio . jan I think they be come from a writer . griffin ( dismiss the notion ) Nah . a writer ? Nah . the phone ring . Jan griffin mill 's office ... one moment . : . ( to griffin ) bonnie sherow . griffin nod , he will take it . ( continued ) 4/20/89 8. 12 continoed : a2 jan : ( to phone ) just let he get off the line . griffin give she a thumb up and gee into he office . 13 int . grippin' oppice - day 13 griffin pick up the phone . while he 's talk he open a desk drawer and empty a manila envelope , spilling half a dozen postcard . grippin bonnie ? bonnie ( v.0 . ) do we have a date tonight ? griffin turn the postcard over one at a time . the first one : . you say you'd get back to I grifpin we do . the second postcard : still waiting bonnie ( v.0 . ) I be run late . the third postcard : be it yoo or be it I ? grippin . that 's okay . maybe you can come by later . anyway , my lavyer want to have dinner with ae . the fourth and fifth postcard be the same : yoo say you'd get back to I bonnie ( v.0 . ) griffin ? be you there ? - griffin I be in the middle of a meeting . let I get back to you . ° he hang up . he put the postcard back in the envelope . 14 ext . spago - night , 14 griffin drive up in he mercede . the valet take the car . 18 4/20/89 9. int , spago - night 1s everyone know he . on he way to the maitre have he glad hand five people . we just have to watch he . he 's lead to a table where dick mellen , 70 , a tan silver fox , stand to shake hand with he . mellen you look like shit , griffin . no perrier tonight , have a martini . grippiid I will have a headache for a week and do not make fun of I when tl order a salad . mellen you would not have last five minute in the old day . griffin . tt be once at the Brown derby with bogie when the Duke come in . this be lunch . we do not - leave until three in the morning . and I get up and work the next day . griffin love hearing this storey . griffin what 's go on with my job ? mellen you be such a stiff . what 's go on with my job ? what 's go on with my job ? you know Larry levy ? griffin ( bitterly ) 1 know he . be I in or be 1 out ? meller think of it as share . griffin why do not levison tell I himself ? | mellen . he will , tomorrow , at breakfast . griffin tt want to run Columbia . ( continued ) 4/20/89 15 ° continued : griffin be 16 ext . bel AIR HOTEL - day 10 . 1s mellen griffin , you can not turn back the clock . griffin Dick . +» something 's go on . I have be get .... this postcard . mellen ( take it seriously ) who be they from ? about to tell he . gripfin well .. I be not sure exactly , but I think they be from ... mellen though ? - griffin ( it be impossible for he to tell the truth ) some actress . I promise she a job . she 's a television actress and she want to get in the movie . she 's a little too pretty . mellen do you fuck she ? griffin of course I fuck she . mellen you have get to pay you debt . sow in the old day , they make a tot of prison movie . and every time they need a shot of all the wife and girlfriend who would come to the big house for visit day , al ! the producer would have they girl friend in the shot .... . pade oot : griffin give he car to the valet . he walk over the bridge , look at the swan . 17 4/20/89 li. int . sel atr HOTEL restaurant - day , 27 griffin and levison at they table . griffin be order from the waiter . griffin bran muffin . levison the same . they be awkward for a moment , silent . griffin T will not work for Larry levy . levison it 's not official . griffin I report to you . I be not go . through levy . if I have to report to levy , I quit . levison you can not quit . I will not let you quit . you have a year and a half on you contract , and I will sue you for breach if you do not come every day . grippin why do you care ? levison T like you . I need you . levy be available , and I think we , ye , could use he . do you know hin ? grippir T know he . levison he can make we all look good . grippin . so I be not the flavor of the month _ anymore ? v levison not for a year . and with the run of flop we have have , I should be history too , but here I am. ( more ) ( continued ) yy 17 18 4/20/89 continued : levison ( cont would ) tf you want to quit , I will give you a production deal . ( fate worse than death ) maybe you would like to be a salesman instead of a buyer . griffin T 'ol stay . int . gripfin' office - day Jan hand griffin a souvenir packet of postcard , fold and tape . griffin open the card . the picture dangle in front of Jan , while griffin read the message to himself . she grab for it and ~ gripfin ( v.0 . ) dear griffin ... I tell you my idea , you say you want to think about it , and you say you would get back t2 I . tan read it , read it .... teasing she , no sign of panic . '' griffin it 's from the actress , let I finish it ... griffin ( ¥.0 . ) my agent say that be a good sign , the part about get back to I . jan griffin ... gripffie shh . : grippin ( v.0 . ) I have wait long enougb . it 's obvious you have no intention of make my movie . the phone ring . ( continoed ) he pull it away , with a big , happy grin , a 18 4/20/89 continued : griffin be compose a 13 . la jan griffin mill 's office ... oh , hi , celia , he 's in a meeting right now , he will call back ... grippin ( v.0 . ) in the name of all the writer in Hollywood who get push around by executive who know nothing more about movie than what do well last week and have no passion for the cinema , i'm go TCO kill you . stunne . Jan hang up . she turn to he , and he sly grin . , jan tell all now . . gripfin actress . he open the card again and pretend to read . griffin dear griffin , listen dude , I have just be have fun with you . have you guess , do not 1 ? jan that 's the truth . grifpin ( continue to pretend ) let I make it up to you and take you out to dinner . I know how hard it be to cross over from tv to film , but I want to try , and I be not hold you to any drunken promise . Love and kiss ... and then he torture Jan by fold the card and put it in he pocket . jan Television . be she a star ? the phone ring . they stare each other down . Jan ignore the phone . ( continued ) ~~ 18 19 4/20/89 continued : 14 . ( 2 ) ; 18 griffin be not you go to get that ? jan what 's she name ? gripfin come on , Jan . I could tell you , I could tell you and it would be so easy to tell you , but if I tell you , you will not respect I . a second line ring . jan T do not respect you now , griffin get the phone . . jan geiffin mill 's office , one moment please . ( svcond line ) grittin mill 's office . ( look at he ) he 's in a meeting right now , can he get back to you ? ... griffin dance inte he office and close the door behind he . .uT. grifpin' bedroom - night 19 griffin and bonnie be make love . he come . she do not . they separate . he start to stroke she with he hand . she shake she head no . bonnie it 's okay . they lie together , quietly . griffin I hear a pitch today . it 's not bad , but I be stick on a story point . bonnie tome the story editor . ( continued ) 19 4/20/89 continued : 1s . 19 grippin New York City . madison Avenue . Big advertising agency . a account executive make a presentation to someone he want as a client , and the client promise to get back to he . bonnie do it have to be advertising ? grifpin that 's not the problem . the account executive keep wait for the client to call he back , to tell he what he think of the idea , to tell he if he get the job , and the client do not call he . the account executive get so ... piss off ... so . frustrated , that he decide to drive the client crazy . bonnie what do he do ? griffin wait , here 's the problem . how long do you think the account executive need to stew hefore he send a postcard threaten to kill the client ? bonrie do it have to he advertising ? grifpin how long ? bonnie well , if it be I ... gripfin a month ? bonrie five . pive month . to kill ? five - month . gripfin that 's what '' say . - ( continued ) 4/20/89 16 . 19 continued : ( 2 ) . . 1g bonnie who 's the writer ? grippin I do not know . bonnie you do not know the writer who pitch you this story ? grippin ( recover ) a couple of kid William merris send over . tv writer . she look at he , purtle by he first response . she reach for a script in she bag beside the bed . bonnie back to work . he get he own script and they read , side by side . 20 int . jan' oppice - day 2 c he come out of he office with a script . grippin could you get this copy for I ? jan how about tomorrow ? griffin tt need it now . I want to give it the this Australian director I be see tonight . jan tt 's not in you date book . grippin Jan , t forget . jan - do not do that to I . she leave . when she shut the door griffin lock it behind she and start to go through all the drawer and file cabinet in the room . he find what he 's look for , last year date book . he unlock the door and go into he office , shutting the door to Jan 's office . 4/20/89 17 , 21 int , grippin' oppice - Day 2 : he go through the date book . he count back five month . griffin one , two , three , four , five . the calendar be dense with name , cancel meeting , travel plan , breakfast to dinner appointment , screening . he tap he pen beside a few name . griffin where be you , you son of a bitch ? be it you ? be it you ? he take a writer guild directory from a shelf next to he desk and match unfamiliar name . he make a short list . danny ross , stuart kaufman , sandra partenza , allan berr . he get up , and race back '' < 6 Jan 's office . he get last year telephone log . back to he desk . he go down the phone log ( name , phone number , time call , and time return ) . he look down the time return column . a few blank . he turn the calendar ahd the phone log ahead another month . and find a week with ten unreturn call . david kahane . he turn to the next week . five unreturn call . david kahane . the next week . two call . david kahane . he check kahane 's name in the Guild directory . he 's there . under credit : a blank space . gripfpin gotchat Jan knock on the door . griffin dump everything from the desk into the waste basket as she come into the office with two copy of the script . she 's aware that he 's be interrupt , that he 's guilty about something , that he 's hide something . jan what be you do ? gripfin nothing . . jan ( she know something be wrong ) the script . griffin . ' thanks . 22 . ext . burbank studio - night 2 everyone 's go Home . we see griffin in he office , read a seript . Jan come in . 23 24 4/20/89 18. int . grippin' oppice - night 22 Jan and griffin . jan night . griffin might . she leave . he pick up the phone . he dial . int . june's house - evening 24 JUNE mercator , thirty . she 's smart , she 's strong , she have a sense of humor and irony . she 's wear a loose t-shirt and run short , and she 's drink a beer . the phone ring . intercut with griffin . JUNE hello . . grippin David kahane , please . JUNE he 's not in . grippin ob . jone who 's call ? griffin griffia mill . JUNE ( impressed ) now it 's my turn to say ' oh '. grippin ( this cost he to admit ) t promise David r'°d get back to he . - : JUNE I do not know he would see yow . . griffin well , it 's be awhile . jone do you always work until seven-thirty ? ( continued ) — ~~? 24 4/20/89 continued : 19 . 24 griffin sometimes until ten . how late do David work ? JUNE I do not think I should give away trade secret . he would kill I if I tell you that . : griffin be he the violent type ? JUNE well , you know , he 's a writer . he get drunk before dinner and throw empty vodka bottle at my head . griffin like she . something between they be already sparking . griffin and who be you ? JUNE my name be June mercator . griffin you in the business ? JUNE baby sit writer ? no , I be a art director for Wells fargo . grifpir that 's show business , be not it ? JUNE paste-up of interest rate brochure be show business ? grippin you have to make the public happy . : jone I have to make my boss happy . grippin will David be back soon ? JUNE he go to the movie . ( continued ) ss 24 4/20/89 ccntinged : 20 . ( 2 ) , 24 griffin you do not go ? JUNE they be all the same . if they do not end in a chase they end with a contest , and if they do not end with a contest , then they end with revenge . griffin what about love storey ? JUNE someone get hurt . grippin what about comedy ? jone . only if they be really stupid . gripfin so what 's you husband see tonight ? JUNE my boyfriend be see the bicycle thiet . grippin ah . and why do not you go ? JUNE I have see it three time . grippin ie it that good ? JUNE no wonder I do not go to the movie anymore . you run a movie studio and you have never see the bicycle thiet ? — grippin _I be just give America what it want . JUNE not this american . ( continued ) ew 24 25 26 27 27a 4/20/89 : 21. continued : ( 3 ) . 24 griffin tly try harder for you . JUNE much oblige . griffin tell David I call . JUNE Roger and out . griffin smile and hang up the phone . she be fun . then he grab the LA Times from he coffee table , the calendar section , and scan the movie ad . the bicycle thief be play at the rialto in pasadena . ' ~ uw ext . pasadena freeway - night griffin drive . ext . pasadena - night . 26 griffin pass the rialto theater . double Bill : the bicycle thief and OPEN CITY . griffin park on the street , the next block down . ext . rialto theater - night 27 griffin busy he ticket from the ticket girl . griffin when do the bicycle thief start ? ticket girl it 's almost over . you can see open City , but you have miss the bicycle thief . griffin Big crowd tonight ? ticket girl ( be you kid ? ) no. : the bicycle thief towards the end of the movie , outside the soccer stadium . the father tell the son to go away , and he steal a bike . the father be slow , and he 's chase and catch . the father and son be let go by the bike 's owner , who refuse to press charge against suéh a poor man . the father and son continue walk and cry . the end . 28 ' 29 4/20/89 22. int : rialto - night 28 the light come up . griffin be in the back row , a few seat in from the aisle . a small crowd of slightly depressed film lover , dress in dark clothes . ten people . griffin study they . a older couple , a few woman . couple together . and here come a single white max , the right age . griffin approach he , tentatively . griffin David kahane ? white man I do not think so . re pass . and then behind he we see : david kahane , 32 , wire frame glass , plaid shirt , dark straight hair . he 's scowling . griffin falis in behind he . int . rialto lobby - night - 29 kahane go into the bathroom . griffin wait in the lobby , pretend to study a film poster . kahane come out , drying he hand on he pants . griffin turn , and then act surprised to see he . griffin David ? David kahane ? nintroduce himself ) griffin mill . kabane I know who you be . griffin do not you love the classic ? kahane you could not get a screen of it yourself ? griffin it 's not the same . people , - popcorn . the neat old theater . kahane you be not think of do a american remake of the bicycle thief ? griffin you want to write it ? ( continued ) 4/20/89 23 , 29 ° continued : 29 kahane you would give it a happy end . griffin what 's wrong with happy ending ? rahane what 's wrong with sad ending ? what 's wrong with tragedy ? griffin the audience want escape . kahane so do I . see you around . griffin ( try to be casual ) God damn it , I do not , do 1 ? kahane what ? griffin what a jeck ... I never get back to you on that idea you pitch I last fall . [ t 's be five month . rahane no , you do not . 30 ext . rialto - night 30 the two man be on the sidewalk . there 's a awkward moment . griffin I guess you be go home now ? kahane well , what do you have in mind , Mr. mill ? griffin ~ dinner ? kahane I have eat . griffin let 's let the studio buy we ea drink . ( continued ) 4/20/89 : 24. 30 continued : x0 kahane ( like the idea , he 's get control : griffin be subordinate ) a beer ? yeah ... follow I . gripfin what be you work on this day ? kahane a few thing . they walk down the street . 31 ext . club hama - night , ay a pod mal} bar with a japanese sign . , 32 int . club hama - night griffin and kahane enter . a smoky bar , fifty or so asian man in suit , a siew of hostess and a piano bar , with a woman pianist play japanese standard . a drunk japanese man hold a microphone and sing , badly . a japanese friend grab the mike and complete the song , and he 's a better singer . the man in the room be barely pay attention . the hostess come up to griffin and kahane and the writer start talk to she in fluent japanese . we can see that griffin be threaten by kahane 's mastery . the hostess lead they to a table , joke with kahane . when they be seat .... kahane beer okay ? grifppin beer 's fine . kahane {to hostess ) two beer . she nod and leave . - - kahane you ever be to Japan ? griffin once , on a location scout with steven. ( more ) ( continued ) 4/20/89 2s . 32 continued : 32 griffin ( cont would ) ( just a tenth of a second pause , catch he name drop ) spielberg . kahane I live there for a year . Student year abroad . griffin T wish I would do that . the businessman stop . sing , and the pianist improvise a little background music . kahane I think about it all time . griffin - you should write about -t . the beer arrive . two tall bottle of kirin . kahane when do you change you mind ? griffin what ? kahane my idea , about a american student in Japan . that be my pitch . you do not remember , do you ? griffin I remember . kahane you call my house from you office at seven-thirty . you could not have see the whole movie . you come to the theater look for I . griffin . no. kahane right after you hang up , I call home , I would just get to the theater . ( more ) ( continued ) ~ 32 4/20/89 . 26 . continued : ( 2 ) : : 32 kahane ( cont have ) I think I would lose my briefcase and I want to let my girlfriend know it be in the car . she tell I you be look for I . why do you call ? what be you do here ? griffin I be apologize . kahane por what ? all you shitty movie ? grippin I say I would get back to you . kahane but you do not . kahane get up and walk to the piano bar . he whisper something in japanese to the pian.st . she 's delighted by he japanese , and she start to play the open chord of '' goldfinger . '' kahane sing the song . everyone in the club stop talk and listen . at one point kahane face griffin and sing to he , show off . griffin can not look he in the eye . kahane finish , to wild applause . be bow to griffin , and then drop five dollar in the pianist 's snifter , she refuse , he make she keep it . as kahane leave the bar the bad singer grab the microphone and in japanese start sing " from Russia with Love . '' everyone in the room boo and he stop . the pianist leave the piano and put on a tape . the pianist pass griffin . griffin tap she ara . griffin be he sing about I ? pianist be you goldfinger ? griffin no . - pianist then do not worry about it . '' griffin go back to he table , and finish he bottle of heer , and then bolt out of the club . Rev. 9/26/89 27 . ext . STREET - night 33 griffin look for mahane . kahane be up the block , crossing the street to a parking lot behind the rialto . griffin run after he . kahane be pass through a alley when griffin call to he . gripfin David ! kahane what do you want ? gripfin you sing very well . kahane let 's put out a album . kahane start to walk into the dark , empty parking lot . griffin follow . they come to kahane 's car , a new black saab , with the dealer 's sticker still in the window . - griffin New car . kahane ( this be what you be think : ) how can a guy you never hear of buy a twenty - five thousand dollar car ? griffin ts that a lot of money ? do not you want to go to the perrari store and ask for one in every color ? Hollywood . that 's why I be here , I want to apologize for treat you badly , I want to start over with you . I want to help you . kahane why do you have to pretend that you be just out here to see a movie ? 2 griffin . it 's the post card . I be try ‘to trip you up . I want to surprise you . and then , also ... I think that ... ( more ) ( continued ) Rev. 9/26/89 28. continued : 33 ~ > griffin ( cont would ) ( give up on the whole thing ) this be crazy . I feel like I just wake up . rahane and you think what ? gripfin and I think that if I ... if I .. kahane what ? griffin be embarrassed , he feel silly . - grippin I think that if I tell you ... tell you I be sorry ... if you - be not send the postcard , that it would ... make everything right and that the ... person who 's be send I the card ... ~ kahane nsieze griffin 's weakness , turn it back on he ) you mean that if you make a ritual apology to I , then the god would forgive you all of you sin , for waste everybody 's time . grippin ( can not believe he 's admit it ) right . kahane how would you find I ? griffin you call my office a million ntime , and I never get back to you . - . '' karane no you do not . kahane open he door and start to get in . NY . ( continued ) Rev. 9/26/89 29 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 . __ kahane I wish ' I have a car phone . grippin why ? kahane this be a great story . Studio executive , fear death threat , offer bribe to unproduce writer . griffin it 's not a bribe . kahane what be it ? griffin priendship . griffin put a hand on kahane 's arm . kahane priendship ? you think you be my friend because you buy I a beer with the studio 's money ? he grab griffin 's hand and take it off he arm . kahane keep you hand to yourself . he pish griffin away . grippin do not push . kahane I will do what I want . he get out of the car and he menace griffin . he push griffin back . kahane I can not believe you do not even '' remember the story you come to apologize for rejecting . . vo grifpin maybe it be not any good . ( continued ) Rev. 9/26/89 30 . continued : ( 3 ) 33 kahane punch griffin in the stomach , and griffin double over . it 's a real punch , and he have not be hit since fifth grade , and he 's hurt , and he 's humiliate . kahane nexcite by what he 's do ) that be ... that be ... liberate . he punch griffin again . now griffin ram he shoulder into kahane and throw he against he car . kahane push griffin back . griffin see they reflection in a window , it 's like lover , dancer . the two man struggle . kahane bribe writer , pick fight in parking lot . . and he punch griffin again . something change in griffin . he collect he energy . he throw himself at kahane and drag he to the ground . they roll twice . griffin be on the bottom , but he have he hand on kahane 's throat . the rest happen like a car crash , unstoppable , inevitable . : kahane wo not this look good on you resume ? griffin nobody care . he tighten he grip . kahane ( fore it out ) then why be you here ? the effort to say this cost kahane the advantage , and griffin force he off . they rel ! again . griffin end up on top , sit on kahane 's chest . he have kahane 's elbow pin under he knee and he hand be around kahane 's throat . griffin be choke kahane with all of he strength now . they eye lock , kahane can not quite believe this be happen . - grippin do not be such a asshole ! __ kahane ( with effort ) puck you ! they eye lock , griffin can not stop himself . he grab kahane 's throat and now he will not let go . ( continued ) be 34 Rev. 9/26/89 30a. continued : ( 4 ) 33 kahane be shaking , kick , but griffin be possess . kahane stop fight . griffin slap he face . kahane sputter . new Pov : just a little way off , griffin get off kahane 's chest , stand up , brush the dirt off he jacket . griffin ( try to be light ) that 's the last time I go to a foriegn movie . kahane move just enough so we know we know he 's not dead . there 's a pulse . gripfin I '' willing to call a ambulance . I be willing to make a fool of myself if that 's you want , you want the headline ? you can have they . - kahane wave he hand a little . griffin have it you way . and griffin walk off . ext . the STREET - night 34 griffin get into he car . the adrenaline rush be over . he 's shake , miserable , scared of the power he would unleash in himself . he drive . but he can not drive . he 's pass the theater . he pass the side street that lead to the parking lot . the theater cashier have just run out to the sidewalk , and she 's scream . griffin slow down and open he window . cashier murder ! help ! murder ! griffin , in horror , make a slow leave turn . he pass the woman . he can see into the lot . a few people be huddle around a body lie on the ground . kahane . griffin speed up . he have mix emotion : fear ( because he have kill a man , and what if he get catch ? ) and something else , excitement , a thrill ( he have kill a man , he have cross a line , and what if he get away with it ? ) . 35 36 37 38 39 40 Rev. 10/5/89 31 . ext . beverly glen - night 33 griffin drive up cool beverly Glen , up a side road , to he house . ext . griffin be house - night 36 griffin pull into the driveway . int . griffin 's bathroom - night : 37 griffin in he bathroom . he look at himself in the mirror . he 's a murderer now . he open the medicine chest . he have a vial of halcion . he tap one out . then he tap they all out . suicide ? no . he flush they down the toilet . he empty a vial of valium down the toilet , too . fade out : ext . griffin be house - morning 38 griffin go outside for the paper . he open the paper , and out drop a postcard , unstamp , hand ~ deliver : Hawaii . the messace : griffin , when will you get k to I ? griffin sink to the lawn , and turn the postcard around in he nand . it 's not over . he have kill , and he do not want to , and he do not even kill §he right man . omit : 39 int . levison be office - day 40 levison and he production staff : griffin , bonnie sherow , alison kelly , neil king , peter kaplan . : levison nobody leave my office until we agree on fifteen reason for go to the movie . sonnie , when be the last time you buy a ticket to see a movie ? bonnie I be so embarrassed , but I just hate to stand in line so I go to screening . I think it 's be two month since I pay fora film . ( continued ) 40 4/20/89 32 . continued : ‘“c levison Peter ? . peter T do not know , a month . levison guy , guy .... this be disgusting . griffin , when be the last time you buy a ticket to see a movie ? griffin last night in pasadena . for the bicycle thief . Music , camera , griffin 's face ... everything freeze ... he 's just place himself at the scene of a murder . levison why do you go ? in this shot we also see bonnie , she 's a little surprised that griffin would do something so out of character as drive to pasadena to see a movie . griffin - ( in a fog ) it 's a classic , and I would never see it . levisor you could have have it screen . bonnie griffin mill drive to pasadena the see a black and white film with subtitles ? griffin I want to see the audience 's reaction . levison learn from this man . do they like it ? griffin they love it . levison who be they ? ( continued ) 49 4/20/89 33. continued : ( 2 ) _ griffin Seven or eight people who hate the movie we make . levison do you like it ? griffin yes . alison remake potential ? grippin we would have to give it a happy end . levison write classic on the blackboard . levison pair enough . this be one kind of film which bring we out of we house . let I add two of my own . he write entertainment and escape . ° alison I still believe in musical . music . levisor maybe , maybe ... guya ... guyg ... do not anyone go to the movie to titty anymore ? and he write sex on the blackboard . * levison wo wonder I run this show . neil t- like drive fast after a James bond movie . a pause . ENERGY . peter kaplan I always like to see what people be wear . ( continued ) 40 41 42 4/20/89 34 . continued : ( 3 ) 4 levison we be on a roll . style . bonnte come on , people go to see movie star . levison absolutely . movie star . levison griffin , Mr. show business , wake up . griffin be look at he watch . levison be we boring you , Mr. mill ? griffin T have to call Paris . levison who 's in Paris ? griffin sbhh , if it do not work out , I do not want to be embarrassed . levison look at griffin , he know something be wrong . griffin be out of the room . levison be not happy with he . ext . hallway - day a griffis race down the stair and out to the ext . studio - day a2 be run . where be he go ? what 's he panic ? pass a sound stage , the red light flash , someone be make a movie inside . prop truck . teamster . griffin , in he jacket and tie , run . to the studio store . newspaper rack . the Herald examiner late edition . Quarter in , drop out . tries it again . click . open the box . he turn the page frantically . Inside , a small item : man pound dead in theater parking lot . ( continued ) 45 4/20/89 continued : 36 . a walter stuckel {no warniag ) like David kahane ? ho ? griffin who ? walter stuckel do not you hear , he 's dead . griffin who 's David kahane ? walter stuckel a writec . sort of . you meet he . griffin I meet a lot of writer . walter stuckel but this one get a pass at the front gate five month ago . do you know I use to be a cop ? griffin I think you be FBI . : walter stuckel that too . £ get a call from pasadena homicide . David kahane be murder last night . griffin why be you tell I this ? walter stuckel you call he house around seven o'clock . his girlfriend tell you he be go to see a movie in pasadena . griffin what movie ? walter stuckel the bicycle thief . you go . griffin 1 do not . ( continued ) . 4s Rev. 10/5/89 37 . continued : ( 2 ) _ralter stuckel you go . the police have a full report . you meet kehane at the theater , you get drunk with he japanese restaurant , and t before you do . that be the last time anyone see he alive . why be you deny this ? grippin what do the police think ? walter stuckel they do not know what to think . they be look for a break . now , I can tell the police you be act like you have get something to hide , and they '!! bring you down , for question . or I can let you speak to they over the phone . or they can come here . or they can drop this . I do not think they will do that . . grippin 1 '2 ] cooperate any way I can . . walter stuckel certain scandal can explode way beyond the people involved . for be in charge of studio security , in every definition of the word . it be my job to worry about @ studio executive under suspicion foe murder at a time when profit be down and the company be a vulnerable target for a takeover . it be my job to keep this very very very very quiet . you be do the right thing . stonewall . it 's you word against theirs . as long as nobody sew you actually kill the man , and as long as you have nothing to connect you , except for , well , how many meeting do you have ? griffin one . walter stuckel not count last night ? ( continued ) 4s 4/20/89 continued : 38 . ( 3 ) 4 griffin not count last night . I do not kill he , walter , but I do see he . I know I tell you I do not but I do . it also know he be dead before you tell I , it be in the paper . walter stuckel why do you lie to I ? grifpin good God , walter , I do not want to get involved . I be vulnerable too . walter stuckel ttll tell that to the police . grippin 1 will tell they that I go to see he because he would pitch I a idea , I love it so much , 1 want to buy it , and I do not want to wait until he be home to tell he . that 's the truth , waltec . I will go to the police right now . you come with I . walter stuckel no , they will come here . : grifpin waltec ... here ? no , let I go to they , walter stuckel you be talk like someone who 's guilty . you be not guilty , be you ? . grifpin the usual neurotic guilt . walter stuckel the first article about kahane 's death be in the afternoon Herald . you do not read the afternoon Herald . why would you buy the afternoon Herald ? ( continued ) 43 4/20/89 continued : 39 . ( 4 ) _ griffin they have the close price from the stock market , walter stuckel what stock do you own ? be it up or down ? how many point ? griffin walter ... I have work to do . re show walter the door . when the door be shut , he stand in the middle of the room , freeze . Jan stick she head in . jan griffin ? be you okay ? griffin ( complete recovery ) never better . jan what do walter want ? do you tell he about the postcard ? grippin ( annoyed and impatient ) noooo . he pitch I a story . jan waa it good ? griffin what do you think ? she hand he a packet of message slip . Larry levy be on top . bis mood switch immediately . he 's on the offensive . _ gripfir call tarry levy , I want to set up lunch . tell bis secretary I will meet he at angeli . and if he want to speak to I , I 'a out , I will meet he there . jan ( ¥.0 . ) maybe he will want to go someplace else . gripfin : that 's why i will not return bis call . he 's pump himself up . 46 47 48 49 4/20/89 40 . ext . CITY street - night a police car , siren alaring , race down the street . for a moment we should believe this be real , then a slate come into frame and we see we be in int . screening room ~- day watch daily . levison , griffin , other executive . five shot of a movie STAR in a hospital bed , with a doctor shaking he head . griffin sit two row in front of levison 's con-ole . levison do he really need to shoot five take ? griffin I think it be get better . levison who ask you ? int , griffin' office - day close -up : griffin writing on a piece of paper . the message : I say i'd get back to you . he cross it out , start on another sheet of paper . no more card . we should talk . leave you nomber . he open a variety , and find the business office phone number he dial . griffin advertise please .... advertise ? hi , how be you ? yeah ... how much do you charge for a little one inch boze message , a three day cun ? ... and can I send it to you in cash , with the ad ? thanks ... ext . los angele - evening griffin in he car . the car phome ring . he pick it up . secretary ( v.0 . ) Mr. mill ? griffin here . ( continued ) 49 $ 0 4/20/89 au. continued : of . secretary ( v.0 . ) this be the studio , you have a urgent call from a miss June mercator , be it all right if we . connect you ? gripfin ( tear ) put she on . jone ( v.0 . ) hello ? gripfin June ? my God , 1 ! just hear . this be awful . intercut with June in she house . she look exhaust , JUNE have the police speak to you ? grippin we have have contact . JUNE what do they say ? griffin they ask I what happen . you know I go to the theater after T call you . JUNE ( a challenge , a bit cold ) yes . 1 tell they you would call , and they ask I if you would know each other . '' grippin tf thing have work out , we would have . for want to talk to he about a idea . ext . grippin be car - evening 50 a new p.0.v : someone be follow griffin . griffin 's car turn , the follower , he shadow , turn . this shadow should have he own music . : JUNE ( v.0 . ) you be really go to give he a assignment ? ( continued ) so $ 1 4/20/89 continued : 42 . grippin tf he want to do it . he like the idea , too , it be about Japan . JUNE ( ¥.0 . ) Japan . he always want to write about Japan . gripfin he be not sure though , he be not sure if it would work , and he want to think about it . I tell he to come in , in the morning , and he say he would call I , because he do not have he date book , and he do not know if he be free . griff '. pull up to ext . well pargo - evening the shadow stop and watch . griffin 's car phone be cordless . he get out of the car and continue to talk as he go to the cash machine and enter he card and he code aumber . return to intercutting with June . JUNE oh , David ... . gripfin why do you say that ? JUNE of course he be free . poor David . he have a lot of pride . the machine ask how much he want . $ 300.00 . gripfin do he have parent , family ? '' jone everything . Parents , a brother , a sister , a grandmother , a niece . remove he card . griffin when 's the funeral ? JUNE you do not have to go . ( continued ) 51 $ 2 53 4/20/89 43. continued : with grippin June . when - be it ? the money come out . JUNE tomorrow . eleven . hillside . it have not really hit I yet . it 's very complicated . I be just go through the motion of my life . he put $ 200.00 in a envelope address to variety , attn : ad department . there 's a mailbox on the corner . he walk to it , grifpin T can not imagine . JUNE griffin , you know , maybe you do not even know it , maybe you see the killer , maybe you see a car or something that 's be near other murder . maybe if you be hypnotize you would remember something that would lead to the killer 's arrest . he put the eovelope in the mail box and walk back to he car . gripfin T do not think so . but if I can help in any way , 1I '11 be there . geodbye June . he turn the phone off . traffic pass he . he 's still be watch . int , grippin' bedroom - night 52 he 's watch the last scene from the Roaring twenties on television . cagney die on the step . cop what be he business ? ° kansas he use to be a big shot . ext . hillside memorial - day 33 kahane 's black saab . the sticker have be take from the window . griffin be in the parking lot of the funeral home , peer into the car . we see griffin from a new p.0. v¥ . the shadow be still with hie . 54 $ 5 36 4/20/89 . 44 . int . chapel - day t a we hear the xahane's brother over a p.a. system . griffin take a black yarmulke from a basket and put it on . : brother Einstein say that God do not play dice . I would like to say that we could console ourselves with the think that in God 's plan , David kahsne 's death be necessary for the universe to unfold its majestic design ... . he open the door to the chapel . int . chapel - day 5 the coffin . about thirty mourner . the brother , 25 , continue . brother ++» but I can not say that , because David always laugh at mindless faith . someone in the night kill he , and that person will have to bear he guilt , and he will never know what he take from David 's triend and family . griffin take seat in the back row . a few people in the front row turn to see who have come in . June look at griffin . she say something to the man sit next to she , who turn around to see the last man who see kahane alive , brother my brother die after see a movie , which I guess be sort of fitting . I hope you do not take this the wrong way , but he really love movie , and I be glad he do not die on he way in , you know , before he see it . that would have hurt I a lot more and this hurt a lot . the pressure be too much for griffin . he go outside . we hear the kaddish from inside . ext , hillside memorial - day se mourner shovel earth onto the casket in the open grave . pinish . people walk away . June walk to griffin and offer she hand . ( continued ) 55 4/20/89 continued : 4s . wo any JUNE Mr. mill ? I be June mercator . thank you for come . griffin he be a rare commodity , he be talented . JUNE be he ? [ do not know ... 1 think he be ... but he have such a hard time in Hollywood , the executive give he such a hard time . oh , God ... you be a executive . griffin I do not make he life any easier . he just need some luck . JUNE he do not get that , do he ? grippin no . and you , how be you ? jone they give I a few week off from work at the bank . I do not know why I be tell you all of this , actually it would help if I go back teday , but I think that if t go back , they will be disturb . tt would not lleok good , would it ? 1 should wait . grippin you do what you have to do . kahane 's brother motion for June to come with he . JUNE thank you . griffin let I know if you hear anything . jone you too . griffin right . ( continued ) 56 's ? 4/20/89 : 46 . continued : ( 2 ) - there be a undeniable spark between they . and the grave be still open . . smash CUT 70 : int . angeli - day close - up : a waitress give the day 's special to griffin and Larry levy , wear a $ 500 sweater and expensive jeans . waitress can I tell you today 's special ? we have a carpaccio of fresh Oregon salmon with a lemon dill butter , and today 's pasta be linguini with New Zealand mussel in a sauce of black olive and goat cheese com sonoma county . larry levy ( the hard charge ) be there any cheese in the house salad ? waitress Fresh grate Parmesan . . larry levy one salad . no cheese . no olive . waitress anything to drink ? larry levy just bring we a large mineral water . griffin and a coke for I . '' waitress diet ? . griffin * classic . waitress what will you have to eat ? griffin butter a soll while levy stare at it , hungrily . ( continued ) 5 8 ? $ 8 $ 9 4/20/89 47 . continued : _ gripfin gimme a pizza . this one , with the hortarella and the gorgonzola . T like cheese . the waitress leave , larry levy you eat cheese ? griffin do you want to talk about cholesterol or do you want to talk about the studio ? ext . angeli - day the music and p.0.v. of the shadow . int . angeli + day ( a bit later ) lunch be over . griffin 's dessert arrive : chocvlate cake . griffin you want to know if I worry about my weight , do not you ? . larry levy okay . griffin , 1 know how you feel , you do not want I at the studio . pine . I be come . that 's lite . I will be right down the hall . let 's be friend . okay ? grifpin ( otter it on he fork ) have soma chocolate cake . larry levy no. grifpin ( jewish mother ) Larry ... and he feed levy from he fork . griffin be happy . the tide just turn . int . jan' office - day griffin come into the room . Jan be concerned . ( continued ) to 60 4/20/89 48. continued : jan you get a- phone call from the pasadena Police , and walter stuckel come back , and celia tell I they call levison too . and we friend be back . she show he a new card : you say you'd get back to I . griffin can not focus on it now , and he toss it away . griffin actress . maybe I will tell walter . and maybe I will tell celia she 's get a big mouth . jan what 's go on ? griffin it look like I be one of the last people to see someone before he get murder . a writer . someone who pitch to I once . - jan oh , Lord , how awful . do you know he well ? grippin he pitch to I once . jan there 's no shame in be a witness . . griffin T be not a witness , I do not see anything . jan what 's the problem ? grippin / any special attention be bad . T get enough attention . I tell walter , all I do be see the guy after a movie , that 's it . get I levison , I would better speak to he before stuckel or the police get there . 4/20/89 - 49 , 61 int , levison be office -- day 62 levison and griffin . on the blackboard : the monster die twice . levison do you know this guy ? do we ever hire he for anything ? grippin I be think about it . levison I never hear of he . gripfin sometimes 1 like give a kid he shot . levison somebody beat you to it . grippin I think he be stab . levison strangle . can you imagine . some kid want you money so he can buy crack , and boom , you be dead . why do not you tell I that you would see he ? grippin I have get more important thing to worry about . levison I be you friend , forget boss , when you be in trouble , you be suppose to come to I . grippin be I in trouble ? levison you do not kill he . : gripfin so what should I do now ? ( continued ) 61 62 4/20/89 continued : $o , . levison leave it to walter stuckel . after the cop see you , walter will give they pass to a screeniog where they can sit two row behind Michelle pfeiffer , and this will all go away . cripffin yeah . levison how long after you see this guy be he kill ? griffin I do not know . pretty soon , I think , ten minute ? Fifteen ? levison aiee . creepy . int . griffin' office - day walter stuckel come in with detective susan avery , late thirty , a light gray suit , blond hair , a athlete 's haircut ; and paul delongpre , 40 , mustache and shaggy hair , like a ballplayer . they do . walter stuckel this be detective Susan avery , griffin mill , detective Paul delongpre , griffin mill . griffin make yourselves comfortable ... '' walter stuckel this be the first time detective avery have be to a real studio . . susan avert other than the universal Tour . griffis ( bull by the horn ) T be sorry I do not call you as soon I hear that kahane be dead . susan avert Heard or read ? ( continued ) 62 4/20/89 continued : . $ 1 . _grippin read . delongpre so that be the afternoon . susan avery why do not you ? grippin walter ask I the same question . I wish { have a better answer this time , but all for can say be , it be like run into anyone , nothing special happen . I dida‘t see anybody follow he , he do not act like anything be go to happen to he , and it be just so ... casual . delcngpre you go out there just to see bim , do a't you ? griffin his wife tell I he be see the bicycle thief ... susan avery girlfriend . grippin I do not know either of they . I be feel itchy , so I think I would go the movie , and if he be there , I would talk to bim about a job I think he would be good for . susan avery you meet he inside the theater . what happen then ? grippin we-went for a drink , this japanese bar he know , this incredible scene , it be like Tokyo . delongpre ( not impressed with he enthusiasm ) he leave before you do . why do not you leave together ? ( continued ) 4/20/89 $ 2. 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 griffin I tell you , it be a great scene . susan avery then why do you leave so quickly ? griffin they close up the piano . after that it be just a bar . and I do not drink . delongpre you drank with kahane . griffin when io Rome . susan avery do you know kahane socially ? grifpin no . susan avery be you ever in he house ? griffin never . susan avery do you know anything about hia personally ? griffin ne. susan avery do you think he might have be homosexual ? or bisexual ? griffin we do not get that triendly . why do you ask ? : susan avery some homosexual in the neighborhood have complain of attack . griffin any murder ? ( continued ) 62 4/20/89 $ 3. continued : ( 3 ) the tension in the room drop . the interrogation be now a conversation . delongpre two . this may be related . walter stucke ] shoot he cuff and slap the arm of he chair walter stuckel griffin , maybe we can let you get back to work now . everyone get up . as they be leave , while they walk , griffin can sense avery 's dissatisfaction . griffin something 's bother you , what be it ? susan avery do you follow David kahane to the parking lot after he leave you ? do you see he in the parking lot ? grippin no , I park on the street . for drive a mercede and I always feel 's safer when it 's visible , you know ? out on the street , who 's go to smash the window ? susan avery you mean if you own a cheaper ear you might have use the parking lot ? grippin and maybe I would be the dead man . susan avert no . you be too lucky . they're in the hall . griffin watch they walk away . waltec tap ~a picture of William Holden . walter stuckel this man ... this man be special ... griffin pick up the variety on Jan 's desk . flip to a back page and he ad : no more card ... we should talk . ~4/20/89 $ 4. 63 ext . studio - late afternoon 63 someone's Pov of griffin a he walk towards a screen room . griffin know he 's be follow . he wheel around . it 's walter stuckel . : walter stuckel if I be a pasadena homicide detective with enough time , I would find out all I could about young buck like yourself , and when I learn what a walter stuckel know about they , I would call you down to the station for another chat . gripfin what do a walter stuckel know ? walter stuckel he know that young buck do not hang out in theater lobb:e wait for writer . do you know he use to be a drug dealer ? griffin really ? - walter stuckel I check up on he . he be smart . he do not put the profit up he nose and he make a small kill in real estate . out of the trade tor three year . the police do not think he death have anything to do with he past . you do not do drug anymore , do you ? gripfir I have not touch a joint in two year , and I have forget what ' cocaine look like . walter stuckel it 's white . griffin : David kahane be never my deater . I do not know the man . walter stuckel if you say so . ( continued ) 63 64 4/20/89 . 55 . continued : 63 _gripfin Goodbye , walter . and griffin go into a screen room . int . screening room - day 64 ' daily be under way . the same take , over and over , no change visible . the production staff . Larry levy have the big seat next to levison . griffin take a seat , quietly , and reach for the phone . larry levy ( comment on the sereen ) it look dark . leviso . they can print it up . larry levy I think this guy ia too much in love witb shadow . gripfin ( into phone ) fey , Jan , any message ? levison {about the actress on screen ) she 's great , be not she ? jan ( ¥.0 . ) Joe gillis say he will see you at the polo Lounge tonight , around nine . larry levy a star . ° griffin Joe gillis ? who 's Joe gillis ? - , jan ( v.0 . ) he say you would know . levison he 's the character William Holden play in sunset boulevard , the screenwriter who get kill by the old movie star . ( continued ) 64 63 4/20/89 56 . continued : 64 griffin last week he say he be knute rockne . jan ( ¥.0 . ) what be you talk about ? gripfin okay , Jan , f°11 see you later . re hang up . larry levy T do not get it , this guy call you secretary all the time and she do not recognize he voice ? grifpin lacry , do it really matter ? he stare he down . int , grifpin' office - day . € Jan be mad at griffin . jan be you leave the studio ? gripfin no . jan you tone of voice change every time you talk to I . I think you be leave , and you nre not go to take I with you . gripfin tome not look for another job . jan who 's Joe gillis ? . griffin he 's a tax planner my business manager put I on to . jan griffin , be you seriously go to take the tax advice of someone who meet you for drink at ten o'clock ? ( continued ) 4/20/89 57 . 6s continued : 6 : griffin study she . he want to make she happy . grifpin go to beverly Hills and get a massage today . Bill it to the studio . jan ( she will do it , but she 's not win over ) you be bad . 66 ext . beverly hill HOTEL - night € griffin drive to the hotel 's entrance . the shadow 's p.o.v . he leave he car with the valet . griffin walk into the hotel . 67 int . beverly hill HOTEL - night . 6 he 's on he guard . people in the lobby , which one be the postcard writer ? someone call out he name . : civella griffin mill ! griffin turn , be he about to die ? civella you . mill himself ! griffin relax , it 's andy civella , a happy , fat , rock - and - ro !l manager , bearded , thick hair , sunglass . a buccaneer . stand beside he be tom oakley , a English director , 38 , a little soft . grifpin Andy , you still live in New York ? civella I can not live here , I be allergic to happiness . you know Tom Oakley . grifpin of course . ' civella he 's direct three bomb in a row ... oakley one break even ... ( continued ) 67 68 4/20/89 : se. continued : 67 civella yeah , and it be the worst of the lot ... come on griffin , let 's have a drink . grippin I can not . I '' meeting someone . civella any friend of yours be a friend of ours . Oakley , be that right ? oakley of course . civella it 's ten o'clock griffin , you can not be do business now . gripfin I be do business , civella in that case , do business with we . we have get a idea . grippin cail I at the office . and he 's on he way to the polo Lounge . int . polo lounge - night 63 griffin approach the maitre D '. maitre D ' Mr. mill , how many ? griffin be there anyone wait for I ? hmaitre d° you can see for yourself . griffin study the room . no one look like a writer . Pat italian producer , a few hooker at the bar . griffin feel exhaust . : griffin give I a booth . civella and Oakley barrel into the room . ( continued ) 4/20/89 59 . 68 continued : : . 6 , civella give we all a booth . griffin not now . civella when she come , we will go . how 's that ? griffin no. civella yes ... we be go to tell you the story of a movie . and you be go to give we a deal . oakley he do not want to . griffin thank you , Tom . I can not . civella puck can not . you can , you will . civella go to a table where the waiter deliver a order . civella Champagne , something expensive . they take a booth . civella so you have be stand up , huh ? grippin look like it . civella she 's a whore griffin , she be no fuck good for you . oakley ( shocked , envie civella 's freedom ) Andy ... civella fuck you , Tom , Tel ! he the story . ( continued ) 4/20/89 , 60 . 68 continued : ( 2 ) grippin guy , the docter be not in . oakley we will take it to paramount . griffin with my blessing . civella just listen . the champagne arrive . griffin have he eye on the door . no one . griffin ( relent ) all cight . shoot . oakley there 's this district attorney who 's feel confuse . civella Tom ... no . come on ... oakley ( nervous , desperate , . he need this one . ) you be outside the large penitentiary in California . griffin why California ? oakley because it 's a death penalty state with the gas chamber , and that 's important to the story . - civella De not be so impatient . griffin twenty - five word or less . you know the rule . oakley it 's night . it 's raining . a line of car be go in , and they have to pass a smal ! demonstration near the entrance , maybe a hundred people , a candlelight vigil . {more ) ( continued ) 68 4/20/89 continued : 61 . ( 3 ) , 68 : oakley ( cont would ) the candle be under the umbrella , the umbrella be glow like japanese lantern . griffin that 's nice ... I have never see that . that 's good . oakley there 's a demonstrator block the way , a black woman , the eternal mammy . the driver of the car she 's in front of want to move ahead , but he passenger tell he not to . the woman see the passenger , and the moment be awful for both of they . grip ? in he 's the District Attorney and she 's the mother of the person who 's be execute . civella you be good . - griffin keep go . oakley the da ... ( not play for a joke ) bevin «+. believe in the death penalty . and the execution be a hard case , black , 19 , retarded , and definitely guilty . costner watch the execution , and it hother he . he can not atand it . the next time he send someone to die , he 's go to be rich , smart , and white . civella cut the the chase , Tom . oakley we cut from the d.a. to bel Air , and a rich couple , Michelle pfeiffer or Melanie griffith and whoever ... they have a fight , he drive away in a fit , it 's the same rainy night ... ( continued ) 68 4/20/89 62. continued : ( 4 ) 66 griffin the same rain storm be in San quentin and bel Air , they be 906 mile apart . civella come on ... we will make it hillsborough . oakley where 's hillsborough ? griffin it 's the bel Air of San prancisco , it 's half a hour from quentin . Tom , keep go . oakley the husband get in the car , spin out on a road , and the car go into a ravine ... grippin the Bay . oakley the Bay . the body be wash away , and when the police examine he ear , they find that the brake have be tampere with . [ t 's murder , and costner decide to go for the big one on this , and put the wife in the gas chamber . griffin tn twenty - five word or less , what be the story ? civella we be professional griffin , you have to hear it all . grippin no 1 do not . I do not have to hear any of it . oakley : the third act . of course he win . he send she to the gas chamber , and then find out the husband be alive , that he fake he death . ( more ) ( continued ) 4/20/89 63. continued : ( 5 ) 6 : . oakley ( cont would ) and at the end of the movie , while we see all the preparation for a execution , we have Kevin costner break into the prison , run down death row , and then after , after the gas have heen release , he blast open the gas chamber with a shot gun . grippin that 's more than twenty - five word . civella it 's fuck brilliant . habeas Corpus , that 's what we be call it . habeas Corpus . produce the cocpse . yes or no ? the maitre do come to the table . maitre d' Mr. mill , for you . he give griffin a post card . - civella what the hell be this ? griffin who give this to you ? maitre d' it come from the front desk . civella grab it . there 's nothing on the back , no message , it 's just meck : griffin mill , pole Lounge . '' grippin thanks . oakley what be it ? griffin it 's a signa ] from the guy I be suppose to meet here tonight . he 's tell I that the reason he could not have drink with I be that he 's get laid . ( continued ) ~~ 69 70 71 4/20/89 64 . continued : | ( 6 ) . : 66 - civella I think you be here for a girl . oakley all that on a blank card ? gripfin we understand each other . griffin want to leave . griffin call I at the studio . civella do we have a shot ? griffin yes . griffin drop three twenty on the table . civella do not you want the receipt ? . grippin you keep it . and he leave . int . beverly hill HOTEL lobby - night . 65 griffin be on full alert . be the postcard writer here ? griffin study one man who might be the writer . the man be a little dish lead , nervous , not richly dress , furtive eye , and he gla be tape at one of the temple . a movie STAR come into the lobby , and the man get up laconically . the Movie Star shake hand with he and they go off to the polo Lounge . griffin go outside . ext . beverly hill HOTEL - night 70 he get he car . tip the valet . — the shadow's p.0.v. hatching griffin drive away . int . gripfin be car 1 griffin drive towards sunset boulevard . when he puil up to the light , he 's aocar in the rear view mirror . he cross sunset . he think he 's be follow . be he ? ( continued ) 4/20/89 65 . continued : , 1 he drive down beverly drive . he slow down to let the car pass . it drop further back . griffin speed up . he make a leave . he turn into a alley . he 's be follow . he drive slowly . the car behind he get closer in the alley . the other driver pull out a gun . griffin see it in he side view mirror . ahead be sunset boulevard , the traffic be a river , safety . he close he eye . the gun be fire , and griffin 's windshield be shattered . he slump forward onto the wheel of the car , and the rorn go off . the other driver be try to see into griffin 's car without get out of he own . griffin , without look up , tear away , bring he car to sunset boulevard . this be beverly Hills and the police be quick . we can already hear siren and there 's a helicopter overhead . griffin make a u-turn at - the next street and come back west on sunset . he slow down to look into the alley . five police car be catch in the hot beam of the helicopter overhead . a resident in a bathrobe be talking to the cop . the postcard writer be go . griffin turn off sunset and take the back road to beverly Glen . he 's shaking with excitement , with be alive . griffin yes ! yes ! he pick up the car phone . he dial . he get June mercator 's answer machine . JUNE ( v.0 . ) hi , this be June . leave a message at the sound of the tone , and I will get back to you as soon as I can , but if I do not call back for a while , I hope you will understand . thank you . ( beep ) -griffin it 's griffin mill . call I at the office or call I at home tonight , whenever you get in . the number be 937-9112 . '' he put the phone down , and then he turn on the radio , search the dial for something . he find a Eddie Van bale guitar solo . he turn it up loud . he start to shout with joy . griffin puck you ! you can not kill I you motherfucker ! fuck you ! {more ) ( continued ) 7 72 4/20/89 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 7 griffin ( cont would ) I be alive you piece of shit , you fuck dogshit writer , you fuck loser , try to kill I , you fuck asshole , try to kill I , you do not fuck know , you do not fuck know who I be you cheap wimp limp dick , you pussy , I be the killer , I be the killer , he leave the mansion in he noisy wake . int . griffin be house - night 72 bed . phone ring . June mercator . intercut with June in she bedroom . she 's be out , she 's have wine , she 's shower , she 's in she nightgown , she 's on she bed , the light be low . JUNE . be it too late ? grifpin no , no , of esurse not . JUNE it be out all day . priend take I to the museum and then dinner . do you have any news ? griffin no , I be sorry . JUNE I think that 's why you call . griffin no , I be sorry , 1 be wonder af you have hear anything . JUNE wo . grifpin I just want to tell you that . whenever you feel like it , give I a call , just to talk . I be pretty shake up by this myself , JUNE then you should call I . gripfik can 1 ? ( continued ) ~~ 72 4/20/89 continued : 67 . 72 JUNE of course . griffin have you be back to work ? JUNE I could not stay away . and everyone be incredibly nice to I . too nice . griffin what be you plan ? JUNE I do not have any . griffin tisten . I would like to see you . I - do not know if that 's possible . I do not know you , I do not know what you life be like , I be sure you have get good friend who can help you througb this a lot better than I can , but I think there 's a connection between we . JUNE I do not know if we should say anymore , and I do not know exactly how I feel right now , but there be a connection . the night you call , to speak to David , I have a feel about you , that I would hear from you again . I suppose that 's awful to admit , but I have learn a lot from this , and it 's important to say what you feel . you can not find out what you feel until you start to admit all you feeling . and this feeling change . oh , God , I be run at the mouth , be not 1 ? well , I be not go to apologise . . griffin it would have be easier call you if he be slive . JUNE yes . ( continued ) 73 4/20/89 68 . continued : ( 2 ) : 2 griffin but I call you anyway . JUNE I be glad you do . griffin it 's easy talk to you . be it easy talk to I ? JUNE yes . griffin there 's a lot we be not say . tut I be proud of we restraint . JUNE it have a certain elegance , dce not - it ? griffin good night . JUNE you toc . phone down . - int . levison be office - day 73 the production executive . levison , griffin , bonnie , the other , and Larry levy , levison tomorrow morning , the manuscript of Tom wolfe 's new book will be in a room at the sherry Netherlands . you go in , you read at , you make you bid . you can not copy it , can not circulate it , can not take it home . I want you to go , griffin . it 's too soon for Larry to take that trip . I want he here . . griffin '' send 's bonnie . bonnie griffin , I be not even & vice - president . ( continued ) 73 4/20/89 69 . continued : : 73 griffin you should be . ( to levison ) let she go . she will know if it 's a movie or not . and if it be a movie , we know the bid . a million . the phone ring , annoying levison . larry levy that 's kind of high . levison ( bark into phone ) not now .... can not this wait ? all right ... just a second ... griffin . I think it 's fair . levison {hand over mouthpiece ) bonnie , pack you bag and do not take the red eye , you will need you sleep . bonnie just a second , griffin , we have that thing at the Hilton tomorrow . levison phone for you , griffin , it 's Andy civella , he say it 's important ... griffin ( lightly , go for the phone ) oh ... well , if you do not want to be a vice- president . bonnie no no no no . I be go . griffim take the phone . griffin okay , Andy , be you ready to pitch ? a new voice . not Andy . it 's the postcard writer , and he have a weak voice , he whine , he voice break . ( continued ) 73 74 7s 4/20/89 70 . continued : ( 2 ) 73 the writer ( v.0 . ) I have be wait for you call . on griffin , he 's panicked . he 's aware that everyone be watch he . griffin why do not you leave you number with Jan so I can call and hear the pitch ? the writer ( v.0 . ) I already pitch . you have my number , — levison . do you have to do this now ? the writer ( v.0 . ) - I could have kill you , but 7 do not want to . I do not want to put you out of you misery . griffin ( hang up ) okay , Andy , see you later . ( to the group ) where be we ? int . studio hallway ~- day 74 tue meeting be over , everyone walk down the hall . griffin and bonnie stop to talk in front of a still from the Roaring twenties . sonnie be you see someone else ? griffin no . bonnie I get this vibration from you . . griffin . bonnie ... have a good trip . he go ' into he office . she go into hers . int . griffin' office - day ' . 75 phone message . susan avery be on top . griffin take a breath , put on a smile , and dial . ( continued ) — 7s 77 4/20/89 continued : tn . 78 griffin detective Susan avery please .... griffin mill ..... susan avery ( v.0 . ) hello , Mr. mill . griffin griffin , and be that Officer or detective avery ? susan avery ( v.0 . ) Lieutenant actually , but detective 's all right . griffin so , you have news . susan avery ( v.0 . ) I be wonder if you could come ‘to the station . griffin for what ? susan avery ( v.0 . ) we would like to ask you a few more question . griffin when ? susan avery ( v.0 . ) now . griffin I have get a studio to run . I can come down in a hour , for about half a hour . ext . pasadena police station - day % griffin drive he mercede into the parking lot . int . pasadena police station - day of p walk through the station . notice a uniform cop who we will see again . susan avery you work must be very exciting . ( continued ) 77 4/20/89 . 72 . continued : '' grippin it 's not all movie star and caviar , but it change all the time . I imagine you do not have much routine . susan avery paperwork . they come to she desk by the wall . poster of a kitten dangle from a chin - up bar , hang in there . susan avery coffee ? griffin no . thank you . susan avery . I limit myself to a gallon a day . griffin nsmile } you must have a break in the case . susan avery what make you say that ? griffin why else would you bring I here ? susan avery do you follow David kahane to he car ? griffin no. susan avery what be you wear ? griffin I go straight from work , so , I do not know .... what I be wear - now , I guess . a dress shirt , slack , leather shoe . . she open a file of mug shot . susan avery I want you to leck at some picture . ( continued ) 4/20/89 73 , 77 continued : ( 2 ) 7 a thin mao with '' fix nose . a depressed black man . a dark - haire man with a mustache . a large man with blond hair . griffin nod at he . grippin him ? I do n‘*t know . I mean .... maybe ... something ... I do not know . susan avery could you have see he the night David kahane be murder ? gripfin paah .... look , I could never say that in court . this be a very bad position you have get I in ... t'd hate to get this guy arrest . | she take the picture back . susan avery it would have to be on more than you word . gripfin there 's a witness . susan avery toca not tell you that . griffin either there 's a witness , or this be suspect in similar murder . susan avery you would make a good detective . the tension be ebbing . he 's not under suspicion , or she 's cover up very well . griffin be this real suspect ? susan avery what do you mean by real ? griffin motive and opportunity . ( continued ) 77 Rev. 10/5/89 4. continued : he smile . ( 3 ) . 11 susan avery : a lot of killer have strange motive . grippin well , be this a robbery ? susan avery if that 's the motive , then al ! we need to show be opportunity . even you have opportunity . griffin tt would hate to think that al ] that separate anyone from murder be tack of opportunity . I guess you see the dark side a lot more than I do , but I try to believe that people be basically good . susan avery I think Hollywood be a sea of shark . gripfin there be a lot of decent , honest people in the business , people you can trust . I , I be in the middle . avery be confuse . susan avery you mean : it ? gripfin oh , yesh . I would be lie if I say you could trust I completely . susan avery what about friend ? griffin I guess I be okay with they , but the office , the job , demand a certain amount of game play . it 's ... you do not want to lie , you do not want to be cruel ... but if I get a hundred call a day , I know I be slip . 1 ! should get one twenty - five . and all that people , they want one thing . ( more ) ( continued ) 77 4/20/89 continued : 78 , ( 4 ) i ] griffin ( cont would ) they want I to say yes to they , and make they movie . they think that if I say yes to they , and make they movie , that come New Year 's , it 's just gonna be they and Jack and anjelica and Don johnston in aspen . that 's what they think . and I can only say yes ... my studio can only say yes twelve time a year . and collectively . we hear about fifty thousand storey a year . so ... so it 's hard , and you can not be Mr. Nice guy . and how do we get inte this Doctor ? and should for start tell you about my childhood ? susan avery ( flirt ) - go ahead . he wag a finger . griffin uh-unh , that would have to be after hour . susan avery maybe that can be arrange . you probably go out with lot of actress . griffin Lieutenant , detective , miss avery , Susan ... I would love to help you find the person who kill David kahane . I be sorry he die , but I barely know he , so I can afford the luzury of be fascinate by the whole process of how you go about you work . but I do not have time , this afternoon , to talk about ... my very sad love life . '' susan avery when would you have time ? griffin I will get back to you . 78 79 4/20/89 76 . int . griffin' outer office - day 78 griffin come in . jan I tell they to wait outside ... griffin enter int . griffin' office - day 79 Oakley and civella be already there . griffin have you work out the story ? civella when we tell you the story , be you prepare to commit within eighteen hour ? griffin why not twenty - four ? civella : I have meeting schedule tomorrow afternoon , at three other studio . we want the answer by tomorrow morning , by eleven . griffin what if it take I three day to say yes ? civella then you would lose it . griffin and if you be turn down everywhere else ? and I still want it ? then I could tell Business affair to see how hungry you be . civella so listen to the story already . griffin - so you have to wait already ... I want Larry levy to hear-this . oakley he 's at Fox . griffin rot anymore . ( continued ) 79 80 4/20/89 77 , continued : 19 civella ( sense Oakley 's misery ) what 's wrong with he ? oakley I pitch he something a few month ago and he hate it . griffin ( to Jan ) get I Larry levy . a moment in the room , wait . a buzz , levy be on the line . ext . beverly hill - day ac Larry be drive in beverly Hills , talk to griffin on he car 's speakerphone . he drive a Jeep . larry levy griffin . gripfin ( V ,0 . ) Larry , I have get Andy civella and Tom Oakley here , and I would not be bother you if I do not think they have a idea that you should hear . larry levy hi guy . civella the next voice you hear will have a English accent , and it belong to Tom Oakley . I be Andy civella . larry levy wi , Andy . I know Tom , how be you Tom ? oakley very well , Larry , and yourself ? ~ larry lev ? - Fine . what 's the story ? oakley you be outside San quentin . it 's night . it 's reining . ..... dissolve to : 81 82 4/20/89 78 . int , grippin' office - day al oakiey be pace , talk to the speakerphone . civella be rubbiag he shoulder , and griffin sit quietly , but he 's supportive . oakley Kevin costner break into the prison , run down death row , and then after , after the gas be release , he blast open the gas chamber with a shot gun . he grab Michelle pfeiffer in he arm ... and say something brilliant , and the movie be over . he 's drain . civella hug he . ext . larry levy's car in beverly hill - day 82 levy pull .ato a parking lot in a medical building . he park he car and take cut the telephone and walk with it . intercut with griffin at the studio . larry levy take I off the speakerphone . griffin turn off the speakerphone and pick up the receiver . grippin what time be you come back ? '' larry levy about six . how late be you stay ? griffin I will be around . larry levy have anyone else hear this ? grippin will . - larry levy it 's good . - griffin minmm ~ hn . - larry levy we should make a deal , now . tomorrow will be too late . it 's guarantee they have get other meeting on this . ( continued ) 82 83 4/20/89 79 . continued : 82 : griffin maren ~ hinenm . larry levy T will see you when I come back . he go into a psychologist 's office ( leo buckner , ph.d. ) . int . griffin' office - day a3 griffin hang up . civella well ? griffin Tom , you do a good job . civella it 's pass oc fail griffin , what do he say ? griffin get out of my office , and do not pop the cork till I call . griffin watch they go . Jan come in . jan they be happy . griffin they have a completely fuck up idea that have no second act . tt have a few hot scene , but the boy and gir ! do not get together until the very last shot . Larry levy go for it because he 's a dick brain . he do not think critically , he do not think clearly . he will sell it to levison , and then 1'1 ] l let levison have the brilliant idea of let Larry take over the project . ° jan how do that help you ? - . griffin Oakley can not write that script , he 's not good enough . ( more ) ( continued ) 4/20/89 : eo. 83 continued : 83 griffin ( cont would ) Larry 's 's go to find that out , but it will ] be too late . and levison will just think that much less of he . jan you be awful . griffin you can always quit . the phone ring . griffin tome not in . she close the door . he pick up the phone . he dial . intercut with June mercator at work , at a ease ) , work on a brochure . griffin June . JUNE helle . gripfin listen , I know this be short notice , be you free tonight ? JUNE ( tentatively ) yes . griffin you wanna go out ? JUNE you mean in public ? griffin very public . a thousand people . Black tie . can you handle it ? JUNE * I do not ‘have anything to wear . griffin listen to ber tell a lie . JUNE what time ? ( continued ) 4/20/89 81 . 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 : griffin T will pick you up in three hour . JUNE aaagggh ! Three and a half . griffin Three and a quarter . JUNE Three and a half . griffin deal . b4 int . levison be office - night a4 levison , griffin and Larry levy . larry levy twenty - five word . Dustin hoffman send Kathleen Turner to the gas chamber . when he find out she 's innocent , he have to break into prison to save she lite . lev1son can Oakley do it ? griffin I think s0 . lev1son you never work with he . griffin . no. levison De they fuck ? griffin who ? .. levison ~ Dustin and Kathleen Turner , in act two , do they fuck ? . see griffin' satisfaction when Larry levy say : larry levy we will get there . ( continued ) 84 85 86 4/20/89 . 82 , continued : BA : levison griffin , I would like Larry to take this one . : a look between griffin and Larry levy . griffin oblige , so politely . larry levy tf you feel atrongly .... gripfin Tom and Andy might object ... larry levy 1 feel awkward get a project that start with you . would you talk to they ? gripfin anything for the team , - int . limousine - night . gt griffin be in black tie . the limousine head up outpost drive . the long car come around a corner , and we know which house be June mercator 's , David kahane 's black saab be in the driveway . the dealer 's sticker be go , but two stripe of glue have yet to be soak off . . griffin open the door for himself and walk up the path . Fe ring the bell . the driver get out of the car and lean against it . wait . June open the door . the limousine surprise she , but she do not say anything . she have a cordless phone in she hand . JUNE come on in . int . jone' house - night a6 griffin look at the house while June talk . someone play the piano . someone collect original comic book art . there be a few Mission piece , - a few modern piece . no atomic furniture , no Memphis , nothing too trendy . . a picture of kahane be on the piano . ( continued ) ~~ sé 87 8a 4/20/89 83. continued : ~ '' of JUNE ( on the phone ) the bank be very unhappy . do you understand ? it 's Wednesday or never , Ben . deliver the brochure by Wednesday or throw they out . it 's up to you , Ben , it 's on you shoulder . she push the antenna back into the phone . JUNE okay . griffin vou be have fun . JUNE actually , we have two week before . we need the brochure , and Ben know that , but he 's slow . would you like a glass of wine ? no , of course not , we have to go . griffin beautiful house . . JUNE it be either clean it up or find something to wear . I 'l ] give you the tour another time . griffin I would like that . something sexual begin . JUNE let 's go . : ext . sunset boulevard - night a? the limousine . . ext . santa monica boulevard - night : oe a river of limousine go to the beverly Hilton . ext . beverly hilton HOTEL - night . as the entrance to the hotel be like a patient in surgery , under bright light , the center of attention . griffin 's driver get out to open the door . June get out first . ( continued ) 89 90 4/20/89 84 . continued : ; . 89 JUNE there ! 's Robin Williams , as griffin get cut the Driver whisper to he : oriver we be follow . from the time we leave the studio . hat ? griffin what ? driver I be not sure until we pick up you friend , but the car that follow we drive past she house , and then , when we start back down the hill , he be after we again . he pull into public parking when I make the leave back : there . a dodge charger . griffin do you see the driver ? driver short hair and a mustache . grippin thanks . griffin turn away from the Driver and catch up with June , who ' a watch Robin Williams 's performance . Williams smile at griffin . int . grand ballroom - night 90 as griffin walk through the crowd he 's greet by people every step of the way . thia be he room , this be he people . we watch June watch he . he 's smooth , he 's popular . the studio 's table be at the front of the room . levison be there with he wife , andrea , griffin introduce June to allan sperber , he wife melanie , JOHN antovich and he wife becky . _ gripfpin - June mercator , Doug and andrea levison , allan and Melanie sperber , John and Becky antovich . General hellos . a approve wink from levison . ( continued ) 4/20/89 : 8s . 90 continued : 90 ; andrea maybe you can help we solve a mystery . antovich show they the postcard . griffin ( alert ) postcard ? andrea who have the postcard ? levison you give it to Melanie . melanie here it be . a naked polynesian woman stand in a tahitian waterfal ) . levison it be underneath my plate . andrea actually it be underneath griffin 's plate , but we switch . levison we think it 's about a door prize . jone do it say anything ? levison ( show he ) yes. surprise . the house light dim . a movie screen drop from above and a film about Industry charity begin . griffin ( whisper to June ) T have to go to the bathroom . as griffin leave the table , levison tug at he ara . levison so it 's over between you and bonnie ? ( continued ) 90 91 92 93 4/20/89 , 86. continued : ( 2 ) 90 griffin bonnie 's out of town , June be just the friend of a friend . levison friend of a friend ? what do you do , steal she from she boyfriend ? griffin no , levison you be blush . he pat griffin , and griffin walk through the dark . a voice , '' hey , griffin , '' a hand , griffin be go . , int . beverly hilton lobby ~- night 9 griffin be on edge . limousine driver be smoking cigarettes outside the lobby entrance . griffin 's driver see he and straighten up , ready to get the car . griffin shake he head , no . he cross the lobby , look for a short - haire man with a mustache . there he be , near the elevator . griffin walk through the lobby to the coffee shop . int . copfee shop - night 92 griffin busy a candy bar . the short -haired man follow he into the coffee shop . griffin go back into the lobby and head to the elevator . he wait for the short - haire man to catch up . they enter the same elevator with a bellboy carry luggage . griffin push 5 . the bellboy get off on the third floor . the elevator continue up . griffin you have to understand , it 's a difficult job . I see people all day long . my phone ring @ hundred and twenty - five time a day . the elevator open and griffin get out , so do the man . the hallway be quiet . . int , rilton hallway - night griffin I do not know how I can make it up to you . ( more ) ( continued ) 93 94 95 4/20/89 87 . continued : 93 griffin ( cont would ) I be ' sorry that I hurt other people 's feeling along the way . I be try to be better , 1 really be . but you be go too far . it 's a incredibly difficult business . it 's hard for all of we . be push the elevator button , up and down . griffin come in again and tell I a story . tell I everything you have get . usually we only like to hear one at a time , but it 's obvious you have a active imagination , maybe we can channel all that anger into something good . what do you say ? no response . griffin and we will forget all this nonsense about kill I . short-haired man I be not go to kill you . griffin who be you ? short-haired man T be not who you think I be . a elevator door open . they get in . as the door close , griffin run out into the hall . the short haire man stay in . griffin run down the long empty hal ! to the Fire exit . int . FIRE stair - night 94 he race down the fire stair , like a five year - old chase hy bis demon . ext . side entrance - night aan 95 he come outside a back entrance of the hotel . he pull himself together and walk back in to the main entrance . 96 4/20/89 88. int . ballroom - night % neil diamond be sing . griffin come up benind June and kiss she behind the ear , move she hair aside to kiss she neck . JUNE where be you ? griffin I be not feel well . JUNE oh , babe ... why do not you say something ? be it you stomach ? griffin sometimes I get a little nervous in a crowded room . I need some air . I take a walk . JUNE be you okay now ? griffin Fine . jone poor baby . she kiss he on the cheek , like a sister . he want more . White diamond sing , griffin kiss June again , at the top of she spine . she drift back to he . he reach around and hold she waist , and then draw he thumb up to touch the bottom of she breast . he kiss she on the cheek and on the ear . she lower she head and offer she neck again . griffin catch levison watch he . levison grin . Neil diamond finish he song . everyone cheer . griffin do you want to stay ? JUNE - you have to , do not you ? griffin no. ° jone ( sex ) - let 's go . they get up . 97 99 4/20/89 89 . int . beverly hilton lobby - night 97 griffin and June walk through the lobby . he 's on edge . she can ee to JUNE what 's wrong ? grippin nothing , she do not believe he . they Driver see they and run for the car . ext . beverly hilton ~ night 98 griffin open the door for June . the Driver stop griffin before he get in . they have a whisper conversation . driver I find the sodge charger . it 's a police car . pasadena Police . . gripfin ( recover immediately ) maybe he be follow you . driver I have not be to pasaden since the Rose bowl four month ago . grippin tt have not be there in two year . driver maybe they be after you friend . gripfin should we tell she ? driver that 's up to you . gripfin rey , this be a ficst date . let sleep dog lie . and with a wink he get into the car . ext . wilshire boulevard - night 93 as they pull onto the boulevard , griffin see the dodge charger beside they . griffin look to the Driver and they eye meet in the rear view mirror . ( continued ) 99 4/20/89 90 . continued : 99 . juke that be fun . but I guess you go to this thing eal ] the time . griffin it 's all part of the job . the dodge charger stay close . the limousine Driver change lane , the charger follow , intersection . the charger be still at they side . the Driver stall the limo . driver sorry . the charger be force to continue on with the traffic . griffin that 's okay . the limo make a leave onto Santa monica boulevard . griffin and the Driver look at each other in the mirror . a job well do . griffin do you have to be at work early ? _ JUNE not really . griffin you do not love he . JUNE David ? griffin David , JUNE yes . no . I like he a lot . we comfortable together . we wonderful friend . gripfin be you break up ? - . JUNE TI do not know . yes . he be 's .frustrate . he would make some money in ... in real estate , but that be not what he want . he want to be a artist . ( continued ) 99 100 101 102 4/20/89 91 . continued : ( 2 ) 99 ' griffin $ of what be he do in the movie ? griffin kiss she , with conviction , and he force she to kiss he back , not by pull she to he , but by keep he face against hers , by demand from she a increase in passion . by tell she that the passion be there . griffin 1 have to do that , JUNE would you mind come back to my house ? griffin sure . they kiss again . . ext . street - night 120 the limousine in traffic . up to outpost , to June 's house . ext . jurex house - night 302 griffin I '} ] take a cab bome . griffin sign for the limousine and tip the driver a hundred dollar . oriver thanks . June wait on the path . she watch griffin , and she 's not sure about what to do next . he catch up to she . he put he arm around she and they walk into the house . int . jone' house - night a JUNE do you want something to drink ? a glass of white wine ? griffin just mineral water . she go to the kitchen . he follow she . they be silent mbile she pour two mineral water . ( continued ) — 102 4/20/89 continued : 92 . 102 JUNE it can not sleep with you tonight . griffin , I be wonder about that myself . JUNE really ? griffin twas feel a little weird . tone why ? griffin it would be the first time you have make love ... I would be the first person you have be to bed with since David die . . JUNE that 's right . gripfin that 's ... that 's a powerful ... responsibility . 1 do not know ... that 's a very charge event . JUNE we should have go to you house . I can not make love in that bed . if we would go to you house ... at you house it would have be easier .... ( the weight of it all ) griffin let 's stay up and talk . tell I about you childhood , tell I about college , tell I about you job . we will go somewhere this weekend . : JUNE where ? . . griffin Mexico . Puerto vallarta . JUNE really ? ( continued ) 102 103 4/20/89 93. continued : ( 2 ) 102 : gripfin yes . she throw herself into he arm and start to cry . she 's sobbing . JUNE it 's funny how people meet , be not it ? griffin yes . be not life strange ? int . grifpin' bedroom - night 103 griffin sleep . the phone ring . griffin pick it up , alert . ~ griffin hello ? postcard writer ( v.0 . ) surprise . griffin go to sleep . postcard writer ( v.0 . ) you say you would get back to I . ° griffin and I will never get back to you , you know why ? you be a loser . you can not get a movie make , and you be blame it on Hollywood . you know why you can not get «a movie make ? you idea be terrible . that postcard be probably the best thing you have ever write . postcard writer ( v.0 . } you be corrupt , and you system be corrupt . griffin row do you know ? you be not in - the system . postcard writer ( v.0 . ) I could have kill you . griffin | no you could not . you would have no one to bate . and griffin hang up on he . 4/20/89 94 . 104 int , griffin' office - day 104 walter stuckel ' be in the office . walter stuckel there 's a chance they think it be you . griffin that I kill the guy ? walter stuckel you fit the description . griffin they have not say anything to I . . walter stuckel of course not . griffin be not you suppose to know you accuser ? walter stuckel it 's time for you to get yourself areal good lawyer . gripfin I have a drink with the guy , walter , that 's all . walter stuckel tf you go to pasadena with the intent to kill , you could go to the gas chamber . griffin I go to pasadena with the intent to hire . walter stuckel $ of you say . Jan come into the office . - " jan the schecter brother be here . the two schecter brother , carl and eric , manic film school grad , in love with they bad reputation , invade the office . eric schecter ~ do not make we wait , griffin . ( continued ) ~ 104 4/20/89 continued : 95 . 104 ° carl schecter ( indicate walter ) who be this man ? eric schecter oh , and the travel agent call . you be confirm . jan he grab the phone from I . walter stuckel Travel agent ? griffin I be go to puer*o vallarta tomorrow . : walter stuckel you be leave the country ? - griffin for the weekend . the schecter brother watch this like a tennis match . walter stuckel that 's a risk . jan why ? griffin because Larry levy could have my office in three day . that 's what walter think . jan ( panicked for she job ) nave you hear something ? walter stuckel no . with a_look at griffin , he get up . : walter stuckel you be pretty smooth . griffin I sleep like a baby . ( continued ) of 4 4/20/89 96 . continued : ( 2 ) . 104 : walter stuckel you really should run the studio . griffin tell a friend . walter leave . he pass the gauntlet . eric schecter Goodbye , walter . you be a strange man . carl schecter so long , walter . it 's be real . as soon as walter be 'gone ... eric schecter give we a deal here , griffin , give we a home . Carl , how much have we last three picture gross ? carl schecter a hundred and five million . griffin be not listen . eric schecter that 's not bad , I know some people do better , but we be consistent , and we be always under budget . carl sckecter forget it Eric , he 's not listen . let 's go to orion . eric schecter we already go to orion . they say no . and he 's still not listen . carl schecter where be you , griffin ? - " eric schecter fuck he , let 's go to paramount . carl schecter we already go to paramount . eric schecter what do they say ? ( continued ) 404 4/20/89 : 97 . continued : ( 3 ) : 104 : carl schecter they say no. griffin be silent , he 's freeze . griffin I be sorry . bonnie sherow poke she head into the office . griffin ( panicked , contain it , and annoyed by the brother 's routine ) bonnie . bonnie I get the book . griffin congratulation . carl schecter bonnie , tell he to give we a deal . we want a home . eric schecter we be tired of shopping everything around . bonnie but I think that 's how you like to do business . carl schecter we have change we mind . griffin {to bonnie ) T will talk to you later . bonnie levison say you be go out of town tomorrow . - " griffin oh ... right ... just for the- weekend , it 's a new project . bonnie be you go with someone name June mercator ? ( continued ) 4 104 105 4/20/89 continued : . 98 . ( 4 ) 194 , grippin hew de you know about June mercator ? bonnie you take she to a party with a thousand of my best friend . griffin she 's a location scout . I meet she last year . you be not in town so I ask she to come . bonnie and now you be take she to Mexico . eric schecter we better go upstairs Carl , Hom and dad be have a fight . . gripfin okay guy , have you agent call I , you have get you deal . eric schecter stop the press . griffin mill just say yes . '' griffin what do that mean ? carl schecter you know . it 's jike Ed McMahon 's heeere 's johnny ! it 's what people say when they do a griffin mill imitation . " mmm , let I get back to you . '' . bonnie do not follow this , she know she affair witb griffin be over , bonnie have a good trip . and she slam the door . car ] and Eric smile , they love drama . ext . STREET - evening . 190 $ griffin drive and talk on the phone . intercut with susan avery in she office . ( continued ) 105 4/20/89 continued : 99 . 1's : gripfin detective avery , have you find the killer ? susan avery how long have you know June mercator ? griffin about three week . susan avery since David kahane die , since the night you call he . grippin right , since the night I go to pasadena . susan avery you do not know she before that ? ~ griffin we meet over the phone . we start talk and feel very comfortable together . we talk about that feel , and then one conversation lead to another . she think that I might have special information , that you might tell I more than you would tell she . susan avery why ? griffin because I be a powerful man in a big industry . susan avery you have be out with she . grifpin yes , we have be out . and you have be follow I . susan avery . you do not think it 's a little too soon for she to go out in public ? griffin start to yell , full of indignation . ( continued ) 4/20/89 100 , 10 $ continued : ( 2 ) le griffin what be this , fuck Iran , miss avery ? since when do the state tell we how long and with whos we can handle we grief ? or be you just hold June mercator to some special code of mourn reserve for woman ? be that it ? susan avery ( push back , after all , he be a powerful man ) Mr. mill .... Mr. mill ... I be sorry ... grippin ( now he 's calmer ) I be there tor she 's a friend , that 's all . but why do not you call she , I be sure she will be happy to pick over the horror of what happen to she . susan avery a murder investigation be sometimes unpleasant . the bad guy do not do we any favor . we have to follow all lead . griffin yeah , well think about how I feel . T be the last person to see he alive . it could have be I out there . me. he hang up . . dissolve to : 106 ext . jone 's house - day 10 . June be dress for a vacation : white pants , expensive t-shirt , green sweater tie over she shoulder , high - top sneaker . griffin give she a kiss . they go into the limousine . 107 «=-ext . street of the CITY - day 10 ° the limousine be dark window reflect a police car . inside the limousine griffin watch the police car . the car pull away and griffin relax . _ ( continued ) 107 108 4/20/89 102. continued : le another police car pull beside they and stay for a while before leave . griffin relax . the limousine be dark window reflect the dodge charger that follow he to the Hilton . Inside be the short - haire cop with the mustache . griffin see he , but of course the cop can not see griffin . ext . airport - day 1 '' griffin and June leave the limousine while the Driver hand the bag to a skycap . griffin study every cop , every possible plain clothes cop . JUNE be you marry ? griffin no . why ? JUNE it once go out with a marry man . every time we vere in public , I get this vibration off of he ... like the one I be get from you . griffin T be a single man . I be not marry . there be no one else . more potential cop . 1osathe long conveyor belt to the terminal everything in the world be strange to he . he be aware that he 's be follow . the short-haire cop with the mustache be bebind thea . JUNE be somebody after you ? gripfin I think I recognize my roommate from college . JUNE go , go , go get a better look . I love run into old friend . griffin tt hate it . ( continued ) 108a 1088 iose 109 4/20/89 . 102 , continued : 10. griffin look back . the short haire cop be twenty foot behind they . griffin no. JUNE cheer up . two quart of tequila and you will be as good as new . the gate ticket hand to Gate attendant . '' boarding ramp griffin and June walk to the plane , come to the dog leg lead to the door , he look ahead , there be the stewardess wait for he board pass , he look back , there 's the short -haire man . he go to the plane . men who could be federal agent be on the plane , but they turn out to be with the airline , and they leave . int . plane - day 10 . the plane be almost full . the door close . on the ground , police . be it almost over ? the - lane pull away from the gate . take off . the stewardess move througb the first class cebin offer margaritas . stewardess margarita ? griffin no , thank you . can I have e mineral water ? sune shut up , griffin . two margarita , - thank you . she take the drink . jone drink . griffin sip . ( continued ) 109 110 111 112 4/20/89 103. continued : 10s JUNE better ? griffin better . she kiss he , nibble he ear . he smile . re kiss she . in the back of the plane , college student give out movie bandito yell . it 's party time . ext . puerto vallarta airport - day 110 the door open as the roll staircase be bring to the plane . int . plane - day 11 griffin watch - hexican policeman on the tarmac , they be watch the plane . he get up with June . they pick up they bag and wait at the door . stewardess have a nice time . the sun blast griffin as he step outside . he lead June down the stair and they hurry to the terminal . Police and soldier seem to be everywhere . int . puerto vallarta terminal - day 112 wait in line . griffin be anxious as they approach passport control . griffin what 's take it so long ? JUNE this thing take time . '' griffin I be not use to wait . JUNE Yau need another drink . ' she give he another kiss and prease against he . he be be watch by a mexican cop . re put 8 arm around June and return the kiss , as much to avoid the cop 's stare as to make love . : passport control . no problem , but griffin could crack at any moment . baggage claim . June get she bag . 113 114 115 116 4/20/89 104 . ext . - HOTEL playa do oro ~- day . 113 arrive at the hotel , cobblestone , palm , servant . int . HOTEL room - day '' 114 June go straight to the refrigerator and open a small bottle of tequila . she drink it straight down and then give he a deep , friendly look , amused and thankful for he generosity , that say she be honestly fall in love with he and that nothing about he could disappoint she . she pinch he belly . JUNE come on fat boy , let 's get a tan . ext . the beach - day 11 griffin rub lotion onto June 's back . while she talk , we see what he see , that the net be close in , and that now he can not be . sure of anyone around he , anyone could be official , a american woman snap a picture of griffin and June . griffin think it 's of he , but then the woman 's little boy appear behind he , wear a big sombrero . JUNE I suppose 1 should worry about skin cancer , but ... David be afraid of skin cancer and look what happen to he . two mexican cop be at the bar , a harbor patrol boat cruise back and forth just beyond the line of mild surf . the policeman start walk to griffin . one have he hand on he gun . the policeman pass by . no arrest . jone I be go back to the room . griffin I will stay for a bit . she leave . one of the cop follow she . the other keep he eye on griffin . dissolve to : ext . seach - late afternoon 116 the beach be almost desert . a few drunk be at the beach bar , wait for the sunset . griffin be walk back to he room , with a cop follow . 117 118 119 4/20/89 105 . int . hallway - late afternoon au1 griffin take a deep breath outside the room , prepare for the worst . June open the door . she 's wash , clean , she skin be pink from the sun . shé look beautiful . JUNE there 's a message for you . grippin and we have not even be here six hour JUNE it 's from you lawyer . int . HOTEL room - late afternoon 118 griffin on the phone . griffin when will he be back ?... do he want I to come back today ?.... on JUNE who shake she head " no " at this . griffin gesture to she : do not worry about it . griffin do he say what this be about ?... tell he 1 '1 ] call tomorrow morning . he hang up . JUNE be it important ? griffin I be not go back until Monday . let I take a shower and then we will see the town . ext . puerto vallarta - night 119 griffin and dune strol ) along the main street , past bara fill with drunk Americans . it look like a movie set . they talk . JUNE 80 what be it go to be with we ? he can not answer . ( continued ) 119 120 4/20/89 106 . continued : lis JUNE griffin ? griffin we have to move slowly . ee turn up a side street that climb steeply up a hill . the street be dark . June follow he . a few moment pass .... JUNE you be a interesting man , and I think you like I , and I do not think you be hang around with I out of pity ... griffin no . - JUNE but I can not figure out what you really want . re grab she , not roughly , but she can not get avay unless he let she . she do not fight . he 's testing she , how tar will she go . he kiss she . he see they reflection in a window , a echo of he reflection in kahane 's car window , the image be the same . they be in the same position . he lift she ' dress . she kiss he harder . he put he hand in she underpant . she grab he shoulder . he pull she dress above she waist and he unzip he fly . he rub against she wide , soft belly . he could come , but he do not want to . he lower she dress . JUNE what 's wrong ? griffin let 's go back to the hotel . ir? T. notel room - night a2 they pour mineral water into champagne glass and watch the wind play with the palm tree , and listen to the surf . the garden below be empty . June come up behind he . as she do , a mesican top slowly amble into the garden below . he light a cigarette . and look up at they . June hug griffin from behind . JUNE you be one of the best man I have ever meet in my life . ( continued ) 120 4/20/89 continued : 107 . grifpin you have get I all wrong . JUNE I love you . griffin ( quietly , not sure he believe it , maybe he do ) T love you . JUNE I do not know what I would have do without you after David be kill . grippin all I do be offer you a little sympathy . JUNE sometimes I think about the night he die . what if the killer have come to you instead of David ? gripfin I park on the street . JUNE but if you have not . 1 would not have go to you funeral . and I think I would have feel awful , somewhere in my , I do not know , my soul , I would have think , whoa , if I have not tell he that David be in p ena , he would not have go there and heen kill . you extend yourself . you have no idea how . much I respect that . griffin there 's a long way from respect to love . JUNE well , you be cute and you be rich . that do not hurt . she undress . he start to close the window . ( continged ) 120 120 4/20/89 108. continued : ( 2 ) 120 griffin let I turn on the air conditioner . JUNE no . we be in mezice . if you turn on the air conditioner we will not smeil the heach , and the flower , and sun tan oil and taco and fish ... 1£ you turn on the air conditioner we might as well be in Palm Springs . and Palm Springs be a creepy place to make love . he look back at the cop . he turn away from he . she help griffin out of he clothes . she pull he to she . as with all the part of he life , he need to be in control . he guide she with he hand and with he voice . griffin just lie there , just be quiet ... just stay where you be . that 's it ... he sit up beside she and stroke she hody . he drav he hand from she shoulder to she foot , more like a massage than foreplay . she reach out the touch he and he brushes she hand away . griffin someone be watch we . every move . they be watch we , they be watch we now . she accept this as 2 fantasy , and she succumb to it . now griffin be stroking she , he finger be inside she . she come . he will not let go of she and she have to pull he hand away . JUNE stop , stop . she look up at he through glaze eye . '' jone - {a smile , shy , invite , promise Heaven ) you turn . griffin no . ( continued ) 120 121 4/20/89 continued : '' 109 . ( 3 ) ; 12 JUNE I ... for already put in my diaphragm . gripfin shhh . and he lie beside she , and hold she . she look at he , they eye lock , she know he 's keep something from she . ext . the beach - dat 12 griffin and June be swim slowly in a calm sea . overhead : tourist in parachute , pull by speedboat . quiet for a moment . JUNE how come you do not have a girlfriend ? griffin 1 do . 1 do . JUNE the one who could not go to the ball ? grippin yes . JUNE dee she know you be here with I ? grippia ro. JUNE where be she ? _ grippin ta Los Angeles . JUNE why be not you with she ? grippir I tell she I be busy . we be not as close as we use to be . JUNE so she 's not really you girlfriend . you do not love she . ( continued ) 121 122 123 4/20/89 lle . continued : 122 gripfin I think I tell you that I love you . JUNE Men say lot of thing they do not really mean . griffin I mean it at the time . JUNE yes , that 's one of the thing you hear man say . they say that one a lot . she splashes he , she 's unhappy , a spel ! have be break and she 's the one who ask to smash it . she duck under watec , come back up , splashes griffin and then swim away . he catch up with she . griffin you be disappointed with I because I keep something from you , because I do not tell a old girlfriend that I would be in Mexico with another woman . I be just a guy , June . maybe I have a big office and a fancy car , and I know how to wear a tuzedo and call for a limousine , so it look like I have my life together , but love confuse everyone . I be no esception . JUNE ( sober , but forgive he ) let 's go to the room . int . HOTEL rook - night 122 in bed , naked . again he play she with bis hand . she reach for he . griffin not yet . ext . mexican highway - day 123 griffin and June in the cab . the police be behind they . June see they . ( continued ) 123 124 125 126 127 4/20/89 111. continued : 12 JUNE there be a lot of police around this morning . griffin really ? she do not answer , it 's not important to she . int . airport - day 12 griffin see that they be be escort through passport Control . ext . tarmac ~ day 12 griffin and June walk to the staircase to the plane . Police be everywhere . the supervise officer , on he car 's telephone . seem to be describe they progress to headquarters . at the top of the stair , June kiss griffin . JUNE thank you , griffin . I have a wonderful ] time . int . lax - day 12 griffin and June walk towards the crowd wait for the arrive passenger . a limousine driver with a sign : mr. kill . int . limousine - day 12 griffin on the car phone . he dial . jan ( v.0 . ) griffin mill 's office . griffin I be back . jan ( v.0 . ) how be hexico ? griffin do Dick hellen call ? jan ( ¥.0 . ) yes , and you old friend Susan avery . she tell I to tell you to call she as soon as you get in . I ask she if there be a break in the case ? ( more ) ( continued ) 127 128 129 4/20/89 112. continued : 127 jan ( cont would ) and she say , she do not want to jinx amything . se I guess there be . griffin 1°21 be back in a hour . he hang up . he dial another number . JUNE you 'l ] be on the phone all day , will not you ? griffin all day . ext . limousine - day 128 head up outpost , to June 's house . int , limousine - day : 129 griffin on the phone with mellen . : griffin what 's the news , Dick ? . mellen ( v.0 . ) levison be out . griffin so Larry levy be take over ? mellen ( v.0 . ) that 's not what I hear . do not talk to anybody . 1I '11 call when I hear more . griffin thanks . . ( he hang up . ) JUNE good news ? griffin you be the only good news . he kiss she . they be at she house . 130 131 4/20/89 lis . ext . june's house - day at the front door . griffin think he may be arrest soon , and that she may be arrest . he feel guilty now , but he do not know how to warn she of the crisis to come . griffin ummm .... listen ... whatever happen between u : . whether it work out ... 11 ... let 's say we get marry .... JUNE be you propose ? griffin no. JUNE so you do not want to get marry . griffin look ... big thing may happen today . and ... and [ I want you to know that ... I ... you have a right to whatever you want to think of I . JUNE what be you talk about ? griffin kiss ber , and walk back to the limousine . the saeb be still in the driveway . int . limousine - day griffin on the phone as he wave goodbye to June . griffin Susan avery please ... griffin mill be call . I wait . susan avery ( v.0 . ) griffin , this be sort of difficult , because I like you . but I be wonder if mayhe you would get in touch with a lawyer today and beth of you come down to the station . griffin be someone accuse I of the murder ? ( continued ) 131 132 133 4/20/89 - 114. continued : . . 13 ) susan avery ( v.0 . ) T tell the d.a. you would come without a subpoena , but if you want to be serve at the studio , be my guest . . griffin when do you need to see I ? susan avery tn a hour . he hang up . he dial another number . griffin it 's griffin mill . listen , we be stick on a story point , I need to talk to a criminal lawyer , who do Dick like ? ... thanks . ( dial again ) Mr. Phillip brophy , please ... tell he griffin mill .... hello . Mr. brophy , my name be griffin mill , I be a client of Richard mellen at mellen , ottoway and Green ... and I be not quite sure what 's go on , but I have be ask to bring @ lawyer with I to the pasadena police station . T will explain it in person . I need help immediately , and { can pay any fee . ext . pasadena police station - day 132 the limousine arrive . int . police station - day . 133 griffin come into the station . walter stuckel be sit on a bench , watch . susan avery thanks for come down without - a fight . griffin this. be not a party , miss avery . phil brophy bound into the lobby . he 's in he may - thirty , energetic , focuss , and griffin be a little jealous of someone whose life have not bring he to the brink of ruin . ( continued ) 133 4/20/89 continued : 115 . bropuy Mr. mill , get away from that woman , she 's the enemy . griffin Mr. brophy ... brophy sit down , Mr. mill , let I do the talk . griffin go to walter as brophy talk to avery . griffin what be you do here ? walter stuckel look out for the studio 's interest . griffin you mean if I get arrest you handle the press ? walter stuckel 1 handle the press . brophy return and pull griffin aside . brophy she want you to do a line -up . griffin get I out of it . brophy if you say no , they will arrest you . they be pretty sure . griffin all 2 do be see the guy before he die . brophy I never argue with the man who can pay any fee . griffin what if they pick I ? ( continued ) 133 134 4/20/89 116. continued : ( 2 ) 13 : brophy this be serious stuff . you get arrest , and I get you out on bail . grippin and I be on the six o'clock news . brophy ( a moment of reassure humor ) Nah , the eleven , by the time the book be over , it will be too late for the six . griffin like brophy . griffin let 's go . int , line - up room - day li : griffin stand in front of the height graph paint on the wall . there be six men in the lineup , three of they vaguely griffin 's size and shape . number S ig the cop he would see near avery 's desk . they look at they reflection , and griffin try to see beyond . impossible . griffin be number 3. - susan avery ( v.0 . ) number one , step forward .... number five ... turn sideways .... number three , step forward ... a pause . griffin be out in front , alone , face he reflection . susan avert ( v.0 . ) thank you number three ... number four , step forward .... thank you number four ... number two .... step forward ... thank you number two .... number three , step forward .... turn to the leave number three .... number five , would you step forward , too . stay there , number three . griffin turn . off he profile we move through the mirror . and come back around to see he from the witness 's Pov . we do not see the Witness , who be in the row behind Susan avery . susan avery turn the the right .... face forward number three .... ( continued ) 134 135 4/20/89 117 , continued : 3 avery turn to the witness , '' susan avery arve you ready ? : a terrifying pause . avery , and griffin , be wait . int . linz - op room - day 13 : Susan avery , phil brophy and walter stuckel come into the room . this be it . susan avery ( joke , to number 5 ) you better have a good alibi , Dave . brophy that 's it , Mr. mill . griffin what happen ? susan avery the witness pick a cop . griffin I be think , you know , I be on the street when he be kill . and a witness to a murder might have see I there , and , in the lineup , would have remember my face . walter stuckel listen , quietly . brophy there you go with my defense . susan avery T have to ask a few more question . griffin with my lawyer in the room . '' susan avery with you lawyer in the-room . how long have you know . June mercator ? griffin since kahane 's funeral . ( continued ) 135 136 4/20/83 continued : 118 . 135 susan avery since you speak to she on the night he be kill . grippin yes . : susar avery you would never meet she before that . no one ever see you together . you phone log will not show any call to she . brophy that 's it ... no more question . griffin it 's all right . no ... there be absolutely no connection before the murder . susan avery thank you , Mr. mill . brophy let 's go . brophy put a arm around griffin and lead he away . ext . police station parking lot ~ day a griffin and brophy by the limousine . brophy say hello to Dick mellen for I . griffin put a finger to he lip . griffin shhh . brophy understand . griffin get into the limousine . the window be down . : brophy she think you be guilty . she think you just get away with murder . griffin thank you , Mr. brophy . ( continued ) 136 137 4/20/89 119 . continued : 136 the limo pull avay , and they pass walter stuckel . Mo word : but he know what walter be think . he roll up the smoke glass window . off he reflection in the glass we cot to : int . gas chamber - night : we from the prisoner Pov : preparation for a execution . a chaplain be recite Psalm : chaplain yea , though I walk through the valley of death , I fear no evil ... ( etc . ) the witness be somber , look at the prisoner inside the chamber . the guard strap the witness in : arm , leg , chest . outside the gas chamber : the executioner prepare the cyanide pellet . the warden stand by a black phone . it ring . everyone be alert . warden yes , Governor ... thank you Governor . ( he put the phone down , and shake he head . ) let 's go . the chaplain make the sign of the cross in front of the prisoner . the guard and the chaplain leave the chamber . there be a awful sound of the door be screw shut . on the executioner the pellet be release into the acid bath under the chair . prisoner Pov : the witness watch he die . the SOUND of the prisoner final , rasping breaths . suddenly the witness all look away . outside the chamber : we see what they see , come down the hall , with a shotgun in he hand , look craze , be kevin costner . costner she do not do it ! he blast the window of the gas chamber and now we see michelle ppeiffer strapped in the chair ... pull back to reveal 38 Rev. 9/26/89 120 . int , screening room ~ night 138 this be a movie and we be behind griffin mill in levison 's seat . we stay with the film for a moment . warden turn on the fan ! strong fan suck the gas out of the chamber . pfieffer be barely conscious , and costner be at she side , kissing she . pfeiffer what tock you so long ? costner the traffic be a bitch . music up as the lover hug . it 's a rough cut , and the film be kill . the light come up in the room , and as griffin stand up , applaud , we see the crew , Oakley , civella , and Larry levy , in griffin 's old seat . and this , superimpose : one year later griffin Larry ... God damn it , Larry , I be sure you would fuck this up , but God damn it , Larry ... Oakley ! oakley yo ! - griffin tell you agent to call I , I do not want you work anywhere else for you nezt three picture . civella what about I ? griffin ( love he ) find some other talent to leach off of , you hack . civella time for dinner ? griffin yeah , but with grow up . larry levy it 's he first anniversary . ( continued ) '' 38 139 Rev. 9/26/89 122. continued : 136 civella you know how many first anniversary ' I have have ? Three . griffin okay boy , see you tomorrow . it 's clear that griffin be in charge , that the battie between they be over , and that they be work together as a team . ext . studio - night 139 griffin leave the screen room and step outside . it 's late . he cross the New York street . pootstep behind he . when he get to the courthouse step he hear the click of a gun . [ t 's the writer . we do not see he face . griffin stop . writer he 's baaaack . griffin I think you would forget I . griffin start to turn . writer do not turn around . grippin you will never get off the lot . writer sometimes that do not matter . he drop a envelope onto the step . writer pick it up . griffin slowly bend down to pick it up . writer look inside . money . gripfin what be this ? writer a thousand dollar . ( continued ) 439 Rev. 9/26/89 122 , continued : the writer griffin wa complete . he start 139 : griffin por what ? . writer there 's a note , you can read it . but , basically . it 's be a weird year , and ... well , read the note . and griffin both besitate . each want to leave , nts to read the note , but something have to be gripfin I ... to turn , writer do not look at I . grifpin ( do not want a fight ) okay , okay . [ just ... hey , listen , I be sorry I call you a loser . I should have get back to you . writer be yqu better about that now ? grifpin ( grin ) I try to be . writer well , then it 's be a growth experience for both of we . griffin that 's a good way of put it . griffin smile to himself , but under a shadow , the writer can not possibly know what he set in motion . writer you have it all now , do not you ? there 's something odd about the question , a uninvite intimacy . griffin I work bard for it . ( continued ) 39 Rev. 9/26/89 123. continued : ( 2 ) , 139 : writer you become a better man for have kill , do not you ? ( a slight hesitation ) you need it , you need to think you would draw blood to really handle the world of man . interesting , be not it ... if he have not die . griffin ( heart racing ) I do not know what you be talk about . writer - ( sing ) gold .... fingeeerrrr . he 's the man ... on griffin : the grow borror . writer if you be not the man you think you be , who be you ? '' griffin T kill bim . writer I kill bim . ( pause , let it sink in , then with a deep voice ) you think you have a big dick .. ( mickey mouse voice ) but it 's really only this big . griffin be stunne . he 's be live a lie . everything he have now he owe to a murder . and if he do not commit it ? he 's free of guilt , but then without the murder he would not be run the studio . he would not be on top . writer he be alive when you leave he . I finish the job . I think about go to the police , but then I think ... no , this be better . ( more ) ( continued ) .39 Rev. 9/26/89 124. continued : ( 3 ) . . 139 , writer ( cont would ) and then I send you postcard and then 1 call the police and then tt see you in the lineup and then TI let you go . it 's all in the note . gripfin no. writer if you have not wash the blood otf you hand , do you think you would be run the studio ? I do you a favor . you should thank I . grippin T could not sleep . writer time to read more script . griffin I could not eat . writer you lose weight . . . griffin I be scared I be go to go to the gas chamber , all the time , every minute . I be scared al ) the time . writer so you finally have a real emotion . griffin turn and without warning kick the writer in the ball . the writer drop he gun . the writer be a haunt lock man , mid-thirty , not unlike David kahane , perhaps more intelligent look but not quite so much a part of the world . griffin be on he , and the fight be like the fight with kahane . the same choreography . they roll over the envelope , tear it , money surround they on the step , there 's a card in the envelope that 's pull out , too , we can not really read it . this time , as griffin choke 's a writer , he do not let go . and this time , the writer he 's choke be go to die . this time the writer plead for he life . writer wait . griffin kahane tell I to fuck myself . ( continued ) Rev. 9/26/89 125. .39 continued : ( 4 ) 139 : writer please . gripfin no. the writer be dead . there 's a flurry of twenty - dollar bill on the step . a few flap in the light wind . griffin look up . the black saab come down the New York street . June be drive . she get out . she 's dress to go out . she look rich . she 's in a panic , she husband be sit beside a body on the step . JUNE griffin , my God , griffin : .. griffin June . JUNE what happen , oh my God , what harp ned ? no. answer . . JUNE you be mug ? here , on the lot ? you be mug ? griffin no , JUNE be this real money ? griffin yes . . she look down and see the greeting card . it 's a still from the bicycle thiet . JUNE ( a echo from the grave ) the bicycle thief . griffin what do it say ? ( continued ) 139 Rev. 9/26/ continued : she read 89 126. ( S ) 139 : JUNE griffin , you be in shock . we have to call the police . we have to call a ambulance . griffin ( force , anger ) I do not need one . he 's dead . what do the note say ? the message . JUNE ( read ) I be go to let you go . this be for the windshield . ( to griffin ) . what windshield ? ( griffin say nothing , she continue ) you be brilliant in the lineup . ( to griffin ) what lineup ? griffin , what lineup ? griffin what else do he say ? . JUNE ( read ) it 's be a weird year . I finally decide that maybe [ I be not such a good writer after all . or maybe I just have to leave LA , so I be go to Seattle . I be sorry 1 torture you . I be sorry for ... {to griffin ) there be something there , but he cross it out . grippin I know what it be . what else ? JUNE then he say : anyway , it 's time to move on with we life . she put the note down . she look up at she husband . JUNE who be he ? griffin a ... a writer . ( continued ) Rev. 9/26/89 127. 39 continued : ( 6 ) ' 139 jone ( and because the card , the money , griffin 's entrance into she life , all of it resonate with something she may have always suspect ... ) and who be you ? griffin I use to be a big shot . hold on they , sit on the step . people be come . the end