the legend of zorro by Roberto orci and Alex kurtzman fourth draft / production 6/2/04 fade in : in the darkness , a single shaft of light . first we hear footstep , then we see a familiar silhouette approach : zorro ! drawing he sword , he slashes the screen , form the letter " Z " through which flame explode and -- int . darkened cave - day 1 as the flame dissipate , we be leave with a single plume of smoke . boom down to a flicker candle . a young man appear , he face obscure in shadow . he sit at the table . pick up a quill . dip it in a bottle of ink . as the quill move across the page , we hear he voice : young man ( v.0 . ) it be my desire to put on record this event , which do shape the course of my destiny ... a drop of ink fall from he quill onto the page , right next to the word ... '' destiny . '' a pinpoint of light appear inside the letter ' D ' -- it quickly consume the frame ... whitewashing US to : int . mission santa lucia - the belfry - day 2 the blaze sun . crane down to the iron mission bell as it clang , swinging back and forth : young man ( v.0 . ) «-- they begin in San mateo , the province of my birth . on that day , the people would decide if California be to join the union as its thirty first state . we move down the bell rope , to find a monk tug it . voice ( 0.s. ) «+. brother ignacio ? the monk turn to see fray felipe , curator of the mission . fray felipe what be you do ? brother ignacio five ring , padre -- to summon Zorro in case there 's trouble . fray felipe if I know Zorro ... he 's already here . and as he exit , we track through the open archway and tilt down in a glorious reveal to find a crowd of hundred . a banner read : '' vote today ! " shot continue over long line of people wait to cast they vote ... and we stop on three sombreros . or , more specifically , three peasant inside curtain voting booth . move in on they ballot . two box , two choice : '' in pavor of the constitution '' / '' in opposition to the constitution . '' the first peasant mark a '' X " in favor of join the union . track to the next peasant -- he do too . now we come to the third . and instead of mark a '' X , '' this peasant mark a " Z . " tilt up to roguish eye behind a black mask ... --- zorro . to that who know he secret , he 's alejandro do LA vega . disguise as a peasant , he open the curtain , drop the ballot in a basket , and as he leave frame we begin ... tracking along a row of men shouting from soapbox , a kind of ' speaker 's corner 's -- activist both for and against the vote -- we stop on a man hand out leaflet : guillermo cortez , a young che guevara with a revolutionary 's passion : cortez vote ' yes 's to atatehood ! this be we day of independence ! we day of revolution ! int . HOTEL room - above the square - continuous 3 close on a man ‘s eye , fill with hate , watch the crowd through a window . his hand sweep twin pistol off a table . burnish into one handle we read : '' salvation . '' into the other , '' damnation . '' now he reach for a rifle bandolier . sling the strap over he back . turn to a cracked mirror -— - and he face be reveal like a kaleidoscopic horror show : jacob mcgiven , lean , fierce , a deadly piece of trouble in a black frock coat and flat-brimmed hat . the shape of a crucifix have be branded into he cheek , clear through he right eye , and onto he forehead . mcgiven slip on the hat and exit ... a warrior go into battle . ext . mission santa lucia - day 4 in the crowd , we find a 10 year -old boy ... a wildness about he ~- like a colt ready to run . as he push through the voter , a hand grab he ear -~ he wince and look up at : fray felipe nifio , why be not you at school ?! the boy but padre , what if Zorro come ? fray felipe I will make sure he carve a ' Z '' into you backside , now how do that sound ? the boy ( excited by the prospect ) really ? fray felipe home ! the boy run off . shake he head , felipe scoops up the a basket fill with vote , head off . as he clear frame ... «.. we find the corner where the kid just disappear . after a beat , he face reappear and he sneak back into the crowd , pass a fruit cart . stealing a apple , he creep on as ... fray felipe arrive at a table where the governor's tabulator be count ballot , calculate the result on a tally certificate . two uniform rurale stand beside he , rifle in hand . felipe set down the basket ... fray felipe the final vote , amigo . track on to a young woman . very pregnant , sweat in the sun . this be blanca cortez , wife to guillermo cortez , the revolutionary we just meet . see she lower herself to sit , cortez hop off he soapbox and run over , concerned : cortez be you all right , mi amor ? blanca the baby 's kick , that 's all . cortez here , have some water ... it 's easy to see the love between they . now we camera reacquire the tabulator -- he lock the tally e certificate inside a BOX and say to felipe : tabulator once we get this to the governor , it 's 1ll be official -- let 's hope the rest of California vote the same , eh ? he hand the box to one of the rurales , who load it onto a wagon . felipe caution the rurale : fray felipe be careful , hombre , you carry the future of we state in you hand . suddenly , a man 's voice sing through the courtyard : mana voice ( 0.s. ) ' how glorious be we heavenly King , who reign above the sky ... how shall a child presume to sing , his dreadful majesty ? 's and now the crowd have parte to reveal ... mcgiven e I come to deliver the Lord 's word against this vote ! Babylon waa condemn to ash for extend its empire to inferior race ! fray felipe what right do you have to preach gospel , mcgiven !? you speak for the railroad ! mcgiven ( touch he crucifix scar ) here 's my right ... just as he send he only son to endure mortal suffer , my daddy brand I with my own cross to bear . cortez spit at mcgiven 's boot : cortez you force we to sell we land then use we as slave labor ! you can not intimidate we anymore ! '' a swell of cheer ! mcgiven draw back he coat to emphasize he pistol . the e rurales quickly level they rifle . everyone tense -- mcgiven my my , it 's damnably hot out here ... I believe the devil be upon we . now what say you hand over that ballot box . tabulator a pointless crime , Sir , you would only force the people to vote again . with a fearless grin , mcgiven snap : the SOUND of multiple musket cocking fill the square . we whip to six riflemen on the rooftop , mcgiven ' posse , surround the courtyard . the rurales freeze , find themselves gravely outnumber . tenge beat . the frighten people . among they , the young boy . finally , with no choice , the rurales drop they gun ... mcgiven with the proper persuadin’ , people get a funny way of have they mind change . savvy ? tabulator es I command you , in the name of civil erder -- tell you man to disarm . in a flash , mcgiven unsling he rifle from its bandolier and fire off twelve round at once , pockmark the wall around the tabulator 's head and the suspender strap on he shoulder -- cause he pants to drop to the ground . no mcgiven latest model in heavy artillery -- the Henry repeat rifle . if God do not hurl lightning he have surely carry one of this . now , I be gonna count to ' one 's ... he cock the rifle again , aim at the terrify tabulator ... and as mcgiven open he mouth to say ' one 's ... a black fedora rocket through the AIR , striking he on the bridge of the nose . he tumble off he horse and land in the dust ... SNAP to zorro , stand on a rooftop -- he wave to the crowd . the people ro . ~- among they , the boy , who 's beyond gleeful with exhilaration ! Zorro leap off the roof onto the balcony below , the posse shoot at he as he go -- mcgiven pull himself up off the ground , enraged , fire double - fisted into the air to clear a path to the wagon . leap on , a apple core splat the side of he head -- he whirl to see the boy , have flung the apple with a slingshot -— - mcgiven lock eye with the boy as he contemplate bloody murder , but there 's no time to spare -- mcgiven crack the rein and blast away carrying the lock BOX ! tabulator he 's get away with the ballot ! the posse leap from the rooftop onto wait horse , gallop after the wagon as it thunder through the flee peasant , head straight for a frightened little girl ! across the square , she hysterical mother 's be cut off by the frantic crowd . Zorro leap from the roof -- catch a hanging banner , he swing over the crowd , snatching up the girl mere second before she 's run over by the wagon ... Zorro deposit the girl right into she mother 's arm , then whistle : [ ado charg : into view ! Zorro leap on , racing after the posse -~ as he clear frame , we hold on : two _dark -suited men . notably out of place in the peasant crowd . who be they ? without a word , they climb onto they horse and follow , pass ... .+. fray felipe , in the crush of peasant -- he pick Zorro 's fedora off the ground and hand it to he as he race by . watch he go , felipe kiss a crucifix necklace : fray felipe godspeed , alejandro -- ext . street of san mateo - marketplace ~ continuous 5 mcgiven race the wagon through a marketplace , tear through hang clothes , hen , vegetable cart -- havoc , panic and destruction in every direction . he turn to see if Zzorro 's follow . he be not . grinning , mcgiven wheel back around to face the road ahead but : zorro appear in front of he , rounding a corner on tornado ! leap off , he catch hold of a industrial hook and rope and throws it under the wagon -- it catch a axle -- the rope uncoil then goe taut , flipping the wagon over . mcgiven go flying ; so do the lock box , which land in Zorro 's hand . he grab a nearby rope and swing onto a_ viaduct under repair . Zorro land perfectly on multi - layer scaffolding . just as he find he foot , mcgiven 's posse converge around he and ... a_fight on the scaffolding ensues , Zorro attack and defend , dodging bullet , slashing the rope bind the scaffold together -- and it collapse , send the posse down into the water below . as Zorro whirl , mcgiven 's fist knock he back . the box skid away . the man exchange deadly blow on what remain of the scaffold , tumble together from landing to landing -- mcgiven plunge a knife but Zorro grab he wrist : mcgiven only the Devil hide he face from God ! teeth clench , Zorro struggle as mcgiven press the blade closer to the strap secure he mask , threaten to expose alejandro 's identity ... and finally he cut it ! but just as the mask fall off , Zorro slam mcgiven in the gut -- he crash back onto one end of the plank . Zorro reach for he mask but it flutter away ! as mcgiven rise , Zorro leapa -- the other end of the plank snap up like a see-saw , slamming right into mcgiven 's face and -- ie ] fly _0 : E fi ! the bloody tooth land at Zorro 's foot . he tear a shred of black cloth from he sleeve , then draw he dagger and slice eyehole . scoop the box under hia arm , he swing back to tornado , landing perfectly in the saddle : zorro over the hill to the governor 's mansion ! ( the horse do not move ) I say , over the hill to the governor 's mansion ! nothing . Zorro sigh , and repeat ~- this time , in Spanish : zorro sobre la colina a la mansién del gobernador . ( and as tornado plunge forward : ) we have to work on you English -- as they clear frame , we rack focus to reveal ... the dark - suite men . watch from the brush . ext . governor 's mansion - san mateo - day 6 a crowd wait anxiously at the gate . a murmur growa : they see they hero approach ... the crowd zorro ! mira , EL zorro ! Zorro ride through the gate . wait on the front step be california governor bennet riley , he aide beside he . see Zorro , riley 's stunne , and cautious : governor riley where be my man ? zorro they be hold up , Governor . I offer my help . dismount , he hand the lock box to the governor , who open it and quickly sift through the tally certificate . each bear the same verdict . and so , riley announce : governor riley citizen of San mateo , we be no longer simply Californians ... we be now Americans ! the crowd erupt . sombreros fly . a great celebration be take place . the governor offer a hand to Zorro : governor riley ( cont ’d ) the people owe you they freedom . zorro I accept no debt from the people , Governor ... I be one of they . and in a grand gesture , Zorro draw he sword and rear up on tornado ! cape billow -- a icon -- as the cheering swell . finally , Zorro gallop off . and in a instant , he have disappear ... ext . establishing shot - dusk 7 a epic vista of the west : the De La vega hacienda , surround by beautiful countryside . in the distance , we see San Francisco and the sea ... 10 ext . do LA vega hacienda - dusk 8 Zorro guide tornado through a shallow pond , past the sparse silhouette of a huge tree .... int . do LA vega hacienda - secret cave - night 9 in the privacy of he lair , alejandro remove he mask and close tornado in a stall , feed he a sugar cube . as he turn to go , tornado whinnie for more ... alejandro eh , eh -- you saddle 's get a little tight , amigo . he give tornado a carrot and walk away . a beat , then the carrot sail past alejandro 's head . in the doorway , a woman appear in silhouette . and we can tell just by the contour of she face , she may in fact be the most beautiful one in the world ... elena do LA vega step into the light . they look at each other a long moment ... and they kiss , and it 's a passionate , hungry one that tell we how desperately in love they be . finally , she pull back ... elena tell I we win ... tell I we be free . alejandro '' -. we be free . she wrap she arm around he , want to laugh as much as she needa to cry . after a beat ... alejandro where 's joaquin ? elena he be not feel well this morning , he 's be asleep all day . int . hacienda — bedroom / hallway ~ night 10 under the sheet be the sleep form of a child . a window swing open -- a young boy appear , climb a tree and tumble into the room . 11 we h 0 x joaquin do LA vega , son to alejandro and elen as joaguin find he foot , he hear he parent 's footstep outside the door . Racing to the bed , he hurl back the sheet to reveal the ' sleep form 's be a stack of pillow . jumping in , he pull up the cover as the doorknob turn ... Elena and alejandro enter quietly . joaquin 's the portrait of angelic innocence : eye close , a little bead of sweat on he brow . alejandro gently brushes it away ... alejandro his fever 's break . Elena move to close the window . stop , confuse ... elena I think I close this . alert , joaquin begin to moan , draw she attention away ... joaquin +-. mama ? be that you ? elena ( lean in , kiss he ) shh , go back to sleep , mi amor . alejandro we 'il leave the light on , eh ? joaquin I be too old for that . alejandro grin and turn down the kerosene lamp , the flame low . kisaing he son , he head out with Elena . his parent go , joaquin turn the lamp back up -- he 's still afraid of the dark after all . and with a sneaky little grin , he settles in to sleep . ext . hallway outside joaquin 's room - continuous 11 in the hallway , Elena smile a sexy smile , whisper , close ... elena we will have to be quiet . and now alejandro 's smile too , because he know what she 's get at . a sweet , hot moment ... alejandro +++ oh , bless the silence . 11 . 12 int . do LA vega hacienda ~ parlor - night 12 moving over article of clothing leave scattered in the heat of passion , we find Elena and alejandro curl under a blanket by the fireplace . she reach over , pour from a bottle of tequila -- two shot . alejandro to statehood . elena --. to we . ( they clink , then ) I wish I could have be there . alejandro +e. you be . he 's lose in she . they sling back they shot , she nuzzle into he chest . a warm moment ... elena for ten year we nve be dream of a day when the law would protect the people . ( beat ) es we can finally take joaquin on a trip to Spain . I can not imagine how it 's change since I leave ... alejandro ( pause ) Elena ... I have be think . elena ( good nature ) never a good sign . alejandro I would love we to go , but it may be some time before the new law be in place ... elena «.. what be you say ? alejandro only that the Federal marshal may need help get thing under control ... . she sit up , alert -- elena alejandro , we agree when California become a state you have give it up -- alejandro and I will , no doubt about it , soon , very soon ~-— elena you have be say that since joaquin be bear -- blejandro ( gesture , with he hand ) yes , but look : here 's I ... here 's quit -- we be this far apart -- elena be that right ? well here 's you ... and here 's I strangling you ! joaquin 's on the verge of become a man and you be miss it ! alejandro I be not miss anything ! elena oh , really ? what 's he teacher 's name ? alejandro that 's easy , Mr. -- {she shake she head : wrong ) brother -~- {again : wrong ) Father ! Father kin ... ( muffle ) «+. jin ... hoofer ... she 's glaring at he , she point make . alejandro okay , so I have a bad memory , what 's that prove ? elena what instrument have he be learn ? 12 . 13 . alejandro +s . the piano . ( she shake she head : wrong ) guitar ! ( again : wrong ) the triangle ? elena he do not play a instrument ! alejandro ( catch , angry ) be you say I be a bad father ?! elena I be say you can only be great at one thing , alejandro : wear the mask , or raise we son ... you can not do both . alejandro so you would let joaquin go on believe I be nothing more than a wealthy Don who only care about order servant around ?! elena be that what you think I do all day ?! order servant around ?! alejandro now you be put word in my mouth ~- elena that 's you foot you be taste ! you promise I this would end ! alejandro and I promise you father Zorro would never abandon the people ! elena my father die because he wear that mask ! in the distance , the church bell ring to summon Zorro . a ' perfect timing 's moment if there ever be one . finally ... alejandro it 's who I be , Elena . 13 15 14 . elena if you walk out that door take a change of clothes , because you will not be sleep here tonight . alejandro +--+ what happen to the woman who fight by my side ? elena I be fight now , for my family . and she 's right . the bell ring again . a terrible moment . he 's desperately tear . finally ... alejandro I all make it up to you , I promise . and he leave she there , she heart sink , off which -- ext . hill above the do LA vega hacienda - night 13 Zorro and tornado whip through frame , gallop off toward the ringing bell . Zorro pull up at the top of the hill , frame , turn back ... loneliness on he face . int . do LA vega hacienda - parlor - night 14 Elena stand at the open window , watch she husband 's silhouette on the distant hill ... after a beat , horse and rider gallop off . sadly , Elena close the window ... ext . san francisco street - telegraph hill — day 15 a town on the brink of change : the gold rush be on , the day of the Old West be give way to cobblestone street and telegraph wire . in the crowd , we find elena and joaquin as she walk he to achool . he 's look moody , glum . she 's still carry last night 's fight and its lack of resolution , but try to hide it . as they pass a hotel , she offer ... elena I spy , with my little eye , something beginning with ...‘ h’. joaquin why be not papi at breakfast ? 15 . a child 's intuition ; he stare accusingly . she cover -- elena I tell you , he leave early on business . joaquin he 's always away on business . elena ( beat , sadly ) '' + + I know , ( force a smile ) but he always come back . by now , they have arrive at school and the bell be ringing -- he turn , head up the step with the other kid . Elena 's suddenly fill with long ... elena joaquin ... ( with love and worry ) behave yourself , mi amor . we see he struggle to find he word , then finally ... joaquin Hotel . start with the letter ' h . 's and he disappear into the school . Elena walk on , feel a uncertain future ... then she catch a reflection in a store window : two men be following her . we recognize they as the dark - suite stranger from the open . Elena doee not turn . keeps walk , heart pound . veer into a alley . the man do too ... but Elena 's go . they stop , confuse . suddenly : she swing from a alcove behind they -- her fist fly into the first man 's face , he tumble back as she snap off a flagpole bear the California state flag , use it to defend herself against the second man ... the fast - pace fight continue as we boom up and over they , for a moment give we a dramatic point of view on Elena and she fight skilla . finally she send he plummete backward , spin to finish off the first man but find herself stare into the barrel of he pistol -- first man normally one signal surrender by wave the flag . in you case , drop it all do . 16 16 . she do . the man lower he gun . we ’1ll call he harrigan . he 's heavier than he slimmer partner , pike -- they be otherwise identical . elena -.. who be you ? pike the relevant question , sefiora De La vega , be who be you ? harrigan you have a unique family history -- pike take you step -father , for example , Don raphael montero -- a seditious aristocrat who nearly destroy California . harrigan quite unlike you real father , Don Diego De La vega -- a man of principle . pike and in a twist worthy of Shakespeare , they kill each other in a duel for you affection . harrigan the question be : between you two father , whose spirit life on in you heart ? she do not like this , not one bit . elena what do you want ? pike ++. you help . and off he creepy grin -- int . california gentleman 's club - steam room - day 16 turkish motif : light beam through a mosaic ceiling onto a steaming tub of dons play poker , alejandro among they . they smoke cigar and toss they card on a floating tray : 17 . don verdugo I tell you , De La vega , woman say they want one thing but what they really want be everything else . alejandro you do not know Elena ... don diaz you must show she who wear the pantalone in the family , get in touch with you manhood ! alejandro a fine idea , if I want my manhood chop off with a machete . don robau think of this as a vacation from the shackle of matrimony ... alejandro be not it possible we wife marry we because they want to spend time with we ? the don all laugh -- bon verdugo my wife hate I . don robau mine too . don diaz mine 's a life-sucking beast who life only to humiliate I . alejandro so let I understand this ... if I take you advice and do nothing , I can look forward to spend my day pruning in a tub of naked man ? the man stare at he , collectively smile . alejandro throw he card on the tray and get out of the tub -- alejandro thanks for the advice . don verdugo where be you go ? 18 . alejandro e to beg Elena 's forgiveness . wrapping a towel around he waist , he turn and bump into a man . pinstripe suit , spectacle . his thick glass be steamed up . he wipe they off , squint -- man goodness I ... might one of you be Don alejandro De La vega ? alejandro ++. yea ? man I be here on behalf of you wife . ( hande he a envelope ) phineas gendler , Attorney at Law . if you should have any question , my address be on the letterhead . good day , Sir . he go . alejandro open the envelope . pull out a piece of paper . as he read , he jaw drop in total disbelief . confused , furious , he march off , hurling the paper away ... it land in the water . the don lean in , then share a grave eo look . we push in on the letterhead : '' issuance of proceedings — for divorce '' and as the ink begin to blur ... CUT to black . in the darkness , this word appear : three month later 17 int . edinburgh mission inn - alejandro ‘s room - day aq a sunbeam stream through close curtain , shine down on alejandrons unshaven face . he 's asleep , dead to the world . this little room have be he life for the last three month . he stir , squint against the light . a knock at the door ... woman' voice sefior De La vega ? ... housekeep . no response . a lock rattles . the door open and a chambermaid enter : lupe . she fling open the curtain . lupe I be sorry , sefior , but you tell I to make sure you do not sleep past dp two today . 19 . alejandro --- what be today ? lupe Wednesday . alejandro ( brighten ) of course , I have to pick up joaquin -- gracias , lupe . he hop out of bed . he 's stark naked . lupe glance away demurely ; she have a crush on he . alejandro grab the first thing he can to cover he private -- a candlestick . a long , tall candlestick . which do not help . alejandro eh ... what happen to my clothes ? lupe I remove they last night , so you would not catch pneumonia . alejandro you remove they ? lupe after you return from the cantina , you ... go for a swim . alejandro «-- in my clothes ...? lupe ~- Si , sefior -- alejandro but this hotel do not have a pool . lupe we have a fountain . alejandro +++ I see . thank you , lupe . perhaps you could turn around ? voice ( 0.s. ) +» . we be all naked before God . fray felipe have appear at the door , eye focus on lupe : fray felipe I will see you at confession , child . 20 . she exit look guilty . alejandro start dress ... eo alejandro do not look at I like that , I know what you be gonna say -- fray felipe I be here to lift you spirit , not dampen they . alejandro who saya my spirite need lift ? I finally have my freedom ! look out that window , felipe -- Federal marshal be keep the people safe , while Zorro have not have to lift a finger in three month . fray felipe oh , be that it ? for a moment I be worried you be beat yourself up for let the most perfect woman in the world walk out of you life . alejandro ( snap around ) e elena kicked I out ! she throw away ten year of marriage without so much as a explanation -- and now she refuse to see I ?! well go be it ! I be bear a bachelor , I '' prepare to die that way ! fray felipe alright , enough -~ when I leave here , alejandro , you be gonna shave , you be gonna shower , you be gonna use goap , and you be gonna put on some clean clothes because a new vineyard 's open tonight and you be come as my escort to the party . alejandro my whole life 's a party -- thank you , no . fray felipe you be get out among the live , chico , or do not bother come to confession because you 'il ) never have my forgiveness . 18 21 . alejandro + +. you would blackmail my soul ? fray felipe Hell , yes . eight o'clock . be ready . and with that , he go . off alejandro -- int . alvarado academy for child ~ classroom - day 18 a hand , a piece of chalk be write a single word on the blackboard : " s-t-a-t-e-h-o-o-d . '' the hand belong to father quintero , a strict - look teacher . he turn to he class : father quintero who would like to tell I what this word mean ? ( as hand go up ) Miriam ? miriam it mean we ‘’re part of a bigger country now . father quintero very good . raul ? raul we get to learn the declaration of Independence ? pather quintero nod , then notice someone at the back of the class who be not pay attention -- father quintero joaquin ? ( nothing ) joaquin De La vega . perhaps you could tell the class what statehood means to you ? joaquin look up . joaquin the exploitation of the worker by the rich who oppress we with the flame poker of injustice ! father quintero «.. and how exactly do a flame poker fit into you little theory ? 19 20 22 . joaquin it fit ... in you butt ? the kid burst into laughter . quintero 's enraged -- father quintero why you insolent little -- quintero storm over wield a stick but joaquin 's faster -- grab a ruler from the board , he deflect the blow , leaping from desktop to desktop -~- this be start to look a_ quintero try to grab he but joaquin jump , catch onto a hang light fixture -- he swing across the classroom , kick open a window and climb out onto ... ext . alvarado academy for child - continuous 19 the ledge . we 're two stories up . from the classroom , every student be pressed against the glass hollering for joaquin -~- and that 's all he need , he jump off the ledge , grab a california flag whipping from a flagpole -- spiral down the pole , landing perfectly back on earth . and he turn , come face - to- face with he father , who stare down with a groucho eyebrow raise ... joaquin p _ fob , shit ) api ? alejandro {low growl ) joaquin ... ext . san francisco street - day 20 peace officer roam the street , keep people safe . alejandro walk a few pace ahead of joaquin , fume , try to control he anger , but he can not -- alejandro what 's with you , eh ? why do you keep get into trouble ? joaquin it 's a gift . 23 . alejandro listen , smart mouth , you be lucky Father quintero do not suspend you . joaquin yeah , lucky I . alejandro what 's the matter with you ? you have everything a boy could want , and still you act like the world owe you something . joaquin I never ask for everything , okay ? I be not a fortunatus tyrannus like you . alejandro -- a what ?! joaquin it 's Latin , I learn it in school -~ it mean I do not wanna grow up to be a rich Don , okay ? alejandro hey , I '' you father , do not you talk to I like that . and stop use word I do not understand . joaquin if you be my father how come you be never around ? that 's why mom leave you , all you care about be business ! that strike alejandro at he core . a pain moment . alejandro there 's nothing on this earth 1 would not do for you or you mother , joaquin . nothing . cortez ( 0.s. ) Don De La vega ! alejandro turn to find guillermo cortez , the revolutionary we meet in we open , and he wife , blanca . from the back of a wagon that serve as they stall , a sign advertise gold mining equipment ( shovel , pike , lantern ) : 24 . alejandro guillermo , blanca ... how 's business ? cortez never better . we will be able to pay you back sooner than we think . alejandro I tell you , compadre , it be a gift . to celebrate you marriage . blanca dios mio , joaquin , you nre get go big -- joaquin shrug , half -emile . cortez notice a customer , back turn , use one of the knive on the display table to carve something we can not see ... cortez uh , sefior , that knife be only two dollar . as the man turn , we see he 's sharpen a pair of wooden teeth . he pop they into he mouth -- it 's jacob mcgiven . mcgiven tell you what : give ya five hundred . for that I 'il take this here blade ... and the deed to you rancho . blanca ( fierce , hat he ) we already give you we answer ! cortez tell whatever scum you be work for now that we be protect by the constitution ! mcgiven spin the knife , stabbing it into the table : mcgiven --- God fearin’ family man like you ? might wanna re-order he priority . alejandro he say , he 's not sell . 25 . mcgiven -.. we meet before , fella ? alejandro I ' would remember a man with wooden tooth . mcgiven «+ . you think you be bad medicine , huh ? a mex -breed like you ? alejandro want to deatroy this man , but know he have to set a example for joaquin . mcgiven see the look ... mcgiven think you pappy 's gonna crow , Little man ? of or 's he gonna cluck ? alejandro leave he out of thi -- mcgiven abruptly slap alejandro 's face . hard . joaquin lurch forward to defend he father but alejandro hold he at bay . jaw clench with suppress rage , alejandro ' 's fight eyery instinct in he bone not to fight back : alejandro sefior ... as a gentleman I be oblige to teach my son to turn the other chee -- mcgiven slap alejandro 's other cheek -~ mcgiven y’mean that cheek ? and that 's it , alejandro move forward to fight -- constable ( 0.s. ) everything all right , boy ? a constable have appear . alejandro , eye burn , back away ; mcgiven tip he hat ... mcgiven respect to you , Officer ... respects , respects . the constable stroll on . mcgiven climb onto he horse , say to cortez : 22 22 26 . mcgiven think about my offer now . think hard . and he pivot the horse , its butt knocking over the table . tool go crash . as mcgiven disappear , joaquin glare up at hia father in a shameful rage . and off that look ... ext . do LA vega hacienda - front courtyard - day 21 a hansom cab come to a stop by the front gate . in the coach , alejandro watch joaquin gather he thing . alejandro i‘1l pick you up again tomorrow , okay ? joaquin ( mutter ) -- bye -- alejandro «e+ joaquin ? ( the best smile he can muster ) keep you chin up , eh ? but joaquin go without answer . alejandro 's heart sink . then , sense something , he look track up to the veranda : elena have be watch he , she eye fill with long . caught , she turn sharply and head inside . alejandro aches for she . finally , he nod to he driver and the carriage plunge away ... the music of a dance orchestra bridge we to : ext . the vineyard / hacienda - night 22 a sprawling hacienda ringed by a extraordinary vineyard . in the front garden , a lavish party be underway . two flag hang side - by-side : the american flag and the french try - color . in the crowd of well - attire people we find alejandro and felipe walk along ... fray felipe see ? a little spit , a little polish -- you do not look like a stray Chihuahua anymore . alejandro ten minute , then I be go . 27 . fray felipe listen , this party 's the only reason I be not at confession forgive horny widow for try to make it with the gardener -- you will not ruin my night off , comprende ? felipe scoops a glass of wine from a tray , savore the scent . alejandro begina pick through a table of canape . fray felipe ( sip ) ahh ... effervescent , yet tenacious . alejandro ( roll he eye ) who own this vineyard anyway ? fray felipe I be tell he 's a count , recently in from France . he 's ask I to bless the wine . alejandro a frenchman , you say ? I expect he 's still in he parlor put on makeup . party guest ( 0.s . ) +.- or he perfume , perhaps . another guest be admire the table . alejandro grin : alejandro rumor have it the french invent it to avoid bathing . party guest {as they laugh together ) and you be ? alejandro De La vega . alejandro De La vega . party guest you be De La vega ? what a honor , I have hear so much about you . alejandro really ? from whom ? 28 . party guest you know , I have love to continue this conversation , but I be want elsewhere . please , excuse I -- the man move off . alejandro turn back to felipe -- alejandro I just meet a most charming fellow . fray felipe and who might that be ? clink , clink clink : they host be tapping a glass froma small stage in the courtyard . alejandro 's face fall : it 's he_same man he be just talk to at the buffet table . count armand compte do LA fere : dash , cordial -- ina word , perfect . behind he , he servant stand guard : ferroq . armand welcome Friends , Californians , Americans ... you may be guest in my home tonight , but I be you guest in this great country . for five hundred year , Europe have be the cultural and economic center of the world , but with the admittance of California into the union , America stand to become the next great superpower . this vineyard represent my hope that we two continent will rise to meet the future together : vine from my homeland in France , take root in you fertile soil -- a state bless with limitless beauty ... but none more stun than my escort for the evening : sefiora Elena De La vega . and alejandro 's blood drain from he body as ... in slow motion , elena ascend the stage to meet armand . he gently kiss her . a firework display behind they ignite , become a red , white , and blue sparkling american flag . alejandro look like a man who 's just be give a death sentence . felipe quickly interject : fray felipe well , I be poope . time to go . 29 . alejandro ++. go ? why would we go ? I '' have so much fun . he guzzle he wine , stalking forward as Elena and armand begin shaking hand with guest ... she smile pan from one to the next , then stop abruptly and with total SHOCK on : elena alejandro ! alejandro ( seethe smile ) Elena ... armand ( a touch of concern ) -.. Elena ? elena ( catch ) armand ... armand ( nod ) De La vega . alejandro ( nod ) Count . elena ( really confuse ) you know each other ?! armand we share a giggle at the buffet table . alejandro it seem that 's not all we have share . armand allow I to diffuse a awkward situation -- Elena 's portray you as a man of impeccable character . alejandro I '' honore to be mention at all . why , I nearly forget we be still marry only three month ago . 30 . felipe urgently try to pull alejandro off : eo fray felipe a bless on you vineyard , Count , thanks so much for have we -- alejandro ( yank away ) do not be rude , felipe , I be just die to know how the lovebird meet . just then , governor riley -~ we remember he from the open -- approach with a southern colonel . during what follow , alejandro will be steadily guzzle wine from pass trays -~ armand ah , Governor riley , you honor I with you presence . governor riley thanks to you , Count , this vineyard may become a growth industry for California . armand ( nod , then ) se May I introduce Colonel R.S. beauregard , of the first Alabama infantry . elena and what bring you to California , Colonel ? colonel beauregard diplomacy , my dear -- rumbling of secession could lead to war between the North and South . the governor be just assure I California 's commit to avoid such a catastrophe . alejandro forgive I , Colonel , I may not be a learn politician , but perhaps one way to avoid war would be to , oh I dunno ... free the slave ? the colonel glare at alejandro . Elena quickly try to change the subject -~ 31 . elena darling , you know how boring I find politics ... alejandro blanch -- not _ in esti i itic ? armand I believe Don alejandro have a point , cherie . however , I salute you effort to avoid war , Colonel . governor riley ( to beauregard ) as do I . in fact , you be invite to be my guest at we flag-raising ceremony next week , 60 you can see firsthand the peaceable spirit of we citizen . the colonel nod he thanks as music begins and couple start form for a line dance . seize the opportunity , Elena grab armand 's hand : elena shall we , darling ? armand Excuse we , gentlemen . and they be off . alejandro watch they go , slugging more wine , reeling ... fray felipe perhaps you should not drink so much on a empty stomach . alejandro perhaps you should wear lipstick if you want to act like my mother . so say , he grab felipe and drag he from frame -~ fray felipe alejandro , wai-- on the dance floor : all the partner face each other in parallel line . Elena swing into armand 's arm , wear she best smile . it be not easy . he see that -- armand say the word and I x11 escort you home . 32 . elena and leave you guest ? armand in a heartbeat . I care for you too much to subject you to a evening of force smile , Elena . she smile appreciatively . they spin , Elena shifting to she next partner in line -- it 's alejandro . he pull she close : alejandro wo not you boyfriend be jealous ? armand 's sweep into the arm of a bouffanted woman who press he toward she enormous cleavage . he strain to keep on eye on Elena during : elena I do not want you to find out like this . alejandro ah , so that 's why you refuse to see I this last few month , you be spare my feeling -- elena you be drunk -- alejandro you be the one not act like yourself . since when do politics bore you ? like musical chair , they shift partner again : Elena return to armand -- armand if you wish , I ' 11 have he escort out . elena I can handle hin . alejandro and felipe dance side - by-side , face they reapective partner -- fray felipe for the love of God , let 's get out of this place -- 33 . alejandro I can handle she . the line shift again , Elena return to alejandro -~ alejandro you must tell I how you meet . elena year ago , in Spain . we go to finish school together , alejandro how nice you be reunite , so he could ... finish . elena do not force I to embarrass you . alejandro sorry , too late . again they switch ; this time , alejandro and armand end up side - by-side -- alejandro tell I , Count , where do you title rank among noblemen ? be it higher than , say , a duke ? armand it 's rather common , actually -- much like a Don . shift again : armand return to bouffant Lady ; alejandro to Elena -- alejandro he 's a delight . Rich , good look , and royalty . elena be there anything I can say that would make you leave ? alejandro you could fall to you knee and beg I to take you back . elena I would not want to ruin my dress . 34 . alejandro it 's just as well , I be enjoy single life . elena be that suppose to make I jealous ? alejandro do it ? elena ( jealously ) never . alejandro good , so tell I -- who 's be look after joaquin while he mother spend she night out ? elena i_do not spend my night out . ( compose herself ) and I haven not tell joaquin . now I think you should go . she start to break away , but he spin she back to he ~- alejandro elena I finally understand why you leave I , Elena -- -- let go -- -- you finally find a man who 's happy to stay at home order servant around -- ~-- now I know you be drunk -- ~- you step - father would have be so proud to see you take -- keep you voice down -- you rightful place : on the arm of royalty . well congratulation , you highness -- and elena slap he hard . the entire party have go silent . everyone 's stare . finally , Elena say , voice full of hurt : elena if you do not know I better than that ... then you never know I at all . now he look ashamed . and regretful from he heart . armand , mercifully , signal to the orchestra and music begin play again . alejandro bow to he in deference : 23 35 . alejandro thank you for you hospitality , Count . his eye fall to Elena , all he want be to take back what he say . but he go . a beat , then Elena turn to armand ... elena I should explain -- armand ( delicately ) please do not . if I lose you , I would not be able to control myself either . Elena smile she appreciation but fight to maintain composure -- burden , perhaps , by more than she can let on . ext . alley ~ night 23 alejandro's face , drunk , eye close . at first we think he 's lie on cobblestone , but as we tilt around we reveal he 's sitting upright on tornado , they be both lean against a alley wall , and what 's more -- they be both drunk . alejandro drop a bottle of tequila , it clink to the ground , tornado lick booze as it flow onto the cobblestone -- alejandro «+. hey , have not you have enough ? ( drunken wobble ) tell I something , horse to man ... have you ever feel the cold stab of love 's betrayal ? tornado burp . alejandro recoil in disguet , lose he balance and tumble from the saddle . tornado take off , disappear around a corner ... alejandro hey ! aren ’t you forgetting something ?! bstupido ! voice ( 0.s. ) there you be ... the voice startles alejandro . fray felipe have appear above he . sigh , he help alejandro to he foot ... alejandro next time you want to lift my spirit , just shoot I in my sleep ! 36 . and now they be walk along -- well , alejandro ’sa stumbling : fray felipe I do not know she have be there , alejandro . alejandro how could she choose a man like that ?! ' Count 's armand , with he fancy wine and that froufrou accent ! fray felipe I will admit , Elena do not seem to be quite herself tonight ... but she 's you ex - wife now -- ex , from the Latin root ' exeunt , 's meaning exit , meaning goodbye . and if armand be a decent man , be happy for she . alejandro if he 's a decent man -~ if , from the Latin root ' iffy , 's meaning questionable ! fray felipe you be in no shape to discuss this , alejandro -- alejandro I nil make she want I back so badly she will be weep with desire ! nobody leave my tequila worm dangle in the wind ! fray felipe if you wish to go on embarrassing yourself , I want no part of it . and he go . alejandro stumble after he -- alejandro I will have you know I be perfectly capable of embarrassing myself ... myself ! hear my vow , padre : alejandro De La vega always land on he fee -- and he trip , lurching from frame . off which -- 24 @ 25 37 . ext . town square - chinatown ~ midnight 24 a clock strike midnight above the desert square . Far below , a rickshaw ride past Chinatown storefront . it stop at a curio shop . a cloak passenger step off -- Elena . she knock : a shop merchant appear , eye boring into she ... merchant we be close . elena I be hope to buy a gift for my ail grandmother . his expression change , and he open the door for she to enter ... int . curio shop - night 25 the merchant lift a curtain to reveal a back room , wherein we find the two men Elena fight in the alley : harrigan and pike be seat at a table play mahjong . harrigan I would offer you my chair , but I assume you would find it patronize . pike how be the party ? harrigan tell we about the Count -- pike who be he talk to ? harrigan what do he say ? elena he spend most of the night talk to the Senator , and a Southern Colonel ... I think he name be beauregard . pike ( a severe glance to harrigan ) trouble ... 38 . harrigan you have a new assignment : we believe armand keep a telegraph receiver somewhere in he hacienda . pike you do know what a telegraph receiver be ? elena how could I ? I be just a woman . harrigan ( cocky smile ) I ... love ... you spirit . pike the Count 's be receive message from overseas -- we need to know what they say . harrigan you x11 steal the carbon ribbon , deliver it to we . elena ( a beat ) and if I refuse ? pike then we will have to remind you ... you have no choice . with unnerve calm , harrigan reach into he pocket and pull out ... the mask of zorro ! the one alejandro lose in the viaduct open . the cruel threat land on Elena -- elena i’1l send you both to hell for this . harrigan + ++ but of course . pike until then we 'il be wait for that ribbon . good evening , sefiora . they go back to they game , ignore she . Elena , livid , heart heavy , finally turn on she heel . and go . a 27 39 . ext . alley ~ next day 26 alejandro be snore . a tongue begin lick he cheek . stir , he smile and mumble ... alejandro oh , Elena ... you feel so soft ... his eye open : alejandro 's Pov , fish - eye lens - a_pig be stare down at we , its tongue flick the lens . alejandro bolt upright -- alejandro bad pig ! shoo ! he look down realize he pass out in the gutter , wear the same clothes from last night . at that very moment , two people ride past on horseback . alejandro catch a glimpse of the rider : elena and armand . they stop in the marketplace ahead . determined , dusting himself off , alejandro follow ... ext . the marketplace ~ continuous 27 armand extend a hand to help Elena dismount -- elena thank you , darling . armand a perfect day for a stroll in the market . as she take hia hand , she notice a ring on he finger . the design be odd : a snake coiled around the globe . elena what a unusual ring , I have not notice it before ... armand ( a touch evasive ) my family 's coat of arm . something in he voice she can not quite place . strol on , they pass a homeless peasant woman under a archway , she hat in front of she . concerned , Elena drop several coin in ... 40 . homeless peasant woman God bless you , sefiora . Elena offer a smile , and as they walk on -- armand it seem you kindness have not waver since we day in Spain . elena neither have you talent for flattery , but I be not a schoolgirl anymore . armand be you say I 'il have to try harder to impress you ? elena you can start with dinner tonight . say , eight o'clock at you chateau ? armand why not you hacienda ? I be anxious to meet you son . elena ( beat : how to play thie ? ) ++. please try and understand , darling . he be not ready yet for another man in my life . as if on cue , alejandro 's head pop up from a cart of melon behind armand . Elena gasp in surprise -- armand what be it ? he turn . alejandro 's head disappear . to distract armand , Elena grab the first thing she can from a nearby stand : a flowery eyesore that barely pass for a hat -- elena uh , this ... hat . be breathtaking . armand shall I ... purchase it for you ? elena on second think , who need another hat ? but I could use ... 41 . desperately look around , she see a tobacconist cart across the marketplace and a customer there lighting a pipe -- elena +e. a pipe ! armand a pipe ? elena a pipe ! yes , like my father use to smoke . tell I I have not repulse you with my un~ladylike habit . armand on the contrary , you fascinate I . elena leok , there 's a vendor -- armand I think I might pick up a item er two anyway . wait here , will not you ? he kiss she hand , then go . alejandro reappear : elena a a e ?! alejandro since when do you start smoking a pipe ?! elena I don ’t smoke a pipe ! I say that to get rid of he so I can get rid of you ! alejandro forgive I , it 's just such a treat to see you out among the peasant , I could not resist the chance to stop and say hello ! elena please tell I that smell be not come from you ... 42 . alejandro well , it be ! that 's what you have reduce I to -- I wake up this morning with a pig , be you happy ? elena nonono , I do not want hear about you fling -- alejandro that 's not what I mean , it be a farm animal ! elena ~- oh dear God ~~ alejandro it 's not what you think , Elena , we be just friend ! armand ( 0.s. ) ee. Elena ? she spin . alejandro disappear . armand re-approach : elena yes , darling ? armand what color ? elena what color what ? armand what color pipe ? elena ( uh ... ) ee + pink ? armand a pink pipe . perfect . he go . she whirl . alejandro reappear -- alejandro he 's so considerate ... elena joaquin 's about to get out of school -- it 's you turn to pick he up ! now gol 43 . alejandro first tell I what you nre do with this guy , Elena . this be not like you -- elena how the hell would you know ?! we be apart so often , maybe I change ! alejandro you do not -- elena what make you so sure ? alejandro after ten year of marriage , you think I can not tell when you be hide something ? Elena 's frustrated : he will not quit . so , wind herself up ... elena alright . the truth ? I fall out of love with you a long time ago . ( she 's die inside ) we be never mean to be together , alejandro , I be with armand now . do you hear I ? stay out of my life . this be the most brutal rejection alejandro could imagine . elena ( finally , a whisper ) '' ++ Goodbye . alejandro , heartbroken , watch she disappear into the crowd . we follow elena as she duck into a archway for privacy , tear now welling in she eye . the weight of she lie be like a vice squeezing she heart . after a beat , a woman 's voice : woman 's voice be you alright , my child ? Elena turn : it 's the peasant woman she give money to ... elena I all be fine , thank you . the woman touch Elena 's cheek , and with the kindest smile : 28 44 . peasant woman do not be sad . God be watch over you . the woman go . off Elena , buoy by a flash of hope ... ext . marketplace - continuous 28 alejandro head out , at he lowest point . he bump shoulder with someone come in : alejandro permisso ~-— man ( head low , grumble ) latch it . as the man leave , alejandro realize : it 's jacob mcgiven ! alejandro 's eye narrow . suspicious , he follow ... at the tobacconist cart with armand : the vendor finish wrapping a pink pipe . armand look up , only to meet the eye of mcgiven a few foot away . mcgiven gesture and move off . collect the pipe , armand follow he into ... ext . marketplace - alleyway ~ continuous 29 armand round a corner to find mcgiven lean against a wall , use a blade to sharpen he teeth . armand I receive you note . I presume you have what I want ? mcgiven well now that depend on you ... armand make you meaning plain , Mr. mcgiven . while you may feel at home here among the sewer rat , I do not . mcgiven pop in he tooth , approach , a touch of menace ... mcgiven the Lord uphold the righteous , but his coffer be dry . I believe additional fund be imperative . 30 45 . armand I have yet to see the final deed I require to complete we agreement . mcgiven cortez will not sell . armand I need that land to connect the track to the main line , Mr. mcgiven -~ you assure I you tenure with the railroad give you experience in such matter . mcgiven case you be not notice , populate Heaven 's become a Federal crime . Risk go up ? so 's the price . armand bring the deed to my chateau tonight , and you 'il be compensate for you add risk . now go . mcgiven ( tip he hat , a grin ) oh , and uh ... ' fore you swing into that fancy saddle of yours , might wanna clean off you boot . as he go , armand look down to realize he 's step in horse shit . cursing , he snap out a hankie and move off -~ do not see a shadowed figure under a archway ... alejandro . he step into the light , eye burn -- int . mission santa lucia - day 30 the door burst open as alejandro enter urgently -- felipe , at the altar , spin around : alejandro it 's time for confession . felipe smile . lead alejandro to the confessional . the last one 's roped off . a sign read '' under restoration . '' felipe pull the curtain back . alejandro hesitates -- alejandro joaquin 's wait for I at school . 31 32 33 34 35 46 . fray felipe T '11 bring he ho . -~ ( alejandro 's guilt-ridd ) go -- int . confessional - continuous 31 alejandro enter quickly , close the curtain behind he , cross himself , then triggers a lever : the back of the confessional swing OPEN revealing a secret chamber . hanging on the wall be the zorro outfit ! the door close behind alejandro , leave no trace of ita existence . int . secret chamber - continuous 32 from a niche in the cobblestone wall , alejandro open a wooden BOX revealing a stash of three black mask . music build over a succession of fast , iconic image : alejandro turn into view wearing the mask -~ the glove go on -- the cape whip onto shoulder -~ the sword be sheathed . int . secret stable - beneath the church - continuous 33 saddle . up ahead , the entrance to a see alleyway . it 's halfway board up by plank . a sign warn trespasper : danger : condemned ! ! orro and torn : the p plank , surging down the alley -- ext . desert landscape - day 34 pound hoof , the black flow mane and cape : Zorro ride hell - for-leather across the desert , eye blaze -- ext . the cortez rancho - day 35 on the back porch of a small clapboard dwelling , blanca cortez wash clothes . she glance across the property to a barn , see she husband hard at work inside . in the barn : like a blacksmith 's 's forge , where cortez build he miner ' tool to sell at the market . he hammer away , red hot metal glow against a hearth . pause to wipe he brow , he catch he wife 's smile through the barn door . 47 . blanca finish wring out clothes , move through the house to pin they to the clothesline out front , but when she open the door ... E ve ! I wi ible grin ! as he cup she mouth , we go back to : cortez , in the forge -- when a voice stop he cold : mcgiven ( 0.s. ) cortez !! cortez race from the barn to find mcgiven clutching blanca , a bowie knife to she throat , he posse surround they -- mcgiven ' and the Lord shall expel they before you , and ye shall possess they land ... 's cortez please ... do not hurt she ... mcgiven gimme the deed ! mcgiven snap for the deed , eye gleam cruelly . cortez run into the house -- hurl open a chest at the foot , rummages desperately -- where 's the deed ?! -- finally he find it , race back outside ... mcgiven bring it here . cortez let she go ... mcgiven hurl blanca to the dirt . as cortez pick she up , mcgiven and he posse take aim at the helpless couple -- mcgiven ( be : he pistol ) ' salvation 's ... and ' damnation 's ... get one thing in common , you gotta die to find either one . zorro ( v.0 . ) how true ... mcgiven suddenly feel a sword point at the back of he neck . he stiffen ... zorro Drop you gun . all of you . @. , 37 48 . in angry surprise , mcgiven nod to he man and they reluctantly throw they gun to the dirt . zorro ( to cortez and blanca ) get in the house . they race off . Zorro push mcgiven forward by the sword tip , sniffing the air , he wince : zorro cleanliness be next to godliness -- and he knock mcgiven into a water trough . Zorro leap over a adobe wall , mcgiven splashing and howling at he man to follow -- three of they snatch up they gun and hop over the wall , landing in a enclosure fill with pig and chicken . the animal scatter , mud fly , Zorro zig -zagging to create a harder target as the man FIRE but they be quickly out of bullet -- Zorro draw he sword and attack as : mcgiven lead three man to the porch of the cortez house , neds to one to kick the door down . just before the guy do , a shotgun blast rip through it , hurtling he off the porch . mcgiven and he remain man duck for cover behind the trough , firing back ruthlessly at the house which ... int . cortez rancho - continuous 36 + ++ get chew up by bullet -- cortez reload the shotgun as he propel blanca toward a hatch in the floor : cortez get in ! blanca do not let they hurt you -- cortez I will not , I promise -- ( kiss she ) -- go -- she lower herself into the crawlspace beneath the house -— - they eye hold -- then he lock the hatch . cortez crack open the barrel of he shotgun and load two more shell -- ext . animal enclosure / corn field - continuous 37 the sword battle continue from the animal sty into the corn field . 38 39 40 41 49 , Zorro move through the row in a flash -- dis 2 . reappearing -- use the corn for cover to trick two of the man into stabbing each other . one to go . Zorro and the man fight , sword clashing ... int . cortez house - the crawlspace - continuous 38 blanca lay belly down in the dirt , eye wide with fright . she see a clear path to the barn and crawl out -- ext . cortez rancho - continuous 39 mcgiven , pin behind the trough , see she emerge and signal to he man , who chase after she -- with zorro in the cornfield , as he clash sabre with the last swordsman , he see blanca run to the barn , the man in pursuit -- so he knock the swordsman back and race after blanca . the swordsman give chase -- int . barn - continuous 40 blanca race into the barn . as she lock the door shut , kaboom : it explode as a bullet rip through the lock ... the man race in to find : no blanca . they separate , one move to the hearth . suddenly , from under some hay , blanca reara up : grab a poker from the hearth and ram the red hot tip into the man 's chest . he scream , catch FIRE ! the hay ignites , within second the barn be engulf in flame ! the other man charge with a sword . blanca climb to the hayloft , but he grab she leg and they both come crashing back down . the man raise he sword for the kill , when zorron whip coil around he arm and jerk the sword from he grasp -- it go hurtling past Zorro into the cheat of the cornfield swordsman , who 's follow Zorro into the barn . and now Zorro take on the huge opponent . they fight use shovel , sledgehammer : all the mining tool in the forge -- int . cortez house - continuous 4l shotgun spend , cortez draw back from view , he hand shaking go badly he drop the BOX of shell . they roll across the floor . he collect they , reload , then swing out to fire again but ... the bullet have stop come . odd . 42 43 44 45 50 . int . barn / forge - continuous 42 Zorro and the swordsman battle through the flame -- Zorro see a pitchfork and scythe on the roofbeam , hold in place by a rope . as the swordaman slashes , Zorro dive and the rope be severe -- the sharp tool rain down on the swordsman ... blanca 's face tell we the horror she see . int . cortez house - continuous 43 cortez race to the crawlspace hatch and stop : the lock broken and the hatch be open , as if kick from within ... cortez «+. blanca ?! he 's oblivious as a figure aiming a pistol rise up behind he : mcgiven ! int . barn / forge - continuous 44 Zorro race to blanca , smoke and flame roiling around then . look like there 's no escape , until ... tornado burst through _ the flame , rear in front of they -- Zorro hurl blanca onto the saddle , climb on after she , and -- ext . barn - continuous 45 we be in slow motion as Zorro , hold blanca in the saddle astride tornado , crash through the flaming barn ! as they slow , they see cortez stumbling from the back porch . blanca leap off , smile -- cortez take a few step forward ... then crumple like a rag doll . blanca scream and race to he , a pool of blood soak he back ... she gently turn he over , he breathe ia strain ... cortez mi amor ... she try desperately to staunch the blood with she hand . no use . Zorro appear behind they , stricken -- cortez thank you , Zorro ... for keep she ... safe ... 46 51 . a grateful smile freeze cortez in the moment of he death . blanca bury she head in he chest , sobbing uncontrollably . Zorro see mcgiven gallop away down the dirt road , he sorrow turn to rage as the flame rise higher before he . int . do LA vega hacienda ~ day 46 Elena open the front door , surprised to find fray felipe stand beside a very sullen joaquin ... joaquin dad do not show . he push past she , up the stair , we hear he door slam . Elena meet felipe 's eye , he try to explain -- fray felipe alejandro have -- elena ( interrupt , piss ) -- business . of course . thank you for bring he home , padre . fray felipe Elena ... you know I have never take side between you and alejandro . T leve you both as my dearest friend . elena ( soften ) I know , padre . fray felipe my confessional be always open . I be bound by God to keep you secret ... should there ever be cause to unburden yourself . and that teare she heart , because she would like nothing more . and for a minute , we think she just might ... until , softly : elena thank you , felipe . with a sad smile , Elena close the door . leave felipe alone , know in he heart something 's very wrong ... 47 48 49 52 . ext . mission santa lucia - day 47 the mission , to establish ... int . mission santa lucia -— day 48 a cape figure drop to he knee before flicker votive candle . alejandro gaze down , torture with regret and rage . ag he begin to pray , a hand appear on he shoulder : fray felipe what be it , my Son ? alejandro «-+ I be ask God 's forgiveness . for what I be about to do . felipe now see alejandro 's hand . they be cover with cortez 's blood . felipe understand what it mean . alejandro I have fail everyone I ever love -- my wife , my son ... and the people I have aworn to protect . fray felipe you may have be blind by jealousy , alejandro , but it do not keep you from see the truth ... I believe Elena 's in danger . alejandro I will not lose she twice , felipe ... I swear it on my soul . as felipe motion the sign of the cross and begin to recite he forgiveness , we drift to the votive candle and ... match CUT to : int . do LA vega hacienda - elena 's room - dusk 49 a burn candle , felipe 's word of forgiveness echoing over as Elena sit write , she face wrack with conflict emotion . we read : " dinner at armamd 's tonight . will search for teletype ribbon . '' she roll that into a SMALL scroll , then move out to ... 50 51 53 . ext . do LA vega hacienda ~ veranda - dusk - continuous 50 a pigeon sit in a birdcage . Elena remove the bird and slip the scroll through a tiny silver band on its foot . it 's acarrier pigeon . Elena regards the bird with sadness ... elena pajarito mio ... we be both live in a cage . and she release the pigeon , fight the fear of what may come to pass ... int . do LA vega hacienda - kitchen - dusk - continuous 51 close on joaquin 's sling shot , its band pull back -- joaquin prepare to taste the vengeance of Zorro , you filthy dog -~ and he snap the sling shot , a bb knock over a water pitcher . just before it hit the floor , a hand catch it : elena , look uneasy ... elena «- . what be you do ? joaquin ( hide the slingshot behind he back ) -». nothing . homework . they look at each other . both keep they secret . she place the pitcher back on the table , say gently ... elena I ... have to go out , but only for a little while . joaquin ( defensive ) you be always go out . elena sweetheart , I would not , if I do not have to . joaquin why do you have to ? 52 54 . elena because , I ... promise a friend . joaquin what friend ? he stare suspiciously . she force a weak smile , and as she begin to spin she lie , we realize who she 's talk about : elena a woman ... I meet she the other day . she have ... a daughter . whom she love more than anything in the world , ( eye glisten ) but this woman 's be force to keep a secret , and it 's break she heart ... because a mother should never have to lie to she child . joaquin ( quietly ) «+ . what 's she secret ? and she want so desperately to tell he , but ... elena she tell I she would only speak of it ... when the time be right . ( lean in , kiss he ) gabriella will make you dinner ... and be careful with you slingshot . she go . joaquin stare , sense he mother 's anguish but unable to identify it -- which only confuse he more . ext . armand 's hacienda - night 52 Elena 's carriage ride through the front gate , pass two doberman pinscher chain to a tree . they watch she pass with malevolent eye . the carriage stop by the door , where Elena see armand and Colonel beauregard shaking hand . she put on a smile as armand help she from the carriage -- armand you arrive just in time , darling . the Colonel be about to leave . elena not on my account , I hope . 53 55 . colonel beauregard nothing would please I more than the pleasure of you company , my dear , but I have other press matter to tend to . armand and beauregard share a millisecond look -- it should make Elena , and we , suspicious . beauregard tip he hat -- armand goodnight . elena {as beauregard leave ) how kind of you to extend such hospitality to the Colonel . armand we share a common interest in the future of America . ( kiss she hand ) you look so beautiful . and he lead she inside ... int . armand 's hacienda ~ corridor - night 53 Elena and armand pass under a gothic archway . up ahead , ferrog exit from a ornate door -- Elena see he slip a telegram into he shirt . he lock the door , approach : ferroq master , a word ? armand ( to Elena ) please excuse I a moment -- armand and ferrog walk off to confer . Elena pretend to check she appearance in a mirror , but discreetly watch they . armand nod approval about something , then return -- armand my apology , business never end . elena the carve on the archway be beautiful ... what 's through that door ? 54 56 . armand a private chapel . piety be a long - stand tradition in my family ... I would show it to you , but dinner 's wait . they move on , Elena glance back at the door . know the telegraph must be on the other side ... int . armand 's hacienda - dine room - night 54 empty plate be clear . Elena wipe she mouth with a napkin , say to armand across the table : elena that be absolutely delicious . armand yes . and now -- { two servant approach . one hand he a cigar . the other , a gevere - look woman name marie , offer Elena a oak box -- elena I be sorry , Marie , I do not smoke ... armand pause , confuse , as Marie open the box revealing the pink pipe he buy at the market . Elena quickly cover : elena +». unless it 's my pipe . you remember , how thoughtful . ( slip it in she pocket ) though I should let my stomach settle first . armand just as well , I have be wait all night to tell you something . ( beat ) Elena , when I first see you at the academy , the other boy say you be the most beautiful woman on the iberian continent . they call you ' La flor De andalusia 's ... and I think , of everything in the world I might ever know or have , it would never be someone as stun as you ... yet here you be . ( beat ) darling ... there 's something I must ask you . oe : 57 . oh dear God , he 's go to propose . Elena flash the sweetest smile she 's get , which be pretty good -- elena before you do , answer I one question ~- armand -- of course , whatever you heart desire -- elena -- where 's the bathroom ? he pause : the bathroom ? elena all you flattery 's make I blush , I have like to powder my cheek . armand «+. of course . it 's down the hall . she give he a smile and go . off armand , a little throw . int . armand 's hacienda - hallway - continuous 55 a door open slightly and Elena peek out . Coast clear , she make she way to the chapel door . remove a hairpin . her beautiful hair fall . use the pin , Elena begin to pick the lock . almost there -- then : a floorboard creak . Elena spin as ferroq round the corner -- she play relieved : elena oh , I be so glad I run into you , I be terribly lose . would you show I back to the dining room , please ? ferroq ( beat , suspicious ) this way . elena thank you so much . I can see how indispensable you be to armand . ferroq I be he devote servant . and would give my life to protect he from any man -~ or woman ... who seek to betray he . 56 57 58. and just when we think he have she number , she switch tactic . stop , lean in , so she barely have to murmur : elena perhaps it have not occur to you I may soon be the lady of this house . so start exercise some respect when you talk to I ... or I ' 11 have you ball fillete with a side of truffle . a smile , and she go , ferroq watch after she , darkly , then hear someone pull up outside . he look out the window to see mcgiven arrive on he horse .... ext . armand 's hacienda ~- front courtyard ~ night 56 mcgiven hop off he horse . ferrog open the front door and usher he in . as they go , we find ... zorro , in the distance on tornado , hide in shadow . he dismount and creep onto the grounds . hunched , he watch through the parlor window where he see ferrog tell mcgiven to wait . Zorro get a idea and creep on -- and suddenly from darkness come the sound of running paw --— ghost - like monster leap into the light : the two doberman , they jawa bark death -- they abruptly SNAP backward , hold in place by they chain . Zorro exhales relief , creep on as the dog lunge for he -- zorro I be sure you be cute as puppy -- int . armand ‘s hacienda - dine room - continuous 57 Elena and armand , where they leave off -- all the while she 's try to figure out another way into the chapel ... armand feeling better ? elena much , thank you . armand --.- you let you hair down . Elena tense : will it make he suspicious ? 58 59 60 59 . armand it look beautiful cascade over you shoulder . ( then ) Elena , we have know each other for -- suddenly , ferrog enter : ferroq -- Sir , you have a visitor . armand ( exasperate , to Elena ) I apologize . now it 's you turn to excuse I . elena of course . ferrog lead armand out . the instant Elena 's alone she 's on she foot -- move to the rear doorway -- she push through : int . armand 's hacienda - outside the chapel ~ continuous 58 Elena race back to the chapel door . pull the hairpin . finger move nimbly -- click : the door open . she enter . we hold on the empty corridor ... a beat later , we see zorro appear out the window , climb a rise trellis to the roof -~ ext . armand 's hacienda - rooftop - continuous 59 Zorro leap off the trellis onto the rooftop . see the chimney . move to it , fast -~ climb in -- what 's he do ? int . armand 's hacienda ~- private chapel ~ continuous 60 darkness . Elena emerge into the light , and we push close to she face as she take in the chapel , awestruck : it be not a chapel at all . it 's filled with priceless work of art , antique . a wall be line with exotic weapon from every corner of the world . Elena 's eye track to a tapestry . it bear the same mark we see on armand 's ring : a serpent coiled around the globe . beneath it , the Latin word : '' orbis unum . '' and the music swell as we push in on Elena , wonder what the hell armand 's involved in ... 61 60 . int . armand 's study - continuous 61 Zorro pop out of the chimney . go straight for armand 's desk , search for some kind of clue . open drawer , nothing -- check the bookshelve , behind painting , but keep come up empty-hand . then he notice ... a mirror on the wall , hang slightly askew -- hi outward like a door . alejandro move closer , touch the mirror at its corner : it swing OPEN , revealing ... a map of america . Zorro ' 's eye play across it : armand 's trace the trajectory of America 's rail line -- most importantly , he 's outline the path of a train track from California 's central line , right to hia vineyard . zorro ( realize ) he 's building a track to the vineyard ... suddenly , the sound of the door open -- armand enter with mcgiven -- but Zorro be go . armand I presume you have the deed , since you have deem it necessary to interrupt my dinner . mcgiven ( pull out the deed ) right here , but we have a fly in the ointment -- or should I say , a fox ... Zorro , intercut as we reveal Zorro , perch inside the chimney , listen ... armand ( dismissively ) I have hear the name among the local . he 's a peasant who masquerade as a self - appoint folk hero ... man like that usually find they way to the guillotine . mcgiven I be not takin 's no chance . I and he , we get unfinish business . 62 63 61 . armand you vendetta can wait -- the track must be complete on time . ( light a match } in two day ... the future begin . and armand toss the match into the fireplace . jzorro glance down as the kindling beneath he begin to burn -- int . armand 's hacienda ~- private chapel - continuous 62 Elena search desperately for the telegraph receiver , but can not seem to find it -- int . armand 's study - continuous 63 mcgiven +--+ what about we renegotiation ? armand there 's one more thing I need you to do . in the chimney : Zorro have shimmy up to the open air , smoke thickening around he -- still , he can hear : armand ( 0.s. ) I have be inform one of my shipping vessel be arrive tomorrow . to avoid the scrutiny of a custom inspection , it 'il anchor off cauldron cove . the cargo must be bring here safely ... I want no mistake , be that clear ? Zorro 's eye narrow hearing that . mcgiven growl ... mcgiven get this straight , you backwards - ass frog : just cause I be in you employ do not mean I abide ya . soon as we business be do , you beat be on the first steamer back to France . savvy ? in a lightning move , armand slam mcgiven 's face down hard on the table . 64 65 67 62. armand if you ever threaten I again , Mr. mcgiven ~- Jake -- I ' 11 carve my family 's coat of arm into you still - beat heart and feed it to my dog . he release mcgiven who recoil , stunne by the force of armand 's grip . armand turn to ferrog , utterly relaxed : armand retrieve Mr. mcgiven 's payment from the chapel , would you , ferrog ? int . armand 's hacienda - private chapel - continuous 64 move quickly , Elena spot a drape in the corner cover something . she lift the canvaa , revealing the telegraph receiver ! she try to pry it open , but it 's stick -- int . armand 's hacienda - hallway - continuous 65 ferrog be climb the staira to the chapel -- int . armand ‘s hacienda — private chapel - continuous 66 the receiver finally give . Elena remove the carbon ribbon . we read : '' shipment arriving at noon . cauldron cove . '' she reach into she bodice , pull out a duplicate carbon ribbon , replace it . quickly put the telegraph under the drape -- int . hacienda - corridor outside chapel ~— continuous 67 Elena exit , move quickly . reflected in a mirror ahead , she sees ferroq approach far down the adjacent hallway . startle , she drop the telegraph ribbon which unspool across the carpet . frantically , she begin spool it back up -- comeoncomeon -- she eye flick to the mirror where ferroq be nearly round the corner , there 's no way in hell she 's gonna make it -~ but when he appear ... elena ' S gone ! curtain billow at the OPEN window by the rise trellis . ferrog move to close it . stop . sense something . stands there , look out -- and we pull out the window , to find : 68 69 63. ext . ledge outside study window - continuous 68 elena , perch on the rise trellis , literally a foot from he . the carbon ribbon still in tangles in she hand . finally , ferrog close the window . Elena exhales , finish spool the ribbon back up , and climb onto the ledge where she inch along , search for a way back inside ... ext . armand 's hacienda - rooftop - continuous 69 Zorro 's soot - cover face emerge from the chimney . he lower himself off the rooftop , onto the ledge ... widen to reveal : alejandro and Elena be on opposite side of the Hacienda , move toward each other on a collision course . up ahead be a balcony -- simultaneously , elena and alejandro jump . the hell out of each other -- elena alejandro ! for GOD 's sake , why can't you leave I alone ! -- you have no idea who I think he be -- -- no you do not , because you do not think ! now get out of here before somebody see you ! ~-- see , you can not stop be Zorro ... even when it mean forget to pick up you son ! -- that 's you excuse ?! jealousy ?! ( stunne beat ) «+. what ?! --. how do you know this ? landing on the balcony at the same time and startling alejandro elena ! listen , armand 's not who you think he be -- ( consider ) ++. well I think I know who you think he be -- -- you be hide something from I , Elena , I know it ! ~- I would have be there on time if it be not for you boyfriend -- -- no , murder ! guillermo cortez be dead ! -- armand need he land to build a railroad -- -- ohnono I will not tell you what I know ' till you tell I what you know cause if you wanna know what I know I need to know why the hell you be shack up with a evil count ! 64 . armand ( 0.s. ) Elena ? they turn , hearing armand 's voice around the corner . whip over as he appear in the hallway , see Elena on the balcony : armand «+ . there you be . whip back to find she , alone , back turn to he . as he approach , she turna to reveal she' smoking the pink pipe : elena forgive I , darling , I feel the eudden urge to step out for a puff . she inhale , she eye bulge and she start hacking -- armand Elena , be you alright --? elena ( choke gasp ) Fine -- armand dear God , you be turn green -- elena ( choke gasp ) you presence make I flush -- recovering , she take another drag , careful not to inhale this time . armand smile ... armand +++ good . because I have a little something for you . he remove a rectangular BOX from he coat and open it , revealing a stun pearl necklace : armand a customary Spanish offer ... when a man ask a woman ... for she hand in marriage . ( beat ) let I do this properly , on one knee -- elena nono don ’t look up !!! 65 . though she' mid -inhale , she keep he on he foot with a deep kiss . her eye track up -- and that 's when we reveal what she 's distracting he from : al iD. is in the rafter . he 's go insane watch this -- Elena toss the pipe over she shoulder , where it land beneath the balcony ... inches from a waiting tornado . when she pull away from armand , they both exhale the puff of smoke she just take in -- armand -.- be that a yes ? elena it 's a definite maybe . armand I know it 's sudden give what you have just be through ... but I want to give you everything you ex - husband could not . alejandro , only a few foot above , be peel out of he skin . armand I do not expect you to answer now . whatever you decide ... the necklace be yours . he move behind she and loop the necklace around she neck , relishing the moment . she atruggle to remain compose , then Elena pretend to ' notice 's she watch : elena goodness , I lose track of time with you ... I should put joaquin to bed . finally , she lead he back inside , she arm shoot out behind she signal alejandro to go ! he drop down onto the balcony , enraged . see tornado below and leap into the saddle . only then do he realize tornado have the pipe in he mouth , its red ember burn . alejandro ( snatching it away ) how many time have I tell you ? smoke will make you hoarse . he chuck away the pipe and spur tornado off -- 70 71 72 66 . ext . do LA vega hacienda - night 70 Dark cloud cross a low moon , portend something ominous ... ext . do LA vega hacienda ~ veranda - night 71 tight on the carrier pigeon as Elena take it from its cage . she attaches the roll up carbon ribbon to the silver carrier band on its foot : elena -- go -- she watch as the bird soar off , silhouett against the moon . in a match dissolve , it become ... ext . bear point historic site - desert - day 72 «.. the blister SUN . crane down to a california flag , high above a empty desert . train track off to the side seem to stretch on forever ; and far in the distance , a oncoming train . as we keep drop , we find Father quintero and he class of kid , dismount from wagon -- like school bus . quintero gather they around the base of the flag , during : father quintero welcome to bear Point , Children . it be on this desolate spot that we state flag be raise for the first time . two day from now , we governor will be host a celebration here to honor California 's statehood -- among the class , joaquin be not pay attention -- mesmerize as he be by the oncoming train : father quintero joaquin De La vega , be you pay attention ?! joaquin ( catch , pretend to take note ) statehood celebration . bear Point . get it . 67 . as quintero turn away , joaquin roll he eye to one of he chum , ricardo . by now , the train 's pass in front of the class -- the kid stare , marvel at this new goliath of the steam age -- and when it clear frame , we reveal : jake mcgiven and he posse waiting on the other side of the track . a scary , surprising moment . joaquin 's eye narrow : trouble . mcgiven crack the rein , approach ... mcgiven well ... lookey here , boy . father quintero ( sense danger ) please , sefior . we want no trouble . mcgiven remove he hat , wipe a sweaty brow -- mcgiven call I mcgiven , jefe . now maybe you be not hear , but you dingy little state -- and everything in it -- belong to we . he gesture to he man , who snatch the child 's water supply off the school wagon . father quintero --. you have what you want . now be on you way . mcgiven ( take a swig of the water ) scorcher of a day . take it from you uncle Jake , kiddie -~ drink plenty of agua . the posse roar with laughter as they ride onward . Young ricardo turn to joaquin , relieved -- ricardo jeez , joaquin , d'ya think -- but joaquin 's gone . ricardo gasp , because now he see , beneath the wagon ... joaquin 's attach himself to the axle . he hang there , press a finger to he lip : 's -- father quintero this way , class ... as quintero lead they off , ricardo hesitates , tear , he concerned eye watch as the wagon ride off ... ee 74 75 68. ext , desertscape - continuous 73 the harsh sun beat relentlessly on the desert floor . the wagon roll onward ... ext . cauldron cove - cliff - noon 74 the wagon arrive at the top of a cliff , where two man be wait beside a wooden crane . mcgiven dismount , walk to the cliff edge . he look down to see : mcgiven 's Pov - a SMALL beach below , a secret cove , where two more man unload crate from a rowboat that 's be drag onto the sand . off shore , we see a shipping vessel anchore . as mcgiven and he man peer over the bluff , we drift back to the wagon where joaquin drop onto the ground . he run up a small bank and hide behind a crop of rock above the crane . mcgiven {to he man ) let 's go ... ext . cauldron cove - the beach - later 75 mcgiven supervise , Henry repeater in hand , as he man unload more crate from the rowboat . he lean he rifle against a rock and wipe he brow , swig some water . another rowboat , this one empty , ie head back to the shipping vessel off -shore . the crate be stack on a platform suspend by a cable , which begin to lift upward ... we follow it up the side of the bluff , finally reach the top to find ... the two man , strain to operate the hand - cranke wooden erane , the cable looped over a pulley at the top . joaquin carefully emerge from behind the rock to get a closer look . as he do , some loose rock tumble down to ... the man wind the crane 's hand -crank . they stop , notice the rock . joaquin duck , slowly raise hie head -- to he surprise , there 's now only one man operate the hand crank . sense something , joaquin whirl to reveal the other man behind he ! the man loop a knife around joaquin 's neck and drag he down the bank , throw he on the ground in front of he partner -~ 69 . sneering man # 1 what be you doin 's here , kid ? joaquin ( glaring defiance ) lookin 's at two of the ugliest guy I have ever see ... sneer man # 1 yank joaquin off the ground , reel back a fist to punch he when joaquin suddenly shoot out he hand , throwing dirt in they eye . asa the man stumble back , joaquin head butt one and whack he elbow into the other 's neck -- sneer man # 1 grab joaquin , draw he sabre , steel glinting in the sun , raise it for the kill ... ++. when suddenly zorro swing in from the crane cable , kicking the men in the back of the head . they be hurled over joaquin , off the top of the cliff where ... +».. they body crash onto the beach next to . mcgiven , who lock up , startle . the dangling platform begin to fall , then snap into place and swing back and forth -- hold there _ t a emergenc : akin bt zorro appear at the top of the cliff , smiling down at mcgiven , and take a bow . mcgiven bark to two of he man : mcgiven guard the crate ! -- and start to climb the rocky cliff with the rest of he posse . joaquin , catch he breath , look up gleefully : joaquin ohmygod you be Z - ~ Zorro cut he off with a whistle : tornado gallop in from the brush -- zorro ( to tornado ) take hi he hile , it £ I there ! amazingly , tornado kneel down so Zorro can lift joaquin into the saddle , then gallop off . Zorro leap onto the cable , slide down it errol flynn style , landing gracefully on the beach behind the guard -- tap they on the shoulder , and as they turn -- whack -- he knock they both out cold . move fast to a crate , he see a brand emblazon on the lid : a serpent , cotle around the globe . the same design Elena see on armand 's ring . 76 70 . Zorro 's eye move over the symbol , what be this ? and what 's inside ? he pries open the crate , he hand reach in ... and finally , he pull out ... a bottle of wine ? what the hell ? no time to think , he slip the bottle in he belt , then notice something : mcgiven have leave he Henry repeater against the rock . and Zorro get a idea ... at the top of the cliff , mcgiven and he man arrive , breathless . no Zorro . he look down , see he two guard spread -eagle on the beach below -- and again , zorro waving up they ! mcgiven hurl he hat to the ground and -- timecut : mcgiven and the man have climb back down to the beach . when they move toward the crate , mcgiven trip on a concealed rope , pull the trigger on the Henry repeater which Zorro 's set into position between two rock -- the blast sever the emergency cable hold the platform in place and it come crashing down on the rest of the shipment ! mcgiven and he man hurl themselves out of the way , but two be not so lucky and get crushed . as mcgiven pull himself up from the sand , he hear a whinny and look up to see : zorro , back on the cliff . he raise he hat , then disappear . off mcgiven , eye glaring death ... ext . further down the bluff - day 76 joaquin sit beneath a tree , wince at a SMALL CUT on he arm . tornado stand vigil beside he . zorrom voice let I see that arm ... joaquin whirl to see Zorro , who flip open a pouch on tornado 's saddle , place the bottle of wine inside and remove bandage gauze .... joaquin ( thrilled , stammer ) I can not believe it 's you ! you nre really Zorro ! I mean ... whoa ! and tornado ! man , he 's huge ! zorro ( dress the wound ) hold still , joaquin -- 71 . joaquin you know my name ? Zorro know my name ! how do you know my name ? zorro I , uh ... well , I know you father . joaquin you ... know my dad ? zorro ( beat , improvise ) I ask he to keep my secret . and now I be ask you to do the same -- no one can ever know you see I . ( beat ) especially not you mother . joaquin ee . why ? alejandro hey , I '' the one ask the question . now why be not you at school ? what be you do here ? joaquin the guy with the scar on he face , I know he be up to something . you really show that sonofa - ~ zorro watch you mouth , eh ? this be not a game , you father have have a heart | attack if he see what happen here . joaquin no he would not ... he do not even remember to pick I up at school yesterday . that freeze alejandro . even behind the mask , we see the guilt in he eye . zorro he do not forget , joaquin ... what you have to understand be -- he pause . his son be stare up at he , wait so desperately for a answer ... and finally , with resignation : 77 72 . zorro + ++ you do not have to understand anything . he should have be there . ( beat ) and I know he feel terrible . for all the moment in you life he 's miss . joaquin sense deep emotion welling up in Zorro . weird . joaquin he tell you all that ? alejandro ( beat , then ... ) I be get to know he better everyday . he smile , and finish bandage he son 's wound . ext . alvarado academy for child ~ day 77 Father quintero be counting head as the child file off the wagon and back into school . pull back to a nearby alleyway , where Zorro and joaquin be watch ... zorro hurry , before you teacher know you be go . joaquin start off . stop . turn ~-- joaquin e+. Zorro ? ( this be not easy for he ) next time you talk to my dad , maybe you could tell he that ... I ... alejandro wait with bait breath . joaquin want to finish the sentence with : ’... love he , 's but can not say the word . joaquin ++» nothin 's . a flicker of disappointment in Zorro 's eye , but he manage a amile . a last look from joaquin , and as he turn to go -- zorro keep you chin up , eh ? that stop joaquin cold : that be the same word he father say to he in the carriage . 78 73. he turn back , but zorro nos gone . after a beat , joaquin run on , discreetly take the last place in line as Father quintero finish he head count . int . mission santa lucia - day 78 close on the bottle of wine Zorro just steal . felipe run a finger over the label with excitement : fray felipe it 's a lafite 1791 , very rare -- alejandro enter frame , pace , a burn in he belly : alejandro it do not make sense . I think the shipment would explain everything ... felipe pour the wine into a silver ritual cup , raise it to christ on the cross hang above the altar -- fray felipe bless you for turn water into wine -~ alejandro he 's building a track to connect he vineyard to the railroad -- why ?! fray felipe ( take a sip , then ) abh : effervescent , yet tenacious . alejandro stop , turn . eye wide —- alejandro wait a minute ... that be the same ridiculous word you say at the party . ( he grab the cup , sip : ) it 's the same wine ! fray felipe the one the count pass off as he own vintage ! ( stare at each other ) if he 's not make wine in the vineyard ... what 's he do ? 79 74 . alejandro ( mind whirling ) there be a mark -- a symbol -- brand on the crate from the ship ... a serpent coiled around the globe . close . felipe . that ringing a distant bell in he mind -- fray felipe a serpent ... coiled around the globe ...? ( then , move off quickly ) come with I -- int . mission santa lucia - church archive - minute later 79 a ancient book be drop onto a table , kick up dust . alejandro lower he candle to read the title : '' enemies of the church . '' felipe flip it open , turn page -- then , find the snake and globe symbol he 's look for : fray felipe I have not read this since my seminary training ... ( tap the page ) --- be this it ? alejandro ( it be :) ++. ' orbis unum 's ? fray felipe Latin . it mean ' one World . 's it represent the order of the teutonic knighta ... a ancient brotherhood of noblemen who rule over Europe in secrecy after the crusade . alejandro waiwait ... armand ... be a knight ? fray felipe accord to legend , they begin as protector of the church and all its rich ... but greed twisted they into barbarous man . the Pope be force to order they extermination ... and all of Europe become a battleground choke with horror . 80 81 75 . felipe sift through page , we move in and out of close - ups as they study the illustration ... fray felipe it 's say a handful of knight escape with enough wealth to start over ... this time , in secret . some believe they be the master behind all the kingdom of Europe ... even today . ( beat , read ) here it speak of a prophecy , write when they go into hide ... listen : ' there shall be , in the west , a land of great power that will rise to threaten the serpent ... only by turn the power on itself , will the serpent survive . 's they look up at each other ... fray felipe a land in the west ... alejandro ( grave whisper ) America ... they want to destroy it . and off that , we prelap a searing aria -- int . san francisco opera house - afternoon 80 matinee : a diva belt out the aria in a bravura voice . elena and armand be watch from a private box . he take she hand . she accept , look draw , a million mile away . a beat , then ferrog enter , urgent . whisper in armand 's ear . his face go taut . force a smile , he whispera to Elena : armand forgive I , darling , I will n not be a moment . he exit . Elena turn , alert , wonder what 's happen -~- int . opera house - the bar - continuous 81 armand and ferrog enter the elaborate bar to find mcgiven wait , with a shit-eate grin . he strike a match , ignite a shot of whiskey : 76 . mcgiven I do enjoy a occasional dance with the devil . and without blow out the flame shot , he throw it back . armand this better be damned important . mcgiven you be the one who 's damned , sly boot . Zorro destroy you shipment . mcgiven pour another shot , strike another match . armand 's hand lash out , finger extinguish the match -- armand I increase you payment and this be the news you bring I ?! mcgiven open you eye : Zorro get there ahead of we , mean one of you people ' 's talk . that register , but armand keep he reaction contain . armand the Hacienda can not front as a vineyard if it be not produce wine ... mcgiven maybe you oughtta reconsider puttin’ together a fox hunt . armand De it -- and when you find this Zorro , take he head . nothing can stop the train from depart at dawn ... now get out . they eye hold , then mcgiven exit . armand say to ferroq : armand if someone 's talk , find the man responsible . ferroq master ... what if it 's a woman ? we go tight on armand , anger mount in he look ... v7. armand I will forgive the inference , because e you service to my family have earn you the right to speak freely . with that , armand exit . hold on ferrog 's evil eye -- more determine now than ever to prove hia suspicion correct . 82 int . san francisco opera house - armand 's BOX - continuous 82 Elena watch the opera . a figure enter silently through the curtain behind she . lower , a whisper : alejandro do not turn around . do not say anything . just listen . Elena 's heart quicken . though she 's in shadow , there be people in the box around she . she can not make a scene . alejandro lean closer , in she ear ... alejandro I nve be try to convince you armand 's not the man he appear to be ... but you already know that . es you nve always be able to see people for who they be ... even I . ( beat ) whatever he 's make in that vineyard , it be not wine ... and I be go to find out what it be . elena ( urgently ) I be begging you , alejandro , do not -- alejandro what be you involved in ? tell I -- elena you_havye to trust I -- alejandro ( struggle ) then answer I one question ... the other day , you say we be never meant to be together ... in you heart , do you really believe that ? a swell of applause break the moment as the curtain drop , d> signal intermission ~- 83 84 78. elena armand 's come back ! go ! torn , he question unanswer , alejandro push quickly through the curtain and : the image change suddenly : we be watch alejandro as he leave Elena in she box , as see through opera glass . across the opera house , harrigan lower the opera glass . he swivel to pike . quickly , they rise and exit -- int . san francisco opera house - mezzanine - continuous 83 alejandro push through the crowd with a full head of steam , round a corner , bumping into armand and ferrog -- armand Don De La vega -— alejandro -~ Count armand -- armand ( anger building ) you repeat appearance be border on harassment . alejandro forgive I , I come to say goodbye to Elena . ' try as I have to win she back , she love you ... I wish you both happiness . he goer , leave armand a little puzzle ... still , dubious . ext . san francisco opera house - continuous 84 alejandro bound down the step . a man be head up toward he , indistinctly part of the crowd ~-- it 's harrigan . we go to a extreme close up of a ring on he finger , he flick open the gem revealing a tiny needle . '' accidentally '' bump into alejandro , he inject the needle into he wrist , a pierce so small alejandro do not notice : harrigan -~ Excuse I -— - and he 's go . alejandro hail a hansom carriage : 85 86 79 . alejandro Mission Santa Lucia , hurry -- i/e . hansom cab ~ moving - continuous 85 alejandro settles into the back seat as the coach ride off . quickly , he begin to grow woozy ... fight it , but he eye flutter ... finally he pass out cold . and we boom up , out the window , to reveal pike at the rein . ext . do LA vega hacienda - dusk 86 armand 's carriage arrive at the hacienda , ferrog reining the horse . armand step out , offer a hand to Elena ... elena I have a wonderful time . thank you . armand I see alejandro leave the opera house , Elena . if I be a less trust man , I might think you still have feeling for he . elena 's face : drastic time call for drastic measure . so : elena I tell he something I have not tell you yet . ( a smile , though it kill she ) I want to be you wife , armand . and despite he mistrust , the dilemma he 's be struggle with seem to evaporate . take Elena in he arm , he kiss her passionately . ferroq watch through icy eye . armand you have my heart , without expectation . it be and always will be yours , Elena . elena after I put joaquin to bed , perhaps we could have supper at you Hacienda . if I be go to be the lady of the house , I want to start make myself at home . ( armand hesitates ) «+ . what be it ? 87 80 . armand some colleague of mine will be arrive from Europe this evening . we meeting may run late . elena a late supper , then ... I could stay the night . he try to contain he lust , just as she contain the fact that she will not be follow through with the sex . he kiss she one last time , and as she head into the house : armand Elena ... we will have the world , you and I . she smile , t 2 be 2 1l_ out . as armand climb back in the carriage , blena hurry inside ... and we boom up to reveal ... joaquin tean over the veranda , stunne beyond word -- not hi a a off he heartbreak ... int . jail cell ~— dusk 87 the screen be blurry . we be on the floor . something 's come in and out of focus in front of we ... the mask of zorro . dangle in harrigan ' 's hand through cell bar . Pike 's beside he . they stand on the other side of the cell : pike the drug will wear off soon , Mr. De La vega . harrigan or would you prefer ... Zorro ? pike the day California be vote into the union ? we follow you to the viaduct . harrigan ( the mask : ) I believe this belong to you ? alejandro 's mind be spin -- alejandro + ++ who be you ?! 81. and shockingly , Pike pull out ... a badge ! pike I be agent Pike , this be agent harrigan . we be the pinkerton : operative of the United States government . alejandro you nre the good guy ? harrigan you could say we be a kind of ... secret service . pike we be live in perilous time , Mr. De La vega . America 's gate have swing wide open ... harrigan trouble be , it 's get harder to tell a genuine american from the man who 's just pretend to be . pike which be why , on occasion , we require certain individual to aid in we country 's defense ... people like you ex-wife . alejandro ( stunne ) Elena ... work for you ? as a apy ? harrigan we need someone who could gain he trust . pike and who more suite to the task than the woman he could never forget ? harrigan you see , before the Count 's arrival here , we intercept a telegram he dispatch to he associate throughout Europe . 82 . pike in that telegram , he claim he be on the verge of produce a new weapon , harrigan a weapon that would bring about ... mass destruction . pike with a single target in mind ... harrigan pike the United States of America . the United States of America . alejandro ( try to add that up ) what kind of weapon would do that ? pike you ex - wife may be on the verge of answer that very question . harrigan and every time you interfere , you jeopardize she cover . understand ? alejandro ( anger rise ) the divorce be you idea , be not it ? so Elena would be free to lure in the count ... ore hi o° this ... pike we prefer to think of it as a mutual understanding : in exchange for she help , we promise to keep the true name of Zorro secret from he enemy . harrigan a name you share with you wife ... and son . a long beat , alejandro 's eye glaring rage . his look quickly turn to defeat , he head drop ... and after a beat : alejandro '' ++ I know something that might help you . 88 89 83. he gesture to they : come closer . in tandem , they do -- and that 's when alejandro grab they by the collar and slam there head against the bar , locking they there -- alejandro you destroyed my family , you sonsofbitch ! ! he slam they against the bar again then hurl they back . they tumble to the floor , harrigan spitting blood , Pike straighten he tie ~- slowly , they rise , seethe : barrigan we country must be protect , De La vega ... without apology . alejandro by blackmail you own people ?! you call that a democracy ?! pike when national security 's at stake , we can not afford to be Democratic . harrigan Zorro 's a relic of the past . ( pick up the mask : ) this belong in a museum . now sit there . bleed . and think about it . the man turn , head out the door . off alejandro , face full of rage , a look that could kill ... ext . do LA vega hacienda ~ elena 's room - dusk 88 Elena remove the pigeon from its cage , attaches a message to ite foot ... and release the bird with a flash of hope : elena after tonight , we nil both be free ... int . do LA vega hacienda - joaquin 's room - dusk 89 Elena peer in to see joaquin , sit at he desk , do homework . she smile , try she best to sound light -- elena I will be back soo -- 90 91 84 . joaquin bye . he do not turn to look at she . she presume , he 's brood over she leave again . soon it will all be over and she can tell he the truth . elena «.- adiog , mis amor . she close the door . joaquin leap to he foot . pushes open the window and climb out onto the tree . go . int . stable - dusk 90 joaquin , in close up , he tooth clench in exertion : joaquin come on come on come on , we have to find papi-- widen : he 's sit on top of -- and try to move -~ a unmovable burro . joaquin stupid ass , move ! ( nothing ) okay , you be not a stupid ass ... how ' bout I give you a name . from now on , you be the great ... the great Burrito ! okayokay , not burrito . uh ... earthquake ! Diablo ! lightn ! the burro brays its approval -- joaquin lightn ? okay ! go , lightning ! and lightn begin to clip-clop onward -- slower than hell . a lone boy and he burro against the moon . ext . san francisco CITY street - dusk 91 Elena 's pigeon wing into frame , zeroing in on a build . we read the sign : peckinpah HOTEL . room to let . the pigeon land by a window . a hand reach out for the bird : agent pike . he remove the message from the silver band on the pigeon 's foot , read : '' searching vineyard tonight . will make contact . '' he turn inside to ... 92 93 94 95 85 . int . peckinpah HOTEL - the pinkerton 's room - continuous 92 harrigan pace , edgy ... pike she 's go to the vineyard . we can post man near the gate , in case we have to pull she out . harrigan if she 's compromise , she 'il be of no further use to we . consider it a acceptable loss . harrigan 's eye be unflinch . Pike turn and close the window ... and we tilt down to the alley , where ... eerroq be stare up from he saddle , have follow the pigeon . he dismount , trigger a wrist contraption hide in he sleeve -- ching ! -- a crescent blade fan out , fanglike . and ferrog head into the hotel . ext . armand 's hacienda - magic hour 93 establish : row of vine against a glorious sunset ... ext . armand 's hacienda - front courtyard - magic hour 94 Elena exit a carriage and cross to the front door , fight she nerve . she knock . marie answer ... elena bon soir , Marie . armand 's expect I . marie you be early , Madame , the Count be still indispose . elena perhaps I could wait in the parlor ? as Marie open the door to let Elena in -- int . edinburgh mission inn - lobby - night 95 at the front desk , the concierge be do paperwork . a small hand appear to ring the bell -- then the face of a nine year old boy peer up at he : joaquin . 86 . concierge yes ? joaquin uh , I be look for my dad , alejandro De La vega . a woman dusting a table nearby hear that and turn : it 's lupe , the chambermaid with a crush on alejandro . concierge he have not come in this evening , I be glad to say . now Young man , we be very busy -- if you be not a register guest ... get out . lupe Excuse I , you be joaquin , yes ? joaquin how do you know my name ? lupe you be all you father ever talk about . that land with joaquin . then , desperately -- @ joaquin do you know where he be ? lupe ( beat , this be awkward ) there 's a cantina down the street , you might find he there . 96 int . armand 's hacienda - parlor - night 96 Marie place a cup of tea in front of Elena ... elena ++. thank you so much . Marie nod and head out . Elena hop up , move to the window -- just before she open it , she hear marie return -- whirling , Elena pretend to search the book shelf : marie perhaps Madame would like a amuse bouche to tide she over until dinner ? 97 87 . elena {a touch stern ) that 's 11 be all , Marie . in fact , I would like a little quiet before armand return . marie as you wish , Madame . Marie go , close the door behind she . Elena move quickly back to the window , pull it up , and climb out --~ int . jail cell ~ night 97 alejandro pace like a cage tiger . he grab the window bar and shake they . no use . his head drop . a noise bring it up again . a back door in the alley outside swing open . in shadow , a angry SALOON owner toss someone out : SALOON owner now git , ya little mongrel ! come back when you get hair on you chest ! the ousted patron step into the light -- it 's 2 . n! joaquin suck a egg , flatfoot ! E. o. for E . alejandro joaquin ?! joaquin !! joaquin freeze hearing he father 's voice . lock in on the jail cell window and move closer , completely stunne : joaquin 's + dad ?! alejandro what be you do in a bar ?! joaquin what be you do in jail ?! alejandro ++. I ask you first . joaquin I be look for you , it 's about mom -~ 98 88. alejandro -- ia she okay ?! joaquin no ! I mean , yes , but no -- a man come to the house ... he ask she to marry he -- she say okay -- I know you still love she -- you say you would do anything for she -- alejandro ~- joaquin -- joaquin you can not be in jail , how can you be in jail ?! you gotta stop she -- alejandro joaquin listen to I -- he grasp joaquin 's hand through the bar , the hoy 's mind spin out of control , near tear . and alejandro give he the great , most loving smile he son could ever hope to seet alejandro the very first time I hold you in my arm ... I could see in you eye , you have fire in you soul . ( beat ) you be right -- I be not around enough for you or you mother . I will not make that mistake again , I promise ... but you have to help I get out of here , joaquin beam back at he father . they hold there , hand clasped between the bar ... int . jail - night 98 the head jailer be play card with a guard . a second guard finish spoon slop into bowl to take to the prisoner . as he pick up a tray and head off , we find ... joaquin , crouch around a corner . he aim he slingshot and fire , hit the quard in the butt with a bb : the guard lurch forward , jettisoning slop all over the jailer who throw down he card and start shout as ... 89 . over ad-lib argue , joaquin fire another bb at the second guard 's butt -- he whirl , see joaquin give he the finger and disappear . the guard run after he as the other man continue fight , but when he turn the corner he 's hurtle into the AIR , trip over joaquin who 's crouched in a ball . the guard hit the floor hard , skid into the wall where he 's knocked unconscious . joaquin steal he keys and sneak past the argue man , into ... «+. the cell block . move past steel door , he stop at the last one and turn the key . alejandro emerge -- alejandro you be a genius , joaquin -- but I hever want to catch you break anyone out of jail again , alright ?! joaquin there be guard up front -- alejandro we ’1ll sneak out the back -- in the corridor , the unconscious guard wake , get he bearing , race off -- in the cell block , as joaquin and alejandro head out the back , the three guard appear cut they off , sword draw . think fast , alejandro hook a arm around joaguin 's neck , pretend to hold he hostage : alejandro ah- ah ! stay back or I ’1l1 wring the kid 's neck ! joaquin help I ! I be too young to die ! I have get my whole life ahead of I ! jailer ( beat , then , to he man ) ++. kill en . and they charge , but alejandro knuckle - stab the first guard 's windpipe -- spin swiping the second guard 's foot out from under he , then punch out the third , catch he sword mid-air . alejandro turn back to joaquin ... : ari i a + his father 's just become the coolest man in the whole , wide world -- 99 100 90 . joaquin where have you learn to do that ? alejandro prison change aman , Son . let 's go . and they nre off -- ext . armand 's hacienda - the ground ~ night 99 Elena push through grape vine . down the road , she see a line of carriage draw toward the vineyard . mysterious servant exit wield lantern for they master : men in cloak , they eerie face blanch in the moonlight . they be meet at the entrance by guard . as they enter , Elena emerge from shadow , cautious ... and below she breath : elena where be you , alejandro ? int . mission santa lucia - night 100 the door fly OPEN , alejandro and joaquin rush in -- alejandro padre ! felipe ! felipe emerge urgently from he study : fray felipe alejandro , what be it -- ?! alejandro I need you to watch joaquin for I —~ alejandro kneel down , and with a wonderful grin : alejandro thank you , mijo ... you be my hero . they hug tight . felipe watch , smile , then ... fray felipe come , nifio . joaquin papi -- ( alejandro turn ) ( more ) 101 102 91 . joaquin ( cont would ) I meet Zorro . he tell I you nre friend . alejandro wink , put a finger to he lip : shh . as felipe lead joaquin off , alejandro tear back the confessional curtain -- ext . deserted alleyway - night 101 Zorro and tornado leap over the plank that warn trespasper : danger : condemned ! | int . winery - corridor -— continuous 102 Elena sneak in the load dock , watch as the cloak man be lead by a guard past six massive ( but empty ) wine vat line with maintenance ladder . the ladder connect over the top of the vat , form a criss-crossing network . the man be bring to a wall of stacked barrel -- the guard touch one at its center and the barrel swing OPEN : a secret door . the man pass through , the guard remain behind as the ' door 's close . Elena scan for the other guard : there be two atation by the main entrance , one more guard the coaches outside . she duck into shadow ... the guard by the barrel hear a ' past . 's brow furrow , he move around the nearest vat ... from the darkness , Elena smashes he in the face with a wooden paddle . he tumble back , crashing againat a stack of metal bucket . the noise alert the other guard -- they fan out -- two of they find they unconscious comrade and look around , bewilder -- angle up to reveal elena on top of the vat , hold the down guard 's pistol and sword . as she turn , she 's confronted by the third guard on the ladder behind she , he gun raise ~~ guard -- drop it -- a moment of defeat , Elena begin to lower the gun ... then pull the trigger shatter the ladder the guard 's stand on -- he plunge into the empty vat as the guard below look up and see Elena racing along the ladder ... 92 . climb to block her off at both end , they attack : a_ furious swordfight on the ladder , Elena match they blow - for-blow -- they drive she toward the edge and she jump , sliding down a pipe to the floor . in so do , she lose her sword . and the guard be there , move in for the kill ... until a whistle snap they around : Zorro . he wink , they charge ~- but_he turng and run . lead they out the entrance , he jump on tornado whose hoof spring out -- the guard be hurtle back where they land , unconscious , at Elena 's foot . alejandro move to embrace she , but she reach out to stop he -- elena you ask if I believe we be mean to be together . ( beat ) the truth be , alejandro ... we could not be more wrong for each other . with that , she grab he furiously and they kiss , famish e t , all other consideration suddenly gone : alejandro I love you -- elena -- I love you too ... this last three month have be hell without you ~- alejandro -~ every time I see you , all I want be to hold you -- they kiss deeper , then he pull back with sudden urgency : alejandro I know about the pinkerton -- elena ~- how ?! alejandro it do not matter , I should have listen -~ elena you do , to you heart -- 103 93. alejandro ~- but I be wrong , you be force into this because of I -- elena no , I be wrong -- all I ever want be to protect we family -- alejandro I too -— elena -- we can not do it by run -- alejandro -- I promise we have grow old together on the veranda , that 's all that mattera -- elena -- and we will ... but we have to fight for it . t that 's who we be . it 's who we son be . he look at she , surprised . there 's passion in she face -- elena now let 's go kick armand 's ass . ext . winery - courtyard ~ night 103 close - armand : armand ' orbis unum , 's my Brothers . and we widen to reveal the cloak men , sit in stone chair around a table . they repeat in tandem : '' orbis unum . '' stand behind armand be colonel beauregard . in the center of the floor be the serpent and globe crest of the teutonic knight . we pan to a door lead to the courtyard , close in on a barred window , behind which ... elena and alejandro rise up , they eye peer out ... armand for generation , the teutonic Knights have lead Europe in its supremacy over the globe . now we face a rise power prophesied by we ancestor five hundred year ago ... America . ( more ) 94 . armand ( cont have ) unless we act swiftly , all of Europe will soon be a e afterthought . alejandro and Elena react . armand begin circle the table : armand this country have one glaring weakness : its people be divide by north and south . talk of a civil war be far more dire than anyone truly know . it be ... inevitable , gentlemen . the only question be , who will claim victory ? ( beat ) we will answer that by employ the newest weapon of the modern age , a compound thirteen time more powerful than gunpowder : he open a SMALL BOX . on a inset of velvet be a vial fill with clear liquid . armand holde it like a egg ... armand ..- nitroglycerin . for month , this vineyard have be a cover for ite manufacturing . e@ the knight lean in , amaze . armand gesture -- armand with the help of we confederate ally , Colonel beauregard , we ’1ll begin regular shipment to the Southern army -- assure they victory . America will not stand a chance in hell -- and I do mean hell -- of remain united . ( beat ) the end result , gentlemen , ia this : the Central bank of Austria and hungary will take possession of the country 's foreclosure . Baron Leopold , you will regain control of the steel market you lose to Pennsylvania ... while arch Duke wilhelm will reacquire New England 's shipping lane . applause , except for one of the knight -- lord dillingham : a british face , meticulously sculpt beard . 95 . lord dillingham and what do you gain from this , Count ? armand why , the most valuable commodity of all ... ten percent off the top . laughter , but dillingham appear grave . he rise ... lord dillingham Brothers , you know my spirit be with you , but we risk antagonize a sleep giant if we fail ... I will see myself out . dillingham head off . armand look defeat ... then hurl the vial at dillingham , blowing he to smithereen . alejandro and Elena duck as smoke roil through the bar overhead . the knight stare , wide - eye , as the smoke clear ... armand any further objection ? ... good , now if you have be kind enough to follow I . he triggers a lever , and the crest on the floor rotate , revealing a spiralling staircase lead underground . as the knight disappear down the stair , alejandro and Elena watch -- hushed whisper : alejandro you know , you boyfriend 's a little psychotic . elena stop call he my boyfriend . alejandro then why be you still wear he necklace ? elena I be undercover ! ( then , simply ) besides , this be black pearl . alejandro I be there , remember ? a little flashy jewelry and you throw yourself at he like a baboon in heat -- 104 96 . elena you be unbelievable ! I be try to keep he from see yout ! alejandro do not turn this around , I be there to help -- elena with help like that , I '11 end up have three kid with he ! they be so engross in they banter , only now do they realize the crest be rotate back into place . they exchange a ‘oh , shit 's glance then race out from behind the door and slip through the hole ... just as it close . int . mission santa lucia - night 104 felipe and joaquin kneel by the votive candle . light one . fray felipe kneel beside I , joaquin . let ua pray for the safety of you mother and father . a sudden gust of wind extinguish the candle . jake mcgiven step into the light with that awful toothy grin . his man fan out . felipe keep joaquin close -- fray felipe unless you nve come to confess , you have no business here . mcgiven funny you should mention confession , padre ... since you be oblige to keep the secret of you flock , maybe you can help I put a name to a face -- more particularly , to a mask . ( beat ) who ... be ... Zorro ? they eye contact hold ... and hold ... fray felipe you know Zorro ... he could be anyone at all . 97 . mcgiven approach , finger the crucifix necklace around felipe 's neck -~ then reach inside he own coat , we presume , for a weapon . to we surprise , he pull out he own crucifix necklace : mcgiven see now , padre ? we be both man of God ... you can tell I ... posse member hey , boss -- mcgiven turn . one of he man have find the bottle of wine on the altar that Zorro steal . mcgiven turn to felipe : mcgiven the Lord hate a liar . fray felipe ++. alright . i1 x11 tell you . and in a surprise move , he upend a candelabra and smashes it against mcgiven 's head -- felipe shout to joaquin : fray felipe run ! ! joaquin bolt for the door as felipe swing the candelabra at two of the man , knock they back -- he 's one hell of a fighter -- he spin -- and bang : felipe freeze , eye wide , stare at the barrel of mcgiven 's smoking gun . his look track down , to a hole in he frock : fray felipe oh ... God ... he fall to he knee . joaquin skid to a stop and scream : joaquin felipeyoukilledfelipe ! mcgiven shut he up and put he in the wagon ! a hand be cup over joaquin 's mouth as he 's drag off . mcgiven stare at the dead padre on the floor , then up at the cross hang above the altar . quickly , he exit . 105 98. int . manufactory - night 105 torchlight precede armand as he lead the knight to the bottom of the spiralling staircase ... armand behold , my brother : I give you ... the future . ae we pull back for the reveal a_ 19th century munition factory ! through swirling steam , armed guard monitor worker , in saucer hat , as they siphon nitro inte a steam - power assembly line of bottle . the bottle be seal and pack into crate . the crate be then load onto a rolling flatbed , which be push down the length of ... 's train ! as armand lead the knight deeper into the factory , Elena and alejandro appear at the entrance , take cover behind crate fill with empty bottle . a worker head toward they . as he reach for a crate , we go ... close on he face as he suddenly wince in pain , fall to he knee -- a look familiar to a man who 's just be kick in the ball , which , in fact , he have . as he drop from frame , he saucer hat stays in place , balanced on the edge of two crate . a beat ... then zorro 's pace rise into frame , the hat now on he head . another angle - moving with armand and the knight as he lead they through the factory ... armand this track have be connect to California 's main line , allow for a continuous supply of nitro to the southern battlefront . although I all be return to Europe shortly , ferrog will remain to overgee the operation . he stop a passing worker carry a crate -- pull out a empty bottle , to explain ... armand the nitro 's 's be conceal within this bottle to circumvent any pry northern patrol . 106 99 . archduke wilhem God help they if they want a taste ... laughter from the man , armand put the bottle back in the crate . as the worker move off , we glimpse he face under the hat : it's zorro . ferroq approach armand , concerned -- ferroq a urgent matter require you attention at the Hacienda , master . armand «+. gentlemen , the colonel will lead you through the rest of the facility . if you will excuse I ? he follow ferrog out through the archway , passing elena as she crouch low behind the crate . Zorro return urgently -- alejandro he 's go back to the Hacienda -- elena ( urgent panic ) I have to get back before he do -- alejandro go , I nil keep the train from leave -- elena 's + . Te amo . alejandro siempre . they kiss fiercely , then separate . alejandro 's heart aches watch she go ... then he turn back to the train , a new determination in he eye . ext . vineyard - night 106 Elena emerge , see armand 's carriage head toward the Hacienda . she bolt through the vineyard after it -- 107 108 109 100 . int . the manufactory - night 107 Colonel beauregard lead the knight along . they watch as the crate be lift from the roll flatbe and carry into the cargo car , where they be place on suspended platform rig to pneumatic pipe : colonel beauregard as you can see , the Count 's retrofitted the carriage to insure the nitro will not detonate prematurely ... as they move on , we hold on the flatbe as a worker push it off , revealing ... zorro lying there on the track ( he be hide beneath the flatbe ) . unnotice , he hop into : int . nitro car / ext . track beneath car - continuous 108 very carefully , he pries open a crate afd remove a bottle filled with nitro . grabbing a roll of fuse cord , he open a maintenance door on the floor of the car and slip down ... ++. onto the track beneath the cargo car . crawl along , he make he way toward the locomotive with the bottle and cord . a blast of steam explode inches from he face ~- he nearly drop the bottle -~ close call -- move on , he duck into shadow as a burly wood stoker load wood into the furnace . and Zorro build a timebomb , slinging one end of the fuse cord over a pipe , then tie it around the tip of the bottle . carefully let go , the bottle hang there . the idea ia this : once the cord dissolves away , the bottle will fall and explode . move fast down the train tunnel , Zorro unspool the fuse to ignite the cord from a safe distance . ext . vineyard ~ the grape vine - continuous 109 Elena run through the vine . in a moment of frenzy , she trip . pick herself up , she 's strike by a low growl -- the two guard dog be stare at she , off they chain . Elena run faster than hell toward the Hacienda , the dog tear after she -- up ahead , armand enter the Hacienda . Elena 's almost at the parlor window , but the dog be snapping at her heel ~~ 110 111 112 101 . int . armand 's hacienda - hallway - continuous 110 armand walk a determine course toward the parlor , ferrog follow . he push open the door to find : int . armand 's hacienda - the parlor - continuous 111 elena , stand by the close window , the two dog leaping into view and barking wildly . she turn , obviously breathless , but cover with : elena goodness , I must have doze off when the dog startle I ... armand ( face dark ) perhaps they think you be someone you be not . he gesture a hand to the dog at the window . they whimper and depart . armand 's face be stone . unreadable . armand I be tell you arrive early . elena I could not wait . armand I be have a special meal prepare . I hope you be hungry . elena «-. famish . int . armand 's hacienda ~- dine room - night 112 Marie place a silver tray in front of Elena and lift off the dome revealing , we presume , quail . now Elena notice , oddly , he have not be give anything to eat . ' elena thank you , Marie . Marie glare , then go . armand , too , stare at Elena with grim resolve . she begin cut she food , feel tense . elena be not you hungry ? 102 . armand have I ever tell you the story of how my parent fall in love ? elena «-- not that I recall ... armand my father be a soldier in the peninsular campaign . when he be send to capture Lisbon , he become enamor of a local maiden ... who , of course , want nothing to do with a conquer soldier . so my father take she to he estate ... and lock she in a room . ( low , menace ) for three year . and when my father finally let my mother out ... she be desperate to accept he hand in marriage . elena ( nervous , take a bite ) +--+ how romantic . armand tasty , be it ? elena it 's ... unusual . be it quail ? armand «+. pigeon . elena sees the silver carrier band around the bird 's charree leg ! her face fall and she bolt from she chair , into -- 113 int . armand 's chateau - kitchen - continuous 113 search wildly for a way out , Elena try doorknob -- they be all lock -- then , one turn in she hand -- she fling it open to find ... a meat freezer , and hanging beside slab of beef be the dead pinkerton agent ! ferroq clamp a fist around Elena 's neck and pin her to the wall . armand approach , acidic : 103 . armand I be tell there be a traitor in my own home , but I do not want to believe it be you ... you have break my heart , Elena . he rip the pearl necklace from she throat , the pearl fly apart . Elena glare at he , eye full of hate : elena do you actually think I have be sweep off my foot by a sadistic coward like you ?! armand I think you be a woman of vision . elena I can barely stomach the sight of you , armand ! the only way I could stand you touch waa by imagine you be alejandro ! that have its intend effect , stabbing he heart . but he have make another connection : armand yes ... alejandro , you peasant husband . tell I , when you fantasize about he ... do you imagine he wear a mask ? Elena 's face go cold with fear . then , the sound of someone coming from around the corner -- mcgiven drag joaquin into view . Elena gasp , joaquin tear free and throw he arm around he mother ; she pull he close for dear life : mcgiven the padre would not talk . the kid 's a witness . joaquin I be sorry , mama -- elena ~- shhh , it 's okay , mi amor -- Elena pull joaquin closer , a lioness protect she cub -- 114 115 @.. 117 104 . ext . the vineyard - railroad tunnel exit point - night 114 Zorro emerge unspool the fuse . he slice off the tip and whistle : tornado gallop in from the treeline . alejandro strike a match , the fuse begin to burn down the tunnel ... leap into the saddle , alejandro see a cyclops lantern light appear down the road : a coach be approach from the Hacienda . Zorro veer tornado into the grape vine as the coach pass . ferroq be at the rein , mcgiven ride alongside . alejandro 's eye narrow , watch as the coach stop at the '' winery '' entrance . armand exit first , follow by : elena and joaquin , who be push out by ferroq . he shove they forward , follow armand into the winery ! zorro 's eye widen with SHOCK , realizing what 's about to happen : zorro -- nonononononono -- int . railroad tunnel leading from manufactory - night 115 ext . vineyard - continuous 116 zorro gallop back toward the mouth of the tunnel -- ext . courtyard - continuous 117 armand walk briskly , ferrog and mcgiven push Elena and joaguin after he . armand triggers the secret entrance ... armand pity I have attract the attention of Federal Agents , we will be force to take we leave for Europe sooner than expect . elena what make you think we nre go with you ? armand what make you think you have a choice ? and he push they down into the underground staircase -- 118 119 120 121 105 . int . tunnel leading to manufactory - continuous 118 in the shadowy train tunnel , the burly wood stoker stop to take a leak . unbeknownst to he , he 's leave a pool of pee on the fuse alejandro 's tuck against the track ... int . mouth of train tunnel - continuous 119 Zorro race on tornado to cut the fuse -- int . tunnel leading to manufactory - continuous 120 the Stoker zip up , stop ... notice the fuse against the track . alert , he begin to follow it down the track -- int . further down the tunnel - continuous 121 the burning fuse round a corner . in the distance , activity in the manufactory become visible ... zorro surge forward on tornado , he face taut with effort ... i i it ... but a shovel swing through the AIR catapult he from the saddle ! the Wood Stoker step from shadow , hold he shovel . tornado heel around gallop back down the tunnel . alejandro scramble up : zorro estupido ! get back here ! the guy toss the shovel aside , levelling he fist : zorro trust I , this be a very bad time -- the burning fuse shoot past they -- Zorro dive for it , but the Stoker thump he down -- in the manufactory : armand enter , ferroq and mcgiven push Elena and joaquin onward ... in the tunnel : Zorro 's get the hell beat out of he -- sees the fuse move toward the locomotive , manage to break away only to be tackled by the Stoker , Zorro 's hand just out of reach of the fuse as it streak on -~ and it 's too late , be 's of e " tc i eee except to he surprise , the fuse suddenly fiz2le ... have run into the Stoker 's pool of pee . 106 . Zorro attack with renew vigor ~- the Stoker grab a torch , swing wildly at Zorro who deflect , smashing the torch from he hand -- it land ... re-igniting the goddamn fuse ! in the manufactory : armand stop to confer with beauregard ... armand we will rendez-vous at clanton 's pass , you and you man can assume control of the train there . a mutual nod , then beauregard exit and armand move on ~~ in the tunnel : zorro 's face slam into a pulley and chain , dangle from a steel girder that reinforce the tunnel wall . the Stoker noose the chain around Zorro 's neck , he eye pop , choke , finger reach desperately for he sword -- the fuse be near the hang bottle by the engine ~- Zorro rocket the sword handle backward into the stoker ’'s gut . the Stoker double over , the chain uncoil and Zorro drop ... he lash he sword severing the chain , the steel pulley falling hard onto the stoker 's head and knocking he out cold . in a blur , Zorro 's leave the frame -- by the passenger car , armand pause to bow to he fellow knight : armand until we meet again in Europe , gentlemen -- au revoir . suddenly : zorro leap from the tunnel next to the locomotive , diving for the fuse as it reach the hanging bottle -- and in slow motion , the bottle drop -- falling toward the ground ~-- centimeter before it hit , zorro catch it as he land . mcgiven draw he pistol and fire , the bullet ricochett off the locomotive and sparking near the bottle in Zorro 's hand . armand stop mcgiven before he fire again : armand you fool , you'll kill US all ! he move to Zorro , there on the ground , hold the bottle . armand «+ . if you please ? armand gesture for the bottle . a guard have a gun to elena 's E er a U ; 1 's cent blade . 107 . Zorro react , eye fierce , trap . rising , no choice , he hand the bottle to armand , who set it on a crate ... armand +e» merci. ( beat ) you sword . Zorro toss it to the ground with a clank . armand signal to mcgiven , who slug Zorro in the gut then bind he hand . armand «-- remove he mask . zorro look up from behind the mask . his eye meet Elena 's . her 's be tear-streaked . joaquin stand there , unaware he 's about to live through the great shock of he life . finally , mcgiven rip off the mask exposing alejandro 's face mcgiven you ... and we push in on joaquin as the revelation stun he ... joaquin ( finally , a whisper ) -e. papi ? alejandro it 's alright , nifio ... joaquin stare back , reeling . alejandro growl ... alejandro no matter where you go , armand ... whatever you do ... the world be not big enough to hide from I . armand ( touch Elena 's cheek ) I can not blame you for loving she ... in spite of everything , so do I . Elena recoil at he touch . alejandro 's eye be searing ... armand Goodbye , De La vega . he cut a look to mcgiven , who draw he bowie knife and loops it around alejandro 's neck . joaquin scream '' papa ! '' -- elena armand ! 122 123 108 . her eye be begging he : haye mercy ... and after a beat : armand out of respect for the love we may still share , Elena , I ‘’1l spare you son from see this . he throws Elena into the train . ferrog drag joaquin in , kicking and scream . armand board , say to mcgiven : armand as soon as we be go ... imply : kill he . mcgiven tip he hat . the whistle blast as the train begin its journey down the tunnel ... angle through the window of the passenger car alejandro 's eye meet he wife and son' . a soulrbreathe look from Elena . tear streak down joaquin 's face as he bang on the window desperately , the train bear they away . a fist lash across alejandro 's chin . he topple on he side , still bound , unable to fight back as mcgiven circle : mcgiven I send you out a sheep amidst the wolf ... ext . railroad tunnel exit point - dawn 122 the air reverberate with a wild shriek as the munition train burst from the tunnel , smoke roll from its stack . the train car wipe through shot , to reveal ... a mysterious rider , astride tornado , gallop toward the tunnel mouth ... int . the manufactory -— continuous 123 mcgiven stab he knee into alejandro 's chest , pin he to the ground -- he raise he bowie knife : mcgiven shame about you friend , the padre . he die with God 's name on he lip ... and a bullet in he heart . ( beat ) you be about to join he . zorro you first -- 124 109 . he rocket a knee into mcgiven 's ball and spring off the floor -~ a guard swing a sword but Zorro raise he arm and the blade slice the bind from he wrist -- he kick the guard in the gut , pluck the sword mid-air , and use the tip , snatch up he mask . he tie it on and whip around : zorro let 's try that again ... the rest of the quard attack ! Zorro spin like a dervish -- engage all of they simultaneously . mcgiven peel himself up -- screw it ~- grab he gun and just before he fire ... y felipe ches him : fto ) D. shes into . mcgiven , knocking they both to the ground . and felipe start to beat the holy hell out of mcgiven -- lab station tumble , knock over beaker and a FIRE start ... the knight , the guard , start fleeing for the exit . felipe hurl mcgiven against a wall -- as he bounce off , Zorro cut a '' Z '' into he cheek : zorro that be for guillermo cortez -- mcgiven touch a finger to he bloody cheek , then hurl himself forward -~ they topple through the flame as ... Zerre grab a wrench and swing it at mcgiven 's face with such force that he wooden denture fly from he mouth , tow ; T ottle ©) itro in the crat : alejandro and felipe leap onto tornado , spurring he down the tunnel as the denture knock the bottle off the crate ! it fall and crack ... incinerating in a nitroglycerin shockwave . mcgiven bellows : mcgiven deliver I from the fire of he ~ - but he do not get to finish that sentence because he disintegrate into ash as the fire engulf he —- int . railroad tunnel - continuous 124 Zorro and felipe gallop full - tilt down the track as the river . of FIRE barrel in behind they . it tease the hair on tornado 's tail -- the horse surge forward in a burst of adrenaline , Zorro riding hard , almost there -~ and finally : 125 126 127 128 110 . ext . railroad tunnel exit point - dawn 125 Zorro , felipe , and tornado burst from the tunnel as the wall of flame billow into the air behind they . Zorro rear tornado to a stop . felipe hop off -- zorro thank God you be alive ! fray felipe -+. I already have . from under he frock , felipe pull out he crucifix necklace , in which , we see embed , mcgiven ' bullet . fray felipe forgive I , alejandro , I could not protect joaquin -- zorro listen : get to the marshal 's office , tell they what armand 's do here ~- fray felipe where be you go ? zorro «+ . to catch a train . with a spur to tornado 's hide , he gallop off down the track - ~ ext . california landscape ~ day 126 armand 's train blast by we , smoke roiling from its stack ... int . nitro transport boxcar - moving ~ continuous 127 nitro-filled crate rock gently on platform auspend from the ceiling . armand move through he arsenal , gloat ... int . passenger car - moving - continuous 128 Elena and joaquin sit under ferroq 's watchful eye . armand enter , check he pocket watch , say to ferroq : armand in twenty minute we will meet beauregard at clanton 's pass . ( more ) 129 130 131 111 . armand ( cont would ) ( indicate Elena and joaquin ) a carriage will take we to the dock from there . ferrog nod . Elena just sit , arm around she son , glaring . armand I can learn to forgive you , Elena ... but you have to meet I halfway . elena understand something : I will never love you . armand cup joaquin 's chin in he hand ... armand for you son 's sake , you may want to change you mind . joaquin «+ . I can not wait ' till my dad kick you ass . armand smile dismissively . turn to the window , its shade roll down . he pull and it snap up , revealing ... the face of zorro , galloping at full speed alongside the train ! he fist crash through the glass , knocking armand back against the wall ! ext . armand 's train - moving - continuous 129 Zorro race alongside the train ... joaquin pop out the window , lift he arm to the heaven in a victorious cheer ! he 's quickly suck back inside as ... int . passenger car -— moving - continuous 130 ferrog hurl he into a seat . Elena move to defend she son but ching : ferrog 's claw blade be suddenly under she chin . armand stagger up , he eye meeting Elena 's . her 's be say : you be dead ... ext . locomotive - tender car - continuous 131 on the tender car , the Stoker who fight Zorro earlier be gather wood for the lecomotive . 132 133 134 135 136 112 . he sees zorro gallop alongside the train . snarl , he start hurling wood at Zorro who duck , then catch a piece mid - AIR -- int . passenger car - moving ~ continuous 132 armand lash a sword belt around he waist , ready to fight -- ext , locomotive flatbed / wood tender car - moving - continugus on the tender car be a huge log . the Stoker lift it up . the locomotive engineer see Zorro and reach for a rifle . as the Stoker get ready to hurl the log at Zorro , Zorro throws the piece of wood , hitting the Stoker who stagger back , drop the log , which crash down on the engineer before he can fire -- he 's flung into the accelerator lever -~ the locomotive 's huge cylinder cycle furiously up and down , gain momentum as the train rocket forward -- flung forward by the force of the acceleration , the Stoker fall off the tender car and crash to the ground where he 's nearly trampled under tornado 's hoof -- int , passenger car - moving - continuous 134 armand fight for balance as the train surge ; so do joaquin , Elena , and ferrog . armand shout to nearby guard : armand gol ! int . nitro transport boxcar - moving ~ continuous 135 chain rattling , the nitro crate sway with the accelerate train . a shovel against the wall pitch forward ... ext . armand 's train - moving with zorro - continuous 136 Zorro , gallop on tornado , reach for a handle on the side of the train but it 's moving too fast now -- and to make matter worse , up ahead be a incline ... Zorro spur tornado straight up it . guard appear on the passenger car 's rear platform , firing at Zorro -~ he duck as bullet whiz past he head ~- up ahead , the incline turn into a cliff ! eye determine , Zorro crack the rein increase speed until ... 137 138 139 140 141 142 113 . horse and rider leap straight off the cliff ! they land , perfectly , 0 ) of . E nv : t int . passenger car ~- moving - continuous 137 armand look up hearing footfalls overhead . he unholster a pistol and begin firing through the roof -- ext . roof of passenger car - moving - continuous 138 bullet blast through the roof , inches from tornado 's hoove ! and ag if this be not enough , the train curve around a hairpin ridge head into a tunnel ! suddenly , zorron about Z inst the untain ! like lightning , he pivot tornado toward the cattle car , but because the train 's move so fast in the opposite direction they be literally galloping in place from boxcar to boxcar ~- finally they leap through a skylight on the roof of the cattle car , rip the canvas apart , disappear into the train just as it 's suck into the tunnel -- int . cattle car - moving - continuous 139 Zorro and tornado crash to the ground . as they regain they bearing , tornado 's head turn to Zorro and snort in anger : zorro ( beat , understate casual ) ++. what ? int . caboose - moving -— continuous 140 two more guard look up , have hear the crash through the roof . sling rifle , they exit through the divider door -- ext . desert landscape - continuous 141 the train blast from the tunnel into open desert again ... int . cattle car - moving - continuous 142 through a window , Zorro see the guard climb to the roof . he leap onto the saddle and spur tornado -- the horse buck : flipping he through the skylight back onto the roof -- 143 @ 144 114 . ext . boxcar rooftop - moving - continuous 143 the guard climb onto the roof , only to find the skylight 's 's shred canvas flap in the wind . below that be tornado , stare up at they with a snort ... guard # 1 how have he get down there ?! guard # 2 I do not know ... zorro ( 0.s. ) he must be a very brave man . they turn : Zorro knock they through the skylight into the cattle car . they crash under tornado 's rear hoof , out cold . Zorro race along the rooftop toward armand 's carriage ... int . passenger car - moving - continuous 144 armand , rabid , grab joaquin : armand let 's find out how much you father truly love you -- Elena scream no but ferrog press he blade to she throat -- suddenly : the skylight above explode , glass raining down as zorro crash in , hurtle into armand , they skid across the floor and joaquin go free -- seize the moment , elena crack ferroqn windpipe , then send he skid in a flurry of kick and punch . joaquin , mouth agape , stare at he mother in amazement : joaquin Way to go , Mom ... she grab he hand and they bolt out the door . ferrog go to help armand but armand scream : armand get the Boy !! ferroq race after Elena and joaquin . armand rise to face zorro , whose eye burn like the grim reaper . they draw they sword , mirrore surface reflect sunlight ... 145 146 115 . zorro I have already ask God 's forgiveness for kill you . armand when you see he , tell he you speak too soon -- and they go ballistic , blade sparking as they meet -- int . nitro boxcar - moving - continuous 145 Elena and joaquin race through the crate of nitro . joaquin , for the first time experience real danger , be scared to death . Elena hurl open the back door , lead he out to ... ext , divider platform - moving - continuous 146 +.. the divider platform link the nitro car to the cattle car . scenery race past in a blur . Elena gesture onward to the cattle car , shout against the wind : elena I want you to keep go !! joaquin what be you do ?! elena when the car stop , get off the train and follow the track back to town ! joaquin -~ I be scared !! and with one look , she 's tell he how much she love he : elena you be the son of Zorro ! you can do it ! okiss he fiercely ) go! she urge he onto the cattle car platform , then reach for the linchpin connect the car . she pull it ... mother and son lock eye . Elena reach up towards he , they two hand almost touch before the car separate , joaquin slow as Elena continue on . 147 148 149 116 . a last look , then joaquin disappear into the cattle car ... int . cattle car ~ moving - continuous 147 he enter , surprised to find tornado , who whinny hello -- joaquin how would you get in here ?! i/e . passenger car / lumber car / locomotive - continuous 148 zorro and armand : armand 's a Olympic swordeman but Zorro manage to slash he chest . armand 's shirt rip open , he chest begin to bleed red with the MARK of a '' Z " ... zorro so the devil will know who send you -- armand charge in fury , they sword lock , in a surge of power , armand rear Zorro back -- he tumble out onto : the coupling linking the passenger car to the tender car the ground race by at frightening speed below Zorro 's head . armand attack , Zorro parry but he 's at a disadvantage and armand knock he sword away -- it land on the tender car -- armand clamp a boot on Zorro 's arm and raise he sword for the kill -- armand au revoir , De La vega ! Zorro grab a steel pin off the coupling and smashes it across armand 's foot . armand scream , hurtle back into the passenger car . Zorro climb onto the tender car , grab he sword . armand follow ... int . nitro boxcar - moving - continuous 149 Dark . ferrog enter , claw - blade at the ready . he take a few step then stop , sense something . turn -~- a shovel be mid - swing : Elena whack ferrog in the face . he crash back . she keep swinging until he hook the shovel with he claw and pull , hurling she over he head into the wall . ferrog rise . Elena rise . a second blade snap from ferrog 's other sleeve . he’s got two ! and he spin at she , Elena ducking as ferroqg 's blade slice into one of the wooden crate , itti i e : i i ottle -- 150 @o : 152 dis . one of he blade sever a chain on the platform -- it teeters and the nitro - filled crate slide toward the edge -- at the last second , they pull taut , hold in place by chain : ext . desert landscape ~- continuous i50 the middle of nowhere . slowly , the cattle car and caboose slide into frame and stop . a cargo door open and joaquin hop out . see the train in the distance , chugge onward . joaquin «+ . this suck . tornado whinny he agreement . joaquin ' follow the track to town 's she gay ... ' you be the son of Zorro , 's she say ... ( Light bulb ) wait a minute ... I be the son of Zorro . hard CUT to : ext . desert landscape - day 151 joaquin , astride tornado , leap from the cattle car . scream with glee , he ride after the train at a full gallop ! ext . armand 's train - aerial shot over train - continuous 152 soaring over the train as armand and Zorro 's sword fight continue : armand swinging from the wood tender , Zorro parry from the locomotive rooftop -- he flip over armand 's head , landing on the wood behind armand . a stray plank spin through the air knock armand off the tender , where he crash to the floor of the locomotive cab . struggle to he foot , he look up to see ... zorrom boot fly into he face . armand 's hurty back , crashing to the floor again and landing next to the unconscious engineer ... and the engineer 's rifle . i53 154 155 156 157 lile . ext . locomotive - rooftop - moving - continuous 153 leap onto the front barrel of the locomotive , Zorro peer into one of the flatbe 's two window look for armand . he be not there . Zorro look through the second window ... only to find himself stare into the rifle barrel -- armand fire , a bullet tearing through Zorro 's shoulder ! he 's flung back , he sword falling beneath the locomotive 's wheel where it 's crushed . Zorro fall with it , manage at the last possible second to grab onto a guard rail ... int . nitro boxcar ~ moving - continuous 154 ferrog slam Elena against the wall and lock her there with one of he blade . dripping menace , he slowly drag the other blade across her cheek , draw blood . she cry out . he rear back for the kill but she duck , he hand slashing through one of the pneumatic pipe : compressed steam explode out scald he face ! he recoil , scream -~ ext . locomotive - continuous 155 Zorro hang from the guard rail by he good arm , foot dangle inch above the massive steel cylinder as they pump up and down . he struggle to pull himself up , but he 's lose he grip against the pummeling wind -- up ahead , he see clanton' pass : a group of men wait there ... ext . clanton 's pass - continuous 156 colonel beauregard , by a wait stagecoach , watch slack - jaw as armand 's driverless train blast toward he , Zorro dangle off the side ... int . nitro boxcar / ext . clanton 's pass - moving - continucley ferrog emerge through the smoke , snarling , he face raw-re like a demon . Elena retreat through the dense mist but she 's back against a wall -- she reach into a open crate and grab a bottle of nitro , hold it up like a shield ! ferrog freeze , the blade inch from Elena -- 158 159 160 161 162 lly . elena catch ! and she toss the bottle at he ! with a gasp , ferroq catch it -- that 's when Elena knee he in the nut -- he drop the bottle , now she catch it -- and as ferrog 's double over in pain , elena stuff the bottle down the back of he pant : elena drink be on I -- so say , she kick ferroq out the cargo door -- he fly into open air , right at : ext . clanton 's pass — continuous 158 colonel beauregard , who scream as ferroq drop in front of he at a hundre mile a hour ... and they both detonate ! the stagecoach be blow to smithereen , wheel and axle flying . debris smashes into a track divider , it jostle forward and : ext . railroad track - moving - continuous 159 the track shift , armand 's train now changing course -- ext . locomotive - moving - continuous 160 the force of the explosion hurtle Zorro back up onto the locomotive barrel , the track ahead veer a new course ... ext . nitro boxcar - moving ~ continuous 161 Elena grab a handrail , steadying herself as the train shift . all around she , like a time bomb , the nitro sways ... ext . bear point historic site - day 162 the statehood celebration : beneath the California flag , Governor riley address a crowd of happy peasant from a stationary caboose platform . a young , well dress congressman stand beside he . Guards scan for trouble ... 163 164 @... 166 120 . governor riley today , the flag of California be join by the star and stripe of the american flag , symbolize the hope and freedom of a united nation ... ext . hilltop - continuous 163 on a hilltop above the track , joaquin gallop to a stop with tornado . in the distance , he see armand 's train thunder onward . his Pov whip over to see ... the statehood celebration on the same track as armandn train ! search desperately , joaquin spot something else we do not see . spurring tornado , they race off again -- ext . lumber car / locomotive - continuous 164 Zorro stagger to he foot on the front of the locomotive , he gunshot arm bleed heavily . when he turn , armand be there slashing at he , dement -- ext . desert - hillside ~- continuous 165 joaguin gallop at full speed down the hill -- ext . bear point historic site - continuous 166 Governor riley gesture to the Young Congressman stand beside he : governor riley and now , with the ratification of this document before we honore Congressman from Washington , California officially asaume all rights and responsibility bestow upon the United States of America ... wild applause . the proud face of the people . the Governor lean in to sign a document , when suddenly the track begin to rumble . the peasant peer ahead to see armandn train barrel toward they in the distance -- 167 168 169 170 171 172 121. ext . locomotive - moving - continuous 167 weaponless , Zorro dodge armand 's blade and manage to get the upper hand : grab armand 's head , he smashes it against the smoke stack then hurl armand against the guard rail . armand lose he sword , it tumble over the train . he head - butt Zorro who stagger backward . they grab each other in a chokehold , face inch apart , eye glaring hate -- ext . bear point historic site - continuous 168 the train close its half - mile distance at incredible speed . the peasant start scream in terror , running in panic -- ext . hillside - continuous 169 joaquin rear tornado in front of a small maintenance shack , beside which be another track divider . leap from the saddle , joaquin pull with all he might to wrench the divider forward ... but it will not budge ! ext . locomotive - moving - continuous 170 Zorro and armand punch the live hell out of each other , pause only instantly to look up and see the governor 's stationary train and flee peasant up ahead -- ext . hillside - continuous 171 joaquin keep pull on the track divider but finally tumble back -- he can not do it . grabbing a hammer from the maintenance shed , he start whack at it ... but the hammer handle break off ! armand' train barrel closer to the stationary train , we 're talking a matter of yard now -~ finally tornado rear up , he front hoove knocking the divider forward and -- ext . track - continuous 172 tr I ) 's N erin ff fore T ) ! 174 175 176 lice ext . locomotive - moving - continuous 173 no time for relief : armand reach for a knife in he boot and swing it at Zorro who catch it -- they struggle , the blade close on Zorro 's heart -- and just before it pierce : another hand grab armand 's . he look up -- it 's elena ! she whack he with a piece of wood . he tumble over the front of the lecomotive , landing on the cow catcher ... ext . train track - continuous 174 the train roar by a water tower . and now up ahead , the coup de grace : there 's a dead end depot a hundre yard away ! ext . locomotive —- moving - continuous 175 as Elena help alejandro to he foot , they see the dead end . and just when it look like they be truly goner ... zorro lash out he bullwhip , it coil around the pass water tower -~ sweeping Elena into he arm , they swing to safety from armand 's train as it continue on at breakneck speed -- on the cow catcher armand' eye grow huge second before he collide with the dead end depot and one -by-one , the boxcar explode like dominoe ! blind light against the desert basin ... steel and debris roil overhead in a firestorm ... and then ... there 's a silence as smoke fille the frame ... ext . bear point historic site - continuous 176 smoke drifte over the crowd of peasant and begin to dissipate . slowly , the people realize they be safe ... a gust of wind blow the ratification document off the back of the caboose landing . it wisp through the air , landing on the ground , stop at ... a pair of black boot . boom up to reveal zorro , he eye pierce from behind he mask . he pick up the document and hand it back to Governor riley , smile in affirmation ... 177 lis . zorro you people be wait , Governor . buoyed , Governor riley take the paper and -- timecut : ext . rear platform of governor ‘s train - continuous 177 the Governor finish signing the document . he slide the paper across to the young congressman , who stamp it with a congressional seal : congressman welcome to the union , Governor . the people explode with cheer as the american flag be hoist high beside the flag of California . it 's a celebration after all . the Congressman turn to Zorro ~~ congressman it would appear a grave disaster 's be narrowly avoid . I assume you be to thank for we good fortune ? Zorro remove he hat ... zorro not I , Congressman . he toss the hat over the crowd . a SMALL hand catch it -- joaquin . he 's grin ear- to - ear , hold close by Elena . she take the hat from he hand -- we think , for a moment , to be stern . and instead , put it on he head , tipping its brim up so joaquin can see . a sweet moment . the congressman wave he thanks to the boy . zorro have a safe trip back to Washington , Congressman . congressman ( offer a hand ) the name 's lincoln ... abraham lincoln . and as Zorro shake hand with Young Mr. lincoln , we rise up over the scene and ... dissolve to : 124 . e '' ext . fray felipen church ~— day 178 the church bell ring ... 179 int . fray felipe 's church ~ felipe 's study - day 179 alejandro , in he Sunday best , tie he tie in a mirror . felipe appear behind he ... fray felipe now that 's a true disguise : you almost look respectable . alejandro ( a smile ) should not you be rehearse the vow ? fray felipe Nah ... I nve perform they once before . joaquin appear at the door , dress in he Sunday best . felipe smile and head out , give they a moment alone . e fray felipe I 'il be outside . now it 's quiet . alejandro approach , fix joaquin 's slightly crooked tie ... alejandro look at you . a real heartbreaker , huh ? joaquin dad , do not get sappy . alejandro hey , you be my best man . you have to put up with I all day . a moment , the boy look up at he father who help he with he tie ... joaquin dad ? I have be think . alejandro about what ? 180 1z5 . joaquin all the family out there who need Zorro. ( simply ) you do not have to give it up ... I will not be mad anymore . I promise . that stop alejandro . joaquin 's eye be full of forgiveness . and yes , love . alejandro listen to I , nifio : I can not think of one thing on this earth , one single thing , more amazing than watch you grow up . I will not miss another second of it . ( beat ) Zorro have be many man . he will ride again ... but it will not be I behind the mask . joaquin +--+ then who ? joaquin 's smile be sly . and now so be alejandro 's . a moment of silent understanding . alejandro reach out a hand ... alejandro you know Zorro . he could be ... anyone at all . and off that , they exit together , father and son , hand in hand . we musical score soar , full of resolution and the promise of thing to come ... a flash bulb effect a CUT to : ext . mission santa lucia - courtyard - day 180 a wood BOX camera be lower , the photographer pull out a slide to reveal alejandro and elena kissing at the altar , they second marriage have just be consecrate by fray felipe . they turn , beam down at joaquin , the ring bearer , look up at they . and then , as in the beginning , we be lull by the game young man 's voice : young man nos voice how shall I end a story that have no end ? 181 182 126 . close - joaquin 's eye fill with tear of hope as he gaze at he parent , reunite ... at last . and amazingly , the eye begin to change ~- a morph as the boy become a man -- older , wiser , twenty one year old now . this be the very same shot we begin we story with . and now we understand , joaquin have be we narrator ... older joaquin 's voice --- perhaps , with this confession : I share all the imperfection of my family -- my father 's stubbornness , my mother 's pride .... but also , I pray : he courage , and she dignity . wider angle : joaquin 's face igs hidden in shadow ; for now , he eye will have to be enough . he be write at the table once occupy by Don Diego before he , then alejandro , in ... int . zorro 's secret cave - day 181 and now , in the distance , the mission bell toll to summon zorro . the pen freeze in joaquin 's hand . his eye SNAP up : alert , determine . quick cut : glove , boot , the cape -- all don with speed . older joaquin 's voice my name be joaquin De La vega . it be a plain , ordinary name . and it have help I to appear invisible +.» hide behind the mask wear , in spirit , by both my parent ... whose steady love have be a compass , point I toward my destiny . joaquin 's shadow face turn into view , eye burn behind : the mask of zorro ext . do LA vega hacienda - dusk 182 Young Zorro gallop away at a full tilt , kick up dust ina flourish ~- charge off to new adventure ... and we begin to rise ... where two figure take shape before we ... elena and alejandro , on the veranda . holding each other , all the feel rise to they throat as ... 127 . young zorro rear up on tornado , draw he sword and wave -- a grand silhouette against the sun 's spectral glow . alejandro pull Elena closer , they heart swell with pride . and that 's where we leave they , grow older together on the veranda ... just like they promise . fade out .