lo the four season screenplay by Alan alda fade in : : ext : east 75 th STREET - day 1 a station wagon pull up to a New York brownstone . the horn be sounded . nick raskin and anne raskin come out of the brownstone carry bag of grocery and over - night bag . Nick be handsome , athletic , charming and impulsive . he toss the bag into the luggage_compart - ment and climb into the car with he wife . he 's carry a open can of beer . he kiss kate , then give jack a'big kiss on the cheek . Anne raskin be somewhat compulsive , but cheerful and direct . she hug the two people in the front saat of the station wagon . kate burroughs be at the wheel . she 's clearey and practical . she have a sharp eye for baloney in people but a good laugh to soften she criticism . jack burroughs be leok igh one of the bag . Jack be quick witted and passionate . he love to talk , to drink and to eat . he draw a loaf of bread from one of the bag . he hold it cut lovingly . cur to : not : station wagon ~ day : 2 . oh , look at this . anne that 's for tomorrow . Jack take a lusty bite out of the middle of the bread . kate with he there 's no tomorrow , : nick Jack . Control yoursel , please , Nick take the bread from Jack and bite off the end , anne hey , I stand in line twenty minute for that . she take a large hunk of the bread for herself . kate reach around and grab she own piece . kate let I have some of that , she pull away from the curb . cor to : ext : new york STREET - day 3 the station wagon pull away from the curb and move down the street , cur to : int : station wagon - day , . 4 the car be travel through the city . there 's not much bread leave . they chew enthusiastically and talk with full mouth ( two conversation at once ) . jack you bring the wok ? nick . I get two wok . a big wok and a little wok . simultaneously : sack anne I buy eight eggplant ( to kate ) but I ’could not find any you know about Janice ginger . be Danny bring and ' hal ? any ? . : nick ' kate you get all eight eggplant ? T can not balieve it . how could he do that ? jack anne they be little one . chinese how can you walk out eggplant . on you kid like that ? kate how do he do it to they -~ or to she . what go through he mind ? jack what would he do ? rate he wwnt to a convention or some - thing in Philadelphia and he never come back . jack you be kid . anne . last night , he call she from California . kate ' he want a divorce so he ' can marry a nutritionist , ete ee ro 4 - cy eae -o ~ ge 5 6 3 conrp . , 4 jack that guy be a jerk , jack : anne should we stop for do he meet she in ginger ? , California or be she at the convention ? nick : . : ; ( hold up a = kate gnary ginger x ~ Janice can not get he to root ) . talk . he 's act like do not buy any more ginger . _ it 's she fault . T get plenty of ginger . . : jack ( lift a bottle of wine from the bag ) you know what would go great with this bread ? anne ( grab the wine from he ) that 's for tomorrow . cuT to : ext : greenwich village STREET = day 5 the station wagon pull up to a small apartment building . danny be waitingon the curb hold bag of grocery . cur to : int : station wagon - day 6 Danny get in . there be greeting all around : hugging and kissing . Danny .put the grocery and several over - night bag in the car . danny zeller be warm , compulsive , competitive , funny , stingy , hypochondriacal and a rich . source of arcane knowledge . . nick Danny , we be only go away for the weekend . x . danny do not worry about the egg - plant . I get five of they . jack five eggplant ? you mean baby one ? " the four season 6 contd Rev. 3/4/80 danny baby one ? they be like salamis . : nick 13 eggplant ?! 3a yd . seer oy zp on take a right on Sixth and a - leave on 13th . the cat start move . Danny take a large dirty root out of he 's bag . . ad danny ( contd ) _ take at this . be that beautitu1 ? . he hand Nick the root . : x nick 's do will eat this or plant it ? x danny '' celery root . a species know as celeria . jak do you get any ginger ? danny : two pound of ginger . and two pound of garlic . Anne lean back and moan , get sick at the mere think of it . . cor to : ext : village STREET - pay high shot — station wagon make its way down the street . over this we hear : eo , from the bronx . earthy , intelligent and strong . she get in the car with the painting , pass it with difficulty over everybody 's head as she get it into ito the back of the car . ms contd danny you bring you work ? claudia it 's almost finish . I be hot . I be cooking . I can not stop for a whole weekend . - danny I stop my work for the week - end . . of . - Danny , please , you be a dentist . danny ( to Anne ) ° you hear this ? I can sculpt a bicuspid that would fool God himself , but I be just a dentist . claudia I will go out in the field with the cow . I will stay out of everybody 's way . she accidentally stick the painting in Nick 's face . Nick grab at he eye and wince . claudia ( centd ) oh , Nick , I be sorry . be you alright ? nick Fine . ( to Danny ) I be glad you do not bring you dentist 's chair , jack you hear about Janice and hal ? claudia I just get off the phone with she . it 's a nightmare . drive , let 's get as far away from the whole damn thing as we can . the station wagon take off . CUT to : 10 11 ext : merrit parkway - day 9 the station wagon move down the highway past the green and red and yellow of spring . spring montage : crabapple tree spraying blossom like fountain , lilac branch sagging with purple bud . Dark rain cloud pass over the sun . forsythia shimmer in a spring rain , its bud drop under the weight of the fresh water , : smali wet bird in a nest shaking water drop from nearly featherless wing . - and finally , sunset in the wood . New leave be every - where . a rabbit crawl slowly out of its hole and survey the place . ext : the barn = night 10 in the distance the station wagon pull up to a barn that have be make into a house . end open title . CUT to : int : the barn - live room - night il kate , Anne and Claudia be relax on the couch and floor with glass of wine . Anne have spread large photograph on the floor . they be extreme close - up of vegetable , : {to Anne do you try the pegasus Gallery in soho ? anne yesterday . God what a creep . I tell he I have be work on this series of picture for three year . you know what he say ? Three year of photograph vegetable <- do not you think that 's a little constipate ? rate kind of agree with the gallery guy . ») contd 11 ' claudia well , it depend on the vegetable . they laugh , Anne include , and pour some more wine . there be laughter from the man in the kitchen . kate : you know , this be not bad . I would not mind let they make dinner every night . claudia : every night ? how could they they have be plan this for two week . : kate I love listen to the phone call . ' I will queeze the garlic . you queeze the ginger . 's queeze ? anne kate chop they in the cuisinart . claudia I hope they do not queeze they finger . kate ' Claudia , please . they be create @ work of art , cut to : int : ' kitchen - night 12 giant cloud of acrid smoke be rise out of the wok . Jack , Nick and Danny be cry and laugh . nick do something with it . pour water on it . danny pour water on het oil ? you be kid , right ? nick my eye be tear , I can not see what I be do . we be gonna have chop finger in hot garlic sauce . io ~~ year 12 13 contd 12 Jack go over to he and wipe he eye with a wet towel . jack how 's that ? better ? . nick yeah . you rubbed it in really good . I be blind . Danny be ook at the wok . danny this oil 's not hot enough . . niick then why have I lose my eyesight ? danny : it 's not hot enough . you can not cook chinese food unless the oil be 480° . this be a scientific act . jack do Einstein say that ? danny Newton . Isaac Newton . the inventor of mushoo pork . int : barn - live room - night 13 Anne be put she picture away . kate ( to Anne ) listen , the magazine be do a piece on the top ten executive in the country . how would you like to photograph they for we ? anne God , I would love to be in fortune . when do you need they ? kate by June . anne you mean of this year ? '' the four season " " Rev. 3/4/80 9 13 14 contp ; 433 claudia that 's two month from now . anne . I do not work that fast . x wee kate Annie , how be you ever go to get publish ? you have to move , : : ( 2 claudia ( to kate ) why do not you just do a story on " the top ten broccoli in the country " ? Anne smile at the joke . CUT to : . int : kitchen - night 14 sack be try to read the cook book through tear eye . jack : : now we add the green onion , the ginger and the garlic . Nick dump a couple of bowl of ingredient into the wok . jack ( contd ) hal great ! nick how about the chicken salad ? you have the rice thing ? ° danny do it now and they will all be ready at the same tim . '' g at he watch ) - I have get this time out scientifically . rice noodle ) okay , watch this . you ready ? he drop a bundle of noodle in the oil . with a loud noise they swell instantly and almost leap out of the pan . thare be sound of pleasure and amazement from the three cook . CUT to : >: y 15 10 int : live room - barn - night 15 the woman be sit talk as the man come into the room with large platter of food and head for the dining table . . jack okay , first course . the woman look up and see the food . they be delighted . there be applause and appreciative laughter . they go to the table . Nick be open a bottle of beer . claudia look at that . I do not believe it . anne . my God , the smell be incredible . : kate : that be really , really beautiful . that be so beautiful . do you leave out the msg ? jack no msg , eat . grab you stick . ( pass plate around ) . here 's rice ... danny start with the chicken salad . that 's the appetizer . anne this be really incredible . Claudia take a bite and go into eestasy , claudia oh my God , that be fantastic . oh , Danny , oh my God . she grab Danny and kiss he all over he face . as they take they first bite , they pound on the table , slap each other on the back , and applaud at the taste of the food . they be high on they own achievement and camaraderie . Jack rise with a beer in he hand . jack okay , toast . toast , the other quiet down . 15 contd jack ( contd ) to Nick and Anne -= to this dinner ... which be wonderful ... everyone chuckle . jack ( contd ) ~ and to the reason we be here tonight ... not just to celebrate you anniversary , but to that deeper thing that bring we all together ... here 's to what bond we and make we huddle against the cold wind of divorce that have blow through the life of ee we friend . here 's to we and to whatever thread we marriage hang by =~ let they be strong . 1 15 there be a little applause and some murmure of approval as people drink they beer . Anne raskin raise she glass to get everyone 's attention , anne ( warmly and pleasantly ) May I say something ? I would just like to say that that be the most depress goddamn toast I have ever hear in my life . danny why ? he get to the heart of it . he face it . that be cur fear , that 's why we be here . anne it 's why I be in analysis , it 's not why I be eat dinner . danny look , he 's right . what bring we all together ? I do not get this close with all my patient . claudia we do not meet through you . danny sure we do . jack {to Nick ) ' do not I do some legal work for ( more ) ' vhe four season " 15 contd jack ( contd ) you -~- and then we all start go out together , nick no , I remember go over you estate with you , - anne , we do not meet through the man nat all . they think everything revolve around they work . '' kate . I meet Anne when I buy one of she picture at the woman photog= vapher exhibition and then Anne cand I meet Claudia at a gallery . claudia ( to Danny ) you do not get at they tooth until month la * ~ we meet seven year ago in the first week in July . and my first appointment with Danny be for a fill on September 8 . it be a Wednesday . claudia row can you remember that ? anne I remember thing like that . they be important , danny the point be w- what bring we eager it 's the realization we be the only people we know who have somehow manage to stay marry this long . we owe the depth and breadth and height of this friendship to the world 's most ancient emotion =~ fear and panic . {to Nick ) be I right ? suey , ee 12 15 16 13 nick ( eat ) I spend three hour buy this and four hour cut it into little piece , I be not just gonna eat this stuff , I be gonna make love to it . you keep talk -- I will eat yours . : - he start to empty Danny 's plate onto he own . Danny try to protect he plate . everyone else start reach -into he plate with the chopstick and eat from it . : '' CUT to : ext : hillside near the barn = day 16 Anne and kate be sit against a tree , drink beer . Anne be take a picture of a small rock , Nick be drive in a circle on a beat - up old motor cycle . he be circle Jack who be hack away at a even older motorcycle try to bend the mudguard out of the way of the rear wheel . Claudia be off in the distance painting ... Nick take off up the hill to say hello to Anne and kate . when he circle they tree ha scare the hell out of they . they shoo he off , kate will you get out of here ? anne what the hell 's the matter with you ? be you nut ? you want to kill we ? nick T be just say hello . Jack get the mudguard straighten out so that the wheel will turn Nick lock down the long dirt road and see dann : uttin toward they on a motorbike . vp $ nick ( contd ) hey , he get the johanson ' motorbike . kate wonderful . keep away from we . 16 17 14 contd 16 Nick take off to meet Danny . he kick up dust on the dirt road and after he pass Danny , dee a fancy skid and turn so that he 's go in Danny 's direction and catch up with he , nick you look great . danny ( nervously ) do not get too close ! watch you foot ! nick come on , I will race you . {cautious , eye on . the road ) I be go fast enough . I just want to dry my hair . > nick come on . let 's see who can get to that tree first . danny let 's just see if we can there . how about that ? ext : hillside - day 17 another angle : Jack get he motorcycle start and move out to meet Nick and Danny , for a moment , all three be aim for a head - on collision . Jack veer off to the right , Danny veer off to the leave . unfortunately , Nick , in try to avoid Jack , go in the same direction Jack be go in . they narrowly miss hit each other . Nick skid around a field and finally drop he cycle and jump away from it . Jack manage to cut a wide arc and suddenly realize he 's meeting Danny come around from the other direction . they pass each other with inch to spare , both of they scream at the top of they lung . Nick roll around on the ground , laugh at the both of they , in a helpless giggle . finally Nick retrieve he motor - cycle and move down the road with Jack and Danny . : as they travel , Nick 's chuckle at they expense begin to get under the skin of Danny and Jack . they trade glance and move a little faster than Nick . Nick catch up with they . they move a little faster . before long they be in a all out race . ) ) 7 18 be contd 17 when they get to the foot of the hill , they do not stop there . but try to go all the way up the mountain . Nick , with the more powerful machine be well in the lead , but he hit a ditch and take a spill . Jack , concerned for he , do not watch where he 's go and plow into a large bush . he practically disappear inside it . Danny , pay no attention to either of then , chug up the hill , till he get to a plateau , stop he motorbike , get off and do . a victory dance . . danny ( arm upraise , foot — o pound the ground ) hah ! I win ! I be victorious ! it be the great ! the sexy dentist win ! at the bottom of the hill , kate and Anne be laugh as Anne pour beer on Nick 's skinned leg . kate open she bag and remove a dozen item ( bug spray , aspirin , etc. ) until she find some antiseptic , which she spray on Nick 's leg . Jack atagger out of the bush and go to Nick to see if he 's alright . across the field , Claudia cup she hand to she mouth and yell to Danny who be still do he dance . claudia ( shouting ) Danny , you be wonderful , I love you . kate {to Jack , with sincerity and admiration , make the okay sign ) Boy , you guy be real jerk . Jack grin . ext : lake = day 18 ' the warm tone of the afternoon sun wash lightly over the tree and reflect in the placid water of the lake . large rowboat lazily drift into view . loll contentedly in it be we sixsome . they be share bread and cheese and pass the wine bottle to fill paper cup . Jack be y ) 18 16 contd 18 lie with he head in kate 's lap . Nick be sit in one end of the boat with Anne and Danny be sit at the other end of the boat with Claudia . everyone be feel very good . jack what about indian food next time ? - we can make we own mango chutney . _ pry a little chapati ? nick - how about Indonesian ? we could do a whole rice table . danny wait a minute . I get it . Home - make pasta , florentine chicken on : a bed of spinach , and a hot antipasto of mussel in marinara sauce . how about that ? claudia Danny , please , I be italian . danny : you do not think we can do it ? do not we make a great chinese meal last night ? claudia yeah , well , look , we be not chinese , you know ? by we it be chinese <= what do we know ? danny what ? . jack Danny , please , she 's italian . danny it make a better sauce than you mother . claudia my poor motherhas arthritis . of course you make a better sauce than she . danny before she arthritis . everyone be laugh at they . " the pour season " —- Rev. 3/4/80 18 contd they loll 17 ... 18 nick will you shut up . you be depress the bird . for a moment and listen to the bird . jack how 's you leg ? nick - Fine . God , I have be bang up so many time , % , do not even notice it anymore .. anne in college , he play football — with a break wrist . and then two guy throw he on he head and he be unconscious for three hour . ah , that be the day . x they laugh at Nick , then float quietly . nick - listen to the water lap against the side of the boat . to be with friend sip wine -- this be what it be to be happy . x ( playfuliy ) ae this and be ineveainiy rich . ( shaking bi he head ) I be a life member of bquitabie 'e million dollar round - I be one of the most west seccesszad estate planner in New York -- bat that 's nothing compare to 3 . anne ck , relax . he 's always sell . nick what be you talk about ? anne you be a estate planner ? you be a insurance salesman 18 18 contd 18 nick I do not plan estate ? I be not in the million dollar round table ? anne ( to the other ) you know what you get for be . in the million dollar round table ? a plastic statue and a weekend at fhe La cucaracha Hotel in Puerto CO . : they all chuckle . Anne kiss Nick . Jack take the bottle of wine and pour some for himself . he rise . everyone hold on to the side of the boat . jack . I do not want to let this after - noon disappear without something to remember it by ~- some memorial of we affection for each other . kate ( steadying the boat ) yeah , good , do not wave you arm , okay ? Jack think for a moment . jack okay . I get it . this be for all of you . so that we will never forget this day . he take a fly leap and jump in the water , fully clothed , the boat rock lika mad . they can not believe kate what be you do in the lake ? danny you be liable to get you clothes wet . Nick stand . ' the boat rock again , nick alright , I accept that gesture from my friend and he 's not go to be alone in make it . - ) ) 18 19 19 anne Nick , sit dow . nick he ig not gonna be the only one . to remember this day . - ( to Jack ) . I be with you , kid , and I will go you one better . he pick he sweater up off the floor of the rowboat and start to put it on . nick ( contd ) my only regret be that I be not wear my $ 300 suit . he jump in the water . the boat rock again . Danny stand , hold a large piece of french bread . danny , okay , that 's it . I be jump in with my bread ! he fly off the hoat and smack into the water . Claudia stand . anne you be kid . claudia what the hell , come on . Claudia jump inte the water . the man applaud she , Danny give she a big hug and almost sink with she . Anne and kate look at each other and one at a time they jump in as well . there 's much cheer and applaud and kissing . cuT to : int : barn ~ late afternoon 19 Danny 's in a bathrobe , try to blow hia nose . kate be go through she bag of remedy . kate here . time release vitamin-c . it 's the best thing for a cold . they sp aypey '' the four season " 19 contd 19 danny I do not get cold . . this be a irritation of the mucus membrane , claudia x be that the kind of irritation that last for a week and make you blow you nose a lot ? danny if we have a fire go in here I could dry my nose out , kate - dry you nose out with this . — - she give he pill , which he reluctantly take , danny T do not get cold . kate : - right . ~ he sniffles . Claudia start drying he head with a towel , . cur to : 20 ext : the wood - late apternoon 20 Nick and Jack be pick up stray piece of wood and carting they in a canvas sling . Jack watch Nick for @ moment , jack be you alright ? . nick - sure , '' a jack you look distract . ' nick I be okay . jack you know , I think we be Close enough to say anything to each other . Nick smile and neds . yy 20 contd jack ( contd ) anything really . Nick think about this for a moment , nick : be you and kate. happy ? . jack yeah . very . h nick I mean ary : can you say you be really happy ? jack yeah -- but not every minute . tt go in wave . ' here be time that you hit low ... and you can not stand thing about each other . like the way she tooth click when she eat . or the way I smell my sweatshirt before I put it on . sometimes we drive each other crazy . but then we will go through a period the one we be in now . it come over we like a unexpected wave . puppy love . I can not wait to see she -- and when I be with she my heart beat faster . I would expect it with a stranger , but not someone I have know for half my life . it 's wonderfal . . nick I wish I could feel that . jack you will . it *ll come back . just give it time . nick I have never feel it . I should not have marry Anne . I be crazy as a kid and I think she would be some kind of stability for I . well , she certainly be stable . God . she do not do anything . she do not think anything . I have never hear one stimilate idea come out of she mouth -- ever , ( more ) 21 20 22 +20 contd 20 nick ( contd ) she take up photography . I say , finally , she 's gonna do something . she spend three year photograph vegetable . she 's not just stable , she 's inert . . jack so work on it with she . talk to she about it . nick Jack , I have try for twenty year . I get nothing . you know how painful it be to want to love someone ? God , you do not know how lonely I have be . look at she ... look at she . he point down through . a clear in the tree . 21 ext : bar porch - late afternoon 21 nick's Pov we see Anne come out.on the porch of the barn . she pick up a chair to carry inside . then she put the chair down and pick up the cushion and knock some crumb off the cushion . then before she put the cushion back on the chair , she turn the chair upside down and knock some more crumb from it . she 's meticulous and thorough about it , get every last crumb out of the chair . one crumb lead to another . she will not give up . nick's voice ( vo ) she get obsessed with thing . she will sit there all day long with the same think -- turn it over and over in she head . she remember the day she have she tooth fill . can you remember ' that ? Jesus , 1 can barely eter the first time I get 22 ext : the wood ~ late afternoon 22 back to scene : Nick head back toward house . Jack follow . nick I come home from a day of sell and she want to talk about she work , Fine . you know what she ( more ) 22 contd they come wood near 22 nick ( contd ) talk about ? vegetable . for a year and a half we talk about zucchini . then for a year -- green pepper . that be a nice change . to a clear near the house . Nick drop the a chopping block , nick ( contd ) last might be the end of twenty - one year . that 's enough . ' today be the beginning of a new life for I . of '' jack ' what ? : x nick that 's it , it 's over . jack x you can not do that . you be just go to quit ? what 's the matter with you ? Nick start chopping the wood down to.size . nick . I want to make a new start . I want a new family . jack what about you old family ? nick . Lisa 's eighteen . she can handle this . Jack , I want a woman I can be excited by . jack | ( realize ) * you 's have get somebody else , have not - you ? you have get somebody wait in the wing . nick no I do not . jack sure you do . you must . nick I swear to you I do not have somebody wait in the wing why be you g this so for I ? I think be could tell you anything . yy 22 23 24 cowrp 22 . jack ( appal ) how can you throw she away like this after twenty - one year ? what 's she suppose to do now ? : nick i thoutht if I do tell you , you would he happy for I . I even a this fantasy that you would handle the divorce . / jack : handle the divorce ? in first place , I be not a divorce lawyer . in the second place , if I be , I would represent Anne . I can not believe you would do this . Nick be move to tear . nick Jack , please . this be the hardest thing I have ever go through in my life . jack ( soften ) yeah , alright . I be sorry . they stand silently for a moment . jack ( contd ) God , Nick , this be awful . int : barn - night 23 everyone be eat dinner . ' there be some light banter , but Jack 's dark mood and Nick 's tension have cast a bit of a pall over the evening . Anne do not seem to have , notice kate Danny , want some more bean ? danny ( put some bean on he plate ) you know bean be very much misunderstand . they have a ( more ) > 23 contd . : oo danny ( contd ) -— complex set of amino acid . [ for you eat bean together with rice , you will never have to cat meat ... or you can eat bean with cornbread . x : claudia a - '' Danny : love to . talk about bean . . «+ -. go on , talk , . sweetheart . go ahead . 'x : Danny wee a it 's the combination that count . anne . you know , I have be think of that . photograph vegetable in combination , not just one at atime , you know ? I be not sure yet . somehow this send everybody into silence . everyone eat quietly . outside a heavy rain start . thunder . so . kate ( break the silence ) hey , I do some research on sailboat for the summer . x she get she bag and go to the bottom of it . claudia already ? we only talk about it a couple of day ago . {to Nick ) . : _ here , you ought to check this + , out . . you be the sailor in the eat ' she hand Nick a bundle of boat brochure . , : danny where do you get all this etuff ? kate I call a couple of boat broker . we can rent one in St. Thomas on July 18th and sail it to Jamaica . we fly home from there . the whole thing . will take two week . - 7 '' ) " the four season " - Rev. 3/7/80 26 . 23 contd . . : . 23 nick . ( look at the plan of the boat ) . look at that 50 footer . this be gorgeous . claudia this woman be fantastic . : . anne 's . oo . how much would that one cost -- |. with the blue bottom ? God , they " : be ceri be not they ? . m nick . no : ye ! : ( take charge ) , this '' be the kind of boat we want . x Anne rest she hand on Nick 's as she look at the brochure . they all examine the picture of the boat animatedly . Jack look at Anne 's excitement . he catch Nick 's eye . Nick look away . CUT to : 24 int : bedroom of the barn - dawn . 24 - it id raining . Jack be look out the window . kate rise from the bed and come over to he . x mo - kate | can not you sheep ? : '' jack Nick be get a divorce . - . kate : how do you know ? woe u jack '' . he. toa I ' yesterday when we . _ be . get firewood . po that son of a bitch . do hé have somebody else ? ~ : jack he say he do not . kate why do he have to leave she ? why can not they fight it out ? Jack just shake he head , not know why either . kate get in under Jack 's arm and move in very close to he . ( o~ 24 2s 26 27 contd 24 kate ( contd ) hold I . Jack hold she closer to he . they look through the window . camera pan to . what they see : ext : barn - dawn . : . . 25 the leave drip with water in the blue dawn . the swollen brook rush past the barn and under . the old ' collapse foot bridge . . . cur to : ext : summer montage - day | 26 ' the brook join another brook , this larger stream rush over rock , sunlight begin to play on the water as the stream become a river , then rapid . pull sunlight as a wave crash against a shore . it be now summer . : White beach extend for mile . the warm sun play on the green tuft that be the virgin Islands . pale green water gently run they frothy finger across the velvet sand . beneath the surface of the sea , in a misty light , a black and yellow sergeant - major fish move lazily past the darting lavender of the needle - nose . a sting - ray waft its way across the bottom , a pilot fish never leave its post just above the ray 's head . a giant turtle lumer gracefully through the water , the camera take its eye off the turtle and rise up through the water , as if behind a swim mask . it slide through the surface of the ocean into open air where we see a sailboat , bob gently at anchor , near a@ lush green island . omit scene 27 28 CUT to : ext : sailboat - day 28 Jack in the water , wear a snorkling mask . he swim toward the sailboat . kate come out on deck , lean over the side and give Jack a kiss . she have a pot of coffes . se ae worccra tena ene ters 38 '' sack rete gorgeous . enormous oe this ride a 500 pond turtle ? -- ( beat ) ~~ - ' I be think of it , but i get : '' scared . '' - and take off he fin . ( explain | she . : condition ) = - '' clmdia think she 's on '' no puuk dlsdun rev . 3/4/80 29 28 jack ( to Claudia ) be you ? claudia no , I be try out this new green makeup . : danny ie 's just a lack of sleep . claudia ' Danny , it 's nausea . lack of sleep do not make you stomach crawl into you throat . , {to Jack ) what be you do ? what 's that smell ? jack coffee . you want some ? claudia ( even more i211 ) oh , God . can not you make the ~ boat hold still ? can not you tie it to something ? danny Claudia , you be not nauseate . claudia . how come you be allow all x this psychosomatic illness , but when I throw up in my tote bag at two in the morning it 's _ just my imagination ? do anybody sleep last night ? * claudia . 4 you be kiddifig , right ? with all that mate call come from . the master bedroom ? jack all night long . claudia who would have guess that it sould be so distress to listen to other people humping ? bien chan 0g be it tt ~~ 26 . 1 — _ : '' a little old fashioned humping . owe ee '' 4 , , would have be okay . they be 2:7 " : dodng grand opera ... . ae Claudia put she head between she knee . in door open and Nick emerge . he 's happy and | , and nat one with mature . he take a breath of air . nick . =o pc ; what .a mome . , what air , huh ? -. . , this. be how the world should - '' live . I sleep like a baby last night . - be not that a great ' the other murmur they agreement ... " oh , great . '' '' wonderful ." .. " terrific , * sack. can not bring himself around : on the water like that ? - ' well , some part of the boat bobbe more than other . . my erat gd I Nick take a cup . of coffee and sit down , close he '' eye and stick he face into the sun contentedly . the other four turn they attention to the cabin door , wait : for it to cpen . ~ in a moment it do and ginny pearson emerge . she 's absolutely wonderful look and wear a very , very small ' bikini , ucarry a duffle bag . she 's " fourteen year young than Nick — a decent woman who 's warm and generous and bright and everybody like she . ~s-.4-0r , . the other hand , nobody can stand she because she be not be not even Anne 's age . '' be not it peaceful ? bob 9.. meg x y 28 31 28 . ginny hi , anybody hear anything on the weather ? nick ( to Jack ) you listen on the radio ' yet ? jack it 's suppose to be clear . nick , I say we head for St. croix right after breakfast . claudia you want to move the boat ? nick when you get use to it , you be go to be the most intrepid sailor of the bunch jack - I do not think we be gonna get very far unless we can get the anchor up . nick well , we will just pull it up . kate we can not pull it up . be not that why we stay here last night ? because we could not get the anchor up ? nick you just give it a yank , that 's all . come on . claudia you boy go pull on you anchor fer awhile . we will be back be . the man go to the other end of the boat . claudia ( contd ) if that anchor come out of the water there be no God . 29 ... the water . ame phe three of they - during the. follow , Ginny '' pick ap 's suntan '' lotion and proceed to apply it to she body .- '' : '. ginny - '' look at Nick ) to : Nick just amaze I . I mean he 's - so accomplish . he can sail , : he know wine . - you. know he 's . " he 's a ' lite senber in the milion a dollar : round table , - claudia . t hear they tn puerto Rico for that . '' be go : all over , 's ' we 'met on ay : flight to l.a..... 2 sit with he De hoe for a hour after the dinner service oe wood . and , God , I would never mat anyone who | lo know ; about : actuarial : table . soe py : p90 ' year before the '' . mast " when he be twelve . ' guess : - you : font : — ' that . a xk : '' ert : ~ sailboat - day : Jack , Nick and Danny , ' try . to pull the anchor out of pull '' hard and : ' bend t back x : piece. of '' '' the boat . iron on the deck 'o : 29 y cr contd _ Rose . you ought to put something awe wy eypou 7 33 . 25 ginny Nick , maybe we better not go anywhere . everybody 's worried that we do not know what we be do . — nick I know what I be do . ( he kiss she on the nose ) you be start to get a red : on it . ginny ( reach in she duffle 3 ) I think if everybody 's nervous , we ought to step and talk about it . ( she hold up a gifte wrap box ) what 's this ? nick . gee , I do not know . - ° {a twinkle in he eye ) it . ginny shalimar ! you sweet man . look at that , he 's give I a gift a day since we leave st . thomas. ( to Nick ) you could easily make I fall in love with you . : jack : ( under he breath ) you mean it could get worse ? Danny hoist a jib . x nick ( contd ) wait a minute -- you be suppose to hoist the main sail first . danny why ? what for ? ene eee hev , 3/4/80 34 oo 29 oe ~~ i ( os at 30 — _ pe ~~ contd . 29 as if in answer to he question , the jib catch the wind , the clew start flail , hit Jack and whip he off the boat into the water . danny ( contd ) . oh my god. Jack , be you alright ? Jack ? Jack ? - everybody begin reach past each other try to grab -a line to throw to Jack . meanwhile , the boat continue to move forward under the power of the motor and the wind . Claudia be the first to notice that they be head directly for the beach , - . '* cepaupra oo oh my God , stop the boat ! turn the wheel ! the boat run around and everyone pitch forward . Jack be tread water , watch calmly . jack you go ahead , folk , I '11 catch up . _ CUT to : int : galley = at sunset . 30 another in the tiny galley as they prepare dinner . Danny be do figure on a pocket computer . the boat list at @ severe angle , force everyone to hold on to thing as they walk to k from sliai to . Nick be finish 2 ° scotch and gerne , the walt x . danny ( to Ginny ) wait a minute . no salt . okay ? just put the salt on the side for whoever want to poison themselves , claudia - he do not eat salt . ginny Salt be bad for you ? danny I have not touch salt or mucus x product for three year and I feel . great . ) ) 30 contd 35 30 's ginny who eat mucus ? claudia hemeans cheese and milk , Danny , say what you mean , will you ? you be talk to human here . ginny ( the Danny ) well , do not worry . this recipe do not call for mucus . Nick be crowd Jack again . jack now what ? nick I need a opener . danny ( hold he nose . in pain ) I think I be go to die from this sun . why be I always have trouble with my nose like this ? kate have go into she bag . she pull out a long thorny at . kate here , put this on . you will be fine . danny you want I to put that green thorny thing on my nose ? kate you squeeze the juice out . just pat that on you skin . it 's a Hawaiian aloe plant . she break the plant in half . jack look , it 's kind of crowded in here <-- ow ! he back away from she . yy 36 30 contd 30 . kate what 's the matter ? jack you stab I with that god - damned Hawaiian plant . kate I be sorry , it 's crowded in here . , jack ( to Nick ) . Excuse I , would you excuse I . ~~~ -- h@ reach for a pan behind he . Danny finish figure on he computer . danny okay , Jack and kate owe Nick and I $ 123 each for provision except for the wine and beer , which Nick bring which every - body owe he $ 47 each for . jack why do not I just subtract the 47 from 1232 danny no , no , no . that will screw it up . I have get this very carefully work out . and I would just like to tell you that we be $ 350 over budget , each . I do not see any trip to Jamaica unless we have a meeting first . cur to : 31 ext : boat = sunset 31 . in the warm , red tone of the sunset , the boat can be see nose up on the beach . jack ( vo ) yeah , well I do not picture we ad Jamaica unless it float ginny ( vo ) Nick . when be high tide ? 31 32 contd 37 31 nick ( vo ) ( just a little testy ) zi do not know when high tide be . rh all I know , we be sit it . 1, 4 ighe '' the : ' wel. fahk iz tide do not come 's in two " or three day , I think we should call the coast guard . . cur to : int : boat = jack and kate sleeping quarter = night 32 kate I can not believe he bring she . how could he do that to Anne ? how could he do it to we ? . jack but , you know , she 's really nice , I like she . kate she 's wonderful . you can not even enjoy hat she . who the hell need that ? jack Danny be drive I crazy . he as to be the expert on every - pbin . what be the matter with 2 kate he 's very needy , that 's all , jack needy ? he 's hypochondriacal , stingy , bossy , selfish , compulsive , and paranoid . he 's the muhammed Ali of mental illness , kate sshhh . quiet . CUT to : a 33 o~ '' ~~ 34 '' ~~ 38 int : danny and claudia' sleeping quarter - night 33 danny look , if they do not want I to keep the finances , I will not . but . there 's something wrong with they . this people be vicious . they be ill . we be travel with a group of ill people . . claudia : . I just can not believe he would — - bring she on the boat with we . danny everytime I make a suggestion , everytime I say something they be ignorant of , do you see the way they look at each other ? they discuss I behind my back . claudia she walk around with that shoelace around she waist that 's suppose to be a bathing suit -- my God , I be so depressed every time I look at she . . danny this people be vicious . vicious and ill . he hold still for a moment , listen . fin danny ( contd ) no , I do not believe it .. , they be at it again . quiet , but unmistakable moan from the other end of the boat can be hear , danny ( contd ) they never stop . that two be gonna kill themselves , cur to : int : jack and kate sleeping quarter = night 34 they be listen intently . jack = cannot believe my ear . yy 34 contd 33 34 kate they be louder tonight . 1 do not think that be possible . jack I be gonna say something . kate now ? - jack ( he look at she cddly ) what would I say now ? of course not now . I will talk to he tomorrow . : 's kate how can you say anything ? . jack well , we be suppose to be close . we be suppose to be able to talk about anything , to be open . kate mo God , do not get he to be more open than this . more moan . jack they be drive I crazy . kate talk about something else . some - thing serious and complex . we will not even notice they . ( tryin g not to listen to the groan ) something serious and complex . kate tell I about the simmon suit . jack uh. the simmon suit . it all depend on a ruling from the judge . how he interpret the environmental impact study ... ( he can not stand it anymore ) : ged , what ig she do to he ? 34 contd 40 34 kate you be not concentrate . i'11 tell you about a piece I be editing on inflation . now pay attention , okay ? . jack yeah . kate accord to lester c. thurow at m.i.t. , part of the problem be that the production of goods and service per man hour of , work be fall at a rate of 3 % @ year , jack ) ( try to concentrate uh , huh . kate so if productivity fall 3 % , then wage have to fall 3 % . but if wage do not fall 3 % , then the cost of production rise ~~ because it 3 more rour of work to produce the same goods . be you listen ? '' lstent jack ' I be tening . that 's great . keep go , _ kate so the extra cost of less efficient production have to be pass along to the consumer inthe form of higher price . the sound from the other cabin be too much . unable to contain thenselves anymore , they have start to laugh . she keep on try to talk , however , kate ( in between she laugh ) so if ... productivity fall ... jack ( laugh ) '' ) 34 35 36 . 41 contd 34 kate Three ... : jack Three percent , yeah ? " rate then inflation can only be ... prevent ... jack . yeah ? . if everyone 's income fall ... three ... jack Three percent . helpless with laughter -< they hug and forget about the whole thing . CUT to : ext : sailboat ~ twilight ; 35 cie to pls acter , tan aoa a! people groan , it have a certain music . CUT to : ext : sailboat - day - the next morning 36 ) Jack and kate come out on deck . they be both exhaust , Jack flop down and stretch out on a deck seat . x / kate you want some breakfast ? jack I be too sleepy to eat . that people be kill I , kate I be go to make some coffee and try wake up . to " jack if I lie in the sun , maybe I '11 go back to sleep , y) 37 38 39 40 41 42 42 ext : water - day 37 he close he eye . after a moment he hear the SOUND of splashing water . he sit up and look out over the water . he spot the unmistakable sight of two bare bottom frolick in the sea . . oh my God , ext : sailboat = day , : 38 he go over to the galley and bring kate out on deck . kate look out at the ocean . ext : water ~ day : 39 . rate _ oh my god. ext : sailboat =~ day 40 Danny poke he head up from the galley . danny hi . be the coffee ven yes I can not get my eye open 8 morning , kate come here . this 's 11 get you eye open , Danny go to the vailing . ext : water = day 4l danny they be swim already ? where do they get the energy ? jack keep look , danny what be I suppose to see ? the swimmer roll under the water flash bare bottom . Danny be stunne for a moment , finally he speak : ext : sailboat - pay 42 ah hah , ee ee cee rev . 3/4/80 42 43 44 43 ' contd . 42 Claudia come out of the galley and look at Jack , kate and Danny all lean over the railing . claudia be everybody sick ? Danny beckon she over , she go and take a look . . * claudia oh my god . . kate ( with a little awe ) where do they get the energy ? danny you know when you think about it , there really be not anything sexual about it , it 's ratural . people go to they doctor , they take they clothes off , rt aoe not mean a thing . . claudia meanwhile he have not take he . eye off she for a sacond , ext : water = day 43 Nick and Ginny see they on the boat , wave and say " hit , kate , Jack , Danny and Claudia feel catch stare at then . they wave back and say ' hi’ as cheerfully as ey can , : Nick and Ginny start swim toward the boat . ext : sailboat - pay 44 kate oh my God . they be swim over . danny just act casual . claudia you mean like you ? kate I be go to go make breakfast , T do not want to look at my friend naked , it make it hard to have dinner with they later , . she go intn #he -.95 — . y) 44 45 46 she railing , contd a4 jack T think I '11 get some sun . Jack lie down and close he eye , , claudia I think maybe I will read a book . she put on a pair of dark glass and get into a chair , look over at Danny who be still stare out over the " claud : ia {contd} okay , Danny , we have al get something to da . " danny what be everybody act so crazy about ? you can not see anything . jack then what be you stand there for ? claudia he 's hope she will turn over and do the back stroke . he turn away from the valling and sit in a chair . 3 njeve they pla I be just enjoy : play - fulness . they be like a couple of porpoise . the pure animal pleasure of have fun . that 's all , that do not indicate a prurient interest in two fellow people . ext : water - day 45 Nick call to they from the water . nick can somebody throw we we bathing suit ? ext : sailboat = pay 46 Danny leap up out of he chair , all enthusiasm . danny you bet . where be they ? where aid you put they ? oh yeah , I get they . hold on . here they come . 47 48 49 50 45 ext : water - pay 47 he toss the bathing suit to they in the water , they - wave they thanks . he wave back and keep look at then , ext : sailboat = day . 48 Danny will cuandza Christ 's , 1 you for st 's " sake sit dow . ( danny come back to he chair ) what be the matter with this woman ? kate begin laugh at he from the galley . he look at Jack as if to say ' why do they accuse I of this ?! cur to : ext : beach - day 49 one but Claudia be push on the boat , try to get it afloat in the water , Claudia be at the wheel . they shout encouragement to each other and edge the boat off the beach into the water . there be cheer as they move it and it finally float . they swim out to the boat , but before they can get on , the wind pick up , drive it ahead of then . Claudia start turn the wheel , first one way , then the other , try to control the boat , she finally get it under control and bring it around to they , they cheer she and indeed she look very proud of herself , cur to ; ext : water - day 50 shot of boat sailing . we people on deck sun themselves , cur to : ve of 2/3 46 51 ext : boat ~ late in day s12 the boat be at anchor ( a auxiliary anchor ) in a gorgeous 's bay . the couple be loung around the deck as the boat rock leisurely . Nick be below . x 3 jack . 's why do you think we love this boat so much ?. 's everyone shrug , jack ( contd ) . you know why I think we like this boat so much ? . kate laugh . kate : I know it . he only ask we so he could tell we h. 8 theory . ( she kiss he ) go ahead , Jack , why do we like this boat so much ? cp jack . '' we because it represent we primeval desire to control water . kate oh. see ? jack phink about it . all we ' ginning be wet . slosh . no arouné in the womb . baptism . the first life that come from the warm soup of the ocean . from the moment we rise from the slime as aligator we have deen try for dominion over water . there be a long pause . he have stop all conversation . jack ( contd ) you know ? claudia a ( try to be encourage ) ~ mmmm . . rev . 3/7/80 _ 47 51 kate ( chuckle ) Jack love idea . and he can do so much with they . I have see he take one idea at a dinner Party and bring the conversation of a dozen people to 2 complete halt ; - tack ure as a , , Water and co itemplation be forever x " intertwined . ~ or have hy . : . kate 's . ( put hand over Jack 's mouth ) let 's see if you can enjoy this place '' xx without describe it , x ( remove hand from jack ' mouth ) : jack ++- herman melville , x Nick come . out of . the galley wi th a tray full of clam on the shell and a glass of scotch . a nick lady and gentleman , clam - casino . =. noe moe : : claudia oh , God , I love they . ( to Jack ) - T have this insatiable need to - rave dominance over the clam . _ tose from ~ sexuality claudia . + it 's easier that way . Jack start to talk again , kate push a clam in he mouth . . kate here , eat . : : ' mine 's. all close bps . : e Ginny give '' aim 2 curious : take . '' something special about . ' this clam '' $ 1 contd ol a 51 Ginny slowly open it . she look inside . her eye become moist . she look at Nick lovingly . ginny ~ oh , Nick . kate . . that must be some clam . Ginny show they what 's in she clam shell . a pearl ring . os oo» ginny . id it again ... ae 0 % " jack what a guy . claudia I be beginning to feel leave out . kate fish something out from between she tooth . kate mmm. claudia you get something too ? to kate . '' '' tittie sand . . . ( kate kiss Jack ) x X ees 's + ... claudia abh — — .. ack mne . x mo jack ' that 's 's all right . x Ginny be . obviously move by the gift . she put she hand ' on Nick 's . Nick lean over and kiss she tenderly . . : . ginny '' ( to other ) I 'm. just so touch . I be sorry ... x m go inside for a moment . no go '' to : she * cabin . '' ' after a beat , 's Nick rise , 2 nick 's _ I be go to see how she be . Nick go to they cabin . the other sit silently for a moment look towards the cabin . there 's a short pause . claudia you think they be gonna do it again ? X 51 contd 49 51 kate you know I be real piss off at he for what he do to Anne , but I have to tell you , I get a funny feel watch two people who be that much in love . claudia 7 how do you suppose we lose that ? jack we do not . just because they be bump into furniture and we be ~ not , do not mean we have lose interest . : -claudia ( to kate ) be he still thoughtful ? kate ( patting Jack affectionately ) sure , Jack be thoughtful , he give I sand . X claudia yeah ? do he observe good bathroom etiquette ? kate like what ? claudia do he leave the seat up or do he put it down ? ( she look at Danny ) it 's funny how le tend to peop . forget little thing like that . . danny you be not talk about I ? T always put the seat down . claudia sure . you know how many night x in the dark I fall that extra inch onto the porcelain ? kate laugh . she reach over and pat Danny on the cheek affectionately , Claudia look off after Nick and Ginny and become quiet . 51 so contd 51 danny well , I - do not think they be all that adorable . they be make this trip kind of difficult . : jack they be not even on this trip . they be moon around , make goo goo eye . Jesus , if one of they fart the other think it 's - guy lombardo , so what do we do ? throw they overboard ? . . jack I do not know . I want we all 'to feel like we do before , claudia I want to feel like they . Claudia and Danny look at each other for a moment . she look away . after a moment she rise and go to the other end of the boat . danny you know what I love about she ? when she feel something , she be feel it with every cell in she tat ye Danny rise and go after she . jack it 's not the same anymore . what 's different about everybody ? kate well , in the first place , you be jealous of Nick . no , I be not . kate of course , you in you wish pe a ador : young woman '' believe everything you tell she about yourself , I be jealous ? 51 contd 51 51 kate you preen for she . I do not . rate . you do . you hold in you stomach , you comb you hair , you shave . so who care ? enjoy you fantasy . jack , I do not have any fantasy about she . kate ( unconvince ) oh , yeah ? jack well , no serious fantasy . kate ‘ou know , for someone who like to get to the heart of thing , you have a incredible knack for deny you own feeling . a ] jack you wish I be jealous of he so that would alleviate what you feel about she . kate oh , God , if you be angry , get angry . do not start analyze , jack Z be not angry . kate and you be not clenching you tooth , either , right ? jack all right , that 's a problem be have . sometimes when I get angry , I analyze . kate you certainly do . y . 51 52 $ 3 54 52 contd ' : 51 jack ( analytically ) you know why I do that ? kate I do not care why . look , just sit there and hate for a while . do not try to explain it , just revel in it , jack I do not hate and I be not angry . so just shut up about that , okay ? she lock at he for a moment , not believe he -- then she put back she head and laugh . her laughter throw he for a moment -- then he soften somewhat , he take she hand , jack ( contd ) ( smile ) come on . shut up . a loud splash ig hear 0.c. follow by another loup splash . Jack and kate look up toward the other end of the boat . Danny and Claudia 's bathing suit and shirt be hang from a couple of rope . they leok down at the water . Danny and Claudia be swim naked , they look incredibly embarrassed and vulnerable , but happy . ext : water - day 52 claudia what the hell . we think we would try it . ext : sailboat - day : 53 Jack and kate laugh and applaud they . ext : water - day 54 - danny ( good naturedly , wave they off ) do not leok . watch the fish . they be not wear any clothes either . sne ae aca ad ciaudia turn 's and start to swim . ott together . ae eret not cet ror nething much show . oe ct getty - : laughter ' arift '' out over the water which reflect the seep red of the sunset . red and yellow of autumn shimmer on the surface 4 % Pond as 's deer lap water at the pond 's edge . x N ritbon of highway , down , which a mercede tzavel fast through . the brilliant coler of fall in Connecticut . _ gamera follows a leaf as it fall from a tree to the ground of fall . to ' the ' surface fa , slowly move stream , the car ps along the tree line road , we hear vorce ' over : ‘( the ‘view through the rear window be block by ' coat ; band . inggage , . ' present for kid . ) po iat : ww ; we be : ' all go to die ' anyway 's someday ; ' there 's . n need '' Nick , a you ' put you leg ' someplace else ? . 56 57 58 contd 54 56 nick where ? out the window ? claudia . what be we cramped up in here for ? we could have take they station wagon . CUT to : int : mercede - day _ - . 57 the six people be squeeze into five seat : Danny and Nick be in the front . Jack straddle : the hump . the woman be in the back . ext : danny look , a station wagon be a car . a mercede be a thoroughbre . every so often it need to be take out on the open road and challenge . ( he look at Jack who have be give a sandwich by kate . ) do not eat , do not eat ! jack why not ? danny the crumb get into the upholstery . you can not get they out . the car will look like the bottom of a birdcagk . jack Danny , I be starve . danny one loaf of french bread and the resale value go down 500 dollar . you want to eat a 500 dollar sandwich , it 's up to you . jack can I just eat the inside for a dollar ? highway - day 58 the car swerve around a turn . we hear the people in the car moan anxiously . CUT to : rno ~ ee ee a ae ape ou 55 ext : campus - day 59 the car pull into the gate of a small college . they pile out of the car and walk together . kate Claudia , after we find we kid , why do not you and Danny drop we off and go see Mike at wesleyan . claudia we will see he tomorrow . it 's Saturday night . he 's probably out try to get laid . danny what make you think you son be always do something sexual ? claudia please , I be italian . kate '' there 's Beth ! oh God , do not she look great ? Beth see they and run over to the car : she give she mother a big kiss . beth hi , ys . Jack give Beth a kiss . beth ( contd ) ( to the other ) hi. Lisa 's down there somewhere . ( then to kate and Jack , as they all . walk together ) guess what -- I get a a in History ! Jack and kate be almost as excited as she be . " wonderful " , " that 's great " . beth ( contd ) and this teacher be such a jerk ! you would not believe it -- he would not even tell we what to write about . I have to figure the whole thing out by myself . . . ane 2 doane ogy . «2/20/00 s6 59 contd . 59 kate well , he be probably just try to get you to think for yourself . beth no , Mom , this guy be such a jerk , if the jerk have they own country , this guy would be President . Jack smile at he daughter with adoration . beth ( contd ) there she be . . ( call ) lee ... lisal ( to car ) I will go get she . do not go away . Beth take off , kate God , she 's wonderful . danny that kid take a real bite out of life . ginny how do you think Lisa 's do ? nick Lisa 's do great . Lisa 's a strong peand kid . she 's resiliant . CUT to : ext : campus - day 60 another : angle : 60 Beth be walk with Lisa , point : excitedly to she an@ amile at the group . ° in '' Lisa , on the other hand , be the essence of depression . behind she horn rimmed glass , which give she a owlish lock anyway , she be dour , gloomy and morbid . they walk over to the car . everyone enthusiastically greet Lisa , who barely manage a '' hi* in return . nick hiya , babe . you lock great . lisa ri , dad. ( to Ginny ) bi. 8 ? 60 contd 60 y ' beth Mom , can I ask you something ? Beth take kate aside . nick {to Lisa ) gh sleep ? a you get enou sleep ?. Ani food and everything ? you look just great . co lisa ( not show any sign of life ) thanks . nick . {to kate ) do not she look great ? ( to Lisa as they walk to the car ) sco , can you have lunch with we now ? we can eat at the Inn , okay ? '' lisa sure , jack you want to pile in with we ? lisa I will go with Beth in she car . jack - okay , meet you there . you know . where it be . they all climb into the car . nick she leok great , do not she look great ? jack you do not think she look a little . ese gepress ? 58 60 contd 60 nick Lisa ? be you talk about Lisa ? jack yes , Lisa . nick she have a slow metabolism . this be up . 's she 's up today . nobody quite believe this . ginny ( quietly to Nick -- and gently ) why do not you have a talk with she ? nick look , that kid be a survivor . ginny . just a little talk . you could make she feel so much better . nick okay . the car pull away . CUT to : 61 ext : connecticut inn - day 61 they walk from the park car toward the inn . kate do you know that Anne be here this weekend ? nick Anne be here ? . jack be you sure ? kate ( to Nick ) Beth tell I . danny oh , my God . how do that happen ? nick . Anne be grow up . she can take it . jack what - make you think we can ? y 61 59 61 . kate . ( to Claudia ) . do you know she be come ? . claudia I talk to she Tuesday . she say she be go to work it out with Nick , kate . I call she as soon as we say we would come up here just so this would not happen . . claudia . I do not understand this . you do not tell she that you and Ginny be come up here and she do not tell you ? nick I do not know . she might have mantion she be think of it . she never do what she say she 's gonna do . she 's . very unreliable , I do not listen half the time . kate . well , that might be a small problem right there . ginny I do not want to talk she down , but you know , she be unreliable . Nick 's make three appointment with she to meet he at he lawyer 's office and she 's never show up . she do not even call . _ claudia Ginny , no offense , but 21 year ago Nick make a appointment to be there on the other side of the bed every morning , and for the last six month he have not keep he appointment either . jack alright , let 's calm down . it 's not all that bad . it 's just a little embarrassing . 60 61 contd 61 nick I do not see what the big problem be . we be all adult . we will just ... say hello and ... wh ... : danny eee have a nervous breakdown . Ginny 's eye have well up . Shea 's hold back tear . Claudia put she arm around she . : ' claudia - listen , I be sorry . there 's a lot of strain in this situation , and I get passionate sometimes . ginny that 's okay . I know you be just try to he fair to everybody . claudia ( lean over to Nick ) you be the one I want to make cry . ' CUT to : 62 int : lobby - connecticut inn - day 62 Nick and Ginny go to the desk with the other just behind they . nick ( to desk clerk ) you have a reservation for raskin , please ? the clerk smile . clerk you be all register , Mr. raskin . nick I be all register ? clerk Mrs. raskin check in a few minute ago . Nick back away from the front desk as if from a hot stove just as the other get to he . jack be everything alright ? rev . 3/4/80 " the four season " om 62 on for 63 oo ql contd nick everything be just fine . danny do they have we room ? nick - just one minute ... he go to the clerk . - : _ nick ( contd ) can I see you over here for a moment please ? . he take the clerk to the other end of the desk and talk in hushed tone with he . kate what 's the matter ? ginny as far as I can make out , Anne just check into we room . claudia oh my God . jack Zt hope he 's ask for a extra cot . ginny look , we will go someplace else . kate on parent 's weekend ? everything be book within 50 mile of be . ginny . I will sleep in the car . i'12 sit up all night in a diner . maybe the earth will open up and swallow I , int : connecticut inn - day arother angle : Anne be come down the stair and see the crowd . she walk to they . anne hi , everybody . 61 62 63 63 62 contd , 63 everyone be still for a moment , claudia Annie , hi . how be you ? she give Anne a hug and a kiss , I be fine . they all kiss she on the cheek . jack Anne , this be Ginny pearson . they gingerly shake hand . . anne I think we have speak on the phone . ginny yes , I think we have . Nick turn from the front desk and come : over to the group . . nick okay , I have get it all work out . Anne turn and he see she . he suddenly get terribly formal , nick ( contd ) hello Anne . hew be you ? . Fine , Nick . how be you ? nick Fine . there 's a little pause , jack ey now wvihioe at all fine , S there a : ig else we ought to talk about ? kate Jack , just let it lay there . do not get to the heart of thing , 63 64 63 jack why be we all pretend this be not embarrassing ? why do not we just say how we feel ? ( quietly ) y . . I feel like I wish you would sort of shut up . . " nick Lisa 's on she way over . we be have lunch with she . be that okay ? ~ ~ " anne ( coldly ) all right . fI '11 have dinner with she . Nice to see you all . everyone ' say a lame goodbye . Anne leave . they all lock at Nick . nick . see ? what be wrong with that ? Nick pick up he bag and move off with Ginny . kate ( to Claudia ) let 's see how she 's do . Danny and Jack go to the front desk to register -~ as Anne , kate and Claudia go to the door . clerk there will not be any more Zeller come in , will there . claudia ( pleasantly ) there better not be , CUT to : ext : connecticut inn - day 64 Claudia and kate come out of the hotel and see Anne . they go over to she . claudia that must have be murder for you in there . . 64 contd 64 64 anne I will get use to it , kate . should we talk ? I have a feel we should . well ... actually , I have a feel you be all desert I . claudia desert you ? anne : well , you have that party on Labor Day and you ask Nick , but not I . claudia because he be with she . we could not have you at the same Party together . we would have be nervous wreck . kate Anne , we love you . let 's have x next week , okay ? we will see a movie or something . anne good . I would like that . kate you know , it 's true . we have talk on the phone a few time <- but for the past couple of month , we have let you slip out of we life . claudia what 's it be like for you ? anne not bad . well , actually , it 's be pure shit . but I guess it could be worse , kate what be you day like ? anne I do my work . but I tend to lose track . I get on a bus ( more ) 64 65 64 anne ( contd ) and forget where I be go . I watch the street go by and hope that one of they will remind I of what I be do there . I be kind of numb from time to tima . claudia . we should have be call you every day . . anne well , it 's not all bad . owe be try to get out of my rut . I have be think about go to Czechoslovakia . claudia why ? : anne because I have never want to go there , it 's something new . I be try very hard to be less compul - sive ... to be a little more - spontaneous . on the spur of the moment last week I buy a snake . kate . you buy a snake ? anne it feel a little strange for a while -- but once you get use . to he , he 's kind of a nice pet . claudia yeah ? anne yeah -~ well , it be kind of sisguete at first . they eat ce , kate you have really go through a wringer , have not you ? anne I be alright . ina way , I be stronger than ever . ( she eye start to well up ) ( more ) yj ) " the four season " : rev . 3/4/80 64 65 66 anne ( contd ) the funny thing be , every time I think about go to czecho - slovakia I start to ery . kate hug she . Claudia put she arm around both of then : . anne fcontd ) | I will come back later for Lisa , claudia we will - call you Monday for dinner . anne rno okay . kate dnnie , call not at the office . maybe I can have a assignment for you . or I can make 's some anne - 7 do not tell Nick about the snake , x ger ? he think I be nut as it she start to go , then turn back to they . anne ( contd ) you know what ? the hell with he . tell he it 's a goddamn boa constrictar . they smile , Anne go to the car . . CUT to : int : hallway - connecticut inn - pay 65 Danny and Jack be carry bag down the hall . jack I do not understand he , how could he do that to she ? danny listen , he 's get a leng history ef do that *o she . he 's be ving air th other woman all along . dozen , " the four season " rev . 3/4/80 65 ys contd Jack stop in amazement . they walk 67 65 jack what ! danny how could you not know ? they even sleep in you apartment once . ~ x where be I ? . _ danny you give he you apartment key so he could water you plant - and feed you cat when you go eway for the weekend . you do not otice that funny look on the cat 's face when you get home ? jack that son of a bitch . he tell you all this ? . danny . he tell I some of it . some of it come out when he be under gas . for a moment in silence . danny ( contd ) I will tell you , I have lose all my illusion about that guy . every time I syigk spout bin get angry a ress , @o not know . maybe it 's just pois tine of year . bos always autumn . everybody say it 's so beautiful , but for I it 's always just be a time of death . I always get psoriasis in autumn , jack - Danny , believe I , you be not go to die from 's psoriasis , danny what 's that suppose to mean ? ja ck I be just try to comfort you . do not get paranoid . : ? - Jack put 68 65 danny how come everybody think I be paranoid ? you discuss this behind my back , do not you ? he arm on Danny 's shoulder . jack Danny , relax , will you ? you know if you could just realize . what a terrific person you be , you would not think everyone be out to get you . . danny do not analyze I , okay ? first of all , I be not you patient , and second of all , you be not a doctor . jack I be try to help . danny you be not help , you be patronize I . just cut it out , okay ? jack Jesus , do not get so overwrought . what can I do for you ? danny well , first of all , take you arm off my shoulder and stick it up you ass . he stop at he door and go in . Jack look at he for a moment , then go on . CUT to : ext : connecticut inn - day 66 Lisa and Nick be unpack the car . Lisa look morose . nick look , sweetheart , I know what you be go through . my parent separate when I be a kid , too . I hate they for it . I promise myself when I grow up I would ( more ) 66 contd she doe : 69 66 nick ( contd ) remember what it be like to be a kid and I would never do that to mine . the trouble be , here Zt be a adult , and I see thing from the other side . but you be very mature for you age sa . you be resiliant . this wild pass and one day you sing and laugh . believe mar , you be gonna be laugh . be not say anything . she just look like a corpse , they walk toward the ho . Tel . nick ( contd ) look , you whole world do not revolve around I . you have you own life to live . you have make friend in you dorm , vight ? lisa not really . most of the people I have mat here have a peculiar '' idea of a good time . nick like what ? lisa they get drunk and piss off the balcony . p '' nick oh . well , what about the girl ? lisa I be talk about the girl . Nick give she a odd lock , nick you be kid I , right ? lisa I be kid you ? you think it 's @ joke to walk home from the 66 70 66 nick do not you have any friend here ? lisa they do not interest I . nick : there must be somebody . do not you mention a girl from Ohio ? . lisaa . yeah . Marilyn oupenski . she - be great . we be very much alike . but she parent make she go home . : nick why ? . lisa ( shrugging : casually ) she try to swallow a bottle of pill . Nick be stunne . nick why do not you tell I ? lisa ynat would you have do about +? nick I would have comfort you . do not you think I care about you ? do you ? nick Lisa , if the one parson you identify with try to swallow a bottle of pill , do not you think I would be mildly interested ? lisa , well , you keep make all this decision that affect my life without ask I . but that do not seem to bother you . 66 67 71 nick all right , I be sorry I be not straighter with you . but you have to be straight , too . all I be get from you be emotional blackmail . I be try to appeal to you sense of maturity and intelligence , and you sit there like the bride of frankenstein and talk about suicide . he quiet down and come very close to Lisa , nick ( contd ) come on , Lisa . you be not as | morose as all that and you know it . you have get a smile down there somewhere but you be just not let it out . come on , give in , let 's have a nice big she just look at he impassively . Nick try to wheedle it out of she . nick ( contd ) I know you have get one in there . it 's just die to come out , be not it ? look at it , there it be , curling up at the corner of you mouth ... here it come . here come the smile . her expression have not change a millimeter , she just stare at hin . j nick ( contd ) in about two second , you be gonna be burst with laughter . ha ... there it go ... here come a great big laugh ... here it come ... smile , goddammit ! nothing from she , he get up . nick ( contd ) alright , do not ! cur to : int : HOTEL room - Day 67 Nick and Lisa enter . Ginny be unpack . sullenly , Nick reach into he suitcase and take out a bottle of scotch , oo m 67 | m~ | 68 69 72 ginny ( lock at the scotch ) Nick , it 's not even lunch time : yet . . nick Ginny , will you stop with this pathological fear of alcoholism ? I be just go to have a sip , that 's all . two ounce . ginny be not you the one who tell I to remind you not to drink too much ? : nick yes , too much . you remind I all the time . and it 's get on my nerve . he pour himself a shot of whiskey . nick ( contd ) and you know what I do when I get nervous . needle she , he dump a second dollop of scotch in the glass . ginny you can pickle yourself for all I care . she walk out of the room and slam the door . Nick look over at Lisa . she 's finally smile . cur to : int : hallway - connecticut inn = day 68 Danny be come out of he room as Ginny pass he . she 's obviously upset , Danny go back into he room . curt to : int : danny and claudia' room = connecticut inn - day 69 Claudia be put on lipstick in the mirror as Danny enter . danny she 's in tear again . es 69 73 contd 69 claudia who ? : inny , thi . 1 G . = no you should aploogize to she . : claudia . por what ? I get excited , I speak my mind and I say I be sorry . it 's over and do with . danny I do not see how you can hurt someone so utterly guileless and vulnerable as Ginny . Claudia turn to he . claudia she sure take on a lot of mystical quality once you see she swim naked , danny ( offended ) how can you say that ? claudia ( shrugging ) it just say what I think . danny you always have to say what you think ? '' you think you thought should . just plop down from you brain onto you tongue like a gumball machine ? claudia 's I be not go to start , watch what I think or what . I feel . I be rtalian Danny start parade around the room hold he hair with he hand . he speak in a gutteral growl of frenzy : danny I know you be italian ! I do not want ! hear any more how you be italian . here ... wait eee he go to the window and open it . he scream out the window . 69 70 71 74 danny ( contd ) hello , out there . this woman be italian ! he turn to Claudia , : danny ( contd ) alright ? rt will no longer be necessary to announce you ethnic origin in this state , ly in Connecticut know youtre italian . as soon as we cross the border into New York , I will take out a ad in the New York Times . Danny open the door , prepare to leave the room , passion . you may think it 's cha : to express yoursel ? willy -nilly no matter who it hurt , well , I do not think it 's charm . 1 think it 's stinky . he leave the room with true depth of feel , CUT to : int : hallway - connecticut inn - day 70 the room clerk be stare at he . he go back into the room . cot to : int : danny and claudia' room = connecticut inn =~ day 71 Danny close the door behind he . danny ( awash with guilt ) pre room clerk hear everything be . '' claudia ( in mock concern ) oh , my God . now the whole world will know you say word like stinky , cur to : a ctr be eee aan se een menor L cininsaurmnadibncd wubeanshh hatsincecadieabparthg eo mieme ort ttt eame be ie emcee pee mcomisre tee ; zs E eat riz a ream cer rs se et ee breese eo ram SE ae ae ees secor wept g a 72 contd 77 72 beth ido . the trouble be that what she be be a bitch . kate when she act like that maybe you can just laugh at she . like she be a character in a story . beth Mom , that 's impossible . kate why ? beth - because it be . forget it . Change the subject . kate why can not you just say to you - self that 's the way she be . try the beth no . it 's stupid , kate try it once . see what happen . beth no . talk about something else . kate okay . ( beat ) what other friend do you have ? playfully , but with impatience , Beth scream : beth aggrrhhh ! stop . be quiet . she pick up a pillow and put it over she mother 's face . beth ( contd ) time to stop talk . I '' close off you breath now . they roll on the bed laugh . cur to : com soe Jack enter and see Nick leok through a window . . Jack walk away . Nick follow down the hall , - what 's the matter ? .. to just nick i do , . that what -did tr do . " the four season " . rev . 3/7/80 79 74 contd 74 nick Jack , all I have ever get from you be X judgement and disapproval . and x you expect I to come and teil you every time I have a affair with a hat check girl ? jack - ( truly shocked ) '' that 's who you be have affair Lee : with ? hat check girl ? nick ( lose patience ) no . . they be all intelligent worthy woman -- the top people in they field . I can not tell you all they name , but two of they be Margaret thatcher and indira ghandi . jack when you want to talk intelligently , I will talk . otherwise , forget it . Jack go into the dining room . 75 . int : HOTEL lobby - day . 75 Claudia enter the lobby with Danny . x oo danny . I be just ask you to think before ~- you talk . you know , a little guilt y can '' be a wonderful thing . claudia / '' oe ( firmly ) : Danny , why do not you go back upstairs ' and scream out the window for a while . she go . Nick approach Danny . nick thanks a lot . Jack think I be some kind of sexual shark . " '' the four season " ct rev . 3/7/80 80 75 contd . : qs , danny if you be ashamed of what you do , you should not have do it , x nick what do I do that be so terrible ? I was. suffer . I be in pain , oo danny .. anybody who have two dozen woman in three month and be still in pain .. 1s. a virtuoso masochist . . : nick . will you lower you voice ? it be ten at the most . danny ( in mock seriousness ) God , ten woman . that must have be excruciate . Danny go into the dining room . after a beat , Nick follow . at a lo. . CUT to : 76 int : . HOTEL dine room - day 76 the dining room be crowded and noisy . we three xx couple and Beth and Lisa be finish lunch in absolute silence . it be clear that no one have say a word from the time they sit down . the only sound be of fork against . plate and Danny 's figure on he pocket calculator . Jack be slice a apple . Ginny , Beth and Lisa be eat ice cream sundae . Nick have a scotch . have ln x aoe '' danny — .o ' $ 23 from Nick . $ 24.50 from Jack . -. and. $ 16 from I , but let 's split _ it three way . — nick then why mention what everybody spend ? danny : if there be a discrepancy in anyone 's share it would benefit everyone to know . '' the four season " : " rev . 3/7/80 81 76 nick how would I know what my share be ? unless I compulsively add up my bill the whole time I be eat ? ~ danny . . oh , now I be compulsive ? ten minute wpe '' ago I be ' paranoid . . nick - look , give I the whole check . i'1l pay it . : danny I be sorry . I be not in the million dollar round table , myself . here , * you want the check ? you get it . nick for cry out loud , you be a successful dentist . " danny that 's right . this be a checkup and clean . you know how long I have to scrape , poke and polish to make that ? kate - Danny , calm down . danny . please , do not tell I to calm . down ! that 's the second time o. today somebody have tell - I to . :.¢alm -. down . 2 ? kate 3 et 's ‘only my first . : m sorry : Nick , Jack and Danny all start talk at once : | jack look , he want to : keep the book - let he keep the book . danny I do not want to keep the book ! nick . I say I will pay the check - I will pay it ! " the four season " . rev . 3/7/80 — 814 76 76 contd jack ( to Danny ) do not. get upset . — '' : 's danny > again ? _ I be not. upset ! jack ( to , Nick ) do not upset he . nick I do not upset he ~ you dia ! danny . I tell you ~ I be not upset ! nick look , you want the check ? here 's the check , . danny I do not want the check ! jack do not take it so personally . it 's just a lunch check , danny I be not upset ! 7 . " nick he do not need any help to get _ upset anyway . lo : : Beth lean over to kate during the above . : beth I see how it work . it 's just a question of loving acceptance . kate smile at she daughter and quiet everyone down . ( contd ) wait a-minute . hold it : '' of 'r + ( she take a piece : «~~ of paper out of - she bag ) just want.to remind everyone - that we have a deposit on three ' cabin at the timberlake Lodge - ' in ' vermont. on . January 20th ... how sarare - we --going . to : spend a.week - a together. , if .- we - can not : fy retin’ : danny :« ' you make - ' the deposit already ? - commit money ? _ yes , ..5 - commit money ... no one RI ox else . seem to want to take charge 's of this . < you all wait for I to do this thing so i. do they . quietly ) at : dlove ?. we. keep : '' wer plan '' that < throw .us together like . ' peas in :a-pod , - and , °a1 ) six of we be " : totally.incompatible in any conceivable situati , : danny '. a - cy ° - a see ~ there be thirty - six permutation fan ea six person group ... . meg oe oe sack ~ «- ( catter a beat ) : ' '' ~o T hate - it : when - you 'do that .-. quit : . I think ‘we should go to vermont this ' winter . even if it mean a lot 's okay ? Lee . I think we can work it out . . Jack look at kate , _ . of course I be go , you think : - ~ Le ls ~ =~~-- E " m go to lose my deposit ? - bo , ( 77 ext : soccer field - day ... po 77 a '' rb parent / student soccer game be in progress . the ' sixsome sao ot join by they two daughter and . several other parent | @ ~ and kid . Jack , kate and Danny be on one team ; Nick , Claudia and Ginny be on another , . there be a air af rrr in bina see al et eat reremea slatare se et ee pe es arpetee sl egg hs eee abaeice aie anh ren we erecereya peioremasatea ante ae tee marten : eet eae ee eee sen oe hee ee er here aceasta pie a ss eae cameron . sie eee neg ganar omen amerrern ses sense noe et dion on hoos dcesa | aaow eeeicr I do not '' gaffodil ? you know nrun down my ~ + because . I also resent _ hurt yourself . and that 's you. think I like to se so jealous of Nick tha : 2 ta. tack ) , '' sack '' . ( calmly } ie heart of this .. yourself a nymph . courtesy of tellin word — — and not irrational . ; othink we. ought to get : to a : rise you with I do . we be talk about daffodil ! you -for : e@ you t you to. @ he ?. you . . think that mak ke . I feel good ? '' CUT ama rgae pier ne ean ha . wi revised = 3/7/80 . =. ~ you be make I furious . : kate _ be this furious ? - ' I be enraged . . kate : hov m you tell ? - I can not _ see - the difference . '' : maybe : you could learn to stamp your.foot - as a signal . . try , this . _ _ ee oro twhisper hoarsely ) will you shut up ? you know - how you voice carry ? ' mar , -* Jack take a ice bucket and go to the goor , too angry to speak . he turn in .a calm of fury . 78 '' 79 80 81 82 89 contd 78 : jack you know how we good time ' together come in wave ? I would say that right now we be in a very deep trough . he go . CUT to : int : HOTEL hallway - night 79 Jack come down the hall . Danny be fill up a towel with ice from the ice chest . Jack dig into the ice chest , ignore Danny . Ginny come over with a plastic bag which she fill up with ice , she smile . ginny Boy , be Nick sore . poor guy . he love to be baby . she clearly enjoy baby he . wick and Danny lock at each other , share they jealousy . . camera close in on the ice . , dissolve to : ext : winter montage - day . 80 icicles hang on a tree . long shot : : bare tree in freeze stillness as the outline of hill crisscross in the distance . fence sagging against fresh snow . frozen branch in a silver lacework . ext : ski trail ~ day 81 ay expanse of white prom a : ridge line in the distance , a little dot approach the camera . it be someone cross country ski expertly . bxt : ski trail - day 82 closer we sbe it be Nick . he pass we , take the camera to : ~~ 82 83 84 : ~~ 85 86 on 90 contd 82 who can be see struggle toward US on he skis on one side of the frame ag Nick move away from US like a 's gazelle on the other side . after a moment or two , Jack fall over onto the snow . he gamely get up and try again . he fall again . meanwhile : : Nick move gracefully forward , ext : ski train - day : 83 another part of the trail : - Danny be struggle to gain mastery over he skis , he 's not quite make it but he 's come close . ccot to ; ext : ski trail - day 84 a slight incline : down which kate and Claudia be ski . they knee be bent , they head be down , like downhill racer . they be not go very fast , but they be thrilled by it . CUT to : ext : ski trail - day 85 another part of the trail : Ginny , alone , be try to make she way between a couple of tree . she have not judge she distance very well and try to make herself very small as she go past then . she clump around a little , try to regain she balance , loving every second of it . ext : ski trail - day 86 another part of the trail : Jack be just beginning to get the hang of it . he 's exaggerate the rhythm that Nick do so well , but do it . he 's very pleased with himself to be erect , after a moment , though , he 's pass by Danny , who be do even better . he watch go then , try to beat Danny , Jack move on , try to go down a slight hill . he tumble . at the bottom of the hill he rolis across Ginny 's skis . she help he up , laugh and enjoy he effort , 87 a9 91 contd 86 Jack try to get back up the hill and have to struggle not to ski backward all the way down again . cur to : ext : ski trail = day 87 another part of the hill : . Danny be move forward better and better . wick pass by Danny and : do a little jump off a small elevation in the trail . Danny observe this without comment . he 's not get . draw into a competition that 's over he head . Nick make he way back to Danny ' and make another little jump . Danny smile at he and move on . - Nick make he way over to Jack . he do a little jump for Jack 's benefit . Jack try he best to ignore he . CuT to : ext : ski trail - day 88 another part of the trail : kate and Claudia pause by a tree , take off a couple of outer layer of clothing , and stuff they in a crook of the tree and move on , warm and cheer by they ski . curt to : ext : ski trail - day 89 nick and jack : , Nick be really knock himself out challenging Jack . he do yet another jump . this one fairly dangerous . he land hard but recover . — . Jack can not resist . he peel off a couple of layer of clothes and start tramping up the hill in order to have a long run at Nick 's jump off point . Jack arrive at the top of the hill and look down . ext : ski trail - hilltop - day 90 jack '’s Pov : it be a extremely steep run to the jump . 91 93 / 92 ext : ski trail = hilltop = pay gl another angle : Jack be all determination as he bend he knee and ' push off with he pole . he start down the hill . within a few foot he 's pick up a lot more speed than he can handle . he keep low and keep move . he get to the jump , xise in the air and we hear that two word that signal tardy reconsideration : . oh shit ! : Jack landa like a box of match . ski pole , skis , arm and leg stick out in angular disarray from a roll mass of incompetence . . he come to rest with a giant moan . everyone rush to he , Nick be the first to arrive and start to help he up . Jack can not stand on he leave leg . he 's back on the they start to lift he . Jack moan , ext : snow -covered fieids - pay . 92 long shop : snow -cover field -- the woman be carry the skis . Danny and Nick be carry Jack , cur to : int : x-ray room = day 93 it be a very small x- ray room in a very small hospital . Jack be be x-ray . as they help Jack up from the table , Ginny notice that Nick be limping . gt what 's that ? nick what ? : ginny that - the limping stuff , nick I get a little blister . ginny win hag ou you could take a look at he leg ? y 94 95 rev . 2/20/80 93 contd . 93 doctor sure . hop on the table , ' nick there 's nothing wrong with I . . ginny : you land pretty damn hard once . zi see you . , nick alright , look , you want to xeray my foot , go ahead , here , take my picture , . . he grin at Ginny indulgently . the other help Jack to achair , he 's hopping on one . foct , ccur to : ext : hospital step - pay . 94 close up = a foor in a large cast make its way down the step . seeera pull back to reveal that the foot in the cast be attach to Nick raskin . Jack follow behind he , hopping on crutch , Danny be beginning to hold he stomach in some discomfort . they all help each other into the station wagon and drive off , CUT to : int : HOTEL dine room - that apternoon 95 the three couple be the onl people in the room . they be finish dinner , '' Danny take a thermometer cut of he mouth and check he temperature . danny it 's climb a quarter degree a hour . Jack and kate smile at Danny 's intense concern over he thermometer . he shoot they a look and they quiet down . danny ( contd ) I be not go out in the cold anymore , I will tell you that , _. " the four season " jo ls rev . 3/7/80 a . oo 94 . om 95 - contd . oe - 95 kate well , that 's exactly half of we fell by disaster on we first ' day . what do we do now ? jack . how about if we talk ? ever since we -,.8aw the kid at school , we have be walk on egg .... we have dinner -- we talk about the news , we talk about we child -- x * but we have not really talk . > kate ( not too sure she want to hear this ) about what ? have wee a. sack - about 's we . you be gonna jump all over . I ~~ but I think we should clear the air . x they groan and laugh at he . oe pen a pa ' please -~ some of we be not feel toc well . . x oe claudia the last time we clear the air there be hody strewn all over Connecticut , soo kate : : : the thicker the air be the longer we will last . pao jack 's : - well , I be sorry , I do not think we be the kind of people who pal around to kill ime .. we have the ability to go deeper . '' think we long for a certain kind of ' warmth that you can only get from close friendship . and I think we should sit down and hash this thing out . nick could I suggest something that would really reveal we inner selve -- how ~~ about a few hand of seven card draw with deuce wild ? rev.3/7/80 0 = ) 95 , : '' the four ' season " '' 95 cowrp : oo . . 95 , of : Le of jack a we have a chance to talk about . we pain and fear and anxiety and you would rather play card ? nick I no rather have my tooth drill . what the hell do you want to dig up a bunch of worm for ? of > jack - '' because T think . it , be . worth ate , orget its : wed - CUT to :.- a96 " int : '' lobby -- night | : : ag96 they be sit glumly around the fire . Claudia be '' _. sketching . Nick hand Jack a copy of fortune Magazine . és nick dia you see this ? — '' jack I see it . 7 oe a : nick - Anne 's have picture in it . she 's : work . she 's meeting people . . she 's never be better . and you will notice this be picture of people , not kumquat . jack '' T see ait . | ' Nick put the magazine < down . Ginny come into the : koom with coffee - . hey guy , '' why do not we have some fun ? ' you : know . that roadhouse about 15 mile ‘rom. here ?: they must have music tonight . '' we can not dance , but we can listen and 7 '' have a beer . maybe it will relax we . 2 '' kate I think that 's a great idea . jack oo ( a little grimly ) c Fine . I be not against have a good time . let 's have fun . . : kate ~ do not hurt yourself laugh . thev cet up . . they mn " the four season " rev . 3/4/80 96 954 ext : HOTEL ~ night % they leave the hotel and make they way to the station wagon . . : nick ( to Jack ) whén be you go to forgive I for marrying Ginny ? ever ? jack . : you can do anything you want . nick yeah , but where 's that warmth you keep talk about ? you be - as cold as that freeze lake out there . 97 , 96 contd , . 96 jack listen , I adore Ginny . I have nothing but the deep affection for both of you . nick : but you will not forgive I . jack ( to Danny ) be this man crazy or what ? danny no , he 's not crazy . you want we to level with one another ? . ( to Nick ) the truth be we be all mad at you , we love Ginny , but wetre upset because Anne be go , jack well , maybe they be mad at you but I be not . 's 11 danny well , good , as long as we be all honest and open kate be this the fun part ? be we have fun yet ? they get in the car and drive off , CUT to : int : ROADHOUSE - night 97 it 's crowded and noisy . we couple enter and look for a table , there be a trio play that be try hard , but kind of lousy . they sit + a waitress come over to they . . waitress what can I get you folk ? jack ( to the other ) beer ? they all agree . '' the four season " rev . 3/7/80 97 97 contd . 97 nick yeah . and give I a j&b on the rock , too . Ginny give he a look . he ignore she . they listen to the music which be get even worse . : danny great band . kate I always wonder what happen to the old Glenn Miller arrangement . lo ( to Ginny ) : : he use to be a band leader . _x - ginny I know ... my mother tell I . x jack so , ' you do not think I be honest , huh ? danny Jack , forget it , okay ? I be sorry I say anything . jack come on , say what you think . danny you really want I to ? ( gently ) I think sometimes you be a little cold . there 's always a little part of you that hang back -- and judge . you always want to get to the bottom ‘of thing -- but only so long as you make the rule . : ( 7.0 jack - 1 see . . look , that 's all right . it 's human . mo jack right . okay , I be human . I do not mind be human as long as we recognize that you be human , too . danny yes , I be human . rey . 3/4/80 " the four season " 98 97 ' contd 97 jack as long as we realize that it 's also human to be the world 's foremost authority on everything from who order the roast beef at lunch to the nervous system of newt . to be so completely obsessed with you own body that , you take you temperature at the dinner table . se cianer table kate : hey , let 's cool this off before it go too far , danny let I tell you something , Jack . I be ten year older than you . and I just hope , when you get to be my age , that you do not smell the foul breath of death and . @isintegration over you shoulder the way I do over mine . I go to sleep at night and lie down on a ache that will not go away . I wake up in the middle of the night , sweating , hearing my bone decaye . x I have shift into a state of entropy that be progress geometrically , ~ 7 jack see ? entropy . progress x geometrically . you sound like @ bad textbook . why can not you just talk English ? Danny almost shake with .anger . . : danny goddammit ! I just tell you my deep fear , why can not you | - slisten to what I be say instead - er how I be say it ? do you ave any idea what it 's like to be atterd of death ? I can not eat a bowl of cereal anymore because I have a irrational fear of milk . I just stand there in ( more ) 97 contd 99 97 danny ( contd ) hallway because I be afraid to press strange elevator button . last week I almost throw out all my jockey short because of a fear of elastic . in spite of herself , kate laugh . kate be indulgen : ginny do not laugh at he . danny no , laugh . goon . I 'ma fool to you . a collection of eccen - tricity . you think because I be quirky , I do not hurt . well , you have it wrong . I be quirky because I hurt . ' kate Danny , I be sorry . ( ahe smile again , in spite of herself ) come on ... you be afraid of - you underwear ? danny I be die and she 's laugh . ginny we be not laugh , Danny . Danny drop the whole thing . danny porget it . listen to the music . jaughing and try not to . Danny smile ye ginny come on , let 's dance . she pull Danny to he foot . no -- thanks , claudia dance . go ahead . reluctantly he do . kate be still laugh '' ' the : leok at she , nghing y 97 98 99 100 conrp 97 kate well , I be have one hell of a time . cuT to : ext : HOTEL - night oo , 98 they get out of the station wagon . they be a little high and sing a song that the band have be play =~ and laugh , . Danny do not join in . he 's not = sulk -- just quiet .. Ginny notice he - silence . they enter the hotel . ' CUT to : int ; HOTEL lobby - night 99 they move into the room . some of they go to the fire ~ place . Nick toss on a log . claudia I wonder if we can get some coffee . hello ? anybody home ? - Claudia , be quie " 's £ 4 a t . it 's five in the morning . claudia well then , how about bacon and egg . they giggle at that . nick you try to get we throw out ? claudia ee comet sleep here . I do not there 's anybody in this building but we . '' Ginny notice Danny by himself . he pick up a magazine . kate I will get we something , kate go into the kitchen and Ginny follow . CUT to : oo 101 100 «=4int : xitchen - night , . 100 kate enter and put a pot of water on the stove . Ginny come in and help . ginny I think Danny 's upset . kate he 's all right . ginny we have be laugh all night and he have not join in . TI think he 's hurt , I think maybe we owe he a apology . : kate you mean because I laugh at he ? ginny well , yes . kate lock , Ginny , when people have be friend as long as we have , it 's not such a terrible thing to kid somebody out of a depression . so do not get upset about what you do not understand . kate leave the room . Ginny follow she out . cur td : '' 201 int : lobby - night 101 xate and Ginny enter . . : ginny _ , alright , '' I have just about have it with you people . x nick ( eross to Ginny ) x what 's the matter ? ginny I will tell you what 's the matter . I be mad . ( Ginny step away from Nick to group ) x I fall in love with this man and then all of a sudden in addition to he , I have four constant companion . i. have to work out a new relationship with ( more ) io '' the four season " rev . 3/7/80 101 102 103 102 contd 101 ginny ( contd ) somebody who 's go through the worst period of he life , only T can not do it privately . I have get to do it in front of four other people . and it 's not as if . my privacy have be invade . you x let I know every day that I be in on you territory . let x I tell you something , as far as I be concerned , you be all demand and unforgive . every single one of you . everybody 's warm and sweet and civil =~ and every — body ignore I . I be like a leper => a blank spot where Annie use to be . ( she let that sink in a moment ) . I be go to take a run in the snow . she get she ski jacket and go cut the front door , the other be quiete by she passion . there be a embarrassed silence . Nick hebbles to the door and look out after she . CUT to : ext : snow cover field - night 102 Ginny disappear into the night . CUT td : int : HOTEL lobby ~ night , 103 be nick zt hope she 's all right out there . kate you know , I wish I have not say that , claudia what happen ? x kate gesture as if to say " forget it " . Nick go out the door . x * CUT to : 104 103 ext : HOTEL = night . 104 ' nick ocall ) Ginny ! kate and the other come outside after Nick . : nick ( contd ) I be go after she , kate you have get a crack metatarsal -- nick she 's liable to fall down in the dark . claudia , so what ? she fall down in the daylight and she do not hurt herself , nick yeah , well in the dark she could get hurt . _° Nick hoebble after she , try to see she . Jack and Danny follow . jack Nick , she will be all right . Rest you foot . nick look , I be not go to take the risk of she fall down out there . danny why not ? : nick because she 's pregnant . there be a slight pause , jack because she 's pregnant ? nick watch ( to , Danny ) 1 fa S , some real heartwarmi . acceptance . , 2g you be 43 year old you be | go to start have baby ? | ss se on - nick - with what ? _ airedale ? xe go to freeze let 's go inside . i ee ye xe- out here . . ( to everyone ) | '' - you know , when she run out of here I start to think - o£ - all the friend we have have over the year who have jogge out of we life . all the one mo have be - inconvenient . fee to'stay friendly with . and it . scare I . they have move to .-.~.- another ' state '- or get . @ i- yorce . —.or : else we have . just - get they be kind of a pain . in the a ass . and pretty soon we never see . not they again . I all tell ' you Jack , I . do not : want to be one of two people = «.. - alone in the. world at - the end of - my-. life , . I want.to have. friend ... to Jack ) 2 .» pe ts okay ? why , do not ’'we just let they be ee se wou . wack . . ° ( stew ) - nee .ye mn other . word , I be the problem . * . I have to do thing my way , I be : coe unforgivi and cold and judge — ........... —- 1 right 105 | contd t ' out once in a while ? he throw 106 105 danny right . jack we be talk about I ? . kate Jack , you know that probing question you ask all the time ? you be . the only one who ever answer they . everybody dance to you tune , jack that make I sound like a tyrant . ' craudia ( smile ) so what ? jack < I be not a tyrant , goddammit . ( he slam down a book ) no matter what kind of crap I get from people all I do be smile , I never give a response that 's anything but rational , and fair and cheerful . ( he hit the coffee table with a ashtray on each word ) hey ! careful . kate why do not you le you anger jack you want anger ? &@ sculpture at the wall . everyone duck . jack ( contd ) there . there 's some anger . how 's this ? he try to break a chair against the fireplace . he throw it into the flame , jack ( contd ) be that angry enough ? huh ? 107 105 contd / 105 Danny pull . the chair out of the fireplace . danny you know how much this will cost ? jack how about this ? | he start throw vase and lamp at the wall . danny I be not pay for this . this be you expense . jack I expect closeness and warmth and unconditional acceptance from you and all I get be secretiveness , and neurosis and a lot of people tell I that I be judgemental ! he pull a moose head off the wall and try to pull the antler off . Nick and Danny grab he and subdue he . they hold he immobile , / nick quiet . come on , quiet down . jack God damn it . God damn it . his arm hold to he side , he quiet down , but be still upset . they comfort hin for a moment and let he go . they all sit there spend . claudia I wonder what other people do on they vacation . Jack be appal at what he 's do , God , I be sorry . Jesus , look what I do . nick alright -- so you freak out a little . so what ? 105 contd 108 105 jack I lose complete control of myself . kate - Jack ... nobody care . you be not the best little boy in the world , and ... I hate to break this to you ... but you be not the worse little boy in the world either , d Jack lock at she with tenderness . jack : you know , sometimes when you say thing like that ... I really hate you . kate ( after a beat , glad he 's honest with she ) thank you . sometimes I hate you , too , they smile . Nick be at the window , lock out . he get he ski jacket and start put it on . claudia what be you do ? nick I be go to find she . jack wait a minute . you stay , I will find she . I can do it . jack with a crack metatarsal ? Jack put on he ski jacket . kate Jack , do not be ridiculous . jack he 's get a break foot . kate you have get a tear ligament . =~ " the four season " . rev . 3/7/80 109 105 contd 105 claudia what do you guy think a pregnant woman be , a invalid ? danny you guy would not get ten foot in that snow . - jack ( point to Nick ) I can get farther than he can . danny - well , I can get farther than both of you . nick . look , she 's my wife -- and I will go after she , - x Danny put on he ski jacket . kate how long be you go to keep x try to outdo one another ? claudia can I remind you that the reason you be all lay around immobilize be this stupid need you have to see who 's the biggest jerk in the bunch ? danny I will be back in two minute . ( to Jack ) see if you can fix this place up , will you ? that moose will cost a fortune . he leave . : CUT to : : 106 ext : snow cover field --dayy °° '' 406 . Danny come out of the inn and jog across the field . he see Ginny jogging across the freeze lake and call to she . danny Ginny ... Ginny ... she turn and look at he . rev . 2/20/80 110 106 = contd . 106 danny ( contd ) wait right there , Ginny be puzzle . Danny run to she , take charge , rescue she , . . danny ( contd ) just stay right th '' do not move . I will be right there . he do not get very far before he plunge right through ' the ice and go splash into the cy water . he let out a wild call of distress . utter panic . he . try to climb out , only to break off more thin ice . he 's stick . Ginny be dumbfounded . she look at he , confuse . danny ( contd ) go to the lodge and get help . Z can not get out . she take off for the inn as fast as she can . Danny continue to struggle , and scream after she . danny ( contd ) run , go faster . CUT to : 107 ) '' ext : HOTEL - pay 107 Ginny run to the inn and enter , breathless . through the window , we see the other rush over to she . nick be you okay ? . ginny Danny go through the ice , he can not get out . claudia qh , God . they rush for they coat , kate what do we do ? how do we get he out ? 107 108 109 rev . 2/20/80 lil contd 107 nick we will throw he a line and pull he out with the car , jack what line ? where do we get a line ? claudia he keep rope in the car . come on . : they rush out . nick who have a key ? ' claudia here. : ( she toss he a key ) they head for the mercede and take off in it . CUT to : ext : road to lake - day 108 they go skid across the lake . we hear : jack ( vo ) careful . go slow , will you ? there 's thin ice here . nice I be all right . where be he ? do you see he ? | : ginny there . he 's. over there . ext : frozen lake - day 1o9 they get near Danny -- who 's still struggle . they get out of the car and gingerly get closer . Claudia have a lap blanket from the ear . Danny be start to choke and cough . they toss he one end of the rope and tie the other to the car . offer he encouragement as Nick back the car up , with much spin of wheel -- they slowly pull he from the water . they rush to he and work feverishly . he 's almost - '' the four season " . rev . 3/4/80 109 112 contd . 109 unconscious . they lay he on 's he back . Nick give he mouth to mouth resuscitation . after a moment , Danny fight he off and throw up . they be all relieved . claudia Danny , be you all right ? 7 danny '' yeah ... yeah . nick God , he almost drown , danny . I be all right . I be all right , thank you . I be okay . thank you . he take Nick 's hand and squeeze it in gratitude . danny ( contd ) I almost die . God . thank you , Danny look through they leg , and see the car slowly sink backward into the lake , he let out a cry of pain , danny ( contd ) oh , my god. my mercede . he get to he foot , the car go under and disappear . danny ( contd ) oh God , a diesel ! it 's brand new . . x in three year it will be worth twice what I pay for it . they put they arm around he . Claudia 3 the blanket around he shoulder . put nick ( comforting he ) we will get somebody to fish it out , Danny . 109 113 contd 109 danny ( pull away ) what the hell be I go to do with a rusty mercede ? oh , God , it 's go . it sink like a stone . he cry and tear he hair and clothes . 's claudia Danny , you be alive , you have you life -- and you have we . and we love you . now shut up . Danny calm down . he pat they arm - gratefully . danny I be sorry , I go a little crazy . what do I care about a car ? you be what I care about . you. ( burst out again ) oh , God , you sink my car ! they hug he and calm he . finally , he let they console he and hug they back , danny ( contd ) alright . okay . ' the hell with the car . I love you . thank you , they all kiss and hug . then they turn and , arm around one another , shey hop , hobble and lurch across the lake toward they cabin as the blue dusk embrace they , as they walk , they back to camera , they figure diminish in size , we hear : danny ( contd ) what would you bring it on the ice for ? — , nick will you shut up , for chrissake ? we save you goddamn life . ginny what be you yescuing I for , anyway ? I be perfectly all - right . kate I be so feed up with this macho bullshit . no more stunt , all right ? 114 109 ° conrp 109 claudia you guy really piss I off , you that ? jack | : . all right , we get the point , - okay ? . it 's go ! T will never see it againi tt be & classic , a classic ! . they voice c on be raise in hold impatience ... but they be to one another for dear life , pade we . ''