the aeronaut written by Jack thorne Story by Tom harper and Jack thorne script order as of lst august 2019 shoot script - 20th July 2018 blue revision - 13th September 2018 pink revision - 18th December 2018 yellow revision - 15th January 2018 GREEN revision - 17th januray 2019 goldenrod revision - 8th April 2019 buff revision - 6th June 2019 '' 2018 amazon content service LLC or its affiliate . all rights reserved . this material be the exclusive property of amazon content SERVICES LLC or its affiliate and be intend solely for the use of its personnel . no portion of this script may be perform , or reproduce by any mean , or quote , or publish in any medium without prior write consent of amazon . com inc . or its affiliate . throughout history , dreamlike storey and adventure have always attach themselves to balloon . some be factual , some be fantasy . this one be a mixture of the two . inspire by true event . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 2 int . carriage . vauxhall street . london . day . 1 we see flash of memory . a balloon in trouble . a man * fall . * glint of sunlight through a ominous grey sky . * amelia wren , late 20 with a hazardous expression , sit behind the window of a fast move carriage . she 's look up at the sky - and there 's pain mirrore in she eye . * amelia wren stop the carriage . she bang hard on the roof . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) stop the carriage . the carriage be pull to a stop . ext . vauxhall street . london . continuous - 2 amelia get out of the carriage - she tumble out in she need to dismount with speed . she stand on the dirty street . she try to recover she composure . antonia , she caring sister , get out of the carriage behind she . on-screen title : london , 1862 . * antonia Amelia , be you quite well ? amelia look at she . antonia ( cont 'd ) you do not need to fly today . return to Richmond with I ... amelia wren antonia , I just need a moment . antonia with all you have be through ... no - one would think worse of you .... amelia wren I would . I would think worse of I . * I make a agreement with Mr * glaisher . * antonia you barely know the man ! and the * * little you do know , you be irritate by . * the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 3 amelia wren antonia , please , just give I a moment . antonia frown and nod . antonia last piece of sisterly advice - doubt be there to be listen to . she re-enter the carriage . amelia look up at the sky . she think . she lie back on the pavement , she take a moment . a man walk by and tut disapprovingly , but amelia do not care . she look up , ever up , and then she smile . title over : behind amelia , in the back of shot , we see a boy running along the STREET . ext . vauxhall street . london . continuous - 3 title continue : and now we be with the 9 year old , a boot black in uniform , as he run , this be charlie . he run alongside dilapidate slum terrace house . he have a look of intensity on he face . he approach a intersection of busy street . fill with cart , carriage , cow and horse . he run straight across - cause a carriage and a cart to take evasive action . coachman oi ! charlie stop and turn , he dance this way and then dance that . a smile on he face . coachman ( cont ’d ) you little ... charlie run on . on the other side of the road , he run alongside a long queue of people beside a wooden fence . he run through and past they all . he see what he 's look for - a big sign ' history made . here . today . how high can they go ? '' above the sign sit a paint picture of a gas balloon . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 4 ticket tout the widow wren take to the sky to break the world record . get you ticket ! next to the sign be a tall hedgerow . charlie check that he 's not be watch , and then he duck down through a gap in the hedge , push through a hole in the fence behind , and sneak into the garden . ext . vauxhall pleasure garden . continuous - 4 title continue : everywhere there be horde of people - all move in one direction . there 's a air of anticipation and the chatter of excitement . charlie weave and dodge , pass food seller , Waveswinger , revolving chair and merry - go-Round - stall and entertainment all put on to make the most of the occasion ( and maximize the money take ) . but charlie run through it all , determine . until he get to the only thing he want to see - the only thing everyone want to see - he look up in awe towards : a enormous red and white stripe , silk air balloon . bigger , better , bolder than the picture on the sign . 93,000 cubic foot , 80 foot tall , and 55 foot wide , cover in a vast rope webbing ... it tower over the top of the fair . this be the mammoth . it be unlike any gas balloon you have see . and it be magnificent . Charlie 's mouth gape open , and then he smile . the aeronaut and we travel past charlie , towards the balloon , it rest at the centre of a amphitheatre type structure , fill with the vast crowd that have gather to see the balloon rise . around the circumference of the balloon , 16 man hold guide rope to keep the mammoth in place , with further rope tie to stake in the earth . the basket have a temporary platform surround it . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 5 ext . vauxhall pleasure garden . continuous 4a we settle on a man in the basket of the balloon stow a series of instrument and try to ignore the fact that he be at the centre of all the attention . this be jame glaisher , 35 , a man whose forensic attention to detail bely the adventurer within . he look at he pocket watch , irritate , and then check and recheck that the binding on one of he barometer be securely fastened - a job he 's clearly do a hundred time already this morning . another man , JOHN trew , bookish and loyal , ascend the temporary wooden step to the platform . jame glaisher she 's late . JOHN trew she be , but that be the least of you problem . jame glaisher we will lose the light ... JOHN trew James , do the cloud not look ominous to you ? but jame do not look at the cloud , he 's consume , he climb out of the basket and check he watch . jame glaisher I repeatedly explain the importance of catch the right light and the right wind at the right time and - jame turn to he bag , he begin to check further instrument inside . amongst they we see a compass , two thermometers ( a '' dry '' and a '' wet '' one , which be wrap in a muslin and submerge in water ) , a spectroscope , a magnet , a barometer , and a hygrometer . JOHN trew James . look up . jame look up . he see the dark cloud , he frown . jame glaisher not a concern , John , the reading I take this morning be quite clear that ... the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 he bend to another basket . he put some feed into it . pigeon inside coo appreciatively . JOHN trew Far be it from I to doubt you , but you weather prediction have be wrong in the past and it 's just possible ... ned ( 0.s. ) do not even think of it . the ned be a tall bald man with a dour face . jame look at he and smile to mask a grimace . jame glaisher ned Chambers , John trew , my very good friend . John this be ned , one of the hardy entrepreneur who have invest in we expedition - JOHN lean down from the platform to shake ned 's hand . but ned pay he no attention , he ascend the stair to the platform , loom over jame ominously . ned do not even think of tell I flight be not possible . JOHN trew Mr Chambers , we be scientist of the air , and we can tell you the one thing no - one can control be - well - the air - ned I have pay for gas , I have pay for silk - and be this balloon not the strongest and large that 's ever be ? JOHN trew but even so it can not fight the weather , you do not want to be responsible for a tragedy , Sir . ned I do not wish to be responsible for refund the ten thousand who have come here ' cause you promise they history and -— jame glaisher ( cut in ) we will fly , ned . we will fly . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 7 JOHN trew look at he friend concerned , ned smile . jame glaisher meet eye with ned . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) we only need the sky to hold for ninety minute - once we be above the cloud line , it will be fine . ned good . that 's fix . now - do you not promise I a five o'clock ascent ? jame glaisher I do . I be merely wait for the pilot . it 's not the first time she 's keep I wait . ned smile and walk away through the crowd . jame watch he go and then look up anxiously at the cloud . JOHN trew what a truly pleasant man - jame - deliberately not look up - start to load a series of sample jar into the balloon , wrapping each one in cotton and then place they into the case . jame glaisher one must make compromise in order to achieve greatness my friend .... he hear a roar from the crowd , he turn towards it , as do jame . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) and he 's merely one compromise . ext . vauxhall pleasure garden . continuous - 5 fast approach , stand on top of a carriage draw by 4 horse - get cheer from all side - amelia be now resplendent in a dress festoon with feather . it 's a complete transformation from the woman we see earlier , the woman almost cow by the world be now wild and fabulous . she have the crowd in the palm of she hand and have a look of utter delight on she face . as the carriage pull alongside the balloon , one of the man hold the rope pass one to she . she swing from it onto the rostrum . she do a cartwheel on landing , and turn that cartwheel into a flip . she land , and present to the crowd . jame glaisher you be incredibly late . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 8 amelia wren lesson number one of aeronaute - we be creature of the sky and have no respect for landlocked clock . she walk around to the step lead to the basket , and speak loud enough for everyone to hear she . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) Mr. glaisher , be you really not a gentleman at all ? hold out you hand to I . jame hold out he hand . she take it . and then she tumble from the step into he arm . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) naughty . the crowd cheer . ned push through the crowd to see she , amelia smile at he beguilingly . jame glaisher be you ready ? amelia wren Mr glaisher , you have no conception of how ready I be . ned smile at she shyly . she get into the basket with a flourish , and then wave to the crowd . she whistle - ext . vauxhall pleasure garden . continuous 5 a - and jump from the carriage window come a dog in a small coat . she hold out she hand , he jump into she arm . jame glaisher no. absolutely not . under no circumstance be we take a dog . amelia wren I tell you we have need to put ona show for takeoff , and the crowd prefer my dog to you box . she indicate the scientific instrument be load into the balloon . jame glaisher this be essential meteorological instrument . * the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 9 amelia make eye at one of the man hold the balloon down , they nod at she authoritatively , she nod back . amelia wren and this be a essential dog . she 's call posey . the essential posey . she put posey down , and he enter the basket through a little open in the side . the crowd cheer . jame grimace . she pull herself from he arm onto the edge of the balloon . she balance along the edge , all nimble beautiful energy . she raise she hand in the air . the crowd whoop . she be astonish . she raise she hand again for silence . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) lady and gentlemen . today myself - Amelia wren - my naughty scientist Mr. glaisher - and my wonder dog posey - be go to change the world . be you ready for we to do so ? there be loud cheer . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) this balloon on which I stand - the mammoth - be a balloon like no other and will allow we to ascend higher into the air than any man or woman have ever go . she raise she hand in the air . the crowd laugh and cheer again . she look out in the crowd and see a man she recognise : pierre . she look at he a moment and then control herself . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) the french rise to 23,000 foot . today , we will break they record and reclaim it for this fair shore . who know , we may reach the moon and bring back star dust ! ( beat ) today be a day when history will be make - and you will all be part of it . ( to glaisher ) Mr glaisher , now 's you moment . up you get . there be yet more cheer . amelia pull jame upwards , so he too balance on the basket . amelia raise both she hand into the air . on cue , firework go off around the park . * 5b the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 10 brilliant sparkling eruption of colour surround the amphitheatre . the crowd roar . ext . vauxhall pleasure garden . continuous 5 B jame look around at they all - a bemuse smile on he face - whilst amelia quickly and efficiently check the rigging and valve surround the basket . jame glaisher firework ? amelia wren be you ready ? jame glaisher I just need to retake my ground reading and then a final check of the equipment .... she count the sand bag , she check the appendix and finally she check the valve line . she 's fast , precise and magnificently efficient . amelia wren well , my equipment be all prepare in advance . now , do not touch that rope , Mr glaisher - it ’1ll let out the gas . jame glaisher I do know how a balloon work . she signal to the man on the ground - who let go of the rope and kick out the stake . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? amelia wren we fly . jame glaisher Ground reading be essential - if they be not accurate , then everything I take from now on - the balloon rise up . jame look around , slightly bewilder , he start desperately to take temperature and pressure reading . amelia wren the sky await . amelia take a handful of sand and deposit it off the side of the balloon which fall to the floor beneath . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 11 there 's a moment of stasis and then - with a jerk and a creak or two - the balloon begin to rise up . slowly at first , but with gather speed . it 's majestic . JOHN trew God speed , old man . JOHN trew call up to the basket . but jame glaisher do not even notice he , he 's too intent on get he notation down . the crowd watch in wonderment as the mammoth silently ascend . amongst they we pick out the face of charlie . ext . balloon . vauxhall pleasure garden . continuous - 6 400ft . rising 400ft / min. 25c / 77f amelia have a business - like air that we have not see before . she pull herself up onto the netting on the side of the balloon . jame glaisher what be you do ? amelia wren give the people they money 's worth . she lean out and wave , the crowd cheer . the balloon rise to sixty foot and then a hundred . thousand of people watch from below , all with they face turn upward to the sky . she climb further up the side of the balloon . jame glaisher wo not you damage the integrity of the balloon ? amelia wren perhaps . she pull a cord on the side of she dress and the feather fall from it from all side leave she half the size . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) I love you all . jame glaisher this be insane . the feather twinkle down in the wind , and be gather enthusiastically by the crowd below . she lean out further , keep good hold of the netting as she do , but she lean too far , she lose she grip , and she suddenly slip - the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 12 jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) no ! she scream - and then spin athletically around the hoop and smile . the crowd cheer below . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) for God 's sake . amelia wren it 's what they call entertainment , Mr glaisher . jame glaisher well , I be not find it particularly entertaining . amelia wren yes , it require a sense of humour . which you seem to .. lack . she hang nonchalantly in the air , she arm outstretch , welcoming the applause , she smile wider still . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) oh , do not look so sour . the dog . give I the dog . jame glaisher what do you mean give you the dog ? amelia wren pass I posey , Mr. glaisher . jame glaisher I be not hand you the dog . jame wrestle with this notion . amelia wren posey , now . before we lose they . he scrabble around in the basket for the dog . eventually he 's able to grab posey and pass the dog up to she . but as he do , she let posey slip from she grasp . she scream and he holler out in astonishment - as the dog plummet past he , fall towards the earth with a yelp , she look down after it - anguish - and then the dog 's parachute open . a parachute ? the crowd cheer ever louder . she smile . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 13 she spin round on the hoop and kiss the air extravagantly . jame look at she - unsure what have happen here , but sure he do not like it . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) oh , well do posey ! well do . she watch as posey be catch in ned 's arm below and then breathes in a tremendous breath , she be high on exhilaration . * she see jame look up at she . * amelia wren ( cont 'd ) Mr glaisher , you be airborne for the first time in you life , I suggest you spend less time frown at I and more take in the world we have just leave . jame look down and suddenly it seem all of London be laid out below . ext . balloon . sky over london . continuous - 7 1,200ft . rising 400ft / min. 23c / 73f amelia look at jame , she smile quietly at he astonishment . amelia wren ( soft ) quite something be not she ? London . when we be further up , we will be able to see across to Windsor and down to Brighton . with current bear , we should end up somewhere south of canterbury . but anything be possible in this weather . + h hk jame say nothing . amelia look at he a moment more and then be a hive of energy balance they equipment . from entertainer to businesswoman in two short breath . jame glaisher it all look so - amelia wren insignificant ? with one final look down , she pull herself down to the basket , flash he a smile and then turn back to she equipment . jame glaisher do you take anything seriously ? jame shake he head . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 14 jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) that people gather to see a act of science , to witness we break the height record , they do not need to see a fly dog . amelia wren still stick there , be you ? amelia pull she sleeve down and start to take she make - up off . jame glaisher I have spend much of my life be laugh at for what I do miss wren , I do hope today of all day might prove a exception . he return to he book . she watch he carefully . amelia wren tell I , what determine you reputation ? jame glaisher my reputation ? amelia wren you stand in the scientific community ? jame frown , consider sincerely . jame glaisher I be aware what reputation mean . the papers I have write , the discovery I have uncover . amelia wren you reputation be build on paper . my reputation be build on scream . that people below come to be entertained . and they - if you do not know - be the one pay for this trip . jame look at she , then shake he head , as he take a pair of opera- glass out of a pocket in the side of the basket . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) off to the opera ? he ignore she and use the glass to look up at the sky - the darken cloud - he frown , but then dismiss he worry . 10 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 15 amelia wren ( cont 'd ) do not try and pretend that cloud be not a concern . jame glaisher I be the scientist . you be the pilot miss wren . let 's stick to we role shall we ? he look down at greenwich observatory , hundred of foot below . omitted 8 ext . greenwich observatory . continuous - 9 a young jame glaisher be climb fast up a sloping roof , wear a large shoulder bag . he be be pursue by JOHN trew . JOHN trew jame . James . jame glaisher I will not miss this , John . jame open a window , climb out of it and be go . JOHN trew for God 's sake . JOHN make a face to himself . and then cursing he better nature , crawl up the roof after he friend . JOHN trew ( cont ’d ) it be in the air , we could have stay on the ground and look up . jame glaisher we must see it from the best vantage point , johnny . jame pull himself onto the roof . JOHN a few window behind he , with one more despair look to the ground , pull himself after . ext . greenwich observatory . roof . day 10 JOHN lie flat on the roof , panting deeply . bell can be hear strike in the distance . jame turn towards they with a smile . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 16 jame glaisher the sky be clear . I predict a clean take - off . which mean in precisely sixteen second precisely we should see .... jame unpack he shoulder bag - revealing within it a large telescope and then a stand to place it upon . JOHN trew you be aware he might not get off the ground ? he fit the telescope into the stand . jame glaisher Charles Green will get it off the ground . he move the stand to the very edge of the building . JOHN see plaster crumble away . JOHN trew maybe not quite so close to the edge of the building . jame glaisher John , stop scowling at I . do I clock the hour I spend help you pin butterfly to a board ? JOHN trew pin butterfly be not a dangerous pursuit . jame glaisher five , four , three , two , one . there 's a long pause . jame slowly deflate , JOHN look at he friend with sympathy . JOHN trew it could be anything . the gas valve rupture , the silk tore - jame smile as suddenly - clear as a day across London , a balloon start to rise up . jame look at JOHN with the large of smile . jame glaisher he have rethought he balloon shape . wider at the top , like a parachute . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 17 JOHN trew May I look ? jame reluctantly let JOHN look through . JOHN look intently . jame glaisher Mr trew , if you have have time enough ... JOHN step away with a smile , jame retake he perch . and then think and then lift the equipment and reposition himself towards the outside of the building . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) he 's break cloud . he refocus the telescope . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) I have lose he . he look up to the sky . he squint . JOHN trew look at he friend . JOHN trew you ’1ll get you chance you know . they will realise you worth . jame glaisher I think they know what I be worth well enough . 10b int . royal society lecture theatre . day . 10 B jame glaisher stand at a lectern , in front of he assort scientist . jame glaisher we know more now about the world around we than we have at any time in history , but still we be limited by we ignorance as to what be truly above we . with the progress we have make in balloon travel here at the Society , pioneer by Charles Green , we could advance meteorology by decade . Analysis of the Earth 's magnetic field , the solar spectrum , knowledge of the dew point , a understanding of oxygenation of the atmosphere ... the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 18 charle GREEN he want my balloon ! laughter break out again . jame glaisher no sir , I want funding for my own expedition into the sky - charle GREEN we be scientist , not fortune teller ! you talk of weather prediction . there 's laughter . jame ride over it . jame glaisher be that not we responsibility as scientist - to bring order to the chaos ... jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) charle GREEN - if we can understand what 's - you be no closer to above we -— predict the movement of the weather than the movement of a frog in a jar . he make to walk out of the lecture theatre , other follow . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) with you financial support I believe we be on the precipice of great change - the possibility of advance weather prediction might allow for - he see they all depart . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) please - please - 10 c ext . royal society . day 10 c jame stand in the courtyard alone , as snow fall all around he . 10a int . upstair . watch shop . east end of london . day . 10 a James 's father , arthur glaisher be read a newspaper article . arthur glaisher '' James glaisher speak this week at the Royal Society of he plan to make a science of the weather . - 10 ab 11 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 19 jame glaisher I have read it , pa. arthur glaisher '' to the accompaniment of much laughter , he laid out -' ethel glaisher Arthur . stop it . jame glaisher they be wrong , by the way . arthur glaisher many more think you be . jame glaisher many do not believe Newton . arthur glaisher oh , James . Newton change the way we see the Earth and the planet . you think you can predict when it might rain . jame take the bullet . he hold hard to he dignity . arthur glaisher ( cont ’d ) what they say about you - it do not hurt ? jame glaisher I wish it do not hurt you . ext . watch shop . day 10 ab jame walk away from the shop . he look up back at he father 's window . ext . balloon . sky over london . day . 11 5,700ft . rising 400ft / min. 18c / 64 F we re-join wren & glaisher , high above London , as they drift upward towards the thick cloud bank above they . wren be dress herself thoroughly in warm weather gear . a sort of precursor to fly leather . she do so discreetly , and jame make sure to look away . she 's strike , practical and in control - she know what be come . jame , still in he wool suit , continue to take he measurement . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 20 jame glaisher nine minute and sixteen second . height 5,700 foot . Air temperature , 64 degree Fahrenheit . amelia wren how delightful . ( motion to she corset ) could you ? he awkwardly help she to undo she corset . she take it off and put on she jacket . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) you should put on you oilskin , Mr glaisher . ignoring she , he write something on a piece of paper . he tie it to a pigeon and let it go , it fly shakily away and then down . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) what be you attach to that pigeon ? jame glaisher we reading . amelia wren oh , so reassure to know you have contemplate we death . jame glaisher just - insure against they . amelia look at he , she frown , amused , but this time she do not challenge he , she look up at the dark sky above they . amelia wren cloud ahoy . ext . balloon . cloud . continuous - 12 6,100ft . rising 400ft / min. 15c / 59 F the balloon be swallow by the heavy , still cloud , and as amelia look over the edge so the earth disappear from view . amelia wren what more felicitie can fall to creature than to enjoy delight with libertie , the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 21 pierre and to be lord of all the worke of nature , she turn and see pierre with he back to she , look out at the cloud . she smile . amelia wren and pierre to raine in th’aire from earth to high skie , to feed on flowre and weed of glorious feature . she approach pierre , he turn , and it 's - jame . jame glaisher to take whatever thing doth please the eye . amelia look at he - astonished . he smile shyly . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) spenser . the fate of the Butterfly . one of my favourite poem . amelia swallow , deal with she complicated emotion . amelia wren surprise . do not have you down as a literary man . jame glaisher Men of science can enjoy word , miss wren . amelia wren my husband love that poem . beat . jame try to retain he dignity . jame glaisher I would have like to have meet you husband . amelia wren I be not sure he would have like you . jame glaisher really ? amelia wren he dislike people who study rather than practice . jame take the dig as he reach out and feel the air on he finger . a roll of thunder . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 22 amelia wren ( cont 'd ) we be still sure this weather will hold - because my instinct tell I jame glaisher instinct have no place in weather prediction . amelia wren - that you be lie to I . jame glaisher every read I take this morning - amelia wren and there be no advantage in conceal concern - we be trap here no matter what you say . jame think and then look at she . he look back at he measure apparatus . jame glaisher the air pressure be - change faster than I anticipate . there be a flash of lightning - amelia turn towards it as jame scan the sky - truly concerned now . amelia wren you reading be wrong . we be about to get wet . jame glaisher quiet . he hold out a hand . he 's listen for something else . we wait with he - the silence be powerful and oppressive . amelia look at she hand . moisture be cling to she glove . there be another rumble of thunder . amelia wren you be discern how close we be to the storm . jame say nothing - clearly panicked , he turn to he equipment and consult number in he book . suddenly the balloon jolt . the balloonist grab the side of the basket . then there be calm again . amelia look to the West and the East . she smile . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) and so it begin . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 23 ext . sky . continuous -— 13 we be in a pocket amongst the cumulonimbus cloud . we linger on the churn sky . lightn illuminate hide crevice . a rapidly shifting and darken landscape . we see move through it - the mammoth . ext . balloon . cloud . continuous - 14 7,200ft . rising 400ft / min. 10c / 50 F and then we be back inside the balloon . jame be take reading . amelia wren we need to batten down . he take out he spectroscope . he twirl it around . he make note in he book . amelia wren ( cont ’d ) I be not sure you instrument be much use to we now . jame look at she , and then check the hygrometer . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) there be no prize for obstinacy . James — thunder . they both turn towards it . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) if you will not listen to I . listen to that . jame glaisher not one of my reading suggest a storm - amelia wren well that 's what it be , and we be inside a cumulo , which be precisely where we should not be . he take more reading . he 's more skittery now , less focus . she see another flash of lightning . a roll of thunder only second later . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 24 jame glaisher do not worry , the mammoth be not make of conductive material - we will not attract lightning . amelia wren and if we do , the gas keep we afloat be fifty per cent hydrogen , thirty - five percent methane , so we will not live long enough for I to point out how wrong you be ... ext . balloon . STORM . continuous - 15 7,600ft . speed of ascent constantly change . 9c / 48f suddenly both balloonist be thrown to the floor , a agitation in the air cause a whirlwind - which turn the giant balloon three time from the right to the leave . there be another smash of lightning closer to the balloon this time , and with it come the rain . rain which lash down and which seem to suggest worse . jame return to he instrumentation , write down a series of reading . amelia wren get that equipment put away now - jame glaisher the equipment will give we the information we need to survive this they be thrown again , violently this time , horrifically this time . jame be slam into the side of the basket . amelia haul he to the floor and use she leg to pincer he into position - amelia wren stay still and keep calm - I need to get we out of here . and then they be thrown again - and this time jame be throw on top of amelia , smash he head on the pigeon box in the process . blood pour from the wound . jame glaisher we can not descend - this may be we one and only opportunity - amelia wren of course we do not descend . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 25 jame look at she , shocked . jame glaisher we do not ? amelia wren there be two way to break a storm . one be to travel beneath it , the other - to travel above it . the safest way be up . another fork of lightning strike . the thunder roar immediately afterwards . amelia look across at jame - a smile spread across he face . jame glaisher the safest way be up ? amelia wren who do you think you get ina balloon with ? amelia smile and then pull off she wet and slippy glove and grab a knife from she small bag and lean over the side of the balloon - seemingly immune to the raging storm - to slice off some bag of ballast . ext . STORM . continuous - 16 9,000ft . falling 4000 ft / minute , then rise 600ft / min. 7c / 44 F then the balloonist hit a pocket of cold air and the balloon suddenly drop 1000 feet . this have the effect of send amelia and jame and everything that be not bound to the basket of the balloon up in the air . jame 's leg hit the underside of the table on he way up , breaking it and send he equipment everywhere . we watch almost in slow motion the detritus float away - she glove arcing gracefully out of the balloon and away . amelia and jame hit the underside of the balloon , bounce off , and fall back towards the basket again . jame land hard in the basket , but amelia miss the basket , claw desperately at the wicker as she do . jame look for she but everything be obscure by the mist . he 's blind . jame glaisher Amelia ! Amelia . amelia 's leg dangle helplessly in space . she cling to the rope that hold the grapnel , the rain lashing around she . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 26 the mist clear and she perilous position become very clear . she 's on the verge of oblivion . then the mist return and the blindness be intoxicating . jame grab a central rope and reach out a hand - jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) take my hand . take my hand . he grab at one of the toggle rope hold the basket to the hoop , but in quick succession three of the toggles SNAP and the balloon be massively destabilize , everything tumble towards he as the basket fall into a slant . this loosen amelia 's grip and she fall further . scream as she do . amelia wren I can not - I can not get ... jame glaisher hold on . hold on . he grab another rope , then quickly tie a rope around he waist and secure the other end to the hoop above he head . he steel himself - overcome he fear - and lean out . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) on three . one. two . they grab hand . they dangle for a moment , he hold she as firmly as he can . and then he start heaving she back into the balloon . she scrabble up , get a foothold . it 's hard . the rain continue to lash they face . amelia manoeuvre she way upwards . she land beside he in the bottom of the basket , both breathing deeply . ext . STORM . continuous - 17 9,600ft . rising 600ft / minute , then 1000ft / min. 5c / 41f as the storm buffet around they , amelia pull a rope next to jame , release a sandbag which plummet into the cloud . she pull another rope on she side of the basket : another bag of ballast fall . amelia wren hold tight , it 's not over yet . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 27 they look at each other , cling on for dear life , as the storm rage around they . there 's a particularly large jolt and then there 's silence . they both breathe out . the grey mist surround they begin to brighten as we start to get wispy definition in the cloud . then , almost magically , sunlight pour into the basket . they both smile as a golden - tinged blue start to emerge . a calmness flood both over they and the balloon . amelia unty the rope , and they both lie there a little more . then jame stumble to he foot and look out . ext . balloon . above the cloud . continuous - 18 11,500ft . rising 1000ft / min. 3c / 37f the basket be tilting at a desperate angle . but the sky - the sky bear no scar of what they have just be through . he look down at the storm , and then up at the tranquil air . jame glaisher we rise above it . amelia get to she foot slowly , she look around herself . she look at the drip wet balloon , rope and at the wet prone basket . amelia wren well . we mostly do . this be one break bird . she look at he , she smile . ext . vauxhall pleasure garden . day 29 JOHN trew stand look through a telescope . he think , frown , and put the telescope away . charlie approach . charlie May I look through you spyglass Sir ? JOHN trew there 's nothing to see . I lose they when the storm pass over . charlie I would like a look all the same Sir . JOHN look he up and down . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 28 charlie ( cont 'd ) I will not steal it . JOHN trew I do not presume you would . you have interest in the air ? charlie do not you wish to be up there with they ? JOHN trew I would be a unnecessary weight . charlie all the same ... a look of intense sincerity pass across JOHN trew 's face . JOHN trew some reach for the star , and some push other toward they . charlie look at he like he think he 's mad . charlie I wish I be up there . JOHN trew and you be not afraid of the cloud ? charlie Cloud be just water . JOHN trew what about the bird that may attack you ? charlie May I look through you eye glass ? JOHN trew smile , he pull the eye glass out . we look upwards . lurching this way and that with charlie 's eye . we twitch this way and that - look for something - anything - and then we see something - a speck - charlie ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) I can see they , sir. JOHN trew look over , surprised . JOHN trew not possible . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 29 charlie I can see they Sir , I can . charlie holler with joy as we ascend quickly towards a speck that become a balloon that become the mammoth . ext . balloon . above the cloud . day . 21 13,500ft . rising 350ft / min. 1c / 34 F and we be back in the balloon and look down , a magnificent sea of cloud lie beneath it , its surface be varied with endless hill , hillock , mountain chain and many snow white mass rise from it . tower pillar of cumulonimbus rise upwards to the heaven all around they . the balloon be dwarf by the enormity of the cloudscape . the thunder , now far below they , rumble beneath the car . jame and the equipment be now on the other side of the basket , try to rebalance and re-angle the basket . amelia be above he , perilously balance on the edge of the balloon , lash a rope from the basket to the hoop in order to re-engineer the break toggle . amelia wren now pull hard . hold it . there . jame glaisher there ? amelia wren there . I believe we have - do it . she look at it . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) it should keep . she smile . she bang on the hoop . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) stronger than she look . she stay on the edge of the basket . she look out , a strange smile on she face . jame immediately busy himself resetting he equipment . amelia wren ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Mr glaisher . we pull up to see jame collect reading . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) James . you will miss it . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 30 she indicate a aureole - a full - circle rainbow to they East . jame turn . a myriad of colour that glitter in the light . it 's mesmeric . and reflect in the centre of it , the mammoth . a ghost balloon with a multi-color halo . a dazzle sight . jame glaisher ( awed ) a aureole . have you ... ever see one ? amelia nod . amelia wren you have not . jame glaisher only in book . jame reach out almost to touch it . she smile to see he glee . there 's a long moment of silence . amelia wren I believe you should be check you instrument , Mr glaisher . you can not have take a good read in quite some time . jame look at the full - circle rainbow . and then back at she . jame glaisher you do so enjoy be amused by I . amelia wren I be amused by you enjoyment of something that have nothing to do with number . jame look out , he smile . and then he look down . jame glaisher have you notice ? it 's completely silent . there 's a silence . then jame raise he hand in the air and hollers loudly . amelia laugh . 23 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 31 he raise he hand and hollers again . jame take a deep breath in . he stand sway a moment . he hollers a third time . she think and then hollers herself . the two look at each other and smile . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) cloud ahoy . ext . balloon . cloud column . continuous - 23 15,250ft . rising 350ft / min. - 2c / 29f the balloon drift into the upper section of one of the large cumulonimbus column . they be surround by mist again . and then there 's the sound of a church bell . amelia look around - as if search for it . then we hear whisper of voice that transfigure into workmen call to each other . as if by magic , we be surround by the crystal clear sound of a London street . it 's as if we be right there . jame glaisher would you listen to that ? amelia wren but that sound like - jame glaisher horse . bell . people . it be the sound of the street . amelia wren we have fly through a storm and still London follow we . jame check he instrument . a look of delight on he face . he do not see amelia 's discombobulation . one voice pierce through the other . pierre ( 0.s. ) thank you for give I somewhere I belong . amelia look down as if desperately search for it . jame glaisher the hygrometer read be phenomenal . ( more ) the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 32 jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) I suppose the humid condition must be conduct the sound . jame think and then shout down . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) we have no interest in you London . please leave we alone , you damn - ant . she feel dizzy a moment , and slump to the floor of the basket . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) be you well ? amelia wren it all soon pass . int . amelia 's house . day 24 amelia be asleep on a rug beside a deep armchair . a bottle beside she . posey look up at she , watch she snore . there be a loud knock at the door . she ignore it , until it suddenly open . amelia wren I do not lock it . antonia no . you do not . amelia turn and look at antonia . they look similar . they be sister . antonia ( cont 'd ) you be not dress . amelia wren and yet I be wear clothes . antonia when be the last time you change they ? amelia wren you break down my door to tell I to wash ? antonia when be the last time you open any curtain ? the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 33 amelia wren sunlight age - I want my furnishings to retain they glow . antonia which one be glow ? the one with you food upon they or the one cover in dirty clothing ? amelia wren I do not need to see it to know it 's there . antonia well , much as you might enjoy you self - pity , I be not here to freshen anything . Phillip have invite we to a small gather - amelia wren no . antonia pick up a glass , she sniff it . she recoil . antonia Amelia .... amelia wren I do so hate how you say my name . like a priest implore I to confess my sin . antonia it 's be two year . amelia wren and that 's time enough ? antonia do you think Pierre would have want this ? amelia turn and look at she . amelia wren that be beneath even you . antonia ( implore ) I ' 1l help you change . come . sister together . and then I x11 let you rot . 25 int . elegant house . night . 25 amelia stand in the middle of a floor . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 34 around she move society . and it do seem like all of society be here . the finest gowns , the fiercest laughter , the tinkliest conversation . amelia look swallow up within it . aunt france you sister be proud as punch she pull you here . amelia wren hello , auntie . aunt france she keep try to persuade man to take you onto the floor . poppy walk past they both , a chisell man either side of she , hang on she every word , she turn and grin at amelia , who look back . amelia wren and they refuse she ? aunt france I think they be intimidate by you . aunt france indicate , antonia be talk to a young man , he look over at amelia , and then look away - blush as he do . amelia laugh . aunt france ( cont ’d ) still , hard to be the woman that provoke fear . aunt france touch she niece 's neck , and then move on into the crowd . amelia look over as antonia be talk to another young man . she look down at she foot . jame glaisher ( 0.s. ) you be the widow wren . amelia turn to be face with jame . amelia wren I dislike that title . jame glaisher you be miss wren . amelia wren Amelia wren . and who might you be ? jame glaisher glaisher . James glaisher . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 35 amelia wren it be a pleasure to meet you , Mr glaisher . she nod , she make to walk on . jame call after she desperately . jame glaisher what bring you here ? amelia wren the selfish need of a sister . you ? jame glaisher the mercenary need of a friend - he need accompany to he '' romance '' — he indicate across the hall , a handsome man dance straight back with a woman . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) she be apparently worth thousand of pound a year . I be trap here , just as you . amelia wren well , we need not trap each other . she make to walk on . but jame be still not let she go . jame glaisher I be a scientist , a astronomer , a meteorologist , and —- amelia wren a scientist , a astronomer and a what ? jame glaisher a meteorologist . I believe weather can be predict . amelia look disbelievingly at he . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) I need to make study of the air and I need to be in the air she turn and nod and make to walk away . jame pursue she . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) - and I need you to take I . amelia step back - surprised . there 's a pause . amelia wren do you even have a balloon ? 26 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 36 jame glaisher not yet , no . amelia wren so you make a invitation to I when it be I should be invite you ? jame glaisher I need we to - I need you to fly we higher than anyone have ever travel before . amelia consider . she look up , she look at jame , she see she sister circle another man . amelia wren dance with I . jame glaisher dance with you ? amelia wren dance with I and we may converse more . int . ballroom . elegant house . night 26 amelia and jame be now turn around the dance floor . around they other move elegantly , amelia be determine not to , slip she foot into the wrong place , kick she hair back in the wrong manner . not ostentatiously , if it be not for the fact that we be study she we would not notice , but it 's there . yes , even in dance she find small way to rebel . jame glaisher I presume there be a game you be play with other in the room - amelia wren you think I be try to make another jealous ? you be not that handsome . jame glaisher every man in this room be petrify to be see talk to you , let alone dance with you . no , you game be with another . that word hurt amelia , but she will not let they show . she look across , she see antonia , who be watch she with a careful smile . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 37 amelia wren you be clever . jame glaisher merely observant . amelia wren or presumptuous . and equally , there be certain thing - if I may - that I feel safe in presume about you . jame say nothing , but be that fear on he face ? amelia wren ( cont 'd ) perhaps that you do not have a invitation for tonight 's event . would that be a fair presumption ? jame glaisher on what basis do you make that assumption ? amelia wren you suit be two year out of fashion , you shoe abominable , you dance ridiculous , I be lead , you be not , and , finally , because this man clearly do not know you at all . she have steer they to the handsome man he claim he be here with . she spin he to a stop in front of he . jame look at the man , who frown back . his secret have be expose cruelly . but amelia do not care . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) thank you for the dance . she disconnect from he . he pull she back towards he . jame glaisher I do not realise appearance be so important to you . I be sorry they do not live up to you society standard . amelia wren I do not care what shoe you wear . I care that you be lie to I . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 38 jame glaisher it will be you balloon . all I want be to help with the design and be give the freedom to undertake the experiment that - amelia wren I be not a coachman for hire . jame glaisher good . I be look for a fellow scientist . to understand the weather be to understand how to make ship and sailor safer , farm more productive . we can prepare ourselves and we world for flood , drought , famine . he can see he 's get to she . she open she mouth to speak , and then pull back . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) I want to rewrite the rule of the air , miss wren , and I need you help . so will you ? help I ? we close on amelia 's face . she smile . int . balloon factory . day 36 amelia be examine a balloon as it be partially inflate . antonia walk up behind she , drag she child behind she . antonia you be punish I . amelia turn and frown at antonia , and look particularly surprised to see she child . amelia wren I be not sure a factory full of flammable gass be the safest place for child - antonia you be punish I for drag you to that ridiculous evening . amelia wren I be grateful to you for drag I to that ridiculous evening , I would not have make the acquaintance of Mr glaisher otherwise . now , girl , I believe we have some macaroon somewhere - the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 39 antonia and if that be not proof of punish I then I do not know what be . amelia wren not here . amelia walk away from the balloon , past a selection of basket be woven to she specifics , she do not want this conversation to happen in front of the engineer . she walk quickly , and antonia walk quickly beside she . antonia 's child have to fight to keep up with they both . antonia I hate you go in the air with Pierre , but why you would go up on you own - I can not even - amelia wren with Mr glaisher . antonia you be my only sister , I do not wish to lose you to any more foolishness . amelia wren you would rather I find a man prepare to marry I , to devote myself to . antonia I would rather you would find a way to make yourself happy rather than the pursuit of frivolous history make . you can not just fly away from you problem ! you have to face they here - on earth - with the rest of we . amelia push they way into a corner where ream of material lie ready for stitching . amelia wren antonia , I believe there be answer in the sky - antonia let somebody else find they . amelia wren Pierre believe it too - and this Mr glaisher - antonia - sound barely capable of anything ! * the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 40 amelia wren but I be capable - I ama really good aeronaut - and I want to use what I be good at - antonia you be a highly accomplish woman . you could be good at so many thing . you could have the most beautiful life amongst society - if only you have try . amelia wren and if that be not what I want ? antonia then you have to learn to want it . fight the important battle , so you may find a life you can be proud of . amelia wren up there - it 's where I have find the great happiness . antonia look at she sister , cold . antonia he be the happiness , not the damn balloon . ( she call out ) come on girl , we be late for lunch . the word sink into amelia 's face as she watch she sister pull she child from the room . ext . balloon . blue sky . day . 27 18,600ft . rising 400ft / min. - 4c / 25 F we rejoin the aeronaut as they soar higher . they be sit together on the floor of the balloon . jame have assemble he instrument on top of the campaign chest , and be use the top of he ruin table to write on . the cloud roll in they glitter mass beneath they and the balloon throw a large shadow on this heap of cloud . jame ' 's suit be wet through and he be cold - the only thing prevent hypothermia be the fierce sun - which be keep he moderately heat ( and cause he clothes to steam ) . jame glaisher have you be up this high before ? 28 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 4l amelia wren only once . jame glaisher with Pierre ? she say nothing . jame look at she face , she look overwhelm . there 's a silence . jame be unsure how to break the silence . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) we have time enough for it , why do not you tell I about he ? amelia take a swab from a pocket in the side of the basket . amelia wren ashame as I be to not stick to you conversational schedule , I have nothing to tell . do you forehead not hurt ? jame glaisher I can not feel it . I do not mean to - what happen to you - I do not mean to make light of it . amelia nod , and then start to clean he cut . he let she . amelia wren it will heal . ( beat ) you will not have a scar . ext . balloon . blue sky . continuous - 28 19,400ft . rising 500ft / min. 0c / 32 F as amelia tend to jame 's wound , a yellow butterfly flutter past they and land on a piece of jame 's equipment . they both look at it in surprise . amelia wren at this height ? jame glaisher that 's exactly what I be think . then another yellow butterfly float past . soon they be surround by a swarm of butterfly , brilliant yellow against the clear blue sky . it be a sight to behold . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) he be right ! the fool be right ! the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 42 amelia stand watch the butterfly - she emotion palpable . jame laugh in delight , as a butterfly land on he head , and then another on amelia 's arm . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) of all the amazing thing - my friend John trew - he 's make study of they . he theorise - beyond the bird - a air current on which only the insect travel ... I never believe he and I certainly do not think we have prove he right . the butterfly on he head fly away . he smile reach out a hand and gently lift the butterfly from she arm . this feel like a new intimacy . we lean into that moment and then they both flick it away . amelia wren they be wonderful . jame glaisher where be they head , do you think ? amelia wren perhaps they trust the wind to decide . he smile at she , she smile back , and then she expression change . she reach out she hand and place it within the butterfly . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) he would have like this . Pierre . they dance around she and away . she turn and watch they go . then she turn back to jame , with tear in she eye . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) my husband be the bravest man I know . he see possibility other could not , but he most endure quality be a deep and true love for the beauty of the world . she wait a moment . he look at she . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 43 amelia wren ( cont 'd ) thank you . other would have push I further . thank you for not . jame glaisher I cannot quantify what you lose . she look at he a moment more . amelia wren no . you can not . return to you instrument , Mr glaisher . James . jame look at she a moment more , unsure whether to say anything else . she look back , proud but with a vulnerability we have not see before . amelia wren ( cont ’d ) I say , return to you instrument - jame glaisher I shall . he do , and then he look back at she , and then he return to he instrument . int . amelia 's house . night 53 amelia be sit on she own . a look on she face of pure contemplation . and contemplation for she be pain . she look over a collection of newspaper clipping ; a history of she past life in the air . headline say ' belle of the balloon ! '' a wedding picture of she and Pierre . and a article about Pierre 's death in a balloon accident . ext . colonnade . royal society . day 37 amelia 's foot click to the sound of scandal . this be a man - only establishment . not that any of the man she pass have the confidence to say so . amelia know she 's break the rule and be very much enjoy do so . airy ( 0.s. ) wren be not it ? Amelia wren ? amelia turn to see airy walk with charle GREEN . amelia wren I be look for James glaisher - 38 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 44 airy you be very welcome to wait outside while we fetch he to you . we have a policy you see about the fairer sex and - amelia wren then I 'il find he myself . she nod at charle . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) Lovely to see you again Charles . int . royal society . day 38 JOHN trew be stare at a watch . jame be anxiously pack the crate we will later see on board the mammoth . we be close on he to see the speed and precision with which he work , he hand a flurry through he instrument . JOHN trew come on James , imagine you be hurtle toward the ground . jame glaisher time ? JOHN trew seventeen second . hurry man , you equipment be go to be destroy . he finish fitting the final piece . jame glaisher done . JOHN trew twenty six second . well do . jame glaisher and you think I could not break thirty . Amelia enter . amelia wren * my sense desert I - jame stand up . jame glaisher miss wren , this be a honour - the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 45 amelia wren I do not wish to abandon you but - jame glaisher May I give you a tour - amelia wren I be afraid I must . there 's a silence . jame glaisher abandon I ? jame keep himself under control , but only just . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) the build be already under way . the large balloon ever on order ... amelia wren I do not want to climb inside the balloon , Mr glaisher . I do not want to climb into a balloon ever again . jame be heartbroken . and angry . jame glaisher no. no . this be unacceptable - a vast amount of money have already be spend - amelia wren I be sorry Sir , I have make my decision . she walk away . int . watch shop . east end of london . night 55 jame glaisher enter the shop , he stand unsure . jame glaisher hello ma. ethel glaisher the wanderer return . you be due last week . jame glaisher yes , I be sorry . I have be busy . ethel glaisher yes . we have be read all about you in the newspaper . there 's a silence . jame can not meet she eye . 56 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 46 ethel glaisher ( cont 'd ) of all the people , James . woman do not belong in balloon , on show - and she make such a show of herself . you reputation risk ruin . jame glaisher well , you will be pleased to hear that the expedition be off , ma . ethel say nothing . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) but it be she who do not want to risk flight with I . be he upstairs ? ethel glaisher he have a fall - I do not know quite what cause it - but he be not - jame glaisher it 's get worse ? ethel glaisher it come and go . tread carefully with he . int . upstair . watch shop . night 56 jame enter a room . arthur be sit read . a brass telescope sit in the corner of the room . jame glaisher hard at it . arthur look up . he look petrify . arthur glaisher ethel ! ethel ! jame glaisher pa. pa . it 's I . James . arthur glaisher ethel ? ethel ! jame glaisher ma know I be here . remember , you son , I be you son . arthur glaisher my son be ten year old . jame glaisher I get older . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 47 arthur look at he carefully , jame stand under the light so he might examine he . his face soften . jame walk over to the telescope . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) what have you be look at ? arthur glaisher get away from that . jame peer through the telescope . jame glaisher pallas . you be look at pallas . arthur glaisher no. juno . jame glaisher you be look at juno ? you can not be . the correlation be all wrong . arthur smile . he 's play a game they both remember . arthur glaisher you be entirely right , it 's not juno , it 's vesta . jame smile - he look through the telescope . jame glaisher you be play game with I old man . arthur join he at the window . he take out a pair of opera glass from he day coat , we recognise they as the pair on the balloon . arthur glaisher of course I be look at pallas . good spot . jame look up at he Father . jame glaisher please do not pretend you can see anything through that . arthur glaisher you may have move on to grander thing James , but I ... jame glaisher pa ... arthur snort with laughter . jame smile . he lean down through the telescope . arthur peer up through the opera glass behind he . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 48 arthur glaisher this be the glass I teach you to stargaze through , they be quite sufficient , for some - work ... jame glaisher you have line she up well . a good sighting . arthur look closely at jame . Fighting he mind . arthur glaisher you trip . you be take a trip . in a balloon . jame glaisher well ... arthur glaisher to see the star . jame glaisher I be try to . arthur glaisher I use to dream of take my bed sheet , catch a gust of wind and dance in a parachute amongst the star . jame glaisher I know you do . you tell I . arthur glaisher there be nothing more mysterious , nor more beautiful , than the star in the sky . they look up at the sky , and see something impossible - a tiny , faraway man float under a bedsheet , dance among the star . Arthur look at jame . we see he mind fade from he . arthur glaisher ( cont ’d ) what be you do in here ? jame glaisher no . arthur glaisher you know the rule . not in my room . now , you step away from the spy glass . it 's very valuable James . jame glaisher I know , I buy it for you - the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 49 ethel glaisher ( 0.s. ) he 's tired . probably best not to overdo it . jame turn to he mother . who be stand in the door . arthur glaisher thank you . can you get this boy out of here ? ethel glaisher of course . she smile at jame . ethel glaisher ( cont 'd ) leave it when you be on the up , eh ? jame nod . and then lean down and kiss he Father . jame glaisher see you next week , pa . he make for the door , he dad pat he arm . arthur glaisher James . James ! jame turn towards he . he hold out the opera glass . he give they to he . arthur glaisher ( cont ’d ) for you trip . prove they wrong . prove I wrong . jame nod . deeply move . jame glaisher thank you . next week . 57 ext . east end . night 57 jame walk quickly from the shop , he pain clear . he look up at the sky , as if see it for the first time , and then pull he coat tight around he and walk on . 24a int . royal society . day 24a charle GREEN and airy be walk fast through the column at the front of the Royal Society . jame catch up with they . jame glaisher Mr Green . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 50 charle GREEN if it be not Mr glaisher , the weather sleuth . airy I believe he prefer to be describe as a meteorologist Charles . charle GREEN of course he do , well , best of luck with it . he walk on . jame glaisher Sir , as you know I cannot attract the fund that I need to fly . charle GREEN it be a expensive preoccupation . jame glaisher and I have hear you be look to make another balloon flight . charle GREEN I be . jame glaisher I would like the opportunity to be you second . you know I can not promise fund but I will prove a willing accomplice , and I do have idea of how to increase the level of hydrogen in the coal gas - and I think it might be you unlock Sir . you might finally be able to break the height record . charle GREEN walk indignantly up to he . charle GREEN ' finally 's break ? I do not realise my attempt be such a bore . airy they be not . of course they be not . charle GREEN have you ever even be in a balloon ? jame glaisher I have study they extensively . 33 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 51 charle GREEN do you have any experience of frostbite , low air pressure , the mind - alter effect of a lack of oxygen on the brain - jame glaisher how else do one learn but by partake - charle GREEN exactly what I need in a second , a theorist who know nothing of the true danger of the air . jame have nothing to reply to that . charle GREEN ( cont ’d ) find another madman to get ina balloon with . perhaps the french . or better yet - give up ! he laugh , and walk away . jame look after he . ext . balloon . blue sky . day 33 22,300ft . rising 600ft /min. - 6c / 21f the balloon be now coat in a thin layer of ice . jame be watch he dial intently . jame glaisher 22,300 . amelia be distractedly check the thermometers . amelia wren do you have faith in this thermometers ? jame glaisher 22,400 . amelia wren if so , we be at 21 degree and that be ... cold . jame glaisher 22,500 . would you note the temperature down ? amelia wren you would trust I to write in you book ? I be honoure . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 52 she write in he book , look at he all the time . finally , she look up , meeting he know look . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) have we slowed ? be we not at 22,600 . jame glaisher so you be interested . yes . we have pass 22,600 . amelia wren you be insufferable . jame glaisher you be excited . she turn and watch the dial with he . amelia wren and that be 22,700 . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) the french be under attack . History will be rewritten . jame glaisher 22,800 . they both watch the dial in silence . amelia wren and jame glaisher 22,900 . 23,000 . he look at she , quite overwhelm . jame glaisher and now we be higher than any man or any woman have ever be . she look at he , he smile , she smile . he look around himself , he eye full of emotion . she look around herself , as overwhelm as he be . there 's a perfect silence . the perfect silence of achievement . of do something great than you ever feel possible . and it 's combine with a perfect hollowness for they both . he look back at the dial , it now say 23,300 . he look at she . she look back at he . he reach out a hand . she take it . she shake it . 34 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 53 amelia wren thank you for take I up in you balloon , Mr glaisher . jame glaisher thank you for take I up in you balloon , miss wren . they look at each other for a moment . and then jame look out at the world around they . he look up . he look down . she just watch he . she laugh . amelia wren it do not feel different at all do it ? you be disappointed . jame glaisher on the contrary , this be the moment I have wait for my entire life . amelia wren yes . I rather suspect I have be wait for it too . there 's a moment 's pause . then he go over to the pigeon box . ext . balloon . blue sky . continuous - 34 23,500ft . rising 600ft /min. - 7c / 19f jame write something on a piece of paper . he tie it to a pigeon and let it go , it fly shakily away and then down . amelia wren still think we will not make it back ? jame glaisher just send a message to Charles Green . he look at he instrument , for a second he vision blur , and when he write the reading down he hand be shakier than they be . amelia wren the mammoth be expand . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 54 but jame he swing jame wal he do , amelia 's she make when jame : jame glaisher - because the air be thin . and we be rise ever more quickly , do you know ? could you tell ? amelia wren we should think of slow - be too excited . jame glaisher the air be aid we ascent , be not that outstanding ? around the balloon , full of endeavour . amelia wren James , surely now be the time to put you oilskin on - jame glaisher ah , I do not have a oilskin I need my equipment more - amelia wren I have no spare clothes to give you . jame glaisher the weight limit be essential . my equipment be essential . if I be to get a little sick - amelia wren a little sick ? ks around check the gauge . she look at he as astonished at he casual behaviour . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) you carry four thermometers . you carry this strange box . but you would not bring sufficient clothing for the cold and wet ? jame glaisher do not stop . the cold will only catch you if you let it . face harden . amelia wren James , you be behave very strangely . we need to go down now . to go over to untie the valve line , only to stop S cry out . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 55 jame glaisher no . no , we be not descend , not yet . we need to set a target no other can reach . 23,500 will not do . we need to break the 30,000 the french try to hit . amelia wren I think this be about study . jame glaisher it be . amelia wren so why do it seem you be more concerned with height than safety ? jame glaisher the best way to break a storm be to travel up - I quote you dear Lady - maybe the best way to break a cold - amelia wren and which science do you base that upon ? jame glaisher the science that say that with every layer of air we be travel into a unknown - amelia wren jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) I believe we have already - with every layer of air accomplish - we be travel closer to the sun . the finding we be still to discover could be overwhelming . amelia wren - you be freezing - jame glaisher please . what have we to lose ? amelia wren we life . jame glaisher this could be more important than we life . he look at she - full of implore . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) please . I know you want this as much as I do . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 56 amelia wren I be descend . she start untying the valve line . jame try to stop she . jame glaisher this balloon have defy everything we have throw at it - amelia wren this be not about the balloon . this be not about science . this be about you war with that who Lord it over you - well , I have fight they too and I tell you - jame glaisher no . this be not about they . it 's about that . he indicate the star in the sky above they . amelia look to where he 's indicate - the sky above they . the balloon push through the thin layer of cirrus that lay above they ; the final barrier before the heaven . it ascend into a magnificent icy blue . they look up to the deep prussian blue of the sky above . there be star everywhere . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) there be nothing more mysterious , nor more beautiful , than the star in the sky , and look at we , we be dance amongst they . amelia digest this with a soft smile . she think . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) you want the write on the balloon , Amelia : ' caelum certe patet , ibimus illi 's . amelia wren ' surely the sky lie open , let we go that way ! 's jame glaisher the sky be open - amelia wren you understand there will come a time when we go no further ? the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 57 jame glaisher I do . amelia wren you understand that decision will only be mine ? jame glaisher yes . I do . she look at he , assess whether he 's tell the truth , and then she nod . she empty a sandbag over the side . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) thank you . amelia wren ( darkly ) tell I when we land if I deserve you thanks . jame glaisher you deserve my thanks . the sand fall away beneath they before be whipped off by the wind . 54 ext . amelia 's house . night 54 amelia open she front door . JOHN trew be stand on the other side . her face fall . JOHN trew good evening miss wren . amelia wren I have make my decision Mr trew . JOHN trew and I understand that . I just want to gift you this book before we parte . he hand she a book . JOHN trew ( cont ’d ) I only ask if you could open it in front of I . amelia look at he a moment , sigh and open the door . 54a int . amelia 's house . night 54a amelia open the book . Inside be exquisite study of the formation of snowflake . JOHN trew watch she . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 58 they be very beautiful . amelia wren this be beautiful . JOHN trew they be picture of snowflake formation . a study of the mathematical possibility of nature . a study undertake by - amelia wren James glaisher . JOHN trew he believe the sky can be understand . amelia wren of this I be well aware . JOHN trew he be , sadly , occasionally wrong , he predict it would snow tonight would you believe ? but more often than not - he find remarkable truth . Travel with he and you will discover this . I have . amelia wren I be sorry , I have clearly tell he no , he should not have send you to convince I - JOHN trew smile . JOHN trew oh , he do not send I , he would consider I a poor persuader , I be here on my own account . amelia wren you will not dissuade I from my path - JOHN trew James believe there 's something extraordinary up there - amelia wren so this be a opportunity I should not miss ? JOHN trew ( interrupt ) you misunderstand I . it be not a opportunity but a obligation . ( more ) 58 39 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 59 JOHN trew ( cont 'd ) in this life , very few be give opportunity to change the world . you have be assign a responsibility , miss wren . you have to meet it . amelia listen to this keenly . he look at she a moment more , and then bow . JOHN trew ( cont ’d ) enjoy the book , madam . he exit the house , put on he hat as he do . amelia stare after he . ext . graveyard . night 58 amelia walk up between a set of grave . it 's dark , and the lantern barely light she way , but she know the grave which she 's aim for . she sit in front of it . it 's a simple grave , but Pierre 's face can occasionally - flickeringly - be make out engrave on the stone - and he name - pierre renne . she say nothing . but she face say a thousand thing . and then she feel something and look up . she see the snowflake spiralling down around she . she think , she touch the stone , she smile . ext . balloon . top of the world . day . 39 27,600ft . rising 600ft /min . - 15c / 5f the sky be so dark now it seem almost night . the balloon sit amongst the star rise up and up and up . amelia be shiver , she look across at jame who be desperately try to conceal how cold he be . he take a series of reading . but every step he take , every inch he move , cost he dearly and he be really struggle to lift he head . amelia look up at the balloon , it look like it 's burst at the seam . she move alongside he to help with he instrumentation . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 60 jame glaisher 57 minute afloat . amelia wren 26,500£t . he look at she , surprised , she move on . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) Air temperature , 5 degree Fahrenheit . jame look at she surprised , then turn back to the instrument . he have to look at they hard , he eyesight be start to fail . jame glaisher do you know - it 's quite the strangest thing - the higher we fly - the lower the humidity - there be barely any water vapor here at all - amelia wren there be still ice . jame glaisher and the temperature - unprecedented - freezing range that nobody have ever predict . jame try to write down the reading but have difficulty control he hand . he look at he hand - exasperate and then try again . he look up at the instrument . he blink so as to see they . he try to write something a third time , but it 's a scrawl that 's barely decipherable . he attaches it to a pigeon 's leg . a pigeon that seem barely alive . he throw it out of the balloon - it drop like a stone . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) no concern necessary . we have another . he open the final door in the pigeon box . it 's get a pigeon lie prone at the bottom of it . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) we do not have another . jame laugh . he pick up the dead pigeon . he throw it out of the balloon . 39 a the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 61 amelia wren what be you do ? jame glaisher lose weight . amelia wren the pressure on the material could lead to rip - and at this altitude - this rip could be fatal - jame pick up the pigeon box and try to heave it over the edge . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) what be you do - ? we can not lose weight ! ext . balloon . top of the world . continuous 39a 28,200ft . rising 600ft /min. - 16c / 3f amelia immediately try to stop he , drag he down into the car . jame try to escape she grasp but wren be surprisingly strong and agile . the two twist over in the bottom of the basket . it 's a ugly fight , desperate and full of passion . this two be inexperienced ( and not particularly accomplish ) fighter and the altitude be sapping they strength . but eventually jame manage to pin amelia down . amelia wren you give I you word . it be time to descend . jame glaisher I will not stop - because you can not withstand a little pressure . amelia wren can not you see what 's happen - we be go to die unless we descend now . jame look at she , and then he feel he nose start to bleed , a drop of blood fall onto she cheek , he touch he nose and look at he blood . he blink . he roll over , freeing she . she stay beside he . both be exhaust by they effort . 40 42 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 62 ext . balloon . top of the world . continuous - 40 29,600ft . rising 700ft / minute . - 18c / of jame glaisher the man you marry risk you life for he own recklessness . I - do the same . but for science . she slap he hard across the face . amelia wren you know nothing of my husband 's death . jame glaisher it be well know that he push harder than he should have . amelia wren now imagine the story again - and this time - imagine that I be the pilot . he tell I to stop , that I be risk the balloon , but that I be intent . the seam rip apart and - jame be stop by this . he look up at she . ext . pierre balloon . day 42 and we be with pierre and amelia and they balloon be spiraling to the ground . Amelia look up at a huge tear in the fabric of the balloon . pierre we need to lose more weight . flashes of the two of they throw thing out of the balloon . amelia wren it 's not enough . they embrace . she 's still try to think of a way out . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) concentrate now , think . think . pierre be think . desperately hard . then he make a terrible decision . pierre thank you for give I somewhere I belong . 40 a the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 63 and then in one swift move , he dislocate from she and tip backwards over the side of the basket and he 's go . amelia wren no .... no .... she scream . ext . balloon . top of the world . continuous - 40 a amelia wren do not be responsible for the death of another , it be one mistake you will never forgive yourself for . this word sink in deep . he wait a moment . he 's struggle to breathe . jame glaisher I be so sorry . I really be amelia wren let 's get this balloon down - amelia struggle to she foot and unwind the valve line from where it have be tuck away . jame be find it difficult to get up . jame glaisher I think we have discover that oxygen - grow short - in the height of the - brain may - I be sorry - he take a breath . she pull on the line . it do not move . she put all she weight on it . nothing . amelia wren no. no. she look around the balloon . she look up . amelia look back to jame lie prostrate . she bend over he , she shake he . he surface . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 64 amelia wren ( cont 'd ) you have to keep move . if you lay still the hypoxia will set in . she try to pull he to he foot . he fail . he raise he hand in mock surrender . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) the gas release valve be freeze - I need to climb up and open it - he look at she . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) stay alive . jame collapse backwards to the floor . she look down at he . she think . at this height , every movement be a struggle , but she know she must find a way to reach the valve . she grip one of the rope and slowly manoeuvre herself onto the edge of the basket . she look down , the layer of cirrus now far below . ext . balloon . top of the world . continuous - 41 32,400ft . rising 1000ft / min. - 22c / - 8 F slowly but surely she haul herself up onto the hoop above the basket , which be now cover in a thick hoar frost . her foot slip and she nearly fall backwards into the nothingness . she look down at the horror of emptiness below . she take a breath . she control herself . she take another breath . now stand on top of the hoop , wren reach up into the rigging - but she cannot get she hand to grip - she look at she hand - they be white and beginning to blacken - frostbite have set in . she stare at she hand in disbelief . she think . she think again . she hook she hand over the rigging , use she wrist as leverage and begin to climb up the side of the balloon . 43 45 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 65 the rigging keep she protect until she reach the equator of the balloon . she hesitates a moment ... and then ... she swing out so she can continue climb up the outside of the balloon . nothing be protect she now . it 's arduous . it 's terrifying . it 's undoubtedly perilous . but she 's dogge . she 's merciless with herself . every piece of pain she ignore . she try to grab a nearby tether rope , to tie herself to the balloon , but it 's just out of reach . she stretch for it . she lose she grip , and she hand fall backwards - she scream out in fear and pain but stay hook on the rigging by mean of one ankle , which be wedge into a joint of the rope bind . ext . balloon . top of the world . day . 43 34,600ft . rising 1100ft/min. - 26c / - 15 F amelia hang a moment - look down towards the earth . the drop be terrifying . she swing as if in death . she shut she eye and then open they again , try desperately to control she brain . she look down at jame 's body , he lie still , she consider she own . she consider just drop . she swing for a moment more . she shut she eye . ext . balloon . top of the world . day 45 35,800ft . rising 1200ft/min . - 28c and then she grit she tooth and she pull herself together . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 66 she reach out for the tether rope and slowly tie the end around she waist . she hook she wrist around the rope she 's on and pull herself back to vertical . she begin to climb again . and this time every breath hurt . we watch she climb - inch after painful inch . her sheer determination be a sight to behold . ext . balloon . top of the world . continuous . 46 37,000ft . rising 1200ft/min. - 30c / - 22f she summit the balloon . she crawl to the valve . she try to push it open . it will not budge . she think , and then - majestically - she get to she foot . she be stand on top of a balloon that be fly higher than anything have ever fly . she be literally on top of the world . a tiny figure on top of a mammoth which sit against a vast star- fill sky . she look around herself , admire it all . and then she bring she foot down hard upon the vent . she smashes down again and again . and the ice crack . from all side gas billow out . amelia almost disappear within it . we close on she face , she 's oxygen deprive and now breathe in coal gas but she have something leave . or do she ? she sway , she look down at the vent , she realise it need hold open . she take a knife from she belt . she bend down , cough wretch cough as she do , and cut the lace from she boot . 47 30 31 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 67 she pull she foot clear . her boot remain lodge in the vent . she smile . she stand a moment more . and then collapse . for a while , she lie on top of the * balloon as it gradually slow its ascent , and begin to * descend . and then , gradually at first , she body begin to * slide off the top of the balloon . she wake up just as it 's * too late to stop ; as she fall , she let out a long scream . * int . black . 47 int . antonia 's live room . day 30 * a clock pound out a heavy chime on the room . antonia sit in the corner , full of pensiveness . aunt france sit look at a cold cup of tea . aunt france should we have hear anything by now ? antonia no . we will hear if there 's a disaster . the less we hear , the better she chance . aunt france so we pray for silence ? antonia walk over and look out of the window . antonia yes , we pray for silence . * int . greenwich observatory . day 31 charle GREEN look up through a mighty telescope . around he be a crowd of academic . charle GREEN lose they . airy look on anxiously . charle GREEN search a moment more , and then walk to a glass of port . airy you know , I have the strangest feel he 's not come back to we . airy look up through the telescope . * 48 51 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 68 ext . balloon . top of the world . day 48 36,000ft . falling 600ft/min. - 28c / - 18f we be close on amelia 's face . she 's unconscious and thoroughly inert . her eyebrow and eyelash grow frost on they . it form quickly . we pull back , to see she 's still hang from the mammoth on a single rope . we look - in the stillness - at this extraordinary balloon with gas plume its escape out of the top . we twist and turn with amelia for a moment , and it 's almost like she 's a bird as she drift around the balloon . ext . balloon . day 51 35,000ft . falling 1000ft/min. - 26c / - 15 F and suddenly , she gasp a large in breath as she regains consciousness . she look around herself at the deep blue of she reality . she hang still , focus and refocus , and then realise where she be and what she 's in the middle of . she think . amelia wren James ! she cough repeatedly . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) James ! James ! she look down to jame in the basket below - but he do not move - he mouth and nose full of blood . she swing this way - she swing that - completely severe from a hold on any part of the balloon - completely unable to get hold . she look around herself - she 's hang about 10 foot away from the basket . slowly , ever so slowly she start to swing herself to and for . soon she be swinging enough to reach out to grab one of the rope connect the netting to the hoop . 52 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 she try once - she try a second time . 69 the third time she get a decent hold - but it slip away . the fourth - she make she bind . she pull herself up the rope - and then she grab hold of the basket . use everything she cut the rope , pull herself over the edge of the basket and slump down to the bottom . ext . balloon . thin cloud . day . 32,000ft . falling 1000ft/min. - 22c / - 8 F she look up . she look around herself - astonished that she 's she see jame . she pull herself across the basket to he . she check he heart . he 's still alive . she check he breathe . amelia wren James .... he do not respond . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) James , we have survive . we be go down . he do not stir . she begin to cry . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) please . please . I can not have this happen again . he do not stir . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) James . please . jame open a eye . she look at he and smile . 52 still alive . the aeronaut he cough . he look at she . he speak in a woozy drawl . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) you strange two tube device be do something very peculiar you know . jame glaisher you be meaning the hygrometer . amelia wren it 's bubbling . could that not be significant ? jame glaisher it could . cut order - as of 20th July 2019 70 his eye roll back , and he close they again . then he open they once more . he 's force himself back to consciousness through sheer will . he think . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) we be descend . amelia wren we be . jame glaisher I have be insensible . amelia wren you have . jame glaisher I lose my head . amelia wren it do seem that way . tries to remember . jame glaisher how high do we rise ? amelia wren I do not know . jame glaisher why do you not take the reading yourself ? amelia wren I be busy elsewhere . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 71 jame glaisher busy how ? amelia wren you reading sir. jame look at she . he smile . he draw up he leg . he groggily get to he foot . he take he pencil , and lean against the internal rope , he begin to take reading . jame glaisher one hour , eleven minute and six second . amelia wren height ? jame glaisher twenty nine thousand six-hundred foot . amelia wren good. temperature ? jame glaisher unknown . that equipment have be lose to we . and the hygrometer have have better day . he pick up the spectroscope . he look through it . he put it down . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) that have no great use either . the reading on we descent will be less - significant . amelia smile . he smile back . he look at she . he look at she hand . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) you hand . amelia look down at she hand , they be black and purple . amelia wren I lose my glove at some - I lose my glove . jame open one of he box . he pull out a bottle of brandy . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 72 amelia wren ( cont 'd ) you do not have room for oil - but you do for brandy . jame glaisher yes . well . a scientist be nothing without he equipment . he smile . she laugh . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) hold they out . amelia wren what be you go to do ? jame glaisher this be go to hurt . amelia look at he . she hold out she hand . jame pour brandy over the top of they . this sting . she grit she tooth to the pain . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) better ? amelia wren worse . jame glaisher I do not know what you do for I up there but I have no doubt it be a great act . he take she hand in he . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) you poor hand . he rub they gently . it 's beautiful . she look up at he . he look back . it begin to snow . he look around at the snow fall all around they . he grin at she . she smile back . amelia wren and now snow , as if we have not have enough . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 73 jame glaisher it will pass . she smile again . he take out a sample glass . he catch the snowdrop . she look at he . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) possibly interesting to analyse the melt water . she nod . and then she pick up a glass and try to catch they too . he laugh . she do too . the two of they continue in they complicity . and it be beautiful . and then amelia look back at jame , a strange smile on she face . jame watch as snow flake land on she shoulder , she cheek , she eyelash . int . balloon . snow . evening 59 19,500ft . falling 2500ft/min. - 5C / 23f the two sit - batter to within a inch of they life , exhaust and as break as the basket that hold they . there 's a almost perfect silence between they as they watch the snow fall around they as the balloon descend . amelia wren they say that balloon be about go up , but I have always enjoy the descent just as much . the feel of the world come back to you . she look at jame . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) and we have return with important science , be I right ? jame glaisher we have . amelia wren my sister want to know why I would fly in a balloon again . I think it be because I want - all that I know - all that he teach I - all that I lose - to be for something . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 74 jame think , desperate to give she the meaning . jame glaisher it seem the air get colder the closer we rise to the sun . the humidity get less dense despite we float through cloud , which be also odd . there be a clear lack of oxygen at the upper reach -— amelia wren that 's not what I mean . jame glaisher Newton say - '' we build too many wall and -' amelia wren I do not want to hear from Newton , I want to hear from you . jame think deeply . jame glaisher all my life , I have find comfort in science . it help give meaning to the many thing we cannot control ... bring a degree of order to the chaos that surround we . but whilst we may be able to explain the science behind a aureole , or the fall snow , it be not possible to account for its beauty . no amount of data could have help I predict that the only person who could have take we to the height we reach today - be you . together , we have bring the star closer . this line penetrate deep . amelia softly smile . amelia wren we have bring the star closer . amelia sit for a moment . then she look up . we watch she do so . ext . balloon . snow . continuous - 60 16,000ft . falling 3500ft /min. - 1c / 30 F she look at the snow , she frown . the snow be float around they , neither move down nor up . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 75 she check a gauge . she look up at the balloon . amelia wren do you notice something about the snow ? jame glaisher no . amelia wren it 's hover . it 's static . jame look at it , she see she 's right . jame glaisher that be strange - what might - amelia wren we might , if we be travel at the same speed as it . jame glaisher the same speed as - snow ? amelia look up at the balloon . she frown . she look down at she uncover shoe . amelia wren the gas , it 's still escape , this - combine with the decrease in pressure mean -— she grab the valve line and pull hard . jame glaisher - the balloon be collapse . amelia wren help I . pull . the balloon come out of the cloud . he grab the valve line with she and together they tug hard . her boot be dislodge and fall down hard through the interior of the balloon , it land with a thud in the basket . jame glaisher what on earth be that ? amelia wren my shoe . probably best not to question it . jame glaisher but that be - if you shoe be up there that mean ... the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 76 amelia wren we need to lose weight . a lot of weight . she take out a knife and start to try and cut at the ballast . but she hand will not allow she . jame take the knife from she . he cut it quickly and throw it . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) the chest ! they throw the chest out together . she try to take she oil off but she hand will not work amelia wren ( cont 'd ) jacket ! jame throw off he heavy jacket and then start throw out he instrument . he stop - he look at he pocket watch and then he glass . he throw out the watch and then look at the glass . he keep they in he hand . jame glaisher ( full of decisiveness ) climb up into the hoop . do it now . quickly . amelia look at he , surprised . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) the car . we lose the basket . amelia look at he and then the fast approach ground . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) it be the heaviest weight . it 's we only option . jame climb into the hoop , but he can not do it with the glass in he hand , he throw they over , shutting he eye for a moment , and then clamber up . he hold down a hand to help amelia inside , she frown at he and climb inside . ext . balloon . hoop . continuous - 61 7,500ft . falling 4,500ft / min. 5C / 41 F jame lay down on the hoop , wrapping he leg round it to secure himself . he lean down and cut one of the rope from the hoop to the basket . it ping away . the basket lurch from side to side as the weight distribution change . amelia barely manage to stop herself from fall . she rights herself . 61 a the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 77 amelia wren quickly ! jame shuffles on and cut the next rope . and then the next . the basket now hang precariously , hold by a single rope . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) James ! he slashes at the rope but do not manage to sever it . the basket swing mightily underneath they , cause the balloon to lurch at a uncomfortable angle . jame glaisher ready ? she nod . he lean in and slashes again and the basket fall away from under they . ext . balloon . hoop . continuous - 61a 2,500ft . falling 2000ft / min. 15c / 59f it hurtle down towards the ground . they descent slow . jame and amelia be still cling on . amelia look up and then down desperately . amelia wren it 's not enough . we be still too fast . jame glaisher it will be enough . amelia wren I be not sure I be ever mean to survive this . jame look at she , horrify to hear this . and then he realise why she 's tell he . jame glaisher Amelia , what be you do ? no . she pull herself up onto the hoop and prepare to jump . jame desperately look up , he see the balloon flap . a think occur . jame glaisher ( cont 'd ) Amelia . bed sheet . 61b 62 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 78 amelia wren bed sheet ? jame look up , a smile on he face now . jame glaisher we sever the cord that hold the balloon in shape , the silk will be suck up to the top of the netting , and act as a parachute . amelia wren it will not work . jame glaisher I will not return alone . it will be both of we , or neither of we . amelia look at he with a startle smile and then begin to wrap she arm and leg in amongst the rope . the descent be get really fast now . the envelope of the balloon be almost entirely collapse . the noise be overwhelming , everything be overwhelming . he smile at she , think , shut he eye and then cut the cord . and the balloon be free - ext . balloon . continuous - 61b 800ft . falling 1000ft / min. 20c / 68 F the material flap open - and spread - and they be yank upwards - both shouting out in pain as they be violently wrench by the rope . they look at each other , have it work ? it look like it have . the parachute be hold and they be float downward . jame look up astonished . the ground come at they rapidly : the wind be carry they at quite some speed and it whip the balloon through the field . jame look at amelia - a final moment of connection - he smile and then they smash hard into a copse of tree . ext . copse of tree . evening 62 we travel fast and brutally through it . the ring snap and jame be throw off . the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 79 but we stay with amelia who cling on for dear life to she partial parachute as the balloon be tear through hedge . and then she 's free of the tree . ext . field . evening 63 the balloon now act like a sail and drag wren across the ground spitting up stone and debris as it go . it hit the ground and bounce up again . it fly for a moment more . we can almost feel the rush of the wind . then it hit the ground savagely again . she lose consciousness . her seemingly lifeless body be drag further across the ground a further ten - fifteen - foot . and then - eventually the balloon come to a standstill . and there 's silence . ext . field . evening 64 amelia open she eye . her skin be batter , bloody and bruise . she close she eye again . and then she open they again . she look around . amelia wren James ? James ? no answer . amelia wren ( cont 'd ) jame ! she stop and listen . and then , faintly , in the distance : jame glaisher Amelia ! she laugh . they have make it . then she struggle to she foot , and hobble towards James . he 's crawl on he hand and knee , clearly in pain . amelia wren James . 65alt 66 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 80 jame glaisher I be just come to find you . amelia wren not very quickly , it seem . * can you stand ? * jame glaisher I would rather not . amelia wren and if I help you .... jame glaisher then I will stand . she smile and help he up . they look around for a moment , * and then - slowly - begin to walk across the field . * amelia ( v.o . ) it be estimate that we rise to a height of 37,000 foot that day - 5 mile high . int . arthur glaisher 's bedroom - day 65 alt * arthur glaisher lie in bed , while ethel read from a copy of the Times . ethel glaisher '' two aeronaut have be nearer , by some mile , to the moon and star than all the race of man before they ... '' arthur glaisher * we boy . * arthur squeeze ethel 's hand . * int . royal society lecture hall - day 66 jame be deliver a report on he record break balloon * ascent . JOHN trew look on proudly . * amelia ( v.o . ) * James glaisher 's meticulous * recording of data lead to the * discovery that the atmosphere have * different layer within it that * * govern we weather . 67 68 the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 81 jame glaisher the fact that we be able to come back at all to present this be due to some luck and Amelia wren 's courageous fly . and so , we tell we story not for the purpose of pleasure , but for the advancement of knowledge and the good of we all . thank you . the member of the Royal Society begin to rise and start to clap , until the whole room be full with the sound of applause . amelia ( v.o. ) he be elect head of the meteorological Society 5 year later . charle GREEN be still sit as the people around he applaud . he reluctantly get to he foot and , aware of the people around he , put he hand together force a smile . ext . hillside - day 67 amelia be with antonia and antonia 's daughter , run up a wet and windy hillside . the girl be carry kite . despite the weather , everyone 's laugh . amelia ( v.o. ) my own discovery be more personal - I find my way back into the world again . amelia wren come on ! I have fly in worse weather than this . we will make pilot of you yet . antonia we will not !! amelia ( v.o. ) we take to the sky in the name of discovery , to find something new . to change the world . but you do not change the world simply by look at it . you change it by live in it . ext . sky - sunset 68 in the basket , jame silently take he measurement and amelia pilot the balloon . jame look up for a moment to take in the beauty that surround he . he make eye contact with amelia . she hold he look . + HH HH hk + hf hf % * * + eh the aeronaut cut order - as of 20th July 2019 82 amelia ( v.o. ) we fly not only for ourselves , but to inspire that who come after we . we cut wide to see the balloon sailing up and away , silhouett against the set sun . amelia ( v.o. ) look up . the sky lie open . credit .