finac the gosdbye girl by Neil Simon third draft December , 1976 the Goodbye girl chgs . 1-31-77 pol fade in : ext . - 60 th STREET and lexington ave . n.w. corner - day 1 paula mcfadden , a attractive thirty - three year old , exit subway with she ten year old daughrer , lucy . title ext . + bloomingdale be - lexington ave . - day 14 ext . - alemander be - lexington ave . - day 2 Paula and Lucy cross the streer from bloomingdale 's to alexander be . pan from street to sunglass display . title int . - alexander be ( behind sunglass display ) - day 3 Paula check price tag . title int , - alexander be - children' shoe dept , - day 3a Lucy try on merchandise . title . bmt . / ext . - alexander be - 59 th STREET - near lexington - Paula and Lucy , with package . title ext . national shoe store - lexington ave . - day 4a 7 tkt . - rghard jounson be - lexington ave , - day 5 aula and Lucy be have 2 snack . we see bloom - dale 's and Alexander 's across the streec . title ext . - lexington avenue - 60 th STREET - day 6 the Goodbye girl chgs . 1-31-77 p.2 paula | 5 this time next week , California ! cont 'd ( look at Lucy ) ( 2 ) you excited ? Lucy un huh . paula I too , . , can not wait . lucy be you ever there ? paula ( nod ) once ... for six week . tour with some musical , Middle of December we go swim . lucy which musical ? paula what 's the difference ? I be try to tell you how beauciful it 's go to be . we be go to look for a little house up in the hill . no smog ... sunshine everyday ... % Paula and Lucy walk to bus stop . lucy near the movie studio ? paula yes . you window will face Warner Brothers . you can watch they blow up the world from you bed , alright ? «.. can you imagine have you own orange tree and lemon ...? lucy . I think the musical be " fiddler on the roof " ...1 remember stay with grandma . I be four and a half , paula ( annove ) you be never four and a half . you be bear 26 ! the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 p.3 final title ext . - 78th STREET - west side - day 7 the neighborhood be pretty tacky . mostly run down brownstone . Paula and Lucy walk down che block toward the eutrance of they building . lucy you think I will be in the same grade ? paula sure . everything 's the same out there only it 's three hour earlier . you will graduate young . lucy a girl from California be in we class and she go to school with helen reddy 's daughter . paula / well , what about you ?... after this picture , they will be say , " there go tony deferrest 's little girl " ... lucy - yeah , but he 's nor a star . he 's just a actor . paula star have to be actor first . Lucy +.. and he 's not really my father . paula you be such a stickler for detail ! int . - build - day . 8 they be climb the stair . the building be pretty run down , graffiti om the wall ... they live on the fourth floor . lucy can I show tony all my thing first ? paula later . you have get homework to do . the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 pia . lucy 8 we be move in four day . do I cort would have to do my homewark ? ( 2 ) paula a suppose between now and Friday they teach brain surgery . I do not wane you to miss it . lucy we have it last week in science . paula .» be you serious ? Lucy Dumb ! you know you be dumb ! paula well , I think maybe in frog dis - section . what do I know ? int . + apartment - day : . 9 ie be a tiny , seedy apartment . a tiny vestibule lead into a live room-dining room . there be - also a small kitchen and two small bedroom . there be a lot of thearrical phote on the wall , most of chem of a rather dark and attractive accor , tony deforrest . a few of the off - Broadway show poster be on the wall ... Lucy can I just show he my blue . sweater ? , .. and the new jeans ? paula " all right . but brush you hair and wash you face ... lucey take she thing and start for she room . paula +.» and no make -up ! Paula cross through live room to bedroom door . it be close . she open ic slowly and peek in . we see the bed . it be muss but empry . she enter the room . . the Goodbye chgs. 1- 16 ~ int . - bedroom - day paula tony ...7 ( she put down package ) you in the bathroom ?... hey , we clean we Alexander 's ... ( she open 4 package ) buy everything on sale so you would better like it ' cause we can 'c exchange ic . ( take out a man 's sport shirt ) buy you a present ... come on out and cake a look ... tony ? ( look towards bathroom ) she cross into bathroom . int . + bathroom the bathroom be empty ... she look puzzle . she cross back into : ixt . - live room her eye go to the mantel . on the mantel area number of photcgraph , mostly of a hendsome thirty - five year old actor name tony deforrest . besides some profassional shot cf tony , there be snap ef he and Paula and he , Paula and Lucy ... wedge on the face of the tv dial be a envelope with " Paula " sevibble across the face . she cross to tv and pick up che envelope , open it and take cut a letter , she start to read it , lucy bedroom a very small room , decorate with photo of male movie star and a few rock star . Lucy be wear a brand new blue sweater , she be about to put.on she brand new jeans when suddenly she hear Paula - $ ¢ream from the live room . " oh , God ... " Lucy struggle co set into the jeans and rush out of the room . not 12 13 the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 p.54 int . - live room 14 Paula , letter in hand , cry ... Lucy what happen ? paula he 's go !... he leave without we ... p16 lucy 14 for California ? cont 'd ( 2 ) paula «+. for Italy ... . lucy huh ? Paula just sit there . the letter hang limply in she hand . Lucy take it from she ... Lucy : can I read it ? Paula do not answer extept to sob . Lucy begin to read letter aloud . lucy . " dear Paula ... this be not a easy letter to write .. " ( to Paula ) it do not start off too good , . do it ? ( back to letter ) ... " where the hell do I begin ? you know you and the kid mean a lot to I ... " ( shrug to herself ) the ' kid '?... ( back to letter ) " TI turn down the job in l.a ... it be just a lousy tv picture anyway ... on mondey Stan field call . I get the barto -- barto -- " . : paula bartolucci ! " bartolucci picture ... " who 's bartolucei ? pau:a a italian director . lucy what would he direct ? : paula what do T know ?... what be you ask question like that now for ? . p.7 Lucy ( shrug ; back to 14 letter ) cont 'd " it 's six month shoot in Spain ( 3 ) and Italy ... ic 's a hell of a part , Paula , and I want it ... I break my ass ~~ " paula never mind . give it to I . Lucy ass ! I hear the word .. " I break my ass for twelve year in this town and thing be finally beginning to break for I ... I tald you when you first move in here with I that it be never go to be permanent ... ~— ~ Christ , I be not even divorced from patti yet ... " ( to Paula ) who 's parti ? paula I tell you about she . Lucy no , you do not . paula I think you would be upser-if . ___. you be live with a marry man . Lucy 2 be not live with he . you be . iwas in the next room . paula well , they be practically divorced ... lucy ( tack to letter ) - «.. " I leit early today because I do not think a goodbye scene would do any of we any good ... " ( to Paula ) this be one of the worst letter I ever read in my whole life . paula ( nod ) isn 'c ic terrible ? lucy ( back to letter ) - ... " dt wish L have something to leave you and the kid ... " " he do not leave we anything ? the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 Paula shrug ' no '. lucy ( back to lletrer ) .«. " you know I have be in hock up to my ear ... I have co sell my watch and my camera to pay off the loan shark " ... {to Paula ) he owed money to shark ? paula I will explain it some other time . ~ Lucy " buc I know you will be alright ... you can always go back to dance '' . paula Dancing !... I be 33 , I can hardly walk anymore . a lucy ... " you deserve more than I can give you ... I wish che both of we all the luck in the world ... Love to the kid " ... paula do not read any more . lucy it 's just one more word . ( she read ) " tony " . she put the letrer down . Paula put she arm around she to comfert she . lucy ( conc 's 2 ) - + + : do this mean we be not go to California ? ( Paula nod , sob ) . thac mean T have to do my home - work , do not it ? ( Paula nod ... she rock Lucy in she arm . ) int . - live room / kitchen ~ night Paula be sit in the empty roon stare at the ceiling . Lucy enter from she bedroom , p.8 14 cont 'd ( 4 ) 15 the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 lucy I can not sleep either . Paula open she arm towards she and Lucy climb into they ... Paula sniffles . ' Lucy how about some popcorn ? Paula shake she head " no " . Lucy brownie ?... Bacon , lettuce , tomato on rye toase and chocolate milk ?... Paula laugh . lucy that 's funny ? paula I ... I be laugh at I ... I be so dumb , it 's hysterical . Lucy weird sense of humor . she snuggle into Paula . paula you would think I would have learn my lesson ... married a actor and he walk out on I ... live with a actor and he ely out ... next rime I talk to @n actor , kick I in the ... well , you know the word , - lucy ass ! , .. why do not we go to California _ anyway ? maybe you can get into tele - vision ... evervbody get into tele= vision . paula we have not get enough money to get through the lincoln tunnel , lucy we can sell the furniture . paula ie belong to the owner of che building . f.9 15 cont 'd ( 2 ) p10 Lucy 15 we can sell it late be night . oy ? : 3 ) paula I think tony 's leave he mark on you ... do not worry . I will get a job . I can still dance ... I just have to get back in shape ... i can do it . Lucy I know . paula you be not worried , baby , be you ? lucy ( not convincing ) no , paula «+ . tell I . Lucy I just tell you . paula I mean tell I what you be think about now , lucy ..- I be wonder how you can owe money to shark . Paula turn away , not want to deal with this now . ext , - two story build - day ot 16 it be in the nid-forty . a building that house vehearsal room , act and dance class . we hear @ plano over . int . - dance CLASS - day 17 about twenty people , male and fenale , be teking dance class . a female instructor count off , walk among they . most of they be in leotard and sweat suit . some be professional dancer , some actor , other be housewive ané businessman , Paula , in bleck leotard , be somewhere in the back of the class , strain to keep up with the exercise . she moan and groan ... the Goodbye girl chgs. 3-21-77 . instructor ... Bend , bend , three , four , arch back , three , four ... I see you , Paula . +». you can not hide from I ... touch toe , three , four ... my God , what have you do to you body ? paula it die . have a little respect . she fall back on the floor , exhaust . donna Paula ? ( Paula turn ) hi ... donna Douglas ...1 I be the swing girl when you be in " company " . paula oh , sure . hi , donna. ( mop brow ) whew ! donna . tough get back into shape , be not it ? paula it 's be two year , ces amazing how flabby you get when you be happy . ext . - 78th STREET - late afternooh Paula be come down the block carry grocery . she walk with - some degree of pain . ste arrive at the step of the browa steme and start up ... mrs. crosby , the ' ménageress ' , a large , no - noasense black woman , emerge from she apartment under the step . mrs . crosby you leavin ' tonight or in the morning ? paula ( stop ) I be sorry . what be that , Mrs. crosby ? mrs . crosby just checkin’ on what time you be vacatin ' , paula oh ! we be not go to California . I forget to tell you . p.il 17 cont 'd ( 2 ) l7a out * 18 the Goodbye girl chgs. 3-21-77 p.12 mrs . crosby 's '' 18 well , I be noe the only one you cont 'd forget to cell ... that apartment 's ( 2 ) be sublet . paula ' what be you telking about ? we be pay up through June . we have get three more month . you can not sublet that aparcment , the Goodbye girl . chgs. 12-15-76 p.13 mrs . crosby 18 I be not ..- you man do , honey . ore 2 paula ( shocked , come down step ) ... be sublet we avartmeat ?? mrs , crosby he notify I lasr night . it be he name on the lease , so he can do what he want ... you just be sure you leave it the way you find ic . she start back in . paula ( furious ) itm not leave iz !!... I clean Te and paint it and decorate it , it 's mine ! I do not care what he do , I " m not get out , you understand ! mrs . crosby that 's none of my business , honey . you can take thar up with the sub - lettee ... I just do n'c want any trouble in my building . she start back into she epartment . Paula stand there , scream . paula that bastard !... that no - good bastard ! mrs . crosby ( nod in agreement ) . — uh huh ! 4nd she disappear behind she close door . int . = live room - night 13 we be on the window , it be raining heavily . lightning and thunder in the distance ... Paula be angrily throw out tony deforrest 's photo . the goodbve girl chgs. 12-15-76 she suddenly pick one picture up and hurl it against the wall , smash ic . as the docr open . Lucy enter carry a tray with two glass of milk and a dish of cookie . she loox at break giass on floor . lucy .. and you be always tell I to clean up my room ! ext . - west end avenue - night the rain be pour down . a cab pull up and a young man , in he late twenty , get we . he have a scraggly beard , scruffy hair and wear glass . his mame be elliot garfield . he carry a old suitcase , a duffel bag and a guiter case . he pay driver and run into building . int . - bedroom - night the two girl in bed , half finish with they snack . lucy how would you do in dance class ? paula I get wind put on my leotard . Paula drink ... paula ( cont would ) a girl there tell I there 's a musical audition tomorrow . i'll give it a cry , Lucy then you would better watch you diet . I will finish you cookie . ( she take last two ) tre hallway elliot come up stair , look for apartment . his eyeglass be soaking wet . he can barely see . he find the aparument , take out key from coat pocket and insert it in lock . he turm it , open door but it stop , it be boleed . he close the door , then ring the deorbell . p14 19 cont 'd ( 2 ) 20 - 2h 22 room Paula sit up . Lucy who 's that ? ' paula I do not know . she turn light on . look at clock . Lucy maybe it 's tony . maybe he change he mind and come back , paula you be so young . the doorbell ring again . Paula get up and put on she robe . paula stay here . the hallway ee 24 elliot be wiping he glass with he handkerchief . he ring the bell again . we hear Paula from the other side of the door . paula who be it ? . elliot — . oo er... elliot garfield , paula - . who ? ° elliot elliot cgarfield .. , from Chicago ... be tony in ? paula there 's no tony here . ss elliot '' — ~ there be not ?... tony deforrest ? paula there 's no one by that name here . p.1 23 the Goodbye girl chgs . 2-16-77 p.16 elliot 24 . wait 2 second . o> he take out slip of paper , then check it with door number . elliot 3a , this be the right apartment . I * be here once , about two year ago . paula I do not care what apartment you have get , there 's no tony deforrest here . elliot could you open the door a second ? paul not five after twelve , I can not . elliot ( annoyed ) Jesus ... you get a latch ? keep it lock . I just want to talk to you . the door open but remain on the bolt . Paula peer out , look he up and down . close ups 24a paula make it fast . my husband be sleep . elliot there 's gotta be some mistake . I just sublet this apartment from this friend of mine . tony deforrest . he live here . paula that will be news to my husband , Charlie . elliot look , I get a receipt in my pocket for three month rent . I send he a check ... L be suppose to move in tomorrow but I come in early because I start work in the morning and I think I could spend the night here ... you lock a little ceonZuse . '' can I speak to you husband ? the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 pll paula 244 he will be at the 37th precinct at cont 'd nine o'clock , in the morning . ( 2 ) Charlie d'agostino . homicide . goodnight . she slam the door . he stand there drip and anguish . he do not know which way to turn , so he turn forlornly toward the stair . int . - bedroom 25 Paula come back in , take off she robe . Lucy who be it ? paula never mind . she get into bed . lucy it do not sound like ' never mind 's to I . paula .+- tony rent the apartment to some - one ... but I be not give it up ... it 's ours . go to sleep . Lucy he rent it ?... you mean we have to leave ? paula we over my dead body . Lucy what if they force we ? paula let ‘em try . ( curm she back to Lucy ) go to sleep . lucy he rent the apartment . ( she turn over , back to Paula ) . whar a shitheel ! the Goodbye girl chgs . 3-21-77 p.18 26 out = int . - bedroom . 27 Paula and Lucy be nearly asleep . the phone ring , Paula look be it ... it ring again ... she sit up and stare at it ... it ring again . Lucy it 's not for I . all my friend be sleep . it ring again . she pick it up . paula hella ? ext . - STREET phone booth 28 elliot on phone . elliot hello ?... be tony there , please ? int . ~ bedroom 29 paula who 's call ? ext , phone booth 30 elliot you know who 's call . I be just up there , I recognize you voice , Mrs. d'agostino . the Goodbye girl chgs . 2-16-77 int . - bedroom paula Mrs , who ? ext . - phone booth ellict diagest !... and how come you telephone enswer to tony deforrest 's number ?... and how come the key he send I Air mall special Delivery open you door ? heh ? heh ?... you want to answer d'agostino ? int , - bedroom that question , Mrs. paula no . why do not you answer they ? ext . - phone booth elliot alright , I will ... the answer be something fishy 's go on up there ... I be wet as a herring , Mrs. whatever you name be ... I do not have a place to sleep tonight and I do not want to blow my last few buck on a hotel . ( look at watch ) now accorce to my non-waterproof watch , it be at least twenty after twelve and technically that apart - up there righr '' ment belong to I ... now do I come now and discuss this amicably or do I storm the place in the mo int . - bedroom paula I have a gun . I have to . she slam down the phone . rning . I will use it if p.19 31 32 33 34 - + % 35 the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 Lucy you have a gun ? paula ; lf you believe it , maybe he will . ext . - phone booth elliot be stand on the curb , in the rain , wave a dollar bill in he hand at pass cab and car . elliot ( yell ) Change !... ( ear pregnant with change ! int . - kitchen Paula be at the refr of milk . lucey appea : wey . n trouble , right ? paula '' we be i Change of a dollar ?... whiz by ) ife in the lobby , I need igerator get herself a glass rs at the doorway . we be not in trouble . we have we rights . possession be nine tenth of the law . lucy what 's the other tenth ? - soe shut up . paula the phone ring . Paula look at it . it ring again . lucy ++. be that the last tenth ? paula go back to bed . i'1i handle this . Lucy turn and go . rello ? Paula pick up the phone . paula p.20 35 cont 'd ( 2 ) '' 36 37 ext . int . the Goodbye girl chgs. 2-16-77 + phone booth elliot I just call the 37th precinct . there be no Charles d'agostino in homicide !... then I call rita Scot a old actress friend of mine . rita Scott be in '' merchant of Venice " in the park this year with the ever popular tony deforrest . rita also tell I all about this girl tony 's be live with for the last two year ... a '' certain Paula mcfadden , a former dancer , and she ten year old daughter , Lucy . rita further tell I that the apartment in question be lease in the name of tony déforrest . she know this for a fact because rita use to live with tony , the smoothy , prior to Paula and Lucy ... now then can we continue this conversation in a drier room , miss mcfadden ? - kitchen paula .+. you get problem , take it up with the house Authority . she be about to hang up . e&t . - phone booth elliot do not hang up !. a please , do not hang up . I do not have any more change ... I be soak to the be , miss mcfadden , and I have a vary low threshold for disease ... I don ! t know what tony tell you but he 's get my money , I heave a lease and you have get the apartment . now one of we get screw ... let I ve-phrase that ... we have to talk this out ... I be in no condition , financial or healthwise , to look for a hotel in the pour rain . if there be such a thing as the " 78th Street flu , " I think I have get it . p.2l 38 39 40 the Goodbye girl chgs , 8-21-77 int , - kitchen paula why do not you take a shot in a con - venient place ? ext . ~ phone booth elliot five minute , that 's all I ask ... look , in about thirty second we be gonna get cut off , miss mcfadden , ... my mumber be ... ( he look ) o> 873-5261 ... it 's a flood booth on Amsterdam ... if you have any compassion in you heart -- operator' voice five cent for the next three min~ ute , please . elliot I be try to work it out , Operator . any human compassion in you heart , you will call I back ... the number again be 873-5261 ... that 's 873 - 52 == ( the phone click off ) ah , shit -- 61 ! CUT to : ' door of apartment a elliot ring the bell . he wipe he wet glass . the bolt unlatch and the door open . ° elliot thank you . paula five minute ! 42 '' he stoops tc pick up he bag . . paula leave you bag . this be not a permanent conversation . he nod and walk in . int . + apartment she close the door , he wipe forehead , still rain - soak , with he handkerchief . elliot I be drip on you rug . paula ie 's be drip on before . she walk into the live room and take a place near the false fireplace , one arm on the mantel . follow she in , look around . elliot ++. look , I be sorry about all this . i do not know there be go to be any complication . paula yeah , well , there 's a lot of that go around lately . elliot ( nod again ) okzy . I do not blame you for be hostile . I get the picture . tony rent I the aparcnent , split with the money and you end you daughter get dumped on , rignc ? - paula that 's you version . my version be that tony and I amicably end we relationship , we agree I would keep the apartment and you and you six hundred dollar get dumped on ... get the picture ? elliot ( smile , nod ) very good ... very sharp ... @ sharp New York girl , right ? he p.23 43 cont 'd ( 2 ) 44 p.24 . _ paula 44 no. a dull Cincinnati kid . but cont 'd you get dumped on enough , you ( 2 ) start to develop a edge . elliot ' okay , so what 's the deal ? I have a lease in my pocket . you gonna honor it or not ? paula I get 2 daughter in my bed . thac top a lease in you pocket , elliot look , I do n'c want to get legal . legal be on my side ... I happen to have a lawyer acquaintance downtown . now all I have to do be call this downtown lawyer acquaintance of mine -- paula oh , Jesus ! a actor ! elliot what ? paula another goddamn actor ! " I happen to have a lawyer acquaintance " +s . that 's right cut of " streetcar name desire 's ... stanley kowalski in summer stock , right ? elliot . . wrong ! I play it in Chicago in the dead of winter ... Three and a half month at the drury Lane . paula ( nod ) ask a actor a question , he give you he credit . elliot you want the review too ? , .. " elliot garfield bring new dimension to kowalski that even brando have not investigate " ... okay ? paula terrific . you write beautifully -.» be not you a little short to play stanley ? p.25 elliot ' 44 no one notice . I stand on the cont 'd poker table ... what be you , 2 ( 3 ) eritic ? paula no , no . I love actor . as long as they stay up on the stage where they belong . put them down in real life and the whole world get screw up ... well , I have have enough . I be nor get kick out of the same lousy apartment twice . you want you money back , go to naple . you want this apartment , buy I two ticket to California ... I will give you two minute to think it over before I yell " rape ! " elliot ( amaze ) | ' Jesus ! you be something ! it 's a wonder tony do n™t take a jab in the Philippines . paula I hope you be think because I be count . . _ elliot --_.. wait a minute ! wait a minute , willy a ?... what if we make a deal ? paula what kind of deal ? elliot a _ I do not imow . let I think of ~ one ... I just get here ... could I have a cup of coffee ? - paula ~ no. elliot do not be bashful . just say what 's on you mind ... alright , here 's the situarion ... paula I know the situation . the goodbve girl chgs. 2-16-77 p26 : elliot 44 do you mind if I say it out loud , .. because cont'd I do not believe ic myself ... here be the ( 4 ) situation ... you have no money but you have my apartment ... I have get a joo off - - Broadway but no place to sleep ... also , you have get a daughter to think of ... paula I be think of she right now ... elliot do I the courtesy of hearing I out . you be not the only one who can yell ' rape " .. , alright ... we be in a bind ... the both of we ... and I think the only practical solution be to share this apartment . paula I accept . elliot what ? paula L accept . I may be stubborn but I be not stupid . elliot you mean it ? paula I have a daughter who go to school and I have to start look for a job , you have a key . I would have cto stand guard all day to keep you out ... you win . get you bag . you get the small bedroom . he look at she nonpluss as she head for Lucy 's bedroom , he start out to the hall . he open the door and elliot what the hell be I get myself into ? SMALL bedroom 45 this be the one that Lucy usually occupy . Paula open closet and start to take Lucy 's thing ouc with some degree of belligerence . live room 46 elliot come in with he bag and guitat case , look around . where be int . - bedroom elliot cross and open the door . the light be on . wrong bedroom . from the bed at he . elliot you ? elliot oh . I be sorry . hello . you must be Lucy . the Goodbye girl chgs. 2-16-77 but it 's the Lucy look . up I get the wrong room ... 1 be elliot . lucy ( scmewhat be - wilder ) elliot Lucy that 's right . elliot I be elliot garfield ... I be move in the cther room . oh ?... lucy elliot - ~ I be a friend of tony ... tony de forrest . Lucy that 's nice . yeah ?... I see . elliot I be a actor , too . Lucy elliot you mother know . lucy elliot so i guess I will be see you around . p.27 46 cort 'd ( 2 ) 47 the Goodbye girl chgs. 2-16-77 p.28 lucy , 47 I guess so . cont 'd ( 2 ) elliot well ...goodnight ...oh , gum . he walk out of the room . we stay on Lucy . : Lucy Jesus ! the other bedroom 48 Paula have put most of Lucy 's thing on the bed . _ elliot - I just meet ~ Lucy - _. paula > what do you tell she ? elliot m that I be move in ... she seem . _ to take it in stride . paula you grow up fast in this epartment .». the jonn be in there . ( she pick up clothes . : from the bed ) — I will get the rest of she thing out in the morning . she start out . int . - hall outside bathroom 48a elliot . hey , listen , you think you can stop - grind you tooth for two minute ? the noise be drive I crazy . paula a drippy stranger from Chicago with a wet beard and dirty sneaker move into my daughter 's room and you expect smile ? elliot hey , you know , you be dynamite ! I love listen to you talk . I hate Li g with you , but the conversation the Goodbye girl . chgs. 12-15-76 p.29 paula 4 BA this be you room . I do not clean cont 'd or make bed . you can use the bath - ( 2 ) room or the kitchen when I be not in it and wash it up when you be through . you pay for you own food , laundry , linen and phone call , I would apprec~ iate some quiet between six and nine every night because that 's when Lucy do she homework and I do not care what you drink or smoke as long as ic 's not grass in frone of my ten year old daughter . now do we have everything straight ? elliot no ! paula no? elliot I be not crazy about the arrangement . paula you be nat ? elliot definitely not ... I be pay for the rent , I will make the rule . ,.1 take shower every morning so do not have you little panty drying on the rod ... I like to cook so I will use the kitchen whenever I damn please ... and I be very careful about my condiment so keep you salt and pepper to yourself ... I play the guitar in the middle of the night when I can not sleep and I meditate first thing in the morning , complete with chant and burn incense , so if you gotta move around , let 's have a little tiproeing .. , also T sleep in the nude ...buffo.. , with the window open , winter , summer , rain or snow , I also may have to ge to the potty or to the fridge late at night and I do not feel like put on jammy which I do not own in the first place ... so unless you be look for a quick thrill or you daughter advanced education , I would keep my door close ... that be my rule ( continue ) the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.30 elliot ( cont would ) . 4 BA and regulation , how do that : cont 'd grab you ? ( 3 ) paula and if I say no ? elliot I have this lawyer acquaintance ... paula I accept . elliot ( nod ) we be movin ' right along . paula I do not like it and I do not think I like you . elliot because I be a actor ? paula ( nod ) couple with you personality . elliot it 's probably why we be throw together . one of God 's little jest ... now if you will move you shapely little Zanny out of my room , I will umpack and dry my beard . she start out , about to close door . he smile . elliot miss mcfadden. {as she stop ) you forget to say goodnight . '' paula I be work on ' goodbye ' ! she exit and close door hard . paula 's. bedroom . 49 Paula come in , obviously upset , and dump Lucy 's thing on a chair . Lucy watch she . Paula take off she robe . the Goodbye girl chgs. 2-16-77 lucy how long be he gonna stay ? paula as long as he let we . she get into bed . paula go to the bathroom ! lucy I do not have to go now , paula then save it till the morning . it 's mot safe we there ... good night . she turn she back to Lucy . Lucy no kiss ? paula ( still angry ) I be angry . I do not want to lose it ... we be gonna need it . int . - bedroom hallway - night about three a.m ... suddenly we hear a guitar quietly pluck away at a melody . paula' voice cchhrrist : lucy ( moan ) int . - paula' bedroom - night paula listen to that . do that guitar wake you ? Lucy no. you do ... paula I be sorry . p.31 49 cont 'd ( 2 ) 50 out 51 * the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.32 Lucy 5a be he gonna play that all night ? cont'd 2 paula ( get out of bed ) put the pillow over you ear . she put on robe . lucy I 'll smother . paula it 's better than that guitar . she storm out of the room . int , - elliot room . 52 the room be dark , except for a small lamp . we be on the wall and see the silhouette of eliiot strumm he guitar on the wall ... we hear Paula kmock on the door angrily ... he continue to play «.. the knock get louder , the strumm stop . elliot who be it ? paula' voice very funny . can I come in ? elliot the doot 's open . paula' voice be you decent ? elliot I be decent . we be on the door . it open and Paula storm in . paula - do you realize it 's three o'clock in the morning and my daughter have .to get up at Jesus Christ , you be naked ! and she immediately turn she back . we go to elliot , who be inceed naked , except that he have the guitar over the important part of he body . of the Goodbye girl chgs. 2-16-77 paula ( continue ) I think you say you be decent . elliot I be decent . TI also happen to be naked , paula lt have a grow daughter inside who 's not go to grow on two hour ' sleep a night ... do you have to play that thing at this hour ? elliot L tell you . it help I to fall asleep . paula have you ever try pill ? elliot I do not know how to play pill : paula it 's not hard . you pop they in you mouth and swallow . elliot I be a person of health . I do not put unnatural thing in my body , Music be one of nature 's sedative . t£ you will just listen to it instead of fight it , we will all be asleep in five minute . he start to strum and hum softly . . elliot ( continue ) . «+. if it reallv bother you , take two sleep pill and stick one in each ear ... La da da dee da da dee dumm dum ... he continue to play . she storm out of room , slamm the decor . ' int . - paula' bedroom she come in angrily , take off she robe . we can still hear the guitar strumm softly . p.33 52 cont 'd ( 2 ) 53 the Goodbye girl chgs. 2-16-77 paula he will not stop ... I have a lawyer acquaintance too , I can get . _ ( she get into bed ) just take deep breath and count to a hundred ... I be sorry , baby ... I be really sorry you get catch in the middle of all this ... Lucy ?... Lucy ? but Lucy be fast asleep . Paula pull the blanket over she head , as the guitar continue to strum .. , then a few final , misstruck twang -- and the guitar stop . Paula stare over she blanket cover ... paula ( continue ) +» eeverybedy buc I ! ext . - paula' bedroom window - dawn pigeon be in the foreground on the window ledge . we be looking through Paula 's window at Paula and Lucy in bed . we suddenly hear the low , deep , reson - ant sound of elliot chant he mantra in the other room ... '' om mommanomma ... om mommanomma ... om momma ~ nomma ... etc . " Paula 's eye open ... so do Lucy 's ... Lucy turn and they face each other . Lucy what 's that ? paula it sound like God ! ( she look at the clock ) '' 1 . five to six . lucy Boy , do ged get up early . the chanting continue . Lucy sniff . lucy ( continue ) ++. it smell strawberry burn . paula ( put on robe ) it 's incense . p,34 53 cont 'd '' ( 2 ) 54 out 55 the Goodbye girl chgs. 2-16-77 p.35 '' Lucy 55 whac 's incense ? cont 'd ( 2 ) paula ( grit tooth ) it 's what I be feel right now . '' she cross to door and open it . int . - apartment hall - dawn 56 we follow she down the hall to elliot 's bedroom . the chanting become louder . she look in , he be net in he bedroom ... she cross into live room . int . - live room - dawn 57 elliot be in the middle of the room on the floor . a little vase with a rise and a burn stick of incense in front of he . he be wear a sweat suit and a prayer shawl around he shoulder . he continue he mantra ... elliot om mommenomna ... om mommancmma ... paula you know it 's five minute to six ? ( as he chant on ) .-. in the morning . . ( as he chant ) -». be not there a church where you * ean do thar ? he hold up he hand for she to be quiet , he be finish - ing . he do three more '' cm mommanommas " , then one final long " omm " , bow he head to the floor , sit up and open he eye . paula ( continue ) you finish ? be that the last chorus ? elliot ee» I be in a blissful state so do not bug I . - paula be this gonna be the regular routine ? guitar act night and hum in the morning ? L have be in musical chat do not have this much music . the Goodbye girl chgs , 2-16-77 p.36 he carefully start to fold up he prayer shawl . 52 - cont'd elliot ( smile ) ( 2 ) this morning I stare rehearsals for my firse New York play . [ it 's probably the most important day , of my life . my entire career may depend on it . and be I nervous , miss mcfadden ? no , I be not nervous . because I have meki - tate . I be calm . I be relaxed . [ be confident . you , on the other hand , do not meditate . therefore you be a@ pain in the ass ... he head into kitchen as she stand there glaring after hin . int , - kitchen - day . * 58 he have he duffel bag on table and be take out bottle and jar and pucting they on the cable . he get a bowl from the cabinet as she walk , in . paula . 's + today happen to be a important day for I , too , Mr. garfield . I be audition for a new musical this morning . he pour content of jar and bottle into the bowl . a ugly assortment . paula ( continue ) I sleep seventeen minute last night , thanks to you , and with the bag if have under my eye , unless this musi - cal be about little old lady , I do not have a chance in hell ... be you listen - ing to I ? what be that slop you be - put in my dish ? elliot wheat germ , soya , lecithin , necural honey , everych organic ... my body be a temple and 1 be worshipp it . it 's what give I my vitality , energy and wonderful disposition ... 1 happen to be sixty - three year old , miss mcfadden , and look ac I ... can I fix you a bowl ? the Goodbye girl chgs. 1-31+77 paula this be not go to work out , you know . I mean , I really do not know you well enough to truly dislike you , bute you be just too weird to live with ... he be eat with a big spoon . paula ( continue ) «+ . why do n'tec you try to find yourself another place and I will pay you back you six hundred dollar once I get a job . elliot you be forget this be my apart - ment . you be live here on a elliot garfield grant ... you really oughe to try this . it have whole bran in it ... my feel be all you problem come from irregularity ... he smile and take another spoonful . ext . - stage door - shubert alley - day about two dozen dancers , male and female , be wait ing in the alleyway to be call . Paula and donna be see come into che alley . a look of disappointment when they see the horde in front of they . paula oh , no . donna - Jesus ! every kid in New York with ten toe be here . paul a they be so young ... be not they too young to work in the theater ? donna listen , we have something this kid can n'e buy , experience ! paula '' so hew come I work so much when I be a kid ? donna look at she with resignation . p.37 58 cout 's ( 2 ) ' 59 * the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 p.38 int . + theater - on stage 60 three male dancers and three female dancers in jeans , leotard , etc. , be be put through they pace by a choreographer and he assistant . a piano plays off to the side . the routine be rigorous and demand , the dancer all seem to be in they early twenty , some even young . backstage in the wing 61 Paula , now in she leotard , be warming up , do some bend . so be a half dozen other kid . denna , new in warm - up suit , come up behind Paula and tap she on the shoulder . donna Paula ? paula ( gasp ) what ? ( turn , see denna , sigh ) oh , God , you scared I . I thoughe lt be my turn . donna how do you feel ? paula so old . I see one girl before who go to Lucy 's school . the group on stage finish . assistant «+erobert delurie , Jamie fletcher , Paul kaiser , Cynthia robbin , donna Douglas and Paula mcfadden , on stage , please . donna think positive , paula mention it to my leg . they all walk on stage . assistant two rews , please . Girls in the front . the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.39 they make two row , girl in the front . in the 61 second row of the theater sit the director- chor - cont 'd eographer . his name be ronnie . ( 2 ) ronnie 's Paula ? be that you , Paula ? paula ( squint out front ) yes ? ronnie ronnie burn . paula oh. hi , ronnie . ronnie I think you give all of this up . paula I do . I just pick the wrong one to give it up for . ronnie you be keep in shape ? paula oh , listen . terrific . ronnie _ you wanna show I ? paula not unless I can take a write test . ronnie okay , Eddie . assistant just a few basic impossible step , kid , so pay attencion ... he show they 2 short routine . and then lead they into it . they all seem to pick it up quickly in - elude Paula . she just can not seem to keep up with the other . it go more quickly and more vigor - ously . they finish . Paula be exhaust . - assistant ( continue ) one second , please . he cross dam to stage apron . he consult with ronnie , nod . the Goodbye girl ' chgs. 12-15-76 , p.40 assistant ( continue ; 61 check he board ) cont 'd ... Robert delurie and Cynthia ( 3 ) robbin , please wait . the rest of you , thank you for come in . ronnie a little rusty , Paula , but not bad . my problem be , I need them very young . paula Young ? oh , okay ... l'll work on ic . she gasp breathlessly and walk off . int . + off broadway theater - lower east side - day 62 it be a tiny , two hundred and fifty seat theater . actually , it be the basement of a church . on stage , a group of actor sit in a semi-circle face a table behind which sit the director . they all have paper back copy of they script . " Richard ili " . the director , MARK bodine , be in he mid-thirty , unkempt , thick glass , very scholarly and genuinely obnoxious . if you be a actor , he be the last person you would want to work with . he know it all . elliot sit on the end , listen intently . we pick up the session mid-way . MARK .. now then , what about Richard ?... the question be , and this may seem perfunctory , be Richard actually deform ? historically , we know ' that he be bear with a severe curv - ature of the spine , give the im - pression that he be hunch back . there be some paralysis of the leave hand and right Foot ... olivier choose right hand and leave foot , God only know why .. , and nerve damage to the right cheek and eyelid ... I mean , the man be you basic gimp , let 's face it . which bring we , bless the wise and rich Mrs. estelle morganweiss , to this pro - duction . be that how we want to play Richard ?... if you do , this director would prefer to do a six week scint on the sonny and cher show ... Richard the third be a flame homosexual ... so be ( continue ) the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 . p.4l MARK ( cont would ) - 62 Shakespeare for that matter , but that cont 'd angry crowd at the Globe theater be ( 2 ) not go to put down two shilling to see a bunch of pansy jump around the stage . no , kid , it be society that crippled Richard and not childbirth . I mean read you text . he send that two cute young boy up to the tower and no one ever see they again . we know why , do not we ?... what I want to do be strip Richard bare -- metaphorically . let 's get rid of the hump . let 's get rid of the twisted extremity and show he as he would be today ... tae Queen who want to be King ! . the company all look at each other , mumble . elliot seem the most concerned . he raise he hand . MARK ( continue ) yes ? elliot question ... be you serious ? MARK what 's you objection , elliot ? elliot well , number one , I have to play it . number two , I like the hump and the club foot . and number three , I have be work on it for three month . MARK ah ! well , I respect that ... that 's why we be here , to exchange idea ... tell I , how do you see Richard ? - Mr. macho , be that it ? p.d2 elliot 62 I do not think he should be a middle cont 'd line backer for the Chicago bear , ( 3 ) but let 's not toss away one of he prime motivation . ° MARK what 's that ? elliot re want to hump Lady Anne . MARK ( smirk ) -+- I have hear that before !... 2 do not want to press dbut let 's just try it my way ... why do not we read through the first act ?... pleasel ... trust I . elliot ( sigh ) '' ++ how far off the diving board do you want I to go ? MARK well , do not give I bette midler but let 's not be afraid to be bold . elliot ( neds ) bold . they open they book . stage manager Act one , scene one , enter Richard , Duke of gloucester . all eve turn towards elliot . he feel the pressure . he try to prepare , he cough , he squirm , then he plunge in ... . elliot - ~ now be --~~--now---- now be ... now be --- ---- can we take a five minute break ? he throw he book up in the air and sink in he seat . int . paula' bedroom - night 63 Paula and Lucy in pajamas . Paula be lie flat on the floor , Lucy sit on Paula 's ankle , eat a apple and study from a french book . Paula be struggle with sit up exercise . the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.43 paula 63 «.. thirty-seven ... thirty -eight ... cont 'd thirty -nine ... fo --forty ... ( 2 ) she collapse on she back , wind . paula ( continue ) that 's all . I can not deo anymore . Lucy sixty . you say sixty . paula ( gasp ) the muscle be go . I can not dance . it be a dumb idea . I be gonna put you up for adoption ... get I a coke . Lucy uh-uh . fatten . paula get I the coke , sweetheart . mother do not want to beat the crap out of you . front door 64 it open . elliot enter . a young , attractive girl behind he . we see she at the first read of the play . he smile and curtsy . elliot enter , sweet Anne . the girl , rhonda , enter , look around . rhonda . you live alone ? elliot ( close door ) yes . fortunately the other people who live here alsa live alone ... let I have you coat . he take off she coat . good figure . 65 out the Goodbye girl chgs. 2-16-77 plg4 int . kitchen 66 she be in kitchen . she open refrig and take out two coke . elliot enter . Lucy turn and look nat he , then at the attractive girl behind he . elliot hi , Lucy , this be Rhonda . Rhonda , Lucy . Lucy , Rhonda , Rhonda -lucy ! he take two apple from refrig . Lucy hi. rhonda hello . elliot grab two glass . elliot whatcha doin ' ? Lucy ( still look at Rhonda ) sitting on my mother . elliot sound like fun ... try to keep it down . Rhonda and I will be work in my bedroom . rhonda ( smile ) goodnight . Lucy goodnight . elliot steer Rhonda into he bedroom and close the door . Lucy stare after they . Lucy ( continue ) ee - ze will betl int . - bathroom 67 Paula be in the tub take a bath . a towel wrap around she head to protect she hair . the door open and Lucy enter with the coke . paula ; . I be in here , I hear voice . be that he ? the Goodbye girl chgs. 2-16-77 Lucy uh-huh . he take two apple . she hand Paula a coke , then pick up she french book , and sit on the clothes hagper . paula do you write it down ? Lucy I do not have a pencil . paula I tell you , write everything down . if he take a glass of water , write it down . this be not a hotel . Lucy vee - why do not you like he ? paula . who invite he ? that 's why I do not like he . | Lucy if he be a lawyer or a doctor in - stead of a actor would you like he ? paula I would not like he if I like he ... he grate on I ... Lucy I think he 's kinda cute ... he remind I of a dog that nobody want . . : paula you be never to think he 's cute ... never !... what would he take two apple for ? Lucy ( into she book ) one for he , one for she . Paula turn she head . paula what she ? Lucy he 's get a girl in there . p.45 67 cont 'd * ( 2 ) the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 paula ( get out of the tub ) - in_my house ?... he 's get a girl in_the bedroom ?? why do not you say something ? Lucy . I be sorry . you want I to write girl down too ? Paula grab she robe and storm out . door to elliot bedrcom Paula 's fist bang on the door . the door open . elliot stand there , coke in he hand . sehind hin , sit on he bed , be Rhonda . elliot you knock ? paula can I speak to you in private ? - elliot gee , it 's a bad time . how about at breakfast ? paula ts that a girl in there ? elliot ( turn and look back to Rhonda ) . Jesus , I hope so . paula ( softly ) not in my house . I will not put - up with this sort of thing . elliot I do not understand . you have a girl in you room and I do not object . ( he turn to Rhonda ) Rhonda , this be miss mcfadden . Mac life just down the bedroom a piece ... miss mcfadden , this be Rhonda fontana , a gift and rise young actress ... do not rise ! rhonda ( from the bed ) hi. p.46 67 cont 'd { 3 ) 68 the Goodbye girl chgs. 2-16-77 paula hello. ( to elliot ) ; can we talk ? this be serious . elliot sure . Rhonda , take a break . elliot nod , smile at Rhonda , then step out into the hall , close the decor behind he . paula out ! . elliot out ? paula her -- outl !... they have motel for that sort of activity ... I have a impressionable ten-year~old daughter in there and this be not one of the impression I want she pick un ... now you get that rise young actress the hell out of there ! elliot as . out of where ? out of my rent apartment that you be stay in cut of the kindness of my heart ? I will bring home anyone or anything I choose , include a one - eye esiscopalian kang ~ - aroo , if that be my kinky inclination ... as to what 's go on in there , we hap - pen to be rehearse Act one , scene four from Richard the third ... it have a cretin from Mars direct this play and I need all the extra work I can get ... but how - ever , if I choose to attempt to have carnal knowledge of that gorgeous bod , that will be my problem , she option and none of you beeswax ! ( he start back to door ) - " and , just for the record , what be little luéy 's impression of what be go on in momma 's bedroom with tony " love ‘em and and leave ‘em ! 's deforrest ?... tura out the light , willya . we be run up a hell of a bill . he turn end go back into he room , close door behind he . the tear start to come into Paula 's eye ... p47 68 cont 'd ( 2 ) the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 . p.48 int . - bedroom hallway - night 69 Lucy open the bedroom door . Paula go into the kitchen and purposefully clatter door and dish as she get milk and cookie . + lucy you okay ? paula I be fine . go to sleep . Lucy ..- be you upset because they be mess around in there ? paula they be not mess around ... they be do Act one , scene four from Richard the third ... do it ever bother you about tony and I ?... I mean not be marry and live together . Lucy no ... paula I want to get marry , you know . but he could not gec a divorce . lucy that 's okay . paula I just want to know how you feel ... ( she pat Lucy ) goodnight , angel . Lucy - " night . and suddenly we hear the guitar play in the next bedroom . softly and romancically . the Goodbye girl chgs. 3-23-77 p.4g lucy ( continue ) 69 be that song from Richard the third ? a 2 ) int . dance CLASS - day , : 70 | Paula be back at the grind try desperately to get into shape . donna Douglas be next to she . the instructor be merciless today both on the professional and the amateur . finally , a break , they fall on back , exhaust . paula oh , please God , let I be hit by a rich man in a roll -royce . . donna I think I can swing it . paula thank you . donna no , I be serious . ( speak softly ) I mean it 's funny you should say that . paula what would I say ? donna there 's a outside chance I can get we both a job at the Auto show at the coliseum . it 's only two week work buc the money 's not bad , paula any money 's not bad . what do we ave to do ? - donna just look pretty , point to the car * and say they be terrific . paula I can do that . JI can point and say , " terrific " , * donna this friend of mine will let I know this weekend . just keep it quiet . * be the gogdbye girl chgs. 3-23-77 paula what a nice person you be . you do not have to tell I . donna well , I feel kinda related . I live with Bobby all last year . paula who ? donna Bobby kulik . you ex-husband . paula oh ! I be sorry ... the marriage slip my mind . int . off broadway theater - day a rehearsal of Richard the third be in progress ... the actor be up on they foot , block . Rhonda , as Lady Anne , be address two coffin bearer ... lady anne ... 1£ ever he have wife , let she be make more miserable by the death of he than I be make by my young Lord and thee ! come , now towards chertsey with you holy load . taken from Paul 's to be interred there , and still , as you be weary of the weight , rest you , while I lament King Henry 's corse ... elliot , as Richard , enter , without hump and deformity ...- but he be as gay as a day in May . elliot stay , you that bear the corse , and set it down . lady anne what black magician conjure up this fiend to stop devote charitable deed ? p.50 70 cont 'd ( 2 ) 71 the Goodbye girl chgs . 1-31-77 p.s2 elliot 71 villain , set down the corse ; or by cont 's a Saint Paul , I 'll make a corse of ( 2 ) he that disobey . 's first gentleman my Lord , stand back , and let the coffin pass . elliot . unmanner dog ! stand thou , when I command . Advance thy halberd higher than my breast , or by sainc Paul , I will strike thee to my foot ... ( withouc change character , he say ) my careereth be over . I be make a horseth asseth of myselfeth . lady anne huh ? . elliot ( turn to director ) - Mark , IL beg you . if you want this kind of performance , let mar play Lady Anne . ext , - wooster STREET theatre - day fia we the director put he arm around ellior , . MARK ».- you be unhappy , elliot ? elliot unhappy ? no , not unhappy . freakin 's petrify . the critic will crucify . I and the Gay Liberation be gonna hang I from Shakespeare 's statue by my genital ... you gotta help I , Mark . MARK ( softly ) what do you want , elliot ? elliot lt want my hump back . I want my club foot . I want a little paralysis in my right hand . ic do not nave to be a lot . two stiff finger ... 1 need motivation , the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.52 MARK 71a I see ... you want to play it safe . cont'd you want to give we you standard , ( 2 ) conventional Richard . I can not argue with that , elliot . they have be do it that way for four hundred year . elliot . listen , what do I know ? I be lucky I get the part . I be from Chicago , we act differently out cthere ... we try to do the play as write . if that do not go down in New York , terrific . I respect you . you have do off - pbrosdway , , it have not . I 'a not a quitter . I will play Richard like Tatum o'neal if you want ... but do not let I look foolish out there . MARK and you feel foolish ? elliot I feel like a asshole . I pass ' foolish 's on Tuesday . MARK we have to trust each other , elliot . elliot I do . MARK I be never go to let you do it like that . elliot thank God ! MARK but you do see where I be head ? elliot I be try , Mark . MARK . Richard be gay , there 's no doubt about that . but let 's use that as the subtext . we will keep it but now we can put back the hump and the club foot . elliot and the twisted finger ? the Goodbye girl chgs . 2-16-77 p.53 MARK tia if you like they . or 3 elliot I love they . crazy about ‘em . MARK then use they , baby ... and then you will see what I be after ... try it my way , bubula , I will never let you go wrong . the director give elliot a reassure hug . int . - off -broadway theater 71b MARK ( continue ) .us Rhonda , take it from you last line before Richard 's entrance ... Rhonda go back to she original mark . lady anne . ..- Rest you , while I lament King Henry 's corse ... elliot re-enter as Richard , all hunch over , drag - ging he clubbed foot and he right hand hang dead at he side ... this , couple with he gay manner , preseat we a very weird Richard indeed . elliot stay , you that bear the corse , and set it down ... Lady Anne stare at he in amazement and confusion . a supermarket - day 72 Paula come down the aisle push a partially fill basket . come down the same aisle on the opposite side be ellicr , also with a few item in he basket . they both stop side - by-side look up at the shelf . elliot Excuse I , but have not we meet in we apartment ? paula please . I enjoy shopping . do not spoil this for I too . elliot relax ... we do not have to fight till we get home . he leok at he long list ) we need scap , darling . the Goodbye girl chgs . 2-16-77 p.54 paula 72 not in my bachroom , ay ? 2 ) she put other item in she basket . elliot . look , this be silly . # % f£ you buy what you need and I buy what I need , we could blow a lot of bread buy the same thing ... include bread ... why do not we have one shopping list and then split up the bill ? paula ( look at he ) on what item ? elliot food , kitchen and bathroom cleanser , everything except any male and feminine doo-dad . there , you go you way and I will go mine . paula , and we split everything ? elliot oo everything ... 1'1l pay my full on third share . paula one third ??! elliot I be not the one with a daughtcer . paula what 's the matter ? do not Lady Anne wash she hand the other night ? . elliot ( smile ) +e - Quick ! Quick ! I love a quick girl . , okay . down the middle . he start to taxe item out of she basket and put they in he . ext , - STREET - liquor store - day : 73 Paula and elliot head towards they house , each carry a bundle of grocery . they pess a liquor store ... elliot ( point to liquor store ) chianti ! can not have spaghetti marinara without a little vino . the Goodbye girl chgs . 1-11-77 p.55 paula ( continue walk ) 73 you can on my budget . a 2 elliot ( stop she ) please . I will blow for the booze . short of stature but not tight of pocket ... 1 will be right out . she wait there as elliot enter the store . she look at window display still carry she grocery bag and she shoulder strap purse . int , liouor store - day : 74 salesman can I help you ? elliot a bottle of you finest cheap chianti , please . through the window we see a car stop in , front of the gtore and a man get out , rush over and grab Paula 's shoulder bag ... she struggle with he ... elliot nor salesman see any of this . salesman I have a nice California Red for a dollar eighty . elliot nothing from Kansas ? ext . store - day 75 * elliot come out , grocery bag in one hand , paper bag ef chianti in the other . elliot ( smile ) okay . he look at Paula . she be flat up against the building , she grocery beg have fall to the ground , split open and spill all over . she seem : to be in shock . she be try to cry but no tear come out , mostly gasp for air . elliot what be it ? whec 's wrong ? the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.56 . paula 75 my bag ! they take my bag ! air " elliot who do ? paula ( point to car ) in the car . there be two of they . shot of car 76 speed down the block . back to scene 77 > paula one jump out and grab my bag . I have everything in it . elliot Jesus !... dirty bastard ! be not en 2 not you go to go after they ? elliot after 2 speed car ? paula ( furious ) thanks ! thanks a lot ! she bend down and start to pick up she spill grocery . elliot they could be armed ! what do you want I to do , fight it out with a can of .° tomato paste ? she grab can away from he . paula ( on hand and knee ) leave I alone . just leave I alone ! he lock at she angrily , mumble under he breath . ext . - 78th STREET 77h ten minute later ... Paula be struggle with she grocery , angrily and tearfully head for they house . elliot be a step behind she . . the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.57 elliot tia I still think you ought to go to the cont'd police and report it ... I could call ( 2 ) if you want . paula I wish you be that helpful while I be be rob . to elliot what do you want from I ? I be not a german shepherd ! she walk faster . he stare at she , fume . suddenly a car go by and she look at it ... paula . oh , my God ! it 's they ! it's they !! elliot who ? paula the one 's who take my bag ! ( she start to run ) stop they ! somebody stop they ! she take off after the car , struggle to hold on to she grocery . elliot look after she , incredulous . elliot what be this , Police woman ?? he suddenly take off after the car , which be head . down the block . elliot pass Paula , run at top speed . - elliot ( to Paula ) get out of my way !... I be gonna get a bullet right between my goddamn eye ! a car on the corner be stop at a red light , stop the progress of the thief 's car . elliot be able to catch up to they . two men.in the front seat , one in the back , elliot open the door of the front seat . elliot alright , give it to I . gimme she bag ! come on , goddamnit , I be not afraid of you guy , get out of the car ! move ! Driver look at elliot , then at he friend . amuse . driver okay . we surrender . the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.s7a 2 nd man tta piss off , piss head ! ayr 'e driver ( to man in back ) grab he , Cookie . let 's cake he . the man in the back start to open he door . elliorc back off . elliot alright , do not get excited . I be just ask . I be just ask ! the car drive off leave elliot stand alone in the street . a number of kid , who have be watch , look at elliot with amusement . elliot ( cont would ) ..» freaking humiliate ! back to Paula . she be on the ground again , she bag have split open . she be pick up she article once more . paula ( start to ery ) I have all my money in there ... every ~ thing ! my last dollar in the world . +«- you and you goddamn chianti ... elliot what 's chianti get to do with ict !.. you could at least thank I for risk - ing my life for you . he get down and start to help she pick up thing ... paula do you get my bag back ? no ! so why should I thank you ? why do T have such lousy luck every time - a actor come into my life ... I hate all of you !.. he lean over to pick up a can she be reach for . she push he away . paula ( cont would ) get away from I ! get away ! she grab what she can in she arm and start down the block . he start after she . the Goodbye girl chgs. 2-16-77 p.58 . . elliot tia I really do not think they rab she cont 'd «* because I be a actor ! &) int , kitchen - night 73 the three of they be seat around the cable . Lucy be eat she spaghecti voraciously . ellior be drink he wine and Paula , deep in dejectad think , sit back twirling 4 fork into she cold uneaten food . two candle burn on the table , elliot be talk animatedly to Lucy . elliot -.- then after I get out of Northwestern , I get my first summer job in Lake michi - gan . ten play in ten week . worked like a dog . 1 have hepatitis and the mump and never know it . IL think I be just get yellow and far . lucy which play ? elliot ~ well , let 's see ... first play be " inherit the wind ' ... I play the reporter . lucy gene Kelly do it in the movie . elliot check ! .. Nice job but maybe didna'e dig as deep as I do , who know ? then I do " cyrano ... Lucy Jose ferrer ... I see it last week on Channel nine . elliot I use half the nose and get twice the laugh . Te 's style that count , not the make-up . lucy Boy , you do not think much of yourself , do you ? p.59 elliot . 78 pound for pound , I get the biggest cont 'd ego this side of St. Louis . in this ( 2 ) business , you better believe in you - self ... otherwise they * 1ll chop you up and serve you for a onion dip ... what else ? ) I be a dise jockey for a year . no good . you gotta see my face to appreciate the work ... then I teach drama at duluth junior College for one semester . lucy you teach drama ? Far out ! elliot very far out . near Canada . T have twelve student and I flunk seven ef they . I have very high standard ... needless to say , they can I . he have keep glance at the silant Paula all during he conversation , he pick up the wine bottle and offer it to she . elliot ( continue ; to '' Paula ) a little more wine ? she just stare into she plate . elliot ( continue ) nienti on the chianti . Lucy hey , that 's good . you be terrific with word . you always . pick the right one . elliot word be the canvas of the actor , his lip be he brushes and he tongue , the color of the spectrum . and when he speak , he paint portrait ... lucy classy !... you be very classy , elliot ( to Paula ) the kid 's get a good eye . p.60 Lucy 78 not like tony ... he be not a classy cont 'p actor ... he be just -- you know -- ( 3 ) sexy . : elliot and you do not find I sexy ? lucy ( laugh ) be you kid ?... elliot what do you know ? you be ten year old . in three year , I will drive you out of you bird . Paula throw down she napkin and get up . paula okay , it 's after nine . do you home - work . she pick up some dish and head for the sink . Lucy five more minute . ( to elliot ) talk more ... we never have good talk like this at dinner . elliot then I do " midsummer night 's dream " on public television in Chicago ... 1 do the part mickey rooney do in the movie . ( point to she ) lucy puck ! - elliot right on !... then I get a call from this lady producer in New York who see it and ask I to come and do Richard the third off Broadway ... well , off-off-off-off ! | , Lucy be we invite . to the open ? elliot you really wanna come ?. , . both of you ?... Tuesday night . paula ( at the sink ) Tuesday 's a school night . p.6l lucy ( to Paula ) 78 we wenc to tonv 's open on a cont 'd school night . ( 4 ) paula T say , " no " . Lucy ah , shit -- shoot ! sorry ! Paula glare at she . lucy ( continue ; to elliot ) ichink I be in trouble . g'night . she get up , put she dish in the sink and head for she bedroom . there be a long silence in the kitchen . . paula .. would you be interested in my bedroom ? elliot lock around . elliot «se be you talk to I ? paula you can have the big bedroom for a extra fifty dollar a month . payable right now in cash . we will move into yours in the morning . elliot you mean a rent increase fer get what I should have get what I do a't get in the firse place ? ne , thank you . . 1 paula '' ++ would you be interested in lend I fifty dollar ? I will either pay you seven and a half per cent interest or do you laundry . take you pick . . elliot they really clean you out , heh ? paula everyone from here to Italy . ul p.62 elliot ( take bill out 73 of he pocket ) cont 's I have twenty - eight dollar and change ... ( 5 ) i'll splic it withswyou ... and start with open night , I get two hundred and forty dellar a week ... I will make you a offer ... L will pay all the live expense until you get yourself a job ... and I will do my own laundry ... paula ( suspicious ) I see ... and what do you get ? elliot ( lock at she ) +. all you bave to do be -- be nice to not ! paula you go to hell ! furiously , she throw down the scrubbing brush and storm out of the room into the : int . - live room 79 to get away from he . he follow she in . elliot «-. wquld you listen very , very care - fully because this may be the last time I be ever talk to you ... not every - body in this world be after you magnificent bedy , lady . in the firse place , it be not so magnificent . Fair , maybe , but it do not keep I up night . ido not even find you that pretty . maybe if you smile once in a while , who know ? but iwould not want you to do anything against you religion ... and you be not the only one in this city who get dumped on . I , myself , be a recent dumpee ... I be a dedicated actor , dedicated to my art and my eraft ... i1 value what I do ... and because of a mentally arthritic director , I be play the second great English speak role in history like a double order of fresh California fruit salad !... when I say be nice to I , I mean nice ! ( continue ) the Goodbye girl chgs . 2-16-77 p.63 elliot ( cont would ) 79 decent ! Fair !... I deserve it because cont'd I be a nice , decent , fair person ... ( 2 ) I do not want to jump on you bone ... I do not t even want to see you when I get up in the morning ... 8 you i'll tell you what I do like about you ... Lucy !... Lucy be you best part ... Lucy be worth put up with vou for ... ( he slap money down on table ) there 's fourteen dollar for the care and feed of that terrific child ... you get zippity doo dah ... you need money * Tor yourself , borrow from Lucy ... okay ?.. , I be now go inside to meditate away my hostility towards you . but personally , I do not think it can be do ... and he storm out , into he room , slamm door behind he and leave a very perplex Paula . ext . - school - day 80 a public school on the west side . late afternoon . kid be come out ... Lucy emerge with book . a cab pull up in front of the school . Paula stick she head out . she seem to be in high spirir . paula Lucy !... Lucy ! Lucy turn and see she . she excuse herself from she friend and cross to cab . paula ( continue ) we . get in ! lucy what be you do in a taxi ? paula will you get in ? she open door and practically pull Lucy in . Paula be beam . the cab idle . paula ( continue ) '' name something you want ! p.64 Lucy 80 what ? cont 'd ( 2 ) paula a dress . a coat . earring , bracelet , whatever . you name it . Lucy you mean I get one wish ? paula and do n'c take all day . the cab driver 's gonna get half you wish . Lucy ( think ) ubh , ..uhh ... the biggest chocolate dessert at serendipity 's . paula that 's it ?... you blow leather boot . for that ? int . - serendipity be - day al the back room . stain glass color ceiling . in fromt of Lucy be a huge chocolate and whipped cream mountain . Paula have a small bottle of white wine in front of she . : lucy ( dig in ) so what kind of a show be it ?... 4 musical ? > paula it 's not a show show . it 's a auto show ... they show off they new car . and I stand on this slow move turn - table with this cute little sport . oar ...oh , and I get to wear this really all - american outfit , blue blazer , white skirt and a red blouse ... Lucy what kind of car ? paula a subaru . it 's a japanese . Lucy sa why do you dress all - american ? she take the Goodbye girk ches . '' ee p.65 paula 81 because I do not look good in all - cont'd japanese . .. anyway , I stand there and ( 2 ) I say ... where 's that sheet ? a sheet out of she pocketbook and read ... paula ( cont would ) I say ... " with the seec - T engine , subaru model record a improvement of 19 , 5 per cent in economy over they 1973 record , " lucy ( sarcastic ) sound like a exciting show . paula four hundred dollar a week for two week sound plenty exciting ... especially to the checkouc girl at food Fair ... Lucy veel do not feel too good . paula really ?... maybe you should not eat any more . lucy that 's what I say after the first one . paula I be sorry . I just want to treat you to something special . it 's be so long ... lucy ( hold stomach ) weel should have pick the boat . int . - bedroom door of elliot be room - day 82 Paula 's hand knock on door . it open . elliot in jeans and sweater , Richard III seript in hand , llook - ing very dishevel and uptight . he snap at Paula . elliot what be it ? paula 4 m I disturbing you ? p.66 elliot 82 yes . cont 'd ( 2 ) Paula I be sorry . 's elllot then do not disturb I . paula you do not have to snap be I . elliot that be not snap . that be sarcasm . snap be " bug off , I be busy ’... you see che difference ? paula what 's wrong ? elliot what 's wrong , she ask ?... you open tomorrow night in front of the New York critic wear a chartreuse hump on you back . you play Richard with a twisted paralytic hand and pink polish on you nail ... I be busy try to figure cut how to save ny goddamn career , that 's what 's wrong ! '' what do you want ?...0h , I know . I dip into you peanut butter . the alarm must have go off ... what do I owe you for one finger full of skippy chunky spread ? paula . I come to pay you back you fourteen dollar . ( she hand he bill ) . I get a job ... also I want to know if you have some bicarbonate . Lucy be sick . elliot what 's wrong with she ? paula she have two double chocolate sundae for dimner . it be my fault , I order then . the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.67 elliot ( glare at she ) 82 incredible !... I do not know why they cont 'd do not sell insurance policy to kid . ( 3 ) , he go into room , get he guitar and come out , . pass Paula . paula be that bicarbonate ? he storm past she and into Lucy 's bedroom . int . - bedroom - day / dusk : 83 Lucy be all bunched up in a fetal position and not very comfortable . she be moan . elliot come in and sit on the bed next to she . Paula follow he in . . elliot 's - how 's it feel , Lucy ? lucy do you see the " exorcist " ? . elliot yes . . lucy well , you would better get out of the room . elliot «+. just relax ... ( he try to straighten she out ) come on ... on you back ... she be : shiver and stiff . elliot ( continue ) do not you trust I ? Lucy I trust my mother today and look how I feel . elliot glare at Paula , then back to attend Lucy . elliot that 's it ... flat on you back ... ( as she do ) deep breath now ... slow , deep breath ... ( to Paula ) come here . Paula cross to bed . he motion for she to sit on other side of bed . she do . elliot ( continue ) watch this ! with the flat palm of he hand , he make gentle , soothing circle on Lucy 's stomach . elliot ( continue ) you think you can do that ? paula lmight be able to manage it . she make the gentle circle om Lucy 's stomach . elliot ( pick up he . guitar ) De not stop .. , eye close , Lucy ... deep breath ... he lean back on the bed and begin to softly play he guitar ... Paula , still rub , watch skepcically . Lucy moan softly . he keep play and we see Lucy start to relax ... her hand unclench ... , elliot ( continue ) how 's it feel ? lucy a little better . elliot be not this more soothing than some medicine ? lucy and it taste better too ... ( she eye begin to nod ) . ee. how 's the play go ? elliot please ! one sick person at a time . lucy ( get drowsy ) sure wish we could go to the open ... elliot look at Paula . p68 83 cont 'd @) p.69 lucy ( continue ) 83 «.. Mom ?... I mean you still owe I cont 'd one wish ... today be the pit . ( 3 ) paula ' sure ... anything you say . lucy terrific ... ( she be just about out ) now you have to get I a dress . , ( and she fall asleep ) Paula make a few more gentle circle , then stop rub . luey be sleep peacefully . eliioc continue to strum on the guitar . paula ( whisper ) thank you ... elliot doesn 'c look up a she . he continue play - ing . she turn she head away . the camera move in on she only . paula I be sorry about yesterday , that be very generous of you ... I be not use to the kindness of stranger ... T know , do not say it . " blanche dubois ! in " streetcar ... sometimes I feel just like she ... every time you start . co trust aman , they cake you away at the end of the movie , anyway , I be sorry for -- well , I be just | sorry ... 1£ you be listen , that 's my attempt to be nice , '' decent and fair ... how be I do ? the guitar stop . she turn and look at he . he be fast asleep . she cross exound to the other side of the bed , paula ( continue ) Mr. garfield ?... Mr. garfield ? ( she shake hin ) wake up ... you can not sleep with my daughter . but he body slide down and he head fall on the pillow , right next to Lucy ... they be sleep peac~ fully side by side . Paula look at they . the Goodbye girl chgs. l-18-77 paula ( continue ) +. - everybody but I ! int . - off broadway theatre most of the audience have take they seat . Lucy , in a new dress , and Paula , be seat . Lucy be thumbing through they program . the house light din . lucy I hope this be go to be funny , be it a comedy ? paula it 's Shakespeare . lucey u.sboooor-ing : the house light be out and a spot hit center stage . we discover elliot as Richard . all twisted and humped ... and in a gaudy chartreuse costume . he limp he way around the stage , manage to look very campy as he do . a " come hither ' grin cross he face . he look around the house and then begin in a most minty fashion ... elliot «.e' now be the winter of we discontent make glorious summer by this sun of York and all the cloud that lour would upon we house in the deep bosom of the ocean - bury . Lucy 's mouth drop open and Paula lower she eye . p.76 83 cont 'd ( 4 ) 84 out 85 the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.7l in the firse few cow , a few critics be take 85 note on a pad . some of they look at each other . cont'd there be unusual rustling among che people in the ( 2 ) audience . : elliot ( cont would ) now be we brow bound wich victorious wreath ; we bruise arm hang up for monument ; qur stern alarum change to merry meeting qur dreadful march to delightful measure . lucy ( whisper ) he sound like that guy in the beauty parlor . paula at least ! * dissolve to : ( the following sequence will be a montage . ) act III , scene V 854a enter lovell and ratcliff , with hastings ' head . Richard , in a even more bizarre costume . elliot be patient , they be friend , ratcliff and lovell . lovell here be the head of that ignoble _ traitor , the dangerous and unsuspected hastings . elliot so dear I lov would the man that I must weep I take he for the plainest harmless creature that preach 's a upon the earth a Christian , eta ... the man and woman 86 next to Lucy get up , try to get past the ouc- stretch feec of Lucy . the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.71a man 86 - Excuse I , please . @- lucy ( startle ) be it over ? man it be for I . they exit . dissolve to : act iv , scene iv 864 duchess if so , then be noc tongue - tie , go with I and in the breath of bitter wind let 's smother my damned son that thy cwo sweet son smother . the trumpet sound 's be copious in exclaim . enter King Richard and he train , march , with drum and trumpet . cut to : Lucy 86 B who be struggle to keep she eye open . neither the drum nor trumpet seem to jar she . Paula have a daze lock on she face when ellioc enter as Richard . . elliot «.»- who intercept I in my expedition ? dissolve to : act V , scene V 86c on the field of batcle , .. corpse be strewn on the stage . Soldiers be battle . the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 p.7l3 catesby 86c the King enact more wonder than _ cont be aman , ( 2 ) daring a opposite to every danger . about a third of the audience 86d have leave . Paula look ac she watch . paula I hope you do you homework . Lucy I can not even remember . back to the play : cate by ( cont would ) rescue , fair Lord , or else che day be lose . . enter King Richard , he uniform in rag . but very pretty rag . elliot a horse ! a horse ! my kingdom for a horse ! CUT to : a man , 86e ' possibly a critic , in the audience . critic ( to companion ) that 's what i'd giva for a taxi . dissolve to : on stage , 87 the cast have take its final bow . elliot be the last to bow . the applause be cursory . Paula ap - plaud politely , Lucy vigorously . they get up with the rest of the audience , the Goodbye girl chgs . 12~15-76 p.71c lucy 87 weird city . cont 'd ( 1 ) paula shh. someone '' 1l hear you . lucy ' someone already say it ... can we go backstage and - say " hello ' ' ? the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.72 paula 87 I have a feel he would rather be cont 'd alone , ( 2 ) lucy 's he will know we thoug hc it be lousy l£ we do not go back . paula alright , but try to be tactful . Lucy whac 's tactful ? lk a paula backstage 83 t£ you can call it that . actually it be just some cubicle with sheet divide the dress room . actor and visitor milling about nat know quite how to react . Mark bodine be go through the crowd bubbling with enthusiasm . ha stop at a middle - aged woman . woman ( unenthusiastically ) wonderful job , Mark . MARK ( big smile ) do you really love it ? I mean really , really love it ? woman ie be ... very interescing . oh , God ! - ( shout out ) she love it , everybody . my mother love it . he kiss she . then move through the crowd . he pass Paula and Lucy . he grab Paula and kiss er . MARK thank you ... we be all very excited . he rub Lucy 's head end move through the crowd . Lucy look at he as though he be very weird , Paula cake she hand and they cross to a sheet that have '' elliot garfield ' ' pin on ic . since she can not knock , Paula call ouc . p.73 paula 88 hello ? cont 'd : ( no answer ) ( 2 ) Mr. garfield ?... it 's Lucy and I . they wait a moment , then the sheet pull back . elliot , half he costume and make - up off , stare out at they . there be tear in he eye but . : he be fight they back . he look very defeat . paula we er. , .we just want to come back to tell you how much we enjoy it . he try to smile and nod back , but remain speech - less . lf he talk , he would cry . lucy I have the best time . ( he nod ) at first I think it would be - boring . but then it pick up near the end . . paula . okay , Lucy . be ( to elliot ) we will not keep you . we just want to thank you for the ticket and a lovely evening . Lucy people be talk about you on the way out . they want to remember you name so they will never forget ic . paula come on , Lucy ... goodnight . she pull Lucy away . he nod at they , still not able to speak . he close the sheet behind he . they start to walk away . lucy it 's not elliot 's fault . t's juse & lousy play . int , paula' bedrocm - nicht 89 Paula and Lucy be fast asleep . the clock on the p.7g table say a quarter to three . we suddenly hear a 89 crash of glass from inside . Paula sit up like a cont ' bole . Lucy stir and look up . ( 2 ) Lucy what be that ? paula I do not know . we hear another crash . this time it sound like furniture be knock over . Paula get out of bed , quickly puccing on she robe . she race to the door and out of the room . int , live room 90 the room be dark . the light suddenly go on . we see Paula at the switch . cur to : the floor ol elliot be sprawle aver a turn - over chair . a vase be break . elliot be quite cheerful . that 's because elliot be quite drunk . elliot thou have brokenst thy vase ... thou owe thee twelve ninety - five plus taxeth . paula be you all right ? ' elliot not accord to the Times ... have you tead the Times ? paula you want some coffee ? he take the Times out of he pocker . elliot the Times say " elliot garfield be - searched Richard the third and dis - cover he be England 's first badly dress intericr decorator " .. , p.75 this send he into gale of laughter . 91 cont 'p elliot ( continue ) ( 2 ) oh , Jesus ... that 's tasty write . Paula turn the chair upright tnd begin to pick up the piece of the break vase . elliot reach into he coat pocket and take out a can of beer . he open it and it spritzes over the room . elliot ( continue ) ye ( he drink ) paula I never pay attention to critic . sorr elliot good ... then you go on tomorrow night . this give he the giggle tao . elliot ( continue ) the naily dews -- the Daily News say and I quote , " it never occur to we that William Shakespeare write ' the wizard of Oz '. however , elliot garfield make a splendid ' wick witch of the North '' ... tacky . that 's a tacky review . if you be gonna kill I , do it with panache ... he get up and fall over another chair . paula I be sorry . elliot oh , what the hell ... it be just a silly little New York debuc ... Ames , - towa be where it really count ... if '' you do not make it in Ames , Iowa , you have career trouble . he head for he bedroom . she stand there look after he . he come back out . elliot ( continue ) . ++- Channel five be honest . direct and honest ... they say ' ' Richard the third stink !... and elliot garfield be the stinkee ! " the Goodbye girl chgs . 2-16-77 p.76 he go back into he room , we hear a thud and a 9l groan . Paula rush into he room . cont 'd ( 3 ) elliot bedroom / : 92 elliot be sprawle out on the floor . elliot ... be I in bed ?... i£ I be in bed , I be not very comfortable . Paula help elliot to he foot . paula I think you do not put unhealthy thing into you body . elliot I do n'e . I put it into Richard 's . I be try to kill che son of a bitch . she help he to sit on the bed . paula please ! please go to sleep , this furniture be not mine . elliot do you think I be discourage ? De - feate ? do you think I be gonna get upset at fourteen unimporcant negative review ... you bet you ass I be , baby . woops. sorry . this apartment be pg , I keep forget . he get up and trip against the wall . Paula start to pick up the breakable icem in a effort to protect they . he start out the door . - * _ paula you be wonderrtul tonight , really . int . live room . 93 elliot ( head for the live room ) what do you mean I be wonderful ? twas a elizabethan fruie €ly !... ( continue ) p.7 elliot ( cone would ) 93 the Betty boop of stratford-on-davoni ... cont'd i.was putrid !... capiral p , capital U , ( 2 ) capital trid putrid !... well , be not I ? heh ? heh ? paula it be a interesting interpretation , elliot it be bullshit !... you do not see they face when I walk out on stage ... two hundred and ten people all give a shot of novocaine ... I want the truth ... ( he pick up a vase and hold it over he head ) tell I the truth or I will smash this priceless nine dollar vase to piece . be I putrid or not ??? say it !? ' paula ( terrify ) yes ! yes , you be putrid elliot ( hurt ) es well , you do not have to be that blunt about ict . paula . I be sorry . put it down , please ... he lower the vase and she take it away from he , elliot it mean , [ I think I have a good moment here and there ... walk on and walk - ing off ... in between be ka~ka ! he fall onto sofa . - paula you sure I can n'e¢ get you anything ? some of you health food or some - thing ? elliot do not walk out on I , once a night be enough . . paula I be here , I be listen . p.78 elliot 93 I really can play that part , you cont 'd know . I can play the hump eff cthac ( 3 ) guy ... I be better on the bus come from Chicago than I be on that stage tonight .... ' ( legitimately ) e+..' now be the winter of we discontanc make glorious summer by this sun of York and all the cloud that lour would upon we house in the deep bosom of the ocean bury ... " et cetera et cetera et cetera .... paula that be good .... i¢ 's wonderful , hon - estly . ' elliot thank you ... you be really not such a bad person , you know ... but that putrid remark really hurt . , . really get to I , you know . paula : I know . I be sorry . I do not know what come over I ... goodnight ..: she turn off the light . he be almost asleep . elliot do not tell Lucy what it say in the Times . paula I will not . . . elliot or the News . - paula - no. elliot or Channel two , four , five , Seven , nine and eleven . paula I will not ... elliot thank you ... no autograph , please , she look at he with some degree of affection , then turn . he be asleep on the sofa , , p.79 int , - paula' bedroom - night 94 Paula come back into the recom and take off she robe and get into bed ... and suddenly she burst into tear , into the pillow . Lucy turn and look at she . lucy what 's wrong ? paula nothing . lucy «« - so why be you cry ? paula I do not ery today . do you mind ? lucy ( shrug ) no . she turn back over on she side . paula . eee Z do not think he be that bad ! int . + kitchen ~- next morning 95 Paula be braid Lucy 's hair while Lucy be eat cereal and read the New York Times cheatrical section . lucy 's - " one must always respect brave and courageous attempt to explore Shakespeare through new and dare concept , and even , if you will , irreverence '' -- what 's irreverence ? . paula you will find we . lucy ( continue read ) ee - " but elliot garfield and Mark bodine 's ' Richard the third 's give we less than a sumer stock ' charley 's aunt ' without the good - nature and inoffensive humor " ... ( put down paper ) do that mean he do not like it ? p.80 we hear elliot 0.s. 85 , '' cont'd elliot ( 0.s. ) . ( 2 ) the man have two month to live , he 's a cynic . cuut to ; elliot : 96 in the doorway . he have on the clothes he wear last night . he look dishevel and hang over . elliot which one of you scotch - tape my tongue to the roof of my mouth ? paula you want some coffee ? elliot not unless you have some bicarbonate . Paula smile at he . she get the coffee . he sit and bury he head in he hand . lucy ( cheerfully ) congratulation . elliot ( look at she ) for what ? lucy ( shrug ) -.. I do not know what elsa to say . he look at the Times and pull it away from she . to Paula : - elliot '' why do you let you child read pornography ? the phone ring . lucy ( to elliot ) you want some puffed rice or chocosnap ? elliot starve a cold , feed a failure , heh ? . - p.8l he muss Lucy 's hair . Paula have answer the phone . 96 cont 'd paula ( into phone ) ( 2 ) hello ?... who ?... yes , just a minute - ute , please . ( to elliot ) for you . elliot 's . I get the cover of Newsweek ? she hold out the phone . he take a spoonful of Lucy 's cereal , then cross to phone with he mouth full . Paula go back to braid Lucy 's hair . elliot ( continue ; into phone ) ».- yeah ?... hello , harve ... yeah ... yeah , I read ‘em ... mn-hmm ... mm-hom ... yeah , I understand ... good ... good ... okay . ( he hang up , - return to table ) there you go . the minute you think you world 's collapse , something wonderful happen . lucey what ? elliot they close the show . I do not have to do it anymore ... the american theatre be save . paula - I be sorry . elliot listen , everything work out . now et I be free to take that other job . lucy what other job ? elliot ( open to want ad section of Times ) I be look ! I be look ! paula Lucy , we be late . go get you sweater . Lucy cross to she bedroom door . '' . - pb2 * lucy 96 listen , do you know that Spencer cont'd Tracy get terrible review the ( 3 ) first time he be ever on Broadway ? elliot no , he do not . Lucy oh ... I think he do . she cross into bedroom . elliot ( to Paula ) you realize , of course , you daugh - ter have a crush on I . . paula I have notice . elliot how do you feel about that , Mom ? paula not to take away from you personal charm , she have one on tony tao . elliot they be fickle at ten . paula and at six ... she also have a big thing for she father . Lucy come out of the bedroom , put on she sweater . paula ( to Lucy ) wait for I downstairs . Lucy . why ? paula because I be the mother , that 's why . Lucy shrug and leave . Paula turn to elliot . paula «« . what be you plan ? elliot you mean my nediate plan ?... well , I think after breakfast , I mighe try a abort suicide attempt and then think about Welfare , the Goodbye girl chgs. 1-31-77 paula in other word , you be not go back to Chicago . elliot Chicago ? no. siberia , possibly . paula oe I mean , you room be pay for , it belong to you . elllot thank you .. , if I decide to leave , I 'll give you a address and you can ship it to I . paula if you stay , I could use sameone to help I out with Lucy ... I start work today and I will not be able to get back to make she dinner ... what I be say be ... elliot it accepc , . paula ( quickly ) good . she have dinner at six . there be pork chep in the freezer . have a nice day . she exit quickly . he look after she and smile , elliot cute !... definitely cute . ext . ~ 77th STREET & broadway - bus stop - day Lucy and Paula walk ... Lucy hold type - write sheet in she hand . Paula have she hand over she eye as she be try to memorize she speach . Lucy be correct she . but Lucy ever consult the page . she have it memorize . paula . 's - the seec - T be a lean burn ap ~ proach to engine combustion chant allow the engine co use less gas and more air in the combustion mix - ture . a special intaka ...er , a special intake -- wait , do not tell I ... p.83 96 cont 'd ( 4 ) will x * the Goodbye girl chgs. 2-16-77 p.84 Lucy 97 valve . cont 'd ' ( 2 ) paula I say do not tell I . , avalve intro - duce extra air into the cylinder . the effect be co package unburn ~- unburn -- do not tell I -- unburn -~ tell I . Lucy exhaust pollutent . paula damn ! you need a five year course * in a ofiental garage to know this . bus stop - day 97a they be queve up behind three other pecole . lucy L be notice you and elliot leok very good together . what ?? paula the other in line turn around . paula ( cont would ) when ? when do we look good together ? Lucy all the time . whenever you be together . ~ paula we be never together . and I be a ood inch and a quarter taller than eis , lucy I never notice it . maybe because . I be small and always look up . the Goodbye girl chgs. 1-31-77 int , - bus + 70 th STREET & broadway paula ( eye close ) ... " give good performance plus better mileage " . iz must be at least two year older than he be . lucy Men prefer woman of experience . it read it in cosmopolitan . paula '' Lucy , how would you like it if I take you and seymour stroock to a movie and dinner on Saturday night ? lucy seymour stroock ? I hate seymour stroock ! do not do that ! paula ( smile triumphantly ) then lay off I and elliot . here 's you stop . get out of my life . the bus stop . lucy ( get up ) I be get to the truth , right ? the shadow know ! she get off . paula ( shout ) atte you ! , .. I really really hate . ( people look at she . she look back at they ) well , I do . the bus pull away . she close she eye , try * go memorize ... paula ... " with less emission than a standard engine and without any additional -- without any additional " -- oh , Jesus , she take my papers with she ! p.8s 97b x the Goodbye girl chgs . - 31-77 she look cut the window as we see Lucy on she way to school . ext . - coliseum - day large crowd be go in and out of the coliseum ... at a hot dog stand , near the entrance , donna and Paula be busy munch a hot dog and coke . donna be dress in a all - green outfit , Paula in she blue blazer , white skirt and red blouse ... donna how be you do ? paula ( nod ) not bad ... consider I do not know what the hell I be talk about . . donna listen , there 's two cute Ferrari salesmen who would like to buy we some fettucine when we be through . you available ? paula oh , thanks , donna . maybe some other night . donna we only have eight more night leave . it 's not as though you have something better wait at home , right ? paula no , no ... maybe tomorrow , okay ?... it 's show-time ... she walk off leave a puzzle donna . 99 omitted 100 omitted int . ~ coliseum - auto show the show be in progress ... throng of people be move about , go from exhibic to exhibic ... various model be show demonstrate the virtue of they respective car ... at the subaru exhibit , a p.86 978 cont 'd ( 2 ) 98 99 100 lol the goodb e , if rh chges . -/7 p.864 100 we lol * cont 'd turntable , with car and Paula , slowly rotate ... ( 2 ) Paula have a hand -held mike and be describe the devs of the subaru to the small assemblage in front of she ... paula «+ the subaru engine get 39 mile per galion in highway drive and 29 in the city , a extraordinary performance ... the seec - T be a lean burn , approach cto engine combustion that allow the engine to use less gas and more air in the combustion mixture . a special intake valve introduce extra air into the cylinder ... in the crowd we suddenly see Lucy and elliot squeezing through ... paula ( cont would ) «+ the design eliminate the need for power and fuel-robdbing -- p.87 Paula spot they . Lucy wave she hand to Paula . 101 Paula look surprised and suddenly shake , oo paula ( cont would ) -- er , eliminate the need for power and fuel-robbing -- fuel - robbing -- elliot wink at she , which be completely unnerve . paula ( cont would ) -- thing !... the subaru give good performance plus better mileage with less emission than a -~ a standard engine and er -- without -- elliot turn to Lucy . elliot she 's up . elliot smile at Paula . paula ( try to take eye off elliot ) -- without any knock -- or noise -- or that terrible bang sound ... which , as you know , can be terribly bang . ( she be improvise ) as you can see. , , the subaru have two solid metal door ... one on each side ... of the subaru ... for easy get in and get out ... of the subaru . lucy she 's make ic all up . paula ( valiantly ) «.. the tire be very -- attractive , and be optional ... - elliot optional tire ? paula the seat ... front and rear ... be make of . , .of er... rich beautiful material often find in better car «»eand can be clean easily -- if you make they dirty . . CUT to two japanese subaru salesmen talk to a customer . when they hear Paula 's gibberish , they turn around to watch in amazement . the gocdbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p88 paula 101 «ee the front window be clearly cont 'd visible end design for maximum -- ( 3 ) visibilicy ... whether look to che right or lefc -~ or straight ahead ... elliot ( to Lucy ) »eeZ be beginning to chink my Richard be not so bad . paula ( sweat , buc still smile ) ... likewise the rear window be also design for easy visibility -- for look out the back . japanese salesman ( to , , other ) oi ding mushow ganza moo wush ! what che hell be she say ? " ) the other salesman nod in agreement . «.. the steering wheel be the most modern steering device devise ... for easy and safe steering , and the brake be -- highly brakable ... for quick all - weather stop ... the subaru be a truly remarkable economy car .. , and Consumers guide calis the subaru -- a truly remarkable econony car . , . thank you very much . she take off the mike and quickly gee off the turn - table , the angry japanese salesmen cross to she and berate she as she try to apologize ... she finally bow to they and then cross over to Lucy and elliot , very upset . . paula ( very angry ) thanks a loc !... I would have get ~ fire but they do not know the English word for it ... what be you do here ? elliot you come to see I act , can not I see you ?... very nice , , . qne constructive comment ?.. , Study ! learn you line ... then maybe next year you will be ready for bigger part ... like truck ! maybe tank ... paula ( to Lucy ) do you have dinner yet ? p.85 lucy lol no. cont 'd ( 4 ) paula no ?? ( to elliot ) it 's after seven . what be I pay you for ? elliot pay I ?.. ,. 0ne petrify pork chop and a stalk of aging brown celery do not constitute a pay - roll ... I come to leave Lucy with you . I be work tonight . lucy he get a job . elliot do not I just say that ? paula acting ? elliot I do not say that ... it 's in the en- tertainment field , that 's as much as I can tell you ... I will ba home about two , do n'e wait up ... you look terrific . I never know you have a figure . he walk away . paula he wear I out ! , .. that man wear I ouc . elliot stop at the bocth where the two japanese salesmen be talk . he point back to Paula . elliot . «» that girl impressed I very much with you car . I be in the taxi busi - ness , I be in the market for a en= tire new fleat next year . if you think you can handle it , I will be back the end . of the week ... you oughta hang on to that girl . he walk away , the salesmen beam happily , then smile and nod to Paula ... 2.90 a stripper on stage - int . club 102 a very " sleazy " skin club in the Village ... on stage , a black girl and a white girl , practically nude , be do a very erotic number together . ext . club - night . : 103 elliot be stand in front of the club in a old ' ever - large uniform . he be the doorman . two young men , mid-twenty come up to he . ist man hey , what kinda show they get in there ? elliot dirty ! very dirty ! filthy show ! next one start in ten minute . 2nd man like what do they do ? elliot they will not let I see it . it 's too dirty for the help . {he open the door ) you interested ? suddenly , a heavy redrhead woman in a man 's suit come out . she be the manager . she beckon to elliot . manager ( snap finger at he ) come onl Inside , quick ! elliot + what 's wrong ? manager we get a drunk on stage . a look of terror cross elliot 's face as he follow the manager in . int . club 1o4 on the smoke~filled stege , we see two smallish waiter try to restrain a huge drunk , . twice they size , : . ( continue ) from try to get at the two semi-nude girl huddle 104 in fear against the curtain . the drunk punch one cont 'd of the walter , who go sprawling across the stage ( 2 ) ana off of it . the customer , not know for they class , applaud in approval . manager ( to elliot ) get that creep out of here . elliot I ??... I be the doorman !... when he come out , I will open the door . manager you want to get pay or not ? elliot all right , all richt ! he start for the stage just as the powerful drunk gend the other waiter sprawling off the stage with another punch , .. elliot step up on the stage .... elliot ( cautiously , to drunk ) okay , take it easy ... easy , pal ... I be you friend ... you buddy , okay ? why do not you sit down so we can go on with the show ? drunk I just want a kiss . one little kiss , that 's all . elliot : it hardly know you . TI do not kiss on first date . the audience laugh , applaud ... elliot acknowledge they . elliot ( continue ) thank you , thank you ... ( to drunk ) they like we . drunk ( weave for elliot ) come here , you little twerp . I will bust you stupid face in . elliot ( back away , circle ) no , no . they do not want to see that . ( to audience ) . you don 's want to see a little twerp get punch out , do you folk ? audience ' applaud and whistle . 104 cont'd elliot ( continue ) ( 3 ) tough audience ! {to drunk ) listen , pal ... can I talk to you 4 minute ?... can we reason this out ? can we ? - what 's you name ? drunk earl. elliot Earl what ? . drunk Earl thist ! '' and he haul off and sock elliot clear off the stage ... elliot fall in a heap against the manager 's foot ... he rub he jaw ... the entire audience be up on they foot applaud and whistling . elliot manage a pain - ful smile . : elliot my first stand ovation ! int . paula' bathroom ~ night 105 Paula be cream she face . Lucy be lie in the bathtub in she pajamas , eat a banana . Lucy you know what Cynthia fein say ? paula who 's Cynthia fein ? - Lucy the girl in my class with the brace and the big chest ... elliot pick I up at school today and Cynthia fein say he 's get charisma .... I look it up and he do . paula all right , cut it out . Lucy cut what out ? paula stop try to make something between we . Lucy 105 ' I ?... Cynthia fein say --- 3 D paula Cynthia fein my behind !... stop push I . Lucy who 's push ? paula you be ... you fingerprint be all over my back .... he 's okay , all right ? »». once in awhile he even act like a regular human be ... but stop push - ing I because that man be not my type . she storm out of the bathroom . Lucy mumble some - thing under she breath . Paula come back in . paula I hear that .... what do you say ? Lucy t£ you hear it , why be you ask ? paula , ; . what do you say ? Lucy I say you type never hang around long enough to stay you type . Paula look at she , bring up short . paula ».. that be a rotten thing to say . lucy . I know . I just feel like say it . . paula Jesus !... sometimes I can get so god - damn furious with you . Paula turn on the faucet in the tub and exit . lucy ( jump up , wet ) hey ( ii ... what a stinky thing to dol the kitchen : log Paula walk in . she still have she white cream on she face . she go to cupboard and get a box of exracker when she notice refrigerator door open . paula ( angrily ) dammit ! she leave the refrigerator open ! I be gonna drow that kid ... lucylt ! she slam the door shut and start back to she room when she notice the door to elliot 's room be ajar . ris light be on and we can see he leg stretch out on the bed . she peer in . paula ( continue ) Mr. garfield ? be that you ?.... she look into he room . he be lie flat on the bed hold a piece of meat to he eye . paula ( continue ) I do not hear you come in ... what happen to you eye ? elliot : iouse it to stop a fist from go through my head . paula what kind of meat do you have on there ? elliot veal parmigieana ... it be either . that or potato salad ... I be out of work again . he take off meat revealing a very raw eye . _ paula let I put some ice on that . she cross out and inte the kitchen . he follow she and stand in door of kitchen . she open refrig and take out icetray . she take out some ice and put it in a dish towel . elliot you do not have to worry anymore . I have decide to let you stay as long as you want ... it 's my only hope for survival . she take she look she feel take off paula listen , something ' 11 turn up . elliot you think so ? . paula Lucy and Cynthia fein think you have charisma . elliot and what do you think I have get ? ( she loox at he , hand ~him the tewel and the ice iomean , do I chariz you at all ? paula put this on you eye . " elliot I be not talk about my talent . talent - wise I be very secure . tft 's appeal - wise I 'ma little shakey ... the truth , I can take it . be I as adorable as I think I be ? paula ( look at he and laugh ) you be outrageous !... I can not keep up with vour energy level ... they must pick you up on c.3. radio in Alaska ... a step to the side and he block the way . at he . elliot «.-¥ you get the feel something 's start between we ? paula I graduate from high school sixteen year ago and that be the last time I hear that line ... out of my way , please , I have to sell my little japanese car in the morning . elliot : be that why you have the kabuki makeup on ? hex face and suddenly realize she have not she white skin conditioner . paula oh , godl ... and you let I stand there . p95 106 cont 'd ( 2 ) canner sore : she rush to the sink , turn on the faucet and wash she face , scrubbing off the make -up . she only get half off . paula ( cont would ) towel !... can I have a paper towel , please ? she reach out with she eye close ... he move in and kiss she on the lip ... she be surprised , but do not fight it . in facet , she join in ... then she back away , take a deep breath . paula do not you ever do that again ! elliot ' you lip may say ' no no ' but there 's " yes yes ' in you eye . paula do not get cute with I ! elliot : you know you goddamn nose drive I crazy . paula what 's wrong with my nose ? elliot ie 's pug ! pug ! it shoot straight down then turn pug at the last minute - ute , ( he kiss she neck ) paula do not ....... elliot - . think we get ourselves a hot infa - - tuation here . paula i have no tima for romance . I have a daughter I be try to save from get ricket . elliot ( kiss she wet cheek ) I go bananas the first time I see you through the crack in the door . IL say . " that 's the best half a face T ever laid eye on 's ... p.96 106 cont 'd ( 3 ) the Goodbye girl chgs . 2-16-77 paula please do not make I laugh . I be not on you side , elllot ( always move closer ) I can smell you hair , when you walk by my door . I could be sleep , my nostril wake I up and say , " who that comin ' down de street ? " paula you be embarrassing I . I be 33 , I be not suppose to get embarrassed any - more . elliot if you be a Broadway musical , they would come out hum you face . ( he kiss she again ) paula . no ... please ... do not do that ... do not make I feel happy ... I hate that god - dam " it 's wonderful to be alive " feel - ing ... do not come into my life , I just get through put up all che fence . elliot can not I even see you to you door ? it 's a rough neighborho . paula elliot ---- elliot yes , call I elliot . I have already bitten you neck . paula elliot ... I be praying ... I pray to God this be all go in the morning . elliot the hell you do !... I will meet you in the kitchen tomorrow night . do not dress ! she break away and run into she bedroom , close the door . p97 106 cont 'd = ( 4 ) p.98 ext , coliseum - night 107 the light on the marquee turn off . Paula emerge from a side door ... donna suddenly come run out after she . donna Paula !... Paula ! ( Paula stop . donna come up to she ) where you run ? paula I want to see Lucy before she go to bed . donna I have a message for you ... the maserati people be throw a small - party upstairs at 21 . , . this guy Giorgio , the one who smell better than we -- he specifically ask for you ... " Da girl wiz de laugh tooth '' ... paula I can not . I have to get home . donna I do not understand . he 's gorgeous . he tell I to tell you he be . paula / gee , if it be any other time . ( and she be go ) donna ( to hersel£ ) what 's a better time than when you be still alive ? and she run off . int . hallway apartment house - night 108 Paula come bound up the last few step , breathless ... she run to the door , then stop . quickly take out a small hairbrush and quickly brushes she hair ... then take out key and open the door . int , apartment . 109 Paula rush into the apartment ... hanging from the ceiling right in the entranceway be a note , hang from a string . she read it . it say : '' see note pin on sleep child 's . int , bedroom 110 Paula open the door and walk in . Lucy be asleep in the bed . there be a note pin on she nightgown . Paula unpin it and read it . insert ~ note '' this be sleep child .. , kiss she goodnight and come up to roaf for private party . , . dress formal " . . she smile , lean over and kiss Lucy . ext . roof - night 111 the roof door open and Paula walk out , cautiously . it be extremely dark ... she lock around . paula elliot ?... elliot , be you here ? ... say something , I do not like this . suddenly we hear soft music play ... a match be strike and a candle be light ... she cross to it ... a wooden box have be set upright , with two of she kitcheh chair on either side . there be two glass on the box and a bottle of domestic champagne ... from behind she , we hear a voice , bogart - lixa : voice I say it be formal , kid ! she turn around and right behind she be elliot in a 1930 's tuxedo . she do not know whether to laugh or cry . elliot this party have to be over by 9 a.m. otherwise it 's another five buck for the suit . he take she in he arm , twirl she and dance with she . elliot ; do not panic ! even Ginger be nervous the first time she dance with I .. he start to hum " Dancing cheek to cheek " in she ear . tear come to she eye , elliot what be you cry about ? p.100 paula ( shrug ) lll kill I , I be a sucker for romance . cont 'd . 2 elliot elliot garfield be a many facete individual . he spin she around , then dance close ... into she ear , elliot I get a job ... a real job ... a real act job . paula ( excited ) you do ?... where ? elliot '' the inventory ' ' . a improvisational group on Charles Street . , . they see Richard the third and say if I ceuld do that , I could do anything . we hear thunder and see lightn in the distance . paula oh , no . do not let it rain . elliot do not worry about it . the suit be toe big for I anyway ... I audition for they this afternoon . improvis - ation , you understand , .. with this girl , Linda . very talented girl . paula be she pretty ? elliot no , no . Ugly . very unpugge nose ... I do abraham lincotn . Mary tedd be . out of town and General grant take I to a cat house in Virginia . I be try to be very dignify , you know . " now , now , young lady , do not pull the beard . I be the President " ... Paula suddenly throw she arm around he and give he . a long , hard kiss ... another clap of thunder and it suddenly begin to - pour on they ... paula do not stop . I never dance in the vain . the Goodbye girl chgs . 2-16-77 p.101 elliot lil the hell with the dance , my cont 'd pizza 's get drench . ( 3 ) int , step leading out to roof 112 they have move inside out of the rain . the door be ajar and we can see the rain on the roof ... the candle have be reset on the stair and light ... they be drink they champagne and eat they pizza . elliot ... you get the feel we be eat wet tennis shoe ? ( they eat ) «.. so what happen when you find out about this other girl and tony ? paula Bobby . tony come after bobby. ( shrug ) well , it happen all the time on the road . he 's go six month with a play and he get lonely . the only time you have a good marriage be when you husband be in a flop . he 's break but he 's home . elliot where would you meet tony ? paula a+. I be ashamed to tell you . elliot why ? paula . L see he in " iceman cometh " at - Circle - in - the Square . he be not very good but he be gorgeous . could u't take my eye off he . do not laugh -- I wait till he come out of the stage door and introduce myself ... like a regular groupie . a week later I move in with he . I use to do thing like thar . . why ? elliot v2 the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 . p.102 paula 112 when you dance in the chorus of a cont 'p musical , the boy usually have ( 2 ) higher voice than the girl . ten year of that and you get very hang up on macho man ... thank God I have get through that period . elliot I will let that remark pass . they look at each other . paula «.. be we go to sleep with each other tonight ? elliot of all the ' right up fronc ' girl I ever meet , you be right up front . + «ehow do you feel about it ? paula nervous !... a pushover , but nervous . they look at each other and suddenly start to giggle like a couple of kid . 113 out int . - bedroom hallway - dawn . 114 the door of elliot 's room open ... Paula come out wear she robe . she close he door quietly , then tiptoé down the hall to she room . int . - paula' bedroom 115 Lucy ds asleep . Light be just filter into the room . the door slowly open and Paula enter . she tiptoe across the room , and try to get into the bed noiselessly ... but Lucy stir and turn . lucy where be you ? : paula I could not sleep so I go inside to read . lucy what do you read ? paula '' the life of lincoln " ... what 's the difference ?... go back to sleep . they both turn over , lie back to back ... a few second pass and then -- lucy «.+- when do I move back to my old room ? Paula turn she head slightly and look over she shoulder at Lucy . the kitchen - day early the next morm ..- Lucy 1s unenthuslastically eat she breakfast . , . Paula be cooking bacon ... she glance over at Lucy epprehensively . she put the bacon in a dish then sit down next to Lucy and eat . or rather pick ac it . there be a air of tension this morning . elliot appear in the doorway . he be bright and chipper . elliot good morning , everybody !... please , no applause . . {he sit and start to nibble on some bacon ) and what 's new chis morning ? he suddenly realize no one be talk to he . he look at Paula who try to get the signal across to he thar Lucy be upset . elliot there be nothing new this morning ... okay ... - ( he bite into he bacon ) they say this kid lindbergh be gonna try to fly the Atlantic . ( no response ...to Lucy ) James Stewart 's gonna try ic in the movie . ( not response ) p.103 115 cont 'd ( 2 ) 116 wo - paula she do not sleep too well last night . lucy I guess no one do ... ( shé get up ) see you tonight . ( pick up she book ) and she be go . the door close behind she . elliot look at Paula . elliot . we have be find out , have we ? funny , I think the kid be reoting for we . > paula do not call she ' kid ' . she do not like to be call ' kid 's . elliot obh ?... sorry ... in Chicago it 's a expression of endearment ... lika " hya , kid " , ... " how 's it goin’ , kid ?... ( more seriously ) what 's wrong , kid ? paula nothing . elliot glad to hear it ... any butter toast ? paula she 's scared , that 's all . elliot Lucy ? - paula - she 's afraid what happen before be go to happen again . elliot what be you two , partner ? I think it be just you and I last night . paula what happen to my life affect hers ... and I be scared too ... listen , would you be terribly hurt if we just forget all about last night ? p.104 116 cont 'd ( 2 ) p.1los elliot 116 it 's too late . I have already make cont 'd the entry in my diary ... ( 3 ) she go to sink and start to wash the dish ... paula look at I . I be stand here with sweaty palm and I have my hand in cold water ... I do not know what you be think this morning , what 's on you mind . instead of ask I so many goddamn question you can at least say tome , " last night be wonderful " , elliot last night be wonderful . paula instead of worry about you lousy breakfast and you butter toast , you can look at I and say , " I be erazy about you " . elliot I be crazy about you . paula : oh , it 's easy enough to say after I have tell you to say it ... why could not you touch I ? hold my hand , stroke my hair , let I know that there be some really nice feel that exist between the two of we ? he start to get up towards she , she back away . paula forget it . it 's too late . not if I have to think of everything for you . - «.. oh , my God , I must be crazy , crazy !! I keep do the same damn thing to my - self over and over again . when be T ever go to learn ?... listen , I be really not up to fall in love again . ie 's too much work . I think we would all be a lot better off if you pack you thing up and leave ... nothing personal . he stare at she for along time . elliot nas now I know why they all lefe !!! e get op ) cracker ! Animal cracker , Lady !... ( continue ) p,106 elliot ( cont would ) 116 you have a severe case of emotional cont 'd re-tar-dation ! ( 4 ) che start " for he door ) iam not leave , I be escape !. , . lg any mail come for 'my , keep itt I be not give you any forward address : he go into he room , slam the door hard behind he . Paula start to cry ... the door open a moment later and elliot stand there hold he empty suitcase in he hand . elliot -. but -- in pass , I would just like co say last night be ter-rif - - fie ! «.. the Super bowl of romance !... I give it a fat nine on a scale of ten . you get one off for burping you wine , but all in all , 2 a very respectable score . paula ( furious ) do not you get glib about last night . it be important to I . elliot could you , lower you neurosis a minute , please , I be not finish . .. do not ever tell I when to get affectionate . I touch when I want to touch . L fondle when L want to fondle . I be plan to touch you all during my egg and fondle you right through my - coffee , . , however , there be no touch - ing during my toast . toast I have alone ... you want to know what you problem be ? you love to love seme - body but the minute they take the initiative like I do last night , it scare the pants off you -- nothing off -color intend . you didn t wait 's outside any stage door for I ! t approach first . I touch first ... and you can not handle that , can you ? . paula that be laughable . . and silly . - ang you be a silly man . you be the 's silliest man I ever meet . p.107 elliot 116 you know I be right . and you know cont 'd yourself too well co ignore what I be ( 5 ) say . you know what we get here ? ' taming of the shrew ' be what we get here ... despite the fact , kate , that you be a large pain in the arse , last night be the best thing that ever happen to I , girl - wise , and 1 £ you be not behave like such a horse rectum this morning , we could have be touch and fondle right up till five o'clock when I have to go to rehearsal ... personally , madan , I think you blow it . and he go back into he room ... Paula stand there a moment ... she think a moment ... then cross to he door . she open it . we can not see much into the room ... she look at the unseen elliot . paula 's . do not put the suitcase on the bed ! she walk into the room , close the door behind she . ext . school - day | 117 the school be get out , Lucy come out with a girl friend , Cynthia fein . they start to walk down the block ... a open hansom cab and horse trot slowly alongside . elliot lean out of the cab , a girl driver be up front . elliot ( English ) Lady Anne ? the Black Prince be dead . England be yours ! {she look at hin queerly . - he drop he british accent ) do not you want England ? Spain maybe ? Spain I can get you cheap . lucy ~ what be you do in that thing ? elliot get in quick , the horse have a meter on he . Lucy where to ? a '' the Goodbye girl chgs. 1-31-77 elliot we be go home ... to tara ! ( hum the theme from ' ' go with the wind 's ) «- . will you get in . Lucy get in . the other girl watch . she smile at he . he smile back at she . elliot ( to girl ) Cynthia fein , right ? ( she nod and giggle ) listen , I think you have charisma too . cynthia ( to Lucy ) do you tell he ? I never say chat . ( the cab pull away ) wait 'll I gee you , Lucy . they drive off down the black . ext . - platform to tram ~ day we see the step lead up to the tram that go to Roosevelt Island . Lucy and elliot climb step . lucy why would we get out of the carriage ? elliot because the man would not take confederate money . int . - funicular it be riding aloft . Lucy and elliot look out . . elliot you wanna go to my open tonight ?.. lowe you a good time after the last one . : lucy ( lock out ) I have homework . p.106 147 cont be ( 2 ) lwa + 1218 the Goodbye girl ches . 12-15-76 p.1084 elliot 118 what be you sore about ? I and cont 'b you Mom ? qq ) Lucy 's it 's none of my business . elliot well , since you and I will be exchange room tonight , I think it be ... omly I be a linrle old fashioned . I want you approval . lucy I ?... I be only cen year old . I be not allow cto vote yet . elliot L like you style , kid , I really do ... sorry . l I hear you do not like be call ' kid 's . lucy ( shrug ) I be a kid , it fit . elliot 's - do you like I ? Lucy you be waste a lot of money , I be not enjoy this ride . elliot answer my question , De you like ae ? Lucy ask Cynthia fein , she 's crazy about you . elliot I be go to keep ask till 2 get be answer , do you -like-me ? Lucy cam I get out of this thing , I be get nauseous . elliot answer I , goddammic ! yes or no ! it make no difference to I either way because I 'a move in with you old lady anyway but I want to hear it first from you own lip . yes or not Lucy ( tear come to she eye ) no !... yes . elliot be that yes ? Lucy yes . a lot ? elltor yes ! lucy ( cry ) es ! p.109 118 cont 'd ( 2 ) the Goodbye girl chgs. 1-31-77 elliot a really really really lot ??? Lucy yes ! yes ! alright ? elliot well , as much as you like I , it 's not one one - thousandth as much as I be nut about you ... swear to God , luce . ( tear stream down she face ) and I do not care if you cry you head off , I be gonna tell it to you ... I be certifiably nut about you end you ditsy mommy , now blow that into you handkerchief . lucy . I do not have a handkerchief . elliot then cry on the people ! int . coliseum lobby - day Paula and donna come down escalator . donna -. move in with vou ? you mean the two of you together ! paula ( look around embarrassed ) - a little louder , donna , they do not hear it in the street . - donna - oh , god. paula please ! do not say , " oh , God " , because I have be say it all day . I be shakey enough , be encourage . it will pay you for it , donna when be you gonna learn ? p.11lo 118 cont ' 3 g3 ) 119 the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 p.lll paula 119 I have learn . I go cto school cont ' 5 - twice and flunk . but he 's diff - ( 2 ) erent . this be a good man , donna . he 's sweet and he 's ' gentle and he 's funny and he 's loving . donna and he 's a actor . paula only by trade . by birth he 's a person . 120 out int . theater 121 it be a tiny theater . on stage , a sketch have just finish , blackout , applause ... the light come back on ... elliot and a girl , Linda , be put down stool . they sit . elliot can we have the house light up , please ? House light go up . we see the audience . Lucy be sit down front . . _ elliot «.. okay , now it 's you turn . a litcle improvisation '' from the audi - ence ... how many author have we get out there tonight , heh ? ... give we the situation and the character , Linda and I will do the rest ... alright , - who 's get a situation ?... come on ... 1 see a hand . girl ( with raise hand ) a boy call a girl for a date . elliot a boy call 2 girl for a date ... the situation be a boy call a girl for a date .. , who 's the boy ? man ( call out ) Albert Einstein ! the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.112 elliot 121 Albert Einstein be the boy ... and cont 'd the girl -- 5 ( 1 ) girl ( call out ) gertrude stein . audience laugh and applaud . elliot it 's possible . they mother could have arrange it ... oxay , Albert Einstein call gertrude stein for a date ... he confer briefly with Linda . she nod . he sit up and dial phone in pantomime . House light dim . elliot ( dial , german accent ) fife ... seven ... nein ... tzvei ... fuften tzvantek ... square root of three ... und six to the eighth power of a parallelogram ... ( he wait ) Ring , ring , ring ... und final ring . linda ( pick up phone ) hello be hello be hella ? : elliot hello ?... miss shtein ? linda ( tongue in mouth , barely audible ) yes . this be miss stein . who be call be call be call ? elliot vot that ? could you shpeak up , pleez ? linda I be sorry . I be eat my brownie . elliot a brownie ? how do you get a camera in you mouth ? the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.li2a4 linda L21 I be sorry , but I be very busy live cont 'p my aucoblography . who be this ? ( 2 ) elliot ' this be Albert Einstein . relatively long distance from Princeton . linda oh , Princeton ... how be thing over there ? elliot we beat Dartmouth today , twenty one to seven pi square . p.113 linda 121 be not that nice ?... one moment , cont 'd please ... Pablo , will you please ( 3 ) stop cry . I be sick of you blue period ... hello ? yes , I be sorry . you be say -- elliot you sound busy . I be not disturbing you , be I ? linda no , no . not at all . I be just take a bath -- Alice , stop splash , I be on the phone -- go on , alberc , elliot vell , you do not remember I , but ven have be eight poinc three seven year old , I sit next to you in math -- h ? linda math ? elliot . ' I think it 's short for mathematics . I be not sure ... anvay , I sit next to you ... t have straight black hair , plaster down vith vasoline - e* und you say , " vash it , for erise sake , vash ic !™. , , : linda one moment , Albert . Ernest hemingway just walk in ... what be you look for , Ernie ?... a bottle of scotch and a rifle ? '' ++ it 's right over there , across the river and into the tree ... I be sorry . you ware say , Albert -- ? . elliot vell , I vashed my hair und I grow up ... und I be do very vell , thank you ... I von three Nobel prize und I be make sixty - five dollar a month teach school ... linda oh , Jesus ! the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.1l elliot — 121 iss somesing wrong ? ao linda scotty fitzgerald just throw up on Zelda ... Pablo 's clean it up with a brush ...0h , Pablo . it 's a master - piece . I will buy it ... go on , alsy ! elliot alsy ?.... vell , I vas think about you yesterday ... I be out on der lake , nuclear fishing ... und I say to myself , " Albert , you be not get - ting any young . time be pass . " und de I actually see time pass . linda what do it look like ? elliot it look exactly the same as when time iss come at you . only now you see it from the back , pass . I draw a diagram of it . i'1l send it to you . you can frame it , .. und I decide to call you up und ask you if you would like to ga to the physicist 's Ball ... it 's a dance for physicist ... they be gonna have Robert oppenheimer und he band ... goad food , hydrogen and tonic , you will love it . linda when be it ? elliot Saturday night ... from ten o'clock to infinicy ! int . - paula' bedroom - night 122 Paula and elliot in bed . he be stare up at the eeil . she be cuddle up in he arm ... a quiet scene , - paula «.. you know what I would like more than anything in the whole world ? my very own live room set ... the woman libber will kill I , but God , how I love be a housewife . the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 elliot ( in he own reverie ) ... what a nice feel to hear real applause ... I take che entire audi - ence 's name and address , we will have they over to dinner one night . paula . and we definitely have to repaint this bedroom , okay ? elliot what ? paula I be redecorate . what coler do you want the bedroom ? elliot ( look up ) jewish ! montage : int . - live room - day the furniture be cover with canvas . a single house painter be do the wall . half the wall be do , Paula look at it , shake she nead , " no , " run inside and come out with a shirt on a hanger , show he the color she want . int . - staircase two unhappy moving men be try to negotiate the stair with a brand new , heavy sofa . ~ int . .- live room - day Paula , on a ladder , be put up curtain on the leave side of the window . on the right side , Lucy be sit on elliot 's shoulder and try to ham - mer a hook into the wall . closeup of photo in " house and garden " magazine it be a picture of a room where Paula apparently get many of she decorate idea . the camera goe up above the photo and we sez the room itself . it p.ll 122 cont be ( 2 ) 123 1234 1238 123c the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 '' have be redone and finish . it can not compare with the photo in the magazine , but for the money they have to spend , it be quite nice . Paula , with the magazine in she hand , survey she work . elliot come over to she , zipping up he jacket . paula something 's wrong . something do not come out right . what 's wrong with it , elliot ? elliot well , for one thing , it 's not on Park Avenue . he put he arm around she waist and try to kiss she neck but she 's more interested in the room . I really could use a arm chair over there . how many more week - do you have to play before 1 can have a arm chair ? elliot if you will cake one withouc arm , about a year . ( he kiss she ) momma bear have do the cave real nice . ( he start away ) paula where be you go ? elliot I have get to plow the north forty . - paula what north forty ? elliot jeez ! put a apron on the girl and she lose she sharpness ... I have get a matinee , it 's Sunday . - paula ( disappointed ) oh ! korvettes be open . I thoughe you would help I pick out some lamp . elliot take Lucy . p.lle 123 '' cont be ( 2 ) the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.117 lucy ( call out from 123 '' the bedroom ) cont '= Lucy have homework . ( 3 ) elliot shrug and start for the door . Paula run after he . paula hey ! ( he stop . she put she arm around he ) I be crazy about you . elliot and I be fond of you . I chink you have some very nice quality . ( he open the door ) by the way , leave Tuesday morning open . paula what be we do Tuesday morning ? elliot how do blood test strike you ? he go and close the door , leave a very stunne Paula stand in the room . 124 oct backstace - theater - day 125 the show be just over . the seven or eight member of the cast be head for they cubicle . elliot be talk to Linda . elliot ( excited ) four star ! thar be a definite four-star show . that 's one I would like to bottle . linda T just want to go home and sleep till Wednesday . elliot enter he tiny little cubicle . it have no door . just a little curtain that you pull to the side . he pull he clese and start to undress . he yell we to the rest of the company overhead . the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.118 elliot ( yell ) 125 deputy ? there 's no air in here . cont'd give the actor some AIR . we be ( 2 ) human being , not cattle . ler 's hear it for the actdr ! the other actor give elliot a rouse cheer . he be undress by now and just have a towel drape around he middle . a voice be heard from behind the curtain . voice hello ? be anyone in that thing ? : elliot who 's that ? voice I would knock but I do n'c know how the knock on a curtain . elliot who be that ? he ' pull back the curtain . a very impressive man and a ravish young woman stand there . the man be oliver frey . frey hello . Oliver frey. elliot ( dumbfounded ) who ? frey - Oliver frey ... be thas all right ? elliot - Oliver frey , the director ? frey I believe so . elliot ( beam ) no kid ?... Jesus , it 's nice to meet you ... qliver frey , whaddya know . they shake hand , crowded in the tiny cubicle . girl ( foreign accent ) please to meet you . the Goodbye girl ghgs. 12-15-76 frey this be gretchen . it 's not possible to pronounce she lasc name . elliot it 's okay . how do you do . ( he extend he hand and drop he towel ) woop ! sorry about thar . ( as he grab it back ) gretchen do not worry . IL be not bored . frey we think you be wonderful . elliot really ? be that what you think ? frey I have very Little reason to lie . elliot well , it 's a good group . they be all terrific kid . frey I love they all ... you be very talented , you know . elliot ( embarrassed ) oh ?.... okay ... thanks . frey well , we do not want to keep you . I just have one question I want to ask . would you be interested in a movie ? elliot you mean make one ? frey well , we could go to one but I think work be much more fun . elliot . with you ? yeah . I be interested . frey Tam too . p.1ig 125 cont 'd ( 3 ) the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 p.liga elliot 125 certainly , I be interested ... you cont 'd kid ? sure . ( 4 ) frey ie 's not the world 's largese part but I think you will have fun . lf 1 say you leave tonight , would thac be rush you ? elliot tonight ? frey why do not we leave all that co the business people . be there someone [ ¢an contact ? a agent ? a mother ? elliot er , Toby Richards , 601 madison . . frey : a wonderful woman . I know she well . elliot | I never do a movie , you know . I just want you to know that . frey honesty be my favorite virtue . you will be replace a actor I do not like ... you be really wonderful . I look forward to it ... and so , i’ suppose , goodbye . elliot er , right . yeah , Goodbye . ( he shake he hand . to gretchen ) Nice meeting you . sorry I expose myself , frey I suppose you want you deor close . frey pull the curtain on he way out ... elliot sit in he chair , stunne . he look at - himself in the mirror . elliot .+e- that be Oliver frey ... you be go to be in he movie . the Goodbye girl chgs. 12-15-76 p.11ig93 and suddenly , the head of everyone in the cast 125 appear overhead on , each side of he cubicle . cont 'd ( 5 ) . all . terrific . congratulation . take I with you . 126-127 out ext . - 78 th STREET - late afternoon 128 Paula , excited and happy , come down the street carry two large lamp , fairly burst out of they wrapping . she gecs to she house and start up the stair . Lucy be sitce on the top stair , look quite glum . paula what be you do out here ?... you do not lock yourself out again , do you ? Lucy look at she . she be angry and hurt . paula ( cont would ) . Lucy , what be it ? lucy Act least we do not get a letter this time . : a look of panic cross over Paula 's face . she rush past Lucy into the building . int . - staircase 128a Paula rush up the stair , panic«stricken . she be barely able to manage the two lamp in she arm . int . - bedroom . 129 elliot have he duffel bag and suitcase on the bed . re be almost all pack . he look up at -her . paula send that stuff out to the laundry ? .. L hope . the Goodbye girl chgs . 12-15-76 p.119 c elliot 129 I get a picture . ay l paula what ? elliot I get a picture , paula. , . I get a movie . her body lean againse the archway , everything drain - ing away from she inside . paula +. ohbhh , shit ! elliot what be you talk about ?... it 's a terrific picture . Oliver frey be direct ...~ I have to be in Seattle on location tomorrow morning . ( no response ) Seattle , Washington . paula I know where it be ... Far away . elliot who care ? [ I be not walk . .. they leave a first class cickec ac che air - port ... it 's a four week job at two thousand a week ... I mean , it 's oe freakin' Oliver frey ! , .. chrisc , I forget to ask what the part be . paula that 's wonderful . elliot ( throw more thing in bag ) I be noc make any comparison , but whoever hear of Al pacine before '' the gadfather ' ' ? paula I could not be happier for you , elliot Jesus , I a so scared , .. spend twenty year building up my ego and when I really need it , it lock itself in the john . paula it will come back to you ... trust I , elliot what 's wrong ? ie 's four week work , four lousy week , that 's a week less than five . paula I know . elliol no , you do not know ... you think you be get dumped on again , do not you ? paula you tell I you will be back , why should not I believe you ? elliot _ because if I be you , I would not be - lieve a actor who be pack either . paula ( cress to bed ) need any help ? ( she leok at open , empty drawer ) no , I see you take everything . elliot they say it 's freezing up there , to take all my warm clothing . ( he see the tear welling up in she eye ) Paula , you know it would take you if I could ... buc it 's way up in the mount - ain , very rough country ... they have wolf up there .. , not in the picture , real hungry wolf . paula I always get along fine with wolf . elliot T think you would be excited . jump - ing up and down ... 2 mean , it 's what I have work for my whole life ... be not that whac a mature relationship be all about ? you root for I and I root for you ? ' p.220 129 cont 'd ( 2 ) p.1l21 paula 129 +«. it 's my third time as a cheer cont 'd leader . ( 3 ) elliot ( coptrol himself ) okay . - okay , I get the point ... for - get it . I be not go it 's not worth it . not if for have to put you through four week of hell wonder whether I be come back or not ... if I get this picture , I can get another one ... I be not go , okay ? paula okay . elliot the hell I be not . that 's crazy ! why srould I do a dumb stupid thing because you don' trust I ? I be go . you 'rs just gonna have to trust I ... be you gonna trust I , Paula ? paula i'll plan my day around it . elliot ( furious ) danmmit !!... dammit-to-helll !!... I hate that two guy who walk oun of here . iim the only one who 's come back end I be get all the blame . paula no .-. you go , elliot ... 1 I want you co go ... 1 for you come back , fine . i'll be right here pucti mge up my wallpaper . and i£ not , that ! 's okay . too ... I will miss you but L will survive , elliot , because I have grow up this last two month . look at I . L be all grow up . ie be better chan spend a sumer at camp . I have never feel better or stronger in my life . somebody be actually walk out that door and I be not crumble into a million piece ... - : oh , Jesus , it feel good . , . Goodbye , 2 tio elliot , make a nice movie , .- have a wonderful career and if you be ever up for a Academy Award , L swear to God T will keep my finger ' cross for you . the gooddy girt chgs . 1-31+77 p.122 elliot - 129 what be there about you that make cont ! aman with a one forty seven 1.q . ( 4 ) feel like a dribble idiot . paula whatever itn be , I thank God for it . there be a bolt of lightning , and a crack of thunder outside . paula .-. you be welcome , God . it start to rain . elliot close he bag and start out . elliot interesting lesson I have just learn . falling in love and become success - ful may very well be the worst thing that can happen to a man . re start out . as he hit the archway , we hear another clap of thunder . he stop . elliot : : if my plane crash in that storm , I be come back to haunt you ... i'll be drag chain all over this goddamn apartment until you be ninety . ( he turn , Lucy be there ) so long , kid ! see you , kid ! {and he be go ) int . ~ paula' bedroom ~ night ' 130 we hear thunder outside ... rain pounding against the windcw . Paula , in she robe , be sit and stir a cup of tea rather aimlessly . Lucy appear . lucy I can not sleep . paula ( glumly ) give it five minute . you just get in bed . Lucy iocan predict che future . paula yeah ?. , . how about predict mine . the phone ring , D 's the Goodbye girl . . chgs. 12-15-76 Lucy . li predict a phone ringing in you life . : Paula let it ring again , then pick it up . paula hello ? the phone bcoth on the corner - night it be the same one elliot originally call from . he be very wet . a cab be wait on the curb . elliot get dress . paula what ? ( the phone sequence should be intercut as desire ) elliot , get dress , you be come with I . paula where be you ? elliot on the corner , in my old leaky phone booth , .. the plane have engine trouble . we be delay two hour . I cashed in first class for two economy 's . paula what about Lucy ? - lucy - De not worry abour Lucy . elliot call donna ... she can stay with she till we get back ... come on , the cab be tick away you new bedroom set . . paula I think you say I could not come with you . p.123 1390 cont 'd ( 2 ) 131 the Goodbye girl chgs . 1-11-77 p.124 elliot 131 I will tell they you be my analyst . cont'd actor be know to be very high ( 2 ) strung . paula ' and you really want I to come ? elliot Jesus God , you sure love a love scene , do not you ? yes. yes ! I want you to comet paula ( teary ) _see then it 's okay . I do not have to ... just as long as you ask . elliot Paula , do not play game with I . my sock be under water . paula : you will have enough to do there with - out worry about I ... besides , IL have work to do ... I be gonna spend all you money on we apartment ... but I be nut for you . ellict Jesus , I hope I be call the right number ... Paula , do I a favor . paula anything , my angel . elliot will you have my guitar re-strung . I have not be sleep too good lately ... call you tomorrew . he hang up and then rush through the rain into the cab . the kitchen / bedroom 132 * she hand up the phone and rush to the bedroom : * search for the guitar . she find it . lucy he leave he guitar ... he be come back , . — ~ ad , the goodbve girl chgs. 1-11-77 paula ( very cocky as she run to the window ) io never doubted it for a minute . ext . - bedroom window Paula , with the rain beat against she face , wave the guitar out the window . ext . - STREET the cab be pull away . elliot roll down the window and wave back . ° ext . - window Paula wave guitar . paula ( call out ) it have it ! I have it , sweetheart . +.- have a safe trip . I love you . ext . - STREET elliot wave she back . elliot ( scream ) never mind that ... you be rusting my guitar ! p.125 132 . cont 'd ( 2 ) 132a 133 134 135 the cab speed off into the night , the rain beat down on elliot .