the fog a screenp lay by John carpenter and debra Hill final shoot for educational * purpose only the screen be in total blackness . we hear a ticking sound . superimpose : from ghoulies and ghostie and long -legged beastie and thing that go bump in the . niget good lord deliver US . dissolve to : extreme closeup - gold watch 4n old , gold pocker watch fill the frame . lit by firelignt , the edge of the watch gleam . it be the source of the ticking . the time be 11:55 . slowly the watch begin to move , sway back and forth on its chain like a penduium . machen ( voice over ) eleven fifty - five . . . almost midnight . enough time for one . more story . ext . hillside - angle on child - night reverse angle . the watch continue to dangle in foreground . behind it , across a small glow fire , eat 2 group of child huddle together stare intently at the man hold the watch ( o.s . ) one little girl hide she face in the shoulder of andy wayne , a bright - eye seven - year - old sit next to she . finally she turn she face back to listen again . ( cont 'd ) ak , '' * ( continued machen ( cont 'd ) {voice over ) one more story before twelve , just to keep we warn . suddenly machen 's hand grab the watch and snap it shut ! the child jump , they eye stare at the watch and then flick up to the face of arthur machen . closeup - arthur machen he be a large , round man . he have a full white beard and wear a sea captain 's cap . dress in a fade navy blue pea jacket he wear a white ivory whale 's tooth on a chain around he neck . machen be a old fisherman who look appropriately ominous for the child as he be lit by the firelight . 1 . machen ( cont 'd ) in five minute it will be the twenty - first of April . one hundred year ago , on the twenty - first of April , out there on the water by spivey Point , a small clipper ship draw towards land . it be say that the man on board , all twenty of they , be rich and carry a great chalice of gold in they hold . they be come here to Antonio Bay to start a new home . but as they pull closer and closer to shore suddenly , ; out of the night the fog roll in , a thick vaporous shroud that cover the ship , obscure the shoreline and the bonfire that the town have set to guide they safely past the breaker . for a moment they could see nothing , not a foot in front of they , but then one or they see a light through the fog ! by God , it be a fire burn on the shore , strong enough to penetrate the swirl mist . _ they steer a course toward the light ... machen glance down at the flicker fire . machen ( cont 'd ) - . . but it be a campfire , like this one , build by someone down the beach from the main bonfire . ( cont 'd ) 5 6 angle on child they stare in guilty horror act the fire in fronc of they . machen ( cont 'd ) the campfire guide they toward spivey Point the wrong way , toward '' the breaker . angle on machen machen ( cont 'd ) the ship crash against the rock . its hull shear in two . the mast snap like a twig . the wreckage sink with all the man on board claw and gasp for air as the black ocean close in around they . at the bortom of the sea lay the Elizabeth dane and she man , they lung fill with salt water , they eye open and stare in the dazkness , and up above , as suddenly as it have come , the fog lift , receed back across the ocean , and never come again . but it be tell , by the fisherman and they father and grandfather , that when the fog returm to Antonio Bay the man at the bottom of the water off spivey Point will rise up and search for that campfire chat lead they to they dark , icy death . angle on child terrify , they just stare at the fire . there be a hushed silence . just the flicker hiss of the. flame . suddenly a church bell blast open the silence : go ! the child jump and gasp , they eye wide . closeup - machen ( effect ) he smile at - the child and glance at he watch . machen - twelve o'clock , April the twenty - first . . camera slowly boom up from machen 's face , up through the shadow of tree behind he , up to reveal that we be on a hillside look down on Antonio Bay , a small northern California coastal town , at nignc . 10 ext . ocean - low angle - night ( effect ) camera be low , level on the water . in the distance we see the light of Antonio Bay and hear the second go of the church bell . slowly we be aware of something move across the water in foreground . it be the léad edge of a dense se fogbank drift slowly toward Antonio Bay . finally the fog completely obscure the light in the distance . silence . the lapping of ocean water and another distant go . ia then suddenly a black , claw hand hand explode through the surface of the water it be cake with slime and twisted with seaweed . the hand reach right at camera , covering the lens , plunging we into blackness . superlmpose : '' : : the fog roll MAIN title as we hear the gong of the distant church bell . after the final credit we dissolve to : ext . ANTONIO BAY - establishing shot - night ( effect ) we hear the twelfth go of the church bell over the ' few twinkle light of Antonio Bay . almost everything be close down now . the small town be dark . superimpose : the night before the fog over the shot we hear a very low , sensual female voice : steve ( voice over radio ) that make it just ebout one . minute after twelve midnight . this be kab , Antonio Bay , California , and I be Steve Wayne and if you do not have anything to do right now I will be here play music for another hour or-so . : 1 . 12 13 14 16 closeup - truck radio we be close on a radio in the dashboard of a truck . steve .( cont 'd ) ( voice over radio ) even if you have something to do keep I turn on for awhile and I will try my best to do the same for you . int . truck - night at the wheel of the truck be nick castle , a fisherman . he be a rugge - look man in he thirty . he smile at the voice on the radio . nick okay . : | music come over the radio . Nick glance up . nick be Pov - the road illuminate by the truck headlight we see a girl stand - ing hitchhike by a roadsign that read : welcome to ANTONIO BAY angle on nick as he pass she Nick put on the brake and stop the truck . he glance over to he right . nick be Pov - side view mirror in the side view mirror we see the girl run up to the passenger door . : int . truck the door open and elizabeth solley jump into the passenger seat . she be 19 and wear a fatigue jacket over she T-shirt and blue jeans . despite she angular sexuality she have a Tom -boyish quality to she . eliz beth : hi. nick hi. ( cont 'd ) 16 continued : ; elizabeth ne how faz be you go ? nick I other side of town . elizabeth ( with a grin ) I be go near there . nick - okay . Nick put the truck in gear and start up again . the music on the radio end and Steve 's voice come on . steve ( voice over radio ) it 's four and a half minute after midnight and let I be the first to wish Antonio Bay a happy birthday . we be one hundred year old today ! suddenly the driver 's window next to Nick shatter wildly i into a million piece ! xl '' 17 angle on front window the entire front window shatter , blasting inward ! 18 angle on elizabeth sk , ; ' she scream and the passenger window crash in on she ! 19 '' int . '' truck Nick swerve over to the side of the road and stop . ; nick ' be you all right ? elizabeth I think so . Nick stare at the empty window all around he in disbelief , : nick what hit we ? - ( cont 'd ) v v 9 . 20 21 22 23 24 25 continued , Nick lean forward . nick 's Pov - rear view mirror the rear view mirror be shattered . angle on nick he lean outside he window . nick be Pov ~ side view mirror it too be shattered , int . truck Nick be totally dumfounded . elizabeth maybe you get weak glass . Steve come back on the radio . steve ( voice over radio ) it 's a quiet fifty - nine degree in Antonio Bay and the weatherman tell I we may be in for some rain tonight . cur to : ext . old church - establishing - night ( effect ) a huge , ancient stone church with a bell tower sit on a hill at the inland end of Antonio Bay . steve ( cont 'd ) : ( voice over radio ) _. '' . but from up here where I be sit it look like clear sky and no cloud . maybe the weather - man 's be work too hard . int . bell tower - church - night we be inside the bell : tower on the ground floor , close on a portable radio . - ( cont 'd ) '' nn ff 25 continued steve ( cont 'd ) ( voice over radio ) I will be hang around here for almost another hour just to see which one of we be right ; and I be invite you to hang around with I . music begin to olay over the radio as camera pull back - to reveal bennett tramer , a gangly 14 , as he coil up the bell rope and tie it to a wooden hook on the wall . he pick up the portable radio and step out of the tower . camera follows he down a narrow hallway lead up to a door with a light at the other end . bennert click off the radio and peer in the door . camera move in over he shoulder to reveal father malone seat at a table with he back to we . he have not hear bennett 's approach . bennett I be all through , Father . Father melone turn around , startle . he be a gaunt man in he forty with a rather good - look face . he stare at tramer anxiously then stand up carefully as if he be hide something behind he back . . father malone that 's fine , bennett . I will not need you until four tomorrow . . bennett yes sir . bennett put the radio on a table and take he jacket off a hanger . bennett ( cont 'd ) ._ i be wonder , Father , could I get pay ? father malone . tomorrow . bennett it 's be over a month . ( cont 'd ) 25 . 13 '' continued father malone tomorrow , bennett . now get.on home before you parent start to worry . bennett yes sir . bennett turn and walk away down the hall . as he footstep fade malone just stand there before bring out the bottle of whiskey he have be hold behind he back . he take a deep swig . : father malone tomorrow . he notice that bennett have forget the portable radio on the table . he pick it up , think about go after the ' boy , then change he mind . father malone ( cont 'd ) everything tomorrow . he click on the radio and listen a moment , then cock he head around as if he have hear something . he shut off the music and strain to hear . silence . then a slight rustling SOUND , a scraping ... . Father malone quickly hide the whiskey bottle behind he . father malone . hello ? silence . father malone ( cont 'd ) bennett ? no answer . then wham ! a object fall on the desk with a tremendous crash , right in front of camera ! startle , malone jump back . : close shot - malone' hand ~ - the whiskey bottle fall . out of he hand . 4 . 15 16 uv 18 19 20 21 closeup - floor it smashes on the stone floor . another angle - floor the portable radio also thud on the floor and instantly click on . music blare out . angle on father malone he look at the bottle and the ‘radio , then glance over at the table . malone' Pov - table lying on the table be a stone slab from the wall of the church . angle on father malone he look up from the table . malone' Pov - wall : a few foot above the table be a open hole in the wall where the slab once be . it be as it the slab have be push out from the inside . angle on father malone he stand up on he tip -toe and peer into the hole . then he reach inside . clo seup - book . malone 's hand pull out a old , leather - bound book , rotted with moisture yet still intaet . he ope : open it , on the first page we read : journal of father patrick malone 1880 over the radio the music end and Steve 's low , dusky voice return . ( cont 'd ) 21 . 22 '' continued steve ( voice over radio ) it 's all of twelve minute after midnight and this be Steve Wayne , you nightlight , around wmtil about one o'clock . ext . lighthouse - establishing - night ( effect ) a white stone lighthouse sit on the edge of a cliff overlook both Antonio Bay and the ocean . ( cont 'd ) continued steve ( cont 'd ) ( voice over radio ) I be high tonight in the kab light - house on spivey Point , and in case you have forget it 's April 21 and : happy 100th birthday for Antonio ay . angle on light - top of lighthouse for a instant the screen be wipe white as the light on top of the lighthouse slowly whish by . camera boom down to a small , glass - enclose room just below the top of che lighthouse : the broadcast booth of kab radio . camera move in coward the console and steve wayne seat in front of a microphone . in she late twenty , she be a strike - lock woman , darkly sensual and guazdedly vulnerable . as she talk into the microphone , light by the warm yellow glow of the low-hanging lamp , we move into a closeup . steve ( cont 'd ) there 's a celebration plan for tonight and if you be so excited about it you can not sleep , stay up with I and I will figure out some way to keep you occupy . she flip a switch on the console and anorher record begin to play . she look at the microphone in front of she as if it be a person and talk to it flatly im she normal , non - sensual voice . . steve ( to the microphone ) maybe a hot game of checker . in a smooth motion she light herself a cigarette and check the dial on she machine , note they in she logbook . steve ( cont 'd ) ( sing to herself ) if checker really be not the best , how about a quiet game o£ chess ? . the phone ring . as she continue to log the meter and 's smoke she cigarette Steve answer it ... ( cont 'd ) 23 . 24 25 continued , steve ( into telephone ) hello , kab . o' bannon ( over telephone ) bello , sweetheart . : steve ' oh , hi , Dan . what have you get ? never mind , do not answer that . int . weather station - niget dan o'bannon sit in front of a bank of glow machinery in the small weather station . o' bannon ( into telephone ) I be call to see if you be lonely and if there 's anything I can do about it . intercut phone conversation steve never lonely , Dan . I think you be off at seven . o' bannon I change shift so I can make it to the big party tonight . will you be there ? as she talk Steve matter - of - factly go about select the next several record for air play . steve I be a work girl . o'bannon you have to take some time off . steve until I can talk someone else into give up city life for Antonio Bay , ' mit , and ' it ' mean fifteen heur a day . - ( cont 'd ) 25 . continued o' bannon too much work . . steve it be not easy own you own station . Steve glance at the needle on the record play . steve ( cont 'd ) - . . and if you do not tell I why you call in about ten second I be go to hang up on you . : o' bannon you want something to talk about ? steve anything . o'bannon I get a position on a little trawler still out about fifteen mile . call . the ' Sea grass ' . . and I get something on my scope that look like a fog bank about twenty - five mile out move in they direction . Steve write all this down in she log book . : steve thanks , Dan . that 's worth about fifteen second . : o' bannon I be worth longer than that . steve I 'mon the air . bye . she hang up the phone and flip a switch , steve ( inte microphone ) ahoy , maty , this be kab , Antonio Bay . Steve Wayne here beam a signal across the sea . 7 cur to : 26 omitted 27 28 . ext . ' trawler - ocean - night the small fishing trawler bob up and down in the darkness . we can see only the glow light from the inside of the ship . steve ( cont 'd ) ( over tadio ) to the man of the Sea grass , fiireen mile out tonight , a warm hello and keep a watch out for that fogbank come in from the easr , . int . trawler cabin - night fisherman , sit drink beer in the small , dimly light cabin . they listen drunkenly to the portable radio on one of the bunk bed . al william , the captain , and baxter and wallace , two young steve ( cont 'd ) ( over radio ) in the meantime why do not you just sit back and relax with I while I play this song from the coupe de ville dedicated just to you . the song begin and the man whistle . wallace get up and shuffles over to the port window . Williams chug he beer . william | Boy would I like to meet she . baxter I see she once at the grocery store . william and ... 2 ? baxter : ( grin ) you would like to meet she . wallace stare out the window . ; wallace : she 's crazy . there 's no fogbank out there . Williams and baxter ignore he . ( cont 'd ) 28 continued - william what do you know about she ? baxter she own that goddamn lighthouse . willlam i know thar . . baxter her son play little league with my son . . william she 's a mother ? baxter I think you be happily marry . william not that happy . wallace be still be the window . wallace there 's no fogbank out there . 29 . wallace's Pov - thru port window ( effect ) it be very dark outside , except that the moon illuminate the water on the horizon . there , just ' barely visible , move slowly towards we , grow in size , be the fog . 30 int . cabin of trawler wallace hey , there 's a fogbank out there . Williams and baxter stare at he a moment , then slowly climb to they foot . can william I be drunk enough , let 's go back . baxter turn and stumble out of the cabin up on to the eck . william ( cont 'd ) ( to wallace ) give he a hand , will you ? ( cont 'd ) it 30 31 32 33 34 - '' 35 . 36 continued 7 wallace Al , come here . william just give he a hand . wallace come here ... slowly Williams walk over to the port window and look - out . Pov thru port window ( effect ) the fog be closer now , move rapidly toward the trawler . suddenly from inside the fog there be 'a white , pale glow that pulse bright and then dark again . int . trawler cabin william what be that ? wallacw it 's kinda glow . int . steering house - night baxter stroll into the steering house and step to the wheel . he glance out the window . ' Pov thru window ( effect ) the fog move right at we , throbbing slowly on and off with a pale radiance , as if it be alive , int . steering house baxter stare at it incredulously , then glance down at the dial in front of hin . baxter hey Al ... all ext . trawler - ocean ( effect ) the fog drift into frame and slowly close in around the trawler , glowing phosphorescently . br = by 37 . 38 39 40 a 40 B 41 ' lead edge of the fog curl into the crack ext . deck - night the fog have totally envelop the trawler . Williams and wallace stumble up out of the cabin . suddenly all around they the fog glow . there be a hollow rushing SOUND almost like wind . : int . steering house Williams and wallace jump inside , slamming the door bebind they . baxter stare in horror at he dial . everything be go haywire . the needle on the compass be spin , the light be flash on and off , the radio emit e high - pitched squeal . Williams rush over to the radar screen . '' ; closeup - radar screen as the radar sweep circle the screen a large dot ping .¢lose to the center . int . steering house william Christ , there 's something right in front of we ! - ext . rear of ship - generator hold - ( effect ) the fog drift along the rear of the ship . it reach the generator hold , a small compartment in the deck . the fog suddenly sweep down . almost like finger the fs around the hold . int . generator hold : : the fog drift down and reach right into the generator . the generator spurt and short out from the moisture . int . steering house suddenly the light go out ! william the generator ! Williams and wallace race out of the steering house leave baxter at the wheel . '' ns vf 414 ext . deck 41b 41c the two man can barely see in front of they . again and again the fog glow . the windy rushing SOUND be loud , like the inside of a hurricane , william ( shouting ) can you see anything ? . wallace herel he hand Williams a flashlight . Williams click it on and swing the beam aft . : Pov - generator hold Black smoke pour out of the generator hold . angle on william - wallace suddenly there be a creaking off the side of the trawler . Williams swing the flashlight beam around and point it out into the fog . '' 42° 43 44 45 Pov - the fog ( effect ) as the beam of light pass through the fog it hit something : it be the dim outline of a sailing shin ! we can just make out the break mast and the tear , tatter sail as the light pass by . ' angle on william - wallace they stare in disbelief . william do you see that ? . . Pov - the fog ( effect ) the light move arowmd , try to find the ship again . nothing but the glowing fog . the ship be go . angle on william - wallace william it 's go . . wallace turn toward the aft of the trawler , listen as if he hear something . : wallace hey . william there be just a ship out there ! wallace Al , listen ... Williams listen . we hear the sound of footstep on the deck of the trawler . then Williams sping the flashlight beam around . william nothing . wallace listen ! the footstep get louder and louder , come right toward they william who 's there ... ? int , steering house | baxter stand at the wheel stare at the radar screen . ( shout ) al , that thing be right beside we ! silence . barter ( cont 'd ) all from behind baxter we hear the creaking of the steering house door as it open . then as the a soot glow we see the shadow of someone stand in the open doorway cast on baxter 's back , ssaxter do not turn aroun baxter ( cont 'd ) Al , it 's big ! it 's gotta be a ship , I mean a big ship ! the fog glow again . the shadow in the doorway do not move . we hear the sound of water dripping on the deck baxter ( cont 'd ) what happen , you get wet ? baxter turn around . a look of utrer and complete horror come over he face as he see whatever be stand in the doorway . he open he mouth and scream at the top of he lung as the shadow move toward he ! camera rush into he scream race ! ~~ CUT to : int . kab - top of lighthouse - night the music end and Steve click on she microphone . steve ( into microphone ) that one be for you , Sea grass . have a safe trip home . it 's 12:43 and I have four in a row for you tignt here on kab , Antonio Bay , she cue up another record , then stand up and stretch . ( cont 'd ) 47 48 49 50 51 ' continued steve ( cto herself ) another four in a row ~ and then , you know it 's time to gol Steve walk over to the window overlook the ocean side of the lighthouse . she glance out . steve's Pov - ocean ( effect ) it stretch out forever in the darkness . angle on steve steve ( to hersel= ) lot of water , Steve , but it sure beat Chicago . the phone ring . Steve answer it . steve ( into telephone ) hello , kab ... o'bannon ( over telephone ) I like what you say , but for you information you lie . init . weather station - night . 7 o'bannon ( cont 'd ) that fogbank have move due west and probably miss the boat entirely . angle on steve she glance at a gauge by the window . steve my gauge must be wrong because I have get a wind blow due east . what kind of fog move against ' the wind ? o’ bannon ( over telephone ) you get I . ( cont 'd ) 51 . 52 53 54 55 continued , steve I be not sure I want you , you be just a voice on the phone . something out on the ocean catch she eye . steve's Pov - ocean ( effect ) Way out in the distance there be a faint pale glowing in the darkness , a tmearthly pulsing heartbeat . angle on steve . she stare curiously . o' bannon ( over telephone ) and you be just a voice on the tadio . we would make a perfect couple . she be not listen . she look out at the ocean . steve's Pov - ocean ( effect ) nothing . just ocean stretch out to the dark horizon . angle on steve o'bannon ( cont 'd ) '' ( over telephone ) if you will let I take you to dinner tonight I will prove it to you . steve my idea of perfection be a voice on the phone . 0 's bannon '' ( over telephone ) , ok , mystery lady . steve goodnight , 7 she hang up . for several moment she stand look out at the ocean and the darkness , wait to see if the - glow will recurn . finally she give up and turn back to the microphone . ( cont 'd ) oe 55 . 56 continued . camera move up to the clock on the wall : 12:57 . int . nick's beach house - night cur . to : close on a radio , tume to kab , music continue . camera pan over to a fire crackling in a fireplace , then across several article of clothing strewn across the floor , then up to Nick and eli : under the cover . nick can I ask you something ? sure . you name . Elizabeth , I be Nick . hi , Nick . elizabeth nick elizabeth - nick elizabeth nick where be you from ? you say , ' can I ask you something ? '. ' something ' , meaning one thing . elizabeth that 's two thing . . okay . Los Angeles , and that 's the last one nick elizabeth you be get free . zabeth lie in bed Nick smile and lean over to kiss she . a incredible knocking startles they both . Nick look up . K. 57 58 ~ 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 Pov - front door from the bed we see the front door .. there be a slow , rhythmic pounding from che outside , again and again . angle on nick - elizabeth the pounding continue . , 7 nick Al ? : angle on front door . : no reply , just the pounding in a slow , steady beat . camera slowly move in toward the bottom of the door . from underneath we see a faint pulsing light just angle on nick - elizabeth Nick quickly pull on he blue jeans and start the door , camera moving back with hin . low angle moving shot - toward door ( panaglide ) from behind Nick 's foot camera move toward the ' we see the pale glowing under the crack . closeup - doorknob toward door . Nick 's hand reach for the doorknob . the pounding .~ abruptly stop ! closeup - radio '' ( voice over radio ) ' _ it 's one o'clock straight up . . ext . nick's beach house - angle on door - night Nick open the door and look out . Pov - beach & ocean ( effect ) nothing but a empty beach and the dark ocean . ( cont 'd ) 65 . 66 67 continued steve ( cont 'd ) ( voice over radio ) .» . . and it 's time for I to sign off . : angle on door Elizabeth , wrap in a blanket , join Nick at the door . '' steve ( cont 'd ) ( voice over radio ) until tomorrew at six o'clock when kab come back on the air this be Steve Wayne hope you have a nice rest of the night . elizabeth who be it ? nick I do not know . they look up and down the beach for some sign of lite . '' nick ( cont 'd ) rat in the wall , mouse at the _door altel . elizabeth that 's strange . , nick what ? she point . elizabeth that footprinr . they lead from . the water up to the door , and then - they stop ... Nick look . Pov ~ beach & ocean ( effect ) footorint lead from water 's edge right up to the door step . the rest of the beach around the footprint be absolucely smooth , wash clean by the tide . fade out . 68 70 71 72 73 74 * fade in to : ext . beach - rock - day the water crash against the rock by a long , sandy . beach , the white water explode on the screen . superimpose : the day of a= the fog closer angle - rock again the tide smasees into the rock . as the water receed we see something shiny wedge inbetween two rock . td coin ' it be a small gold angle on beach ; Andy Wayne , the seven- year - old we see at the campfire , come run up the beach . something catch he eye . he bend down at water 's edge . angle on rock / the gold coin shimmer in the sunlight . angle on andy he reach for the coin curiously . angle on rock . suddenly a wave hit the rock and the coin disappear . in its place be a piece of driftwood , very old and wear , yet cut and plane almost as if it 's part of a old ship . Andy 's hand reach into frame and grab the driftwood . angle on beach Andy race across the sand toward a beach house just up from the water . he carry the driftwood under he arm . cur to : 75 . int . steve's beach house ~ day wide shot of the front room . it be wood - penell with a large picture window look out at the beach . we see Andy rim by through the window . andy ( from outside ) Mom , mom ... camera move to a wall and we see frame picture : Steve in front of a microphone shaking hand with a handsome , dark - haire man ; Steve and the dark -haire man with they arm around each other , hold a young baby ; and Steve , look a little distant , stand alone in front of the lighthouse in a newspaper clipping that read : : . kab have new owner Steve Wayne also to serve as dise jockey andy ( cont 'd ) ( voice over ) mom ! camera move off the wall as Andy come bound through the front door and race through the room . int . bedroom - day Steve be sound asleep in bed as Andy blast through the door carry the driftwood in he hand , the room be dark , the curtain pull . andy ( cont 'd ) . mon , wake up ! there be no movement from the bed . Andy run over and pull the currain . sunlight pour into the room . andy ( cont 'd ) '' Mom , c'mon , get up ! look what I find ! : steve listen , honey . I be really not asleep . actually I die in ny sleep last night so there 's no reason to wake I up . Andy circle around the bed and stand over she . ( cont 'd ) 76 into this neat piece of wood ! continued andy sure , mom , but lookic ! first it be a gold coin and then it turn steve - Andy , will you bring flower to the funeral ? you know I love carnation . andy uh-huh , but look at it , moml Steve peer at the driftwood , then at she son , she smile warmly and kiss he . steve good morning , Andrew . do you have a good time last night ? andy yeah . Old mister machen tell we ghost storey . steve do you thank Mrs. kobrir2 for bring you home ? andy yes m'am . : steve . do she say she be come over to stay with you tonight ? ; andy uh-huh . Mom , can i have a stomach pounder and a Coke ? 7 steve after lunch . do you eat the '' breakfast I fix you ? andy yeah . nlook at the driftwood ) I be gonna go look for another onet maybe this time I can get the gold coin ( cont 'd ) a 76° 77 78 79 continued Andy jump off the bed . and race out of the bedroom . Steve sit for a moment stare at the open window . awake , she crawl out of bed and look at the door after Andy , smile softly . : steve ( gently ) . 7 you keep I go , kid . Steve glance at the driftwood , turn and walk into the bathroom . we hold on the bedroom and hear the sound of water running . then the water be turn off and Steve reappear at the door . she lean over the bed and pick up the piece of driftwood . close shot - steve ; ' she examine the driftwood curiously . close shot - driftwood her hand rub over the surface , scraping away layer of ott and slime . underneath , in faintly etched letter , s$ : dane cuUT to : _ext . ANTONIO BAY dock - day the dock bustles with activity . fishermen arrive to board the boat for the day 's sail . suddenly Nick step into closeup with a concerned look on he face . . nick where the hell be they ? camera pull back to. reveal Elizabeth stand next to he and hank jone , the dockmaster , check off item on he clipboard . hank pull out at four-fifteen yesterday and that 's the last _ I see of ‘em ... . ( cont 'd ) 79 continued nick Al say seven-thirty , right here . hank ' you know Al , if I be you I would find myself another boat for the day . : nick you call the Coast Guard ? Nick . . . they probably get dmmk last night and they be still out there sleep it off . Nick look out over the water . nick Al would not do that . ; hank he would do anything . nick I have be drunk with he so many time I can not count ‘em all , but every single time we would stop before we get so shitface we could n'c make it back . he 's too good a sailor to stay out all night and not let someone know . hank you sound like he wife . nick just he friend . Nick move away from the edge of the dock , Elizabeth follow he . 7 hank you worry too much , Nick . Nick and Elizabeth walk along the dock , camera moving with they . ( cont 'd ) have - ph — — - 79 80 continued elizabeth where be we go ? nick '' I be go the con asheroft into take out he boat to look for the Sea grass . elizabeth who 's Ashcroft ? nick someone who owe I a favor . 's ' elizabeth can I come along ? nick : i do not you have somewhere else to go ? elizabeth eventually . nick okay ... a CUT to : ext . ANTONIO BAY square - day _ there be park bench , tree and at .one end of the square a gigantic anchor with a plaque on it . across the street be the town hall . workmen busily put up wooden bleecher , a refreshment stand and various banner across the park . one of the banner read : ; ANTONIO BAY celebrate its past in the middle of the park be a large structure cover with a white cloth . it appear to be a statue underneath . ( cont 'd ) ae 80 . continued , a pretty woman in she late forcy stride across the park toward the statue . she be kathy william , dress in a taper suit and move with a greal deal of authority and impatience . right behind she come sandy Fadel , she secretary , a dark - haire girl with glass and a totally sarcastic manner , kathy . . the mayor and he wite be to be pick up at five forty - five and bring to the mayor 's box . as rathy walk Sandy follow write note on a legal pad . kathy ( cont 'd ) at exactly six o'clock the band will begin play " the Star spangle Banner " and the flag will be raise . then we will have speech by I , the mayor and the sheriff , ' then we will pass out the candle and begin the procession . then I will go home and pass out ! rathy stop in front of the cover statue . kathy ( cont 'd ) I be almost afraid to look . she lift up the cloth . underneath be a bronze statue of ' the Elizabeth dane hit the rock . kathy ( cont ' dy not bad , not bad at all . sandy a work of art . karhy glance at she , lowering the cloth . kathy - Sandy , just be civil to I for another five hour , that 's all Task . it 's my project and if it fall apart it 's my ... she pat she ass . Sandy nod . ( cont 'd ) 80 continued sandy anything you say , Mrs. Williams . they begin walk across the park . kathy do you order the candle . God , what a think ! a candlelight procession with no candle . sandy all take care of . kathy do you get all the promotional material over to Steve at the lighthouse ? 1 1 sandy sign , seal and deliver . they reach a silver cadillac park on the. street . Kathy pull out she key . kathy you may be a very annoying person , Sandy , but you be a excellent assistant . sandy thank you , Mrs. Williams . int . cadillac - day Kathy and Sandy get in . Kathy start the car and pull , away from the curb . kathy if I can just get through the speech without yawn ... ' I couldn'c sleep last night . sandy too excited ? kathy no . Al go out on he boat yesterday and do not come home . he still be not back . and on top of that at twelve o'clock on the nose my dog start bark and didn 'c scop uncil six this morning . 7 ( cont 'd ) v 81 continued sandy I hear the bell at midnight , start to drift off to sleep and suddenly my neighbor 's car alarm go off for absolutely no reason . kathy last night ? : : sandy uh-huh . woke up the whole block . : kathy . : I talk to the mayor this morning . about twelve thirty he picture window shattered into a million piece . sandy gotta be a disease . this town sit around for a hundred year and nothing happen . then one night the whole place fall apart . ; kathy . please , Sandy . the more you go on like this the more hysterical I get . my husband 's out at sea and I have get to talk Father malone into stay sober for the benediction . life be hard enough . sandy ~ what be he bark at ? kathy my dog ? nothing . sandy you may mot see it , but it 's always . something . kathy he be face the ocean and growl . what do that tell you ? my dog go crazy and decide to bark at the ocean . sandy yes , m'am_ 82 ext . coastal road - night =e camera pan with karhy 's silver cadillac as it whizze ns ' : along the coastal road . we pick up Steve 's small : sportscar roaring along in the opposite direction . 83 int . sportscar - day a cigarerte in she hand , Steve yawn and tune in she shortwave radio . coast guard ( over radio ) - . . move westerly at five . knot . the temperature for the Antonio Bay area will be in the high sixty . High tide at 3:46 , low tide at 9:13 . 83a close shot - driftwood the piece of driftwood lie on the seat beside Steve . : coast guard ( cont 'd ) bulletin to all vessel and - eraft . be on the lockout for aol the ' Sea grass ' 7 ~ 83b angle on steve al she react to the bulletin . coast guard ( cont 'd ) ee . .« . . &@ thirty foot trawler last ~~ , see approximately fifteen mile : east of spivey Point . as of one : fifty - seven today the Sea grass have : mot respond to radio commmication . ak CUT to : 84 ext , isabell two - day ; Nick and Elizabeth scand on the deck of the isabell j two , .a small cutter that blast along through the water . : ashcroft , in he fifty with a ruddy , weather - beat : face , stand at the rail with a pair of binocular . Nick contemplate something for a moment , then look at Elizabeth . 7 nick I : can I ask you something ? Fe : ( cont 'd ) 84 85 86 87 a. _ continued , elizabeth 7 sure. nick ( smile ) who be you ? elizabeth I be Elizabeth . . nick that 's all ? 7 elizabeth : I go to school up north and I be engage to a guy who think I be spend the weekend with a girlfriend . so I get bored . so here I be . okay ? ( she smile ) ashcroft there it be ! Ashcroft hand Nick the binocular and point . nick's Pov thru binoculars ( effect ) about a half mile ouc be the Sea grass lie quietly on the still ocean . : cut to : ext . old church - day Kathy 's cadillac pull up the driveway of the stone church . , Pov thru windshield the car wind around the side of the church , past a small cemetery . it be old and overgrown with weed . some of the tombstone be fall over . kathy {voice over ) . look at this place . 8s . 89 '' int . cadillac - day kathy ( cont 'd ) well , I be announce it now . ' this be my nex= project , the restoration of the cemetery : it 's historical . we ancestor be bury here . ; Kathy pull to a stop . : kathy ( cont 'd ) this town should be proud of its past , but try to get anyone , involved in any sort of commmity effort be like pull tooth . ext . rear of church - day Kathy and Sandy get out of the car and walk to the rear .door of the church . Kathy glance over at the cemetery . kathy - get I a estimate ready for the council meeting next month . sandy yes m'am . kathy Sandy , you be the only person I know who can make " yes m'an " sound like " screw you " ! . they stop at the door and Kathy ring the bell . kathy ( cont 'd ) ( under she breath ) if you could just say a quick prayer ask that he not be in he cup . she try to knock on the door but the pressure of she hand swing the door wide open . sandy not a good sign . 90 | yump — int . church - day Kathy and Sandy step inside . it be almost totally dark . the only light that seep in the huge sanctuary be from the stain - glass window . ; kathy Father malone ... hello ... silence . ; kathy . ( louder ) Father malone . ' her voice echoe throughout the church . ; sandy another bad sign . kathy you try down the hall . Sandy walk off down a hallway . Kathy walk out into the church and stand for a moment , try to see in the semi-darkness . kathy Father malone ... " suddenly Father malone step out of the shadow of a colum text to she and touch ner | shoulder . katny™ kathy Jesus ! oh , I be sorry , Father malone . . then she see he face . kathy ( cont 'd ) _ be you alright ? malone 's 's hand be shaking . he try to control chem . father malone Mrs. Williams ... I have something to show you ... . 91 ° '' ext . angle on deck - sea grass - day wham ! two foot land on the deck of the Sea grass . camera pan up to reveal Nick have just jump from the isabell two which bob in ocean right beside it . Elizabeth stand beside ashcro== . ( shout ) all there be no reply . . ashcroft take the line ! Ashcroft throw a line across to Nick who grab it and tie it down . now the two boat ere hitched together . Ashcroft help Elizabeth across and jump across himself . Nick walk along the deck toward the aft , camera moving with he . Elizabeth follow . : nick Al ... Tommy , Dick ... silence except for the lapping of the ocean against the bull . Ashcroft quickly check in the cabin , reemerges aoe into the steering heuse . he return to the eck . ashcroft cabin and the steering nouse be empty . maybe somabcdy pick ‘em up . Nick kneel down and open the zenerator hold hatch , be look inside the smail hold . nick Water in the generator . ashcroft but the deck 's dry as 2 do . CUT to : 92. 93 94 95 96 int . church study - day Kathy and sendy sit at one end of a long table listen to Father malone , seat at the other end , read from the Journal of Father Patrick malone . his hand tremble slightly as he read . : father malone ( read ) December 9 . met with Black this evening for the first time . he stand in the shadow to prevent I from get a clear look at he face . what a vile disease F this be ! he be a rich man with a curse condition , but this do not prevent he from try to better he situation and that of he comrade at the colony . CUT to : ext . lighthouse - day the lighthouse stand tall and stately in the sunlight . emblazon on the side be kab Radio . Steve 's sportscar pull into the small parking lot in front . she get out , gather up tape and record from the back seat , grab the piece of driftwood from the front and stride up to the door . she wnlock it and go in . int . botiom of lighthouse - elevator - day Steve move into the small elevator and close the slide door behind she . int . elevator she punch the button and the elevator clanks to life . then she take a small cassette out of its container and plop it into the recorder she carry . she click it on . 7 chorus ( over tape recorder ) it 's one hundred year today so please do not go away . angle down elevator shaft the elevator slowly rise toward the top of the lighthouse . ( cont 'd ) 96 . ' continued chorus ( cont 'd ) ( over tape recorder ) until you take the time to sey '' happy birthday , : Antonio Bay .. 97 int . elevator chorus ( cont 'd ) ( over tape recorder ) happy birthday from thriftway cleaner '' . , Steve click off the recorder disgustedly . steve oh brother . . camera move in on the piece of driftwood among the equipement wmder she arm . we see a trickle to seawater slowly ooze down from the letter dane . CUT to : 98 int . church study - day Father malone continue to read from the journal . Sandy look bored . Kathy be engross in what he read . father . malone ( cont 'd ) December 11 . blake 's proposition be simple . he want to move off tanzier Island and relocate the entire colony just north of here . he have purchase a clipper ship call the Elizabeth dane with part of he fortune and ask only for permission to settle here . I muse balance my feeling of mercy and compassion toward this poor man with my revulsion at the think of a leper colony only a mile distant . CUT to : 99 - int . steering house - sea grass - day the door of the steering house open . Nick and Elizabeth step inside . she walk to the front window and touch the shard of shattered glass with she finger as Nick check the glalss oy the wheel . nick every single gauge be break , all the glass shattered . . elizabeth remind you of something ? 7 nick what ? elizabeth you truck last night . nick yeah . Elizabeth walk over to a storage compartment door in the wall . nick the thermometer 's break . the mercury 's stick at twenty degree . Nick touch the wall of the steering house . nick ( cont 'd ) no water get in here , but something awful cold do . Elizabeth try the door knob on the storage compartment . it will not open . elizabeth what 's in here ? nick storage compartment . Elizabeth try again but the door will not open . 100 int . church study - day 10z 102 103 Kathy be completely engross in what Father malone be read . : father malone can not sleep . my mind be fill with the truth of the abominarion that myself and my conspirator plan . : April 1l . the 12 of we meet tonight . from midnight until one o'clock we plan the death of blake and his comrade . I tell myself that blake 's gold will allow the church to be build and we small settlement to become a township , but it do not soothe the horror that I feel be a accomplice to murder . CUT to : int . steering house - day Elizabeth pull at the storage compartment with all she might . suddenly the door swing open . tackle , pole , chart and other paraphernalia clatter to the flocr . she look up at Nick sheepishly . elizabeth I can not stand deor that will not open . ; Elizabeth bend down and gather up the debris . angle on bottom of storage compartment door a trickle of water seep out of the storage compartment . angle on elizabeth she stand up and move to the compartment . with she free hand she push a trunk we of the way . hanging there behind the truck , snag in tackle equipment , be be baxter , '' eye open and stare , mouth open , dead Elizabeth scream . ( cont 'd ) ~ 103 . 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 '' continued baxter slump , begin to slide and fall out on to the floor with a thump ! he lie there , dead eye stare up at the ceiling . CUT to : int . kab - top of lighthouse - day : Steve hurry around che station flipping on dial and push button . the machinery start to whir . steve * ( sing to hersel= ) it 's one hundred year today so please just go away I do not want to hear you say . . . close shot - steve as she read the meter and log they in she book , we see a faint glow on the side of she face . steve ( cont 'd ) happy birchday Antonio Bay . . she feel the glow and turn . angle on driftwood the piece of driftwood lie on a table . the inscription dane glow on and off almost like a neon sign close shot - steve she stare in disbelief . angle on driftwood the glow suddenly stop . close shot - steve after a beat she move slowly toward the drifcwood . angle on driftwood , all of a sudden the piece of wood glow with a not blt of 2 succen che piece of wood glow a new inscription : 7 12 must die 11 112 113 114 115 116 '' close shot - steve she scream . angle on driftwood the wood glow bright and then burst into flame ! angle on steve : she knock the driftwood on the floor , grab the fire extinguisher and open up with a blast of cq , . angle on driftwood - floor the c02 cover the ' driftwood . then , as the extinguisher fume dissipate we see that the driftwood be exactly as it be before , completely intact with dane etched on it . close shot - steve she begin to tremble . cur to : int . church study - day father malone April 12 . the deed be do . blake follow we false fire and he ship break apart on the rock off spivey Point . we be aid by a tmearthly fog that roll in as if Heaven send , although God have no part in we action tonight . blake 's gold will be recover tomorrow , but may the Lord forgive we for what we nave do . Father malone close the journal . there be 'a long silence . . sandy you grandfather have a way with word . . Kathy shoor a harsh glance at she . ( cont 'd ) 116 . continued father malone we celebration tonight be a travesty . we honor we founding father . . . we honor murderer ! cur to : 117 ° '' ext . ' isabell two - day we see the Sea grass recede from we as the isabell two pull away . camera move down to baxter 's sheet - cover body on the deck , then up to Elizabeth stare shakenly at the corpse . Nick be on the two - way radio . nick {into microphone ) no , no sign of the other two . right , iwill . I 2 5 out . he step ' back to the railing and stare at the Sea grass behind they . nick how do a man drow without ever touch the water ? ashcroft we do not know he drown . nick Water in he lung , trace of salt water around he mouth and seaweed on he clothes . what do that tell you ? ashcroft it tell I I want to find Al and Tommy real bad . nick yeah . Nick move over to Elizabeth and put he arm around she . 7 nick you okay ? ( cont 'd ) o. oe 117 . continued 118 int . elizabeth his mouth . . . be open like he be scream ... do you see he eye ? nick I see he eye . CUT to : church study - day Kathy hold the journal in she hand as Father malone pace restlessly . father malone I have be haunt for year by nightmare . not dream exactly . more like memory . . . of that might a hundred year ago , almost as if I inherite my grandfather 's memory . his black corruption be in my blood . . kathy I admit that this put a little different light on thing , but you be take this too far . we inherit nothing but a name from we ancestor . now I do not want this up in light on a marquee but I do not assume the blame . they want a town . you grandfather want a church . father malone they be leper ! sandy that be a little worse than if they be banker . kathy please , Sandy , you be not help we out here . ( look at Father malone ) where do you find this ? ( cont 'd ) 118 , ' continued Father malone point to the hole in the stone wall . father malone my grandfather try to hide he sin in the wall ... when be this ? father malone last night . : sandy what time ? father malone it be just after micaigar , what do it matter . suddenly a think strike Father malone . sandy the same time the rest of the town fall aparr . father malone and the same time the conspirator meet a hundred year ago . there be a silence . kathy ' well , it 's get late and there 's mothing we can do about this , absolutely nothing . now be you go to participate tonight , Father ? father malone this town have a curse on it . sandy do we take that as a ' no ' ? kathy ( to Sandy under she breath ) maybe it 's just as well . ( the Father malone ) we be leave . will you be all right , Father ? ( cont 'd ) 118 119 120 121 continued no reply . Father malone stand stare out of the window . kathy ( cont 'd ) I be go to call Doctor thayden and have he come over . Father , I really think that you be take this all too seriously . father we be all curse , Mrs. Williams . all of we ... . Kathy and Sandy jusc look at he for a moment , then at each other , and then the two woman quietly leave the church study . CUT to : int . steve's beach house - dusk the telephone ring in close foreground as mrs . kobritz , a woman in she fifty carry a grocery bag , come in the front door . mrs . kobritz Andy , the telephone . . Andy come run out of he bedroom . andy I get it , Mrs. kobritz . Andy pick up the phone . andy ( cont 'd ) hello . int . kab - top of lighthouse - dusk Steve be on the phone to she son . she be shake . steve Andy , where do you get thac piece of driftwood ? tntercut phone conversation andy I tell you , mom . it be on the beach this morning . ( cont 'd ) * 121 ° continued steve po , where ? andy by the rock . Steve glance over at the driftwood lie on a table a few foot from she . 's what be it do ? andy I already tell you , mom ... steve I know you already tell I , mom . tell I again ! andy first it be a gold coin and then it turn into the wood . i steve = : Andy , I want you to stay away from the rock ! do not pick up anything on the beach ! do you understand ? andy it do not belong to anybody ... ~ steve ae 7 I know . it 's all right , Andy , but I just do not want you to pick up anything else tmless you come and get I first . okay ? andy okay . steve be Mrs , kobritz there ? andy she just come in , Steve calm down a bit . gr , steve : alright . I have get to start the broadcast now . promise I , Andy , you will not leave the house tonight . ( cont 'd ) 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 _ continued andy aw mom . steve promise I . andy okay . steve TI love you , Andy . andy I too , mom . bye . angle on steve she hang up the phone and look across the room . angle on driftwood the piece of wood lie on the table . angle on steve she almost can not take she eye off of it . then she glance at the wall . angle on clock ' it be 6:00 . angle on steve she flip a switch in frone of she and speak into the microphone . ( into microphone ) ahoy , maty , this be Steve Wayne , you nightlight , and kab , Antonio Bay , California , be on the air . int . steve's beach house camera pull back from a radio to reveal Andy stand in front of the picture window look out atc the beach . Mrs. kobritz be in the kitchen prepare dinner . , ( cont 'd ) 127 , continued 128 129 130 steve ( cont 'd ) ( over radio ) I have line up some tune to help z3e celebrate the one hundredth itthday of Antonio Bay tonight , so let 's ger down to business . the music start . mrs . kobritz . what do you mother want , Andy ? andy nothing . mrs . kobritz it must have be something . andy nothing . hey , Mrs. kobritz ? what be that cloud out there ? Mrs. kobritz walk to the picture window and look out . Pov - ocean ( effect ) the dusk sky be turn dark . the water be choppy . on the distant horizon , just barely visible , be a fog bank . angle on andy - mrs . kobritz , mrs . kobritz it 's not cloud , Andy . that 's just the fog roll in . Mrs. kobritz turn and walk back to the kitchen leave Andy stare across the ocean at the fog . cut to : ext . ANTONIO BAY square - night Young volunteer dress in sailor 's outfit pass out candle to the crowd of townspeople that fill the bleecher in the park , all of whom listen intently to the speech be make o.s. superimpose : night of the fog ( cont 'd ) of 130 ° 131 continued camera begins to move , along the bleecher , then up to the platform on which the mayor of Antonio Bay be make he speech . mayor - . . and some have say , " you can not survive in Antonio Bay without big business '' , and we have say to they , " we survive in amronio Bay because of the heart and soul of we peovle '' ! there be applause from the crowd , camera continue to move past the platform , down to street level , up to a small , quaint - look tavern with a sign above its doar : the elizabeth dane inn int . tavern - night a group stand around in a awkward silence : Nick , Elizabeth , asheroft , the sheriff of Antonio Bay , Sandy and finally Kathy , look shake . there be music from a radio in the background . sheriff Kathy , the Coast Guard 's be out for about half a hour . now they be gonma cover the area pretty good , so , ah , really all we can do be wait . kathy I understand . thank you , sheriff , sheriff I will be in constant contact with they cutter and I will keep you up - to-date . now be there anything else I can do for you . kathy no thank you . 's there be a roar of applause from outside . the sheriff move to the door . ' ( cont 'd ) ; continued sheriff I gotta go , I be up next . he walk out of the tavern . Sandy step up to Kathy and touch she arm . sandy I be so sorry , Mrs. Williams . kathy it 's fumny , Sandy , but the only thing I can think about be ny dog bark all night last night and I wishing ... ( she break down into tear ) . Al would come home . Sandy put she arm around Kathy . Kathy sob a moment , then break away and dry she eye with a handkerchief . katey ( cont 'd ) well , we can not have the chairwoman of the birthday celebration in tear . sandy I do not think you ought to go out there . kathy thank you , Sandy , but I think that 's exactly what I should do . she turn and look at Nick . rathy ( cont 'd ) I appreciate all you have do . nick yeah . . rathy and Sandy walk to the door and exit . Ashcroft go to the bar and order a beer from the bartender as Nick and Elizabeth sit at : a table . ( cont 'd ) 131 continued nick well , be you ready to go back up north now ? elizabeth Nick , what happen out there ? nick ; I do not know . . . something get into that steering house , blow out all the machinery and drop the temperature to twency degree . something dry and cold . . something that drown Dick baxter and shove he in the storage compartment and take Al Williams and Tommy wallace off the face of the earth . the music end over the radio . steve ( over radio ) happy one hundredth , Antonio Bay . the Coast Guard just drop I a mote say they have find the Sea grass earlier this afternoon but there 's no further word as to the condition of the ship or the man en board , I will keep you post as the news come in to I . hope no one else get lose out there in the fog . Nick react to she word as music begin again . he get up from the table . nick I will be right back . he walk over to a pay telephone in the rear of the tavern . cui to : 132 , 133 134 135 136 '' int . kab - top of ligethouse - night the phone ring and Steve pick it up . steve hello , kab . int . tavern nick hello . my name be Nick Castle . you do not know I . I be one of the man who find che Sea grass this afternoon . intercut phone conversation as Steve talk she stare at the piece of driftwood on the table nearby . steve I really do not have any further word on the . nick no , I be not call about that , it 's , m@8b , what you just say over the radio , about the fog . CUT to : ext . coast line - night ( effect ) the screen be in total darkness for a moment , and then the coast line be illuminared faintly by a pale , unearthly glow . suddenly the fog drift into frame , move toward the beach , glowing eerily in the darkness . CUT to : intercut phone conversation - steve - nick steve this be go to sound a lictle strange . ( cont 'd ) 136 . 137 138 '' continued nick what be ? steve I see the fog last night , out on the ocean in the distance . ( she pause , search for a way to say it ) ie be . . . glow . . CUT to : ext . wood - night ( effect ) the glowing , phorescent fog move rapidly through the wood . CUT to : intercut phone conversation - steve - nick steve . . and I talk to the weather station and , well , what seem to be happen be that the wind be blow east and the fog just keep move west . I know that sound completely erazy . . nick no , right now it do not . steve I have get phone call all day . something happen last night . horn go off , light blow out , . tire go flat ... at the same time that fog be roll in this town start to come unglue . CUT to : ae 139 140 141 ext . road - wood - night ( effect ) the glowing fog move out of the wood toward a lonely road . we see headlight in the distamce as a car approach down the road . the fog move closer and closer , down into the shoulder and slowly up toward che asphalt . but the car whizhes by before the fog seep up on to the surface of the road . int . car - night - Dan o'bannon , the weatherman from the coasc Guard . weather station , drive along , oblivious to he close call . he listen to the radio . steve {over radio ) I have get some more birthday music and a few other surprise , and then I will be ready to check in with the weatherman . the music begin . o'bannon grin at the radio . o' bannon and the weatherman will .be ready to check in with you ! cuT to : intercut phone conversation - steve - nick Steve turn from the microphone and pick up the telephone . steve hello . nick still here . steve : listen , there 's one other thing . in may have nothing to do with the Sea grass but ... nick anything . 7 ( cont 'd ) 141 142 continued steve my son find a piece of driftwood this morning ... cur to : int . weather station - night mel sloan , a weatherman , turn around from he bank of machinery as o'bannon step in the door . music play from a radio in the background . o' bannon how 's it go , mel ? sloan you girlfriend on the radio 's be talk about you . o * bannon I come in tonight just to keep she happy . sloan get up and put on he coat as o'bannon take over he place at the machine . sloan yeah . I think you be off tonight . o' bannon I love my job . sloan step to the door . sloan yeah , well you can tell she all about that big mother fogbank move in southeast there . o' bannon ( look at the radar screen ) where ? sloan you find it . I be on my way . see you tomorrow . - ( cont 'd ) ~ 142 . 143 144 145 continued o' bannon ( still search the scope ) see you . . ( see it ) aha , there you be ! CUT to : ext . hillside - night ( effect ) we be on top of a small hillside look down into some tree which glow radiantly , fill with fog . suddenly over the edge of the hill the lead edge of the fog creep like vaporous finger . CUT to : int . tavern - night Nick return from the phone . nick I be make a trip out to the lighthouse on spivey Point . you want to come ? CUT to : ext . square - speaker' platform - night Kathy be in the middle of she speech . she be manage to hold herself together . kathy . . .and all of we live here in Antonio Bay today owe a great debt of gratitude to that man and woman a hundred year ago who struggle and fight and sacrifice to make this town grow and prosper into what it be today . applause from the crowd . below the speaker 's platform we see Nick and Elizabeth slip out of the tavern , jump into Nick 's tzuck and pull away from the square . CUT to : 146° 148 149 150 int . kab - top of lighthouse - night the phone ring . Steve pick it up . steve hello , kab , 147 int . weather station o* bannon how be you , sweetheart ? intercut phone conversation . steve I think you be celebrate . o' bannon just could not spend a evening without you . steve I be up in about thirty second . what 's new ? o' bannon another fogbank . a look of alarm come over Steve 's face . steve where ? o'bannon : come in off the ocean from the southeast . it 's move inland now . should be right here at the weather station in about five , ten minute . cur to : ext . road - night ; Nick 's truck roar by down the lonely road . int . truck - night Nick and Elizabeth rumble along . the front window be completely go and the wind whip through . Elizabeth huddle close to Nick . ( cont 'd ) 151 152 154 continued steve ( over radio ) I have get a special weather bulletin , the Coast Guard weather station report a fogbank move southeast along the coast . both Nick and Elizabeth react . steve ( cont 'd ) . ( over radio ) for whoever 's interested , that 's the weather station out on old russellville Road . ext . road Nick 's truck pass a turnoff , screech to a stop , back up and turn on to the other road . CUT to : int . weather station - night o'bannon be still on the phone . o' bannon ( into phone ) hello ? int . kab - top of lighthouse - night Steve quickly flip a record on and pick up the receiver . steve Dan , you still there ? intercut phone conversation o’ bannon still here . you sound different tonight , sort of intense . steve . Z just feel like talk , that 's a . ( cont 'd ) 154 . 55 156 157 '' continued o' bannon you tell I the other day you do not like talk on the phone cause you say you talk all day on the radio . steve Dan , where 's the fog now ? Dan glance at he radar scope . dan I should be able to see it from my front door . Steve think to herself a momen- . steve wait a minute , Dan , I be go to try something . hold on . Steve get up and go to the window , the phone in she hand , she flick a light switch and the station light go out , leave only the eerie glow of the machine . Steve stare out of the window . steve's Pov - coast ( effect ) in the moonlight we can see way up the coast , past beach house and hillside . there in the distance be the faint pulsing glow of the fog ! angle on steve she put the receiver to she ear . steve I can see itl int . weather station o' bannon what 's the big deal ?. lf you have see fog once , you have see it for life . as he talk we see a window behind o'bannon in the background . thin wisp of fog curl up outside the pane of glass . 158 159 160 161 int . kab - top of lighthouse steve there 's something different about this fog , Dan . ir ... it glow . can you see anything yet ? int . weather station the fog completely cover the window behind o'bannon : o' bannon glow ? oh , I get it . you take something to keep you oing , right ? ger you a ittle weird sometimes ? suddenly the light in the weather station go out . o’bannon ( cont 'd ) hey . steve : ( over telephone ) what ? o' bannon stare at the machinery . o' bannon the light go out and everything 's sear go crazy ! my compass be spin and .. . @@@@ the ; temperature 's drop ! the window behind o'bannon glow a ghostly weite , gasting a dull pale light in the statz o'bannon ( cont 'd ) what the hell be that ? - int . kab - top of lighthouse Steve continue to stare out the window . steve . what be it ? what 's happen ? steve's Pov - coast ( effect ) in the distance the fog pulse on and off . 162 angle on steve steve ( cont 'd ) Dan , what be it ? 163 int . weather station o' bannon somebody 's shine a light outside the window . steve ( over telephone ) Dan , listen to I ... ; o'bannon I be gonna check this out . hold on , sweetheart . o'bannon put down the phone and scand up . camera move in to the receiver and we hear Steve on the other end . steve ( over telephone ) Dan ... Dan ! . 164 int . kab ~- top of lighthouse steve please , stay on the phone ! Dan ... 165 int . weather station the window continue to glow . o' bannon slowly move across the room toward it . suddenly there be a loud , slow rhythmic pounding on the iront door . 166 angle on o'bannon he stop cold , stare at the front door . the pounding continue , slow and steady . o'bannon come on . . . this have gotta be ajoke ... . 167 168 169 170 171 172 angle on door more pounding . and at the bottom of the door , through the crack , we see a pale glowing . int . kab - top of lighthouse Steve can hear the pounding over the receiver . int . weather station / o'bannon turn back to the receiver behind he . o' bannon ( shout ) someone at the front door , sweetheart , play a stupid joke . eee start toward the door , camera moving back with o'bannon ( cont 'd ) and whoever it be be not gonna like find I home . Pov - door camera move toward the door . the pounding continue , the glow under the door brighter ! tnt . kab - top of lighthouse steve oshout into telephone ) Dan , stay away from the door ! int . weather station o'bannon grab the doorknob and pull the door open . there be nothing there except a solid wall of pale , glowing foc . o'bannon peer out into it . ' bann hello ? a i silence . , ( cont 'd ) vl 172 173 174 175 176 continued o'bannon ( cont 'd ) someone there ? again silence . low angle from outside door with he hand still on the doorknob in foreground , o’bannon turn back and shour at the phone . __ o' bannon ( shout ) I think some asshole get drunk and start take this hundred year business a little too seriously . suddenly a black , slime - cover hand reach into frame and grab o'bannon 's arm . o'bannon jump and turn around . his eye widen in horror _ at what he see . he open he mouth and scream ! int . kab - top of lighthouse Steve hear o '’bannon 's piercing scream over the receiver . steve ( scream ) dan ! int . weather station - wide shot - door fog fill up the weather station . the doorway be totally obscure . we can only hear o'bannon 's scream . then from outside the door the fog glow brightly , and backlit we see two figure struggle in the doorway . a huge black shave lift o'bannon off the floor like a rag doll . int . kab - top of lighthouse Steve listen in horror over the phone , ( cont 'd ) wt 176 . 177 178 continued then a cacaphony of shatter CLASS , as if every piece of glass in the station break at the same time ! then suddenly dead silence . Steve listen . nothing . steve ( weakly ) Dan . : int . weather station - angle on window through the break window we see the fog slowly drift . down and disappear below the bottom sill . camera pull back to reveal the room . the fog be go . the station be clear , dark and quiet . through the front door we see two headlight appear in the distance and grow larger and larger until they stop right in front of the door . the truck door slam and then Nick and Elizabeth appear 7 the door . Nick click on a flashlight and they step mside . : elizabeth the window be all break ! Nick rush over to the machine . nick look at this gauge ! the thermometer be stick at twenty degree ! Nick see the phone receiver and pick it up . nick ( into phone ) hello ? int . rab - top of lighthouse Steve slowly hang up the phone . she stand for a moment by the window , then look out again . 179 . 180 181 182 steve's Pov - coast ( effect ) the fog have disappear . angle on steve she flip on the light and hurry over to the microphone . she flip a switch . steve sorry to interrupt the music , but I have a urgent . bulletin . will sheriff David simm please contact kab Radio immediately ? the number be 557-2131 . this be a emergency ! we see a red light flash on the telephone , but Steve do not . CUT to : int . weather station - night Nick wait on the phone as it ring distantly . finally he hang up . nick no answer . maybe she 's on the air . he look at Elizabeth . wick ( cont 'd ) come on . they walk out of the station back to the truck . CcuUT to : ext . ANTONIO BAY square - speaker' platform - night as Kathy continue she speech we see the bartender from the tavern step up on the speaker 's plat Zom and whisper something in the sheriff 's ear . kathy . . . and all of we need to redouble we effort and work together . we have a vital , thriving commmity and I say we have get to keep it that wayl ( cont 'd ) 182 183 1384 185 186 187 continued as che crowd applaud she the sheriff excuse himself | and leave the platform . CUT to : ext . telephone pole - night ( effect ) low angle look up a telephone pole . there be a glow on the pole and then we see the fog slowly creep up it , move toward the mass of wire at the top .. CUT to : int . tavern - night the sheriff walk through the front door and head for the pay phone at the rear of the tavern . he lift the receiver and insert a dime . cuT to : ext . angle at top of telephone pole ( effect ) the fog envelope the top of the telephone pole . a wispy finger of mist curl around a cluster of wire . cur to : int . kab - top of lighthouse the phone ring and Steve instantly pick it up . steve hello , kab . CUT to : ext . angle at top of telephone pole ( effect ) the wire have turn white , frost over by the cold fog . one by one the wire begin to SNAP ! CUT to : 188 189 190 191 192 int . tavern the sherif= punch the receiver cradle . sheriff hello . . . hello ? CUT to : int . kab - top of lighthouse Steve jiggle the phone cradle . : steve sheriff simm ... ? she press the cradle down , try to get a dial tone . nothing . the phone be dead . cur to : ext . ANTONIO BAY power station - night ( effect ) the thrumm of turbine and generator come from a huge , concrete and steel building . a light sign in front of the building read : ANTONIO BAY power station 2 # California Edison slowly the fog rise up over the sien and envelop it . cur to : ext . road - night Nick 's truck roar by camera . int . truck ~ night Nick and Elizabeth listen to Steve on the radio . steve ( over radio ) . and there 's a problem with the telephone here , so . I be go to stay on the air and just hope that someone 's listen . cur to : 193 ° int . kab - top of lighthouse - night steve ( into microphone ) there 's a emergency situation in Antonio Bay . will someone from the sheriff 's department immediately get to the Coast Guard weather station out on the old russellville Road . there be a possibility that someone be injure or . dead . cur to : 194 int . ANTONIO BAY power station ~ low angle - night ( effect we be low to the floor by the door of the power station . in the background be the huge machine thrumming with powez , the foe creep under the door and drift across the eloort towaza the machine cur to : 195 ext . ANTONIO BAY square - speaker' platform - night kathy . . . and as we make we way across the park for the unveil of the statue , I think we should all keep in mind the significance of this night for every citizen of Antonio Bay . the crowd in the bleecher light up they candle . CUT to : - 196 int . power station - angle on generator ( effect ) the fog envelop a huge generator . a wisp eurl sharply into the spin turbine . oer the screen go white as the generator short cuT to : 197 198 199 int . kab - °op of lighthouse - night all the light file - +er and dim . the machine drone to a stop . Steve look at she dial . ' ivy be dead . CUT to : ext . ANTONIO BAY square - night all the light in the tavern , surround building , streetlight , everything be cut . there be a flicker glow from the fifty or so candle . Kathy , the mayor and the other dignitary be confuse . kathy ( into she mike ) we should all proceed . she realize it do not work so she step to the edge of the platform . kathy ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) we should all proceed over to the statue . single file . please , do not push . take you time . the crowd start filing out of the bleecher . the mayor step up next to Kathy . mayor I would say a auspicious moment for a power failure . cur to : int . kab - top of lighthouse Steve yank at the cord of she auxiliary generator . it sputter a couple rime but do not turn over . she yank again . a few more spuiter . ; Steve stand up to marshall she strength and see something out the window . she step close to the glass . 200 . 201 202 203 steve's pcv - coast - beach house ( effect ) the fog be 2 huge glowing ass that move down the coast tt be gigantic , pulsating with life , spread across the beach . angle on steve : she stare in horror , and then a realization hit she . steve andy ! CUT to : int . steve's beach house - night all the light be out . Mrs. kobritz have light some candle , she and Andy sit in the front room by the window . andy why do the light go out ? mrs . kobritz there ' 's no need to worry , Andy . they will be back on in no time . andy I think it 's kind of neat . suddenly there be a faint glowing from the window . Mrs. kobritz stand up and look out . mrs . kobritz well , now , what 's this ? cuUT to : int . kab - top of lighthouse Steve punch the elevator button madly . it , along with the other machine , be dead , she race to the stairwell door and open it , throw back the huge bolt , then stop , she rush back to the window . 204 205 206 207 208 steve's Pov - coast - beach house ( effect ) it be too late for she to get to the beach house . the fog be move right up on the cluster of house , start to énveiop they ! angle on steve she realize it . frantically she pull at the generator cord again and again with all she strength . the generator sputter and purr but do not turn over . cuT to : int . steve's beach house - night Mrs. kobritz and Andy stand at the window look out , they face illuminate by the pale glow of the approach fog . andy what be it ? mrs . kobritz look like . . . fog . it 's move right past Mrs. Oliver 's house . . . come right this way ... ext . beach rouse - night low angle look up at the beach house from the sand . we see Mrs. kobritz and Andy stand at the window . move pest camera low to she beach be she lead CUT to : int . kab - top of lighthouse in a frenzy Steve pull on the generator cord . steve please ... please ... suddenly the generator sputter to life , humming steadily . the light in the station fade on ! 7 Steve rush to the microphone and flip it on . ( cont 'd ) 209 210 211 C 208° continued steve ( late microphone ) Andy , get we of the house ! run ! Mrs. kobritz , get he out of the house ! CUT to : int . steve's beach house the tadio , like the light , be dead . Mrs. kobrirz and Andy stand be the window . mrs . kobritz I chink maybe we would better close all the window , Andy . be you bedroom window close ? andy I will go see . Andy turn from the window and run into he bedroom . qutside the window the fog start to seep across the eee sis ee se oe eee ee pe pee sess a glass . cuT to : int . kab - top of lighthouse steve ( into microphone ) Andy ger out ! run ! please , someone , my son be trap ! 6887 White Beach Lane ! CUT to : int . truck - night : Nick and Elizabeth listen to Steve 's voice on the radio . steve ( cont 'd ) ( over radio ) my son be trap by . the fog ! 387 White Beach Lane ! please help he ! Elizabeth point . ( cont 'd ) 211 212 213 214 continued elizabeth there ic be ! Pov thru OPEN truck window a street sign at the intersection ahead be light by the truck headlight : white beach lane ext . intersection - night the truck screech a hard turn down White Beach Lane . : CUT to : int . steve's beach house - night Andy return from he bedroom to find the entire window cover and glowing with the fog . andy wow , lookit that ! mrs . kobritz be all you window close ? andy yes m'am . Mrs. kobritz turn away from the window for a moment . mrs . kobritz I wonder about you mother 's bedroom . guddenly a black human-like shape backlit by the glowing og walk by the window benind she . she do not see it but Andy do . andy Mrs , kobritz . mrs . kobritz I be sure I close they , but E would better make sure . ( cont 'd ) 214 215 216 217 continued Mrs. kobritz start toward the bedroom . andy there 's somebody outside . I just see he walk by the window . there be a pounding at the front door , a slow steady knocking . CUT to : ext . white beach lane - night Nick 's truck blast down White Beach Lane at full speed . cur to : int . steve's beach house Mrs. kobritz hesitates by the door . the pounding continue . mrs . kobritz Andy , I want you to go to you room . andy I think I should stay . mrs . kobrit2 right now . andy yes m'an . Andy start slowly for he room , but slow to a stop by the doorway . Mrs. kobritz open the front door . there be nothing ee except a wall of fog that slowly seep into the louse , angle from bedroom door - andy - mrs . kobritz 's we see Andy in foreground , Mrs. kobritz across the room by the front door . she turn around and see he poise by he bedroom door . ( cont 'd ) on 217° continued mrs . kobritz Andy , go to yourroom ! Andy do not turn around . andy I want to see who it be . Mrs. kobritz , look at Andy , do not see the dzinve , shape that step into che doorway and grab she irom '' one hand cover she mouth ? Andy do not turn around and do not hear the death struggle behind he . andy ( cont 'd ) can not I just stay for two second , Mrs. kobritz ? Mrs. kobritz be lift off the floor by the thing ! Andy shrug and step into he bedroom . andy ( cont 'd ) okay , okay , I be go . he close the door behind he . cur to : ext . rear of beach house - night Nick 's truck screech to a stop at the rear of the beach house . Nick jump out . nick get ' behind the wheel ! keep the engine run ! Elizabeth slide over in the driver 's seat as Nick race toward the beach house . the entire front side of the house be envelop by the glowing fog . it have start seeping over the roof and around the side . ( cont 'd ) 218 221 222 223 224 225 226 continued Nick run up to a window and peer in . he move to another window , and then a third . angle on nick at window he look in . int . andy'' bedroom . Andy be sit on he bed , nstare at the glowing finger eer aeeee ooze paar he door . there be a pounding on angle on nick at window he break the glass with he elbow . angle on andy he stare at Nick , suddenly afraid . angle on nick at window the window be too high for Nick to crawl in . he reach he hand through the break glass to Andy . nick come on ! angle on andy - bedroom door Andy be too scared to move . andy Mrs. kobritz ! the pounding continue on the door behind he . angle on nick at window nick @atp , €ome on ! grab my hand ! angle on andy he look first at Nick , then be he bedroom door . ww a 227 . angle on door the edge of the door glow brightly . camera move in to the doorknob as it slowly start to turn : 228 angle on nick nick @@ew get out of there ! 229 angle on andy he leap off the bed and run to the window . 230 angle on door it slowly open . the black , drip , seaweed - cover thing step into the room . 231 angle on window Andy grasp Nick 's hand . Nick quickly pull he up througi the break glass . 232 ext . rear of beach house holding he in he arm Nick race back to the truck . 233 int . truck Nick and Andy jump in . nick go , go ! Elizabeth jam she foot down on the pedal . the truck rock forward and stop . 234 angle on wheel the wheel whine , spin and sink down into the soft sand under it . and then we see the fog move slowly up the sand , a few foot away from the rear of the truck . 235 int . truck Elizabeth frantically gun the truck . it rock back and forth , wheel whining . the =~. 234° 235 236 237 238 239 240 241 242 angle on wheel it sink deeper and deeper . the fog be inch away . int . truck - angle on nick & andy - passenger window thru che passenger window we see the fog move toward the fruck . it. slow and there be the human - ~ like thing angle on elizasetr she shove the truck into reverse . angle on wheel the wheel back out of its hole . angle on elizabeth she try to shove it into first . the gear grind . angle on nick & andy - passenger the thing be next to the truck , reach in at they ! angle on elizabeth she slam the shift into first . angle on rear of truck the truck roar away from camera off into the darkness , away from the fog . int . truck Elizabeth 's hand be shaking on the wheel as they hurtle back along White Beach Lane . Nick reach over Andy and put he arm around she . CUT to : i : / 243 ext . ANTONIO BAY square - park - night the candlelight procession move slowly through the park pasc che now un - veile statue of the Elizabeth dane depict crash on the rock . Kathy , Sandy and the mayor stand watch the crowd slowly move by as the sheriff walk up to they . sheriff I be sorry mayor , Mrs. Williams , but we be go to have to break this up . . kathy why ? sheriff the power should have be on by j ge now , Eddie 's get a portable radio in the tavern and we have be listen to Steve Wayne over at the lighthouse . she 's be broadcasting for the last twenty minute abour some kind of trouble down at the beach , something about she son , whatever it be , I think it 's bese that everybody go on home unrcil I can find ouc wnac 's go on . kathy ten minute and everybody will have see the statue . just ten minute . sheriff alright . let 's get them through and call it a night . ; the sheriff move to the procession and begin urging people to move faster . tne mayor turn to Kathy . mayor . I think ic might a good idea for you to go on home , Kathy . we can take care of thing here . rathy I should see it chrough to the end . : ( cont 'd ) 243 | 264 245 continued sandy Mrs. Williams , there 's nothing more to do here . right now I think you need to be at home . Kathy look at she a moment and then smile . kathy a little annoying , but you be right , Sandy . if areal I would like to go home . and I would like you to stay with I . sandy yes m'am . Kathy and Sandy turn away from the procession and walk across the park toward the silver cadillac . cut to : steve's Pov - coast - beach house ( effect ) the fog move away from the cluster of beach house , drift slowly inland . int . kab - top of lighthouse - night Steve stand at the window stare . she have unscrewe the microphone and hold it in she hand . steve ( into microphone ) Andy ... I do not even know if you can hear I . . I be sorry that I didn ! t come for you , that I wasn ' there . .. I have to stay '' here and try to reach someone and get someone to find you . and I oo know if they even hear . . I be go to stay here , andy . if you 'te safe then it 's all right , and if you be noc . I can see from up here , and maybe I can help ... I hope you understand . . . that I have get to stay here . ( cont 'd ) oe 2435 246 247 248 249 250 continued Steve lean she head against the glass and cry . slowly she lift she head again and look we . steve ( cont 'd ) ( into microphone ) the fog . . . be move inland , away from the beach , toward Antonio Bay . cur to : ext . STREET - night Nick 's truck hurtle along a street lead into town . int . truck - night Nick , Elizabeth and Andy listen to Steve on the radio . steve ( cont 'd ) ( over radio ) it 's just hit the outskirt of town . . . Broad Street . clay Street . . . now over to State Street . a nick that 's just up ahead . suddenly Elizabeth slam on the brake . Pov thru OPEN truck window just down the street the fog drift berween house . int . truck nick back up and take a leave ! ext . STREET the truck lurch backward , stop and careen off down a side street . CUT to : i 251 #j.int . kab - top of lighthouse - night steve ( cont 'd ) ( into microphone ) ie 's over by the armory . I can not - remember the street . highland ... no , I think it 's chestnut ... now it 's turn on to Main ... cut to : 252 ext . town STREET - night Kathy 's cadillac move along the darken street . 253 int . cadillac - night Sandy drive . Kathy sit stare out of the window . sandy feel like listen to some music ? kathy sure . Sandy click on the radio . steve ( cont 'd ) ( over radio ) ._. it 's move faster now . up Regent Avenue .. . to smallhouse Road . kathy what 's that ? sandy it 's Steve Wayne . steve ( cont 'd ) ( over radio ) now it 's spread out . up to the end of smallhouse . .. over to 10th Street . ww it 254 255 256 257 258 259 260 Pov thru windshield the dark streec suddenly glow at the other end . the fog. move sight toward the cadillac . int . cadillac kathy Sandy . Sandy brake to a stop . steve ( cont 'd ) - ( over radio ) it 's move down 10th Street . Pov thru windshield the fog get closer and closer to the cadillac . steve ( cont 'd ) ( over radio ) if you be on the south side of town go north ... stay away from the fog . int . cadillac : sandy what be she say ? kathy Sandy , back up ! . Pov thru windshield the fog be right om top of the cadillac . ext . CITY STREET the cadillac roar straight back , tire squealing , burn rubber , and fishtail a turn backward on to a side street . int . cadillac the two woman stare up the street in front of they . wt a 261 262 263 264 265 266 267 pov thru windshield another wall of glowing fog move out of the side street across from they , right toward che car . ext . CITY STREET the cadillac screech a turn back down the street . curt to : int . kab - top of lighthouse - night Steve continue at the window with the microphone . steve {into microphone ) the fog be sweeping inland now . . . almost like a wall across the east end of town . it seem to be slow down mow . . . not spread as fast ... settling in ... there be a clanking sound from somewhere down below . aceve turn around and glance over at the elevator or . at the same time we hear the SOUND of ihe elevator Steve quickly open a glass door and step out on to the railing . she lean over and look down . steve's Pov - down lighthouse the fog have completely surround the lighthouse at the bottom . int . kab - top of lighthouse Steve jumo back inside and close the door . she race over to the elevator door . angle down elevator shaft the elevator slowly rise toward the top of the lighthouse . angle on steve ie she step around the side of the elevator door and open the engine case . ( cont 'd ) 267 268 269 270 271 272 273 continued then she grab a casette recorder , stand back and throw it into the engine . the engine whine , shower spark out into the room , and then suddenly die . angle down elevator shaft the elevator stop . angle on steve she rush to the stairwell door and open it . from way below be the SOUND of footstep on the metal stairwell . angle on staitrwell two blacken foot , lace with seaweed and drip with Water , move slowly uo the stairwell . angle on steve she slam the stairwell door shut and bolt it . then she go back to the window and pick up the microphone . steve ( into microphone ) the fog have surround the lighthouse here at spivey Point . CUT to : int . cadillac - Pov thru windshield - night through the windshield of the cadillac we move up che small driveway toward the church , then around the side past the cemetary to the rear . park by the rear door be the truck . Nick , Elizabeth and Andy be just get out . ; ext . rear of church - night the cadillac screech to a stop . Kathy and Sandy get we and huddle with Nick , Elizabeth and Andy in the beam of the headlight . ( cont 'd ) 273 - 274 276 continued kathy Te cur we off ! nick where be it ? kathy right behind we , come up the drive ! nick Inside ! they run to the rear door . int . church - night the church be dark , lic only by the flicker candle on the altar . Father malone stand stare out one of the front window hold a almost empty bottle of liquor as they rush inside . Nick slam the door and eae ee the group move over to Father malone at the kathy Father malone ... nick can you see it ? father malone there . . Pov thru church window ( effect ) the glowing fog be a long , solid mass . move up the hill toward the church . int . church nick be there a basement or cellar in here ? father malone we can not hide from it . no matter where we go it will find we . kathy we have to try ! Andy peer out the window . ( cont 'd ) os 276 277 278 279 280 continued andy look ! there 's some people out there ! Pov thru church window ( effect ) as the fog glow we see ten of they spread out in a = slow -move line , the ghost of the Elizabeth dane march coward ' the church . int . church elizabeth they be not people ... nick we can not stand here , Father ! kathy there 's a study in the back with only one door . I '11 show you the way . the group start toward the rear of the church . Father malone remain at the window stare out in fascination . Nick curm and rush back to he . he grab the priest , take the bottle out of he hand and pull he along with the other . nick come on , Father . Nick hurl the bottle . angle on wall - floor the bottle smashes against the stone wall . the liquor run down the wall , camera following it to the Journal of Father Patrick malone lie on the floor . int . church study - night they move inside . Nick secure the door . Sandy look out the rear window . . sandy they be in back !- wu 281° * 282 Pov thru study window ( effect ) the fog have completely surround the church . five ghost move slowly toward the rear . CUT to : int . kab - top of lighthouse - night the fog seep over the bottom sill of one of the tighthouse window . ic hover outside tne glass . steve ( into microphone ) it 's reach the window now . . cur to : 283 int . church study - night fatrer malone blake and he man have come for we . it 's we day of judgement . nick what be you talk about ? who 's blake ? kathy it 's in the journal . father malone we be curse , all of we here . nick what journal ? rathy look around the room . kathy where be it ? ; Father malone almost have a smile on he face as he point to the door to the sanctuary . father malone it 's in there . : CUT to : 284 . 285 286 int . kab - top of lighthouse - night steve ( into microphone ) the top of the lighthouse be cover with fog ... then there be a pounding be the stairwell door and a glowing under the crack . steve ( cont 'd ) someone 's at the stairwell door . ... : CUT . to : int . church - night through the front window we see the glowing fog and the black shape come right up to the church . ' gamera pan down to the journal lie on the floor . int . church study the door to the sanctuary be open . Nick stand there peer into the candlelit sanctuary . nick by che window . father malone it can do we no good now . nick it 's all we have get ! Nick step into the sanctuary . Elizabeth move to the door . elizabeth Nick ! nick if anything happen shut the door and lock it ! : 4 4 287 288 289 290 int . church Nick rush through the darkness , past the candlelit altar , up to the front of the church . he move along the wall and duck under the window . he pick up the journal . suddenly the window above he shatter and a black , Nick roll away from the window , jump to he foot and run back toward the study door . as Nick move past the rear door blast open . a thing step through , reach for Nick ! he duck we or its Way , overturn a pew between chem and race back to the study door . it slam shut behind he ! cur to : int . kab - top of lighthouse ~- night the upper hinge on the stairwell door break from its molding . the door buckle in , still hold by the lower hinge . Steve stand helpless in the middle of the room as the thing on the other side of the door pound away at it ! CUT to : int . church - night smash ! another window in the front of the church shatter ! a dark shape crawl through the break glass ! int . church study the other react to the shatter of glass in the sanctuary as Nick look up from the journal . nick it be on the driftwood ! " twelve must die " . he look at Elizabeth . elizabeth Three man on the Sea grass . ( cont 'd ) at 290 ° continued Kathy look at Zlizabeth . kathy ( quiecly ) Al 's dead , be not he ? Sandy step next to Kathy and put she arm around she . nick the weatherman be four . . andy Mrs. kobritz ... nick five. father malone there be a young woman who light the bonfire at spivey Point . nick Steve at the lighthouse . Andy look up at he . andy my mom ! Elizabeth lean down to he . elizabeth it 's go to be all right , Andy . nick that 's six . kathy and the six of we make twelve ! father malone they come back for the twelve original conspirator , and we be go tc die in they . place . suddenly the rear window of rhe study shaiter ! a shape start through into the room ! ( cont 'd ) 290 continued Nick grab a filing cabinet end shovex it up into the : window . Sandy and Elizabeth help he hold it there as the thing on the other side claw against it , try to get in . . Kathy pick up the journal . more window shatter in the church . kathy wait a minute ! listen to this ! : ( read from the journal ) '' be it possible to raise the dead I would return blake 's fortune to he , almost intact save the money spend on this stone wall that hide it . " Father malone take the journal from she and read . kathy ( cont ! D ) they do not use all the money ! they build the church and hide the rest of it ! father malone " my fellow conspirator believe that the confiscate fortume have be steal from they , when ' in fact I be the thief and God 's temple be the tomb of gold . " Father malone drop the journal and rush to the hole in the wall . he grasp the slab below and pull . '' the slab move ! father malone ( cont 'd ) help I ! Kathy rush over . together they pull at the stone slab . it finally give way and fall to the floor . in the large open behind the slab be a huge wooden . chest ! qr to : 291 . 292 293 294 int . kab - top of lighthouse - night Steve shove a table up against the buckle stairwell door . suddenly a hand reach through the space between the door aod the wall ana grab she aru ! Steve struggle , the claw hand ripping she blouse . she pull '' ree , stagger backward . the table move and the stairwell door rip off its remain hinge . the thing step into the room ! Steve race to the window , open the glass deer and step out on to the railing . angle on steve - railing she be cover with fog . she move down the railing around the outside of the lighthouse . steve's Pov - room - thing - moving shot Inside she see the thing walk across the room to the giass door after she ! cut to : int . church study - night SNAP ! the top of the chest swing open revealing thousand of gold coin . suddenly the filing cabinet surge backward . a ghostl hand thrust in and grab Sandy 's hairl she scream t start to pull she througal Nick , Elizabeth and Kathy beat at the hand but it have she . the hand pull Sandy up between the cabinet and the window sill . Nick nold on to ner leg . Father malone drag the chest to the door , father malone I can stop they ! he quickly unlock the door and open it . the other struggle at the window with Sandy and do not see he . he push the chest through the door and step out . ( cont 'd ) 294 - 295 295 296 " 297 298 299 continued but Andy see he end rush to the door . ; andy do not go out there ! Father malone close the door behind he . Andy grab the doorknob and try to open it . int . church Father malone hold the door shut . he look out into the church sanctuary . . pov - church sanctuary it be fill with fog . as the fog glow we see the ghost move slowly toward we . angle on father malone father malone blake ! take back you gold ! with he foot he give the chest a push . Pov - church sanctuary the chest slide out into the sanctuary , tipping over , spilling gold coin across the floor . the ghost suddenly stop , except for one who walk up to the chest . in the light from the candle - we can not see he feature septal except for two , blood -re burn eye . it be e. rt . angle on father malone father malone blake . Father malone release he hold on the door and rush forward into the sanctuary . the door open and Andy step out . andy Father malone ! angle on altar - blake - malone Father malone run up to blake . ( cont 'd ) 299 300 301 302 303 304 305 continued father malone it be my grandiacher who steal you forzune ! ir 's I who mst ' answer for he ! take I , blake ! take I for the twelve ! blake aaa at he with glow red eye . then suddenl cab Father malone around the neck eck and tit be oz= he foot . angle on candle - robe Father malone 's robe droops down into the burn | candle . it catch fire ! angle on malone a flame shoot up Father malone 's back . angle on blaxt' arm and up across blake 's arml two shot - blake & malone they burst into flame ! there be a sudden hollow metallic scream and the sanctuary oes white with 2 sudden explosion int . church study smoke billow suddenly Nick hand be go . inte the study . pull Sandy back through the window . the - elizabeth Andy ! they rush out into the sanctuary . int. , church Andy stand there as the other come up . andy it go away . 306 . 307 308 309 - 310 ' Pov - sanctuary camera pan the sanctuary . the fog , the ghost , and the gold aze go ! only Father malone 's char body remain . : CUT to : int . kab - top of lighthouse - night : Sea 's pod cuo0 tg rekhgs , cn she sell sigh , there be complete silence . 7 cur to : ext . rear of church - night Nick , Elizabeth and Andy , and Kathy and Sandy step out of the church . they look out over the town . Pov - ANTONIO BAY ( effect ) Antonio Bay be clear and quiet . ext . rear of church Kathy go over to she car and turn on the radio . we hear Steve 's voice . steve . ( ever radio ) . . . and I can see car headlight move on thestreet again . lock like the power 's on again from Main Street to the scottsville Road ... Nick bend down to Andy . nick let 's go over and see you mom , okay ? andy okay . cur to : 311 '' int . rab - top of lighthouse - night De Steve be ac the window with the microphone . steve ( into microphone ) I do not think any of we know 7 . exactly what happen to we town , , ronight . something come out of the fog and try to destroy we . in one moment it vanish , but if this have be anything but a nightmare , and all of we do not wake up to , find ourselves safely asleep in we bed , it could come again . to the ship at sea who can hear my voice , look into the darkness across the water . look for the fog . fade out .