shifty written by eran creevy 1 int . coach / motorway . morning a large empty coach , all dull beige seat and wood veneer , make its way along a stretch of motorway . 2 int . coach / motorway . morning at the back of the coach we see a lone passenger . his eye close , head drooped . suddenly he raise a hand and rub the bridge of he nose . it 's no use , Chris , 25 , can not sleep . he pull up a set of head phone , put they on , and press play on he mp3 . 3 int . coach . morning Long shot from the front of the coach , the driver 's gruff face to the leave , empty seat filter away from camera , Chris ' head peak above a back seat . we hear the music from he mp3 begin to play . it 's Noel mckoy 's " brighter Day " , a northern soul track that 's reminiscent of motown and comparable to the vocal sound of marvin gaye . the track will play over the follow open scene , the credit fade subtly in and out in white text . 4 ext . STREET . morning we follow from behind as a hood character walk with intent through dudlowe : a sprawling new town build in the fifty to house the east end after the second World War . CUT to : we reveal shifty , 25 , pakistani , as he make he way through that morning street . he blow on he hand to warm they up . shifty suddenly he duck down and nip through a open in a fence , make a short cut . 5 int . trevor house / bathroom . morning Bird 's eye view on trevor perry , average look , thickset , pallid skin , lie beneath the surface of the bath water , hold he nose . side angle on bath : trevor rise , not gasping for AIR , just calm , unnatural almost . snot run from he nostril . 2 . 6 int . coach . morning . Chris stare out of the window . the music still play on he mp3 . the coach make a sharp leave turn , the camera just catch a glimpse of the sign : dudlowe new town . 7 int . glen' council flat . morning Glen , a severe almost cruel face , empty 's about a kilo of cocaine onto a clean glass table . 8 int . trevor' house / kitchen . morning jasmine , 25 , pretty with out make up , dress in a white dress gown , prepare breakfast . 9 ext . dudlowe STREET . morning shifty make he way across a patch of waste land , jump over a fence at the end . 10 int . trevor' house / kitchen . morning suddenly jasmine lurch toward the sink and vomit . 11 int . trevor' house / bedroom . early morning in a agreeably decorate bedroom trevor dress for work . he climb into he thick check shirt and jeans , no real enthusiasm - life seem to hold no motivation . 12 int . coach . morning Chris watch out the window as the coach pass the same strip of waste land shifty just walk across . 13 glen' council flat . morning Glen split the cocaine into two pile . 14 int . trevor' house / bedroom . morning trevor sit on the edge of the bed , stare at the floor . his mind be racing , think about the morning ahead of he . 3. 15 int . trevor' house / kitchen . morning jasmine wash away the sick with a jug of water . 16 ext . dudlowe STREET . morning the coach pull away to reveal Chris , he bag sling over he shoulder . a beat . he turn and walk off . 17 trevor' house / bathroom . morning trevor look at he self in the bathroom mirror , he rub he face , he seem a little more with it . 18 int . glen' council flat . morning Glen open a tub of glucose and empty a measure into one half of the cocaine . he mix it carefully . 19 ext . rez's house / back garden . morning shifty open a back gate and walk towards a house . 20 ext . dudlowe STREET . day Chris make he way through the street , bag sling over he shoulder . he look around at the old place . soaking it in . 21 int . glen' council flat . morning Glen take a spoon of cocaine from the unmix half and mix it with citric acid . he suck it up into a syringe . 22 ext . rez's house . morning shifty quietly open the back door to the house . 23 int . glen' council flat / bedroom . morning Glen carry the syringe to Loretta , pretty , but with bad facial burn on the side of she face . he inject the cocaine mix into she arm . she lay back on the bed , take on the rush . 4. 24 ext . dudlowe STREET . morning Chris walk along a residential road , in he hand a piece of paper with a scribble address . he find the right house . he stand there for a moment then hit stop on he mp3 . we soulful soundtrack come to a end . he pull down he head phone , walk to the door and knock gently . 25 int . rez's house / kitchen . morning shifty stand at the table sorting through letter . he hear the knock and walk to open it . he take off he jacket , put it on a hanger and open the front door to reveal Chris . shifty Fucking hell , man ... shifty can not help but smile . shifty ( cont 'd ) you be early ! CHRIS shifty . a smile creep across Chris ' face . shifty yes , rude boy . CHRIS you alright geezer . shifty I be sweet ... come in , man , come in . shifty and Chris embrace . CHRIS good to see you , mate . shifty good to see you too , geezer . 26 int . rez's house / bathroom . morning close on : water gushes from a tap . Chris stand splash he face from the sink . his bag perch on the cistern . he look at himself in the mirror . 5 . 27 int . rez's house / shifty' bedroom . early morning Chris walk into shifty 's bedroom . he put down he bag and pull on a fresh tee shirt . he look around at the room . New dvd player , lcd on the wall , a new game console , dvd 's , CD 's , lot of pristine trainer place perfectly side by side , book about business , book about film , a perfectly stack pile of mobile phone bill with the word " pay " scribe across they . a picture of Mohammed Ali next to a picture of Allah . he approach the window and look out at the morning sun rest over a dull , featureless dudlowe New - town . he stand , stare . 28 int . rez's house / kitchen . morning Chris walk into the kitchen to see shifty get breakfast ready . shifty turn to face he . shifty you alright son ? CHRIS yeah I just need to splash my face , freshen up a bit . shifty have you sleep ? CHRIS do I fuck . shifty mate , neither have I ... I just get back from some girl yard . CHRIS you get a bird ? shifty no , no ... just some fuck booty call . CHRIS what , break Glass arse ? shifty in case of emergency 's , man ... you know it . they both laugh . shifty lay sausage into a pan . CHRIS she fit ? shifty what ! 6. CHRIS she fit ? shifty yeah , she 's alright you know .... she 's get fuck massive Gary 's . Chris laugh . CHRIS you always love you titty , bruv . shifty you know that ! shifty lay sausage into a sizzling pan . shifty ( cont 'd ) mate , do you mind halal ? CHRIS no , no , that 's sweet mate , whatever . a beat . shifty be you on just one bus ? CHRIS yeah ... no sorry , two . I have to change at luton . shifty luton ! CHRIS yeah , man . shifty Fucking random . shifty cover the sausage with a lid . we hear someone move about upstairs . shifty quickly walk over to the freezer , open the door , reach into the back and pull out a large bag of sweet corn . shifty ( cont 'd ) I have get a few thing to do today geezer , you can stay here if you want , just chill out . he rummages about , and gradually , one by one , pull out tightly , cellophane - wrap bag of coke and crack . he place they in the pocket of he hood top . Chris watch shifty closely , but do not say anything . 7. shifty ( cont 'd ) or you can come with I ? CHRIS whatever . a beat . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) do you brother know you keep that there ? shifty shake he head . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) you not worried ? shifty mate , he do not eat vegetable . shifty walk past Chris and tap reassuringly he on the arm . we stay on CHRIS ' face , as he take it in . shifty ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) apart from in a pot noodle . 29 int . trevor' house / stairwell / kitchen . morning we follow trevor from behind as he descend the stair and walk into a large , smartly deck kitchen , a eight - year - old boy , freddie , circle the kitchen - table smash a darth vader into pass stool . Katie a three year old baby girl eat breakfast and jasmine beat egg in a bowl whilst talk on the phone . jasmine ( on phone ) ... she 's live like a drifter babe , I be tell you , she 's split ... sort of ... with stefan ... I know she do ... but she stay at Mike 's in the week , and then she 's back at stefan 's at the weekend ... with the kid ( to baby ) Katie , darling , stop bang you bowl ... trevor consider the bowl of cereal and fruit juice laid out for he . his stomach churn . cold sweat smother he brow . 8. jasmine ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) ... neither know about the other , and then she expect I ( she drop to a whisper ) to fuck cover for she ( normal volume ) stefan 's my mate for Christ 's sake , I be not get catch up in that whole mess ( to boy ) freddie , sit down and finish you breakfast ! this be too much for trevor . he turn and walk away from the table . jasmine ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) ... and she have a go at I for take on too much ( she laugh - then without look up ) Babe , I be cooking you some egg ... slam - the front door crash shut - he 's go - he breakfast untouched . jasmine ( cont 'd ) oh ... what ... nothing , trevor 's just walk out without touch he breakfast ... I do not know , I think so anyway ... 30 ext . driveway . morning silence . trevor soak it in - deep breath - panic subside . he approach he work van . " T. palmer - builder' merchant " inscribe on the side . he get in - suddenly he mobile ring - he answer . jasmine what 's the matter ? off screen Katie continue to bash she bowl on the tray . trevor nothing , I be fine . jasmine why do not you say good - bye ? trevor you be gassing away to nicola ... jasmine and why do not you touch you breakfast ? 9. trevor I be not hungry . off screen freddie yell . jasmine what 's the matter with you ? trevor I be fine . she run the tap , water gush on to the discard egg . jasmine where 's the grey suitcase ? trevor what ? I can not hear you babe . jasmine I want to start get stuff ready for next week - where 's the grey suitcase ? trevor I will find it when I get home . jasmine it 's all right babe I will get it . trevor jasmine , I will get it when I get home . jasmine Babe it 's fine , I will get it down . trevor ( stern ) i'll find the fucking thing when I get home . click ! he breathes in hard , take a moment to calm down and then start the engine . 31 int . trevor' house / front room . morning jasmine drop the phone by she side , shocked at trevor 's temperament , and watch through the front room window as he drive away . 10 . 32 int . shifty' house / kitchen . morning shifty 's lay out the breakfast . at that moment , rez , shifty 's brother , walk in . mid 30' , portly . he see Chris . rez ( pakistani - subtitled ) motherfucker , the return of the white man . Chris stand and go to embrace rez , but rez walk past and grab a glass of orange juice from the side . CHRIS how you do rez , good to see you , man ? rez I wonder why I could hear voice . I think he would bring home a rent boy again . shifty shut up you prick . rez ( to Chris ) you look like a rent boy . CHRIS what be you talk about ? point at Chris . rez that top cost more than my education . CHRIS my pants cost more than you education . rez ( sing ) cold blooded . shifty lay down three plate of breakfast . rez fake a heart attack . shifty ( pakistani ) soak it in fat boy . CHRIS I take it this do not happen often . 11 . rez you know what , I be emotional , where 's my camera , bring I my camera . Quick , man , quick . shifty yeah , fuck laugh it up . rez ( pakistani ) do not worry I will . shifty sit down and they begin they food . 33 ext . trevor be van . morning trevor sit at the wheel , park in a residential street . he dial a number on he mobile but get the follow message ( v.o. ) this number be currently unavailable please try agai ... he put down the phone , and sit there , wait , agitate . 34 int . rez's house / kitchen . morning . all three of they eat in silence . Chris ' eye dart occasionally to rez who pay no attention to anything but the food . there be a uncomfortable air in the room . 35 int . trevors' van . morning trevor do a line of cocaine of the tip of he car key . we see that he do not have a huge amount leave in he wrap . 36 int . rez's house / kitchen . morning shifty 's put away breakfast , Chris and rez sit at the table . rez stab away with a tooth pick measure up Chris , who read a magazine . rez ( to Chris ) do you think I have put on weight ? Chris look up . CHRIS what ? rez do you think I have put on weight ? 12 . a beat . CHRIS I dunno . not really . he 's lie . rez ( to shifty ) I tell you I have not put on that much weight . shifty let out a sarcastic laugh . rez ( cont 'd ) how long since you have be back ? shifty sit back down and answer for Chris . shifty four year . rez be that the last time I see you , fuck hell ? CHRIS yeah . be it ? yeah , four year ago I think . a beat . rez where you live ? CHRIS Manchester . rez what you do ? CHRIS what , work wise ? I be in recruitment . rez good money ? Chris abandon he magazine . CHRIS I do alright , yeah . rez how much ? 13 . CHRIS ( laugh ) enough . rez you need to get this gadha ( donkey ) some work , four a-level and no job . shifty I pay you fuck rent do not I ? silence . rez girlfriend ? CHRIS no , not yet . rez Gay ? CHRIS no ... you ? rez I be ask the question padre ... for you information ... no , I be not ... but shifty be . shifty joke . a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) ( to Chris ) what have you get , rent or mortgage ? CHRIS Fucking hell , tag team ... mortgage . rez that 's nice . shifty yeah , mature , man . a beat . rez why do you leave without say goodbye to my brother ? Chris be stump . shifty look down at the floor . 14 . shifty rez , man ... rez I be only joke ... a beat . rez ( cont 'd ) but really , why ? shifty leave he alone . rez I need info , man . I be like a sponge , do you know what I mean , I be like a flannel ... how come you back , what 's the deal ? shifty I invite he to a party . rez who 's party ? CHRIS Rachel 's . rez Rachel who ? shifty Rachel price . rez who ? shifty mate , Rachel and serena . rez pause , think . Chris clock he with a almost icy stare . rez oh right . Chris look back down at he magazine . rez know he hit a raw nerve . a uncomfortable silence . shifty try to break the ice by talk about a more trivial topic . shifty ( to rez ) you remember Rachel , you fuck lung she at jazzbo Browns ? 15 . rez what ... that 's bullshit . CHRIS yeah , yeah , you go in for the kill and she leat away like she be do the fuck limbo . Chris be back in the conversation . shifty her ponytail sweep the floor . shifty and Chris touch fist . rez you boy need to get you fact straight ... she fuck lung I . CHRIS you could not even remember who she be five minute ago . shifty and Chris crack up laugh . shifty ( to Chris ) I would not mind if he do it discreetly , but he lung she from about three foot . shifty mimic rez 's historic lunge , rez start to laugh at the memory of it , cover he face with he hand . 37 int . trevor be van . morning trevor try the mobile again but get the same message . he throw he phone onto the passenger seat and exit the car . 38 int . rez's house / kitchen morning . they still sit around the table . shifty ( to rez ) you can come along if you want . rez ( sarcastically ) yeah , I feel like it now , do not I ... fuck hell ... suddenly the door bell go . 16 . rez ( cont 'd ) ( to shifty ) get that , it 's probably you viagra delivery . shifty fuck off . 39 int . rez's house / front door . morning shifty open the door . shifty ( suspicious ) trevor . trevor alright mate . shifty step out and pull the door to behind he . 40 int . rez's house / kitchen . morning rez stare at Chris who 's still read a magazine . rez so come on , why be you back ... really ? Chris look up at he . he 's not ready for this question . CHRIS because of the , erm , because of the party ... rez there 's be hundred of party mate , what 's so special about this one ? CHRIS I dunno , I just want to see shifty do not I . rez just stare at he . Chris look back at the magazine , try to pretend he 's read . 41 ext . rez's house . morning trevor I be try to bell you geezer , you phone off . 17 . shifty yeah I know , mate ? a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) trevor , what do you want ? trevor do not say anything , just nod he head , as if shifty should know what he 's talk about . shifty close he eye take stock . shifty ( cont 'd ) mate , you have not ... you have not pay I for last week yet ? trevor look a little uncomfortable . trevor do I a favour , I have probably put you fuck kid through college , do you know what I mean ? shifty mate , keep you voice down . a beat . shifty consider . shifty ( cont 'd ) meet I at the top of the road by the telephone box . trevor mate you be a fuck diamond . 42 int . rez's house / kitchen . morning still watch Chris , rez speak . rez for some reason ... I dunno why ... he still think of you as he best mate . he get 's up to leave . rez ( cont 'd ) why do not you try act like one . we're tight on CHRIS . he's taken aback by rez's comment . 18. 43 int / ext . rez's house / hallway . morning trevor go to walk away . shifty trevor ... trevor yes mate ... shifty do not ever fuck come to my house again . trevor yeah , no worry , I be sorry , man . shifty walk in , shutting the door . rez walk past he to go upstairs . rez who be that ? shifty nothing , geezer want to talk to I about a job . rez what job . shifty labour . rez ascend the stair . rez what do you say ? shifty I would think about it . shifty go to walk off . 44 int . rez's house / upstair hallway . morning . rez , reach the top of the stair , call down . rez shafiq . shifty ( o.s. ) what ! rez do not forget . 19 . shifty ( o.s. ) what ? rez mum and dad . shifty ( o.s. ) ( pakistani ) do I a favour . rez ( pakistani ) just do it . 45 int . rez's house / hallway . morning . shifty look agitate . shifty ( pakistani ) I be go to this fuck party . rez ( o.s. ) ( pakistani ) what time . shifty ( pakistani ) nine . rez ( o.s. ) ( pakistani ) you can be there at seven . shifty ( pakistani ) for fuck sake . 46 int . rez's house / upstair hallway . morning . rez ( pakistani ) just fucking be there . 47 int . rez's house / downstair hallway . morning . shifty stand there , seethe , and walk away . 48 int . trevor be van . morning trevor , sit in he van , by the telephone box wait .. 20 . 49 int . rez's house / hallway . morning shifty and Chris stand in the hallway put on they jacket . they go to leave when shifty stop and consider something . shifty actually , let 's go out the back way , it will be quick . they head for the garden . 50 int . trevor be van . morning trevor sit . wait . he tap he finger on the steering wheel . agitate . every second a eternity . 51 ext . back passage . morning shifty and Chris walk for a moment in silence . CHRIS we gonna see you mum and dad later ? shifty no . CHRIS I just hear ... erm ... I be not be nosey , I just hear rez ... Chris do not want to push the subject any further . there 's silence as they walk . shifty ... do you know they have ignore I for about a year ... CHRIS I do not know ? shifty ...my mum put the phone down when she hear my voice ... a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) my dad cross the road if he see I in the street , then they fuck summon I for a fuck job interview . silence , the two carry on walk . 21 . CHRIS for what ? shifty they just want I to meet some up - he - arse - paki who will look at I like some lose fuck cause ! a beat . CHRIS you gonna go ? shifty be I fuck . 52 int . trevor be van . day trevor drive slowly past the house to see rez put out the rubbish . rez turn around and stare at trevor . trevor look away and drive off . 53 int . trevor' house / up stair bathroom . day jasmine sit on the toilet , she open a pregnancy test and urinate onto it . 54 * int . trevors ' house . bathroom ( part 1 ) / freddie's bedroom . * day ( part 2 ) freddie be on he game console . he 's at the control of a racing game . it 's on really loud . CUT to : holding up the pregnancy test jasmine see 's it turn to a plus sign . she 's pregnant again . CUT to : tight on the screen as freddie 's computerise car screech around a corner . CUT to : jasmine stare forward , she face fretful . CUT to : freddie 's car smashes loudly against a barrier . CUT to : 22. sitting , stare , suddenly jasmine notice something on the tile surface . she rub she finger over it to reveal the residue of a white powder . CUT to : the game be loud . echoing through the house . CUT to : she dab finger with tongue , she face sour . she be almost hope she be wrong . CUT to : freddie laugh as he car smashes into another opponent . CUT to : jasmine 's eye be alive with rage ; the tv bellow out - suddenly she stand , pull up she kicker and steam towards freddie 's room . jasmine ( scream ) turn that fucking tv down before I throw it out of the fucking window ! freddie little face be totally bewilder . 55 ext . residential STREET . day shifty and Chris approach a clapped out , red four- door vw golf circa 1986 . as they loom closer Glen exit the car from the back . glen what you say you fuck rag - head , you alright bad boy ? shifty dowdy ! glen you be on the roid mate you be look bigger ? shifty 's almost exasperate with Glen already . shifty no , I have not , no . glen you get ready for a fuck uprising . 23. shifty yeah , just a small one . shifty and Glen knock fist . glen we better be careful , seem like there 's a tally -barn in town . shifty give it a fuck rest geezer . glen you know I be only fuck about you * prick . Glen look over at Chris . he take he in . glen ( cont 'd ) how you do mate , you alright ? CHRIS ( warily ) alright . Glen grab shifty and pull he to one side . his face be close to shifty 's ear , he insipid breath hot . glen who the fuck be that ? shifty chill out , he 's a old mate of mine . glen do not just bring any fuck muppet to the party , at least let I know first , do you know what I mean , give I a fuck head up . a beat . shifty ( calm ) yeah . a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) ( collect ) alright mate . a beat . 24 . glen anyway , I have get , erm , I have get a message for you . a beat . shifty what ? glen magnus want you to call he tonight ? shifty what ? magnus never want I to call he . Glen shrug . a beat . glen I dunno , mate ... shifty watch Glen . shifty where 's the gear ? glen lenny 's get it . * as shifty walk to the car he discreetly backhand a roll of * money to Glen . seat in the driver 's seat sit lenny , a frail man , eye sink , hair thinning . his denim jacket give he the only dignity from look like a walk corpse . seat next to he be Loretta . she 's pull out a crack pipe itching to take a hit . shifty lean through the window and in one swift move take a package from lenny , slip it into he jacket , and drop a pile of cash into he lap . shifty alright lenny ? lenny alright mate . shifty you alright Loretta . loretta alright shifty . 25 . 56 int . rez's house / front room . day rez lay down a prayer mat . he kneel down and begin to pray . 57 ext . residential STREET . day Glen stand smoking , stare at Chris . suddenly Glen speak . glen I fuck ... I swear I know you from somewhere ? a beat . Chris can feel Glen 's eye on he . CHRIS I dunno ... glen I do , I know you from somewhere . Chris stay silent . glen ( cont 'd ) d' you use to knock out pill ? CHRIS ( dismissive ) yeah , now and again . Glen carry on stare at he . glen yeah , yeah , I know where I fuck know you from ... you use to go out with serena Ellis ? CHRIS yeah , a few year ago ? glen you would fuck hope so , she 's dead you cunt . Glen laugh at he own joke . Chris look furious . shifty walk back over . shifty come ! glen right you do ? ( shifty nod ) good . ( more ) 26 . glen ( cont 'd ) ( he take a final drag on he fag ) do not go blow up any fuck tube train . Glen walk back to the car . Chris throw shifty a look and storm off , shifty follow after he . 58 int . lenny' car . day viewing the action from the dashboard we see Glen enter the rear door . Loretta , puffing away on a crack pipe , pass it to lenny . glen what be we wait for ? lenny give I a fuck break I be rush my tit off ... lenny attempt to start the car . lenny ( cont 'd ) where 's the key babe ? loretta let 's just go lenny . I be freaking out . lenny , have find the key , start the car simultaneously toot the horn and ignite the window wiper . they drive off , frog-hopping the vw down the road . glen yeah , it 's a good job we be not make a fuck scene . 59 ext . row of garage . day Chris and shifty turn a corner into a row of garage . Chris stand there for a moment he fist clench . shifty mate , be you alright ? CHRIS yeah , I be fine . shifty what 's the matter , what do he say ? 27 . CHRIS geezer do not worry about , just ... do not worry about it , it 's cool , I be alright . 60 ext / int . build site . day trevor make he way across muddy terrain to a porta-cabin and let 's himself in . we follow he into see Bob moran , portly , sit at a desk , another gentleman , in a suit and hard - hat stand before the desk . Bob spot trevor . bob no , no , no , no , no , no , no ... trevor Bob ! Bob come around from he side of the desk . bob no , trevor , no . trevor Bob just hear I out . bob get out of my office . trevor Bob please I have pay out on all the material , I have lose money . bob you should have think about that before you start bring drug onto my site . trevor you owe I money . bob I owe you fuck all . trevor you owe I my fucking money . bob tell it to the police , and I will tell `em why you get kick off the fuck job . trevor Bob , please . 28 . bob fuck off , trevor . Bob turn and walk out the porta-cabin . trevor follow . trevor bob. Bob ignore he . trevor ( cont 'd ) Bob I need this money . Bob stay quiet , approach a workman and start talk to he . trevor stand behind they . trevor ( cont 'd ) Bob ! Bob turn to he , and put out he hand . bob thank 's for come today trevor , we will definitely be in touch . Bob 's hand hang there . trevor look at he , to the hand . Bob turn away and carry on talk . trevor stand for a moment then turn and walk away . trevor 's face be awash with emotion , it look like he want to cry but he hold it together . 61 ext . hill top . day shifty and Chris sit atop of a hill look out across a skate park - the camera observe they from behind . shifty hand Chris a roll spliff . shifty do not say anything , do not want to push Chris . a beat . CHRIS be that Loretta Martin in that motor ? shifty yeah . CHRIS I use to fancy she big time when we be kid . shifty yeah , I remember . a beat . 29 . CHRIS she fuck ... she love a wrong 'un though do not she ? shifty love a wrong 'un . a beat . CHRIS what happen to she face ? a beat . shifty apparently ... Glen ... I think ... injected she with some fuck cocktail ... I dunno ... smack , I think ... he pass out first ... she pass out ... but apparently she be lie up against a radiator ... the fuck thing come on full whack . she be so out of it , she do not even know it be on .... a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) ... the paramedics have to peel she off . CHRIS Jesus Christ ! Chris look back out over the estate . shifty 's phone start ringing . he look at the screen it read trevor p mob . he hit reject . 62 int . trevor be van . day trevor get the answer machine . he smashes out at he dashboard . 63 int . rez's house / kitchen . day rez carry a bundle of dirty clothes to the wash machine and clumsily throw they in . he pull out the powder tray but it come out completely from the machine . rez fuck ! he try to wedge it back in but it do not want to go . rez get down on he knee and try again , to no avail . he look in the gap , and see something . 30 . he stick he finger in and start root around . he have something ; slowly rez pull out a large , see-through , watertight bag brim with wrap of cocaine and crack . rez sit back against the machine just stare at it . 64 ext . hill top . day shifty and Chris just sit . suddenly Chris notice something . CHRIS what 's that ? shifty what ? Chris point . CHRIS that fuck thing . 65 ext . park . day shifty and Chris approach a extreme sport park ride that help build upper strength . at either end of a raise beam be two handle . CHRIS what do it fuck do ? Chris grab the handle and start move with it . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) mate , grab the other end . shifty grab the handle and start run parallel to Chris , suddenly they both lift off the ground . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) fucking hell ! shifty shiiiiiiiit ! they be both crack up laugh , loving it . 66 int . trevor' house / kitchen / bathroom . day on jasmine 's kitchen floor , just outside the connect bathroom , be stack a variety of toiletry goods . the sound of scrubbing and movement echo out . jasmine , she dress gown grubby and soak , cleanse , scrub , and clean the emptied bathroom like a woman possess . she 's purging she haven , wash away the sin that have taint she sanctum . 31 . we CUT to a long shot , over freddie's shoulder to see he watching her . 67 ext . valerie' block council flat . day . a fairly respectable but featureless tenement block loom . 68 int . valerie' block council flat / corridor . day shifty and Chris stand before a racing green door upon which a small ceramic emblem of a cat nestle under the number eight . shifty knock on the door . silence . he stare at the emblem of the cat . shifty Fucking cat lover . a beat . CHRIS I can not stand people who feed they cat 's ... fuck red snapper ... or goose liver , because they say the fuck thing fussy ... a beat . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) ... it 's a fuck cat . shifty wait until you see this ... CHRIS * starve the fuck thing for a week and it will eat a condom , do you know what I mean ... shifty laugh . then they stand for a second wait . shifty knock again . shifty c'mon Val . a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) sorry about this geez . CHRIS mate , it 's cool . shifty I do not wanna drag you around all day . 32 . a beat . shifty bend down and look through the letterbox . he see a shadow approach . he stand back up . the latch snap , echoing down the clinical look hallway . 69 * int . valerie' flat / hallway . day we follow shifty through a corridor deprive of light and colour . Valerie , who lead the way , be considerably smaller . we open into the front room and Valerie 's reveal for the first time . at 5 '5 " with long arm book - end by bony hand and a sculpture face , she smack of a ageing goth and be clearly a old hippie , she brain starch by lsd . sleep cat inhabit the surroundings like station guard . a beat . Valerie look towards Chris . shifty Valerie , this be Chris , he 's erm , he 's a old friend of mine , we grow up together . he 's cool . we go way back . so it 's cool , you know . CHRIS how you do ? he offer a hand that she take politely . valerie yeah . hi. a moment of uncomfortable silence . shifty I call yesterday but you be out . valerie when ? shifty I dunno , it be probably about two in the afternoon . valerie I be in all day . a beat . shifty you must have be asleep . 33. valerie no , no I be awake , I do not sleep . a beat . shifty I dunno then . valerie do you say two o'clock . shifty yeah . valerie be you sure it be not two thirty . a beat . shifty it may have be . valerie I be out on the balcony at two thirty . a beat . valerie ( cont 'd ) but I be in here at two . a beat . valerie ( cont 'd ) I will make we some tea . shifty yeah , that will be sweet . 70 * int . valerie' front room . day Chris look about at the bit and bob that litter she front room . sleep feline . chintzy ornament of cat . he pick up a frame photo of she daughter , Loretta , in better day , fresh face , before the scar , ready to take on the world . he look slightly shocked to see this . CUT to : Chris sit in a sink armchair , and look around the room . he look closely at a sleep cat near he chair . he move he foot and touch it but it slide along the floor , not move just solid , as if freeze . it dawns on Chris that all the cat in the room be stuff . 34 . Chris sit back in the chair , suddenly from next door , the deep hum of a drum and bass track start thumping through the wall . it 's so heavy it make the shelf of chintzy cat ornament rattle . 71 * int . valerie' kitchen . day Valerie prepare the tea whilst shifty lean against the counter top . shifty how you be , alright . valerie yeah , I be alright babe , you alright ? shifty yeah , I be alright . valerie good , good . silence as Valerie prepare the tea . shifty she visit you yet ? valerie no ... not for a long time , shifty ... not see she for a long time really , darling . shifty walk over to Valerie and start help she make the tea . he seem to know where stuff be in this kitchen . he place a hand on she arm . shifty she will come back one day . they carry on make the tea . 72 * int . valerie' front room . day the drum and bass track continue to thud through the wall . a fresh pot of tea stand next to a empty can of soft drink . shifty pull out two rock of crack and place they before Val . Chris watch with intent . he almost can not believe what he 's see . she open the cellophane and place down a small yellowy lump . then carefully she fashion the can into a smoking utensil . at that moment , one of she cat ornament fall from the shelf because of the vibrate bass . Valerie walk over , pick up the china tabby , and place it carefully back on the side . she sit back down , clearly distress by the music . 35 . we be tight on the can as Valerie lift the paraphernalia to she mouth and take a hit , a small grimace etched across she lip . she gesture with she hand offer Chris some . CHRIS no , no , I be fine ...... thanks though . close on shifty . shifty look Val we be gonna have to do one ... the camera pan to val - she look anaesthetized - back to shifty ... shifty nod at Chris for they both to leave . the thudding bass echoe out as they exit the flat . Chris look slightly unsettle by what he 's see . 73 * ext . outside valerie' flat . day shifty shut the door to Valerie 's behind he . they go to walk off when suddenly shifty stop dead in he track . he pause for a while , and then shout to Chris who have carry on walk . shifty geezer , give I a minute . Chris turn to see shifty pull up the sleeve on he jacket . shifty reach through the letterbox and manage to unhook the latch . the door swing slowly open , the drum ' n ' bass booming out . 73a * int . otis ' flat / frontroom . day shifty enter . the camera follow . we be introduce to a dark hallway , clothes , magazine and CD 's litter the floor . shifty peer into one of the bedroom lead off from the hallway - a mattress with no sheet . shifty carry on down the hallway . reaching a door , he slowly push it open , to reveal a grotty front room . on the tv a violent movie scene play out , the sound turn down . a wiry look 18 year old , otis , sit on the sofa roll a spliff , absorb by the film image . a chavvy-look bird sit to he leave . shifty , cool as a cucumber , roll into the front room , straight up to the stereo , and turn it off . the young kid sit there , just stare , a spliff hold in he two hand , totally flummox . shifty stare he out . 36 . * shifty alright mate ? otis alright . shifty look about at the room . shifty what 's you name ? otis otis . a beat . shifty where do you get you weed from ? otis it aint ... it aint mine , my erm , my mate leave it , he leave it here ... I could phone he if you want , he will sort you out ... shifty where d' you get you fuck weed from rude boy ? a beat . otis I get it from this geezer ... Glen dowdy innit . shifty smile . shifty no , you do not . 74 ext . valerie' block council flat / corridor . day Chris stand wait , he look uncomfortable . 75 int . otis ' flat / frontroom . day otis no he name Glen , I be sure it be man , he name Glen innit ? otis ' girlfriend yeah , I think so . 37 . shifty from now on you get you weed from I ... a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) at half the price . otis look at he girlfriend , and back to shifty , utterly confuse . 76 ext . valerie' block council flat . day Chris watch a young mum below , she can not be more than 16 , pregnant , and with another baby in a pram . he look sadden by the girl . he turn and walk into the flat . 77 int . otis ' flat / frontroom . day shifty I be gonna sell you you weed half price , and you gonna keep this noise down . a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) yeah ? a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) ( with threat ) yeah ? at that moment otis and he girlfriend look up to see Chris stand in the doorway . his presence add menace to the situation . otis yeah , alright , yeah . shifty because if I hear one word of complaint from next door , just one single complaint , I will come back here and I will take you tv , I will take you stereo , and I will shove they up you bird arse . he let the word sink in . the girl look a little shocked . shifty ( cont 'd ) do you understand I ? 38 . otis nod . shifty ( cont 'd ) do you understand I ? otis yeah , yeah , it 's cool , I be sorry , man , I do not know I have it on loud , I would have turn it down , I be sorry . silence . shifty stare otis out . otis look away . shifty pick up a biro from the floor and write a number on otis ' wall . shifty call I if you need any more weed . he walk into the hallway , past Chris . CHRIS ( almost disdain ) you do not miss a fuck trick . shifty you know it . 78 int . valerie' block council flat / stairwell . day shifty and Chris make they way down the wind stair of the tenement block , shifty 's phone vibrate . close on : the screen of the phone read : trevor p mob . shifty hit the reject button . Chris follow behind . a beat . CHRIS that be all a bit fuck surreal . shifty what d' you mean ? CHRIS I can not believe you just sell crack to miss marple and strike a deal with blaze squad . shifty laugh as they carry on descend . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) how old be she ? 39 . shifty about 70 . a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) she 's be do drug longer than we have be alive . a beat . CHRIS yeah , d' you reckon . a beat . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) when do you start knock out ? shifty knock out what ? CHRIS ( lower he voice ) crack . shifty I dunno , about ... three , three and a half year ago . a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) why when d' you stop knock out pill . CHRIS when do you think ? a beat . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) do you get involved ? shifty no . a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) have you ? CHRIS fuck that . they still descend the stair . 40 . shifty do you wanna try it ? Chris look at he , unsure if he 's joke . CHRIS only if I get a fuck discount . shifty ( asian accent ) I have to charge you wholesale , you know . I get family in Pakistan , they need ticket for plane travel , man . they both laugh . 79 int . trevor' house / kitchen . day jasmine be at the kitchen table with freddie and Katie who be do potato painting . jasmine be dial she mobile . she press it to she ear . 80 int . trevor be van . day trevor be park up in he van , just stare out . we see he phone vibrate on the dash board . he answer . trevor jasmine ... 81 int . trevor' house / trevor be van . kitchen . day her tone be cold distant . jasmine where 's the credit card ? trevor what for ? jasmine I want to book a hire car . trevor we do not need one . jasmine how be we gonna get about with two kid . trevor we will get taxi . 41 . jasmine it will be cheaper to get a hire car . trevor jasmine , we be not get a hire car . jasmine do not ruin this for I , trevor . trevor what do you mean ? jasmine do not ruin this holiday for I . trevor go quiet . jasmine ( cont 'd ) be you still there ? trevor yeah . jasmine where be you ? trevor where do you think . I be on site . jasmine it do not sound like it ... a beat . trevor Babe , look I have get to go , jasmine well what should I do about the car ? trevor Babe , I have gotta go , Bob 's call I ... we will talk about it later ... I will call you ... click ! he put down the phone . 82 int . trevor' house / kitchen . day jasmine sit there for a moment , slightly distract , then carry on painting with the kid , she mind elsewhere . 42 . 83 ext . council estate . day shifty and Chris walk in silence . Chris look about at the building , he eye search across the domain that he once know so well . CHRIS do you tell Rachel ? shifty what ? CHRIS about I . a beat . shifty no , I do not . a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) I think it would be a surprise . Chris look a little uncomfortable . shifty ( cont 'd ) mate , it 's gonna be fine . CHRIS who else be gonna be there ? shifty I dunno , lot of she new mate , I do not know many of they . a beat . CHRIS so what 's the plan , be you gonna go and see you mum and dad first ? shifty look at he . shifty no . a beat . CHRIS you should go man , see what they have get to say ? shifty I think you work in recruitment . 43. CHRIS what ? shifty when do you become a fuck family liaison ? CHRIS what be you talk about you nutter , I be just say ? a beat . shifty I will be stick in some fuck warehouse ... look after twenty bengalis ... knock out dodgy fruit of the loom .... I know exactly who they want I to meet , man . CHRIS it might not be , mate , it might be some sweet little earner ... in the city somewhere , do you know what I mean . shifty I have get a sweet little earner . CHRIS yeah , but you will not be sweat bullet everytime the door bell go . a beat . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) you be not knock out weed anymore , man .... this aint college ... you be in deep bruv ... that shit will put you down for life . shifty only if you get catch , mate . suddenly from around the corner we see someone come sprinting past . . shifty ( cont 'd ) malik ? malik , small , turkish , stop dead in he track and spin round , he carry a large black holdall . 44 . malik ( out of breath ) Fucking hell shifty ... you alright bruv ... I do not even notice you . shifty what 's go on ? malik Long story , geezer ( look at Chris ) you alright mate ? CHRIS how you do ? shifty malik , this be a old mate of mine , Chris . malik someone 's gotta be . Chris laugh . shifty where be you go , man why you run ? malik Fucking hell , do you remember I be tell you about Craig ? shifty no . malik yeah you fuck do , Craig whittle , the guy who 's see desmond dodge 's sister . shifty what , Craig , small Craig . malik yeah , yeah . d' you remember I tell you he have that job at the pinnacle , the , erm , storage warehouse . shifty yeah , go on . he do not . 45 . malik anyway , Craig tell I every Friday , on the fuck dot , a delivery get make , all this top fuck electrical gear ... shifty offer he a cigarette . malik ( cont 'd ) cheer mate ... yeah every Friday [ light he fag ] they make this fuck drop off , but because the lorry can not reverse into the courtyard , something to do with the angle of the gate or something , I dunno mate , you will have to ask Craig , they fuck , cos they can not get in , they leave all this crate sit on the fuck road ... shifty what ... be you on you way there now ? malik what ... no , no , no , I drumm the place ten minute ago blood . this fuck ... forklift go inside yeah , with this first load , so I , fuck , I nip in , start whack in the gear , only turn out they have get another forklift ... CHRIS hold up , hold up ... why be you run ? malik cunt catch I right in the middle a load up . close on : shifty and CHRIS ' face drop . malik ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be you sure you do not want anything , I will do you a proper deal , sort you right out ? at that precise moment a plain clothes police car come head toward they . the siren blare out . Chris and shifty , catch between a rock and a hard place , turn and sprint . 84 ext . back street . day Chris run , suddenly shifty overtake . Chris be fast but shifty 's like a whippet . 46 . shifty follow I . shifty swerve down a side lane , Chris follow . 85 ext . alleyway . day malik 's legging it down a alleyway , he throw the bag over a wall and go over after it , he vault , landing knee deep in a shitty garden pond . malik fuck . 86 ext . side STREET . day shifty and Chris sprint , the police close behind . shifty this be bollock . shifty vault a brick wall , Chris follow . the drop on the other side be far deeper than expect , they hit the floor hard . suddenly they see something that grab they attention . 87 ext . cycle track . day shifty and Chris come swerving around the corner on the crappest kid ' bike you have ever see . shifty 's knee be near he chin , and Chris ' bike be pink with a fairy flag whipping off the back . the camera ride parallel with they as they hurtle along the cycle track . it 's not perfect but it 's better than run . shifty start crack up laugh . Chris ' face look a little more serious , however . he do not find this all quite as funny as shifty . 88 * ext . grosvenor road CUT thru . day . shifty sit in a underpass . random graffiti tarnishes the wall behind they , they bike leat against the wall . Chris be stand up , lean on he knee , breathe hard . CHRIS mate , I be tell you , this be no way to live . Chris sit down next to shifty . 47 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I be serious , mate , you need to get away from this shit , come and live with I for a bit . shifty look at Chris , and reach into he pocket pull out a pack of fag . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I be serious , mate ... why not ? shifty do not say anything . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) you would love Manchester , man , it 's full of fitness . shifty stay quiet , and smoke . they sit they for a moment . shifty I can not just fuck off . CHRIS yeah , you can . shifty look at Chris . shifty yeah , but I would not mate ... I do not want to ... I be perfectly fuck happy where I be ... 89 * int . glen' council flat . day Glen sit perch on the end of the bed , he top off . Loretta lay on she side , behind he . glen magnus , magnus ... he get up and walk about . glen ( cont 'd ) ... be that better ?... it 's Glen ... you alright ... can you hear I ?... yeah I be good mate , I be good ... no , you ... no mate ... no I , erm , I put the word about ... you know ... what we be chat about ... and I , erm , I think I have get a pretty good idea what 's go on ... well , erm ... I have hear this off a few people ... a lot of `em have say the same thing ... it 's , erm , it 's shifty innit ... shifty ... yeah , yeah definitely ... ( more ) 48 . glen ( cont 'd ) I mean I could have tell you that in the first place , mate ... who else be it gonna be ... cos I tell you one thing , I aint fuck cut up the gear , lenny aint fuck cut it up be he , look at the * state he ... I mean mate , they be all on the make ... he 's a fuck paki be not he ... he would sell he sister for a set of rim , do you know what I mean ... yeah I do , I have a word with he ... tell he what I would hear ... yeah . Little prick tell I to go fuck myself , say he will call you himself ... the geezer get out of control magnus , something need to be do ... alright mate ... alright , I will speak to you later ... cheer mate ... click ! he stand there for moment , think . he walk over to Loretta and pull back the sheet . he lean over and start kissing she all over , she try to ignore he , but he 's lick she ear , grind he crotch into she arse . loretta Glen , I be not in the mood . he do not listen , and pull down she knicker . 90 * ext . grosvenor road CUT thru . day there 's a silence between the two of they . shifty look as if he 's mull something over in he head . shifty if Manchester 's so full of gal , how come you have not get a bird yet ? CHRIS I have be on nuff date . some of they fuck lovely . a beat . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I just have not be able to get my head around it since serena . a beat . shifty mate , that be four year ago . 49 . 91 int . trevor be van . day trevor 's make he way through the lifeless avenue of dudlowe , a repetitive New - York house tune play out - trevor do a line of coke off the tip of a credit card . 92 * ext . grosvenor road CUT thru . day in the distance we can hear the faint resonance of traffic and far-away cry from a child 's playground .... CHRIS do you go to the funeral ? shifty soak in the question . shifty yeah of course I do . CHRIS do anyone say anything ? shifty about what ? CHRIS I dunno , about I ? a beat . shifty yeah . a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) people be say a lot of shit about both of we . CHRIS like what ? shifty just ... fuck ... just rumor , mate , bullshit . CHRIS do you get drill by the old bill ? shifty everyone do . CHRIS what do people say when I leave ? 50 . shifty I do not know mate . whatever they be say about you they be say about I . there 's a uncomfortable silence between they . CHRIS I be gonna get fuck lick - shot tonight . shifty you fuck know that ... back to mine ... bit of munch ... couple of uri geller 's ... CHRIS you get change ? shifty yeah , of course I be CHRIS let 's get a bottle of whisky . shifty fuck that . CHRIS why ? shifty you always kick off . CHRIS no I do not . shifty mate , last time you drank a bottle of whisky you piss on my leg . CHRIS bollock ! Chris be laugh . shifty in a club . CHRIS what ! a beat . shifty in front of the bouncer . 51 . CHRIS oh yeah , I remember . Chris crack up . shifty I gotta do one last drop off and we can chill out . 93 int . trevor be van . day we see trevor walk back to the van , in he hand he have a can of beer . get in , he settles down and begin to unwrap he gram of coke on the passenger seat . he place down the can to take a hit when suddenly he knock it , spilling beer all over the cocaine . trevor no , no , no , no , oh fuck , oh fuck hell . he 's at it . his finger dabbing at the clammy remnant , finger it into he gum and tooth . trevor ( cont 'd ) fuck...fuck ... 94 ext . trevor be van . day trevor get out , he 's furious and kick the side of the van . trevor fuck ... 95 ext . STREET . day we see shifty and Chris approach a house , shifty lead the way through the gate . 96 ext . trevor " S van . day trevor 's drive , full of desperation . he phone another number . 52 . trevor ( on phone ) Ken , it 's trevor ... yeah I be alright mate ... yeah , no , not for about a week ... look I can not get hold of shifty ... I know , I know he 's a nightmare ... you have not get any various have ya ... what you be dry as well ... I know ... I know but I can not get hold of he ... alright mate ... look if you see he yeah , get he to call I straight away ... 97 int . blair' house / front room . day we be at Blair wyard , 35 . his room be full of twelve inch vinyl and cool frame poster . they all sit around on low comfy chair . Blair smoke on a stack spliff . shifty how many do you want ? blair just two ... fuck it , it 's Friday , make it three ... yeah , make it three . shifty how about four ! blair do I a favour , Jesus Christ . 98 ext . STREET . day malik walk , head down , carry the bag of steal gear . 99 int . blair' house / front room . day shifty 's phone go off on vibrate . he look at the screen : trevor p mob . he ignore it , rifle through he cellophane bag and pull out three gram of coke . shifty what 's work say ? blair fuck all really . shifty ( to Chris ) Blair work at St. Marks . 53. CHRIS I use to go there , what do you do ? shifty he 's head caretaker . CHRIS oh right . Blair laugh . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) what ? blair I be not , I be head of English . Chris ' laugh be meet by silence . CHRIS what really ? Blair nod . blair yeah . CHRIS mental . 100 ext . STREET . day trevor 's van pull up behind malik toot he horn - malik almost defecate he jeans - trevor wind down the window . malik ( exasperate ) Fucking hell trevor , my heart beat like a techno track . trevor you see shifty ? malik ( wary ) earlier , yeah , why ? trevor when ? malik ( suspicious ) this morning , why what 's the matter , what 's go on ? 54 . trevor get in and show I where to find he , you know where he hang out . malik I , erm , I be on my way to , erm , my bird 's trev ... trevor do not worry about it , we will only be about ten minute . malik I do not think shifty 's gonna want to see I at the moment though trev. trevor step out . trevor get in the fucking car malik . 101 int . blair wyard house / front room . day blair how 's business ? shifty yeah it 's good , mate , thriving . blair I be read the other day that it 's a good time to be in the drug trade ... government 's raging war on terror ... no one give a fuck about drug anymore ... a beat . shifty yeah but I be a Muslim drug dealer ... CHRIS so he 's fuck either way . Blair and Chris laugh . shifty ha Dee fuck ha ... wanker . shifty sit back in he chair , think . 55 . 102 int . trevor be van . day they be drive . trevor almost fanatical , eye search - malik in the back of the car , look anxious , offer direction . 103 int . trevor be van . day trevor scour the street , malik in the back . the house tune thumping out . 104 int . blair' house / front room . day Blair sniff up a line of coke and offer some to shifty and Chris who decline . the mellow tune play out . Chris pass the spliff to Blair who take a deep drag . shifty sit back and look at the clock on the wall . it read 18:45 . he think for a moment . he look at the line of coke line up on Blair 's table . he look back at the clock . 18:46 . Chris be watch shifty . CHRIS I tell you what ? shifty what ? CHRIS I could fuck smash one of you mum 's curry 's . shifty look at Chris straight in the eye . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) do you think she would have make food ? shifty always . a beat . CHRIS we could still make it , man . shifty look at Chris . a beat . 56 . 105 int . shifty' parent house . day rez stand in the hallway of he parent house , we can see shifty 's parent in the kitchen chat to a elderly gentleman in a suit . rez look at he phone , it read : shafiq mobile . he look at it for a while . then answer . shifty ( o.s. ) rez , it 's shifty rez yeah . shifty ( o.s. ) where be you ? rez mum and dad . 106 ext . STREET . day shifty and Chris walk . shifty you alright mate ... you sound a bit down ? rez ( o.s. ) I be fine . shifty * be that still job thing still on ? rez ( o.s. ) of course it be . why would not it be . shifty alright mate , I be just ask . rez just get here . 107 int . shifty' parent house / hallway . day rez put down the phone . he stand there for a while , think , then walk into the kitchen to join he parent and they guest . 108 int . trevor be van . day silence as trevor and malik drive . suddenly trevor notice shifty and Chris walk down a grass verge , make they way beneath the underpass . 57 . he bring the van to a halt at the side of the street . he exit the van , leave malik sit in the back passenger seat slightly non-pluss . 109 ext . underpass . day shifty and Chris walk through the tunnel , from the far end we see the shadow of a heavyset man approach . shifty and Chris walk unfaze . shifty recognise the guy . shifty ( under he breath ) oh shit ! trevor , appear from the gloom , walk directly towards shifty . trevor where you be geezer , I have be try to get hold of you . he stop about a foot away from shifty . too close for comfort . shifty take a step back . shifty I have be busy , mate . you alright ? trevor assess Chris . trevor I need to get hold of some gear . shifty there 's nothing leave trev , that 's why I have not answer ? trevor 's face drop . trevor ( turn nasty ) do not fuck bullshit I shifty . shifty mate , call I in a hour and i`ll sort you out . trevor you will not answer you phone mate , you have be blank I all day . shifty mate , I be in a rush , I will call you later . 58 . trevor fuck off , I know you be carry , do not try and mug I off . shifty take it easy rude boy . just chill out . trevor I be fuck chill out , I just do not like be mug off , do you know what I mean ? trevor 's in shifty 's face . shifty I have have a long fuck day , trevor , just leave I alone . trevor do not tell I what to fuck do * you paki . he push shifty hard . Chris step up . CHRIS mate , leave it out ! trevor 's on shifty and have he pin up against the wall , he hefty hand grip around he neck , suddenly he bring a stanley knife up to he temple . trevor empty you pocket ! empty you fucking pocket . CHRIS mate what be you do ? shifty just leave it , Chris . trevor , think about what you be do , man . trevor just empty you fucking pocket . trevor edge the knife harder into shifty 's neck . slowly shifty surrender the large bag of coke and a cellophane bag of crack with about two grand in cash . trevor ( cont 'd ) why do you lie to I you prick , why do you tell I you be not fuck carry . shifty trevor , you need to calm down . 59 . trevor 's eye be bulg , face crimson with rage , he knife nestle at the tip of shifty 's Adams apple . trevor empty you fuck other * pocket !... now .... now ! shifty do what trevor say . trevor ( cont 'd ) and the inside pocket you prick ... now ! at that moment , trevor lower he knife , shifty take heed * and grab he , swinging he around and pushinhg he palm into * trevor 's face . they fall into a messy clinch , but they now * face the opposite way . Chris and shifty turn and sprint as * fast as possible . trevor fall to he knee scramble for * the drug . CUT to : 110 int . trevor' house / frontroom . day jasmine be in the front room irone . in front of she she have two suit case laid out perfectly . she keep and eye on the kid who be still painting . she press one of trevor 's shirt perfectly . 111 * ext . old sport centre . day * shifty and Chris come to rest behind a gather of bush . they lung on fire as they grab for air . shifty look down at he top and realise he 's bleed . shifty oh shit . CHRIS mate , be you alright ? Chris reach to help he , but shifty swat away he hand . shifty get off I , man . CHRIS mate , I be only try to help . shifty it 's a bit fuck late now . CHRIS mate , the geezer have a fuck knife at you throat . 60 . shifty yeah exactly mate . help might have be fuck nice , do you know what I mean ? CHRIS what be I suppose to do ? shifty you be suppose to fuck help I , man , fuck do something . CHRIS mate , I be sorry , I be just not use to be fuck mug in tunnel . it 's not part of my daily routine ? shifty I be surprised you do not do a fuck runner ? CHRIS what be you talk about ? shifty I be surprised you do not fuck ... run off and leave I to sort out the mess . CHRIS fuck you , shifty . fuck you , man . shifty why , why , cos I be speak the truth . talk about the past , talk about serena . oh no you can not talk about that , you must not talk about serena . a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) let 's fuck talk about it . let 's talk about how you leave two week after she die without say goodbye to I , everyone fuck ask I what 's go on , every one say shit about you , bad mouth you , let I tell you about the fight I have stick up for you , the break nose I get when some meathead slag you off , let 's fuck talk about that , mate . CHRIS I leave because of one fuck reason ... this shit hole ... ( more ) 61 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) this fuck cess pit that you love so much ... where have this place get you , man , where have it fuck get you , smartest kid in the class , four fuck a level and you be get chase by the police , get mug , sell crack cocaine to oap 's . Nice life . shifty I will tell you where it 's fuck get I mate . it 's get I earning four thousand a week ... how much do you earn in you little cubicle up in Manchester ... go on how much do you fuck earn ... you probably do not even earn two grand a fuck * month you prick ... CHRIS you do not know what the fuck I have be through . shifty how would I you prick I have not see you for four year . CHRIS fuck you ! shifty no fuck you ! shifty turn and steam off leave Chris seethe . 112 * int . trevor be van . day trevor get back in the van , wiping the blood from he nose with the sleeve of he shirt and breathe heavily . he 's count the money , look in the bag of drug - pay dirt . he 's a bundle of nervous energy . voice ( off screen ) who d' you fuck rob - Cuba ? trevor spin round in he seat . trevor jesus malik ... what be you do ? malik I think you want I to wait . trevor start to laugh ; it 's a nervous display , almost relief . 62 . malik ( cont 'd ) sort I out with some out that ( he nod to the coke ) . a beat . trevor what 's it worth ? malik consider , put he hand in the bag and pull out a camcorder he nick earlier with a bunch of tape . 113 * int . shifty' parent house . dusk in a respectable dining room sit shifty 's parent and Mr. Ahmed . they silence be awkward as they sit wait for shifty . shifty 's mum pour Mr. Ahmed some tea . 114 * int . trevor be van . dusk trevor take out a wrap , place a huge pile on the end of a credit card and try to snort the lot in one go . his break nose prove difficult , block by clotted blood , so he eat the remainder . 115 * int . shifty' parent house / kitchen . night rez sit on a stool drink a cup of tea , he try to ring shifty but get no answer . rez 's face show frustration . 116 * ext / int . rez's house . night shifty walk down the path and open the front door , call out . shifty rez ... the house be empty . 117 * int . rez's house / shifty' bedroom . night shifty 's on the phone . shifty ... why ... that 's not true ... magnus ... magnus it be not ... come on , man ... I know but ... I know ... what the fuck be I suppose to do ... you know I do not ... magnus , chill out , man ... yeah ... yeah ... I be ... fuck ... what ! I be * not in on anything with Glen ... ( more ) 63. shifty ( cont 'd ) * whatever you problem be with he that 's nothing to do with I ... why you even use that prick ... I ... what ... when ... I do know who it be ... yeah , trevor palmer ... you do not know he ... yeah ... you do not know he ... but I ... yeah ... I will , I will , look man , I do not kno ... I will ... click ! fuuuck !!! shifty 's punch he bedroom door yell out . shifty ( cont 'd ) fuck ! fuck ! fuck ! fuck ! 118 * int . shifty' parent house . night shifty 's mum shut the door as Mr. Ahmed leave . she turn back into the hallway and suddenly begin to cry . shifty 's dad walk in and hold she tight , rez hold back , not know what to do . 119 ext . london STREET . night five heavy look bastard walk out of a house and towards a serious look black range rover . one of they open the boot and they throw in baseball bat , a crowbar , mask tape . 120 ext . house party . night Chris sit on a wall the other side of the road , a carrier bag full of beer . he sit , drink , just stare at the house , the music pump from within . he watch as people arrive . he look about . he 's anxious , upset , he do not want to do this on he own . 121 int . trevor' front room . night trevor unlock the door and walk into the house , he nose swollen , face sullen , guilty . we follow as he walk toward the front room where we see suit case place over the floor as jasmine busy herself pack . she do not look at trevor , she 's too angry with he . trevor what be you do babe ? jame what do it look like . trevor we have get another three day yet ? 64 . jasmine I have get two kid to pack for ... silence . jasmine ( cont 'd ) ... three include you ... trevor where be they ? jasmine where do you think they be , they be in bed ? trevor what 's wrong with you ? jasmine nothing . jasmine walk past he , still not look he , and into the kitchen where she take wet wash from the machine . trevor Babe , what 's the matter ? she walk back past he to the front room . jasmine when do you start use again ? trevor what ? jasmine when do you start use cocaine again ? trevor what be you talk about ? jasmine I be not go through this again trevor , do not fuck lie to I . trevor what be you go on about ? jasmine be that why the card fail . trevor what ? 65 . jasmine I try to book a car and the card fail ? trevor I tell you not book it . she turn to look at he . jasmine I swore to you trevor , I say to * you ... what the fuck happen to * you face . 122 int . range rover / motorway . night the five heavies sit in the car , heavy music play out , the motorway light flash past . 123 int . trevor' front room . night trevor * Babe people walk into scaffold * all the time . jasmine * no trevor only you walk into * scaffold ... cos coke off you be just off you be fuck tit . trevor I be not off my tit babe . jasmine what do I say to you trevor , I say as god be my witness , I will walk out of that door with my kid and never look back ... trevor jasmine . jasmine what do I say ? trevor Babe . jasmine what do I fuck say . trevor drop he head . 66 . jasmine ( cont 'd ) you promise I you would stop , you swore on you baby daughter 's life that you be clean , trevor . you swore on we nine - month old baby daughter 's life that you would not touch that ... that shit anymore . trevor start cry . jasmine ( cont 'd ) no , do not you cry , do not you dare fuck cry , because to I that 's even more repulsive . I want you to be a man for Christ 's sake . I want you to be a fuck man about this , trevor , for once in you life take control of the fucking situation . she 's at he , scream , hit . he just stand there limp , absorb she blow . jasmine ( cont 'd ) we're you family , you should be fucking looking after US you weak useless prick . jasmine walk away from he . trevor 's just leave there , pathetic , alone . 124 * int . rez's house . bathroom . night we jump cut as shifty clean he cut , put on a fresh tee * shirt , freshen he face in the sink . 124a * int . rez's house kitchen / night * shifty be then down in the kitchen , at the wash machine . he pull out the powder tray , nothing there , he 's digging about inside , he get a torch , he 's try to peer in , frantic . rez ( os ) where the fuck have you be ? shifty 's head dart . they stare at each other for a moment . shifty rez , I be sorry , man . rez where the fuck have you be ... why do not you phone mum and dad ? rez walk into the kitchen . 67 . shifty I run out of juice . rez why do not you use a pay phone ? shifty do not answer . rez look at the open tray on the wash machine . shifty look he in the eye . shifty I need it rez , where be it ? rez * where be it ? where the fuck be it . you bring drug into my fuck house ... the house that I pray in ... he push shifty hard in the chest . shifty rez , rez , man . rez I look after you shifty , I take you under my roof , let you live in my house , and this , this be how you repay I ... rez push shifty again hard . shifty grab rez but rez punch he around the face , they fall to the floor in a messy clinch , rez pull at shifty 's face , hit he . shifty rez , rez , rez ... shifty manage to wrangle himself free . rez be up and at he . rez get out of my fuck house , get out ... * shifty rez , rez , I need that bag ... rez get out . shifty rez , if you do not give it to I I be a dead man . rez storm off upstairs . shifty stand just rub he face with he hand mutter under he breath . 68 . shifty ( cont 'd ) fuck , fuck , fuck , fuck , fuck , fuck ... * he can hear rez rustling about upstairs . shifty start * ascend the stair . 124b * int . rez's house . bathroom . night * shifty 's enter the bathroom to see rez empty the drug into the toilet . * shifty rez , no ! rez fuck you . shifty rez ! rez flush the chain . shifty push rez aside and reach into the toilet but it 's too late . shifty ( cont 'd ) what the fuck have you do , what the fuck have you do ? rez get the fuck out . shifty rez. rez get the fuck out of my house . rez be push shifty again . shifty back away down the step . 125 int . range rover / motorway . night the motorway light flicker through the glass , illuminate the guy face . one of they rotate a knife in he hand . 126 ext . rez's house . night shifty exit he brother house . he stand there for a moment breathe hard , think , then head off with conviction . 69 . 127 int . trevor' front room . night jasmine , still in a bit of a state , she eye reddene from tear , sit sorting stuff out in the front room . she pick up the carrier bag that trevor bring home with he and look inside , she pull out the camera and tape . 128 ext . trevor' garden . night trevor sit at the garden table smoking a fag . jasmine walk outside . jasmine what 's this ? trevor look up . trevor I bring it for you . he walk past she back into the house and kiss she cheek she flinch slightly , she stand there for a second soaking it in . 129 ext . house party . night Chris sit on the wall , he downs he beer , straighten himself up , and walk towards the house . a voice call out . shifty ( o.s. ) CHRIS ! Chris turn to see shifty approach . they stand there for a moment . neither one say anything . CHRIS you alright ? shifty yeah , I be alright . you alright . Chris look down . shifty ( cont 'd ) look man , I be not gonna do this party ... Chris nod . shifty ( cont 'd ) I have get too much shit to deal with . a beat . 70 . shifty ( cont 'd ) you do not have to come with I . it 's up to you ? CHRIS yeah , cool , I will probably just grab my stuff from yours then . shifty nod with acceptance , but Chris smile . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) as if I be not gonna come with you nutter . shifty shake be head . shifty Fucking hell , man . I think you be gonna leave I cold . CHRIS I think you be use to it . shifty there 's only so much one man can take . they walk off . Chris throw shifty a light punch . shifty ( cont 'd ) now you start throw punch . 130 int . trevor be / bathroom . night quietly trevor sniff up a corner of coke . he carefully open the door to make sure jasmine 's not nearby . he exit and we follow he into the front room where jasmine sit with the camcorder . she aim it at trevor and press record . jasmine peer into the lens . 131 * int . council estate / hallway . night shifty and Chris approach a rundown council flat . the door be shabby , black bin liner decorate the floor . shifty knock . they stand for a moment when suddenly the door creak open to reveal Loretta peak through . shifty Loretta , be Glen there ? she watch they for a moment then shut the door . shifty look at Chris . they stand for a moment when Glen open the door . 71 . glen shifty . shifty alright mate . glen what ? shifty I need to talk to you about something . Glen just look at he . shifty ( cont 'd ) can we do it inside . Glen open the door . they both walk into the flat . Glen stop shifty and point for he to go into the bedroom . shifty ( cont 'd ) ( to chris ) mate , I will only be a minute . Chris walk into the front room where he see lenny and Loretta play connect 4. he look at lenny . CHRIS alright mate . lenny look slowly up . lenny alright . Chris perches himself on the edge of a dusty old armchair . he look at Loretta . CHRIS you alright Loretta . she smile at he . loretta you alright Chris . he smile nervously . 132 int . glen' council flat / bedroom . night glen what 's go on , what be you fuck do here ? 72 . shifty something happen today ... something , I dunno , something serious ... so I phone magnus ... talk to he about it ... tell he what happen ... glen what lose all he gear ? a beat . shifty who tell you that ? glen magnus do . shifty and what do he say ? glen that you have lose all he gear ... all of he money . shifty pause think . shifty yeah well he go mental , say some other shit about I cut it up , mixing the coke , he be say all sort of ... bullshit ... Glen stay quiet . shifty wait for a reaction . shifty ( cont 'd ) why would he be say that ... who 's be talk to he ? a beat . glen dunno mate , you be guess be as good as mine . shifty pull out he phone . shifty perhaps you should phone he up now , here , in front of I , tell he it 's all bollock . Glen just look at shifty . glen you can tell he yourself . 73. shifty hold the phone to Glen 's face . shifty go on mate , call he up , tell he that I do not cut up the coke . Glen knock down shifty 's arm . glen I do not know what the fuck you do shifty ? 133 int . glen' council flat / frontroom . night Chris watch Loretta and Glen play connect 4 . 134 int . glen' council flat / bedroom . night glen I know that you bowl around this town like it 's you fuck manor ... with you smooth fuck paki chat ... give it the large .. shifty what be you talk about you prick ? glen mugging off magnus , say that he 's get weak , lose all he gear ... shifty what the fuck be you go about . glen and then you come to my house and you threaten I ... shifty stay quiet . glen ( cont 'd ) ... shoot off you fuck mouth , tell I what you be gonna do to magnus ... tell I how you be gonna take he down ... shifty stare at Glen , seethe . 74 . 135 int . glen' council flat / frontroom . night lenny and Loretta , have ditch the connect 4 , be chase the dragon from a piece of tin foil . Chris look totally uneasy , the situation be make he uncomfortable . 136 int . glen' council flat / bedroom . night shifty you have be chopping up the fuck * gear all along . selling half of it to the fuck Turks , cut out magnus . a beat . Glen look a little shocked by shifty 's revelation . glen who tell you that ? shifty fuck you . glen fuck you , you cunt . you be just jealous cos you do not think of it first . you be not that fuck smart . shifty I do not think of it , cos I be not that fuck stupid . there 's a knock at the door . shifty hesitates , then answer it . CHRIS mate , can we go ? shifty do not worry about it , I be fuck leave . shifty go to walk out with Chris . Glen follow they into the corridor . glen it 's about time you both fuck off . shifty fuck off Glen . glen after what happen . shifty and Chris carry on walk out . 75 . glen ( cont 'd ) no wonder you leave mate . CHRIS what ? glen could not show you face after what you do . CHRIS what do I do exactly . glen get the fuck out of my house . CHRIS what the fuck do I do ? shifty mate , just leave it the geezer a wanker . CHRIS what did I fucking do ? glen do not start shouting mate . CHRIS fuck you ? glen or what ... you gonna kill I like you do serena . suddenly , with out hesitation Chris grab Glen by he tee shirt and slam he forehead into glen nose . it break in a clean crack , blood spurting out . Glen double over , hold he face . Chris smashes he fist into the back of glen head , Glen go down on he knee . Chris be kick he . shifty come in and pull he away , lay in a few boot himself . Glen stand up . glen ( cont 'd ) you break my fuck nose . you be a fuck dead man shifty ... you be all ready a fuck dead , man , * you be fuck ... fuck ... 137 * int / ext range rover . motorway . night the black Ranger Rover soar along the motorway . 76 . 138 ext . field . night shifty and Chris cross a field , trudging through the ankle length grass . they reach a hedge . shifty reach into the bush and start rummage around . he pull out a black bin liner contain something heavy . he unwrap one bin liner to reveal another which have be tie with elastic . he undoe another black bin liner until finally he 's leave with just a leather sport bag . 139 int . range rover . night through the front windscreen we see a sign indicate a turnoff for dudlowe New town . the jeep veer , make the exit just in time . 140 ext . dudlowe street . night Chris and shifty make they way through the town . shifty 's walk fast , dictating the pace . CHRIS where be we go ? shifty to mine . a beat . CHRIS we should just go , man , get the fuck out of this shithole , leave now , go to Manchester , tonight , I be tell you . shifty Chris I can not . I be not leave ... I be not leave my brother . silence . they carry on walk , together , side by side . 141 int . shifty' house / front room night silhouett by the night sky , shifty and Chris sit on dining chair , before the front window , light off , wait . 142 ext . range rover . night the Range Rover creep along the street of dudlowe . 77 . 143 int . shifty' house / front room . night CHRIS do everyone think it be I ? shifty if they do you would be in prison mate ? a beat . shifty ( cont 'd ) running off do not help . a beat . CHRIS I can not even remember give it to she . shifty we be all pretty fuck Chris . a beat . CHRIS she tell I she would do pill before . a beat . shifty Chris if it be not you , she would have get it from someone else mate . CHRIS yeah but she do not do she . shifty lean forward and open the leather sport bag . he pull out a .38 six shot revolver and a hand full of bullet . he start load the gun . Chris stand up . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ man what the fuck be you do ? shifty gesture for he to be quiet , and point upstairs to he bother . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) Fucking hell , man , this be bullshit . shifty sit down . a beat . 78 . shifty ( cont 'd ) Chris sit down , man . Chris sit down . shifty reach in the bag and hand he a knuckle duster . Chris look at it . CHRIS glad you be fuck sort . 144 ext . STREET . night the Range Rover pull into a turn . 145 int . rez's house / frontroom . night they sit there , just wait . CHRIS do you think they will come . shifty do not know . a moment of silence . CHRIS wish I would sleep last night . a beat . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) I be fuck . shifty nod . he 's feel the pain . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) get any coke ? shifty I be out . silence . Chris laugh . shifty ( cont 'd ) we have be chase by the police ... Chris ' laughter increase . CHRIS we get fuck mug ... they be both start to laugh . 79 . shifty and my brother flushed my gear down the toilet ... they be both crack up . shifty ( cont 'd ) Party be blind though be not it ? they be both laugh , shifty motion for they to quieten down in case they wake rez . CHRIS fuck the party . I never want to go anyway . 146 ext . STREET . night the Range Rover turn off it 's light . the guy just sit there wait . 147 int . shifty' house / front room . night Chris be fall asleep , head droop . shifty 's try to stay awake , one eye open , struggle , but he 's too tired . both they head be drooped , they be dead to the world . 148 ext . STREET . night the Range Rover creep along with its light off . 149 int . shifty' house / front room . night shifty jolt as if he 's hear something , go for the gun in he jacket . he look around ... nothing there . 150 ext . STREET . night the five heavies get out of the jeep . pull on balaclava 's , bat , knife , gun at the ready . 151 int . shifty' front room . night shifty and Chris be silhouett against the night sky . 152 ext . STREET . night the five heavies approach the house . 80 . 153 int . rez's house / front room . night a shadow streak across the front window but shifty and Chris be asleep . 154 ext . STREET . night the five heavies assemble outside the door . one of they kick the front door with a almighty crash . 155 int . rez's house / front room . shifty awake with a jolt to see broad day light stream in through the window of the house . 156 ext . rez's house . morning shifty step out the front door to look about . it 's a nice day . he look up and down the street , nothing . he go to walk back in the house when suddenly he eye catch something on the floor . he reach down and pick up a large jiffy envelope that 's be leave lean against the bin cupboard . scribe across the front be : shifty 157 int . rez's house / shifty' bedroom . morning shifty rip open the jiffy envelope . he pull out a camcorder , a Polaroid fall to the floor , face down . shifty look at both . his face display concern . jump CUT to : 158 int . rez's house / shifty' bedroom . morning shifty 's pack , fast . load stuff into a sport bag , tee shirt , jeans , sock . jump CUT to : 159 int . rez's house / shifty' bedroom . morning shifty pull out a large bundle of money that he 's be save . 160 int . rez's house / kitchen morning . shifty place a envelope on the table . rez scribe across the front . 81 . 161 int . rez's house / front room . morning shifty walk into see Chris sit up on the sofa . he throw Chris ' bag at he . he look at he bag . at shifty 's bag sling over he shoulder . jump CUT to : 162 ext . river side . morning . shifty stand at the river side . Chris beyond , watch . shifty reach into he jacket and pull out the .38 revolver . he throw it into the river . CHRIS give I you phone . shifty what ? CHRIS give I you phone ? he take shifty 's phone and chuck into the river . jump CUT to : 163 ext . coach stop . m0rning shifty and Chris sit in silence . the bus pull up . 164 int . coach . morning the bus pull away . Chris settles back , and offer shifty one of he head phone to share . shifty take it and sit back , look out the window . the track we hear at the beginning of the film begin to play : Noel mckoy 's " brighter Day " . it play softly over the follow scene . 165 int . rez's house / shifty' bedroom . morning - past shifty stand , stare at the camcorder in he hand , and the Polaroid , face down on the floor . 166 int . glen' council flat / front room . morning - present Loretta awake from a drug inflicted sleep and sit up . she look around . no one . 82. 167 int . rez's house / shifty' bedroom . morning - past shifty lean down to pick up the Polaroid . 168 int . glen' council flat / hallway . morning - present Loretta walk towards the bedroom , she reach for the handle . 169 int . glen' council flat / bedroom . night - past we see the same scene from the night before . but from a lower angle to see shifty hold he mobile phone by he side . close on screen : it show a OPEN line to magnus ' mobile glen who tell you that ? shifty fuck you . glen fuck you , you cunt . you be just jealous cos you do not think of it . you be not that fuck smart . shifty I do not think of it , cos I be not that fuck stupid . 170 int . range rover . night - past close on : phone held to a man ear - magnus we presume listening to the conversation . 171 int . rez's house / shifty' bedroom . morning - past shifty turn over the Polaroid . 172 int . glen' council flat . morning - present Loretta open the door to reveal Glen tape to a chair and beat to death . 83. 173 int . rez's house / shifty' bedroom . morning - past shifty turn over the Polaroid to see a picture of Glen , tape to the chair and beat to death . 174 int . rez's house / shifty' bedroom . morning - past shifty open the lcd on the camcorder and press play and begin to watch . 175 int . trevor' house / front room . night - past camcorder : jasmine peer into the lens . she then turn the camera and follow trevor who plant himself on the other settee , he look uneasy . trevor Babe , do I a favour . there be a colossal bang sound . trevor ( cont 'd ) what the fuc ... trevor 's up on he foot . the bang become a crash as something give way . jasmine trevor what be it ? phone the police ! Three heavyset man in balaclava 's charge into the front room . jasmine scream , drop the camera on its side yet still give a viewpoint on event . Three man be on trevor , he 's receive a serious beat . the music on the SOUND track begins to get louder . a man grab jasmine by the hair and drag she to the middle of the room , she attempt to fight back , feisty as ever . this be bedlam . suddenly someone rush in from the leave and lay a vicious right hook to trevor 's head . he go down like a lead weight . jasmine 's cry , fear wash over she . a child cry out from upstairs . voice ( os ) tell that fuck slag to stop cry ... now !! two hood man drag jasmine off to another room . she 's fight back claw at they . trevor 's face be press against the cold lino flooring . someone have grab the camera and angle it on trevor 's bloody feature . congeal blood envelope he eye and nose cavity . 84 . a hand move into shot and grab hold of he face , squeezing he cheek so he look sadly comic . trevor 's eye flicker open . voice ( os ) ( cont 'd ) look into the lens ... trevor fail to comply . the hand slap he hard and grab he face again . voice ( os ) ( cont 'd ) look into the fucking lens !!! trevor comply . voice ( os ) ( cont 'd ) say you be sorry . trevor begin to weep - a painful sight . voice ( os ) ( cont 'd ) say you're fucking sorry !!! the voice echoe out . 176 int . rez's house / kitchen morning - present rez ' open the envelope on the side and pull out a mass of money leave for he by shifty . 177 int . glen' council flat . morning Loretta put on she jacket and walk out of the flat . 178 int . coach . morning - present shifty sit look out the window , dudlowe pass he by as he exit the town . he nestle back into he chair and close he eye . he and Chris seat next to one another . shoulder to shoulder . the music rise . CUT to black . the end