the good dinosaur Story by Peter sohn Erik benson meg lefauve kelsey Mann Bob Peterson screenplay by meg lefauve the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 1 . ext . space a asteroid belt . card : 65 million year ago a asteroid bump another asteroid off course . its new trajectory : Earth . ext . field - night a group of dinosaurs peacefully eat in a field . intercut asteroid / dinosaurs the asteroid continue descend ... the dinosaur continue chew , unaware ... the asteroid be burn up in Earth 's atmosphere ... the dinosaur be still eat ... zip ! the asteroid miss Earth ! a meteor streak across the night sky . the dinosaur go back to they business , save from extinction ... fade to black . card : million of year later fade in : ext . western frontier - day iconic widescreen '' frontier '' shot : big sky , majestic cloud , jag peak . card : disney present card : a pixar animation studio film ext . farm - day a flow river , next to it a frontier farm . a pit-house and long neatly plow field beneath a mountain range with three distinct peak . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 2. card : the good dinosaur a breeze ripple crop . Hay bale next to a fence surround the farmland . the ground shake . four gigantic dinosaur foot walk by . the camera reveal a massive shadow , and then ... a apatosaurus , walk across he farm . this be henry . boom ! Henry use he tail to knock down a tree . he add it to a large pile . he dig he snout into the ground , plow long furrow into the tough dirt . alongside Henry be he hardwork apatosaurus wife , ida , carry a yoke of seed . she scatter they into the fresh furrow . dissolve to : small sprout grow in row across the field . Henry dip he head into the river , get a mouthful of water . he turn back toward the crop , spray the water through he tooth across the row . ida ( 0.s. ) Henry ! Henry turn toward the cabin . ida it 's time ! Henry 's face light up . int . cabin - day ( moment later ) Henry and ida stand over a nest with three egg ; two be small , but the third one be huge ! henry which one do you say move ? ida the one on the leave . a smaller egg start to rock back and forth . the egg crack open and a big , healthy apatosaurus , libby , poke she head out of the top . a piece of shell rest on she forehead . ida / henry aw . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 3. ida you be a poppa . henry you be a momma . the top of the shell fall to the ground . Libby reach for it , and she egg tip over , fall on top of she . poppa reach down , lift up the egg shell . but Libby 's go ! newborn libby ( 0.s. ) ( squeaky roar ) she 's on momma 's back . she slide down momma 's neck . momma quickly grab she by the tail before she land on the ground . momma you little sneak . hello Libby . poppa Libby . the next small egg move in the nest . momma and poppa wait excitedly . bam . a leg punch out of the top , stretch around . bam . bam . bam . Three more punch out . the egg dart toward poppa , crash into a log post . it crumble away and another big , healthy apatosaurus , buck , shake he head . poppa hello , Buck . Buck pick up a nearby stick and start happily bashing away at poppa 's leg . poppa ( to momma ) he 's get you eye . the final , giant egg begin to move . momma and poppa wait in excitement . and wait . nothing . Buck appear out of nowhere , start hit the egg with he stick . poppa get out of there , you little prickle bush ! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 4. poppa chase Buck off the nest . on the large egg : a crack grow around the top ... poppa alright , this be gonna be a big one ! on the egg : the top fall off ... but no one be inside ! worried , poppa and momma lean forward to look into the egg . a tiny apatosaurus head rise up and peek , fearful , over the edge of the egg shell . poppa hello arlo . arlo look up at he poppa and momma , then go back down inside the shell . poppa smile , tip the egg to see tiny arlo , cling in fear to the bottom of the shell . poppa come on out . arlo hesitantly step out of the shell , like a cat step in water . he look up at he parent : he head be too big for he body , he leg so wobbly . momma look at you . arlo step forward , but the weight of he oversize head tip he over onto he nose . Buck appear out of nowhere , start beat arlo with he stick . poppa Buck ! Buck run off , Libby chase after he . excite by he sibling , arlo run to join they , zigzagge back and forth , try to get he balance . ext . cabin - continuous Buck and Libby have stop in the doorway , but arlo can not stop , tumble past they , roll out onto the farm . he look up , see the three gigantic mountain peak behind the cabin . poppa join arlo . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 5 . poppa that 's clawtooth Mountain . poppa gesture to the field . poppa and this be we farm . Libby , Buck , and momma gather round , look at the big world outside . momma and we be all gonna take care of it together . dissolve to : ext . field - day ( five year later ) fully grow corn . on libby : now 5 , water a corn field . Buck , also now 5 , be nearby stack log . Libby see Buck come toward she , get a idea . she hide in the corn row . as Buck walk by , Libby spit water at he . young buck what -- ! angry , Buck turn around search for the culprit . Libby poke she head out . young libby gotcha ! young buck Libby ! Buck reach into the water well nearby , take in a mouthful . Libby goad he by stick she tongue out , then hide in the corn . Buck spit water at she as she run back and forth through the row , taunting he . the whole field be soak ! Libby run out of the field , and Buck spray she with the little water he have leave . young buck get you back ! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 6. Libby call to momma who be nearby . young libby momma ! I be do water ! momma good job Libby . Buck , get back to you chore ! Buck fume . young buck what ?! young libby thanks Buck . young buck but -- I -- I -- he groan , roll he head in frustration . arlo , also now 5 , stand next to momma by the field . she place freshly shuck corn into a bucket around he neck . momma you be all set . she give he a loving nuzzle . young arlo can not I do somethin’ else , momma ? momma nudge arlo with she tail . momma get goin 's . young arlo okay . ext . chicken pen - continuous arlo carry the bucket of feed toward the chicken pen . he swallow . it 's ominous . he 's nervous , do not want to go in there . he step in cautiously , begin toss the corn on the ground . rustle of bushes . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 7 . young arlo who be that ? rustle of bushes . arlo hide behind he bucket . tweet . tweet . tweet . a tiny , adorable , prehistoric chick come out of the grass . young arlo oh ... hey eustice . arlo notice a bit of clover tangle on eustice 's foot . young arlo oh -- you stick little guy ? arlo gently nibble at the weed . young arlo let I get that for you . eustice stay put . young arlo you be free ... hello , move . go find you poppa . and you ... boom . boom . two ugly foot with giant talon step next to arlo . henrietta -- the chick 's ugly , mean ... young arlo ...momma . arlo freeze . CUT to : the gate slam open , arlo run , scream ! henrietta chase arlo out of the pen . ext . silo - continuous poppa at the silo , work . momma , Buck , and Libby nearby . arlo run past poppa head straight toward the river ! poppa stretch out he tail , grab arlo , curling he up close . poppa whoa ! the river be not somethin’ to mess around with there , arlo . be careful . what 's the problem ? ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 8. young arlo poppa , henrietta be the worst one in the coop . poppa yesterday you say footless Fran be the worst . young arlo she 's only get one foot ! poppa you do not have to like ‘em , arlo . you just have to feed ‘em . poppa fill the silo with corn through a small open . he seal up the hole with a boulder . poppa that should do it . he turn to the family . poppa now this will keep they rotten critter from stealin’ we food , because I make this silo one hundred percent critter proof . momma put you mark on there , Henry . you earn it . young buck yeah poppa , do it ! come on . young libby / young arlo yeah ! poppa smile . poppa only if you momma do it first . if anyone 's earn a mark ' round here , it 's she . momma smile . she put she foot into the mud , and mark one of the rock . poppa follow , put he mark up too . they stand back , look at the mark , smile . momma do you just put you mark higher than mine ? ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 9. poppa what ? no ! it 's just the angle you be look at it . momma the angle , huh ? momma nudge poppa playfully . young buck young libby ooo -- 000 -- 000 -- I too ! I -- I -- i- I wanna make my I want to put my mark on ! mark ! young arlo oh please , I wanna do it ! my turn ! they all stomp they foot into the mud , run toward the silo . poppa now hold on , it 's not that easy . he stop they . poppa you have gotta earn you mark . by doin 's somethin’ big , for somethin’ bigger than yourself . they consider it . poppa someday you 's 1ll all make you mark , and I can not wait to see it . on arlo : smiling with determination , look at momma and poppa 's mark . dissolve to : ext . wooded field - day ( five year later ) Buck , 10 , crack he neck , get himself ready . he lean down and pull up a massive tree ! he throw it on a stack of huge log . he have clear a whole new field . poppa and momma stand proudly watch . poppa that be how you clear a field . attaboy Buck . arlo , 10 , run by scream , chase by chicken . poppa chuckle . momma look at poppa concerned . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 10 . poppa he will figure it out . be just fine . ext . silo - day ( moment later ) Buck , momma , and poppa at the silo . poppa go on Buck , you earn it . Buck put he mark up . momma good job son . behind they , arlo look at the mark , the bucket of corn feed around he neck . he see how proud momma and poppa be . ext . field of furrow - day Libby , 10 , plow in the rain as momma and poppa cheer she on . momma you get it , Libby ! just a little bit more ! Libby finish , beam . poppa beautiful . momma you earn you mark sweetheart . ext . silo - day ( moment later ) on libby : make she mark . momma and poppa , next to Libby , so proud . arlo watch from afar , still with the bucket of corn feed . bawk . arlo turn , see the flock of chicken stare at he ! arlo scream , run by momma , poppa , and Libby -- chase by the chicken . he bump into Buck , who be stack tree . Buck 's whole pile get knock down . buck arlo ! poppa turn to momma , this time less positive . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 11 . poppa he ’1ll get there . ext . silo - day on arlo : look longingly at the family 's mark on the silo . the rock next to poppa 's , wait for he mark . arlo 's determine . ext . chicken pen - day ( moment later ) arlo march into frame , the bucket of feed around he neck . he 's in '' barney fife '' mode , full of false bravado . arlo march across the field , open the chicken pen gate . the chicken stick they head up out of the bush , cluck and scratch . arlo alright you clucker , you be about to get feed ! he stalk toward the flock . buck arloooo ... arlo see Buck lay in the grass , hurt . so beat up he can barely speak . buck come here ... arlo Buck ! what happen ?! buck I come to help you with you chore . and then they attack . arlo you be gonna be okay . buck tell momma I love she . I see a light ! his eye close , he head roll to the side -- he 's dead ! arlo I - I ’1ll go get help ! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 12. a shadow slowly rise behind arlo . arlo turn and see a giant chicken ! buck bawwwkkk ! bawk ! it attack arlo ! arlo scream ! until he realize -- Buck be laugh ! buck oh , you should see you face . arlo whirl around , see the giant chicken be buck tail dressed up in disguise . arlo I should have know ! arlo , furious , whacks the disguise away . he start pound Buck in the chest , but Buck be unaffected by the hit . arlo you always gotta mess I up ! Buck have have enough . buck I ?! he casually kick he leg , the force throw arlo to the ground . buck you mess up you chore , and everyone else 's ! arlo struggle to get up . Buck feint go after he , arlo flinch . buck you be such a coward . poppa ( 0.s. ) Buck ! momma , poppa , and Libby come up to the gate . arlo I be not a coward ! and I be gonna make my mark , just like you and Libby and everyone ! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 13. momma you will , darlin’ . you just need a little more time . that hurt . arlo stare at the ground . arlo forget it . I do not even want that dumb mark anyway . arlo stalk off . momma look to poppa : '' we gotta do something . '' poppa I get a idea . ext . farm - night the nighttime farm , peaceful . int . cabin - continuous the family asleep in the cabin . poppa arlo. arlo . wake up . arlo open he eye , unsure in the dark . he see poppa stand over he . poppa come with I . poppa head to the door . ext . field - continuous it 's scary out here , nighttime sound , dark shadow . arlo stay close to poppa . a howl go up ! arlo shudder , look back , and see how far they be from the cabin . the wilderness beyond the fence surround they . he can just make out the big clawtooth Mountain peak rise in the dark . arlo where be we goin 's ? ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 14 . poppa you will see . they come to a field of high grass , pockete with fog . poppa okay , now take a walk out there . arlo by myself ? poppa go on . arlo , scared but want to impress he father , cautiously move out into the grass . a ugly bug fly up out of the grass and land on arlo 's nose . arlo look at it , frighten . arlo poppa . poppa . poppa come over . arlo be freeze . poppa calm down . breathe . poppa gently blow on the bug ... it glow ! arlo 's eye go wide in awe ... the firefly lift off arlo 's nose , fly away into the night . poppa walk further out into the field . he look to arlo . poppa sometimes you gotta get through you fear to see the beauty on the other side . poppa swishes he tail in the grass and hundred of fireflies fly up into the air ! arlo wow ! poppa smile , run , whooping through the grass , firefly lift off all around he , like shimmer star . arlo love it , follow . arlo and poppa run through the field together , chase firefly , make the night dance . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 15 . poppa jump , boom ! his big foot landing -- create a circle of firefly rippling out into the tall grass and up into the starry sky . poppa 's tail come around arlo . and arlo lean into he poppa , content , safe . poppa look down at arlo . poppa I get a new job for you tomorrow . that be , if you still wanna make you mark . arlo smile up at he father : he sure do ! int . silo - day poppa peer through a hole in the silo , corn at the top lay half eaten . poppa a dang wilderness critter 's comin’ over the fence , eatin’ we food , and I have have it up to my snout . ext . silo - continuous angry , poppa kick the corn on the ground . arlo stand next to he at the silo , see the rock from the silo on the ground , the scattered half eat corn cob . poppa if this keep up , we will not have enough food to survive the winter . arlo understand the seriousness of this . poppa that 's why you be gonna catch that critter . on arlo : I ?! excite ! we now watch as arlo and poppa build a trap near the silo ! arlo pull a piece of rope around a tree stump . poppa pull one end of rope , arlo pull the other . they tie rock to the middle , create a net . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 16 . arlo set the trap , pull the net high into the tree as poppa set bait under the net -- a pile of corn . poppa place the trap 's trigger , a stick , in the bait . poppa then , along come a critter ... poppa roll a pumpkin onto the pile of corn , hit the trigger . the rope snap , the net fall down to the ground . a bundle of branch rattles loudly signify the trap be set . poppa pick up a huge stick . poppa and this be how you be gonna finish the job . he bring the stick down fast , smash the pumpkin . on arlo : gulp ! poppa set the stick next to the silo . poppa when that critter 's takin 's care of , you will put you mark on the silo , right next to mine . arlo look up , he eye light up . arlo I will take care of the critter , poppa . it will not stand a chance . ext . silo - day ( later ) arlo march in front of the silo , guard it . he carry the giant stick poppa leave . a beetle fly by and arlo dart for it . arlo what be you do , you bug ?! get outta here ... arlo chase it off . a leaf fall nearby . arlo move along leaf ! move along ! the leaf float off . arlo be pleased with himself but then ... ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 17 . the rattle of the trap sound . on arlo : he freeze , turn slowly toward the trap . scary thrashing sound come from the trap . arlo prepare himself with he big stick , go to investigate . the horrible thrashing sound grow louder with each step arlo take ... get closer ... closer ... he lift he head over the tall grass and find a animal struggle in the trap . the critter be piss off , scream and fight the trap . suddenly , the critter turn toward arlo ! arlo duck back down , hide in the brush . beat . the critter bite at the trap , push toward arlo . scare , arlo move back toward the silo . but then arlo swallow , get determine . this be he job ! he raise the stick over he head prepare for the kill . arlo y-y - you be dead critter . arlo notice the rope be bite into the critter , hurt it . it be choke and close to death . the critter look up -- its gaze be penetrate -- connect with arlo . arlo can not do it , he lower the branch . arlo move to the side -- still well away from the critter -- and spring the trap . the rope fall from the critter , and we now see it 's a human boy . the boy , shocked , look at the loosen rope around he foot . thunder in the distance , a storm be approach . arlo okay ... you be free . the boy / critter sniff toward arlo . arlo w-w - what be you do ? jus - just leave ! flee ! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 18. but the boy / critter keep come . arlo back away . arlo stay back . go ! bam . arlo trip over a rock . the boy / critter be almost on he ! it 's too much , arlo be terrify . he scream ! arlo 's yell startles the boy / critter , it take off into the high grass , run on all four . poppa arlo ! poppa rush up , see the critter take off into the wilderness . poppa can not believe it ! poppa why have you let it go ?! arlo it be be bitin’ , and comin ' at I and screechin’ ... and I -- poppa you have a job to do ! on arlo : he know he fail . poppa be angry ! we have never see he like this , he 's intense , intimidating . poppa you gotta get over you fear , arlo , or you will not survive out here ! poppa make a decision . poppa come on . poppa march arlo across the farm , follow the critter 's track . he use he tail to push arlo forward . poppa we be gonna finish you job right now . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 19 . ext . farm fence - continuous they get to the fence , arlo hesitates look out at the scary wilderness . it 's start to rain . arlo out there ? poppa turn . poppa get over . poppa use he tail to help arlo over the fence . the rain pick up in earnest . poppa and arlo move out into the wilderness , toward the mountain pass . ext . mountain pass - continuous arlo look back at the farm as it vanish in the distance . the wind be get strong . arlo look up . Storm cloud swirl above . he stay very close to poppa , try to be tough . arlo but poppa , what if we get lose ? poppa stay intent on he tracking , still frustrated with arlo . poppa as long as you can find the river , you can find you way home . poppa push arlo further along . poppa what do you see ? arlo be confuse , afraid ... arlo uh , uh t-t-tracks ? poppa and they be washin’ out , we gotta move . poppa be rush , arlo try to keep up . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 20 . poppa we be losin’ it ! poppa push harder , run to keep the track in sight . arlo try to keep up , but be fall behind . poppa arlo , keep movin 's ! boom . crash . a storm cell circle above they . crash . lightn flash . arlo flinch and trip over a boulder . he tumble to the ground , hurt he leg . arlo poppa , wait ! poppa keep push forward . poppa arlo what do I say about keep -- poppa turn back , see arlo struggle , limping . poppa realize he 's go too far . he stop . go to arlo . poppa it 's -- it 's okay . it 's okay arlo . I be 's -- I be sorry . I just want you to ... get through you fear . I know you have it in you . arlo but I be not like you . poppa you be I and more . arlo look up to poppa . crack . boom . thunder roll over they head , so close . arlo flinch . poppa look up at the storm , turn to arlo . poppa I think we go far enough today . he lift arlo out of the mud . poppa Storm 's gettin’ worse , let 's get you home . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 21. they start to head back , arlo still limping . the ground start to shake . poppa look up , alarmed . the river be rising . now poppa be all urgency . poppa arlo , move . he push arlo up the hill , away from the river . arlo 's foot slip on the wet rock as poppa push he . crash . poppa look upriver . something huge be barrel toward they , tree be fall ! poppa run arlo ! there be a roar . arlo look ahead through the tree and see , like a horrible monster , flood water banking down the narrow canyon , roaring toward they . arlo freeze , too terrify to move . poppa grab arlo , throw he up the bank . arlo land hard , look back to he father . arlo poppa ! poppa struggle to climb up the ledge . the flood water tumble toward he . arlo poppa ! poppa ! poppa ! poppa look to arlo just as the wall of water hit . CUT to black . fade in : ext . field - day on poppa grave marker : Fresh flower . Pan over to the farm . crop once lush be go fallow . poppa 's death have bring very hard time for the family . they be all out work hard , harvest . Buck and Libby work a few row away from arlo and momma . momma have a huge load of corn on she back . clearly tired , she start to walk , stumble to the ground . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 22 . arlo momma ! arlo run to she . momma if we do not get this harvest in before the first snow , we will not have enough food for winter . that sink in . momma I know it 's hard without poppa . but I need you to do more arlo . he pick up some corn she drop . arlo do not worry momma . I will not let we starve . momma you be a good son . ext . silo - day ( moment later ) arlo see the footprint on the silo . he look at poppa 's mark , the blank stone next to it . beat as he feel the loss of he father . but he have to do he job for momma ... arlo use he mouth to pull a rock loose from the silo , set it on the ground . he take a corn stalk from he back and strip it against the rock . he throw the cob into the silo . arlo reach for another stalk ... a corn cob fly out of the silo -- half eaten . a second eat corn cob fly out . arlo be shocked . int . silo - continuous arlo look into the dark silo and see the human boy eat corn ! the boy throw a corn cob over he back . it hit arlo in the face . arlo you ! the boy turn , see arlo , spit out another corn cob . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 23. arlo you have get some nerve comin’ here ... the boy stalk toward arlo . but arlo be angry , lunge at the critter . the boy dodge he . ext . silo - continuous the boy be fast , jump out of the way , down onto arlo 's back . the boy grab a stalk of corn , leap to the ground and run . arlo it 's all you fault ! the boy move swiftly on all four . arlo chase he , bite at he , try to grab hold of the stalk . arlo my poppa would still be alive if it be not for you ! arlo get ahold of the stalk of corn , but the boy do not let go . instead the boy climb on top of arlo 's face , freaking arlo out ! try to get the critter off , arlo twirl in circle , suddenly fall backward -- splash : into the river ! ext . river - continuous arlo tumble in the water , gasp for air ! he see the farm recede . arlo help -- arlo get pull under , he leap for air . arlo momma ! momma !! momma !!! but he 's already too far away , the current pull he down the river . arlo struggle to keep afloat . the rapid pull he under , he spin in circle , resurface . there 's a giant boulder ahead . arlo get pull under by the current . bam . he hit he head , almost knock out . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 24 . arlo resurface , he vision fade . the last thing he see be the loom jag peak of clawtooth Mountain . arlo pass out . fade to black . fade in : ext . sandbar - day arlo slowly come to , he body beach on a small sandbar . he struggle to stand , in shock , daze , he body aching . he stumble to the rocky beach . his foot and leg be scratch and bleed . he feel a bruise on he head . grimace in pain . he look up , around the sandbar , try to get he bearing . he 's surround by cliff wall . arlo momma ? no reply . arlo momma ! nothing . scare , arlo try to climb up the cliff wall , but he fear stop he , the loose dirt crumble under he foot . he slip , and fall all the way back down to the rocky beach . he lay on the ground a moment , bruise and batter , catch he breath . a howl go up . startle , arlo look up and see a figure at the top of the cliff . it 's the same critter / boy from the farm ! the boy look down at arlo , in what seem like curiosity . arlo be not curious -- he 's piss ! arlo you ! furious , arlo propel himself up the cliff to get at the boy ! arlo I -- I should have kill you ... the first time . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 25 . the boy just sit at the edge of the cliff , watch , as arlo ineptly get up the cliff . arlo lift he head up over the ledge . he use he neck to inch forward toward the boy . arlo this be all you fault ! he bite at the boy , try to get ahold of he . the boy quietly watch arlo 's struggle . arlo get over here ! get over here ! suddenly , the boy try to climb on arlo 's face again ! arlo ah ! get away ! get away ! get away ! get -- a -- way !!! arlo jerk he neck , toss the boy back . the boy tumble and then get up , look at arlo , still unfaze . the boy turn and use he hind leg to kick dirt in arlo 's face . that 's it ! arlo 's have it ! he roll himself up the ledge ready to fight ! but the boy be go . human hand and foot print lead into the wilderness . arlo that 's right , you better run ! psshhhh . the SOUND of a geyser echoe through the wilderness . arlo see the geyser lining a far ridge . the high point arlo can see , which mean the best place to see he surroundings . ext . ridge - continuous arlo climb to the top of the ridge , the wind whistling around he and he see ... vast mile of unpopulate wilderness . arlo where be I ? arlo turn in circle , he panic grow . on all side , just more wilderness . arlo where 's home ? ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 26 . he spot the river in the valley below he , go on for mile and mile ... and arlo realize ... arlo as long as you can find the river , you can find you way home . arlo start he journey upriver . ext . river' edge - day ( later ) arlo , tired , hungry , follow the river through the wood . he seem very small in this big world . he look for food , but find nothing . squish . arlo step on berry scattered on the ground . he taste the squash fruit off he foot ... it 's pretty good . his stomach growls . arlo look up the hillside , a berry tree ! ext . rocky slope / berry tree - day ( moment later ) arlo balance on a boulder , try to reach the berry hang high in a tree . the boulder tilt down the small incline ... arlo almost lose he balance , but catch himself . his hunger be make he more dare . he stretch he neck forward , blow on the berry to get they to swing closer to he . he try to grab they with he tooth . almost get they -- crack . the boulder give way , tumble down the slope . arlo crash to the ground ! bam ... bam . arlo lay there stunne , frustrated . he pick himself up -- but he foot be caught . he pull , but it 's stick fast between boulder . arlo panic , pull harder , but he foot will not budge . dissolve to : ext . rocky slope - night it 's dark now ... and arlo be still stick . we see arlo 's panicked track mark all around the boulder , evidence of he day - long struggle to pull himself free . he curl up , cold , scared , alone . a scary animal roar from the deep wood ... it 's something big ! what be out there ? ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 27 . it cry out again . arlo be not safe out here . he curl up tighter , just the moon for company . dissolve to : ext . rocky slope - day arlo wake up , not sure for a moment where he be . then he remember ... look at he foot ... but it 's free now , the earth dig out from under he foot . arlo be stunne . he see human track in the dirt . the same track he see around the silo and lead into the mountain pass ... ext . river' edge / woodland - day ( later ) arlo walk along the river through the wilderness . he limp , still bruise from he fall . it start to drizzle , soft thunder . arlo keep go -- but quickly he be cold and shiver . wilderness criteer scurry across the ground . the drizzle turn into rain . arlo 's footprint become puddle . thunderclap . arlo collect stick to build a makeshift shelter . but after only prop up three stick , they tumble to the ground . nearby creature be nestle in they dwelling , dry , safe . arlo notice one furry critter , sit under a overhung rock , have take particular interest in watch arlo 's effort . arlo try positioning larger branch , and have more success . he sit inside he shelter , proud , smile at the critter under the rock . the critter keep stare . arlo stick he tongue out at it . drip . drip . splash . a puddle pour down onto arlo 's face . the critter squeak , as if laugh at arlo . it go away and come back with two other criteer ( imply '' let 's watch this '' ) . they all squeak , stare at arlo . arlo groan , frustrated . CUT to : arlo rest under he makeshift shelter . wilderness SOUND . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 28 . nearby shrub rustle , arlo sit up -- something be come toward he ! arlo look out into the wilderness -- whatever it be , it 's get closer . the bush in front of arlo move and there be the boy . he carry a stunne lizard in he mouth . arlo you again ?! the boy lay the lizard in front of arlo . arlo get outta here ! the boy step back a few pace , look at arlo . arlo look at the stunne lizard in front of he . what be I suppose to do with that ? the boy look at arlo . wait . the lizard come awake , run off . the boy growl at arlo and leave , rush back into the brush . CUT to : arlo sleep in he shelter . the rain be much lighter now . the boy fly in on a bug , over arlo 's head , landing in the brush . the boy come out drag the huge ugly bug toward arlo . the boy flip the bug on its back and signal for arlo to eat it . arlo look at the bug in front of he . the head move back and forth . yuck . the boy notice arlo look at the bug 's pincher and slithering tongue , so he rip the head off ! then step back -- '' okay now eat it . '' repulsed , arlo take a branch , brushes the bug 's body and head to the side . the boy bark at arlo , run off again . CUT to : berry on a stick drop on the ground . the boy run off to the side , wait . arlo 's so relieved ! he take a small bite . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 29 . arlo I tell you to stay ... away ... from ... I ... he devour they . the boy keep a eye on arlo as he climb up a nearby boulder , he face show no emotion . it 's just a fact , you have to eat . the rain have stop . arlo I ... be still ... go to squeeze the life out of you . the berry be go , just the empty stick leave . arlo turn to the boy . arlo but before I do ... can you find I some more ? the boy just stare at he . arlo uh ... here . more of this . arlo pick up the stick with he mouth . the boy still stare . arlo you know ... um ... nom nom nom . arlo pretend to chew the stick . the boy grab the other end of the stick , start pull it . he 's play tug of war . arlo no ... no ... stop ! what be you do ? arlo let go , the boy gnaw on the branch . suddenly , the boy take off . arlo h- hey , wait ! arlo get up , see the boy dash away on all four . arlo be you take I to the berry ? arlo check to make sure the river be in sight , follow the boy . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 30 . ext . cliff - continuous there 's a cliff wall ahead . the boy jump onto a nearby lean tree , run across it like a squirrel . he jump down to a ledge , scamper up the cliff . arlo follow . arlo where be you go ? the ground beneath arlo narrow , each step become more precarious as they make they way up the cliff . arlo press he body tightly against the wall . rock crumble beneath he , tumble to the ground far below . the boy stop . the ledge end , with a huge gap to the other side . the boy think a moment . arlo i- I know it ! I be gonna die out here because of you ! the boy turn to arlo , start push arlo 's foot out from underneath he . arlo stumble , try to keep he balance . arlo hey -- hey -- hey -- hey -- hey , what be you do ? n-n - no , s-stop ! the boy get behind arlo and start push he toward the gap ! arlo hey ... hey ! no ! stop ! the boy bite arlo 's leg ! arlo yelp , lose he balance and crash forward ... he barely catch himself with he tooth , cling to the oppose cliff edge . he 's stretch out across the gap , the tip of he tail hold the other side . the boy scamper across he -- he 's make arlo into a bridge ! the boy climb over arlo 's face , step on he eye . arlo ow ! ow !! why you little ... come back here ! the boy sniff ahead . his body shiver , he foot tap . he 's find something ! the boy look back at arlo , happily panting . now arlo see they too ... arlo berries ! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 31 . arlo be suddenly full of energy . he drop he tail and propel himself up the oppose ledge . he run toward the berry bush . the boy start to growl . arlo walk past he , but the boy jump between arlo and the berry , growl fiercely . arlo what 's with you ? th- they be right here . the boy just get louder and louder . arlo push he away with he foot . arlo crazy critter . arlo break off a branch with berry ... and a serpent-like creature fall onto he face ! arlo yelp in surprise and fall off the ledge ! ext . aspen tree grove - continuous arlo 's fall be break by a patch of aspen tree below . as he stand up , the snake rise up in front of he . suddenly the boy jump between arlo and the snake . the snake lunge at the boy , but the boy attack it ! the two have a vicious fight , but the boy be tough , break free from the snake 's coil and head - butt the beast ... it squirm away into the nearby brush . arlo run next to the boy for safety . the boy shift from attack mode to happy canine , look up at arlo . arlo smile back but then ... voice ( 0.s. ) hello . arlo turn , startle . he look around . arlo hello ? voice ( 0.s. ) we have be watch you . arlo walk toward the voice , see a collection of creature gather on a tree . be it the furry critter talk ? voice ( 0.s. ) we think you be go to die . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 32 . be it the red bird talk ? voice ( 0.s. ) but then you do not . arlo focus on the wood . two eye appear , stare at arlo . forrest woodbush the pet collector -- a styracosaurus -- step out of the wood . he 's camouflage so he blend into the aspen tree , he horn cover in various tiny forest animal . arlo back up , intimidate . the red bird on the Pet collector tweet . he nod , then ask ... pet collector that creature protect you . why ? he gesture to the boy , who be sniff around the ground . arlo i- I do not know -- I be go home . do you know how far clawtooth Mountain be ? the bird tweet again . pet collector good idea ... we want he . arlo W - why ? pet collector Cause it 's terrifying out here . he can protect I , like my friend . he point to a small slug - like creature , rest on he horn . pet collector this be fury ... he protect I from the creature that crawl in the night . he point to a bored furry creature , who yawn . pet collector this be destructor ... she protect I from mosquito . he point to a cuddly , cute big eyed creature . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 33. pet collector this be dreamcrusher ... he protect I from have unrealistic goal . he point to the pretty , red bird . pet collector and this be Debbie . beat . Debbie tweet again . pet collector yes ... we need he . arlo be completely weird out . pet collector what be he name ? the boy have wander away , root around in some leave . arlo a name ? I do not know . pet collector hmm ... then I will meditate on this . he close he eye , then quickly open they . pet collector hmmmm ... I name he , I keep he . he close he eye , and start to chant . pet collector mmmm ... killer !... no response from the boy . pet collector mmmm ... Beast !... still no response . pet collector mmmm ... murderer ... mmmm ... arlo do not want to be out here alone , he know now that he need the boy . so he start try name . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 arlo uh ... grubby ! the boy continue digging , look for food . pet collector mmmm ... funeral planner !... mmm ... arlo uh ... cooty ! pet collector mmmm ... hemorrhoid !... arlo uh ... squirt ! pet collector uh ... fffffrank !... arlo stinky ! pet collector m-m-m-maniac ! arlo F - funky ! pet collector violet ! arlo spike ! pet collector lunatic ! arlo Spot ! the boy turn and look up at arlo . arlo smile . arlo Spot ! c-c - come here , Spot ! come here ! the boy run over to he . pet collector he be name . you clearly be connect . good for you . ( more ) ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential 34 . the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 35 . pet collector ( cont 'd ) on you path to clawtooth Mountain , that creature will keep you safe . do not ever lose he . arlo note that . the Pet collector 's bird start tweeting , she 's very upset , desperate . she 's go nut . pet collector no. n- no ... no ! you -- you can not have he Debbie ! no -- no -- no ! debbie ! she fly at arlo . Spot jump at she . arlo and Spot run ! pet collector Debbie ! stop ! you be better than this ! arlo and Spot hide behind a boulder , escape . Debbie fly by , the Pet collector chase after she . pet collector no , no , no ! come back ! debbie !! arlo and Spot laugh together as the Pet collector rush by . ext . river' edge - day arlo and Spot continue they journey upriver . ext . wooded field - continuous Spot smell something , follow the scent through the brush . he stop , shiver , he leg tap the ground . he 's find something ! he run ahead . arlo w- where you go ? i- I need to get home . Spot lead arlo to a gopher -like critter hide in a bush . he chase after it , try to jump on the gopher . it disappear down into a hole in the ground . Spot take a deep breath and blow into the hole . thoop . a gopher pop out of a different hole , Spot laugh . it 's a game ! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 36 . arlo smile , give it a go . he take a deep breath , and blow into a hole . thoo ... a gopher come up only halfway out of a hole , fall back down . the boy blow into a different hole . thoop . thoop . two gopher fly into the air . he turn to arlo , smile . arlo try again . thoo ... Three gopher , stack on top of each other , push halfway out of a hole , fall back down . the boy blow again . thoop . thoop . thoop . Three gopher fly out ! arlo 's jealous , take a huge breath , blow as hard as he can . thoop . thoop . thoop . thoop . thoop . thooop . thooop . thoop ... ! dozen of gopher fly into the air ! they rain down on arlo and the boy , who be utterly delighted . the gopher all turn and look at arlo , angry . they come at he en mass , crawl up he leg ! arlo run scream -- step on the creature as he go . arlo look back . the beast sink back into they hole . whew ! that be close . thoop . a gopher appear in front of arlo , bite he ! arlo stumble backward , slip into a small lake ! ext . lake - continuous panicked in the water , he flail he body around , gasp for air . Spot jump in , join he , doggy paddle in circle . arlo try to imitate Spot , kick he leg to get forward momentum . he 's do it ! he 's swim ! Spot lead he to the edge , jump out of the water , shake off . arlo step out of the water , proud of himself ... but be cover in leech ! he scream and run off . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 37 . ext . fruit tree - day fruit lie on the ground . arlo eat as much as he can , offer some to Spot . Spot look up to the fruit in the tree , then at the fruit on the ground . bug swarm around the half rotted berry . Spot start laugh , he eye become slit . arlo laugh too . Spot 's face start to grow ... what 's happen ? arlo now have five eye . they vision warp ! what be in this fruit ? they can not stop laugh ! they leap into the air in a share , happy hallucination . fade to white . ext . woodland - day arlo and Spot recover from they fruit hangover . Spot 's head hurt . arlo 's get he head wedge in a tree trunk . ext . meadow / overhang - night prehistoric criteer get comfortable together , nestle down in they nest for the night . arlo and Spot walk along the river through a meadow . a light flicker in front of arlo , it 's a firefly ! arlo Spot , watch this ! arlo brushes he tail through the tall grass . hundred of fireflies fly up into the night sky . Spot 's eye go wide . he chase after the firefly , jump in the air try to catch they in flight . arlo join he run through the meadow . they come to a rock overhang at the river 's edge . Spot catch a firefly with he hand , study it . arlo gently blow on it , the firefly glow bright . Spot let it go and they watch it fly up into the night sky . arlo smile . but then ... he smile fade . arlo I miss -- I miss my family . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 38. Spot look at he , do not understand . arlo family . Spot do not get it . arlo use stick as effigy , place one in the ground at he foot . arlo that 's I . arlo put three more effigy down . arlo there 's Libby , and Buck , and momma arlo stop . consider , emotional . then place the last effigy . arlo and -- and poppa . he draw a circle around they in the sand . arlo family . Spot approach , sniff , study the group , curious but confuse . arlo you do not understand ... arlo look down . arlo that 's okay . arlo rest he head on the sand . Spot rush off , rustling in a nearby bush . he come back ... break twig . he set down three crude , human effigy , two large and , between they , a smaller one . Spot draw a circle around they . arlo yes . that 's you family . Spot look at the effigy of he family , then lay down the two larger effigy -- he parent . cover they with sand . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 39 . he look at arlo . beat . arlo realize they have die . he look at he poppa 's effigy , consider . then arlo lay it down , cover it in sand . he rest he head against the small mound . arlo I miss he . he feel something -- look over . Spot be there , nestle against arlo , patting he leg in comfort . Spot return to he own effigy , put he hand on he parent 's mound and howl . arlo watch Spot mourn the loss of he parent . arlo look down at poppa 's mound , rest he paw on it , join Spot 's howl . they howl into the night . dissolve to : ext . overhang - day on arlo : sleep under the overhang . arlo wake up and find Spot curl in the nook of he arm , snore . Spot start run in he sleep , pounce onto arlo 's nose , waking himself up . arlo smile . Spot stretch , let out a big yawn . he walk off , scratch the ground , sniff . arlo stand up , greet the beautiful morning . he hear something , look over at the boy . Spot be behind a rock , he back toward we -- a drizzling noise come from he direction . it stop . the boy turn and look at arlo . arlo realize he 's watch Spot relieve himself , and , embarrassed , turn away . the drizzle noise start again . arlo sneak a look back around , where do Spot go ? he 's further away , up the hill . the wind pick up . arlo see dark cloud move in . ext . river 's edge - day arlo and Spot walk along the river . the wind stir up the dirt , make it hard to see . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 40 . arlo follow Spot , but as debris begin to fly at they on the strong wind , arlo get nervous , slow down . Spot be tenacious , keep push forward . arlo we should stop ! Spot do not hear , push on . boom . thunder crash , arlo flinch . menace storm cloud form overhead , lightning flash ! arlo stop ! boom ! the thunder grow louder . crash ! lightn flash close by . flashback - ext . mountain pass - day that day with he father in the clawtooth Mountain pass . the ground shaking , rain pour on they , water rush down the pass . poppa arlo , move . the flood water bank the corner . poppa run arlo ! the water roar down on they like a monster ! present day - ext . river 's edge - continuous crash ! lightn flash . on arlo : terrify . arlo rush away from the storm into the wood , off the river . Spot , concerned , follow . ext . woodland - continuous arlo run through the wood , scared , distract , slap by branch , the storm raging over he . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 41 . arlo dodge in different direction -- scared , get turn around . boom . thunder . arlo trip over debris on the ground , see a fall tree , its huge root ball expose . he crawl under the root , press himself into the earth , try to feel safe again . CUT to black . ext . geyser field - day the storm have pass . it 's devastation -- tree knock over everywhere . Spot appear , sniff arlo . he move a fall fir branch and find arlo curl up under the root ball . arlo see Spot , come out of he shelter . he look around ... he panic grow as he realize ... arlo w- where 's the river ? i- I have lose the river ?! he run forward , look , turn , look . arlo i'm never getting home ! I be never get home . he crumble . suddenly a shadow pass over . arlo look up -- see five pterodactyls fly in formation , like military search and rescue . arlo help ! Spot look up and see the pterodactyl . arlo run after they . arlo help ! help ! from pterodactyls 's Pov above : arlo be just a small green mark in a world of devastation . with arlo : the pterodactyl bank and come back . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 42. one land on a harden geyser pool in front of arlo , thunderclap . he 's tall , confident , on a mission . coldfront and downpour land behind he . the other continue fly above , look for something . thunderclap aw -- say friend , be you wounded ? arlo no , I be not hurt . thunderclap scan the grounds . thunderclap oh good , thank goodness for that . uh , coldfront , downpour , keep look for wounded folk . coldfront and downpour push into the rubble , search . arlo wait , I need to get home , clawtooth Mountain . thunderclap uh , clawtooth Mountain ?... oh , you mean the mountain range with uh , the three point ? arlo yes ! thunderclap yeah , oh yeah I have be there . uh , butcha know kid ... you be not even close . still , I know the way . arlo smile , relieved . arlo my name 's arlo . thunderclap laugh , catch himself . thunderclap I be sorry . I just -- I use to have a name like that once . but that be before I start follow the storm . arlo the storm ? ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 43. thunderclap the storm sweep I up ... I be afraid for my life . but the storm give I a relevation , and I be not scared anymore . arlo you mean a revelation ? thunderclap no . a re-le-va-tion ! okay ? I be at a real low point , you know , and the storm sweep I up to a real high point and then leave I at a higher relevation . arlo wow . thunderclap yeah wow . that 's when the storm give I my new name . because , what do we say ? downpour land nearby . downpour the storm provide . thunderclap the storm provide . you can call I thunderclap . arlo thunderclap . C - can you help I get home ? thunderclap um yeah ... well , uh maybe . thunderclap look around the area . thunderclap oh , but first we just need to check the area . there 's plenty of folk in a very bad way after a storm like this , dontcha know . coldfront thunderclap ! I find someone ! over here ! downpour fly over to coldfront . they try to lift up a lean log stick in the debris . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 44 , a little critter paw stick out from the rubble , scratch to get out . thunderclap you know , we could use you help friend . arlo smile nervously . CUT to : thunderclap , coldfront , and downpour pull one end of the lean log into the air . whack . arlo whip he tail against the log like a ax ( like he poppa do in Act one ) . whack . the log crack in half . arlo 's proud of himself . coldfront downpour whoa ! yeah ! thunderclap whoa ... that be great ! thunderclap reach into the rubble , pick out a little furry creature . arlo it 's a critter . thunderclap ah -- a freed critter , thanks to you . thunderclap lift it up high , look as if he will put it on the ground . but instead throw back he head and eat it . on arlo : horrify . arlo look around -- see Spot hide under some debris , shaking . he 's terrify of this folk . thunderclap you know , I just want to take a moment and thank the storm for this meal . downpour snap at the fox- like tail hang out of thunderclap 's mouth . thunderclap whirl at downpour -- and suddenly the three be fight like starve animal . it 's violent , unnerve . thunderclap get a advantage on the other two , whirling around . he hiss ! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 45 . thunderclap you think you can mess with I ? I have see the eye of the storm , and I forget what fear be ... I be not afraid of anything . downpour and coldfront back down . downpour no , I - i- I do not say you be , thunderclap . on arlo : terrify . he back up , quietly head toward Spot , who tremble in he hide place . thunderclap fly over , cut arlo off . thunderclap hey , where you goin ' , friend ? downpour and coldfront land behind arlo , he 's trap . arlo I - I be -- I need to get home . thunderclap and I say we would get you home . thunderclap lean into arlo , sniff he . thunderclap friend , you have a critter of you own . coldfront I smell it . one of the juicy one . downpour where be it ?! they tower over arlo . arlo h - he 's hide . over there , b-by that big rock . arlo point opposite where Spot be . downpour scrabble over the debris . coldfront follow . thunderclap stay behind . he do not buy it . he stare at arlo , fierce , intimidating . beat . arlo , worried , quickly glance over at Spot . thunderclap follow he gaze and see Spot . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 46 . thunderclap the storm provide . thunderclap fly after Spot . arlo no! Spot run -- slip away from thunderclap 's violent grab . arlo Spot ! arlo run to Spot , pick he up , and flee ! thunderclap get he ! the pterodactyl chase they into the wood ... ext . wooded field - continuous arlo run , pterodactyl follow , cackle in the chase . thunderclap hey , slow down ! there 's no place to hide , yellow - belly ! Spot on top of arlo 's back , hold on for dear life . downpour come back with that critter ! arlo run through the wood , and then , in the distance see long necked dinosaur graze . arlo oh ... help ! ext . hot spring - continuous arlo run toward the long neck , the pterodactyl get closer . arlo help ! the long neck dinosaur put its head up -- and we realize this be not a long neck -- it 's two dinosaur and they be tyrannosaurus rexes ! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 47 . they roar and come right at arlo . arlo turn and instinctively run away from they -- right back toward the pterodactyls ! thunderclap swoops around , grab ahold of arlo . arlo fall into a ball , protect Spot . roar ! T. rexe ramsey and nash fight the pterodactyl , to get they off arlo and Spot . ramsey jump after thunderclap and take one last shot , throw he to the ground . the pterodactyl take off , the T. rexe roaring behind they . the T. rexe walk back toward arlo . from arlo ’ss Pov : the T. rexe above he . he 's freeze in fear . ramsey lean down with she big mouth open ... but instead of eat he , she reach out she tiny arm to help he up . nash hey , you okay , kid ? arlo y-y - yes . ramsey I hate that kind . lyin 's son of crawdad , pickin’ on a kid ! Spot be at ramsey 's big foot . he smile up at she , lean against she leg . ramsey well , be not you just the cutest thing . she put she hand down for Spot to sniff , scratch under he chin . Spot lean into the scratch , enjoy it . arlo hm , he like you . nash lean in close to she . nash imagine that , ramsey ! even with you stinky face . she back he up , wave she arm in front of she . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 48. ramsey nash ! boundary ! this be my personal bubble . nash naw . that be not you bubble . this be you bubble . he jump up on top of she , and they start wrestle . boom ! a huge T. rex foot smack down . it 's a larger third T. rex , butch . butch nash ! get out of you sister 's bubble . ramsey and nash immediately stop wrestle -- though nash give she one last push . arlo , nervous , look up at butch , note the giant T. rex have a ugly scar across he face -- this be one mean-look guy . butch look down at arlo . butch you get no business bein 's out here . arlo yes sir , I do not . I be tryin' to get home , but I lose the river . please , my momma need I ! ramsey take it easy , kid . arlo do you know where the river be ? butch what river ? there 's ton of river around this part . arlo b- by clawtooth Mountain ? i- it have three point ? nash do not know that one . ramsey we be headin’ south to a waterin’ hole . come with we , someone there might help you . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 49 , butch we be not get time for babysittin’ . we get longhorn to round up ! butch and nash go back to they search . ramsey lean down to whisper to arlo . ramsey my genius brother lose we whole herd in one day . nash I do not lose ‘em , ramsey ! how many time I gotta tell you this ? they just , hm -- they just wander off ! butch and we still gotta find ‘em . we can not help ya kid . butch start to move off . arlo wait -- but -- what if we can help you ? butch slow ... arlo Spot can sniff out anything ! I see he do it ! butch turn . arlo he can find you longhorn . ramsey snatch the fur pelt out of nash 's hand . nash hey ! ramsey lean down , let Spot sniff it . arlo come on , Spot . sniff it out boy . Spot quickly move off into the canyon ahead . arlo good boy , Spot ! the trio follow after arlo and Spot . butch do not like it . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 50 . ext . canyon - day ( later ) the search party make they way through the open range , the giant T. rexe follow tiny Spot . suddenly Spot shiver , he leg tap the ground . arlo know what that mean ... arlo he 's get something ! Spot lunge to the ground , grab a bug . eat it . ramsey ah , dang . butch tower over arlo . butch hey kid . if you be pullin’ my leg , I be gonna eat yours . suddenly Spot race around excitedly , bark . the group move to where Spot be -- and see dozen of longhorn track go through the reed . ramsey he find the herd ! nash whooooeee ! we get ‘em ! arlo notice a blue feather catch in some brush . arlo wait . do longhorn have feather ? butch lean over , see the feather . butch rustler . arlo do not like the sound of that ... arlo rustler ? butch spot a dead longhorn in the tumbleweed . butch we gotta move . hya ! nash / ramsey hya ! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 51 . the T. rexe take off , they leg like gallop horse -- they top halve calm and concentrate on follow the track of they herd . on arlo : gulp . he scoops up Spot , chase after the T. rexe . ext . big sky country - continuous the track have disappear over a rise . the T. rexe stop , get on they belly . arlo join they belly crawl to the edge of the rise . there below they , out in Big Sky country , be the herd of longhorn . no sign of any other dinosaur . arlo I do not see any rustler . butch they be out there . the T. rexe move forward down the rise . arlo follow . arlo so ... how far do you say that water hole be ? butch I get a job for you . arlo I be not really good at job -- butch gesture to the right flank of the herd . butch I need you to keep on the dodge and sidle up the lob lolly past they hornhead , just hootin and hollerin’ to score off they rustler . we will cut dirt and get the bulge on ‘em . arlo what ? ramsey he just want you to get on that rock and scream . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 52. she gesture to a boulder , tilting in the CENTER of the field . longhorn all around it . arlo uh ... but , who 's out there ? butch they 'il come right at you . you hold you ground . do not move . arlo do not move ? what if they have claw and big tooth ? butch do not over think it . he push arlo out into the field ! arlo , with Spot on he back , go a few step , but do not want to do this . he glance back at the T. rexe . butch nod - ~ " gol " arlo steel himself ( do a '' get over my fear '' face ) , and move toward the herd . he creep through the grass , look back again . the T. rexe be now go ! arlo continue . arlo and Spot make it to the rock . arlo do he '' get over my fear " face again , and climb on top . he open he mouth to roar ... nothing come out ! just a strangle whisper . Spot watch arlo try again -- still nothing ! Spot bite arlo , he scream ! suddenly arlo see something in the tall grass move toward he ... first one ... then another ... rustlers coming right at he ! arlo turn around -- bubbha , a mean-look velociraptor , stare at he ... nose to nose . bubbha howdy ! another rustler lunge out , lurleane . she seem rabid , gnash she tooth and grunt . a third rustler , pervis , pop out of the tall grass nearby . bubbha what be you up to , boy ? ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 53. arlo n-n-n-nothin’ . lurleane nothin 's ? awe -- what 's you name ? arlo uh ... a- ar- arl -arlo . bubbha well ah - ah - ah - arlo , you do not look like you be doin’ nothing . what 's he look like he 's doin’ to you lurleane ? pervis oh come on , bubbha , ask I ! ask I what I think they be doin’ . bubbha pervis , shut you mouth ! lurleane look like he 's trespassin’ . bubbha and what do we do with trespasper ? tell ‘em Earl . something crawl up arlo 's rock from behind ! earl we kill ‘em ! arlo turn , see Earl lung at he ! arlo close he eye , sure he 's a goner when ... butch leap out of the grass and grab Earl in midair . the other three raptors leap into the air at arlo , but nash be there , swipe they down . arlo be stunne . it 's like be in the middle of a bar fight . pervis land on the rock , jump at arlo . pervis I gotcha !!! boom . pervis be cut off by butch head - but he into the herd . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 54 . pervis land hard stir up the longhorn . the herd stampede -- run over pervis -- right toward arlo ! arlo freeze with fear . Spot see this , jump on arlo , bark at he , snap he out of it . arlo take off , run with Spot on he back . nash keep fight off the other raptors . ramsey see the longhorn be stampede . ramsey nash ! the herd ! hya ! hya ! ramsey and nash go after the herd , leave arlo behind . nash hya ! giddyup ! come on now ! giddyup ! hya ! ramsey let 's go ! ramsey see a raptor , bubbha , ready to attack nash from on top of a longhorn . ramsey watch out ! bubbha jump on nash -- they brawl . nash nobody steal we longhorn ! bubbha smile . bubbha finder keeper ! bubbha have nash in a bad position -- take he talon back for a blow . ramsey charge into the fight -- kick bubbha 's butt with a impressive tail whip : crack ! bubbha go fly back . he stand , now even more energize in the fight . bubbha yeehaw !!! bubbha run at ramsey and nash . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 55 . with arlo and spot : they run from the herd , get toss around . Spot 's agitate , he bark at the longhorn as they pass . arlo run to safety behind a boulder , watch the action with Spot from the middle of the herd . nash run by , Earl on he back ... ramsey chase after they . lurleane land on the boulder . arlo duck down for cover . lurleane come on out , momma want to play with you ... Spot growl . arlo grab he so he do not give they hide place away . lurleane I know you be there . I can smell ya . butch charge in with pervis on he back . lurleane jump from the rock , onto butch . arlo try to get out of the way , but get whacked by butch 's tail . the raptors pin butch to the ground in front of arlo ! arlo freeze with fear , but see butch struggle snap arlo out of it . determined , arlo run straight toward lurleane , head - butting her across the field ! pervis be on top of butch -- whack ! arlo whip he across the face with he tail . arlo can not believe it , he do it ! pervis stand , realize he lip be bleed . pervis aw shoot ! that 's my favorite tooth ! he pull out he tooth . pervis and lurleane turn to arlo . lurleane I be gonna love end you . arlo 's smile quickly fade as lurleane and pervis lunge at he ! they suddenly be pick up in the air . it 's butch -- he 's get they by the tail ! butch throw they far into the distance . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 56 . nash and ramsey chase off Earl and bubbha . butch snap at Earl 's tail as he run by , get a mouth full of feather . ramsey and nash come up next to butch and arlo . the T. rexe roar ! ramsey look over , nudge arlo to roar too . he roar as loud as he can ! nash turn to arlo . nash come on , we gotta drive this herd outta here . he nip at a longhorn . nash hya ! come on now ! arlo and Spot chase after the T. rexe and the herd . ext . big sky country - day ( later ) arlo and Spot herd the longhorn onward with butch , ramsey , and nash . ext . camp site - night over wide shot of the campfire , we hear ... a harmonica playing ... we see it 's nash play a bug harmonica . he , butch , ramsey , arlo , and Spot be gather around the fire , sit on giant log . ramsey use a stick to play with Spot . Spot pull on the stick , growl . ramsey love it . ramsey be not you the cutest ?! butch you and that critter show real grit today . arlo smile . nash stop play . nash we could use that critter . how about we trade ? i’1l give you my harmonica for ‘im ? ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 57 . he hold out he bug . arlo thanks , but Spot be not for tradin’ . come here , Spot . come here . Spot let go of ramsey 's stick , run over to arlo . nash you loss . nash toss the bug in he mouth . Spot lick he wound . arlo see a small bruise and cut on he own forearm . ramsey notice it too . ramsey that 's a good one . gonna scar up real good . nash that 's nothin 's ! look at this ! he hold up he leg with a ugly scar up he calf . nash I run into fifteen outlaw steggos . they be all bigger and I . an’ meaner than I . arlo what happen ? nash fought ‘em off of course ! be winnin’ too , then one get he dang spiky tail stick in my foot , and pull . arlo woah . nash put he foot in the fire , feel nothing . nash still can not feel my toe . nash blow he foot out , the smoke billow into arlo 's face . ramsey which come in handy when you be kickin’ pile of bull -- ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 58. nash shhee 's jealous ! ramsey jealous ? ha ! ramsey lean in to tell she story . ramsey once , a stampede of longhorn be comin’ right at I . but my tail be stick between a rock and a hard place . I be dead for sure . she pull she tail around -- it 's just a nub ! ramsey so I chew the dang thing off ! butch , nash , and ramsey laugh . nash who do that ? nobody do that . ramsey 's chew tail be right in front of arlo . he pretend to laugh , push it aside . ramsey that be a good one . nash you be crazy ! I be surprised you do not have one right across you face . butch turn he head , and we see again the huge scar up the side of he face . arlo butch , how have you get you scar ? butch I do not know if you be ready for that story . arlo I can take it . nash oohh yeah , you get to tell he pa ! ramsey that 's a good one ! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 59 . butch clear he throat . butch it be a hundred degree in the shade . I walk for five day with no water . then I see it . a pretty pond . I bent down to take a drink , when this croc launch outta the water . one croc bit I on the face . ai not no way I be not its supper , except for one thing . I wat not ready for dyin’ that day . I bit one croc in half , tail whipped the other and the last one , well ... I drown that croc in my own blood . arlo woah . ramsey / nash dang ! nash 's little arm twitch . nash look , look -- give I lil ' goosy every time . ramsey I love that story . she get excited . ramsey show he you souvenir ! butch pull he cheek back and we see a croc tooth lodge up in butch 's jaw . he wiggle it back and forth with he tongue . nash and ramsey love it . ramsey lean over to arlo . ramsey ai not that just too good ?! arlo nod , in awe ... slightly overwhelm . nash lean toward butch . nash can I touch it this time ?! butch no . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 60 . arlo you guy would have like my poppa . he be not scared of anything . arlo think of he father -- butch clock this moment , wait . arlo I be do be scared . butch who say I be not scared ? that surprise arlo . arlo but you take on a croc . butch and I be scared doin 's it -- if you be not scared of a croc bitin 's ya on the face , you be not alive . arlo consider that ... butch listen kid , you can not get rid of fear . it 's like mother nature . you can not beat she or outrun she . but you can get through it . you can find out what you be make of . that hit arlo . something drift down in front of arlo in the firelight . he look -- see more SMALL flake drift down . arlo the first snow . ramsey it 's early this year . arlo and I gotta get home to momma . nash we will get you to that waterin’ hole . butch a deal 's a deal . at first light , we ride . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 61 . ext . big sky country - day the T. rexe herd the longhorn onward . ramsey let 's go ! nash hya ! arlo and Spot pick up the rear . butch spot the herd split off on one side . call over to arlo . butch hey kid , head ‘em off before that longhorn split ! arlo look back to Spot : '' we can do this . '' arlo and Spot run alongside the longhorn break away . up ahead be a rocky ridge that 'il cut the loose longhorn from the herd ! arlo roar at they , but the longhorn do not shift course , keep head away . arlo turn into they , whack -- he whip he tail ! it startles the loose longhorn . they curve back into the main herd just in time , miss the ridge ! arlo keep roaring and whipping the herd onward . arlo smile back to Spot , they do it ! they pass butch , he 's impressed . butch hya ! the group come up over a slope . through the distant ridge arlo see ... arlo there it be ... clawtooth Mountain , there 's home ! ramsey / nash whooeee ! nash we gotta drive this herd down south . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 62. ramsey you hurry on back to you momma , and do not stop for nothin’ . arlo thanks . I sure appreciate you lookin’ out for I . arlo and Spot take off for the mountain pass . butch you will be alright . you be one tough kid . arlo smile . this be a lot come from butch . the T. rexe drive the herd . arlo and Spot continue toward the pass . ext . river' edge / field - day arlo and Spot , back on the river , clawtooth Mountain in the distance ! they be head home ... Spot jump onto arlo 's back , climb up to the top of he head , enjoy the ride . they run into a mustering of wading bird . without hesitation , arlo run straight toward the flock . he and Spot roar ! bird fly on either side of they , Spot howl . arlo howl back . Spot love it . ext . ridge - continuous arlo leap up the rocky terrain . he toss Spot up into the cloud . Spot fly so high , he go above the cloud cover and see glimpsis of the sun , then fall back to arlo . Spot signal upward , ask arlo to do it again . arlo throw he up , catch he again . Spot signal for they to climb the peak , he want to show arlo . arlo peek he head through the cloud . they watch the sun beginning to set behind the peak of clawtooth Mountain . a wondrous sight to share . they look to each other , smile . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 63. arlo wow . ext . rolling hill - day ( later ) Spot and arlo run -- the wind kick up . Far away , a rumble of thunder ... they come up over a hill line and see the base of clawtooth Mountain , home 's just on the other side ! arlo it 's so close ... we be almost there , Spot . arlo howl in excitement ! Spot get catch up in the energy , howl too ! another howl respond . arlo slow down , Spot go on alert -- look all around . Spot howl again . now he and arlo see ... a figure on a ridge ahead . the figure return they call . Spot jump from arlo 's back and cautiously make he way forward . on a ridge : the silhouette of a human . arlo be rivete , watch as Spot move away , toward the human . the human figure move forward . Spot sniff forward , move further away from arlo ... on arlo : concerned , see that Spot might leave he . the human move down the ridge ... Spot walk closer . worried , arlo scoops Spot up onto he back . arlo we need to get home . arlo leave the tree line , head upriver . Spot look back to the human one last time , then turn back toward arlo . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 64 . arlo look back , the human be out of sight . boom ... boom . ext . steep river pass - day ( later ) arlo and Spot hurry along toward clawtooth Mountain . arlo you be gonna love it , Spot . you 'il have a warm place to sleep , right next to I . and all the corn you can eat . there 's lot of space to run around ... it will be you farm too . wind pick up ... arlo we will all look after it together ... it 's start to rain . arlo see storm cloud cover the mountain pass . the ground be wet . it be very similar to the day he and he father walk into the pass . lightn flash , arlo flinch . arlo I can not . nervous , he back away . but then he see something that make he stop ... what look like a shark fin , cut through the cloud above he . first one , then another ... there be five of they , circle ! crack . lightn flash . we see the silhouettes of pterodactyl above the cloud . on arlo : oh no ... cackle echo across the pass . it all happen very fast . the pterodactyl dive down out of the cloud , straight at arlo . they scratch he side , drive he up the ridge to a massive cliff ! arlo be trap -- far below a giant briar BUSH . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 65 . like a shark attack , the pterodactyl dive and beat at arlo , talon and wing in he face . they be hurt he , draw blood . arlo spin , frighten , unable to fight . whoosh ! thunderclap swoops down , grab ahold of Spot ! arlo quickly grab onto Spot 's arm , tug the other way . arlo no ! Spot reach for arlo , fight , but can not get himself free . arlo spot !! thunderclap growl into arlo 's face , spook he . arlo lose he grip , and Spot be go ! arlo s-spot !! the other pterodactyl snap at arlo . he stumble , slide off the ridge and fall down into the bramble below . ext . bramble patch - continuous the bramble wrap tightly around arlo as he tumble to the ground . the pterodactyl can not get to he ... he 's deep in the vine . they leave , chase after thunderclap , who be carry Spot into the mountain pass . arlo struggle in the bramble , try to keep sight of Spot . arlo spot ! but the bramble tangle he foot , hold he fast . arlo 's struggle lessen , the bramble overtake he . a large bramble around he neck tighten . Spot howl for arlo , he cry echoe across the pass ! arlo see the pterodactyl take Spot into clawtooth Mountain . they disappear into the cloud . Spot be go . arlo no! spott !! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 66 . arlo give one last pull against the bramble . a piece of rock be pull loose , hit arlo in the head . arlo 's vision blur , he hearing ringing . boom . boom . something be move toward he . and it 's very large . crack . crack . bramble be break away ... and there be poppa . arlo be shocked . arlo poppa ? poppa 's energy be fatherly , protective , as we see he last ... arlo poppa ? arlo still processing , this can not be real . poppa help he stand . arlo you be alive ?! i- I can not -- I can not believe it , it 's you ! poppa put he tail around arlo , hurry he along , away from the storm . arlo lean into he poppa , content , safe . boom . boom . crack . arlo look up at the storm , realize ... arlo but my friend , Spot -- poppa keep walk . arlo h- he help I and now he 's in trouble . we have to go back ! poppa keep walk , he tail around arlo . arlo poppa , stop . poppa do not stop . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 67 . arlo stop ! he do not respond . arlo slow down , poppa 's tail slide from around he ... arlo stop . arlo poppa ? beat . arlo realize that poppa be not leave footprint . arlo you be not here . poppa stop . arlo I be scared ... but Spot need I . I blame he for what happen to you , but -- it be not he fault . poppa turn to arlo . arlo so I gotta go help he . because ... I love he . poppa go to arlo . poppa I know you have it in you . you be I and more . arlo smile . poppa now go take care of that critter . poppa smile , fade into the rain . CUT to : arlo wake up . he 's still trap in the bramble . arlo pull against they , determine to break free . SNAP . a bramble break . SNAP another and another . the last of the bramble SNAP away . arlo push through and be off to rescue Spot ! ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 68. ext . mountain pass - continuous the storm be raging , the sky dark . a storm cell circle around the mountain peak . arlo run up the mountain , howling as loud as he can . lightn strike the ground around he . a bolt hit a tree ahead , arlo dodge it just in time . arlo climb a massive boulder , look around search for Spot . he howl again . wait ... Spot return he call ! arlo run toward he . ext . mountain pass / river valley - continuous arlo find the pterodactyl at the river , around a dead tree trunk . Spot be inside the tree , clearly hurt , try to protect himself but vulnerable . pterodcatyls I be hungry ! he 's mine ! I want he ! back off ! I get he first ! let I through ! quit hoggin 's ! no ! do not be greedy ! let 's eat ! stop you fightin 's ! the pterodactyl smash into the tree , over and over again , knock Spot back and forth . he howl , call for arlo . arlo charge they , run down the steep slope . he head - butt two pterodactyl into the river ! they be sweep away by the current . the remain three pterodactyl -- thunderclap , downpour , and coldfront -- turn toward arlo . thunderclap well , look who get relevate . downpour fly at arlo . arlo charge right at she , full speed , but just as they be about to collide , downpour fly to the side . arlo skid in the mud . Spot cry out . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 69 . thunderclap ( to downpour and coldfront ) go get he ! coldfront and downpour fly at arlo -- use they beak and wing to beat at he . they lift he in the air , drag he away from Spot ! but arlo be not give up ... arlo Spot ! thunderclap dive for Spot in the trunk , determine . he will have this meal . arlo Spot ! thunderclap snap at Spot with he beak . the river be rising around the tree , fast ! arlo fight against the grip of downpour and coldfront , reach for Spot . thunderclap claw at Spot , force he deeper into the tree , but water be gush into the trunk ! arlo strain against the pterodactyl 's grip , they have pull he midair . arlo turn and see they have fly near a fir tree . he spin around in the pterodactyl 's grip , use he tail to whack into the trunk . crack ! the tree snap in half . downpour and coldfront lose they grip , drop arlo . they be smashed by the tree , fall into the river 's rush water ! they be sweep away . Spot cry out . arlo look to Spot . the tree trunk be nearly submerge -- Spot be defenseless , force to the top of the tree by the water . thunderclap be about to reach spot ! thunderclap the storm provide . arlo roar , he voice deep and demand ! thunderclap be catch off guard by arlo 's roar . Spot seize the moment , bite he in the wing , rip out a chunk ! thunderclap look at he wing , see the giant hole Spot rip out -- he scream ! thunderclap fly off , furiously defeat . arlo pick up a break tree branch , chuck it at thunderclap , knock he into the water . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 70 . the ground begin to shake , arlo turn upriver : a massive landslide crumble down into the river valley , water crash down the pass -- a flash flood be roaring toward they ! the river 's raging water push a wall of debris , tree be knock down in its path . arlo look to Spot hold on to the tree -- right in the center of the flood 's path ! Spot reach for arlo , but arlo be too far downriver . arlo must get to Spot now ! arlo run up the bank , toward the rush flood water , the storm blow against he . arlo Spot ! arlo run , try to outpace the flood . arlo spot !! on spot : the debris be barrel toward he , he lower down into the tree trunk for protection . on arlo : he leap between spot and the wall of water ! bam ! the flood water hit arlo midair , he 's knock into the water by the debris . ext . river - continuous arlo struggle to swim in the current . debris cut into he skin . he resurface , search for Spot . arlo Spot ! the current pull he back under , he resurface , gasp for air and see ... spot ! unconscious , float in the tree . arlo hear the roar of a waterfall , tree crash over the edge . arlo swim toward Spot ! Spot 's eye start to open ... arlo fight the current . a massive tree be head toward he , its limb stick out like spike . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 71 . arlo dive down , swim beneath it , the branch cut into he . he do not flinch , determine to reach Spot . he resurface ... arlo be almost to Spot ... but they be quickly approach the waterfall ! Spot 's tree submerges . he jump -- swim toward arlo . arlo stretch he neck out , try to reach Spot . the fall approach -- they be almost to one another ... as they go over the fall , arlo make one last push and be able to get Spot cradle in a embrace . and they be go . beat . arlo resurface carry a unconscious Spot . arlo paddle to shore . he crumble to the ground , gently lay Spot on he leg . arlo nudge Spot , try to wake he . Spot do not move . beat . arlo gently blow on Spot . Spot cough , open he eye . they look to each other , smile . '' we be okay . '' arlo lay he head down , close he eye in exhaustion . ext . mountain crest - day no more rain . Spot on arlo 's back -- they climb the incline toward home -- arlo strong , confident . they crest the ridge -- there below they be arlo 's farm . we feel how relieved and happy arlo be , they smile at each other . arlo we be home , Spot . a howl goe up . arlo and Spot turn and see the same human figure in the distance . then , more figure surround he -- a mother , and two child . it 's a human family . arlo look down at Spot -- see he 's captivate . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 72. the father come forward . Spot jump off arlo , go to investigate . the father come closer to Spot , sniff . Spot back up ... on arlo : watch this . Spot sniff the father . the family gather around Spot . the mother step forward . she lean down , look into Spot 's eye . she reach she hand out to he cheek . he smile , fall into she palm . they forehead meet . the mother look to she child , gesture they forward . they run to Spot , press they forehead against he . on arlo : smiling , so much affection . the father lift Spot , gently press he forehead against Spot 's . excite , Spot jump , rub he head into the father 's . watch this , arlo know what he have to do . he stand . Spot look at arlo , run to he , climb up onto arlo 's back . he smile up at arlo . arlo lower down , gently slide Spot off . Spot do not understand . arlo push Spot over to the family . Spot turn to the family , then back to arlo . beat . Spot run to arlo . arlo push he again to the family . he draw a circle around they . Spot look back to the family , to the circle , then to arlo . he understand ... Spot hug arlo good - bye , both have tear in they eye . Spot scamper back toward the family . he look at the circle 's edge and step inside . the father stick out he hand , Spot grab it , and stand on two feet . the mother come to take Spot 's other hand and arlo watch as this new family walk off into the distance . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential the good dinosaur - Academy screenplay - 10/26/2015 73 . Spot look back at he friend one last time . he howl . arlo return he call . a tear run down arlo 's cheek . he watch as they walk away . ext . farm fence - day arlo walk the last part of he journey alone . his giant shadow sweep across the landscape . arlo step over the fence onto the farm . ext . field - day the farm be struggle , field still die , pile - up harvest not yet store . with momma : she 's harvest in the field . she look up from she work -- see a strong , confident dinosaur in the shadow near the cabin . for one moment ... momma Henry ? but then the dinosaur step into the light ... momma arlo ? she run to he . momma arlo !!! she grab he . Libby and Buck run in from the field . the family find each other . ext . silo - day the family gather around the silo . momma , Buck , and Libby stand proudly behind arlo . momma gesture he forward . arlo stomp he foot in the mud , place he mark on the silo . on arlo : proud , look at the family 's footprint . on the silo : arlo 's mark , right next to poppa 's . he 's home . fade to black . ©2015 disney * pixar - privileged and confidential