the two pope written by Anthony mccarten pre- title : over a black screen we hear the robotic voice of telephone system . voice : welcome to skytour . for flight information please press '' 1 '' . if you be call about a exist book please press '' 2 '' . if you be call about a new book please press '' 3 '' ... a modern the beep of someone ( bergoglio ) press a button . voice : ( cont 'd ) do you know that you can book any flight on the skytour website and that we discount price be internet only ... bergoglio : ( v.o. ) oh good evening I ... oh . he 's mistaken this last for a human voice but .. voice : ( v.o. ) .». if you still wish to speak to a operator please press one ... another beep . voice : ( v.o. ) good morning welcome to the skytour sale desk ... bergoglio : ( v.o . ) ah . yes . I be look for a flight from Rome to lampedusa . yes I know I could book it on the internet . I have only just move here . voice : name ? bergoglio : bergoglio . jorge bergoglio . voice : like the pope. bergoglio : well ... yes ... in fact . voice : postcode ? bergoglio : vatican city . there 's a long pause . voice : very funny . the line go dead . title : the two pope . ( all the scene that take place in Argentina be act in Spanish ) ext . villa 21 ( 2005 ) - day a smartly - dress boy be walk along the narrow street of villa 21 - a poor area that be explode with music , street vendor , traffic . he strut past the astonish mural that decorate the wall of the area . the boy be head for a outdoor mass , celebrate by archbishop bergoglio . as he walk along we tune into the sermon on vo ... bergoglio ( v.0 . ) once a young man - he name be francesco bernadone walk in the wood ... this fairy tale open surroundings but as the the wall come to life = we be hearing ... on the dilapidate city of St. Francis begin to bergoglio ( v.0 . ) habia una vez un muchacho que caminaba por un bosque ... se llamaba Francisco bernadone . - be seem at odd with the noisy urban young man walk , we see the mural on animated illustration of the story wall we see this story from the life unfold . bergoglio : ( v.o. ) he find a chapel - a ruin chapel ... one wall have fall down . so he step inside . the crucifix be still on the wall where the altar have be . afterwards francesco always say it '' captivate he sense '' . it speak to he . it say , '' francesco repair my Church . '' francesco be a practical man . he say ok , go up to the quarry on top of mount subaccio , cut stone , carte they down the mountain and start to repair the break wall . bergoglio ( v.o . ) ++. de pronto encontré una capilla - una capilla muy venida abajo ... con todas las parede pradcticamente destruidas . El muchacho entr6 ... El crucifijo todavia estaba ahi , en el lugar donde habia estado el altar . De pronto , Francisco sintid6 como si alguien cautivara sus sentidos ... El crucifijo le habl6 y le dijo : Francisco repara mis iglesia . Francisco era un hombre practico . y dijo '' cémo no ... '' fue a la cantera en la punta del monte subaccio , cort6 una piedra , las arrastr6 hasta abajo y empez6 a reconstruir las parede que estaban caida . at this point , another boy cross the mural and we follow he down the street and into the back of a big colorful crowd ... ext . villa 21 - outdoor Mass ( 2005 ) - day the crowd be the congregation of the big outdoor mass which bergoglio be con-celebrate with a young priest - pepe ( 38 ) . sermon . the story we have be bergoglio : even the longest journey have to start somewhere . even the most glorious journey can start with a mistake . so when you feel lose , do not worry . that 's when God be look for you . and when you think everything be break - do not worry . God will not give up on it . ok ? he 's finish now ... listen to be bergoglio 's bergoglio : cualquier travesia , por mas larga que sea , siempre comienza en algin lugar . cualquier travesia , por mas gloriosa que sea , puede comenzar con un error . por eso , cuando se sientan perdido , no se preocupen . ese es el momento en que dios los va a estar observando . y cuando piensen que todo esta perdido , no se preocupen , dios no se dara por vencido . é entendido ? this be not a rhetorical question . people shout '' si '' back but not loud enough . bergoglio : ok ? now they shout louder . bergoglio : éentendido ? pick up on the Lorenzo , who have cut through the crowd to join a group of other well - dress young man , all perch on top of a slab . they be all pal . they be not that interested in what bergoglio be say . bergoglio : and now we come to the part of the mass where we normally ask we Lady to pray for we . but I have be think ... we have get lot of trouble here in villa 21 so maybe it 's not fair to leave it all to we Lady . who else could we ask to pray for we ? bergoglio : ahora llegamos a esa parte de la misa donde generalmente le pedimo a nuestra sefiora que rece por nosotros . pero estuve pensando ... hemos tenidos muchos problema , aca , en la villa 21 , entonce quizad no es justo dejar todo en mano de nuestra sefiora ... éa quien mas le podemo pedir que rece por nosotros ? he point to a well - dress young man in the crowd . bergoglio : hombre , what 's you name ? young man : ( on edge ) Lorenzo . bergoglio : the name of my team - San Lorenzo ! bergoglio : a ver ... el joven ... écdémo the llama ? hombre joven : ( sobre la losa ) Lorenzo . bergoglio : El nombre de mis equipo ... isan Lorenzo ! this provoke huge , good - nature boo . in villa 21 they support huracadn . but the young man look uncomfortable about become the object of attention . he 's with the well - dress boy ... bergoglio : San Lorenzo , pray for we . bergoglio : San Lorenzo , reza por nosotros . the well - dress young man be look uneasy . they be drug dealer . CUT to : pepe and bergoglio , make they way , people stop they to ask for blessing or just say hi . someone hand bergoglio a mate . he take a drink and pass it on . a woman barge through the crowd to the priest and blurt out some news . the little bell from the local church ring ... woman : mujer : father , it 's the Pope . the padre ... el papa ... El papa Pope be dead . murid . insert : archival footage straight off that announcement on a street in South America , we cut to the awesome sight of John Paul ii 's body be carry through the crowd to the basilica . int . lobby with arch , the vatican ( 2005 ) - day cardinal Joseph ratzinger ( 77 ) , ( soft speak , a natural recluse ) be walk along a corridor accompany by he trust assistant / PA - paolo . paolo have a set of flash card - a photo on one side and some information on the back . as they walk he show they - card by card - to ratzinger , who respond by identify the people in the photograph - he always get it right ... they speak in italian . ratzinger : ratzinger : ( of first photo ) . lula , presidente del brasile . lula , President of Brazil . paolo : paolo : correct . seem like he be giusto . sembra che stia save the country . salvando il paese . ratzinger : ratzinger : ( of first photo ) margareth Regina della Margaret Queen of Denmark ... dinamarca . paolo : paolo : correct . giusto . ratzinger : ratzinger : chain smoke . illustrate Grande fumatrice . illustra child 's book . libri per bambini . another card . ratzinger : Mr. Blair prime minister of Britain , like to be call tony . paolo : good . this one ... ratzinger : cardinal arinze of Nigeria . many say he will be the first African Pope . paolo : will he be ? ratzinger : no because we have already have three . admittedly the last one die in the year 492 so it 's not surprising people have forget . ratzinger : Il signore Blair primo ministro della gran bretagna , gli piace essere chiamato tony . paolo : bene. questo ... ratzinger : cardinale arinze della Nigeria . molti dicono che sara il primo papa africano . paolo : E lo sara 's ? ratzinger : no perché not abbiamo gia avuiti tre . legittimamente l’ultimo € morto nell ’anno quattrocento novantadue , quindi non @ sorprendente che la gente 1l ’abbia dimenticato . the atmosphere between paolo and ratzinger be warm and familiar . paolo have be a trust aide for year . he show another photograph - bergoglio . respond . paolo : bergoglio - Argentina . lead advocate for reform in the Church . he 's extremely popular in ... ratzinger : I know who he be . ratzinger do not paolo : bergoglio - Argentina . principale difensore per la riforma della chiesa . molto benvoluto in ... ratzinger : lo so chi é . a bit sharp . paolo be quick to pick up on the mood . paolo : perhaps we should leave the clergy until later . paolo : forse dovremmo lasciare il clero per dopo ( pit tardi ) as they walk along the corridor , more and more official tag along , hope for a word . paolo show another card . ratzinger : yes , yes I know who George Bush be . ratzinger : Si , si lo so chi @ George Bush . he keep move . he seem to have the world at he finger - tip . off the photo of World leader we CUT to : ext . buenos aire ezeiza airport ( 2005 ) - day bergoglio struggle through the crowd towards departure . int . buenos aire ezeiza ( 2005 ) - day bergoglio be at security . he put he bag , he belt and he shoe into one of the trays as it go through the scanner . the X - Ray reveal a crucifix inside he bag . he look anxiously at he watch . he watch he shoe go by on the conveyor belt . a security guard approach and - by instinct - bergoglio straighten up and put he hand up , ready to be frisk . security : guardia seguridad : I be go to ask you for a disculpe ... iba a pedirle su bless you eminence . bendicién , eminencia . bergoglio : bergoglio : oh. right. sure . ah ... claro ... cémo no ... he bless the man . this attract attention and soon 3 other member of security be ask to be bless . bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) bergoglio ( cont ’d ) I think we may be cause a creo que si seguimos asi little congestion . how about vamos a provocar un lio if I just bless everyone barbaro ... é qué les parece si eee mejor no los bendigo a todo junto ? he get up on tip - toe and bless everyone . they say amen and then thank you . int . vatican security room ( 2005 ) - day bank of monitor and keyboard , the feed of the camera that be keep watch over the vatican where the great gather of World leader ever see will take place . on the screen we glimpse chirac , Bush , mandela . ratzinger be oversee it all . head of security : monarch and sovereign take precedence over president . president be seat in alphabetical order of country . extra seating for the Polish delegation . as he speak we : insert : footage of the funeral itself . capo della sicurezza : monarchi e sovrani hanno la precedenza sui presidenti . I presidenti sono seduti secondo l’ordine alfabetico dei paesi . posti addizionali a sedere per la delegazione polacca . World leader come up to be bless by ratzinger . CUT away to : int . improvised changing room - ST peter 's basilica ( 2005 ) - day ratzinger be stand in front of a mirror , practise he sermon . he try different intonation . he try not look at he note . he 's try to memorise it . ratzinger : none of we can ever forget .».. can any of we ever forget ... we shall never forget , never forget how on that last Easter Sunday of he life ... ratzinger : nessuno di noi potra 's mai dimenticare ... possiamo mai dimenticare ?... non dimenticheremo mai , mai come quell 's ultima domenica di pasqua della sua vita ... CUT straight back to : ext . ST peter' square ( 2005 ) - day ratzinger be in the pulpit , deliver he sermon with ease and authority . ratzinger : none of we can ever forget how in that last Easter Sunday of he life , the Holy Father , mark by suffer and visibly in pain , come one ratzinger : nessuno di noi potra 's mai dimenticare quell 's ultima domenica di pasqua della sua vita , quando il Santo padre , segnato visibilmente dalla last time to the window and one last time give we he bless ... sofferenza e dal dolore , venne un ’ultima volta alla finestra e per un ’ultima volta ci dette la sua benedizione ... at this gather of immensely powerful people , ratzinger be centre stage . he seem comfortable and capable of the role . insert : footage of the Saint Peter basilica - the Cardinals - include bergoglio and a few other who will meet later - range in front of the coffin in they red robe . end on the plain , simple coffin of John Paul ii stand on display in the midst of all this . a wind blow turn the page of the bible on the coffin . ext . ST . peter' square ( 2005 ) - day as the Cardinals filter across the square , some be grab for interview by tv crew , other greet old friend warmly . american journalist : have bidd farewell to the last Pope , the cardinal will vote for the new Pope , in a conclave , hide from view , behind the lock door of the sistine chapel . ext . vatican parking lot ( 2005 ) - day one group of cardinal find time to banter quietly on they way in . they be bergoglio , turkson ( warm , intellectual ghanaian ) , and humme ( brazilian ) . they banter in English - the lingua franca . bergoglio : it 's all be like the World Cup - everyone will be hope for a beautiful game between Brazil ( nods at humme ) and Italy ( nods at martini ) but in the end the Germans ( nods toward ratzinger ) will win on penalty . turkson : yes and everyone will say this be surely Africa 's year but then Ghana and Nigeria will crash out in the quarter final . humme : I be not sure about Brazil . I think it might be Argentina this year ... he nudge bergoglio . bergoglio : Argentina ? no , no , no . I 'ma Jesuit . there 's never be a Jesuit Pope . turkson : exactly what we need . something there have never be before . american journalist & US tv reporter : the hide machinery of the electoral process , unchange since medieval time , will soon begin in secret . the cardinal will have a week of discussion and meeting before the voting . they will have to decide between the tradition support by the curia or for reform support mostly by non european cardinal . Cardinals wear they black cassock be talk everywhere . feel like politician . we see they in mini - bus , at the dining room in Santa marta , in the garden , in corridor . int . bathroom / sistine chapel ( 2005 ) - day ratzinger be wash he hand . he pause . someone be whistling , a lovely , slow melody in the cubicle . he turn and look at the cubicle . out of the cubicle come bergoglio . they nod at each other . there be no love lose here . a moment of pause , then ratzinger 's diplomatic skill kick in . he ask a politely neutral question in Latin . ratzinger : ratzinger : what 's the name of the song quid est nomen carminis quod you be sing ? cantas ? 10 bergoglio : bergoglio : Dancing Queen Regina saltan ratzinger look slightly puzzle . bergoglio go into detail . bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) by Abba cantant Abba as ratzinger leave , bergoglio carry on whistling . int . curia meeting room ( 2005 ) - day before the conclave start the Cardinals gather at the curia to talk to each other . several group be form . it feel like the coffee break at a corporate convention . as they do so , they pass ratzinger , who be deep in conversation with the elegant , austere , conservative arinze . but even as he be have this philosophical discussion , ratzinger greet each pass cardinal by name . ratzinger : we have to protect he legacy . the truth be under siege . we need to build strong wall around the gospel . arinze : how many wind of change we have know in recent decade , how many ideological current . we need a voice of certainty . meanwhile pick up on bergoglio , he move toward he little group of friend . he look up in wonder . the place be astounding . the radical italian cardinal - martini - lean over he shoulder and mutter to he . martini : the church be too use to this ... to glory , to Europe . church that be beautiful but empty . we be like a fire cover in ash . there be still light in there but someone need to blow the ash away . bergoglio : you ? 11 martini : it would be better if it be someone from outside Europe . be martini lobby bergoglio ? ratzinger come to the group where bergoglio be . he 's be greeting all the Cardinals one by one . turkson first . turkson : danke fiir die schéne predigt bei der beerdigung ... ratzinger : bitte schon . ( to humme ) dom Claudio humme , a vida era mais facil quando todo falavam Latin . encantado . humme laugh and shake he hand . bergoglio be next . he get nothing but a handshake , barely any eye-contact . as they move off , humme say quietly to bergoglio . humme : no '' encantado '' for you . bergoglio : no. ext . ST . peter' square + archive ( 2005 ) - day tv reporter : the cardinal only communication with the outside World will be through that chimney . White smoke for a new Pope . Black for no decision . we get a close up of '' that chimney '' - a little tin stove pipe on top of the vatican . then we see news reporter from different country all say the same thing in they various language . amusingly , each one of they in turn point up to '' that chimney '' - make the same point one after another . 12 int . - stair to the sistine chapel ( 2005 ) - day Cardinals climb the majestic stair , crossing the lobby . swiss guard line they way as they head towards the door of the sistine Chapel . ext . ST . peter 's square ( 2005 ) - day the square be full of people watch the pageantry on big screen , tell they rosary bead , hold they breath . tv reporter and now the great door will finally be lock . not be open again until we have a new Pope . int . sistine chapel ( 2005 ) - day close on : a big key lock the door to the chapel . the sound of the key turn and then silence . we see the last few cardinal go to they place . int . sistine chapel ( 2005 ) - day a scrutineer call a cardinal by name . he stand up , walk the length of the chapel , hand over he vote , walk back to he place . we see cardinal after cardinal go up , vote and sit down - in a kind of ritual choreography . until it stop . scrutineer / camerlengo : scrutatore / camerlengo : the result of the first I risultati del primo round of voting be as scrutinio sono i seguenti... follow ... Joseph ratzinger - Joseph ratzinger - 47 voti 47 vote jorge bergoglio - 10 voti jorge bergoglio - 10 vote reaction : bergoglio , shocked . he barely can hear the rest of the vote as the scrutineer continue ... scrutineer / camerlengo : scrutatore / camerlengo : Carlo Maria martini - 9 vote Carlo Maria martini - 9 voti camillo ruini - 6 vote camillo ruini - 6 voti angelo sodano - 4 vote ... angelo sodano - 4 voti reaction : ratzinger be watch bergoglio try to process what just happen . he too barely listen ... 13 scrutineer / camerlengo : scrutatore / camerlengo : oscar maradiaga - 3 vote oscar mariadaga - 3 voti dionigi tettamanzi - 2 vote dionigi tettamanzi - 2 voti giacomo biffi - 1 vote giacomo biffi - 1 voto other - 33 vote altri - 33 voti reaction : bergoglio , shocked . reaction : ratzinger look at bergoglio try to understand what have just happen . ext . ST peter 's square ( 2005 ) - day come in again on '' that chimney pot '' . the first puff of smoke appear . tv reporter : and we have smoke ! be it white ? be it black ? the excite public see smoke come out of the chapel chimney . they strain to see what color . they stand on tip toe , pull out binocular . tv reporter : it 's Black ! it 's Black ! so no candidate have achieve the seventy seven vote require for a overall majority . we go to another vote . sigh of disappointment from the crowd . int . ST. marta ( 2005 ) - day the cardinal be queue at the buffet . pick up on ratzinger talk to a cardinal . he will make the same speech - discreetly - to one cardinal after another during the lunch break . the dialogue be continuous , but the line will be repeat in four different situation . at the buffet , seat , stand in a corner with three African Cardinals , talk to a table full of asian Cardinals . ratzinger : we need one common point of reference . interprete from many angle yes . but one , unchange eternal truth . take the traveller who be lose . he take out a , what ? cardinal : a mobile phone ? 14 ratzinger in my day a compass -- only when it find true North can the compass help . without God , humanity have no agree reference point , no axis mundi . pick up on bergoglio sit with he friend . bergoglio : it 's just ten vote . turkson : no one from the Southern hemisphere have have so many before . the World just tip on its axis . humme : martini get nine . that 's nineteen vote for real change . if he tell he follower to transfer they vote to you ... turkson : like the mustard seed which when it be plant be the smallest of all seed but which when it grow ... humme : the bird of the air make they nest in it . pick up on ratzinger give he pitch to another cardinal . he go from one table to the next like a groom at he wedding . network . go back to bergoglio , humme and turkson . they talk out of the corner of they mouth . bergoglio : Reform need a politician . transfer you vote to cardinal martini . he have fight for reform for year . humme : I already vote for martini . turkson : what ! ? 15 humme : ( to bergoglio ) you say you do not want it and I believe you . and now martini have just ask anyone who vote for he to vote for you instead . bergoglio : no. please . turkson : ( enjoy the discomfort ) the most important qualification for any leader be not want to be leader .... plato . humme : that 's why it must not be ratzinger . he really want it . bergoglio : do you feel he want it ? I think he have rather be in peace write in bavaria . be Pope be like be a martyr . he look over at ratzinger as he say this . ratzinger spot the look . he know they be talk about he . he glance at the camera . a bell ring and we go back to : int . sistine chapel ( 2005 ) - day that timeless choreography of cardinal go up one by one to vote . and of vote be count . the result of the second vote be announce . bergoglio be still in there . his vote have slightly increase . scrutineer : Joseph ratzinger 65 ... jorge bergoglio 35 ... angelo sodano 4 ... dionigi tettamanzi 2 ... giacomo biffi 1 ... dario hoyo 1 ... insert : shot of '' that chimney '' and some black smoke . insert : 16 time lapse of the Sun go down over the dome of St. Peter 's . ext . ST . peter' square ( 2005 ) - evening now familiar shot of vatican - watcher sighing with disappointment . ext . bus parking sistine chapel ( 2005 ) - evening the cardinal be filing out , ready to be show into a cavalcade of mini-buse . pick up on bergoglio step back to let another cardinal get on the bus ahead of he . as he do so , arinze - who be head for a different mini-bus - pause and say something to he discreetly . arinze : ratzinger have be here all he life . if he be the man to change thing he would have do it by now . i’1l join you for breakfast tomorrow . I can bring you fifteen vote if the conversation go well . he slide off . that be the most discreet piece of lobby you ever see in you life . humme however see it , through the window of the minibus . he raise he eye brow meaningfully at bergoglio as he get in . the busload of cardinal move off . int . mini bus ( 2005 ) - evening the bus load of cardinal - include bergoglio - drive round to the St. marta . there 's a matey , male atmosphere . humme , bergoglio and other in the back of a minibus . humme whisper in bergoglio 's ear . humme : humme : if the conservative be Si los conservador lo toman take you seriously ... well en serio , va a tener que you be go to have to get a pedir el reembolso de su refund on you return flight , viaje de vuelta . jorge . 17 int . bedroom - ST. marta ( 2005 ) - night humme open he room door and find a a4 envelope on the floor . he pick it up , frown . he look down the corridor . every one of the room have a identical envelope protrude from under the door . int . ST . marta - breakfast room ( 2005 ) - morning humme and bergoglio be collect they coffee and roll . humme be tell he what happen . on a nearby table a group of cardinal be converse . a couple of they have copy of the dossier with they . some of they glance discretely look at bergoglio . humme : it 's a dossier . about you . about you past . humme : es un informe . sobre usted . sobre su pasado . a look of anguish on bergoglio 's face . humme : you have get a enemy , jorge . could be the government - back home . the last thing they need be to have to pretend to be pleased to have a Argentine pope , when he spend all he time attack they for neglect the poor . or it could come from the leftwe press in Argentina , you know they do not like you either . or it could be this lot - the curia . you have get a choice of enemy , jorge . humme : usted tiene un enemigo , jorge . podria ser el gobierno de su pais ... lo tltimo que desean es verse obligados a fingir que les encanta tener un papa argentino , cuando usted no ha dejado de atacarlos por ignorar a los pobre . o bien podria ser el ala izquierda de la prensa de Argentina ... usted sabe que a ellos tampoco les cae bien ... o podria ser alguien de nuestro mismo grupo ... La curia . usted tiene enemigos de today clase , jorge . bergoglio spot arinze come towards he , carry he own austere breakfast . arinze turn on he heel , blank he . bergoglio 's status have change over night . int . sistine chapel ( 2005 ) - day back to the choreography of cardinal walk up to vote . they vote be hand over . they be count . 18 ext . ST . peter 's square ( 2005 ) - day back to that stove - pipe chimney but this time the chimney be in the foreground , and the crowd be the background . a puff of smoke . tv reporter : ( weary ) Black smoke again . this be the second day and the third round of voting so ... no , wait . it 's white . the smoke be white . a huge cheer from the square . bell start ringing . insert : Shots of more cheer in - Tokyo , manila , Madrid . int . room of tear / vatican ( 2005 ) - day montage of : a ) one of three velvet red shoe be select by the assistant . B ) the shoe be slip onto the papal feet ... C ) one of three papal vestment be select by the assistant . D ) one of three white skull cap ... E ) the papal ring be lift from a crimson velvet pillow . tv reporter ( v.o . ) the new Pope be take into the dress room which have be know for century as the chamber of tear . Pope John xxiii famously say that no one tell the new Pope whether they be tear of joy or of sorrow . he have to find out for himself . F ) a short red cape , the mozzeta , be select . 19 G ) the papal pallium , a thick red decorate band that encircle the neck with pendant on the end , be lift from a frame ... h ) a golden mitre be set into the now ringed hand of the new pontiff ... ext . ST . peter' square ( 2005 ) - day - the door of the balcony open - and the red-robe protodeacon - estevez - appear , flanke by two swiss guard . one of the guard swing a microphone on a pole in front of estevez , as the crowd fall silent .... estevez : fratelli e sorelle carissimi ( the italian roar ) queridisimos hermanos y hermanas . ( the hispanic contingent roar ) Bien cher fréres et seur . ( the french roar ) liebe briieder und schwestern ( a german roar ) dear brother and sister estevez : ( cont 'd ) annuntio vobis gaudium magnum ; habemus papam ! the crowd roar , and then fall silent , await the name of the new pope . estevez ( cont 'd ) eminentissimum ac reverendissimum dominum , dominum josephum sanctae romanae ecclesiae cardinalem ratzinger , qui sibi nomen imposuit benedictum XVI . angle on : the german contingent , identify by a german flag , who erupt in jubilant joy , jump up and down and scream like football supporter . estevez retire and - a second later - the new pope step out onto the balcony in full ceremonial dress , wear mitre . he raise he hand and join they above he head , as the crowd begin to chant : crowd viva papa ! viva papa ! viva papa ! 20 close on : ratzinger , smile . ratzinger : my dear brother and sister in Christ , after the great Pope John Paul ii , the cardinal have elect I , a simple and humble worker in the vineyard of the Lord . I be consol by the fact that the Lord know how to work even with flaw instrument . ratzinger : cari fratelli e sorelle , dopo il grande papa Giovanni paolo ii , i signori cardinali hanno eletto I , un semplice e umile lavoratore nella vigna del signore . mi consola il fatto che il signore sa lavorare e agire anche con strumenti insufficienti . reaction crowd : listen , respectfully , but - seem unemotional , cool . int . vatican ( 2005 ) - evening bergoglio be talk to humme as they leave . we can still hear music and cheer from outside . claudio humme : what will you do now ? bergoglio : back to Buenos Aires . plan my retirement . claudio humme : I be actually ask what you be go to do for lunch . you be too young to retire . bergoglio : the church have just vote to make sure overdue reform remain overdue . I can probably do more good as a parish priest . claudio humme : é qué piensa hacer ahora ? bergoglio : volver a Buenos Aires y planear mis retiro . claudio humme : en realidad le preguntaba que pensaba hacer para el almuerzo . usted es demasiado joven para retirarse . bergoglio : La iglesia acaba de votar para que las reformas que no se hicieron sigan sin hacerse ... creo que puedo ayudar mas trabajando como un simple cura de parroquia . ext . buenos aire galleria ( 2012 ) - saturday evening bergoglio be come out of a barbershop , have just have he hair cut . outside the shop be a post office kiosk . a woman - lisabetta - be also at the kiosk , buy stamp . bergoglio go in for a bit of banter . 21 bergoglio : do not buy stamp from ' tonio . they do not work . tonio : there 's nothing wrong with my stamp . bergoglio : I write a beautiful , elegant letter to someone a month ago and no reply . send the same letter again , still no reply . his stamp do not work . lisabetta : it do not matter how good you letter be , jorge , they be never go to let you play in goal for San Lorenzo . bergoglio sonrie . lisabetta : ( cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) maybe you get the wrong address . bergoglio : it 's quite a well - know address . lisabetta : who be it ? bergoglio : the Pope . bergoglio : no le compre estampilla a tonio que no sirven para nada . tonio : mis estampilla no tienen nada de malo . bergoglio : escribi una carta preciosa el me pasado y nunca I respondieron . La mandé de nuevo y tampoco recibi respuesta . sus estampilla no sirven . lisabetta : ( bromea ) no importa lo bien escrita que esté su carta , jorge ... nunca van a dejarlo jugar en San Lorenzo ! lisabetta : ( cont ’d ) talvez la mandé a la direccién equivocada . bergoglio : imposible ... es una direcci6n bastante conocida . lisabetta give bergoglio a letter . lisabetta : so tonio 's stamp work . I come to bring you this letter . it 's from the vatican . pick up . lisabetta : éa quién se la mand6 ? bergoglio : Al papa lisabetta : Las estampilla de tonio si’ funcionan . vine a traerle esta carta . es del vaticano . lisabetta and bergoglio walk along the galeria . bergoglio take the letter from the envelope and start read . 22 lisabetta : why do you want to talk to the pope ? pick up on - bergoglio : already book my flight . lisabetta : no. seriously ? why ? what 's so urgent ? lisabetta : porque quiere hablar con el papa ? he have not yet read the letter . bergoglio : ya reservé mis vuelo . lisabetta : no. en serio ?? porqué ? qué puede ser tan urgente ? once again he do not respond except by look through the letter . he 's be evasive . she guess . lisabetta : ( cont ’d ) you be go to resign . he look up . lisabetta : ( cont ’d ) you write tell he and he do not reply . no. do not . we need you . maybe that 's why he do not reply . maybe he can see how much Buenos Aires need you . bergoglio : he have need a good telescope to spot that from the vatican palace . ( skim - read ) he 's summon I to Rome . lisabetta : maybe he do have a telescope . lisabetta : ( cont ’d ) usted quiere renunciar . lisabetta : ( cont ’d ) Le escribi6 para decirselo y él no le contest6 . no . no lo haga . nosotros lo necesitamo . tal vez por eso no le contest6 . tal vez él puede ver cuanto lo necesita Buenos Aires . bergoglio : va a necesitar un bue largavistas para verlo desde el palacio del vaticano . ( lee por encima la carta ) quiere verme en roma . lisabetta : parece que ya se consigui6 é un bue largavistas ... 23 bergoglio : I book my flight before I be summon . lisabetta : that 's quite a coincidence . bergoglio : there 's no such thing as bergoglio : yo reservé mis vuelo ante de recibir este citatorio . lisabetta : es una coincidencia . bergoglio : Las coincidencias no existen . todos estamo en las mano de dios . coincidence . we be in God 's hand . int . private chapel , vatican ( 2012 ) - day ratzinger alone , praying in Latin , take he hand from he face , and finish praying in a little side - chapel . ratzinger : domine exaudi orationem meam . he make a weary sign of the cross , approach the altar and , with a candle snuffer , snuff out the flame . oddly , the smoke from the flame do not rise , but drift leave and right , meander ! ratzinger look upward , for the cause . he try to waft the smoke upwards . ext . / int ( 2012 ) - news report montage : of news report of benedict as Pope . newsreaders : it 's '' what the butler leak '' as another scandal rock the vatican . Word today of a new crisis as a leak 300 page dossier surface which paint a damn picture of the curia . riven with factionalism , resisting reform , malpractice by the vatican bank ; and even sexual misconduct among high - rank member of the clergy . the man who leak the document - the Pope 's own personal assistant , paolo gabrielle - have be arrest and charge with theft for steal the document . a ) paolo open the door for ratzinger at the private entrance at the vatican . 24 B ) paolo pour fanta for ratzinger as he dine with other Cardinals . C ) we could also have a bad quality image of a priest with prostitute in the street at night . D ) vatican Bank see from outside . E ) money . F ) a Bishop come out of a fancy car . G ) on the tv , paolo be be lead away by some italian police . off paolo 's face we - CUT to : ext . buenos aire highway to airport ( 2012 ) - end of day . bergoglio look out of the bus window at the pass shanty town . int . fiumicino - LEONARDO da vinci ( 2012 ) - day bergoglio 's batter shoe stroll through arrival . he be wear a black jacket and trousers , like a parish priest . when he step through the door he spot a livery driver hold up a sign with bergoglio write on it . driver : be you the cardinal archbishop of Buenos Aires ? he be . the driver be expect someone better dress . driver : eminence ... he offer to take bergoglio 's bag . bergoglio : no , no . it 's fine thanks . ext . fiumicino - LEONARDO da vinci ( 2012 ) - day bergoglio stroll out of the airport , stop and stare . the car that be wait for he be a massive merc . 25 bergoglio : I be guess it 's that one ? he go to open the front passenger door . the driver open the back one . driver : oh but eminence ... bergoglio : I prefer to ride up front . int . car ( 2012 ) - day the car drive off . as it pull away , two motorbike cruise in front of it . bergoglio : do you hear the story of the time the Pope be out in one of this and he really want to drive it himself so he persuade the driver to give he a go ? driver : with respect eminence I be the papal driver and I do not recall any such incident . bergoglio : anyway the driver get in the back , the Pope get behind the wheel and he really let rip - full throttle , way over the speed limit . driver : whoever tell you this be not tell you the truth . bergoglio : so the police pull he over and he wind the window down . the policeman look shocked . he radio back to he station . he say , boss I do not know what to do . I just pull a guy over . I do not know who he be but he must be super - important . because he chauffeur be the Pope . the driver still have not clocked that this be a joke . 26 bergoglio : it be not the present Pope by the way so ... suddenly it click and the driver burst out laugh . ext . road ( 2012 ) - day as they drive towards the lazio hill ... bergoglio : ( v.o. ) this be not the way to Rome . driver : the Pope - the present Pope - be in he summer residence . bergoglio : ( v.o. ) oh. summer residence . maybe that 's why he do not get my letter . ext . road in laziale ( 2012 ) - day as the car draw closer to castel gandolfo . driver : eminence , if you be meeting his holiness this morning he prefer to see he bishop dress like bishop and he cardinal like cardinal . bergoglio : really ? do you have a spare cardinal 's hat . the driver be take aback but it 's just another joke . bergoglio : it 's ok , I do have my cassock with I . pick up on the big limo and outrider park up in a lay by next to a porqueto snack truck . behind the truck , bergoglio take off he jacket and shirt and pull on a black cassock . across the lake we can see the dome of castel gandolfo . bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) ( of the distant town ) be that it ? 27 the driver nod . bergoglio look uneasy . ext . castel gandolfo ( 2012 ) - day the pope 's summer retreat . the limo arrive and enter the gate . evidence everywhere of wealth , and power . int . pope 's office / castel gandolfo ( 2012 ) - day track in on : ratzinger ( now Pope benedict ) , from behind , as he look out of the window at the arrive limo . a nun go to greet the limo and welcome the guest . behind he he new assistant - Roberto - be on the phone . we can just about overhear ... roberto : yes , his holiness be read the report as we speak . yes , his holiness be very much aware . he will return to Rome very soon . Roberto hang up . ratzinger : make he comfortable . i’1l come and speak with he roberto : si’ , sua santita 's sta leggendo la relazione proprio mentre parliamo . Si , sua santita 's not e' al corrente . rientrera 's a roma molto presto . ratzinger : mettetelo a suo agio . verro 's a parlargli tra breve . shortly . ext . garden / castel gandolfo ( 2012 ) - day a nun lead bergoglio into a stun , formal , immaculately manicure garden . fountain bubble . bird sing . topiary cast elegant shadow . nun : his holiness will join you shortly . bergoglio choose a stone bench upon which to sit . he wait , look at he watch . bergoglio : do the Holy Father meet he Cardinals here often ? nun : no. first time . the servant return with a umbrella . 28 bergoglio : it 's not raining . nun : in Rome , one never know what will happen next . the servant go . bergoglio look up at the sky , take out he breviary and start to pray . int . castel gandolfo ( 2012 ) - day ratzinger be walk along the corridor accompany by Roberto . they be intercept by a well - dress vatican apparatchik who mutter something to Roberto . he 's carry a iPad and show Roberto stuff as he go along . roberto : roberto : holiness ... santita 's ... ratzinger allow himself to be turn aside . he seem to be a prisoner here . ext . castel gandolfo - garden bridge ( 2012 ) - day bergoglio be still read but now the heat be intensify . he check he watch and mop he brow . he unty he shoe . he see a gardener from where he 's seat . he check he watch again , decide to go and chat to the gardener . ext . castle gandolfo - garden bridge - day ratzinger cross the little bridge that lead to the garden but can not find bergoglio , he see only he suitcase on the bench . he look up and see bergoglio talk to the gardener , marvel at how easily he get on with people . ratzinger : ratzinger : ( to roberto ) how long have he ( a roberto ) be here ? Da quanto tempo e' qui ? roberto : roberto : a hour . un’ora . ratzinger : ratzinger : he look as though he 's live sembra che abbia vissuto qui here all he life . tutta la vita . 29 ext . castle gandolfo - bergoglio : be this oregano ? herb garden - day bergoglio : questo e' origano ? it be . he pluck a leaf and smell it . bergoglio : it take I back . my mother swore by oregano . it make everything taste good . it could cure the common cold -.. it could raise the dead . gardener : mine be the same . shred it into the breadcrumb ... bergoglio : I still do it that way . bergoglio : mi riporta nel passato . Mia madre non poteva farne a meno . dava a tutto un buon sapore . curava il raffreddore ... poteva resuscitare i morti . giardiniere : anche la mia . lo tritava nel pangrattato ... bergoglio : io lo preparo ancora cosi’ . they be laugh and chat when we pull back to find ratzinger and Roberto have now enter the garden . ratzinger take a breath , smooth himself down and transform himself from a rattle , edgy old man into a decorous , dignify pontiff . he seem to do this with a single breath . he glide over to bergoglio and greet he in Spanish . ratzinger : good morning . bergoglio : holiness ... ratzinger : Buenos dias . bergoglio : sanctitas ... he kiss ratzinger 's ring and hold the umbrella so it shade both himself and the Pope . ratzinger : last time we meet we speak Latin . bergoglio : it be a very short meeting . but please , not Latin . I be never the student you be , Holy Father ratzinger : ultima qua convénimus occasione , latine locuti sumus bergoglio : conventus brevissimus erat . obsecro , non latine . numquam studiosus fui ut tu , sancte pater . ratzinger humorously agree to slip into English . he display he sense of humour about the irritable cardinal . 30 ratzinger : Latin be useful . especially when I have to announce bad news to Cardinals . only 20 % become angry as only 20 % know what I have say . I be sorry to have keep you wait . I know you value punctuality . bergoglio : it 's a beautiful afternoon . I have my breviary . I take the last hour as a gift of peace from you . ratzinger : my last assistant - paolo - he would have make sure I get here on time . he be perfect . bergoglio : but now he 's in jail . he know this be not a sensitive comment . bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) that must have be hard for you . ratzinger indicate the bench , invite he to sit down . the lake be see behind . bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) we could walk if you prefer . ratzinger : that might not be wise . puzzle remark . he clarifies . ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) you shoelace be undone ... bergoglio : ooh ! instinctively he go to hand the umbrella to ratzinger so he can tie he lace but ratzinger do not offer to take it . that would be a breach of protocol . so bergoglio be leave awkwardly try to put down the umbrella and tie he shoe at the same time . it 's a power play . while bergoglio be crouch down ratzinger take advantage of he discomfort . ratzinger : you write to I ask for permission to resign . 31 bergoglio : oh. yes . I have my papers with I . he take the papers from he jacket but when he look up . ratzinger seat on the bench with the view of the lake behind . bergoglio catch up , now juggling papers and umbrella . ratzinger : Cardinals be not require to offer they resignation until they be seventy five . be you ill ? bergoglio : I have a problem with my lung . ratzinger : you be bear with that . it 's not really troubled you so far . bergoglio look askance . ratzinger make a gesture for he to seat . he do . ratzinger : it 's in you file . bergoglio : my file !? ratzinger : we have file on everyone . you have no reason to feel flatter . bergoglio : I be not ill . ratzinger : in fact you be very active . you walk everywhere . sometimes use a bicycle . bergoglio : I also tango . once a week . ratzinger be take aback at this . bergoglio I be argentinian . football and tango be compulsory . ratzinger with ... somebody ? 32 bergoglio one might look foolish if one attempt the tango alone . so for the sake of the dignity of my office - yes . with someone . ratzinger you have be one of my harshest critic . there 's a lot of competition for that title . bergoglio : I have never speak out against you . ratzinger : not directly . when I make it easier to get permission to use the old tridentine mass , I be criticize because it contain a prayer for the conversion of the Jews . bergoglio : I never say a word . ratzinger : you invite the chief rabbi to a public lunch . bergoglio : rabbi skora and I go back a long way . also I would cook too much . wasting food be steal from the poor . by now they have stroll into one of that decorative maze . preoccupy , they take the twist and turn as they come . ratzinger : you refuse to live in the official archbishop 's palace . bergoglio : it 's too big for I . too grand . ratzinger : by live so simply you imply that the rest of we be not live simply enough . bergoglio : surely one can never live simply enough . 33 ratzinger : on marry priest ... bergoglio I be misquote . I say celibacy can be a bless but it might also be a curse . ratzinger on homosexuality ... bergoglio : all I say be ... ratzinger you be no doubt misquote again ? bergoglio : taken out of context . ratzinger stop walk and face bergoglio . ratzinger might I suggest you try tell newspaper the opposite of what you think ?! you chance of be quote correctly might improve ! ratzinger seem rattle . bergoglio compose . he smile . bergoglio : yes , holiness . they be interrupt by a beep from the watch . ratzinger explain . ratzinger : my doctor give it to I . it count you step and monitor you heart beat ... he say '' you be in good shape for 86 , but very bad shape for a human be . '' I believe this be a joke . the watch speak again . ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) I be patronize by a watch ! bergoglio : I know how it feel to be patronize . benedict give bergoglio a look . 34 the watch pipe up watch : do not stop now ! keep move ! bergoglio smile . ratzinger smile back . they get walk . ext . castel gandolfo - maze 1 ( 2012 ) - day they walk through a maze with narrow aisle . bergoglio be behind benedict but still hold the umbrella so it protect the Pope . it 's not easy . again ratzinger seem not to notice the other man 's discomfort . they walk and talk . ratzinger : you openly give the sacrament to that who be out of communion ... to the divorced , for instance ... bergoglio come back on this , cut the Pope off . bergoglio : I believe the sacrament be not a reward for the virtuous . they be food for the starve . ratzinger : so what matter be what you believe , not what the Church have teach for hundred of year . ext . castle gandolfo , arch - day ratzinger walk away look slightly self - satisfied . he 's provoke this explosion . bergoglio follow . bergoglio : Mark 2.xvii - '' I come to call sinner , '' as the Church have teach for thousand of year . they walk up - arch ratzinger : but if we do not draw a line ... bergoglio : «+. or build a wall to separate ... 35 ratzinger you speak as if all wall be bad . a house be make of wall . strong wall . bergoglio : do Jesus build wall ? his face be mercy . the bigger the sinner , the warmer the welcome . mercy be the dynamite that blow down wall . ratzinger you have answer for everything . do not you ? you be clever . Far too clever . ratzinger walk away . ext . - castle gandolfo - tea table - day ratzinger and bergoglio be have tea . ratzinger : you see my dilemma . you be eloquent . you be popular . if I allow you to resign , it will look like a protest . the Church be attack from all side . why would you want to abandon she to she enemy ? do a shepherd run away when the wolf appear ? bergoglio : I be not run away . i’1l take a parish . I will be a good shepherd to its people . ratzinger : do not you see ? you be very nearly elect Pope . if you go , that be a criticism . the way you live be a criticism . you shoe be a criticism . bergoglio look down at he shoe ... bergoglio : ( smiling ) what be wrong with my shoe ? they look ... 36 ratzinger : do not make a joke . it 's dishonest . I be the Pope . have enough respect to show I you real anger . bergoglio be on the back foot now . bergoglio : Holy Father ... ratzinger : if I allow someone of you stand simply to walk away - it will look like a protest . be it a protest ? bergoglio be on the spot now . ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) do you think the Church be fail ? bergoglio : we be lose people . in America , if lapse Catholic be a religion , it would be the fourth biggest one . ratzinger and this be the fault of the Church ? not of western relativism and permissiveness , of anything go ? ratzinger : you call the church narcissistic . or be you misquote ? bergoglio : no. I do say that . it seem to I that the Church - you Church - ratzinger my church ? bergoglio :. our Church be move in direction I can not condone ... or not move at all when the time cry out for movement . I no longer wish to be a salesman ... ratzinger : a salesman ? 37 bergoglio :. for a product .. ratzinger : a product ? bergoglio : that I can not with full conscience endorse . ratzinger ... that you do not believe in ? bergoglio : it 's like we do not belong to this world ... ratzinger : '' a church that marries the spirit of the age ... bergoglio : -+. will be widow in the next age . '' yes yes I know . ratzinger : when you be leader of the jesuit in Argentina you remove all the book on marxism from the library . bergoglio : for many year I make the seminarian wear cassock all day - even when they be work in the vegetable patch . and I call civil marriage for homosexual , the devil 's plan . ratzinger : you be not unlike I . there 's a flicker of emotion here - as though this change in he be a personal betrayal . bergoglio : I change . ratzinger no . you compromise . bergoglio : no. I change . it 's a different thing . 38 ratzinger start to walk away from bergoglio again . he have have enough of semantics this morning . ( '' change '' — '' compromise '' - enough ! ) bergoglio : life - the life he give we - be all change . you be the successor of St. peter. St. Peter be marry ! ratzinger : oh , thank you for tell I . I have no idea . bergoglio : we do not ask priest to be celibate until 12th century . angel ! barely mention until the fifth century then suddenly angel be everywhere -- like pigeon ! nothing be static in nature or in the universe , not even God . the Pope stop in front of a pond , turn to bergoglio - he be tired of all of this . pause . ratzinger : God do not change ! bergoglio : yes . he do . he be evolve . he move towards we as we ... ratzinger : I be the way ! the truth ! and the life ! where should we find he if he be always move ? bergoglio : on the journey ? ratzinger stop again . buzz of dragonfly , insect and bird by the pond . he flick a fly from he face . he see a gardener . the gardener look . gardener 2 : you holiness . ratzinger wave to he . smile . ratzinger : buon giorno . 39 the greeting make the gardener 's day . they walk again , towards a gate . ratzinger this be ego . you think you know better . bergoglio : I be a argentinian . how do a argentinian kill himself ? he climb to the top of he ego and jump off ! this quip be suppose to thaw the ice a little . it do not . ext . castle gandolfo - wood - day they move through a gate into a wood area . ratzinger look around , uneasy . ratzinger : I be not familiar with this part of the garden ... he suddenly seem frail and elderly . bergoglio take he arm . bergoglio : if there be some shade . ratzinger : yes , and perhaps we will find God over there . on '' the journey '' ! I x11 introduce you to he . on a dirty wild path . walk and talk . the sound of cicadas be suddenly shrill and deafen . ratzinger we defend two thousand year of tradition . but bergoglio know better . bergoglio : we - have spend this last year discipline anyone who question the line on birth control , divorce , be gay . ( more ) 40 bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) while we planet be be destroy , while inequality grow like a cancer , we worried about whether it be alright to say mass in Latin , whether girl should be allow to be altar server ? we build a wall around ourselves and all the time the real danger be inside with we . ratzinger what be you talk about ? they be in a less well - keep area , with fall branch , a area where no one go . bergoglio : I think you know . we know that there be priest ... bishop ... great man of the Church who prey on child . and what do we do ? ratzinger : we be address this . no one could have imagine the scale , the difficulty . from the outside , with hindsight this seem simple but when you be try to lead a organisation that have a billion member ... bergoglio cut he off . bergoglio : we hear they confession . and move they on to they next parish , where they could start all over again . ratzinger : we believe if they show repentance ... bergoglio : '' that it be better if nine child suffer than if nine million lose they faith because of a scandal ? '' ratzinger : no . of course not . that 's grotesque . 4l bergoglio : a bishop . he say it to I . ext . castle gandolfo - bench in the wood they be now in a little glade with a bench in it . ratzinger do not answer but sink down onto the bench . bergoglio be not sure if protocol allow he to sit too . ratzinger how do you answer he ? bergoglio : I order he to strip the priest of he priestly ministry , and to initiate a canonical trial in he tribunal . straight away . I do not think that a few magic word from the priest would make everything alright again . ratzinger '' Magic word '' ?! be that how you describe the sacrament of ... bergoglio : confession clean the sinner 's soul . it do not help the victim . we whole church be in need of forgiveness . where be we humility ? Sin be a wound , not a stain . it need to be treat , heal . forgiveness be not enough . the urbane , calm approach he take at first have go . he speak with passion and anger . ratzinger respond with forensic cool . ratzinger you say '' we '' but you mean ratzinger . bergoglio : no , Father , believe I . ratzinger who be too busy defend we teaching ? who fretted about the word of the liturgy ? I be the one you think be to blame . 42 bergoglio : Father .. ratzinger you resignation be a protest against the Holy see . and you be ask I to ratify it . bergoglio : no . ratzinger : you say you no longer wish to be a cardinal archbishop . be you sure you still wish to be even a priest ? ratzinger turn on he heel and go . bergoglio groan . this do not go well . he put he head in he hand . bergoglio walk , alone , towards the residence . ext . castel gandolfo ( 2012 ) - evening at the door where she greet he earlier , the nun be wait hold he briefcase . nun : the Holy Father have retire now until dinner . I be to show you you room . bergoglio : room ! ? int . castel gandolfo - corridor ( 2012 ) - evening bergoglio be follow the nun along the intimidating corridor . he 's not happy here . the nun show he a room . bergoglio : thank you , sister . nun : oh. I almost forget . a message from you assistant in Buenos Aires ... she hand he a piece of paper . he unfold it , troubled . she show he to he room . as he go into he room ... 43 nun : ( cont 'd ) be it bad news , father ? insert : shot of the piece of paper in he hand . it 's a start line up for tonight 's big San Lorenzo game . bergoglio : I be afraid so . lavezzi be not in the start line up for Argentina and equador tomorrow . pick up on bergoglio try to pray a little later . he be distract by the decoration in the room - painting of saint surround by beam baby - face cherubim . int . dine room / castel gandolfo ( 2012 ) - night bergoglio come downstairs . he 's lose until the same nun spot he and summon he . she show he to the dining room . the nun show he to he place . he 's surprised to see the table be only set for one . bergoglio : what about he holiness ? nun : his holiness eat in he room . bergoglio : be it something I say ? the nun titter . nun : no , no . the Pope eat alone . bergoglio : why ? a cover plate be place before bergoglio . nun : ( cont 'd ) he just prefer it that way . but he have arrange for you both to eat the same meal . it 's a traditional bavarian dish . a favorite . just as he mother use to make it . she take the lid off the plate . underneath be a profoundly unappetize bavarian soup with noodle . bergoglio react . 44 nun : knoedel mit sosse . there 's a lot of sympathy in just say the name . bergoglio laugh . the nun join in . off they laughter we - CUT to : int . papal apartment ( 2012 ) - night ratzinger eat the same unappetize soup , alone . he reach for he wine glass and fill it with ... fanta . we can just hear the faint echo of nun- laughter from below . int . castel gandolfo - tv room / music room ( 2012 ) - night the nun show bergoglio into a room with a tv in it . nun : after dinner sometimes he come here to relax . she go . idly , bergoglio pick up the tv remote and channel flick . he 's look for the match ... but a electronic voice say '' bravo '' . surprise , bergoglio look up to see that ratzinger have come in - still wear he white robe but over it now a classic bavarian knitted vest . ratzinger : the watch . 10000 step . my target . we travel a long way this afternoon . bergoglio : physically perhaps . ratzinger place the papers and book ( 's ) on the table and notice without even look up ( he miss nothing ) bergoglio move to switch off the tv . ratzinger : no. please . I know you love football . I have never understand the excitement myself . ratzinger look around to find he read glass - somewhere in the room . walk in front of bergoglio . 45 bergoglio : not even during the World Cup ? you know , you national team , and mine , we could be in the final together next year . they could be - Germany - a match for Argentina . ratzinger mouth a hard candy mint . ratzinger : ( disinterested ) yeah . it 's good . bergoglio pull out he papers , for the pope to sign . bergoglio : Holy Father , I want you to -- look at my papers . ratzinger : no , no , no , no - bergoglio : please , please , this be the reason I be here . ratzinger : ( firmly ) nein ! awkward silence . ratzinger : please . I know you like to talk but I be tired , I be exhaust . I need to rest . sit down and just be quiet together . please sit . that 's good ... I get so tired . would you like a tea or coffee ? bergoglio no , no . I find if I drink coffee too late at night I can not sleep . ratzinger : I , too ... the man sit in silence for several moment . silence . ratzinger : you know ... the hardest thing be to listen , to hear he voice ... God 's voice . 46 ratzinger the music bergoglio : even for a Pope ? ratzinger : maybe especially for a Pope . be almost speak to himself as he check through sheet . ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) when I be young - many hundred of year ago - I always know what he want of I - God - what purpose he have for I . but now , I do not know - perhaps I need to listen more intently . what do you think cardinal bergoglio ? they look at one another - no comment from bergoglio . ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) I do not know . perhaps I need a spiritual hearing aid . who do know ? when I first hear that voice - that call - God - whatever that be - God 's voice . it bring I peace . such peace . ( pause ) you must have feel that ? bergoglio : the call yes , the peace ... flashback to : ext . tango club / buenos aire - night caption : 1955 the opposite of peace . tango music , laughter , body . bergoglio : ( v.o. ) no , I would not call it peace ... the world around we can be chaotic ... there can be such beauty in that movement ( that chaos ) ... bergoglio : ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when I be a kid I start to think about be a priest . I be not sure so my grandma say , '' ask God for a sign '' . I do . nothing . silence . ( more ) 47 bergoglio : ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I feel abandon . God stop talk to I . I stop talk to he . so I get on with life . I have amalia . future . through the whirl I have a job . I hada of limb come the 19 year old bergoglio with he girlfriend - amalia . they be superb dancer , and they move be replete with passion , drama , technical prowess , cédigos and yeta , and milonga , they body arching away from each other but contact at the hip . hot stuff ! they steal the show and then move to the shadow . amalia : I do not date bouncer . nothing but trouble . young bergoglio : I be leave all this behind . get the job at the laboratory . amalia : oh ! so , you be a scientist now ?! bergoglio : correct . he kiss she . she pull back . amalia : what be you do ? young bergoglio : I be conduct a little experiment . in chemistry . he kiss she again . young bergoglio : I have ( kiss ) a theory ( kiss ) that if you fuse ( kiss ) two unstable element ( kiss ) something magic happen ... amalia : yo no salgo con gente de la noche . s6lo traen problema . joven bergoglio : eso ya qued6 atras . consegui el trabajo en el laboratorio . amalia ah ! entonce ahora so un cientifico ... bergoglio : correcto . amalia : é qué esta haciendo ? joven bergoglio : un pequefio experimento de quimica . joven bergoglio : tengo ( la besa ) una teoria ( la besa ) : si uno fusiona ( la besa ) dos elemento inestable ( la besa ) sucede algo magico ... he reach into the top of she blouse .. amalia : stop . what be you ... amalia : parad ... é qué esta --- 48 +. and produce as if by magic a ring . she beam . int . hickthier food laboratory ( 1955 ) Young bergoglio hand a sheaf of papers to esther . she scan they . esther : this result be the same as last time . young bergoglio : same experiment . she stare at he . esther : no . I mean this be exactly the same . you have not re-done the experiment . how many time do I have to tell you , we test , test and test again . we live or die by fact . fact be ... you have hada haircut . young bergoglio : that be a fact . esther : Son los mismos resultado de la gltima vez . joven bergoglio : es el mismo experimento . esther : quiero decir que son exactamente los mismos resultado . no repetiste el experimento . é cudntas vece the lo tengo que decir ? tenemos que probar , probar y probar de nuevo ... vivimos of morimo por los hechos . Los hechos son --- ( se interrumpe , algo le llama la atencién ) Te cortaste el pelo . joven bergoglio : eso es un hecho . she undoe the top of he lab coat . esther : and you be wear you best shirt . young bergoglio : that 's also a fact . esther : you be finally go to ask she . young bergoglio : now that be speculation . esther : y the pusiste tu mejor camisa . joven bergoglio : eso también es un hecho . esther : ipor fin the decidiste ! ile vas a proponer casamiento ! joven bergoglio : eso es especulacidon . 49 esther : no . that 's deduction . young bergoglio : well it 's incorrect . I already ask she . tonight I be go to ask she parent . esther : so you finally decide that you be not go to be a priest . bergoglio : that 's a logical conclusion . esther : what take you so long ? young bergoglio : I have to , you know , listen . ( he point up to Heaven ) I think he might have other plan for I . esther : the last thing this country need be more priest . go. i’1l be - do the test . but do not ever try to short - change I again . ok ? esther no . es una deduccién . joven bergoglio : bueno ... es incorrecta . ya le propuse casamiento . esta noche voy a hablar con sus padre . esther : finalmente decidiste que no vas a ser cura ! joven bergoglio : esa es una conclusién ldgica . esther : porqué tardaste tanto ? joven bergoglio : tenia que escuchar a ... ( mira hacia el cielo ) ++. vos I entendé ... pensé que El tenia otros plane para mis . esther : lo gltimo que necesita este pais es otro cura . anda . yo I encargo de hacer las prueba de nuevo ... iPero no vuelvas a engatusarme nunca mas ! bergoglio : joven bergoglio : ok . ( asintiendo ) prometido . esther : esther : and jorge - fix you hair . y , jorge ... , arreglate ese pelo ! ext . flore basilica ( 1955 ) - evening bergoglio , dress in he best clothes , stop to buy yellow rose from a stall in front of the basilica . as he pass the Church , he hear music play . that 's odd . 50 int . amalia 's bedroom ( 1955 ) - evening amalia get herself ready for jorge , pull on a pretty dress . put on make - up . her mother put a flower in amalia 's hair , and then nod , approve , excited . she know what 's go on . int . basilica of ST joseph of flore ( 1955 ) - night Young bergoglio go into the church . it 's empty . or so it seem . the music stop . suddenly the the Pope / Contract . music stop and a priest cross to the confessional . see bergoglio he wave he into the confessional . he assume that that 's what bergoglio be wait for ... young bergoglio : joven bergoglio : oh. no Father . I be just ... oh ... no , padre ... yo sdélo estaba ... but the door of the confessional have close . now bergoglio step inside . priest ( 0.s. ) sacerdote ( 0.s. ) Close the door . podé cerrar la puerta . he dimly see the profile of a priest through the lattice . intercut between - bergoglio and he Pov of the priest through the lattice - and the priest 's Pov of bergoglio through the lattice . int . confessional BOX / basilica of ST joseph of flore ( 1955 ) - night bergoglio kneel there in silence for a long moment , then finally '' bless '' himself ( make the sign of the cross ) . then - bergoglio : joven bergoglio : bless I father ... bendigame padre .. ( pause ) ( pausa ) ..- for I have sin . ++. porque he pecado . unknown priest : sacerdote : yes my son -- and how have you Te escucho , hijo ... é qué sin ? pecado have cometido ? bergoglio become troubled -- and fall silent again . 51 bergoglio : Father - before we start - may I ask - I have not see you before . where be you from ? unknown priest : parque patricios . I come here to celebrate mass here now and then . bergoglio : before we speak ... I pray you be not a huracan supporter . unknown priest : you prayer be answer . ( beat ) no , I live close by , in the priest 's home for the sick . bergoglio : you tend to the sick ? unknown priest : no . I be sick myself . I have cancer . leukemia . bergoglio : ( move ) then father , why be you here ? unknown priest : because -- when I wake this morning at 6 o'clock , the Lord tell I to come here to hear confession . but until you , no - one have come , so I suppose - - he want I to be here , to speak to you . bergoglio : to I ? unknown priest : si. have something be troubling you ? you Father want to help you . joven bergoglio : padre ... - ante de empezar épuedo preguntarle algo ?... no lo habia visto ante ... é De dénde es usted ? sacerdote : De parque patricios , de vez en cuando vengo a celebrar misa aqui . joven bergoglio : ante de que sigamos hablando ... ya estoy rezando para pedir que usted no sea hincha de huracan . sacerdote : tus rezo han sido escuchado ... ( pausa ) vivo aqui cerca ... en la casa parroquial para los enfermo . joven bergoglio : écuida a los enfermo ? sacerdote : no ... soy uno de ellos . cancer . leucemia . tengo joven bergoglio : ( conmovido ) entonce , padre , éporqué esta aca ? sacerdote : cuando I desperté esta mafiana a las seis , el sefior I dijo que viniera a confesar ... pero no vino nadie ... hasta que llegaste ... por eso supongo que El queria que viniera para que hablara con vos . joven bergoglio : éconmigo ? sacerdote : Si ... é Hay algo que the anda preocupando ? tu padre quiere ayudarte . 52 bergoglio : joven bergoglio : some time ago , father . I hace un tiempo Le pedi una ask him for a sign . sefial , padre . unknown priest : sacerdote : perhaps he just give you one . quizad the la esta dando ahora . bergoglio be stunne by this news - and inside he he experience a epiphany - unknown priest : sacerdote : so now -- my son -- whom the Lord hijo ... ahora que ya sab see -- make a full confession que el sefior the esta and free you heart . mirando ... podé confesarte y liberar tu coraz6én . pick up on the priest give absolution . there be a little crucifix in the room with he . Young bergoglio touch it as he join in the prayer . then he get up and open the door of the confessional onto ... CUT to : ext . cordoba ( argentina ) ( 1955 ) - day the confessional door open onto a beautiful , empty landscape . the Young bergoglio - still in he best clothes - walk out across the rock and sand , look up at the vast sky and far horizon . he step into the shadow of a great rock . the shadow act like a kind of doorway lead onto .. ext . ricoleta ( 1955 ) - night Young bergoglio , hold he bunch of rose , sit wait for amalia . he see she come towards he with she chaperone ( a girl she own age ) . she smile . he smile back . but awkwardly . the chaperone move aside as he walk towards she . we pull back and watch they approach each other like two dancer . he offer she the flower . she take they . they face each other as though about to dance . but then she turn from he and start to walk away . he stand and watch . we be watch the choreography of break -up . as she walk away , she look back one last time . he watch as she let the flower drop to the floor as she walk off . only when she be out of sight do he turn away - alone and forlorn . CUT to : 53 ext . colegio maximo ( 1958 ) - day young bergoglio arrive at a seminary , follow by another priest , where he be warmly greet by the novice master - fr. jalic - who will become important to we later . jalic : jalic : bergoglio ? é bergoglio ? bergoglio : joven bergoglio : Father ... padre ... jalic : jalic : welcome home . bienvenido a casa . as Young bergoglio step inside the seminary ... int . colegio maximo ( 1958 ) - day jalic lead bergoglio into the college . they walk some step , jalic continue as they walk away . jalic : do you know what you be say no to ? bergoglio : yes . she even have a name . jalic : Love have many name . learn to know she by a new one . think you can live without love , that 's a great mistake . bergoglio : I still have San Lorenzo . jalic : é sab a qué esta renunciando entrando aca ? bergoglio : si. mi renuncia tiene nombre , adema . jalic : El amor tiene muchos nombre . aprendé a conocerla con un nombre nuevo . pensar que podé vivir sin amor , es una gran equivocacién . bergoglio : todavia I queda San Lorenzo . ratzinger ( v.0 ) have you think what you life would be like have that priest not be in that confessional booth at that moment ? bergoglio ( v.0 ) no , I see now there be never any alternative . that priest -- that day -- find he ... even if I have pass by , God would have find another way to call I ... 54 int . music room / castel gandolfo ( 2012 ) - night ratzinger ratzinger keyboard . ratzinger ratzinger play ... stare at bergoglio -— ratzinger : you have such certainty . bergoglio : yes . and now , I be certain he want I to retire ... ratzinger : please . just for this evening . I know we have we difference , we disagreement , but for this one evening let we just be brother for a while . shall we ? go over to the piano to close the lid of the he close the lid . ratzinger : do you play ? bergoglio : no . but I know you do . you make a album . '' Music from the vatican alma mater . '' ratzinger : that 's right , I do . do you have a copy ? bergoglio : yes , yes of course . ratzinger : I could sign it for you . bergoglio : well I be a bit out of practice . let 's see . i’1l try . open the keyboard lid and sit at the piano bench . ratzinger : I have get this little piece by my favourite Czech -- a wonderful lullaby . I see what I can do . look at the keyboard a moment . then start to 55 ratzinger : he live a very tragic life , you know . ( play ) you know the album - it be record at a world famous studio in London - I be tell I should feel honoure because the Beatles be there - you know the Beatles ? bergoglio : yes . I know who they be . ratzinger : ( laugh ) of course you do . bergoglio : Eleanor rigby . ratzinger : who ? bergoglio : '' Eleanor rigby . '' ratzinger : I do not know - bergoglio : '' yellow submarine '' ratzinger : sorry , I do not know . bergoglio : the album . yellow submarine . ratzinger : that 's silly . yellow submarine . that 's very funny . ratzinger start play the schumann traumerei - ratzinger : anyway , the recording be do in London , at - I can not remember the name of the place - a church or something . bergoglio Abbey Road . ratzinger : yes , a Abbey . 56 ratzinger start play the schumann traumerei bergoglio : you go to Abbey Road ? ratzinger : oh no . not in person . that would have not be appropriate . ratzinger switch tune , and play a more uptempo song - ratzinger : you like ? ratzinger : it 's very different ! it 's wonderful . ratzinger : it 's a old Berlin cabaret song . it be make famous before the war by a singer call Zara leander . bergoglio : who ? ratzinger : Zara leander . she be Hitler 's favorite singer . she have a deep voice . she be swedish . bergoglio : sorry , who be it ? ratzinger : Zara leander . would you like some wine ? next door . bergoglio oh , si. grazie . bergoglio exit , then return with a decanter of wine . bergoglio : for you ? ratzinger : no , no. ( sing ) dah , dah , dah , dee dee ... ( play ) good wine ? 57 bergoglio : good music . ratzinger stop play , close the lid . ratzinger : I be afraid at the keyboard , I be not infallible . but I enjoy it . ratzinger and bergoglio settle down into two arm -chayr in front of the tv . ratzinger : oh well . there . I get so tired . you know ? bergoglio take out a envelope , and a pen and put they down on the coffee table . a awkward silence follow as bergoglio wait for the pope to pick up the pen . ratzinger lean forward . be this it ? no . he only pick up the remote from the coffee table . ratzinger : a silly little program , a guilty pleasure . wait . suddenly bergoglio be alert , excited by a possibility . angle on : the tv , as the pope finally get '' kommissar rex '' on the tv . show the open credit sequence , a astonishingly cheesy german crime show , about a dog . he have not be listen to bergoglio - too busy with the tv . ratzinger it be call '' kommissar rex '' . do you know it ? it 's about a german shepherd dog that solve crime . what trouble he get into each week ! ha ! ha ! bergoglio look at he watch - anxious - then back at the hilariously bad tv show open credit - ratzinger it take my mind off thing . you know , they like I to a dog - '' God 's rottweiler '' - that be they nickname for I . the fierce guard dog of the house of God . bergoglio be in mental pain about miss he football match . 58 ratzinger oh . the signal be poor today . strange how some day it 's good , some day it 's bad . bergoglio clock this remark . smile to himself . ratzinger : it 's a small pleasure . bergoglio : small pleasure be important . ratzinger : I lack company . always alone . bergoglio : isiah 41.x . ratzinger : '' do not be afraid for I will be with you . '' yes he 's there but he do not laugh , you know . at least I do not hear him laugh . you know . no , you do not know . someone like you would not know . bergoglio do not know how to react . ratzinger sidestep any emotional response by return to the tv . ratzinger : but I must not spoil you enjoyment of the show . later . bergoglio sit there , as the program play , but he eye turn to the pope ... .-- who have nodd off in he chair , emit a soft snore . held tightly in the pope 's hand be the remote control . bergoglio check the time on he watch , and move toward the sleep pope , carefully reach out for the remote . the pope 's grip be too intense , and bergoglio cannot prize the remote control free . the pope wake up , with a snort , and immediately laugh as he resume watch the german program ... ratzinger ( to bergoglio ) you enjoy ? 59 bergoglio : yes of course . thank you . ratzinger get up to go to bed but before he do so , bow he head and begin that beautiful little prayer - the nunc dimitis . bergoglio join in . ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) nunc dimittis . let you servant depart in peace now Lord , accord to you word .. bergoglio : ( join in the prayer ) ... for my eye have see you salvation which you have prepare for all the people . to be a light to lighten the world . ratzinger : God grant we a quiet night and a perfect end . goodnight . bergoglio go to give he a big hug but ratzinger mistake the gesture for a income handshake and they end up awkwardly hold hand as if about to dance . ext . castel gandolfo - night the set sun set fire to the lovely mirror of Lake albano . the sky be full of star . a shoot star cross the air . feel like a Disney movie . but a telephone start to ring break the magic . a telephone ring non stop . int . castel gandolfo - dine room - morning a couple of nun have set up a buffet breakfast . bergoglio be mid breakfast when Roberto swan in . in the distance a phone be ringing non-stop . roberto : his holiness apologize . he have be call back to Rome . urgent business . if you could be ready as soon as possible , eminence . I will arrange for you bag to be collect . 60 bergoglio : of course . do not worry about my bag . I travel light . but Roberto do not respond . his own phone be ringing now too . ext . castel gandolfo - morning bergoglio come out carry he bag . he be intercept by the gardener , who pass he a little bundle of fresh oregano . gardener : giardiniere : I take a cut . when you Ho preso delle talee . quando get home you can plant it . arrivate a casa potete piantarle . bergoglio : bergoglio : thank you . i’1l remember you grazie . mi ricordero 's di lei whenever I cook with it . ogni volta che le usero 's . Roberto come to chivvy bergoglio . a car be wait . ext . castel gandolfo ( 2012 ) - helipad day the car pull up . bergoglio climb out and stare in amazement . a helicopter be wait - ratzinger already on board . int . papal helicopter ( 2012 ) - day ratzinger indicate the head - set so that they will be able to speak to each other . bergoglio : I hope this urgent business be nothing too distress . but ratzinger blank this tenderness . ratzinger : the plant ? be it basil ? bergoglio : oregano . you gardener ... 61 ratzinger : ah yes . it must be very useful , this popularity of yours . be there a trick to it ? bergoglio : I try to be myself . ratzinger : hmm , when I try to be myself , people do not seem to like I very much . the helicopter take off , swinging into the sky . bergoglio : with regard to my resignation ... ratzinger point at the earphone with a '' can not hear you '' gesture . ext . the vatican ( 2012 ) - day a sweeping aerial of the vatican CITY and the dome of ST peter . ext . heliport ( 2012 ) - day the helicopter land - still some distance from the vatican . there 's a car wait for ratzinger . as soon as he leave the helicopter ratzinger be give a fat report . around he stand adviser , clergy and non-clergy . benedict open the report as he be inform of its content . ( we do not hear what weighty matter be discuss , but can only infer that the crisis be a large one . ) angle on : ratzinger , troubled , heavily burden , as he receive the briefing , climb into the car . he seem tired as he listen to the impassion argument and counsel of he curia staff . bergoglio have be more or less forget . Roberto appear next to he . roberto : the Holy Father want to finish he conversation with you but first he must deal with ... a urgent matter . 62 bergoglio : May I know the nature of it ? roberto : when the Holy Father be ready I 'il come and find you . Roberto go to the car . bergoglio be leave behind . ext . ST . peter' square ( 2012 ) - day bergoglio - bag in hand - be leave the vatican . he run into a pack of opportunistic photographer and journalist . we assume they be connect with whatever it be that have bring ratzinger back to Rome . american journalist : Father would you care to make a statement about the latest event ? bergoglio : the second goal be never off-side . if the referee be not blind , San Lorenzo would be sit on top of the primera today . american journalist : Father , the international community bergoglio : oh! International ! no worry on that score . Argentina will definitely qualify for the World Cup . american journalist : do you have anything to say about the latest scandal ? bergoglio : I be just visit . if you do not mind ... what be the latest crisis ? rebuffed and wonder , bergoglio move on . the journalist roll they eye , think bergoglio be play they . american journalist : ok father . I know you can not talk ... good luck tonight ... 63 ext . street - rome ( 2012 ) - day bergoglio glance back at the mighty facade . he walk towards the domus internationalis . he 's just a ordinary man , walk through city crowd . int . domus internationalis ( 2012 ) - day bergoglio be wash he sock in the sink , while watch the tv - a report on about a scandal at the vatican bank . UK female newsreader : it 's the only bank in the World where the ATM give you instruction in Latin . it 's the only bank in the World - say a new report - that operate a off - shore tax haven from the centre of a capital city . tonight the italian government have seize ten of million in deposit from the vatican Bank . Pope benedict have be force to return from castel gandolfo - he summer palace - to talk to one of the bank 's director - a priest - Father scarano . tonight , the vatican itself be under siege . bergoglio watch as the tv play image of ratzinger leave the helicopter earlier - the very journey on which bergoglio be a passenger just a few hour ago . ext . sport bar , roma ( 2012 ) - night there 's a bar with a argentinian flag over the door and jersey on the wall . bergoglio hurry towards it . he know it from previous trip . int . ratzinger 's bedroom - vatican ( 2012 ) - night benedict kneel in intense prayer in he bedroom . CUT to : 64 int . sport bar roma ( 2012 ) - night Argentina be play ecuador in the World Club qualifier . everyone be cheer . Argentina have score . bergoglio turn to he fellow fan . bergoglio : bergoglio : you pray for it to go in . ya que rezaron para que meta you should give thanks that el gol ... iahora deberian it do . agradecer que lo metid ! there 's a grudge acknowledgement of this logic . bergoglio : bergoglio : thank you Lord for the gift gracias sefior por el talento of El pipita . de El pipita . fan : fan : amen . amen bergoglio : bergoglio : help to keep he temper . Te pedimo que lo ayude a controlar su cardcter . fan : fan : amen . double amen . amen. doble amen . bergoglio : bergoglio : also , God bless we Pope . que dios bendiga a nuestro papa también one fan immediately object to this . fan : fan : this Pope ?! the german . no , é este papa ? El aleman. no , no . let he bless no , no , no ! que 61 se bendiga himself . solo . bergoglio be take aback by the popular dislike for ratzinger . on the tv the commentator be become excited . another goal maybe . everyone turn back to the tv . but bergoglio have lose he sociability . he stand at one remove . int . ratzinger's bedroom - vatican ( 2012 ) - night back to ratzinger praying . this time we hear he prayer . it 's the nunc dimittis in Latin . ratzinger : nunc dimittis servum tuum , domine , secundum verbum tuum in pace . 65 bergoglio : ( v.o. ) let you servant depart in peace now Lord , accord to you word . bergoglio : ( v.o. ) ahora , sefior , segan tu promesa , puede dejar a tu siervo irse en paz int . domus internationalis bedroom ( 2012 ) - night bergoglio say he prayer . he 's praying for ratzinger . bergoglio : God grant he a quiet night and a perfect end . bergoglio : que dios le conceda una noche serena y un final feliz . insert : the sun come up over Rome . Big stone pine silhouett against a red sky . int . corridor vatican ( 2012 ) - early morning Roberto almost run along the corridor . his phone keep buzzing . he keep have to reject call . pick up on he talk to ratzinger who be be dress by he dresser . ratzinger be still in he underwear - he unusually lengthy underpant and long sock look slightly comic . ratzinger : what do you mean he 's not here ? roberto : I ... we can not find he . ratzinger : ( frantic ) what room do you give he ? roberto : I assume , as a Jesuit , he would be stay in the Jesuit mother house . ratzinger : he have not stay there for year . he have a problematic relationship with the order . ratzinger : che vuol dire con non e' qui ? roberto : io ... non lo troviamo . ratzinger : ( agitato ) quale stanza gli avete dato ? roberto : Ho dato per scontato , che come gesuita , avrebbe alloggiato alla casa professa dei gesuiti . ratzinger : non alloggia li’ da anni . ha un rapporto difficile con l’ordine . CUT to : 66 int . vatican security room - day the head of Security listen to Roberto who be look for bergoglio . he turn and give a order to someone next to he . ( improvise ) ext . ST peter 's square - day a swiss Guard stand in front of the gate at paolo VI listen to the walkie-talkie and look around . ext . vatican - paolo VI ( 2012 ) - day bergoglio - bag in hand - walk back towards the vatican . there be still horde of journalist and tv crew . a journalist approach he with a microphone . bergoglio do not stop walk . the journalist follow he . PRESS : holiness do you have anything to say about the arrest of Father scarano ? bergoglio : what do you want I to say ? PRESS : will the vatican be contest it ? bergoglio : what ? no . it 's not like he 's be arrest for praying too many rosary ! I can not give a statement , but I can give you a bless . swiss guard interrupt the interview . swiss guard : cardinal ! Emminence ... he lead bergoglio by the elbow towards the entrance . he talk into he walkie-talkie , say he 's find he . int . vatican stair ( 2012 ) - day the young swiss Guard - in he fabulous uniform be now lead bergoglio silently up the big stair .. bergoglio : I have always wonder ... the uniform , be it comfortable ? 67 no response . bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) it can not be easy to keep clean . maybe someone else clean it ? they come to a door in the middle of the stair . the Guard stand back to let bergoglio pass through it but as bergoglio be about to pass he , he say quietly ... swiss guard : it 's not comfortable . but it be base on a painting by Michelangelo so ... I be a work of art . they go up the stair that feel like back -stage . bergoglio : you will not be a work of art forever . swiss guard : I be a student . economics . bergoglio : ah! economics ... swiss guard : eminence , what you say about the trickle - down theory of wealth creation ... bergoglio : that nothing trickle down but humiliation and suffer ? swiss guard : I quote it in my dissertation . bergoglio : do you get a good mark ? swiss guard : a-star . bergoglio : good work . when you finish you study ... do not be a banker . the swiss Guard open a door . bergoglio : ( cont ’d ) that 's where we be meeting ? 68 swiss guard : I do not know . I be just ask to bring you here . bergoglio : thank you . bergoglio go through the door into ... int . sistine chapel ( 2012 ) - day the sistine Chapel - so vivid , so alive . it 's heart - stop . bergoglio stop to take it all in . walk towards the altar . bergoglio consider the last judgement all alone . close on : his old black shoe as he cross the marble floor . he stop at the huge end - panel , with its rendering of heaven and hell , the angel haul up to heaven that soul in hellish torment - a powerful depiction of sin . a door open . a figure appear . it 's ratzinger . the pope walk to bergoglio , whose heart begin to pound , such be the drama of the set . ratzinger : I have never be in here when it be empty before . I want to share the moment with you . they both stand look up at it , marvel . bergoglio : if I be Pope I would be in here every day . ratzinger : what else ? bergoglio : what ? ratzinger : if you have be choose . what else would you do ? bergoglio : Holy Father ... ratzinger : this place would be different , I think . 69 bergoglio : I would not eat alone for a start . apart from the theology , it 's not good for you . ratzinger nod - notice the concern as well as the ideology . bergoglio : all through the gospel Jesus be always break bread , feed the people . even after he come back from the dead he barbecue fish on the shore of Lake galilee ... he 's describe some of the scene from the frescoes . ratzinger : what else ? bergoglio : I have sort out the bank . ratzinger : good luck with that . ratzinger laugh . bergoglio be throw . bergoglio : the bank almost destroy my country . they beg for deregulation like tiger plead to be let out of they cage . they devour everything in sight . ratzinger : the curia 's a machine . you put you hand inside , it chop it into mincemeat . it protect itself . to become Pope be to become breakfast . ratzinger sound exhaust and bitter . bergoglio look and walk towards the Ghirlandaio fresco of the vocation of the apostle ( it show Christ on a beach with fisherman ) . bergoglio : the only way to follow him be to be where he be . where be he ? right now ? in the bomb crater in Syria . on the little beach welcoming refugee . at lampedusa . in hospital ... ( more ) 70 bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) ( refer to the chapel ) not here ... see ?... you be beginning to be glad I be resign . ratzinger : for week , I have be praying for a sign . bergoglio : I do not understand . int . sistine chapel - ( part 2 ) - day they're now seat on the marble bench against the curtain . ratzinger for he . ratzinger : when you request to resign come I know I could not accept it without speak to you . you have to come here . but perhaps you have to come here for some other purpose . bergoglio : like what ? ratzinger : I have make a decision about something . a decision of great importance for the life of the whole Church . for she future . something I ask you to hide in you soul , and speak of to no -one . ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) sometimes you notice little thing . the other night after prayer I blow out the candle . instead of rise up , the smoke go down . like cain 's offer . do you notice such thing ? bergoglio : I buy the ticket for my flight here before you request my presence . look up at this . it 's as though it 's a clincher ratzinger : no! really ? that give I encouragement . you be the right person . I be go to resign . 71 he 's throw this last sentence away so casually that bergoglio do not notice it at first . bergoglio : the right person for what ? ratzinger : to tell . I need to say it out loud to someone first . bergoglio : say what ? ratzinger : what I just say . I be go to resign . bergoglio : resign from what ? ratzinger : the papacy . the chair of St Peter . the bishopric of Rome . I be go to renounce they all . bergoglio : but then ... I mean ... you can not . if you do that , you would not be Pope any more . ratzinger : yes bergoglio : but you be the Pope ... ratzinger : yes . bergoglio : pope can not resign . ratzinger : in fact it 's not without precedent . celestine V do it in 1294 . ratzinger be not comfortable on the marble bench . he look to a security guard 's cloth chair in the corner of the chapel . bergoglio : Holy Father ... you think people will not be shocked because this happen once before ... seven hundred year ago ! 72 ratzinger stand up and go to grab a chair . ratzinger : the marble be too cold . bergoglio : I can not breathe ... I come here just to ask for you signature on a piece of paper . on he way to the chair he point to the door on the opposite side of the chapel , as if say : '' get that other chair for you '' . bergoglio go . ratzinger : now you know why I could not give you that . there will be another conclave . it be important that you be there . bergoglio : but , Holy Father , you can not do this . you must not ! why do the president of America and Russia , of China , all come to you ? because , unlike they , you authority derive from the fact you will suffer and die on the job . a Pope represent service - life long - until death ! - a martyr for justice and truth . for this all people come . forgive I but ... ratzinger : but ? bergoglio : ++. Christ do not come down from he cross . ratzinger be stung . but also reflective , almost wonder . ratzinger : God always grant you the right word . bergoglio the Pope must go on , to the end . be the personification of the crucify Christ ! if you resign you will damage the prestige of the papacy forever . they be now seat face each other . 73 ratzinger seem to think this over before replying . ratzinger : and what damage will I do if I remain ? bergoglio register this point - but he thought flee and regroup like flock of starling . bergoglio : I can not understand how this conversation be happen . the last time anyone discuss a thing like this , this frescoes be not paint . two pope ? unthinkable . ratzinger : in 1978 we have three . bergoglio : not at the same time ! ratzinger : I be make a little joke . bergoglio : a joke ? ratzinger : a german joke . it do not have to be funny . bergoglio : what would we call you ? ratzinger : Father ratzinger ? brother Joseph ?... german humour again ? ratzinger come up with a name : ratzinger : ( cont ’d ) Pope emeritus ? would that work ? bergoglio : two pope . both commanding authority . ratzinger : only one would command authority . I would hide away ... out of the spot - light . silence incarnate ! '' silentium incarnatum '' 74 bergoglio bergoglio bergoglio : even if you be never see or hear again , you will still exist . ratzinger : for a while at any rate . bergoglio : but you view , very well know view , will exist . and therefore will have authority still ! could you accept that ? ratzinger : there 's a say - the Lord correct one Pope by give we the next . I have like to see my correction . throw up he hand - bergoglio : where would you live ? ratzinger : I will find somewhere . I would keep out of you way . bergoglio : '' my '' way ?! ratzinger : possibly . I think it have to be a possibility ... be not go to have that conversation . bergoglio be you be pressured to go ? the curia ? ratzinger : if there be pressure from there , I would resist it . I know my reason be pure . the Pope stare , neither confirm or deny this -— ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) I be a scholar not a manager -- I have a pace - maker and can no longer see out of my leave eye . governance require eye I do not have . ( more ) 75 ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) I have fight and fight to do what need to be do . but I have lose . bergoglio be amaze to see the pope humble himself like this . ratzinger 's watch beep . '' - time to walk '' '' . ratzinger stand up and start walk towards the entrance of the chapel . he do not need to explain anything . bergoglio and forth ratzinger follow ratzinger and they both walk and talk back in the sistine Chapel as if it be a gym . bergoglio : it be we weakness that call forth the grace of god . when we offer we weakness , he give we strength . ratzinger : I have answer you question ... be satisfied . bergoglio with respect , holiness , it 's not I who have to be satisfied . it 's 1.2 billion believer . they will need to know why . otherwise they will think there be some scandal , some plot ... go quiet . maybe there be some mystery ? ratzinger : that be the calculation of leadership . a calculation we must both make . bergoglio : both ? why ? ratzinger : for week I have be praying . I want to resign . but the think that stop I - what if at the next conclave , they vote for you . bergoglio : then I offer my resignation . ratzinger : exactly . and I be delighted . one reason I do not want to resign be ... what if you be next . this be only half in jest . bergoglio smile . 76 bergoglio ratzinger : ( cont ’d ) and so you come . and now I have change . bergoglio : you compromise . ratzinger : no. I have change . it 's a different thing . you approach , you style be radically different from mine . and I do not agree with most thing you say and do ... smile - ratzinger but now I can see a necessity for bergoglio . I cannot do this without know that there be at least a possibility that you might be choose . bergoglio : no. Father , I could never ... not I . ratzinger : we both know , in we heart , that it could be . the Church need change and you could be that change . bergoglio : not , not I , never . it could not be I . ratzinger : why not ? bergoglio : you know why ... ratzinger : I have read you file . bergoglio : ( emphatic ) the file be incomplete . flashback to : int . confessional - basilica do flore ( 1955 ) - night we be back in 1955 with the young bergoglio in the confessional , as we see before . young bergoglio : joven bergoglio : bless I father for I have bendiceme padre porque he sin . pecado ... priest : sacerdote : go now and sin no more ... podé irte y en adelante no vuelvas a pecar . Young bergoglio open the door of the confessional but - as before - it do not lead into the peace of the basilica ... CUT to : ext . rivadavia ( 1976 ) - day a armored car rumble by incredibly close . people peep out from behind curtain and shutter , too scared to protest . Soldiers barge past . off this unnerve , violent moment we lurch into ext . archival footage / dirty war / argentina - day in a mix of re-enactment and archival footage Archive footage : we get the atmosphere of life under the junta - include footage of tank and protest . videla ( archive ) Al pueblo de Argentina . El pais transita por una de las etapas mas dificile de su historia presence of military on the street . civilian be violently approach . Cars be stop and check . bergoglio ( v.0 . ) in the 70' , the government be overthrown by a military dictatorship . at that time , I become the head of the Jesuit priest in Argentina . 78 during a Mass , bergoglio be placing communion wafer on the tongue of the congregation who file forward and OPEN there mouth ... bergoglio : ( v.o. ) everybody be a suspect . 30,000 people be kill . anyone who disagree , disappear . esther , my old boss , my friend , she daughter be among they . insert archive of mugica 's speech : padre mugica : no se trata m as que de restituir al pueblo , lo que al pueblo le corresponde . todo ser humano en una sociedad civilizada en la cual se aplique los principio de Jesus cristo , tiene que tener derecho a su trabajo . fr. mugica - be gun down outside he church . bergoglio : ( v.o . ) many priest be see as supporter of the armed resistance . Father mugica , the voice of the poor in Argentina be martyre in 1974 ... after he many priest and nun be kill . the body of a priest be throw on to the train track . another priest be shot . the death squad then drive away . bergoglio : this be not a time I be proud of , father . a nun be drag , about to be throw from a military plane . bergoglio be be present to massera in the lobby of he headquarters . he see astiz . bergoglio : ( v.o . ) I feel my job be to make sure my priest be safe . so I talk to Admiral massera , one of the leader of the junta . I try to reason with he , to compromise . 79 ext . plaza do mayo ( 1977 ) - day footage of disappear and the mother of Plaza de mayo . esther be in the crowd be interview . esther : somo argentinas , vivimos en Argentina , lo que podemo asegurar es que hay mile y mile de madre sufriendo mucha angustia , mucho dolor , mucha desesperacién . sd6lo queremo saber dénde estan nuestros hijo . vivo of muertos . insert ( archive ) : videla : " there 's no way we can deal with the disappear because they disappear . " int . esther 's house ( 1977 ) - day esther and bergoglio be have a argument . esther 's flat be a typical activist 's home - full of book and leaflet . bergoglio : ( v.o. ) esther be a atheist , a marxist . before the dictatorship that do not matter . now she think I be the enemy . bergoglio select the book and put they on a card box , esther just watch . esther : esther : all of they ? todos ? bergoglio : bergoglio : no , this one can stay , the no , 6 éste se puede quedar , el rest I ’1ll take with I . resto I los llevo . esther : esther : how do you know that they be como sab que I estan watch I ? vigilando ? bergoglio open a news paper in which astiz be see among the mother protest . esther 's face turn ashen white . she look as though she have be hit . 80 bergoglio : this man who '' speak out '' with you . his name be astiz . personal friend of Admiral massera . they call he the blonde angel of death . that 's why I be here . to warn you . he 's a informer . esther : do you know he ? what be you do ? why do not you speak out !? bergoglio : if I speak out I would not be able to help you . bergoglio : bergoglio : este hombre que protesta con ustede se llama astiz . es amigo personal del almirante massera . Le dicen el angel de la muerte . por eso vine hasta aca . para prevenirte . es un informante . esther : lo conoce ? y que esta haciendo aca ? porque 's no salis a hablar !? bergoglio : Si dijera algo , ya no podria ayudarte . ( v.0 . ) I take she book away for safekeep . marx , gramsci , guevara ... esther 's daugther be arrest inside a bus and drag to a paramilitar car . pick up on a young woman , week later , walk into the flat . it 's esther 's daughter . she be pregnant bergoglio : ( v.o. ) she look at I like a stranger ... with fear ... that be the last time I ever see she . she warn I and I do not listen . have I listen I would not have make the mistake I make . CUT to : int . seminary library ( 1976 ) - day helped by discontented seminarian , a orderly be take book from the shelf and put they into a trolley . and by a fume Father jalic ( who we see greet he when he join the order ) bergoglio : ( v.o. ) I see my role as to protect the Jesuit order and its priest . as you mention , I purge the library of marxist text . 81 int . basilica ( 1976 ) - day during a Mass , bergoglio be place communion wafer on the tongue of the congregation who file forward and open they mouth ... bergoglio : bergoglio : the body of Christ ... the body El cuerpo de cristo ... El of Christ ... cuerpo de cristo . but then a poor woman have she mouth close . bergoglio : ( v.o. ) I stick to the rule . poor woman : mujer humilde : remarried . I volvi a casar , padre . bergoglio nod , understandingly , and instead of offer she a wafer , make the sign of the cross instead , thereby '' bless '' she . he then move on to the next person and resume set wafer on tongue .... CUT to : ext . rivadavia - car workshop ( 1976 ) - day yorio and jalic be oversee a car repair workshop run by young people - it 's a slum project ( we will see more of later ) . bergoglio : ( v.o. ) I close down we project in the slum . int . rivadavia - car workshop ( 1976 ) - day some teenage boy be work under the bonnet of a truck in a roughly construct workshop - the wall be make of old billboard . a older man ( luis ) be show they what to do . bergoglio arrive . fr. jalic see he and come to greet he warmly . jalic : jalic : jorge , Father jorge . my dear jorge , padre jorge ... mi hijo son . querido . he embrace bergoglio and introduce he to Luis . 82 jalic : ( cont 'd ) this be fr. jorge . I use to teach he and now he be the head of all jesuit in Argentina . oh. and uruguay . warm greeting . jalic : ( cont 'd ) the young man be learn skill here . ( wry ) they be also learn about injustice - the injustice of they own life . bergoglio : I need you to close rivadavia down . jalic : what ?! jalic : ( cont 'd ) Te presento al padre jorge . yo fui su maestro y ahora él es el superior de todo los jesuitas de Argentina ... ah ... y de uruguay ! jalic : ( cont 'd ) Los muchachos estan aprendiendo algunas habilidade ... ( irénico ) también estan aprendiendo sobre las injusticias --- empezando por la injusticia de sus propias vida . bergoglio necesito que cierren rivadavia . jalic : é qué decis ? pick up on bergoglio and jalic have now be join by two other priest - yorio and dourron . yorio : we have build this mission from nothing . this be we people . bergoglio : since massera take over , I have not lose one Jesuit because ... jalic : because you do not speak out against the regime . because you have make we irrelevant . bergoglio : no . I do not speak out . I shelter people in the maximo . smuggle people over the border . yorio : no construimos esta misién para nada ... esta es nuestra gente . bergoglio : desde que massera llegé al poder , no perdi no un jesuita porque --- jalic : --- porque no hablas en contra del régimen . porque nos hiciste pasar por irrelevante . bergoglio : no ... no hablo en contra ... Sin embargo le di refugio a muchos en el maximo ... y ayudé a otros a cruzar la frontera ... 83 yorio : that 's not the point . save a few here a few there . we need to save the country . bergoglio : they be watch you . they do not like what they see . I know this for a fact . yorio : how ? bergoglio : what ? yorio : how do you know that , jorge ? yorio ese no es el punto . salvd a uno poco por aca y a otros poco por alla ... nosotros necesitamo salvar el pais . bergoglio : Los estan vigilando . y no les gusta lo que estan viendo . lo sé . es un hecho . yorio : écémo ? bergoglio : é qué ? yorio : cémo lo sab , jorge . bergoglio look uncharacteristically shifty . bergoglio : my role be to protect the order . yorio : that 's we call now ? to protect ourselves ? jalic : I taught you in the seminary . how do we get to know Christ ? by follow he footstep . where do they lead ? here . bergoglio : or to the fire squad . yorio : and if so , so be it . bergoglio : mi funcidén es proteger a la compafiia . yorio : éese es nuestro llamado ahora ? é protegernos a nosotros mismos ? jalic : yo the lo ensefé en el seminario . é cémo llegamos a conocer a cristo ? siguiendo sus paso . é2y dénde nos llevan eso paso ? aca . bergoglio : o al pelotén de fusilamiento . yorio : Si eso es lo que tiene que ser , que sea . 84 bergoglio : I be you provincial , and I be begging you - come back to the maximo . yorio : and if we do not ?. bergoglio : you be jesuit . you make a vow , break that vow and you be no longer jesuit . dourron : if we be not recognise by the order , we be no longer protect . you could be signing we death warrant . bergoglio : ( implore ) so keep to you vow . come back with I to the maximo . bergoglio yo soy su superior . y les estoy rogando que vuelvan al maximo . yorio : éy si no obedecemo ? bergoglio : ustede son jesuitas . hicieron un voto , rompan ese voto , y dejaradn de ser jesuitas . dourron : Si no somo reconocidos por la compafia , ya no estamo protegidos ... podé estar firmando nuestra sentencia de muerte . bergoglio : ( implorando ) entonce mantengan sus voto . vuelvan al maximo . jalic look at the other before speak . jalic : we refuse to cease we activity here . you carry on take tea with killer . bergoglio : I will talk to anyone who can help I save life . and you will shut down , under obedience , you project in villa 11.14 , rivadavia . that 's a order . jalic : nos oponemo a terminar con nuestras actividade aca . podé seguir tomando té con los asesinos . bergoglio : yo voy a hablar con quien sea que I pueda ayudar a salvar vida . y ustede , bajo mandato de obediencia , van a terminar con su proyecto en la villa 11.14 , rivadavia . es una orden . yorio and jalic say nothing , but rather turn and walk out . bergoglio be furious . he kick something . bergoglio : ( v.0 . ) they disobey my order ... question my authority ... CUT to : 85 int . sistine chapel ( 2012 ) - day bergoglio and ratzinger be seat together under the balcony . . ratzinger : you make a difficult , perhaps a imperfect choice . bergoglio : what be a order if it 's not its priest and its people . I miss it . I be suppose to protect they . I fail . CUT to : ext . buenos aire ezeiza ( 1976 ) - day Father dourron be pedall along a narrow street on he bicycle when he see military vehicle approach the Mission . he look behind he - some troops be walk into place at the other end of the street . he hide behind a fence . CUT to : ext . rivadavia ( 1976 ) - day Soldiers pile out of truck and run to the Mission . pick up on jalic , who be try to get to the Mission . he almost run into a group of soldier who level they weapon at he . he go down on he knee with he hand in the air . at the same time the paramilitary take yorio from the Mission to the second truck . bergoglio : ( v.o . ) it be not easy to entrust oneself to God 's mercy . I know , he have a very special capacity for forget we mistake . God forget , but I do not . int . sistine chapel - day bergoglio look up from the memory into the face of ratzinger . 86 bergoglio : father jorio and yalic - my old teacher - be take away and torture for month . they hand be break . he look up at the image of blood and martyrdom that run through the frescoes . bergoglio : I go back to massera . I take my tea . I implore for they freedom . but it be not enough . int . admiral massera 's office - day bergoglio enter the Marine headquarters determine to talk to massera . after a long wait he 's take to massera 's room . the door open , massera be watch a tennis Match , villas and borg . he be a big fan . bergoglio : you have two of my priest . father jalic and yorio . you be detain they ... admiral massera I will of course make enquiry , Father . bergoglio : they be not involved in any activity . admiral massera then why do you kick they out ? bergoglio : I do not kick they out . they be temporarily out of communion . a technical issue only . who tell you this ? bergoglio : usted tiene a dos de mis sacerdote . padre jalic y yorio . usted los tiene detenido . almirante massera por supuesto haré la investigacién pertinente , padre . bergoglio : ellos no estan involucrado en ninguna actividad . almirante massera : pentonce porqué los expulsé ( de la compafiia ) ? bergoglio : no los expulsé . sdé6lo les negué la comunién temporalmente . una cuestién técnica , nada ms . é quién le dijo eso ? 87 admiral massera : we see and hear everything . bergoglio : it 's be four month . what be you do with they ? admiral massera : I be sure they be be well take care of . I have tell all this to tortolo bergoglio : monsignor tortolo admiral massera : ( lose temper ) now look here bergoglio ! bergoglio : Admiral ! I know full well where my priest be , and I need they freed ! admiral massera : but they be not you priest , be they ? as you say - a '' technical issue '' . you should think of the implication before you act . int . esma - day almirante massera : nosotros vemo y oimo todo . bergoglio : ya pasaron cuatro mese . é qué esta haciendo con ellos ? almirante massera : estoy seguro de que los estan cuidando muy bien . ya he hablado de todo esto con el arzobispo tortolo . bergoglio : monsignor tortolo almirante massera : ( perdiendo la paciencia ) ya basta , bergoglio ! bergoglio : almirante ! yo sé perfectamente ddénde estan mis sacerdote , y exijo que los liber ! admiral massera : pero no son sus sacerdote , no es asi ? como usted bien dijo , '' una cuestidn técnica '' . deberia pensar en las implicancias de sus actos ante de actuar . jalic and yorio sit semi naked in they cell , with sack over they head ... bergoglio ( v.0 . ) my word have no impact . empty . ratzinger ( v.0 . ) well you do all you could . bergoglio ( v.0 . ) it be not enough . I do what be safe ... and justified it as try to protect my order . ratzinger ( v.0 . ) dictatorship take away we freedom to choose ... we both know that . 88 bergoglio : ( v.o. ) yes , or perhaps they reveal we own weakness . they test who we be . int . sistine chapel ( 2012 ) - day the two man be still sit under the balcony . bergoglio December 18th , 1977 . ratzinger : what be that ? bergoglio look haunt . CUT to : int . hercule military plane ( 1977 ) - day the scream of aero-engine . esther 's hand be grab by a naval officer and stretch out to its length . another officer inject she with something . she be struggle but the injection make she stop . wide : two other women be be unshackle . they have all be drugge . the door on the aircraft be then slid OPEN , and we see that the plane be fly over Ocean . one by one the women be flung to they death . they do not resist . can not resist . finally it 's esther 's turn . she be pull to the edge . and then throw out into the sea . bergoglio : ( v.o. ) and then they take esther , my dear friend . back to : int . sistine chapel ( 2012 ) - day bergoglio and ratzinger still talk together next to Michelangelo 's last judgement with its image of smashed and torture body . 89 bergoglio : there be so many body wash up on the shore that the coast guard complain they could no longer cope . bergoglio 's expression be one of great guilt . the Pope 's face be bent in prayer . he finally open he eye and look at bergoglio ... bergoglio : where be Christ in the day of the dictatorship - be he have meeting in the presidential palace , or be he be torture in the prison . and where be I ? ratzinger : dictatorship take away the freedom to choose . we both know that . bergoglio : I could have speak out in public . ratzinger : and if no one have listen . what then ? bergoglio : every choice that father yorio and jalic make , I make the opposite . a leader belong with he people , not hide away in a palace . CUT away to : ext . cordoba ( mid 1980 be ) - day the figure of bergoglio walk through the desolate , dusty condor-haunted hill . the image may seem like a metaphor at this point but we will discover that it 's a memory ... ratzinger : ( v.o . ) perhaps the path appear straight when we look back at it . on the way we often feel lose ... int . sistine chapel ( 2012 ) - day ratzinger place he hand on bergoglio 's . 90 ratzinger : you can not teach mercy without have experience mercy . let I show you another bergoglio , the one you be blind to . let I reveal you to yourself - bergoglio look up . what 's go on ? be ratzinger defend he ? ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) you talk about you authority . what do you do with that authority ? you use it to save dozen of life . bergoglio be surprised that ratzinger know this . ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) it 's in the file . you hide family of trade unionist in the seminary . you even drive some of they up to the border yourself . bergoglio it be not enough . insert : bergoglio hide activist at colegio maximo . ratzinger : not for you brother jesuit , no . bergoglio : pride obscure my judgement . the right to say mass be remove and with it , the protection of the Church . I be suppose to protect they ... I fail . int . colegio maximo office ( mid 1980 be ) - day bergoglio surrender he many key to the rector ... who solemnly watch this stripping away of bergoglio 's power ... ratzinger ( v.o. ) they accuse you of hard line view , of be right - wing , of have sin by do too little , of be egotistical . this be the thing that be say about you in the dossier , during the conclave . CUT to : 91 montage : a ) majestic wide - shot of - mountain , dry hill , peasant farmer work they dry land ... ratzinger : ( v.o. ) you be cast out -- remove from you position , stripped of all authority . you supporter be disperse , send abroad and tell not to contact you . finally , in shame .. B ) bergoglio , travel by bus , through this landscape . C ) midday . cordoba . bergoglio stand , look at the Jesuit residencia Mayor in cordoba , Argentina . D ) room no. 5 of the simple adobe sleep cell . the room be small and red . heavy red curtain , red-tile floor , red coverlet on the bed . a painting of the crucifixion be the only adornment . it look like the cell of a monk or a prisoner . bergoglio enter - E ) canteen . bergoglio be serve dinner to a group of old priest . bergoglio : ( v.0o ) two year of introspection , of dark day and night , of interior crisis . F ) bergoglio bathes a old priest G ) bergoglio scrub pot . h ) - bergoglio unfold a packet with book related to Liberation theology . bergoglio read a book related to the theology of people many other book be around . I ) bergoglio sleep on a simple small bed . bergoglio ( v.o . ) I hear a lot of confession ... I learn to listen and see people that I do not see before . bergoglio in room no. 5 , sit on he bed , under the shutter window , hear confession through the shutter . outside the open shutter , a peasant admit he sin - 92 peasant 1 bless I father for I have sin . peasant 2 bless I father for I have sin . peasant 3 bless I father ... campesino 1 bendigame , padre , porque he pecado . campesino 2 bendigame padre , porque he pecado . campesino 3 bendigame padre --- bergoglio , on he bed , he back to the wall under the shutter window , weep . int . SMALL chapel / cordoba ( mid 1980 be ) - day bergoglio be say Mass to a small collection of country folk in a simple country chapel . he move to the lectern to deliver he sermon and look at the simple country folk . the country folk look back at he . he go to speak but he lip do not move - at first . but then he know what he want to say ... 93 bergoglio : I use to have a tv . I like to watch football . ( beat ) my team be -- well -- I can tell anyone who be interested later . ( beat ) a tv need -- a aerial . and a signal . some day the signal be bad -- who know why . like prayer . some day the signal from God be strong , it go very well , you feel that connection , really plugge in , in direct communication , but other day -- it 's all you can do to feel '' well , I try - - at least today I try . '' you feel you get nothing back . people expect it to be different for a priest , as if God and I have a hot-line , install by Michelangelo work from a diagram by Da vinci . insert : bergoglio : yo solia tener television . I gustaba mirar fitbol . ( se detiene un instante ) yo soy hincha de --- bueno , eso se lo puedo decir mas tarde al que esté interesado ... una televisién necesita una antena . y una sefal . a vece la sefal es mala , quien sabe porqué ... como cuando rezamo . a vece la sefial que nos envia dios es fuerte y clara , funciona bien , uno puede sentir la conexién , estamo realmente enchufados , en comunicacién directa ... pero hay otros dias donde uno solo puede decir : '' bueno ... por lo meno lo intent é '' ... porque uno siente que no recibe nada ... que no tiene respuesta . La gente piensa que para nosotros , los sacerdote , funciona distinto , como si dios tuviera linea directa con nosotros , una linea construida por miguel angel gracias a un diagrama de Da vinci . image of bergoglio , alone , walk on the beautiful and dry landscape of cordoba . bergoglio : ( smile ) what I be say be ... I be not worthy to deliver a sermon today . the word would be just my word would only be mine ... and so most likely wrong or misleading . it would be better that you teach I . I be sorry . bergoglio : ( sonrie ) lo que quiero decir es ... que hoy no merezco darle un sermon ... mis palabras serian solo mis palabras ... y probablemente serian equivocadas of confusas ... Son ustede los que I tienen que ensefiar a mis . eso seria lo mejor . disculpen . he move back to the altar and continue the Mass - the congregation be stunne ! 94 int . SMALL chapel cordoba ( mid 1980 's ) - day in a slum church , during a small Mass for the slum dweller , he offer the wafer ( during '' communion '' ) then put it into the open outh of the congregation who file forward ... bergoglio bergoglio the body of Christ ... El cuerpo de cristo ... the body of Christ ... El cuerpo de cristo ... the body of Christ ... El cuerpo de cristo ... but then one woman have she mouth close . she whisper - slum woman 1 mujer humilde 1 Father , I be divorced . ( por lo bajo ) padre , soy divorciada . bergoglio nod , then do not hesitate , he place a wafer into the woman 's mouth . slum woman 2 mujer humilde 2 I too . yo también soy divorciada . he serve she . then move to the next man , who also have he mouth close . slum man 1 hombre humilde remarried . I volvi a casar , padre . bergoglio serve he too , then notice that the next man also have he mouth close . bergoglio look at the entire congregation . he should not really be give communion to any of this people - but do so . ext . SMALL chapel / cordoba ( mid 1980 be ) - day bergoglio be outside of the chapel share mate with the people that have just leave . he 's light and happy . montage cordoba landscape continue : a ) bergoglio be walk with some priest . B ) bergoglio be sit on a rock . C ) bergoglio be camp by a lake . D ) bergoglio be play football with local teenager . 95 ext . cordoba ( mid 1980 be ) - day bergoglio walk alone along a dirty road . huge mountain behind . he 's insignificant compare to that landscape . int . sistine chapel ( 2012 ) - day ratzinger and bergoglio be still sit together . ratzinger : it take year . until you be notice . cardinal quarracino notice you at a international conference . you give a famous speech . I have it here ... he start to read it ... int . modern build - buenos aire - 2000 - day a pack INTERNATIONAL audience of priest and lay-people await the speaker ... bergoglio ( we older bergoglio ) be at the lectern , speak in English . ratzinger ( v.o. ) we have know tyranny in this country , but -- a new tyranny rise up ... bergoglio walk up to the lectern . ratzinger 's vo fade and bergoglio 's voice come to the fore . bergoglio : a new tyranny rise up . not just here , but across the world . he stand there and survey the large pack congregation , pause before speak . a protestor shout ... protestor who be you to talk about tyranny ! you be friend with the tyrant ! people join in , boo bergoglio . bergoglio bow he head , take it , almost expect it . 96 bergoglio a tyranny not just of oppression or repression or terror . a tyranny of unfair economic structure that create huge inequality . bergoglio twenty percent of the world 's population consume resource at a rate that rob the poor nation and future generation of what they need to survive . just as the commandment '' thou shalt not kill '' set a clear limit in order to safeguard the value of human life , today we also have to say '' thou shalt not '' to a economy of exclusion and inequality which idolise money . such a economy also kill . angle on : cardinal ANTONIO quarracino , who realise he be hearing something new here , and so take out a dictaphone to record this . he start taping the address ... here , bergoglio fall silent - and we prelap the pope 's word into the next scene - bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) there be a phrase now '' trickle down economics '' . let I tell you , nothing trickle down to the poor but poverty and injustice . cardinal quarracino look around he to see how bergoglio 's message be be receive . his Pov of : transfix people , rivete . he turn back to bergoglio , who resume — bergoglio ( cont 'd ) every community be call to be a instrument for the liberation , the liberation and the promotion of the poor ! he step down . the congregation be not quite sure what they have hear . cardinal quarracino see bergoglio surround by journalist . quarrantino approach to congratulate and talk to bergoglio but we do not hear what they be say . ratzinger : ( v.o. ) you be make bishop . but you do not live like one . ( more ) 97 ratzinger : ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you renounce luxury . you become the '' Bishop of the slum . you do the work you once deny father yorio and jalic ! ext . buenos aire ( 2012 ) - day a drone shot show two face of the vast city ; firstly show the affluent skyline of office block then we be in the middle of villa 21 . bergoglio be be drive on a trike through the villa . the drine follow he from behind . some people greet he as he walk . ext . villa 21 ( 2002 ) , food kitchen and clothes distribution centre - day bergoglio help out in a food kitchen and distribute clothes . bergoglio : ( v.o. ) I try to walk the road from which I banish they . every vegetable I chop ... every eviction we prevent . every case we plead , be some kind of penance . ratzinger : ( v.o. ) yes . int . sistine chapel ( 2012 ) - day he be still sit close to ratzinger . he look he in the eye . ratzinger : my dear son , you have confess to I . allow I to absolve you . bergoglio hesitates . have he be out - manoeuvr ? ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) believe in the mercy that you preach . bergoglio bow he head . ratzinger : I absolve you in the name of the father and of the son and of the Holy Spirit . 98 bergoglio look up . he look less haunt , more ready . bergoglio : thank you , Father . the tourist door open . Roberto come in . two security guard stay close to the door . we be aware of noise outside . roberto : Holy Father , it 's nine o'clock , they be open the door to the public . the door at the far end of the chapel open . a couple of swiss Guards come in and take up position . ratzinger : oh , Heaven . the museum ... the tourist ... roberto : should I delay the open , Holy Father ? ratzinger : no , no . of course not . some of that people have wait all they life to see this . ( to bergoglio ) come ... the guard hold the entrance door till the Pope have go . the sound of tourist can be hear outside . ratzinger open a little door and they slip into ... int . vatican - chamber of tear ( 2012 ) - day as they settle down ... bergoglio : Holy Father , be you hungry ? ratzinger look startle . no one ever ask he that . ratzinger : do you know , I think perhaps I be . he glance at Roberto , who be take aback . roberto : I could ask the kitchen to ... 99 bergoglio : no need . there 's a place just in front of via de porta angelica . excellent coffee and pizza . Roberto look utterly nonpluss . but the Pope nod at he . int . sistine chapel ( 2012 ) - day the door be open , as the tourist enter Roberto cross the way in the opposite direction . guard guardie no photo , please ... nessuna niente foto , per favore ... foto , per favore ... nessuna foto , per piacere . ext . rome - via do porta angelica ( 2012 ) - day Roberto - look painfully uncomfortable - have just order at the bar . bar : bar owner : to take away ? Da portare via ? roberto : roberto : ( never say this before in ( in tutta LA sua vita non he life ) yes . to take away . l’ha mai detto questo ) si. Da portare via . int . vatican - chamber of tear ( 2012 ) - day ratzinger : they call it the chamber of tear . I come in here josef ratzinger , I leave as benedict XVI . no one tell you if they be tear of joy or tear of sorrow . bergoglio : I suppose that 's up to you . ratzinger : yes . I suppose it be . Roberto come in with coffee , fanta and a pizza . roberto : father . ratzinger : thank you , Roberto . 100 he go . only when he 's go do ratzinger allow himself to giggle . ratzinger you know , whenever a Pope eat , there use to be three jesuit present to act as '' food taster . '' lack of jesuit have poison more than one Pope . bergoglio : I can take a bite of you slice if you like . just to be on the safe side . would you say grace , Father ? ratzinger : thank you Lord , for this food -- that we enjoy here -- in this place -- outside of time and the -- the relentless concern of the outside world ... bergoglio begin the sign of the Cross , think Grace complete ... but ... ratzinger : ..- where -- if but for a moment -- we may find serenity -- peace -- tranquility ... ( silence , then - ) Lord , you church , you flock be in crisis . grant we the wisdom -- and the strength ... bergoglio think again the grace be over , until - ratzinger ...to oppose the hypocrisy that disfigure she . be it over ? surely it be ! until - the pope resume , even more fervently ... the knuckle of he fold hand white with strain ... something bergoglio notice with concern - ratzinger : St. Francis intercede for we as we seek to repair the church ... the pope then open he eye - and look directly at bergoglio ... ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) would you like to add anything ? 101 bergoglio : amen ? ratzinger : amen . they pick up the pizza . ratzinger : I be think of you teacher - yorio and jalic - do you ever reconcile with they ? bergoglio : with jalic . we say a mass together ... flashback to : int . sacristy - church , argentina ( 1980 be ) - day in the vestry , bergoglio dress . his back be to the door , when it open and in walk - fr. jalic ! bergoglio bergoglio can you make sure the candle é controlad que las vela be light ? estén encendidas , por favor ? bergoglio turn - and see jalic . tension between they . jalic : jalic arch -bishop . arzobispo ... bergoglio bergoglio jalic . jalic . silence , then - jalic : jalic : I must get ready . tengo que prepararme . CUT to : int . Mass ( 1980 be ) - day bergoglio and jalic be con-celebrate the mass together . jalic pour water on bergoglio 's hand . bergoglio wash it . as he get the towel to dry , they look at each other . bergoglio be uncomfortable . 102 pick up : bergoglio : ( cont ’d ) bergoglio : the peace of the Lord be with que la paz del sefior esté con you . we can give each other a ustede . fraternal hug to go in peace . podemo darno , fraternalmente entre todo , un abrazo de paz . they both turn to each other . eye meet eye - both have compassion for the other . bergoglio ( v.0 . ) we cry . in each other 's arm . he forgive I . with he eye , jalic forgive , smile through he tear . int . vatican the chamber of tear ( 2012 ) - day bergoglio have begin to cry , at the memory . ratzinger : and yorio ? bergoglio : to the end he think I a traitor . and now he be dead . I be still divisive in Argentina . ratzinger : yesterday you tell I that life be never static ? ( slight pause ) you lead , not by power , not by intellect , but by how you live or the way you have live . ( slight pause ) you have change . bergoglio : but , Father , that man , that doubt be still inside I . ratzinger look around - almost as if look for a clock - something distracting - something to deflect the conversation . ratzinger : what be the time I wonder ? ratzinger get up and go to check that they be alone , look at bergoglio - then make a decision . 103 ratzinger : I be go to introduce you to a man who have not change and refuse to change , and you be go to hear for yourself the price he have pay . I have to request that you hear he confession . ratzinger : my old friend Father carmine usually hear it but this time I would prefer you . I mean , you would not deny I a confession , would you cardinal ? ( pause ) do not be afraid . bergoglio : how should I start ? ratzinger : I do not know ... what do you usually say ? bergoglio : ( feel wrong ) how long since you last confession ? ratzinger : eight day . perhaps . bergoglio ask the formula question and immediately get nervous - they be not very pope-appropriate . bergoglio and have you sin greatly in that time ? I do not mean to imply that you ... ratzinger : of course I have sin - numerous sin - venal sin . ( he begin ) to God - I wish to repent for the sin of my life . in choose to do wrong and fail to do good , I have sin against you , Lord , whom I should love above all thing . ( pause ) as a child I fail you first -- by not have the bravery to taste life . I hide away in book . ( pause ) ( more ) 104 ratzinger : ( cont 'd ) then in war I join the Hitler youth . every fourteen year old be order to . I desert . but within the church , I take part in the enforcement - enforcement of the truth . bergoglio : oh ? ratzinger : yes . rule , you see , define my life . obedience under the law . I know now that this have leave I empty of the world we Church be mean to help . be this why , as archbishop - - of munich I fail you again ? bergoglio : go on ... and here , pope benedict lean in closely to bergoglio 's ear . ecu on : he lip , as they begin to move . wide : we do not hear the pope 's confession . but see it at a distance - hearing nothing , until - bergoglio move back from he .. ratzinger : forgive I . still bergoglio withhold forgiveness bergoglio : he be transfer -- from parish to parish ? ratzinger : I do not give sufficient attention to the duty assign to this one priest . bergoglio : '' sufficient attention '' ?! ( silence ) on and on ? Village after village ? ratzinger : forgive I bergoglio : but you know ? 105 ratzinger : ( avoid this ) I should have know . the fact be send to I . evidence be place on my desk bergoglio : so while you be enforce the truth , the rule , you forget to love the people you be mean to protect . ( beat ) . you confess , you say there be more . ratzinger I ask for forgiveness . bergoglio touch he shoulder . bergoglio : ( cont ’d ) it 's here , in confession , where we be force to look at the vastness of we failure , that we finally see the vastness of his mercy . bergoglio see the Pope 's pain - and move back to he . bergoglio if this confession be the sole reason you wish to resign , then it 's even more important you stay now and heal this wound stay here . complete the work you have begin . ratzinger : every reason I give you be never enough . then listen again ...! ( powerfully ) silence ! ( beat ) I can no longer hear God 's voice . bergoglio : we all have that experience - ratzinger : ( powerfully ) I can no longer hear God ! I believe in God ! I pray ... but only silence . how can I reveal he Word to we million of pilgrim if I do not hear he presence ? 106 bergoglio : I too ... mother theresa ... the Lord himself cry out why have you abandon I . ratzinger : no . I have be alone my whole life , but I have never be lonely , until now . you wish for a '' extraordinary reason '' for my resignation - do you have one now ? bergoglio : and you have tell this to - ? ratzinger : no-one . you . just you . but this last two day , I have hear he again . bergoglio : you see ? ratzinger : speak to I in the last voice I expect he to use - yours . your cardinal . bergoglio : no . ratzinger : I have hear he in you . perhaps I could no longer hear him , not because he be withdraw from I , but because he be say , '' go my faithful servant . '' bergoglio help he out of he chair and face he , then close he eye and fold he finger ... bergoglio God , the father of mercy , have send the Holy Spirit among we for the forgiveness of sin ; May God grant you his pardon and peace and I absolve you of you sin ... in a more personal tone bergoglio quote ratzinger to himself . there 's a tender irony . 107 bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) but remember ... truth may be vital but without love it be also unbearable - caritas in veritate . bergoglio walk away , he back turn on the Pope , to say - bergoglio in the name of the Father , and of the Son , and of the Holy Spirit . amen . the pope and the cardinal , at a distance , bless themselves ... bergoglio now look very burden by the truth as the pope rise to he foot - ratzinger : you have lift a great burden from my shoulder . bergoglio : you have place a heavy one on mine . bergoglio open the door to leave but the sistine Chapel be pack with tourist . he quickly close the door again . bergoglio be there another route ? shall I call security ? ratzinger : I have be hide behind security for too long . they be my people . I be they Pope . for now . let 's go . bergoglio grin . open the door . they go out into the fray . int . sistine chapel ( 2012 ) - day ratzinger and bergoglio cross the crowded sistine Chapel . they try not to draw too much attention to themselves but it soon become clear that the Pope be in the place . people crowd around ratzinger , ask for he bless and for selfies . Roberto and the security be wait rush to rescue the Pope but bergoglio wave they away . bergoglio look . he 's happy . let he enjoy the moment . 108 bergoglio step back , watch and smile at the fuss and the grace with which ratzinger try to deal with it . a barrage of cellphone point at ratzinger , most of they with flash on . guard nessuna foto , per favore ... when ratzinger finally get free he walk with bergoglio . ext . vatican forecourt ( 2012 ) - day bergoglio be carry he bag to a car , where sit the same driver we see earlier . ratzinger ( beat ) you will be pleased to go home I expect ? bergoglio speak English be exhaust . ratzinger ( nod ) terrible language -- so many exception to every rule . remember cardinal - ( point to himself ) '' silence incarnate '' . he look up at the building . ratzinger : you know the story of St. Francis ? how when he hear God ask he to restore he church , he think he mean brick and mortar ? remember poor St. Francis . remember even he be wrong sometimes . bergoglio go in for a hug . once again it 's a bit awkward - ratzinger be not use to be hugge - but this time at least they be both go for the same thing . they end up in a slightly odd embrace . bergoglio : you know Francis love to dance . he would have learn to tango . ratzinger : too late for I . 109 bergoglio : easier than you think . look . ratzinger nein , nein . no , no , no , no . bergoglio : I will lead . my right leg , you leave . bergoglio then proceed to do the first tango step with the Pope . angle on : the swiss guard . try not to watch as -— - bergoglio try to lead the pope in a dance ... accompany the effort by quietly sing a tango ... the Pope be a lousy dancer . they finally stop and laugh , as the pope wave to roberto , who approach with a farewell gift ... bergoglio go to the wait car . the same driver as last time . he greet the driver warmly . the driver open the front door . smile . bergoglio enter the car watch and admire , as the pope go back inside . int . apostolic palace ( 2013 ) - day a routine canonization service . 60 elderly bishop and cardinal be half asleep while ratzinger read from a prepare speech . ratzinger : dear Brothers , I have convoke you to this ratzinger : fratres carissimi , non solum propter tre consistory , not only for the three canonization , but also to communicate to you a decision of great importance for the life of the Church . after have repeatedly examine my conscience before God , I have come to the certainty that my strength , due to a advanced age , be no longer suite to a adequate exercise of the petrine ministry . canonizatione ad hoc consistorium vos convocavi , sed etiam ut vobis decisionem magni momenti pro ecclesiae vita communicem . conscientia meat iterum atque iterum coram deo explorata ad cognitionem certam perveni vire meas ingravescente aetate non iam aptas esse ad munus petrinum aeque administrandum . pick up on a cardinal mutter a translation to another cardinal . 110 bishop : wait . this can not be right . Excuse I ... he look at the next cardinal . cardinal : Excuse I do I hear correctly ? do I translate this right ? the Pope keep talk . ratzinger : for this reason , and well aware of the seriousness of this act , with full freedom I declare that I renounce the ministry of Bishop of Rome , successor of Saint Peter , entrust to I by the Cardinals on 19 April 2005 , in such a way , that as from 28 February 2013 , at 20:00 hour , the see of Rome , the see of Saint Peter , will be vacant and a conclave to elect the new Supreme pontiff will have to be convoke by that whose competence it be . bishop : aspetti . mi devo essere sbagliato . mi scusi ... cardinale : mi scusi mar ho sentito be ? Ho tradotto be ? ratzinger : quapropter be conscius ponderis huius actus plena libertate declaro I ministerio episcopi romae , successoris sancti petri , mihi per manus cardinalium die decima nona aprilis anni bis millesimi quinti commissum renuntiare ita ut a die vigesima octava februarii anni bis millesimi decimi tertii , hora vigesima , sede romae , sede sancti petri vacet et conclave ad eligendum novum summum pontificem ab he quibus competit convocandum esse . like a autumn breeze blow up dead leave , the Pope 's word disturb rank upon rank of elderly cleric one by one . CUT to : int . cathedral kitchen ( 2013 ) - day bergoglio be in the kitchen with lisabetta watch ewin or similar while prepare a meal . he 's laugh . lisabetta be seat , be serve . this be in Spanish but the tv be in English . lisabetta : lisabetta : you be request to give a lo invitan a dar un discurso - - speech at ... what ? what be - qué pasa ? De qué se rie ? you laugh at . 111 bergoglio : he do it in Latin ! he always make difficult announcement in Latin so that only a few of the cardinal will understand ... bergoglio ilo dijo en latin ! siempre que tiene que decir algo embromado lo dice en latin ... y asi sd6lo lo entienden uno poco cardenale ... lisabetta still do not know what 's go on . on ewtn the commentator have suddenly flip into panic mode . commentator : it seem that the Pope have just make a extraordinary announcement . we be wait for a translation . bergoglio : ( to lisabetta ) he just resign . lisabetta : he what ? comentarista : it seem that the Pope have just make a extraordinary announcement . we be wait for a translation . bergoglio : ( a lisabetta ) El papa acaba de renunciar . lisabetta : équé?i!! commentator : we apologise for the delay in the translation . it 's because no one have have to use this word in this context for a thousand year . the Pope have renounced the papacy . we be witness a papal renunciation . off she astonishment we ext . vatican - day CUT to : the College of Cardinals arrive for the conclave , just as at the beginning of the film . lot of journalist take photograph . in the front of shot , a bus pull up and bergoglio get off and walk in unnotice by the press . ext . ST . peter' square - day that tin pot chimney again - smokeless at the moment . 112 int . sistine chapel - day the cardinal file up to the chalice to cast they vote . angle on : a reluctant - look bergoglio , sit there , look very weigh down , daze , fearful of election . beside he sit the archbishop humme , a old friend , who pat bergoglio on the leg . bergoglio would like to smile but can not . the first two scrutineer read the ballot silently and mark they on a tally ... and then pass the ballot to - the third scrutineer , who call out the name . third scrutineer bergoglio ! ( next ballot ) bergoglio ! ( next ballot ) bergoglio ! ( and so on ... ) applause break out - spontaneous applause from the Cardinals ! - everyone have be keep count . everyone know he 's win . third scrutineer bergoglio ! ( next ballot ) bergoglio ! ( and so on ... ) angle on : bergoglio , as he open he eye . he look at all the happy face look at he , applaud . some rise to they foot . one or two cheer . he stand up . bergoglio : May God forgive you all for this . beside he , humme be grin , and applaud too . they hug . humme : no se olvide de los pobre . ext . ST peter 's square - night come in on the tin- pot chimney . White smoke begin to spill from it . the square be fill with umbrella , it 's a rainy night . the crowd strain its eye - raise binocular - it 's white ! 113 vatican watcher : smoke ! smoke ! it 's white ! we hear the hubbub , outside , of the vast crowd . guarding the door to the balcony be two swiss guard . three set of papal robe , of three different size , and five set of red shoe , await the new Pope . enter , the protodeacon ( cardinal Jean Louis tauran ) ... ... the guard open the door to the famous balcony , and tauran step outside - to a huge roar ( off ) before the door be close again . we thereafter hear he speech ( off - stage ) ... tauran : fratelli e sorelle carissimi ( the italian roar ) queridisimos hermanos y hermanas . ( the hispanic contingent roar ) Bien cher fréres et seur . ( the french roar ) liebe briieder und schwestern ( a german roar ) dear brother and sister tauran : ( cont 'd ) annuntio vobis gaudium magnum : habemus ... papam ! enter bergoglio , the new pope francis ( wear the scarlet robe of a cardinal ) .... with a nun and the camerlengo .... he remove he scarlet robe , stripping down to a simple white cassock with a silk sash . he look at the three sets of red velvet robe , with ermine collar . but instead of choose , he turn to the nun . bergoglio bergoglio do you have a phone ? C 's 's un telefono ? she look amaze . bergoglio ( cont 'd ) bergoglio ( cont 'd ) I would like to call the pope. vorrei chiamare il papa . papa Pope benedict . benedetto . she dial for he . 114 int - mater ecclesiae ( 2013 ) - night telephone ring in mater ecclesiae but nobody be around to pick up . ratzinger be watch the announcement on tv . his staff , two nun and a priest , be with he in the room . none of they hear the phone . on the tv we see ... ext - saint peter 's square ( 2013 ) - night . on the balcony ... tauran : tauran : the Lord jorge mario , eminentissimum ac cardinal bergoglio , who have reverendissimum dominum , take the name Francis . dominum georgium marium , sanctae romanae ecclesiae cardinalem bergoglio , qui sibi nomen imposuit franciscum . int . vatican - chamber of tear ( 2013 ) - night a great roar from the crowd as the vatican bell ring out ... bergoglio ( pope francis ) be still look at the robe and the ring . nun nobody answer , Holy Father . camerlengo you must choose , Holy Father . bergoglio : I will wear what I be wear . thank you . camerlengo but - bergoglio : please . thank you . camerlengo and the shoe ? at least the red shoe ! they be part of a tradition go back to ... he will wear what he be wear already ... simple black shoe . 115 bergoglio : my own be fine . thank you . then he be offer the scarlet steal . bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) no . thank you . the carnival be over . he look around the room of tear . he close he eye . for a second he see , in he mind 's eye , ratzinger smile at he say the line about Francis be always happy . he open he eye and shake this thought off . bergoglio : ( cont 'd ) if there have to be tear , let 's make they tear of joy . he go through to the balcony . ext . balcony / vatican ( 2013 ) - night he wave to the crowd , to a huge cheer . bergoglio : buona Sera . int . room next to balcony / vatican ( 2013 ) - night the camerlengo react with surprise at this break with tradition ... camerlengo ( whisper , to the nun ) buona Sera ? ext . balcony / vatican ( 2013 ) - night bergoglio : bergoglio : good evening . you all know buonasera . voi sapete che il that the duty of the conclave dovere del conclave era di be to give a bishop to Rome . dare un vescovo a roma . it seem that my brother sembra che i miei fratelli Cardinals go almost to the cardinali siano andati a end of the Earth to find one - prenderlo quasi alla fine del - but here we be . mondo -- mar , siamo qui ... 116 reaction crowd , emotional , amuse , in thrall ( in stark contrast to how they react to benedict 's latin address . ) bergoglio : above all , I have like to make a prayer now for we Bishop emeritus benedict XVI . let 's pray together for he ... pater nostro qui est en ciello .. bergoglio : prima di tutto , vorrei fare una preghiera per il nostro vescovo emerito benedetto XVI . preghiamo tutti insieme per lui ... padre nostro che sei nei cieli ... int . tv room / mater ecclesiae / vatican ( 2013 ) - night benedict watch the ceremony in he room . it 's a emotional moment for he . he know this be also a personal message for he . ext . vatican balcony ( 2013 ) - night bergoglio be address the crowd in italian . bergoglio : and now let we begin this journey , this journey together , a journey of brotherhood in love , of mutual trust . ( pause ) before the bishop bless the people , I ask that you would pray to the Lord -- to bless I bergoglio : ++. E adesso incominciamo questo cammino , questo cammino insieme , un cammino di fratellanza , d’amore , di fiducia fra noi . ( pausa ) +.. prima che il vescovo benedica il popolo , vi chiedo , che voi , preghiate al signore affinche’ benedica I ... in another break with tradition , he bend to touch he head on the balcony . the great crowd fall completely silent ! int . flat in buenos aire ( 2013 ) - day lisabetta be watch this event on tv . she start to cry . her husband come in . husband : you ok ? lisabetta : yes . of course . I just feel so bad for he . he 'il never have he life back . he 'il never come home again . marido : é qué pas6 ? é estad bien ? lisabetta : Si ... si ... estoy bien ... sd6 lo I siento triste por él ... acaba de perder la vida que tenia . nunca ms va a volver a casa . 117 ext . - villa 21 ( 2013 ) - day in a community centre in villa 21 people gather around padre pepe watch the same image on a tv . int . room next to the balcony . / vatican ( 2013 ) - night the nun , camerlengo and the protodeacon - tauran - all bow deeply . bergoglio : where be all the other cardinal ? nun it 's the custom to leave you alone , holiness . bergoglio : I do not want to be alone . I want company . how be I get home ? camerlengo you be home , Holy Father . bergoglio : I would like to spend the night in my old room . with my brother Cardinals . camerlengo I shall arrange the limousine . bergoglio : no , no , no , no . I will go with the other Cardinals . camerlengo in -- in the ...? bergoglio : the mini-van . you can say it . the mini-van . camerlengo the mini-van . bergoglio : there ! it do not hurt you . 118 int - minivan ( 2013 ) - night bergoglio dress in white be in the mini-van with other cardinal . int . ST. marta ( 2013 ) - day bergoglio be on the phone . he 's make the call with which the film open . we hear the robotic voice on the other end of the line . voice : do you know that you can book any flight on the skytour website . we discount price be internet only ... bergoglio : ( v.o. ) oh good evening I ...oh . he 's mistaken this last for a human voice but ... voice : ( v.o. ) .-- if you still wish to speak to a operator please press one ... another beep . voice : ( v.o. ) good evening welcome to the skytour sale desk ... bergoglio : ( v.o. ) ah. yes . I be look for a flight from Rome to lampedusa . yes I know I could book it on the internet . I have only just move here . voice : name ? bergoglio : bergoglio . jorge bergoglio . voice : like the Pope . bergoglio : well ... yes ... in fact . voice : postcode ? 119 bergoglio : vatican city . there 's a long pause . voice : very funny . the line go dead . int . ST. marta corridor ( 2013 ) - day bergoglio open he bedroom door and be amaze to find a swiss Guard stand outside . bergoglio : Excuse I . the guard do not speak . bergoglio : ( cont ’d ) be you suppose to stand there all night ? swiss guard 2 : yes , Holy Father . bergoglio : do you know how to get the wifi in here ? I need to book a flight and apparently it can only be do online . I would be really grateful if you could help ... the Guard take he cell phone from he pocket ... swiss guard 2 : of course , Holy Father ... where to ? bergoglio : lampedusa swiss guard 2 : how many seat ? bergoglio just I . swiss guard 2 : would they let you go alone , Holy father ? 120 archive footage bergoglio arrive in lampedusa on a boat follow by 40 other boat ! there 's a huge crowd wait for he . ext . lampedusa 8th JULY 2013 - day bergoglio - Pope Francis - preaching and teach among the refugee on the island of lampedusa . footage of lampedusa . bergoglio go up the stair inside the vatican follow by 14 refugee . bergoglio show the refugee the sistine Chapel . bergoglio have lunch with lot of refugee . int . santa marta ( 2014 ) - day pass through the dining room bergoglio catch a familiar smell . he spot a tray of media-lunas . he ask the server who be behind the counter ... bergoglio media-lunas ? we have this all the time back home . can I take they ? server : how many Holy Father ? bergoglio in 1l take they all . I ’1l1 take they to brother benedict . ext . mater ecclesiae / vatican ( 2014 ) - day establisher of the former convent in the south - west corner of the vatican City . int . mater ecclesiae / vatican ( 2014 ) - day caption : summer , 2014 benedict at he desk , he begin to write - he 's work on a new huge theological book . a knock on the door . enter pope francis - wear he san lorenzo football scarf , carry the tray with media-lunas . 121 bergoglio : sorry to disturb you . I just think you have like to try this . ratzinger try one . bergoglio : media luna . they be the classic argentinian treat . what do you think ? ratzinger nod as he finish it . ratzinger how be you , Holy Father ? bergoglio : adjusting , Holy Father . what be you write ? ratzinger replying to a journalist who believe God be nonsense , and belief in God the source of all evil . he have write I 30 intelligent question . he would like to publish my reply . do I have you permission ? pope francis raise a eye-brow : bergoglio '' silence incarnate '' ? benedict shrug . the two man smile . ext . vatican garden / grotto of our lady of lourd ( 2014 ) - sunset the two pope walk in the garden , swapping trade secret . we hear some of they conversation while they walk away . ratzinger : you be now under great pressure . how be you cope ? bergoglio : I can not relax , Holy Father , until I know the outcome ... 122 int . tv room / mater ecclesiae / vatican ( 2014 ) - night a slice of pizza be take from a cardboard box place on a coffee table . there 's also a couple of bottle of beer . the two pope sit before the tv . bergoglio be once more wear he football scarf . be the World Cup final between Germany and Argentina ! bergoglio and ratzinger sing they national anthem along with they team . footage of the game ... 0 - 0 , scoreless . miss shot on goal . the german player , sweinsteiger , have a head knock and he face be cover in blood . bergoglio seem quite pleased with the injury to the dangerous sweinsteiger . when ratzinger look to bergoglio to denounce the violence , bergoglio shrug '' that 's football . '' ratzinger take a increase interest in the game ... and bergoglio start to become a little annoyed by the unexpected enthusiasm . the game end . 0 - 0. ratzinger : so - it be over . we both win . bergoglio : no , no , no , no , no . now we have extra time . I can not bear this . tension be now high in the room , and both pope be fully engage in the result ... in slow-motion as the ball be pass to mario gotze - who take the ball on he chest , then flip it over the keeper into the goal . germany 1 - argentina 0 while bergoglio 's world come crash down - ratzinger become super-animated , even fist - pumping in celebration , much to Francis 's chagrin , who try but fail to smile . in the excitement , bergoglio almost topple the coffee table . ratzinger , as a precaution , extinguish the SMALL candle that sit there . close on : the smoke from the extinguished candle , rise up , up , up , heavenward , in a fine black trail . end 123