dreamwork the girl on the train by Erin cressida Wilson adapted from the novel by Paula hawkins int. / ext . train , ardsley-on -hudson , new york - morning we hear a train 's mournful clatter as tree flash by and then the train itself pass in a silvery streak . a woman draw a '' x '' on she foggy window -- look out through it directly at we : this be rachel and she be the girl on the train . rachel ( soft v.o. ) ..- my husband use to tell I I have a overactive imagination . I can not help it . I mean , have not you ever be on a train and wonder about the life of the people who live near the track ? the life you have never live . rachel 's Pov : out the window : a series of backyard slowly pass : a man walk towards he front yard . a older man work on a vintage car in he yard . child slide down playground equipment . a lone boy throw a ball . his dog chase after it . CUT to : title : rachel rachel ( v.o. ) this be thing I want to know . Rachel sit alone , sketching in a small notebook . close on : Rachel 's expectant eye as the train begin to slow . rachel ( v.o. ) «+ . twice a day I sit in the third car from the front where I have the perfect view into my favorite house : number 15 beckett Road ... rachel 's Pov : stand on the upstairs deck of a house , a gorgeous blonde , megan , wear a light open robe with only white underwear and bra underneath . she stretch she back like a cat . her curve silhouette be intoxicating . the train come to a brief stop at the station and , outside the other window , Rachel can see work crew fix the track . and beyond they , the Hudson River . ( continued ) continued : rachel ( v.o. ) ... I do not know when exactly . I suppose I start notice she about a year ago and , gradually , as the month go past , she become important to I ... as the train creep forward rachel spot -- a blue house with a white picket fence ... .-- she quickly avert she eye from the view of the house -- repress a inner pain . focus on she sketch book . Rachel 's eye land on a man in a suit , red hair , 50 , pasty and plain -- type on a laptop . he look up at Rachel . there be something disconcert about the exchange . rachel ( v.o. ) I be not the girl I use to be . I think people can see it on my face . int . train - night Rachel 's profile have flip : she now ride in the opposite direction , on the evening train . she watch the familiar house glide past . rachel 's Pov : this evening , megan sit with she equally beautiful husband , scott next to a backyard fire pit . each hold a glass of wine . the roaring fire glow on they face as they watch the pass train . scott spin megan around and begin to kiss she . rachel ( v.o. ) she 's what I lose . she 's everything I want to be ... Rachel return to she sketchbook . int . train - next morning headed back to New York , Rachel Pov : Rachel stare at the burnt out fire pit behind 15 beckett Road . megan be on the balcony in she robe while Scott rake leave . close on : Scott as he look up from rake and seem to look directly at Rachel . int . grand central terminal - morning Rachel 's train arrive and she wade through a sea of commuter in the Grand Hall . she wear a plain dress and carry a work satchel . station announcer ( 0.s. ) ... now depart track nineteen , upper level . int . grand central terminal - moment later Rachel sit in a row of chair get she shoe shine . she 's the only woman among eight male customer . Rachel sketches in she sketch book and sip from a squirt bottle . rachel ( v.o. ) ... I imagine she 's a painter ... she 's creative . close on sketch pad : we see Rachel 's hand at work as she produce a beautiful image of megan and Scott . rachel ( v.o. ) he 's a doctor or a architect . int . grand central - oyster bar - later that day - happy hour Rachel sit at the counter continue to draw in she sketch book . the restaurant be bustling with tourist and local . rachel ( v.o. ) he have a good laugh . she can not cook . waitress ( to customer ) do you need anything else right now ? customer no . I think we be pretty good , thanks . Rachel be lose in she imagination . all sound of the bustling bar fade away . Rachel eat a olive from she martini . rachel ( v.o . ) I wonder what they say to each other before they go to sleep . ext . CITY - night the cityscape slowly spin below we as we find the train on the track . int . train - night Rachel 's profile have flip again : she ride the evening train and watch as she pass the urban landscape of harlem . rachel ( v.o . ) today she name be '' jess , '' tomorrow it could be '' Lisa '' or '' amber . '' it all depend on the day , it depend on my mood . later that night , as the train slow , Rachel near the blue house ( 23 beckett Road ) . she look to she lap , let it pass . she raise she head and look at number 15 beckett Road . ..- now , megan and Scott can be see kissing through the window of they house . rachel the truth be , I do not know she name . I do not know if she paint or whether he have a good laugh . I just know they know love ... rachel's Pov : megan and Scott begin to make love . rachel ( v.o . ) sometimes I catch myself try to remember the last time I have meaningful contact with another person ... Rachel stay on the couple then a irresistible urge pull she gaze back to the blue house two door down . this time , when the Blue House ( 23 beckett Road ) appear , Rachel refuse to turn she gaze away . rachel 's Pov : the upstairs window of the Blue House . in it , Rachel see herself ! stand in the window in the light of day . rachel ( v.o . ) I use to live two door down ... number 13 beckett Road . it be my first home . we buy it together . it be ours . rachel 's memory : Rachel , in the Blue House , turn from the window to come face to face with a handsome man , tom . they smile and laugh as Rachel grab he . he kiss she passionately as they enjoy they empty , newly - purchased home . back on the train : Rachel blink : she be still look at the blue house . rachel ( v.o. ) every day , I tell myself not to look . rachel 's Pov : now , in reality , a woman , anna , stand in the window hold a baby , evie . rachel ( v.o. ) but then I look ... Rachel watch as Anna become a tiny dot that vanish in the distance . woman ( 0.s. ) be you alone ? Rachel look up to see a woman hold a one - year - old little boy . and now the moment of truth for Rachel : rachel ( polite ) yeah . she pat the seat next to she and take she bag from it . rachel no , come . it 's all yours . Rachel smile at the child . rachel you baby 's so cute . ( to boy ) hi , baby . woman thank you . rachel be it ... be it a boy ? woman yeah . ( continued ) continued : rachel so sweet . how ...how old be he ? woman six month . rachel six month . Rachel softly squeeze the boy 's hand and giggle . the woman begin to pick up on Rachel 's slur speech and notice two little empty vodka bottle at the mouth of Rachel 's purse . rachel so sweet . Rachel realize the woman know she be drunk . the woman reposition she child away from Rachel . close on : Rachel 's eye , bleary , blink in slow motion . Rachel , now seat alone , drink from she squirt bottle . CUT to : title : megan int . pilate studio - morning a live portrait : megan , the woman Rachel watch from the train -- up close and drop-dead gorgeous . overhead shot : megan lie face up on a pilates machine . she grip the hand strap , and with precision and grace , she begin a series of exercise , stretch she body like a ballerina 's . megan ( pre-lap ) a teacher once tell I I be a mistress of self-reinvention ... we widen to see she be line up with ten other suburban woman . with both admiration and defeat , a frustrate woman observe megan 's flexibility and strength . megan ( pre-lap ) ...- I be not really sure what it mean at the time . but since move here I have come to understand it ... CUT to : ( continued ) continued : title : 6 month ago ext . pilate studio - morning on the sidewalk , the woman from class have congregate , all chat happily , occasionally cut look towards megan , who take no notice as she start to jog away . we see she run down we quaint ardsley Village street . megan ( pre-lap ) ardsley -on-hudson be boring and routine . it 's a fuck baby factory . ext . underpass / beckett road - later megan jog into a long dark underpass link the outside world to beckett . megan ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) I want to start my life over again . so far , I have be : rebellious teenager , lover , waitress ... ext . beckett road - morning megan continue down beckett Road and jog up she driveway . int . megan 's house - later that morning megan stand in front of a open closet . her ivory hand dart between silk blouse and skirt . megan ( v.o. ) .-- gallery director , nanny , and ... a whore ... ( a moment ) and not necessarily in that order . Scott approach , slide he hand down megan 's side , then up she skirt to remove she panty . they begin to have sex against the open closet . megan ( pre-lap ) I can not just be a wife anymore . she be disconnect , disinterested . Scott do not notice . megan ( pre-lap ) that 's why I stay awake at night , stare at the ceiling . int . dr . abdic 's office - day close on : megan 's face as she talk to someone : megan ... in fact , the only time I feel like myself be when I be run . dr . abdic ( 0.s. ) you always feel that way ? megan maybe since I be about seventeen . with Mac . dr . abdic ( 0.s. ) Mac ? who 's Mac ? megan my brother 's best friend . my brother who die ... we finally see the extremely handsome , dark - haire man who sit across from megan . this be dr . kamal abdic . he 's foreign with a quiet command . she have be speak to he the whole time . she smile . she cover she mouth with she hand . megan I tend to smile when I be nervous . sometimes , I laugh . she move from she chair to a couch across the room . a moment pass . finally , the Doctor 's invite silence elicit megan 's confession : megan for a year , Mac and I live in this hunt cabin . we start fuck . we be the saddest people we know . but in a way , that cabin make we happy . no one could find we . ( a moment ) everyone think we be dead . dr . abdic and if you be to run away today , right now , where would you go ? megan glance outside , where she can see the train pass . the Doctor notice . megan move again , to sit much closer to he . ( continued ) continued : megan I read once that when a train hit , it can rip the clothes right off of you . after a moment : megan I be pretty sure Scott think the nanny job be gonna make I less restless -- make I wanna get pregnant ... dr . abdic and that 's not the case ? megan when I finish work every night , I run home , and I get in the shower and wash the smell of that baby off I as fast as I can . megan stare at abdic . he wait for she to continue , but she just look at he with great intensity . pre - lap : a gentle lullaby , and the sound of splash water . a baby 's giggle . CUT to : title : anna CUT to : title : today int . tom and anna 's house - bathroom - dusk a live portrait : anna , pure and sweet , with dimple for day , look down into the camera with absolute love . anna ... when you wake up this morning I go and I bring you back to bed with I ... Anna kneel on the tile floor , lean over the bathtub , gently wash she baby , evie . anna ...- and when I be feed you . we hear daddy sing from the kitchen , do not we ? ( sung to she baby ) '' happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday dear Anna , happy birthday to you ! '' ( continued ) 10 . continued : megan , she nanny , step out of the dark shadow , hold a towel for Anna to place she baby into . anna daddy come upstairs with a beautiful breakfast that he make for mommy , do not he ? yes he do . ( notice megan ) thank you , megan . Anna place she baby into megan 's arm . anna there you go . int . tom and anna 's bedroom - moment later megan hand the swaddle baby to Anna who now lay in she bed . Anna sit evie on she stomach . anna ( to evie ) oh , hello . Anna laugh as she tickle evie and turn to megan . anna I swear I sometimes feel like my heart be gonna explode . I mean , look at she . ( laugh ) look at she ! the phone ring . megan go to answer it . anna ( to evie , playful ) you be not sleep ! you be not sleep ... megan ( 0.s. ) ( on phone ) hello ? hello ? anita 's interest be pique . she take evie into the -- int . hallway - continuous she find megan on the hallway phone . megan hello ...? megan push the end button on the phone . Anna step into the hall . ( continued ) 11 . continued : anna be that another hang -up ? megan ... mm-hmm . Anna , visibly shake , try not to get upset . int . family room - moment later Anna have megan help she fold a fitte sheet . anna .».. and grab the corner . and straighten . megan I get another job . Anna be blindside . anna +.. you what ? megan I be really sorry , Anna . anna ( confuse ) I think you be happy here . I mean , you seem happy here ... megan I be . it 's just this be not what I '' do . '' anna ... take care of child ...? megan drop the fold sheet onto a pile . megan or laundry . ( beat ) another gallery head-hunted I . anna ( try to be positive ) ... that 's great . megan the thing be , it start tomorrow . ( continued ) 12 . continued : anna I be out all day tomorrow . that be so uncool . megan I hate to leave you like this , without childcare , but ... you do not have a job . Anna turn away , insulted . megan ok , that sound wrong . I know that you be busy volunteering ... anna it 's not the volunteering . it 's all the shopping , it 's spend hour in the farmer 's market , it 's find the right food for she , it 's puree sweet potato . and I do all of this at the same time as I be nursing . megan look at Anna carefully . Anna be exhaust . megan maybe you should go back to work , too . mother need to work , it 's actually better for the kid ... anna how would you know ? that be a low blow . megan absorb it , hurt , then gently put she set of key down on the counter . megan you key . anna there be no job more important than raise a child ... megan head out of the kitchen towards the front door . anna ( defeat ) megan , please ... megan exit without turn . 13. int . family room - later Anna stir from a nap on the couch to the sound of evie cry ... come from outside . she race to the open front door in a panic . ext . tom and anna 's house - moment later Anna emerge from the house , frighten , and rush forward . anna Rachel ? what be you do ? give I my baby . we see Rachel stand in the middle of the yard , cradling evie . anna Rachel , what be you do ?! int . tom and anna 's house - moment later Close on Anna , relive what we realize be a memory . tom ( 0.s. ) hello ? Tom enter . we recognize he as the man from Rachel 's memory on the train . he hand Anna some flower and grocery and kiss she sweetly on the lip . anna ( be : flower ) thank you ... beautiful . she notice that he 's on he phone . anna how many time have she texted you today ? tom ( frustrated ) I do not know . anna ( unable to relax ) she call the landline three time . tom wow . ( continued ) 14 . continued : anna you have to have a talk with she . tom I know . anna it 's get crazy . tom I will . I know I know I know . anna okay . Tom cup Anna 's face gently in he hand . tom it 's go to be fine . be not it always fine ? do not I always make everything fine ?... Anna will not smile . he playfully poke at she lip until she laugh . they kiss . tom who give a shit ? it 's you birthday . you sure you do not want I to take you out tonight ? anna no , I like it at home . he open a beer and set the magnetic corkscrew / bottle opener on the fridge door before hopping onto the counter . tom call megan . ask she to come back . anna she just quit . tom she what ? anna .-- she just tell I she get another job . tom ... shame . I think you guy be kind of a good team together ... anna so do i. 15 . ext . train - same night the car of the train slowly pass -- the glow of the window lighting up the commuter in they seat . and here be Rachel -- look out . int . anna 's family room - same night the camera hover outside the window , look in at Anna who eat a candlelit takeout birthday dinner with Tom and evie . Tom pull out he phone and snap a picture . int . megan 's bathroom - same night megan stand at the plate glass window that line she shower stall . she look out at the moonlight that cast itself across the Hudson River . Water beat down on she . ext . rachel 's STREET - same night exiting the train station , Rachel walk towards she home , wide eye sighing as they take in the bleak croton landscape . int . anna 's bedroom - same night overhead wide shot : Anna and Tom be in bed . Tom be sound asleep , but Anna be wide -awake . int . megan 's bathroom - same night the camera float behind megan as a naked Scott step into the stall and kiss she . ext . rachel 's STREET - same night Rachel enter a liquor store . int . megan 's bathroom - same night Scott have megan press against the glass shower door as he have sex with she from behind . int . rachel 's bedroom - same night Rachel sit in bed . she find tom 's facebook page on she laptop . she stare at the photo Tom take earlier that night of he and Anna lay next to evie . the caption read : i've never known love like this ! I and my girl ! happy birthday , momma ! 16 . int . anna 's bedroom - same night Tom 's phone buzze . Anna sit up in bed and can see the caller id read : '' rachel '' . she angrily shove the phone off the dresser and slump back into bed . int . rachel 's apartment - same night close on : a cellphone sit on the counter , dial on speaker . Rachel pour a glass of white wine . very drunk . Tom 's voicemail pick up : tom ( outgo message ) hey , it 's Tom . sorry I miss you . I will get right back to ya ! rachel ( into phone ) hey , Tom , it 's I . I just want to wish momma a happy birthday . " happy birthday , momma - - '' cathy , Rachel 's roommate , appear , grab Rachel 's phone and press end . cathy Rachel ! Jesus ... Cathy pour the wine down the sink . Rachel grab at the bottle . rachel no no no . no , do not , Cathy . please stop it ! Cathy , come on ! but Cathy easily fend she off . cathy relax , relax . unsteady , Rachel nod and soften . rachel I just need something to go to sleep . I just need a little bit to go to sleep . Cathy gently guide Rachel towards she room . cathy what bring this on ? ( continued ) 17 . continued : rachel he post another picture of the baby . it be a cute picture . cathy yeah ? Facebook and drunk ex - wife do not make good friend . offended by the implication , Rachel pull away from Cathy . rachel I get it . I get it . cathy alright . i’1l just get you to you room . they have arrive at Rachel 's room . int . rachel 's bedroom - continuous Rachel crawl into the bed look around she small room . cathy Rachel , you have to stop call they . okay ? Rachel nod . she reach up to pull Cathy to sit beside she . rachel I really appreciate this room . I do . I think that I would just be here for a couple of week or a month . cathy ( abrupt ) yeah . that be two year ago . but she shake she head and smile . cathy get some sleep . Cathy switch off the light and leave . Rachel look at she phone . insert : Rachel 's outgo call log screen read : tom ( 11 ) . Rachel look over the time : 11:02 , 11:12 , 11:54 , 12:09 . she let out a sigh . int . doctor 's office - day - rachel 's memory Rachel and Tom sit in a doctor 's office , distraught . ( continued ) 18 . continued : doctor ivf rarely work the first time . would you like a moment ? Tom take Rachel 's hand . tom it 's okay , sweetie . we be gonna try again . rachel we can not afford to do it again . tom well , when we can , we will . she rest she head on he shoulder . he kiss it . int . rachel 's bedroom - continuous Rachel stir in she bad and a new memory intrude . ext . scott and megan 's house - night Rachel remember Scott and megan snuggling outside by they fire pit , kissing . int . rachel 's bedroom - continuous Rachel finally sleep . ext . train track - morning the train surge by along the track . int . train - next morning Rachel ride the train as it barrel past home and building . Rachel reach into she purse and pull out a tube of lipstick . she bring it to she lip , but quickly realize that she can not steady she hand enough to put it on . so , almost by rote , she put it away . Rachel catch eye with the man in the suit . the man shake he head in judgement and raise a magazine to he face . ext . train track - continuous from high above , the train crawl along the riverside . 19 . int . train - continuous rachel 's Pov out the window : Rachel see megan alone on she porch , look out at the train ... rachel ( v.o. ) I wonder what she 's look at ... or if she even see this train at all . ..- Rachel give a little smile . a moment of reprieve from she troubled mind ... now , something peculiar happens ... ...a dark -haired man step onto the porch , and embrace megan . close on : Rachel blink . the train stop at the station , allow Rachel a closer look . the Dark - haire man 's face be obscure in the shadow , but it be not scott ... rachel ( v.o. ) who be that man ? and then they kiss . the train begin move again and Rachel quickly jump to she foot ... conductor ( 0.s. ) the next station be : ardsley - on - Hudson . ...- Rachel push she way up the aisle , block by a few people who have just board the train . with every few step Rachel take , she manage to see another sliver of the view of megan and the dark-haire man . Rachel enter the next car , run to keep she view as the train depart . boom ! another train barrel by in the opposite direction , totally obscure Rachel 's view . a familiar ache fill Rachel 's chest . she bend over , feel sick . rachel ( v.o. ) what be she do ? 20 . int . grand central terminal - moment later Rachel exit she train with score of other commuter , look numb . she 's bombard by image , fast cut of : - megan and the man kissing . we recognize he as Dr. abdic . - glimpsis of a laptop , display a email with the subject : xxxxxxxx back in grand central terminal : devastate , Rachel walk toward the Grand Hall . she pass the window of a liquor store . she slow . rachel ( v.o. ) she 's throw it all away . CUT to : int . grand central terminal - same day Rachel pour a bottle of vodka into she empty squirt bottle and throw the vodka bottle into the garbage . it shatter . ext . central park , untermyer fountain - same day Rachel sit before a beautiful bronze sculpture of three dance maiden hold hand and joyfully dance in a circle . nearby , a boy drum on a plastic bucket . Rachel sip from she squirt bottle . she flash to megan and abdic kissing ... then to she rest she head on Tom 's shoulder at the clinic . and then to the email . we get a cleaner view . it 's a chain between Tom and Anna . int . tom and anna 's house - day rachel 's memory : Rachel sit in front of a open laptop stare at the email as Tom 's voice read it . tom ( v.o. ) Anna , I fall asleep last night think of you . I dream about kissing the inside of you thigh . holding you breast . God , I wish I be fuck you right now . ( continued ) 21 . continued : Rachel slam the laptop close and hurl it against the bedroom wall . ext . central park , untermyer fountain - same day Anna walk alone , overcome by tear , try to banish the memory . tom ( v.o. ) Anna , I love you . I love you so much . rachel ( pre-lap ) when it happen to I , I find dozen of email . Tom tell she that he have never feel like this before . he say it would not be that much longer until they be together . int . oyster bar - grand central - later that day Rachel sit at the lunch counter drink a martini . she speak to another patron . a woman , 70 , who be drink alone as well . rachel I know what they say : '' you should not check he email . '' I be stupid . but when I see it be from the realtor I think that it be just spam . and then I realize that they be kiss not xs and my husband be fuck a century 21 agent . she laugh at the absurdity . woman that suck . rachel it do . her name be Anna boyd and he be in love with she . slam CUT to : int . oyster bar - bathroom close - on : Rachel run lipstick over a mirror , create a big xx xxx xx . she turn from the mirror where the woman be stand and watch she . Rachel raise she phone in front of they . ( continued ) 22 . continued : rachel ( drunk whisper to woman ) come here for one second . say " fuck you , Anna boyd " , but just yell it . the woman nod . Rachel turn on the phone 's video . together they shout into the camera . rachel / woman fuck you , Anna boyd ! Rachel set the phone down on the edge of the sink . the phone still recording video as she continue she rant . rachel that bitch be live in my house . I pick everything in that house . I pick everything . I pick the dining table , the kitchen table . I wonder if she know that I fuck Tom on the same table that she baby eat at . I just want to tell she . I wish I could tell she . I pick everything in that house . I fuck pick everything in that house ! Rachel turn back to the mirror . her energy have shift , there 's a anger rise within she . rachel ... I could never find the word to describe how I feel when I read that e-mail , but this morning , I do . I do . when I see that woman kissing someone else , betray she husband , I feel it . I feel ... pure . rage . slowly the camera push into Rachel 's naked face as the sound of the bar vanish . rachel ...- like something have be take from I again . if I could ... if I could , I have just go to she house . and I would go in and find she sit at the kitchen table . I have wrap my hand in she long blonde hair and jerk she head back . just jerk it back ! and then I have pull she down to the ground and I would just smash she head all over the floor ! Rachel smear the lipstick xs into oblivion in she rage . ( continued ) 23 . continued : hold . Rachel stand alone in the middle of the bathroom , nobody listen , in total silence . slam CUT to : int . train - later that day Rachel , she eye alive with a drunken mission , stand on a pack train , she body sway with the train 's rhythm . she suck down vodka from she squirt bottle . sixty school child dressed in uniform fill the car . rambunctious and loud , they noise consume the train . one young girl catch Rachel 's eye , regard she frankly . Rachel look around and it seem like everyone be stare at she . Rachel 's gaze careen out the window try to see into megan 's house . the image of megan kissing abdic flash in she vision over and over . the train slow to a stop . Rachel suddenly push she way through the crowd to get off the train , push through the kid and other commuter who block she way . rachel move ! get out of my way ! move ! Rachel run down the aisle and get off the train . ext . ardsley-on-hudson train station - continuous Rachel 's foot hit the platform and she stumble forward , oblivious to conversation go on around she . she quickly pick herself up and run down the side of the train as the engine scream past she . close on : Rachel 's face be pale . the man in the suit stare at Rachel from across the platform . she open she mouth to say something to he , but the word keep evaporate off she tongue . ext . underpass - moment later Rachel leave the station and look ahead through the arch of the underpass -- the dark tunnel . she be drive onward by the man , who seem to be follow she . she drunkenly cut off the road into the wood , but continue towards the underpass . something inexplicable pull she forward . ( continued ) 24 . continued : in a mad trance , Rachel hear the click-click -click of high heel , and see a blonde woman stride purposefully into the underpass . be it Anna ? rachel hey ! hey !!! she chase the woman into the dark underpass , see the woman 's red jacket move further away , and bellow out : rachel you whore ! she be suddenly swallow by the scream of blackness . int . rachel 's bedroom - same moment rachel '’s Pov : detail come slowly into focus . a empty vodka bottle . the overturn squirt bottle . Rachel 's hand , with dirt under the fingernails . her sweater , matte with blood at the shoulder . her phone , also fleck with blood . Rachel stir painfully and we see she hair matte with blood as well . she reach for the phone . a voicemail from Tom play over the speaker . tom ( on speaker phone ) Jesus Christ , Rachel ! what the hell be wrong with you ? I have spend the past hour drive around look for you ! you scared the shit out of Anna , do you know that ? close on : Rachel 's finger run across she scalp . she try to separate some of the bloody strand . tom ( on speaker phone ) she think you be go to ... she want to call the police . so just leave we alone ! Rachel sit up in bed . she look to the floor and see she open purse with its content strewn on the shag rug . blood droplet stain the rug next to she jeans and panty . tom ( on speaker phone ) you can ruin you own life if you want to , but you be not gonna destroy ours . I be not gonna protect you any more . ( continued ) 25 . continued : she catch a horrific sight in the mirror across the room . it 's a woman with large streak of dry blood smear down she face -- stare back at she ! Rachel realize that she be look at herself . smash CUT to : int . rachel 's bathroom - second later Rachel frantically wash the blood from she face . rachel oh my god ... close on : Rachel dig the dirt out from she fingernails . she look at herself in the mirror . with the blood go , she can see the bruise that mottle she arm and leg . knock . knock . knock ! cathy ( 0.s. ) Rachel , open the door . rachel Cathy , I just need a sec . cathy be you ok ? Rachel , open the door . Rachel abruptly open the door . rachel I have a stomach flu , okay ? cathy you do not have a flu . what the fuck , Rachel ? I be not stupid -- Cathy slam the door and return to the mirror . Cathy knock . cathy Rachel ! rachel Cathy , just go away ! int . rachel 's bathroom - same day the camera hover behind Rachel 's back as she sit naked on the edge of the bathtub , hold herself and watch the video of she drunken rant . ( continued ) 26 . continued : rachel ( on phone ) ... fuck you , Anna boyd ! rachel tries to remember — flash - the man in the suit race towards we . flash - Rachel scream out to the woman . rachel you whore ! flash - a blonde woman fall to a kitchen floor . flash - Rachel run through the underpass . flash - teens blow smoke into Rachel 's face . flash - Rachel lie halfway in a drainage ditch flow by the underpass . back in bathroom : Rachel slowly lower herself into the tub . int . train - day Close on Rachel during she morning commute , eye close , try to remember . int . kitchen - night memory : Rachel steal up behind a blonde woman sit at a kitchen island . suddenly , Rachel grab she hair and throw she to the floor . flash - a silhouette run through the underpass . int . train - day Rachel 's eye snap open , startle . she try to focus on she sketch book . she 's be draw the underpass . ext . CITY - day the train disappear into a tunnel under the city street . int . church of ST . luke 's , NYC - monday morning a group of about fifty people meet . Rachel be among they . david be the facilitator . ( continued ) continued : david ( 0.s . ) anyone count day one to ninety who would like to share a day count ? jason ( 0.s. ) hey , I be Jason , I be a alcoholic . group hey , Jason . / welcome , Jason . jason ( 0.s. ) I have get twenty - two day back . the group applaud warmly . moderator ( 0.s. ) anyone else ? Rachel reluctantly raise she hand . she stand . rachel hi , I be Rachel , and ... group welcome , Rachel . rachel this be day one , I suppose . I be here because I ... ( there 's no easy way to put this ) because I wake up this morning cover in blood . and I have bruise all over my arm and ... it 's usually from when I have fall and someone have help I up . my husband ... he use to tell I what I have do the night before ... and I learn that when you wake up like that , you just say you be sorry . you just say you be sorry for what you do and you be sorry for who you be and you be never gonna do it again . but you do . you do it again . Rachel swallow back tear . rachel and there 's ... time miss . I need to remember . I need to remember . Rachel sit back down . on she face as David move on . 27 . ( continued ) 28 . continued : david ( 0.s. ) okay . thank you , Rachel . int . grand central terminal platform / train - later that evening Rachel be in she seat . she notice a woman , martha , board with some female friend . they be laugh and gossipe . Rachel catch snippet . martha ... it be that homeless thing . I do not remember what it be call . friend oh , safe shelter ... that be a tube top , right ?... fluster , Rachel turn away in she seat before martha can see she . she remember ... rachel ( pre-lap ) do you like Devil 's egg , martha ? int . martha 's house - day rachel 's memory : Rachel be drunk at a barbecue , help martha arrange the food . Tom talk to he colleague in the background . martha note Rachel 's drunkenness , disapprove . martha devile egg ? yeah , I do . rachel devile egg . Rachel playfully , but clumsily , walk a plate of devile egg up to Tom and he colleague . rachel the classic . do you want to try one , anybody ? martha ( correct ) that go outside . ext . martha 's house - continuous Rachel put the egg down next to the dessert -- a little too hard . martha I do not want the egg with the -- ( continued ) 29 . continued : rachel it do not fuck matter where they go , okay ? so do you want to put they here ? she start toss individual egg around the table . rachel do you want they with you hot dog ? or you can put a couple with you quinoa if you want . or do you want to put they with you other salad and you corn , and a couple on the wall ! martha Rachel -- Rachel grab the whole ceramic platter of egg and shatter it against the wall ! martha gasp . tom Rachel ! come on . he grab Rachel and hustle she away from the party . rachel I be fine , tom. stop it ! you do not back I up . you never have my back . ext . STREET - continuous rachel 's memory : Tom escort Rachel by the arm towards Grand Central . Rachel can barely walk . she shrug he off and point accusingly . rachel you never have my back . tom that 's my boss 's wife . you probably get I fire back there . rachel I do not give a fuck . I be you wife . she shove he away , hard . rachel I be you wife and you never ... you never fuck support I -- Tom stagger back , but try to settle Rachel , take she by the arm . ( continued ) 30 . continued : tom Rachel , please stop . hey , come on . ( smile ) I need you to focus here . she slap he . CUT to : int . rachel and tom 's house - night rachel 's flash memory : Rachel , now in pajamas , charge at Tom with a golf club , she eye fill with fury . rachel do not fuck talk to I like that ! tom relax ! he duck . the club smashes into a mirror . Glass rain down . ext . croton -harmon station - same evening Rachel get off the train , deliberately walk past the liquor store . ext . rachel 's apartment - later that evening Rachel walk up the stair of she apartment . int . rachel 's live room - same evening Rachel enter the apartment . Cathy run to greet she . she 's surprisingly cheery . cathy Rachel , there you be . rachel Cathy , I be sorry . I need to get my shit together . I be ... Cathy raise a finger to she lip , indicate that Rachel need to be quiet . in the live room stand a female cop , detective riley , and she partner , detective gaskill , both stare back at Rachel . riley you must be Ms. Watson . I be detective riley . this be detective gaskill . we need to ask you a few question . ( continued ) 31 . continued : Rachel nod , unsure of what she 's just walk into . rachel what 's this about ? riley want to sit down ? Rachel sit , wary , as riley settles in across from she . riley can you tell I where you be Friday night ? a beat . Rachel , sweaty , search for a answer . rachel I be at work in the city . and then ... ( beat ) ... and then I go to visit my husband . riley you mean you ex -husband ? rachel ( try to keep she head together ) .»-- yes . so I get off the train at ardsley-on-hudson . but then I decide that it be a bad idea . riley around what time do you reach that conclusion ? unsure of what else to say , Rachel quickly come up with : rachel I be back here by 11:00 . Rachel catch Cathy 's eye . Cathy know Rachel be lie , but she back she . cathy yeah . yeah . riley on you way back here , do you stop anywhere ? rachel no . ( continued ) continued : Rachel , fli detective Rachel be 32 . riley and what time do you take the train there ? rachel ( panic to keep up ) um , 6:00 . riley so ... what do you do during that hour in ardsley if you be not see you ex-husband ? ustere , have no answer . the silence drag on . riley show Rachel a photo of megan . riley do you remember see this woman ? shocked to see the photo of megan . riley she work for you ex-husband . she 's go miss . rachel what do you mean she 's miss ? riley well , she husband say she never come back home the same night you get off the train in ardsley - on - Hudson . rachel I be just ... I be -- riley do you know megan hipwell ? rachel ( trap ) ... no . riley do you see she ? rachel ( rattle ) no . I do not think so . riley be that because you be inebriated ? ( continued ) 33 . continued : Rachel shake she head with little confidence . riley just to clarify , you say you be at work Friday ? be you refer to you job in Public Relations ? rachel ( weakly ) right . riley it 's my understanding you be fire from that job over a year ago because of you drink problem ? a long silence . gaskill nod to riley : let 's go . riley ok . that 's enough for now . Cathy follow the detective to the door . Rachel remain on the couch , she mind racing . riley if you be able to remember anything else , give we a call . Rachel do not speak . Cathy shut the door and spin around . cathy do you really get fire ? Rachel 's face be pale . Cathy be more curious than mad . rachel look , I do not want you to worry that I could not pay the rent ... cathy if you do not have a job , then what do you do everyday ? rachel I ... I ride the train . cathy you what ? rachel I ride the train to New York and back . Cathy be now in complete disbelief . ( continued ) 34 . continued : cathy that 's what you alimony 's pay for ? ticket to nowhere ? ... that 's really fuck weird , Rachel ! rachel okay . okay . Rachel try to focus . rachel I get on the train . and then ... I get off the train . I do not know ! it 's very unclear ... cathy you do not remember anything , do you ? Rachel 's face be molest with the realization that she have no idea what happen . cathy you know , I read about this man in Long Island who black out . he leave a bar and drive to the house that he have grow up in ... stab its occupant to death . her voice start to distort and fade as Rachel close she eye , try to remember . flashback : megan and abdic on the balcony together . cathy he wake up the next morning oblivious to what he do until the police come to get he . flashback : megan 's lip brush against the dark-haire man 's lip , then she kiss he deeply . back in apartment : Rachel 's eye shoot open . cathy ( off Rachel 's non - response ) Rachel ! rachel ... what ? what ? ( continued ) 35 . continued : cathy you have to leave . I can not do this anymore . I will give you a few week to -- on rachel : her mind racing . rachel ( distract ) hold on ... Rachel dart out of the apartment : CUT to : ext . croton STREET - moment later Rachel run out of the apartment , approach detective riley , who stand at she car talk to she partner . riley ( to gaskill ) .»- yeah , I agree with you , but -- rachel detective riley ! riley turn and walk towards Rachel . they meet in the street . rachel I see someone with megan hipwell , but not on Friday night . riley give a almost imperceptible shake of she head . rachel she be have a affair . she have a lover . that 's what I be try to tell you . riley I think you do not know she . rachel no . but I see she . riley you see she where ? rachel I see she from the train . she be stand on the deck with this man . ( continued ) 36 . continued : riley with she husband , Scott hipwell ? rachel no . it be not he . this man be different . and they be kissing . riley wow . that 's pretty coincidental , be not it ? you just happen to be on a train at the same exact moment that a woman you do not know -- but somehow recognize -- be cheating on she husband ? Rachel just stand there . rachel I know it sound crazy , but -- riley neighbor see a drunk woman in the vicinity of she house Friday night . megan hipwell do bear a resemblance to Anna Watson . Rachel brace herself for the accusation . riley Mrs. Watson report that you go to they house sometimes uninvite . and that on one occasion , you actually break in and take they child . Rachel be shocked at the thinly - veile accusation . riley let I give you some advice . do not go back to beckett Road . do not contact you ex-husband . do not go anywhere near Anna Watson or she baby . Rachel 's mind be racing , try to replay Friday night , but she can not find the memory . riley be you listen to I ? rachel yes . ( continued ) 37 . continued : riley you do not live there anymore . stay away . riley walk away . on rachel : reeling . megan ( pre-lap ) you know , I lie all the time . CUT to : title : 4 month ago int . dr . abdic 's office - day Close on megan as Dr. abdic listen intently in the background . megan I lie to Scott . I lie to you . I mean I know that 's not the point of therapy , but I have to keep thing vague . jumble up all the man , the exes , the lover . it do not matter who they be . it matter how they make I feel . megan look straight at Dr. abdic . megan lying be like take a trip . it 's like have a secret . it 's like touch yourself and no one else know ... Dr. abdic watch as megan slide up she skirt and run she hand over she panty . she hang she head back in bliss . megan 's memory : we megan of today be have sex in a hotel room . she thrust atop a man who be lie on he back in the bed . we can not see he face . back in session : a moment pass . megan smile . megan except you . dr . abdic but you be just pretend . you be just pretend to touch yourself . diffuse by abdic , megan move on . ( continued ) 38 . continued : megan Scott 's possessive . jealous . he like to own I . he figure out all my password . which be kinda sexy . megan avoid Dr. abdic 's penetrate stare . megan so , when I come home last night , Scott be on my laptop wonder why -- dr . abdic Scott 's behavior be not normal . it 's a form of emotional abuse . be you ever afraid of Scott ? megan it 's not abuse . not if you do not care . and I do not . dr . abdic maybe it 's become a normal state for you . megan be it normal I think about you all the time ? abdic do not answer , just stand and walk away . rachel ( v.o. ) ( read the news , pre - lap ) '' almost exactly a week ago , megan hipwell walk out of number 15 beckett Road and disappear ... '' int . train - the next day Rachel nervously scour the internet for detail on megan . close on I - pad : next to a article we see a photo of megan stand in front of a large painting in the gallery where she once work . rachel ( v.o. ) ( read the news ) '' , .. no one have see she since . neither she phone nor she bank card have be use since Friday ... '' Rachel look back to the seat where the man in the suit usually sit . a older bald man stare back blankly . 39 . int . art gallery - day Rachel now stand in front of the same painting we see megan stand in front of . it be a painting of a woman stand suspiciously on a train platform . ( the Subway by George tooker . ) rachel ( v.o. ) ( read ) '' , .. a wonderful woman . a intensely private person with a warm heart . she lose a brother when she be sixteen , and both she parent die a few year ago ... '' Rachel focus intently on the painting , push in closer and closer . rachel ( v.o. ) ( read ) '' Scott hipwell urge anyone with information to please come forward . '' ext . beckett road - night Rachel walk along the road . as she pass Anna 's house , she see : Anna in she window , watch she pass . anna 's Pov : Rachel quicken she pace as she close in on number 15 beckett Road . pre -lap : a door open . ext. / int . megan and scott 's house - same moment the door swing open , revealing Scott . he be the type of guy who , despite he distress , seem even sexier when dishevel . scott you be megan 's friend ? rachel yes . Rachel . scott come in . Scott briskly enter the house . Rachel 's eye drink in every detail of the home . scott do you want a coffee ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : rachel sure . thank you . Scott guide Rachel to the kitchen table , cover in papers . scott sorry it 's a mess . I have be hunt for she social , birth certificate . the cop need a lot . Rachel take a seat at the kitchen table . Scott stand by the counter . scott have we meet somewhere before ? rachel I do not think so . scott and you know megan from ? rachel uh... from the gallery . scott be you a artist ? rachel well , I like to think so . Rachel notice that there be a slight residue of lipstick on the lip of the cup -- presumably megan 's . Rachel turn the lipstick mark away from she , then steady she nerve before take a sip . scott ( no time to spare ) so you say on the phone ... you want to tell I something about megan . Rachel hesitates . scott what do you want to tell I ? rachel I see you wife with someone ...on Friday morning . scott with who ? ( continued ) 4l. continued : rachel she be up there on you porch . ( point ) I see she from the train because I commute to Manhattan everyday and I go straight past here . Scott repress he reaction . rachel ( hard to say ) she kiss he . ( a moment ) they be kissing . this land very hard on Scott . he lower he head try he best to keep it together . rachel I be sorry . I know this be a terrible thing to hear . I know how it feel . Scott turn toward she , measure . scott what do he look like ? rachel he be average height . he have dark - hair . Scott stiffen . scott and they be out there on the porch ? rachel yes . a moment . scott fuck . fuck . Scott open the fridge and grab a beer . he extend one to Rachel . she hesitates a moment : she really want it . rachel no no no . thank you . ( change she mind ) ok . sure . Scott hand she a beer . she take a long pull . ( continued ) 42 . continued : scott it could , I do not know . maybe it 's a good thing ? it could mean she 's all right . ( laugh , despite himself ) she just run off with someone . rachel right . Scott take a swig from he beer . scott ( directly to Rachel ) she talk to you ? rachel ( flustered ) oh no . I have not hear anything . scott you know she well enough to know where we live . megan do not have many friend . rachel well , I use to live nearby ... she and I , we take yoga ... we take pilate together . I think I should go , I feel like I have take up too much of you time . so sorry to have have to tell you that in that way . Rachel push the beer away and start to get up , but Scott place he hand on she wrist . she be immediately throw off - guard by be so close to he . scott do you think you would recognize he again ? if you see he ? rachel I do not know . now , Scott grab he iPad and start google . scott there be a guy , a therapist . his name 's abdic ? abdic . um , kamal abdic . Scott angle the iPad towards Rachel . insert ipad screen : a picture of Dr. kamal abdic . ( continued ) 43 . continued : scott be that who you see ? Rachel stare at the image , try to remember . rachel I do not know . I really can not tell . scott she spend a lot of fuck time with she shrink . Rachel scroll through different image of Dr. abdic on the internet . she pause on a portrait- like photo of he . flashback : megan and the dark-haire man kiss . up close . it 's the same man . rachel ( distort , dream - like ) I remember ... back in scottas kitchen : rachel that 's he . Rachel turn to Scott , she face fill with a strange new excitement . there 's something intimate for she about help Scott : rachel I be sorry . CUT to : title : 2 month ago megan ( pre-lap ) where be you ? where be you ? where be you ? int . HOTEL room - day megan sit alone in a hotel room with two different cell phone on the bed . she dial one of the phone while speak into the other . no answer . she leave a message . her voice be strangely hopeful and break at once , almost childlike , as she repeat a strange mantra . megan where be you ...? 44 , ext . wood - day deep in the forest , megan have sex with a man against a tree . the trunk of the tree cover the man 's face as he climax . int . scott and megan 's kitchen - later same day megan , in the same clothes , enter the house and find Scott wait at the kitchen table -- a stand - off and a portrait of a troubled marriage . after a moment , she walk away . Scott spring up angrily and follow , knock over he chair . megan stay away from I . int . office of dr . kamal abdic - day megan be totally out of breath , try to calm down . megan ( start to cry ) this be so stupid ... he make every conversation about get pregnant . and every time we go there ... megan can not bring herself to talk . dr . abdic where ? megan to that subject . Dr. abdic stand behind she and put a hand on she shoulder . dr . abdic what subject ? megan do not respond . dr . abdic megan . what subject ? she look up at he , vulnerable . then she wrap she arm around he waist to embrace he . dr . abdic ( comforting ) it 's okay . flash - a rustic cabin . Water drip from the ceiling . megan startles awake in a bathtub . ( continued ) 45 . continued : dr . abdic megan . flash - megan scream and crawl naked from the tub . she tighten she embrace on abdic . dr . abdic megan . all right , megan . Dr. abdic wrap he finger around megan 's wrist , try to remove she hand from he body . dr . abdic we should not ... megan kiss Dr. abdic 's hand , then she suck he finger . dr . abdic no ... megan ... do not make it impossible for we to work together . she stand and pull he into a kiss . he resist . dr . abdic megan , I could lose my practice . she angrily shove he away . megan I do not give a fuck . I do not give a fuck about you fuck practice ! he surge forward and grab she tightly , start berate she in Spanish . she struggle and slap at he , until he grab she face to look eye to eye . a moment as both of they absorb the weird intimacy of he rage at she . she smile . int . bar - middle of the day Rachel take a brief break from shoot pool -- on the television there be news footage of Dr. abdic peacefully be escort from he home and get into a detective 's car . newcaster Dr. kamal abdic have be ... rachel ( overlap ) --- Dr. ( more ) ( continued ) 46 . continued : rachel ( cont 'd ) kamal abdic have be bring in for question on the disappearance of ardsley-on-hudson resident , megan hipwell . he be , accord to source , Mrs. hipwell 's psychiatrist ... Rachel lean over a pool table , take aim with a cue . a drunken guy hang behind she . rachel ( v.o. ) for the first time in age I have purpose . Rachel hit the ball into the pocket and celebrate with the guy . rachel ( v.o . ) .-- or at least , I have a distraction ... she continue to play and flirt with she opponent . rachel ( v.o. ) ... I want megan to show up safe and sound . I do . bing . Rachel look down at she phone to find a text from scott : '' we need to meet asap '' rachel ( v.o. ) .-- dust not quite yet ... Rachel rush out . ext. / int . scott 's house - day Scott open he door . rachel hi . he turn and she follow he inside to the live room . rachel what 's wrong ? scott abdic 's be release . rachel what ?! ( continued ) 47 . continued : scott there be not enough evidence . and because I be the one that get he arrest , he talk . a lot . rachel they 'il build a case against he , it anll just take some time . scott be you totally sure he 's the guy you see megan with ? rachel .-. yes . scott you sure as fuck better be . rachel I do not understand . scott the police think I do it . rachel yeah , but he 's ... scott he tell they megan 's miserable ... that I be a jealous , control husband . rachel I be sure that they be just try to rule you out before -- scott abdic tell they I be abusive . a new realization set in . Scott lean against the wall . his voice begin to crack . scott when she walk out , I do not go after she . I never call to check on she . I go to a sport bar , for fuck 's sake , and get drunk . rachel no . we just need to find more evidence on abdic . ( continued ) 48 . continued : scott I have spend the whole day go through she stuff . there 's no e- mail , there 's nothing , no letter , no email . nothing . for a second , I think about contact abdic myself ... the phone ring . scott Fucking phone will not stop ! Rachel be startle by he rage . Scott answer it . scott this be Scott ... yeah . hold on . hold on . ( to Rachel ) do you mind ? ext . scott 's house - continuous Rachel walk from Scott 's house and see Tom and Anna in they driveway get out of the car . Rachel watch as Anna go to the backseat to retrieve evie ... she get the baby out and slam the car door . flashback : Rachel 's head slam up against the wall of the underpass . back outside tom & anna 's house : back in real time , Anna head to the house . anna ( to evie , playful ) oh , you be heavy . you be a fatty . you be a little fatty . Tom turn and see Rachel . he start towards she , furious . tom Rachel ? no. ( to Anna ) Anna , get in the house . Rachel fixate on Anna . as Anna turn -- flashback : in the underpass , Anna , wear a red jacket , turn towards Rachel aggressively and strike she . ext . beckett road - moment later as Tom reach Rachel , she point towards Anna . ( continued ) 49 , continued : rachel you wife hit I on Friday night ! tom what be you talk about ? rachel yes . yes she do . Rachel clock Anna stare out the front door glass watch they . rachel ( to Anna ) yes you do ! ( to Tom ) and then she get in you car . tom no . she say you yell at she that night . rachel no . that be not what happen ! she be in the tunnel . and she hit I . tom I will not argue in the street . the middle of the day ... and you be drunk . Tom start to walk away . rachel ( straighten up ) I be not drunk , Tom ! tom ( turn back to Rachel ) my wife be scared of you . hear the word '' wife '' be like be punch in the gut . rachel of what ? tom I do not even know if that 's a joke or not . let 's start with child abduction . rachel that 's bullshit . you know that 's not ... how it happen . ( continued ) 50 . continued : tom you and I both know what you be capable of . pause . they look at one another . tom you be just at Scott hipwell 's house ? Rachel search for a lie she do not have . tom why be you at Scott hipwell 's house ?! rachel because I be help he . tom how ? rachel to try and find megan . tom you do not even know megan ! beat . he soften . tom rach . I do not think you be help anybody . int . dr . kamal abdic 's office - the next day Dr. abdic talk to a patient . there 's a newfound sadness to he . after a night of question , he 's frustrated and do not at all seem like the same man who sit across from megan . finally he speak . dr . abdic so you be here because you want to uncover lose memory . be that correct ? now , we see that it 's rachel sitting across from he . though she have circle under she eye , she 's try to clean herself up for she first session with abdic . rachel ( he accent ) you have a accent ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : dr . abdic pardon ? she study Dr. abdic 's every move . rachel sorry . I be not expect you to have a accent . dr . abdic well , you have a accent . rachel ( laugh ) where be you from ? dr . abdic ( lose patience ) I be a american citizen . but I guess you be not here to talk about I . unless , you be ... rachel no . I be sorry . I be just try to make conversation . dr . abdic ( cut she off ) the blackout . you be experience blackout . Dr. abdic move forward in he seat . Rachel 's blood go cold . rachel mm-hmm . dr . abdic do you want to tell I about they ? she shift awkwardly in she seat . rachel well , when I wake up , and when someone tell I what I have do , it just do not feel like I or like something that I would do . I feel bad about it . but it 's like it 's so far remove that I have a ... I just do not feel bad enough . ( continued ) continued : 52 . dr . abdic you want to take personal responsibility for what you have do , but you find it difficult to feel accountable because you can not even remember it . yeah ? Rachel , dumbstruck , feel understand for the first time . she smile Rachel be rachel ... yeah . dr . abdic so , Rachel , besides drink -- because you clearly drink . you have be drink today , have not you ? awkwardly , catch . dr . abdic what else do you enjoy ? do you have any hobby ? rachel I like to draw . Art , I guess . dr . abdic good . we can try to regain some of you memory by draw they -- rachel I have try it . it do not work . dr . abdic have you ever track all the way back to when you start drink heavily ? when be that ? reluctant to actually delve into therapy . rachel ... it be with Tom . when I could not get pregnant . dr . abdic who 's '' Tom ? '' rachel he 's my ex-husband . dr . abdic do you want to talk about that ? rachel ( cont 'd ) I really want a baby . ( continued ) 53 . continued : Dr. abdic 's arrest stare force Rachel to continue : rachel we try everything and nothing work . and it just absolutely ... she start cry . rachel it just break my heart . so I get really sad and then the booze just break we ... Rachel be gut . dr . abdic okay . tell I more . rachel I use to watch this perfect couple . and they be just the embodiment of true love . it 's like the kind of love you always want . and then , she betrayed he . and it 's spark something in I ... Rachel have just place she head into the lion 's mouth . a moment . abdic sense a agenda . dr . abdic ( no bullshit ) why be you really here , Rachel ? her true emotion take over . rachel because I be afraid of myself . ext . beckett road / underpass - day Anna push evie in a stroller toward the beckett Road underpass . anna ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) July 5th : 1:33 , 1:34 , 1:37 ... Anna and evie emerge from inside underpass . int . police station , riley 's desk - day Anna sit across from riley with evie in she stroller . riley peruse a staple phone bill cover in red underline . ( continued ) continued : 54 . anna she call again 1:38 and then she call again at 1:44 , 1:45 , 2:15 pm . and then July 6th ... you get the point . she sometimes texted he dozen of time a day . riley ( look at the bill ) but this be all from a unknown number . anna unknown be Rachel . riley you have a log of the call . you do not have a log of what they be say to each other . on Anna , throw off by the implication . riley scof riley look , have she be back to the house since the incident with you child ? anna not that I know . riley well , then you might have a case for harassment in the second degree , but this be text , they be not threat , so ... anna ( interrupt ) she 's be hang around Scott hipwell 's house . a lot . riley ( encourage she ) I be aware . there be a lot of loose end here that suggest something , but they do not add up to much . if you can bring I something more solid ... anna what more do you need ? fs at the phone bill laid out before she . ( continued ) 55 . continued : riley evidence . Real evidence ? after a moment . riley you sure you husband do not want to stay in touch with he ex-wife ? anna what ? no . she 's harass we . riley be that what he call it ? on Anna , insulted by the implication . int . tom and anna 's family room - later that day Anna sit at a table with a glass of red wine . she take a gulp , pensive for a beat . the log - in screen appear on a desktop computer , with Tom 's photo . Anna stare at the blank space next to the password header . she let out a deep breath , think for a second -- -- she type '' evie , '' and then enter . a message pop up : '' password incorrect . '' Anna try again : '' anna , '' and press enter . the same '' password incorrect '' message pop up . something occur to Anna . she downs the remain wine . she take a deep breath to calm she nerve , then ... ... she type '' rachel . '' she hesitates a beat . she sigh , then hit enter . this time , she 's relieved when she be meet with the '' password incorrect '' message . Tom 's key rattle outside . shit . Anna take she wine , move to the kitchen table and pretend to be engross in a magazine ... . -- just as Tom enter . anna hi. tom hey . anna hey . ( continued ) 56 . continued : they kiss . when he leave , Anna let she worry show . int . rachel 's room - evening the news be play loudly on the television . Rachel be surround by drawing of the underpass and the blonde woman . there 's a banging ! int . rachel 's apartment - moment later Rachel open the door , surprised . rachel hi. it 's Scott . he 's very troubled . completely catch off guard , Rachel just stand there . scott Reporters be in my yard . everywhere . I do not know where else to go . rachel come in . later : Rachel and Scott sit in the live room , hold steaming coffee mug . deep in think , Scott shake he head . scott the detective just ... the detective just tell I something I have want to hear for a long time . it 's hard for Scott to continue . scott she 's pregnant . she tell she shrink but not I . Rachel take a pain breath . scott I want a family , but she fight I every step of the way . we always fight about it . a awkward moment . scott ...- do megan ever say anything about I to you ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : Rachel pause . rachel ( wide - eye ) she love you . she love you in way that people only dream of be love . int . rachel 's room - later that night later : Scott sleep peacefully in Rachel 's bed . boom ! the camera jump back to reveal a wide shot : Rachel be stand above Scott , watch he sleep . Rachel slowly sit down next to he and hesitantly place she hand on he chest . CUT to : title : 1 month ago int . scott and megan 's house - night close on : Scott 's sleep face in profile . he turn to reveal megan , awake . mascara and tear stream down she cheek . she quietly sneak out of bed ... ext . house of dr . kamal abdic - night the door swing open . Dr. abdic stand there in a t-shirt and sweatpant , take aback by megan , who wear a coat over she nightgown . dr . abdic ( look around for neighbor ) you should not be here . megan ( push she way in ) I just ... I need to tell someone , just once . just say it out loud . I want to tell you . and then I ’1l1 be go , I swear . int . house of dr . kamal abdic - continuous megan move past Dr. abdic , through he home , search its dark corner , until she end up in he live room . Dr. abdic catch up with she . they stand across the room from one another , in the dark . ( continued ) 58 . continued : megan I get pregnant . I be seventeen . I have she by myself . she have dark eye and blond hair . I expect it to be hard , but it be not . it be easy . because I love she . I love she . I call she Elizabeth . Libby . ( a moment ) ... Libby . ( a moment ) it be December . we have get in a fight , I and Mac . he would go off and leave . megan 's memory : Water seep through the ceiling of a hunt cabin as it rain outside . the much young megan be asleep in the tub . megan ( v.o. ) ( in a trance ) the roof be leak . I be freezing cold , so I get in the tub . I bring Libby in with I , put she on my chest ... back in dr . abdic 's house : megan continue she story . megan .+- she head just under my chin . ( a moment ) I fall asleep . megan 's memory : megan stir awake in the tub . megan ( v.o. ) I let she go . I let she go . megan jump out of the tub scream . she run from the bathroom and outside the cabin . back in dr . abdic 's house : megan break down . megan I let she go . I let she go . megan 's memory : she scramble out of the tub , across the floor , and out into the freezing rain . nake and distraught . megan ( v.o. ) I could not look . I do not want to see it . I do not want to see she like that . back in dr . abdic 's house : megan try to regain control . ( continued ) 59 . continued : megan I wrap she in a blanket . and I bury she . megan 's memory : megan hand the baby to mac , 25 , who place it in a shallow grave he 's just dig . back in dr . abdic 's house : megan embrace Dr. abdic . megan then Mac go out that night . and he never come back . he never come back . they stand alone in he home , hold each other . int . dr . abdic 's office - morning Rachel watch the train pass by outside the window , then tell she memory to Dr. abdic who listen closely . rachel I miss we home . int . tom and anna 's home - day - memory Anna drift through the house , take in the frame photo of baby evie . dr . abdic be office - morning rachel so one day when I be drunk , I decide to go there . int . tom and anna 's family room - day - memory Rachel enter the house again . rachel ( v.o. ) the front door be open . it 's not like I break in . she feel the staircase banister , remember , then continue farther into the house . rachel ( v.o. ) and then I hear evie . dr . abdic ( v.o. ) who 's evie ? rachel ( v.o. ) Tom 's baby . ( continued ) 60 . continued : Rachel stand in the hallway , look at Anna nap . the baby sleep in a bassinet . Rachel pick evie up ... ext . tom and anna 's backyard - moment later - memory Rachel walk into the yard , cradling evie . rachel ( v.o. ) I know this sound insane , but I just want to hold she . int . dr . abdic 's office - morning Rachel look up at Dr. abdic 's comforting face : rachel ... just for a moment . ext . tom and anna 's backyard - moment later - memory Rachel stop in the middle of the yard and turn . she see megan watch from she balcony . the screen door slam open . anna ( v.o . ) Rachel ? what be you do ?! what be you do ? Anna pull up short , terrify . Rachel be still and silent . anna Rachel ... give she to I . slowly , Rachel place evie on the ground . she run away as Anna race to gather up the baby , who have start cry . Rachel stagger drunkenly through the tall weed . towards the track . the train pass . rachel ( v.o. ) I be not go to hurt she . I would never hurt she . int . dr . abdic 's office - morning on Rachel : rachel I just want to hold she . 61 . ext . forest - day rain fall . Water wash over the root ball of a tip over tree . as the soil and debris be slowly sweep away , part of a body be expose . intercut with : int . train - day Rachel ride the train as building and landscape whisk past she . her profile against the window . her gaze on someone 's iPad . rachel 's Pov : on the iPad be a news report with a image of a woman 's profile inside white plastic . rachel ( v.o. ) '' , .. partially decompose body find ... female body find ... '' Rachel 's gaze wander away to another person 's iPad where she see : rachel 's Pov : a smile photo of megan . rachel ( v.o . ) '' , .. death a result of blunt force trauma ... partially decompose ... blunt force ... megan hipwell ... investigation now be call a homicide ... '' on rachel 's face : molested with horror . int . tom and anna 's home - kitchen - day Tom and Anna stand in stunne silence above a sink of dirty dish they have be wash . they eye be glue to a television where a anchor be report megan 's death . rachel ( v.o . ) '' , .. source say the partially decompose body fund be miss ardsley woman megan hipwell ... death a result of blunt force trauma ... megan hipwell 's investigation now be call a homicide . '' Tom and Anna be in complete disbelief . ext . scott and megan 's home - that night - dusk a police car arrive and Scott exit the car , rush into he home . ( continued ) continued : 62 . reporter Mr. hipwell , can I ask you some question ? Mr. hipwell ? ( to spokesperson ) be there anything that you can tell we at this time ? Rachel watch from the street . Scott notice she before disappear into he house . police spokesperson this be a ongoing investigation . the police department will release a statement . detective determine that it be a homicide , but that 's as far as I be willing to go at this point . reporter do the resident need to be worried about violent crime in the area ? police spokesperson no no no ... isolate incident ... Rachel turn to head back to the station and see anna pushing evie in a stroller . Anna have freeze in place . Rachel rise and walk deliberately towards Anna . Anna do not move . Rachel clip Anna 's shoulder and continue down the street . Anna turn Anna 's Pov station . : Anna watch as Rachel run toward the train int . tom and anna's bedroom - that night Tom be behind Anna try to have sex . upset and distract , she lie perfectly still . frustrate he pants . tom what 's wrong ? anna I be sorry . , Tom jump out of bed . Anna watch as he pull up anna ( flatly , try to provoking he ) ( more ) ( continued ) 63 . continued : anna ( cont 'd ) this remind I of when I use to watch you get dress before go back to she . int . OPEN house - day anna 's memory : she 's straighten she dress after a tryst with Tom . her hair and makeup be different in a way which indicate a woman try very hard to be someone she be not . Tom 's phone ring . it 's Rachel . Anna 's face drop . back in anna 's bedroom : on anna : something dark cross she eye . anna back to this house . ( beat ) I actually miss be the other woman . do you enjoy cheating on Rachel ? Tom pause in get dress . tom seriously ? can we not fixate on she ?! anna ( piss ) I see she again today . tom where ? anna this afternoon when the police bring Scott back home . she be across the street . and when she see I she get aggressive . tom aggressive how ? anna what if Rachel kill megan ? tom Rachel do not kill megan . ( continued ) 64 . continued : anna then why be she creep around Scott 's house ? she 's dangerous and you know it . Tom raise a quieting hand . tom sweetheart , Rachel be a sad Anna , she 's completely harmless . person . Tom walk out of the bedroom . off Anna 's face we ... CUT to : int . rachel 's house - late afternoon Rachel enter she duplex . she hang up she coat and scarf and pull up short , startle . rachel what be you do here ? how do you get in ? reveal Scott sit on she couch with a beer . scott come here . have a beer with I . rachel I be not drink right now . Scott rise and cross to Rachel . scott detective riley come to see I last night . it turn out I be not the father ... neither be the shrink . Scott give Rachel a horrible smile . he be totally drunk . scott do my wife confide in you about a third man ? Rachel have no answer . scott sit down . she hesitates . scott sit down ! ( continued ) 65 . continued : Rachel move to a chair , wary . rachel look , I do not know what this be about , but -- scott come on ! you and megan be such good friend . you must have know . ( softly ) admit it . Rachel 's stomach sink . she 's be find out . he know . rachel admit what ? scott admit that you never even fuck meet my wife ! tear start to run down Rachel 's face . scott the detective say you do not even know megan . she use other word too : alcoholic . maybe even mentally unstable ? rachel I be sorry . I be honestly just try to help . Scott 's have enough . he throw he beer bottle at the wall . it shatter . Rachel jump . scott you be Tom 's crazy ex ! when the fuck be you go to tell I that ? and now the detective be ask if you and I be ina relationship ?! you ?! I would never even get near someone like you ! my wife be dead , and you be lie to I !? what 's wrong with you ?? who do this ?? Rachel back into the kitchen . Scott follow . inside kitchen : ( continued ) 66 . continued : rachel ... I need to tell you about megan 's affair , and you would not have believe I if I be just Tom 's ex ! scott oh , well thank you . for get abdic to point the finger at I ! for get the cop to say that you and I be fuck ! then a creepy change of tack : scott how be they go , huh ? you know ? the session ? he nod at the refrigerator . at a appointment card from Dr. abdic 's office , stick to the door with a magnet . scott with the doctor ? rachel I want to know about abdic and I go to he to help you -- Scott grab Rachel by she head and cover she mouth . she yelp . he violently push she into the hallway . scott you be just a sad liar with no life . you be all liar . rachel ( through he hand ) please do not ! Scott squeeze harder , then let go and storm out , leave Rachel terrify . int . ardsley-on-hudson police station - dusk Rachel , out of breath , run into the police station . she approach the front desk . rachel I need to file a statement ... desk sergeant name ? rachel Rachel Watson . ( continued ) 67 . continued : riley ( 0.s. ) Pete ? I get this . Rachel turn to see riley . int . police bathroom - moment later riley open the door of a police station bathroom and signal Rachel inside . riley cross to the sink and look into the mirror above it for a long beat . uneasy , Rachel walk towards riley . riley you want to file a statement ? I be listen . rachel Scott hipwell just assault I . riley you mean you new boyfriend Scott hipwell ? rachel no . we be just friend . riley but that 's what you want , be not it ? I mean , you get he to stay overnight at you apartment , right ? rachel no. you need ... you need the context . riley turn from the mirror and approach . riley I know the context . but what I be try to determine be when you obsession with Mr. hipwell begin . be it before or after he pregnant wife be murder ? I mean , you be neighbor at one point ? rachel I meet he after ... ( continued ) continued : 68 . riley after be question by I , you befriend another even more obvious suspect than yourself , and then you manage to get he to incriminate himself all the while hope he ’11l fuck you . rachel I come here try to help you . he just assault I in my own house ! riley you be see in the area that night . there be several hour that you say you can not account for . this be news to Rachel . her resolve begin to unsettle . she move rachel it be Scott . Scott hipwell kill he wife . riley no . he do not . surveillance footage from a sport bar account for Mr. hipwell 's whereabouts that night . in , quietly insistent . riley you be lie . you be lie . Rachel be terrify . riley put a comforting hand on she arm . riley lean riley tell I what happen . it 's okay . tell I . rachel I do not know ... 's in close to Rachel 's face . she 's calm . riley do you murder megan hipwell ? a moment . Rachel realize she do not know the answer . she flee ina panic . CUT to : title : last friday 69 . int . megan and scott 's bathroom - early morning megan sit on the close toilet seat , pregnancy test in hand , leave a message on she phone . megan ( into phone ) hi. I need to see you . can you please come over ? she hang up , drop the test , and put she head in she hand . she look up and find herself in the mirror . megan ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) I can still see she dark eye . I can smell she skin . ext . megan and scott 's porch - later that morning megan stand alone on the balcony , tear in she eye . megan I can feel how cold she be . dr . abdic ( 0.s. ) forgive yourself . he step out behind she and fold she into a embrace . in the distance behind they , the train pass . dr . abdic you do not have to be afraid of be alone . you be not alone . he kiss she forehead tenderly . int . train - continuous Rachel be on the train , watch megan and Dr. abdic on the balcony , and we realize : — we be witnessing the moment that rachel saw from the train , but now from a new angle . the train start to pull away from the station . Rachel get out of she seat , rush down the aisle to try to keep they in view . conductor ( 0.s. ) the next station be ardsley -on - Hudson . 70 . ext . megan and scott' back porch - same as the train disappear , we remain with megan and Dr. abdic . dr . abdic you will be fine . you and you baby will be fine ... on megan 's face : she have find a sense of peace . int . bistro - night close on : Rachel sit at the bar . the bartender place a martini down in front of she . she close she eye , bring the glass to she lip and suck down half the glass , the liquor burn she and fill she with life . Rachel look around at the uppity ardsley crowd . down at the end of the bar , she notice the man in the suit . fear and trepidation wash over she . they eye meet . he smirk . Rachel finish she drink . she muster up all the courage inside she and walk over to he . the man in the suit turn towards she . rachel why be you follow I ? why be you here ? the man study she for a second and laugh . man in the suit I could ask you the same question . rachel I see you . I see you that night in the tunnel . I see you there . I know I see you there ! man in the suit Lady , I live here . I be always in that tunnel . rachel but what do you see ? what happen that night ? what do you see ? man in the suit you bust you ass . you fall . I feel sorry for you . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 . continued : man in the suit ( cont 'd ) I try to help you up . you tell I to fuck off . so , I fuck off . rachel ( grow more anxious ) be I with anyone ? be I alone ? what happen ?! man in the suit I do not know . you be waste . you be always waste . that 's all I can tell you . Rachel grab he by the lapel . man in the suit whoa . take it easy . rachel I need you to tell I the fuck truth . what do you see that night ? what happen that night ? Rachel can see he have no idea what she be talk about and she face go pale . he stand . man in the suit I do not know . I be assume it 's the worst . the man in the suit walk out the door . Rachel put she head in she hand . she 's fuck . rachel God ... CUT to : int . rachel 's bedroom - night Rachel sit on the edge of she bed with a bottle of vodka and a glass . she stare at she phone . it 's the video clip from that Friday in the oyster bar bathroom . rachel 's Pov : Rachel and the woman hold a pose for a selfie with the X 's behind they . rachel ( on video ) come here for one second . just one second . say '' fuck you , Anna boyd . '' rachel and woman ( on phone ) fuck you , Anna boyd ! ( continued ) 72 . continued : then the camera be place on the side of the sink . the video be at a strange angle catch glimpsis of Rachel 's animated rant as she body weave in and out of frame . rachel ( from phone ) ... I wonder if she know that I fuck Tom ... when I see that woman kissing someone else , betray she husband . I feel it . flash insert : megan on she back porch , stretch in she open robe . rachel ( from phone ) pure. rage . flash insert : a blonde woman lie prone on a kitchen floor . Rachel be in the room with she . rachel ( from phone ) ...- if I could , I have go to she house ... find she sit in the kitchen ... flash insert : the blonde woman sit at the kitchen counter scream as Rachel grab she hair and hurl she to the floor . it 's megan . rachel ( from phone ) ... then I have pull she down ... flash insert : Rachel smashes megan 's skull into the blue tile , blood splash everywhere . rachel ( from phone ) ... and I have smash she head all over the floor !! now , Rachel hang she head in tear , overcome by the memory . she pull out a duffle bag and begin fill it with essential item . now , Rachel write a note and put it on she stripped bed with she gather belonging . rachel ( v.o. ) ( read note ) '' Cathy -- thank you for all you have do for I . ( more ) ( continued ) 73 . continued : rachel ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be sorry to leave this way . I ‘’1l send for my thing later . Love , Rachel . '' CUT to : ext . croton -harmon train station - night Rachel walk down the empty street towards the train station . int . train - same night Rachel board the train and notice a group of party woman board . one of they be martha , the woman she assault at the barbecue with Tom . conductor ( v.o. ) the next station be irvington . martha ( laugh ) ...- it 's so true . it 's the worst restaurant ever . why do we keep go back ? Rachel look down . then , breathe heavily , she slowly lift she eye and approach . rachel martha ? martha . martha and the other woman immediately turn to Rachel . monica Rachel ? a moment of discomfort . monica I have not see you in a million year ... Rachel try to find the word . rachel I want to call you , but Tom say I should just leave it alone . martha oh ... rachel I be so sorry ... ( continued ) 74 . continued : martha for what ? rachel for the barbecue . I just need you to know that I do not remember anything and I just completely black out ... martha ( smile awkwardly ) everyone have a little too much to drink , so ... it 's okay . rachel I know , but with the egg ... and then I scream at you ... that I be that abusive . I just feel ... I just feel so ashamed about it . martha stand , offer a puzzle smile . martha um ... I do not ...? rachel Tom ... Tom say that I smashed you plate . I do not ... Tom be fire because of how I behave . martha look shocked . martha you feel sick and you take a nap in we guest bedroom . ext . martha 's barbecue - day rachel 's memory : at the barbecue , martha take she gently by the arm . martha do you want to lie down ? come with I . she guide Rachel inside while Tom watch . martha Excuse we ... int . martha 's guest bedroom - later 75 . rachel 's memory : Rachel open she eye to see martha apply a wet rag to she face . martha smile sweetly at Rachel . martha Rachel ? be you feel better ? she turn to Tom . martha you guy can stay the night if you want . tom no , no . that 's fine . thanks . monica ( v.o. ) I think I have remember if you cause a scene ... Tom stare down at bleary - eye Rachel . rachel I be so sorry ... tom ( cold ) get up . int . train - night now : this land hard on Rachel . martha and then Tom take you home . ext . grand central station - night rachel 's memory : Rachel and Tom approach Grand Central Station after monica 's party . rachel I be sorry , Tom , I - - he angrily push she off . tom stop fuck say that ! I know you be sorry . rachel I be sorry . tom what 's you fuck problem ? you can not even focus on I . ( more ) ( continued ) 76 . continued : tom ( cont 'd ) you can not even fuck stand up ? what be wrong with you ? can you stand ? Tom push Rachel . she stumble and fall . tom Fucking disgusting . he walk off , abandon she . int . train - night Rachel try to process this . rachel no ... no ... martha yeah . Tom get fire because he could not keep he dick in he pants . Rachel 's face redden . monica you do nothing wrong . nothing . Rachel breathes heavily as she start to remember she past in a new way . tom ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) wake the fuck up , Rachel ! wake the fuck up ! rachel 's memory : in the hallway at home with the mirror . now we see the correct memory : it 's not Rachel try to hit Tom with the golf club , it 's tom try to hit rachel ! tom wake up ! Rachel duck . the golf club smashes into the mirror , raining glass onto a terrify Rachel . Tom get in she face , menace . tom you can sleep out here . 77 . back on the train : martha we all feel so bad for you . such a bad guy . oh god ... be you okay ? Rachel go pale . CUT to : int . tom and anna's bedroom - same night Anna sit on she bed with Tom 's laptop , try more password . after a few more unsuccessful attempt , she place the laptop back into Tom 's bag . it bump against something . a old cellphone . the phone give she pause . she inspect it a second , then hold down its power button . it do not turn on . she think of something . int . tom and anna's kitchen - moment later Anna open a drawer . Inside be a tangle web of cord and charger . she find one that 's a perfect fit for the phone . she plug the charge into the wall , and a second later , the phone power on . Anna scroll through its text history . we hear Tom read they : tom ( v.o. ) ( text ) '' I need to see you . meet I at 3 . '' '' I be here , where be you ? '' '' TI can not . stuck watch evie . '' start to shake , Anna scroll down through more message . Anna hear the jangling of key from outside . she quickly stand , stashing the phone and charge in a cookie tin . she shut the cable drawer and pretend to be straighten up evie 's doll . Tom step inside , slightly drunk . tom what be you do up ? ( continued ) 78 . continued : anna pick up after evie . he laugh . she stand and give he a quick peck , but he pull she back , want more . he sit she on the counter and kiss down she neck while she stare into the distance . ext . ardsley-on -hudson train station - same night a speed express train whizze past we . once go , we see Rachel stand on the platform . she take a breath of courage and walk from the station towards the underpass . ext . road to underpass - moment later Rachel walk briskly up the hill toward the underpass . flashback : a blonde woman in a red jacket whirl towards Rachel . flashback : Rachel shouting : rachel you whore !! Rachel begin to cry as she pick up she pace . flashback : Close on the woman 's mouth -- Anna 's mouth . anna leave we alone . Rachel run faster up the road towards the underpass flashback : Anna charge through the underpass towards Rachel . Rachel swipe at she , but Anna shove she aside . Rachel slam she head against a cement wall . a flash of searing pain ... Rachel be now in a full run . the memory come faster and faster to she . flashback : Anna slap Rachel across the face , then sprint away through the underpass ... Rachel crawl out of a drainage ditch and set off after she . int . tom and anna's bedroom - later Anna stare at Tom , watch he sleepy chest rise and fall . when she be satisfied that he be completely asleep , Anna quietly slip out of bed . 79 . int . tom and anna's kitchen - moment later Anna , wear a white silk robe , stand in the kitchen with the cell phone . she turn the phone over and over in she hand , debate what to do . finally , she hit the contact icon , but the only contact be emergency and voice -mail . she hit the voice - mail entry , then place the phone to she ear . ext . tom and anna's back garden - continuous Anna stand outside , listen to the phone . voice ( from the phone ) no new message . no save message . to hear you current voice - mail greeting , please press two . Anna hit the number two , then return it to she ear . megan ( on the phone ) hi , it 's megan . leave a message . Anna 's heart be in she throat . voice ( from the phone ) to replay this greeting , press one . Anna hit the number one again , press the phone against she ear , even harder this time . megan ( on the phone ) hi , it 's megan . leave a message . above Anna , the upstairs bedroom light turn on . then downstairs in the kitchen ... Anna see the light - up window . shit. ext . tom and anna 's back yard - same night panicked , Anna hurl the cell phone over the back fence . behind Anna , the screen door open and Tom step outside . tom you okay ? there 's a moment of silence between they . Anna 's unsure how to respond . ( continued ) 80 . continued : anna I think I hear something . neither make the attempt to bridge the distance between they . tom you should wake I up if you hear something . anna I just -- tom come back to bed . Anna do not move for a moment . she 's unsure of what this all mean -- what she 's walk into . she walk across the distance to Tom . past he . leave he puzzle . ext . train underpass - same time Rachel be hyperventilate as she arrive at the underpass . flashback : the woman in the red jacket walk through the underpass , head for a car park at the far end . Rachel follow she , remember . flashback : teens blow smoke into Rachel 's face . flashback : the man in the suit lean down over she . flashback : we hear heel clack through the underpass . the woman in red keep walk . rachel ( v.o. ) Whore ! the woman in red turn back towards Rachel . now , Rachel stop as the memory snap into focus . ext . underpass - day as the flashback plays out in full : the woman turn . it be megan , in a red jacket ! Rachel continue drunkenly through the overpass and hear megan speak to the man in the car . ( continued ) 81 . continued : megan Rachel 's down there . and now the man be stride angrily towards Rachel while megan wait by the car . it 's Tom . Tom charge through the underpass toward Rachel . tom ( to Rachel ) what the hell be you do ? he grab she roughly by the arm and lead she out of the underpass . Rachel lash out with one arm , but miss . Tom shove Rachel to the side of the underpass down into a drainage ditch . he throw she against the wall and she slump to the ground . he stand over she with he key dangle from a leather fob . he hit she with he key and then run back through the underpass . Rachel crawl out of the drainage ditch and back into the underpass . she watch as megan get in the car . Tom speed the car away . two smirk teens walk up to megan , amused by she drunkenness . one squat down to blow smoke in she face . the man in the suit walk towards they . man in the suit ( to the teens ) hey , get the fuck out of here . get the fuck out of here ! he turn to help Rachel up . man in the suit you be okay . you just need some help . rachel do not touch I ... do not touch I ... just fuck off ... fuck off !! he leave , head off through the underpass . back to present : Rachel sit against the wall of the underpass , processing what she have remember . 82. ext . train track - day the track curve past the river with no train in sight . wind rustle through the weed and through the tree of beckett Street . ext . tom and anna's house - next day bird chirp . Rachel stand in front of Tom and Anna 's house . she step onto the lawn and walk towards the house . Rachel walk around the side of the house . ext . tom and anna's backyard - same moment Rachel steel herself as she enter the yard . anna ( 0.s . ) ( to evie ) come on . you be heavy . hello . aw , come here ... Anna be play with evie in a sandbox . she look like hell . her face be pale and makeup -less , she eye blood - shot red . Rachel appear from the side of the house . rachel Anna . anna no. no. no. go away . go. Anna rise . rachel Anna , please . please . I be just go to stand right here . I be not gonna come closer . I just need to talk to you . anna I do not want to hear anything you have to say . rachel where 's Tom ? Anna stare back at Rachel , carefully watch the distance between they . she do not answer . rachel he 's lie to you . he always do . he 's a good liar . ( continued ) 83 . continued : anna I know he 's a good liar . we go behind you back for month . Rachel absorb this . Anna look away from she . rachel he 's just do it to you -- anna ( cut Rachel off ) I know he 's cheating ... I know ... Rachel be not expect this ... behind they , the train pass . then. rachel Anna ... he kill megan . anna ( furious ) no , we do not ... we do not know that . rachel he 's dangerous . anna we do not know anything ! rachel Anna , you need to leave . you need to leave . you need to take evie and you need to leave . get out of here . Anna shake she head , try to resist the solidarity grow between they . anna no ... no ... rachel it 's not safe . anna I be not leave he . it 's hardly the first time he 's have a affair . rachel it 's not about the affair . and you know that , deep down . Anna , please just come with I . anna I be not leave he . ( continued ) 84 . continued : rachel please come with I . the back door open . Rachel and Anna turn to see Tom stand there . tom ( cont 'd ) come in the house , honey . Anna run with evie towards Tom . rachel Anna , do not . do not ! please ... Anna pass Tom and disappear inside . Tom shake he head at Rachel and turn to go inside . Rachel rush toward Tom . rachel I see you , Tom . you motherfucker , I see you ! you murderer ! Tom slam the door in Rachel 's face . she shout at he through the glass . rachel you fuck murderer ! you kill she ! you fuck kill she , I know it ! Tom open the door and pull Rachel inside . int . tom and anna's kitchen - continuous Tom push Rachel into the kitchen . tom you be un-fuck - believable . Anna stand shocked in the corner hold evie tightly . rachel ( to Anna ) now listen . listen to I . megan get into he car that night . ( to Tom ) you think I do not remember . you think I black out . I see you . anna ( to Tom ) why do megan get in you car ? do megan get in you car ? ( continued ) 85 . continued : tom no! rachel yes , she do . ( beat ) tell she the truth . just tell she the truth right now ... you attack I in that tunnel , because I see she with you -- Anna interrupt . anna ( hard to say ) ... I find megan 's phone . the room go silent . Tom and Rachel turn to Anna . anna ( cont 'd ) I find it ... ( beat ) so , all that phone call ... they be not from Rachel ... Tom walk away from Rachel and out into the sit area . anna so be you fuck she while she be here , work ? while she be look after we daughter ?! tom ...- you be so tired all the time . he approach evie who be sit in a jumpy chair . he pick she up and she start cry loudly . tom it 's all about evie ... ( to evie ) that 's right . it be all about you , be not it ? he glare at Anna , pull evie closer to he chest . Anna panic . anna Tom , give she to I . tom it 's all right . ( to evie ) it be all about you , be not it ? ( continued ) 86 . continued : anna Tom , give she to I . please . please give she to I . tom she 's fine . Anna cautiously approach , reach out for evie . Tom turn from she . anna I think she need change . please ? tom it 's gonna be fine . anna please just give she to I . Anna gently take evie from Tom , but Tom clutches evie by the arm . not let go . anna let she go . you be go to hurt she . tom Change she here . anna okay , I 'il change she . let she go . you be gonna hurt she . with Tom distract , Rachel reach into she pocket and withdraw she phone , shakily dial 911 -- Rachel slowly leave the kitchen , head towards the hallway ... still clutching evie by the arm , Tom guide the baby towards the kitchen table . int . tom and anna's house - hallway - continuous Rachel place the phone to she ear . operator ( on phone ) 911 , what 's you - -? Tom suddenly grab Rachel and spin she around . he grab the phone from Rachel 's hand . ( continued ) 87 . continued : operator ( on phone ) what 's you emergency ? he hang up . Tom grab Rachel by the back of she neck and force she out of the live room and back toward the kitchen . int . tom and anna's kitchen - moment later Tom force Rachel back into the kitchen and push she down to a stool at the kitchen island . Anna try to leave with evie . tom ( to Anna ) no no , stay . stay . they stand in silence . Tom turn to Rachel . tom do you need a drink ? rachel no . Tom notice Rachel 's hand be shaking slightly . he cover they with he own hand . tom yeah you do . Tom go to the fridge and pull out a fifth of vodka . he fill a glass . rachel all that thing that you say I do . that terrible thing . I do not do any of they . Anna say nothing . he walk over to Rachel with glass . rachel ( cont 'd ) you just watch I suffer . you make I feel so worthless . you make I think that everything be my fault . Anna say nothing . Tom slide the vodka in front of Rachel . ( continued ) 88. continued : tom drink it . rachel you tell I I get you fire . but , I do not . she look beyond Tom to Anna who be listen behind he with evie . rachel ( cont 'd ) you know , I see martha on the train ? tom drink it . Tom throw the newly pour drink at Rachel . vodka drip from she face . not back down , she look to Anna . rachel i_saw martha on the train . and she tell I that you be fire because you be fuck everyone in the office ! Tom smashes the glass on Rachel 's head . she fall hard to the floor . her eye close . evie begin cry . fade to black . ext . STREET near underpass - dusk Rachel 's memory slowly fade back in . the moment when megan be walk away from she . this time we stay with megan as she reach Tom 's car . megan Rachel 's down there . tom wait here . he head down the underpass and disappear . megan stand next to Tom 's car . wait . finally , he emerge from the tree next to the underpass . tom you want to get in the car ? megan what 's go on ? ( continued ) 89 . continued : tom do not worry about it . come on . they drive away . at the other end of the underpass , Rachel drag herself out of the ditch and watch they leave . int . tom 's car - moment later Tom glance over at megan . tom okay , I be here . what be it ? megan I just want to go to the wood . megan stare out the window at the tree as they drive deeper into the wood . rain drop obscure the image . there 's a sadness to megan . ext . forest - dusk Tom and megan walk through the tree in the rain . megan lead he . tom 's Pov : megan run ahead and turn around , smile like a siren . tom ( playful ) what be it with you crazy woman ? now , megan lean against the tree that she and Tom have sex against . megan 's memory : megan have sex against the tree . but now the man 's face be no longer obscure . we see it be Tom . megan 's memory : megan and Tom have sex in the hotel room . megan 's memory : Tom have sex with megan in the nursery , evie watch from she crib . a music box lullaby play . back in forest : Tom be now press up against megan . he kiss she . the lullaby continue in the background . Water drip from a branch onto megan 's face , bring she back to herself . tom be this what you want ? ( continued ) continued : 90 . he unbutton he pants and begin to tug at she jeans . megan no . Tom smirk and spin she around so she 's face the tree . tom like this ? megan gently push he back and turn to he . a moment . megan struggle with how to articulate something . tom what ? megan I be pregnant . Tom 's face be blank . megan say nothing . tom congratulation . megan I think you should know . tom you think I should know ? megan there 's a chance it could be yours . Tom stare at she a beat . tom then get a abortion . or if it 's Scott 's , do whatever you want . but if it 's not then ... get rid of it . Tom walk away from megan at the tree . megan cross from the tree . megan you can be as involved as you want . Tom tense up . tom ( soften ) you be a shitty nanny . what make you think you be gonna be a good mother ? ( continued ) 91 . continued : megan why do you bring I there in the first place ? tom because I think it would be fun to have you both around . Tom grab megan 's hand and try to pull she back to the car . megan yank away . megan I play you game so you could fuck I in between evie 's playdate . tom I do not need another kid . certainly not with you . he turn and start to walk away . megan I take care of you kid to be near you ! megan push Tom hard . he stumble forward and onto the ground . megan you fuck Anna because you could not fuck Rachel anymore ! and you fuck I because you could not fuck Anna ! take we all away and you be just a pathetic , impotent man ! Tom shove megan backwards into the ground . her head slam into a rock . blood spill onto the forest floor . Tom stand over megan . all be silent . she 's dizzy and disorient . after a moment - megan you be not gonna get rid of I . you be gonna pay for this child for the rest of you life -- Tom raise he foot and smashes he heel hard into megan 's head . then he raise he foot and do it again . megan lie still . ( continued ) 92 . continued : Tom look around to see that they be alone . he grab megan by she foot and drag she back to the uproote tree . Tom shove megan under the root ball . she stir . her eye look back at he . she begin to scream . Tom spot a rock on the forest floor . a resolve settles on Tom 's face . he have to finish this . he grip the rock ... he lean under the root ball and smashes megan 's head again . and again . int . tom and anna's kitchen - day close on : Rachel 's face rest on the kitchen floor . slowly she open she eye and see Tom on the couch . he gaze at she . after a long pause -- tom you be like a dog . like one of that unwanted , mistreate dog . you can kick they , but they keep come back to you . think that somehow if they be good -- rachel you be not do this again . tom -- you will love they . weak , Rachel manage to sit , she back against the kitchen counter . rachel this be what you do . you be not do this to I . tom you bring this on yourself , Rachel . if you have just stay away that one night ... just leave we all alone . you bring this on megan ... in a way , you kill she . a long silence between they . rachel but I do not . ( beat ) you do . Rachel bolt out of the kitchen , grab the corkscrew off the refrigerator . ( continued ) 93 . continued : just as she reach the front door , Tom catch she and begin to choke she . drop the cork -screw , Rachel try to pry he hand from she neck . tom you do this to I in we marriage . you make I fuck crazy . still choke she , Tom drive she to she knee . Rachel look up the stair to see ... Anna -- stare blankly as Tom continue to choke Rachel . Rachel plead for help with she eye but Anna just stare back with little emotion . tom do you have any idea what it 's like to be marry to a fuck blur ? Tom force she head to the floor . quickly lose consciousness , Rachel flail she arm , search for the corkscrew . her hand find a umbrella stand . she grab the leg of the stand and swing the entire unit toward Tom , strike he head . daze , Tom let go . grabbing the corkscrew , Rachel run back down the hall and out the back door . ext . tom and anna's backyard - continuous Rachel run through the backyard , towards the back fence and the train track . Tom chase after , catch up to she , and grab she by the arm . he yank she backwards , hard . Rachel reel on he , swinging she other arm around toward he with a clench fist ... jamming the corkscrew into tom 's neck . .-.- Tom stare straight at Rachel . blood spurt from he wound ! still stand Tom lean into Rachel . each be force to place they arm around each other in a awkward embrace . blood continue to flow from he neck . together they lower to they knee on the lawn . Anna watch in shock from the upstairs window . Rachel let go of Tom . he fall to the ground . Rachel rise and turn to the train as it barrel past on the track . ( continued ) 94 . continued : Rachel turn to see Anna walk towards a squirming Tom . the woman lock eye . Anna fall to she knee beside Tom . Rachel slowly approach . Anna be not try to stop the bleed at all ... ... instead anna be twisting the corkscrew deeper and deeper into tom 's neck . Tom die . Anna stand . the two woman face each other in silence . ext . tom and anna 's house - later detective riley and gaskill escort Anna and Rachel to a wait squad car . Rachel look up to see Scott stand in the lawn next door . Scott stare at Rachel stop she in she track . she and Scott share a know look . without word , much be say and forgiven . int . police station - later same day riley and two Police officer lead Rachel and Anna into the station . as they be lead into different room , Rachel and Anna share one final glance . they be now tie together , forever bound , by the storey they tell . int . interrogation room - later riley and gaskill videotape Rachel 's statement . rachel I have no choice . he be ... he would have kill I . I never want to hurt he . it be self - defense . push in on riley , we turn to see Anna be now at the table , give she statement . anna she have no choice . Tom would have kill she . I see the whole thing . Rachel be right about megan . she be right about everything . 95 . ext . cemetery - day Rachel , look more put together than we have see , make she way towards a low headstone : '' megan hipwell 1990- 2016 '' she silently pay she respects . rachel ( v.o. ) we be tie forever now , the three of we . ext . central park , untermyer fountain - day Rachel sit , sketching before the Dancing Maids Fountain . the fountain be not flow . rachel ( v.o. ) bound forever by the story we share . close shot on : the Three maid 's face and dance body , preserve as a relic of the past . ext . train track , ardsley-on -hudson - morning tree blur as the train roll by . int . train - same time Rachel sit look out the window of the train . she see the house on beckett Road drift by as the train pass , then turn to look out the other window . rachel ( v.o . ) today , I sit in a different car . and I look ahead . anything be possible . because I be not the girl I use to be . ext . train track - same the train continue onward , curving along the river to disappear beyond the tree . fade out .