the brady bunch moule a screenplay by sherwood schwartz and Lloyd J. schwartz December 29 , 1992 third draft - polish fade in : " brady " theme over MAIN title credit the familiar checkerboard " brady " blue , just as we oney see at the beginning of the television show . carol , marcia , jan , cindy , all pop onto the screen ; then mike , greg , peter , bobby , pop onto the screen , and we be amaze at the similarity of the new brady to the original brady . Mike and greg sport the 1970 's big curly hair , and Peter and Bobby 's hair be long , too . Carol have she fli which all America remember . marcia and Jan have they beautiful long hair as before , and Cindy " the youngest one in curl " . Jan wear glass as she do in the later episode . as the theme continue they all look around in every direction . then alice , in she unremovable blue uniform , take she place in the center box just as the theme end . : end MAIN title credit ext . brady house - day - establishing the very familiar brady house in all its suburban glory . int . boy 's bedroom - day - close angle - bathroom door greg 's fist pound on the door , and we pull back and widen to see the frustrated greg , Peter , and Bobby -- as well as the familiar bunk bedd boy 's bedroom . the boy be in robe and pajamas . _ greg marcia , will you come out of there ? we have to get ready to rehearse ! peter yeah ! stop brush you hair ! bobby marcia , I have get to go ! int . kide 's bathroom marcia . . sixty - three , sixty - four , sixty - five ... int . girl 's bedroom on this side of the door , Jan and Cindy -- in pajamas -- be equally antsy and huddle at the door . continued continued jan . , we want to get in there , marcia . we have get hair , too , you know . Cindy pull she own trademark pigtail in opposite direction . cindy ( fluffing she curl ) I have get hair on both side . int . kide 's bathroom marcia seventy -two , seventy - three , seventy - four ... int . boy 's bedroom Bobby be dance from one foot to another foot . greg see Bobby 's dam be about to burst . Bobby start toward the window . greg - Bobby , not out the window ! cuT to ext . brady backyard - day ( note : a word about the backyard : it 's exactly the same as the brady yard we remember . except it 's real grass instead of articial turf ; a real backyard . ) in addition to the usual brady object in the backyard , the yard be cluttere with remnant of various episode ; a teeter - totter , greg 's surfboard , a club house , and , of course , Tiger 's doghouse . TIGER , who have be lose after the first -season 's episode , have find he way back home for this film . one major addition have be make to the backyard . it 's a practice platform for the brady kid to rehearse they song and dance number . _ it 's about a foot high and ten by six , with different size circular platform for each of the kid to stand on . angle - toward house as all six brady kid stream out ‘of the family room now dress in regular 1973 clothes ; bellbottom pants , mini-skirt , etc . they be jabber excitedly as they head for the rehearsal platform . greg Pete , punch the button , Peter cross to a tape recorder ( 1973 version ) and start the music accompaniment . then he quickly hop up on the platform with the rest of the kid as the music start . various angle - musical number open credit roll as the brady kid rehearse the number . they each have half a jump rope to simulate a mike and cord . Jan sing the lead . angle - greg as the music end , greg shut off the tape recorder . end credit jan there ! I do the lead , and I be really good . greg yeah , but we be not do that song in the contest . we be do " good time Music " . jan ( snidely ) oh , where you and marcia have the lead . marcia that 's right , Jan . jan that 's how it always be . marcia sing the lead vocal . marcia get the lead in the school play . marcia get a new boyfriend . marcia , marcia , marcia ! peter Jan , cheer up . they be not let I sing lead vocal either . marcia that 's because we want to win . you voice crack like a break mirror . 's continued continued marcia sing a impression of Peter 's voice crack in " time to Change " . + marcia '' ( sing and crack ) when it 's time to change , then it 's time to change ... peter look who think she 's a prima dona . angle - the two youngest bradys cindy what 's a prima dona ? bobby {not know either ) everybody know what a prima dona be . do not you know anything , Cindy ? cindy n sure . I know that you - do not know what a prima dona be either . Cindy stick she tongue out at he . meanwhile : _ greg look , this be the amateur final at the Hollywood bowl . and we have to win first prize . we have get to put we best face forward . jan : what 's the matter with my face ? marcia / would you like that in alphabetical order ? Jan fly at marcia and grab she hair and start to pull . in return , marcia grab Jan 's hair , and start to pull . there 's a lot of yell as greg and Peter try to pull the girl apart . int . brady kitchen Carol and Alice be at the stove in the good old orange and olive color kitchen , circa 1973 . they can see the backyard through the window in the de . they can also hear the racket . continued continued alice a re do not sound much like music to I , . Mrs. brady . carol I would better go out there , and put some harmony into the act . as Alice stir something on the stove , Carol stride '' !* purposefully to the backyard . ext . brady backyard as Carol enter , and move quickly toward Jan and marcia , who be still tug at each other 's hair . Carol get between they . carol Girls , cut this out ! as the girl separate : marcia , Jan start it . a jan no , I do not . marcia start it . the . day I be bear . bs carol we be brady . brady do not fight with each other . a that be magic word . marcia / jan ( contritely ) sorry , mom. carol now why do not you change into you - regular clothes , so you 's 1ll be ready for dinner when dad get home ? now that order have be restore , Carol return to the house . dissolve to ext . brady house - night - establishing shot int . brady live room take a look around . it 's exactly as remember , from a the open-step stairway to the ceramic horse . Carol be in the alcove at the dining room table and be fluffing up the floral centerpiece -- one of she primary occupation . angle ~ the door Mike enter with he briefcase and call out the expect ... mike hi , honey , I be home . back to scene perk up at the news , she meet he in the center of the room . she kiss he . he savor it . mike ( continue ) with greeting like that , I should stop sy by two or three time a : day . carol * just what I tell the milkman . they share a laugh . Mike put down he briefcase . mike well , which one of the kid need a lecture ? carol how have you guess ? mike no guess . between we , we have get six kid . somebody always need a lecture . carol ° Jan. po '' mike marcia , marcia , marcia ? _ carol ( confirm ) marcia , marcia , marcia . flip to of int . mike 's den - night the small room just off the live room . it 's down three step to the loveseat and draft table . it 's the brady equivalent of the wood shed . Jan be hearing it from Mike and Carol . jan marcia , marcia , marcia . that 's all I hear . it 's enough to make I puke . mike brady do not talk like that . jan sorry , dad , but it 's just not fair . she 's get pretty hair , and a pretty face . I have get glass and brace . carol you have also get a family that love you . jan Big wow . mike Jan , right now marcia seem to have it all . : carol that 's right , sweetheart . you turn will come . jan that 's what you have be tell I since I be two . mike : you just have to be patient . there 's a old chinese proverb , " patience be the great virtue " . jan yeah ? well , I be sick of be virtuous , too . with that , Jan storm out of the roon . angle - mike and carol carol I know just how she feel . when I be a little girl , I feel the same way about my sister . mike you do not have a sister . continued continued carol ' not anymore . I kill she . i Mike hit she with a sofa pillow . cuT to | ext . chino prison - establishing shot to show guard tower , etc . - night music : ( " ring of FIRE " or " folsom blue " - johnny cash ) camera zeroe in on outside prison wall and dirt area camera move in further to show there be movement in the dirt . then more movement . then the dirt seem to be fall back into the prison . then we see a big kitchen spoon . then the hand hold the spoon . the hand have a distinctive tattoo with the number : 1,2,3 , hand etched . wider shot - camera move wider '' as the crewcutted rocky pull himself out of the hole into freedom outside the prison wall . he be dress in traditional prison clothes . then clarence , a huge Black convict , emerge after Rocky . wider still screeching up in a 1964 valiant be Rocky 's nineteen year old son , junior . barely slow down , junior open up the passenger side door . : junior let 's go , dad . then junior see clarence . junior a ( continue ) . who 's he ? rocky never mind . let 's move it . Rocky and clarence jump in . as the car speed away , siren go off in the prison , and searchlight scan the area . cuT to ext . country road - night junior . | you never say there have be two of you . rocky clarence be my cellmate . and he deserve a break today . clarence do not say anything . he have a hulk presence and rarely speak . rocky ( continue ) you bring everything ? junior hand Rocky a package . he open it and take out two gun and a six pack of beer . junior there it be , dad . one six pack and two gun . I guess the other gun be for clarence . rocky good guess , kid . Rocky realize which car they be in . rocky _ ( continue ) this be the car I buy you , be not it " junior yeah . rocky very smart . bust I out in you own car . they 's 1ll tag we for sure . : junior I do not have much experience drive a getaway car . okay ? rocky just drive , smart ass . junior turn from he father and speed along faster . cuT to ext . CITY STREET - night a black and white be park . two policemen be lean back , relax , they hat push back . continued 10 continued cop # 1 : finally , a few minute '' ' to relax . cop # 2 yeah . it 's be a rough night . police dispatcher ( v.o. ) all unit , be on the lookout for a escape prisoner , Rocky Portugal . he be believe to be armed and dangerous and in he son 's blue valiant , license plate mrt 874 and travel west from chino . escape with Portugal be clarence dawkin , former bodyguard to crime kingpin , willy the mongoose . cop # 1 can not guy bust out in the morning ? new angle the valiant scream down the street and pass the cop car . back to scene the cop can not believe that it 's the escape vehicle . cop # 2 mrt 874 ! thar she blow . various angle - the chase music : hard drive 1970 's song ( " born to be wild " steppenwolf ) junior be a good driver and manage to elude the cop . he cut off a car , and make a hard leave onto the Santa monica freeway head west to the Pacific Coast highway . then under the overpass and onto the coast route itself . the cop come alongside , but junior use a move van as interference to lose they as the pursuer go up the coast and junior speed up the ramp . cuUT to ext . santa monica road - night . junior well , we lose they . continued 11 continued rocky like hell ! we better blow off this bus . Rocky see a cliff to the side . rocky ( continue ) pull over . junior do so . then the boy see the cliff and understand he father 's plan . junior come on , dad . the car 's get sentimental value . rocky just get out . if you can not say goodbye to you wheel , leave the drivin’ to I . clarence get out . then junior get out . Rocky hand he son the beer and gun . angle - the blue valiant Rocky step on the gas , and careen toward the cliff . just before the car go over , Rocky bail out and tumble to the ground . the car sail through the air then smashes t9 the ground where it break apart and burst into flame . aangle - rocky and junior Rocky get up and dust himself off as junior walk up to he . junior look distraught . angle ~ clarence he smile as he enjoy watch the car explode . . back to scene Rocky take back the gun and beer . rocky do not be get teary , junior . as long as we get gun , we can always get another car . continued we 12 continued junior I have some book and drawing in the back seat . Rocky take a fold map from he pocket . rocky the only draw you ever make worth spit be this map of the prison . you get every one of they pipe and wire in the right place , or I and clarence never coulda dig we way out . clarence join they . rocky ( continue ) right , clarence ? clarence nod . Rocky pocket the draw and start off down the street . junior and clarence follow . cuut to ext . clinton avenue - night Rocky , junior and clarence move down the block . Rocky seem to be look for something . junior they all look the same to I . rocky we need the right house . we need money , and we need a car . angle - house - pan shot - rocky 's Pov Rocky and junior look at the house and the camera linger at the brady house . it seem to have a faint glow around it , and the mute strain of the " brady " theme make it even more obvious what they choice will be . back to scene rocky that 's the house , junior . junior you sure ? continued 13 continued rocky sure , I be sure . whoever life here have gotta have car , and plenty of dough . junior and clarence follow as Rocky go down the driveway and into the backyard . ext . brady backyard they pause at the garage and look inside . rocky ( whisper ) six bicycle ? six kid ? they gotta be crazy . Rocky and junior move to the far side of the backyard and case the joint . clarence hang back , as a lookout , listen for any unusual sound . rocky ( continue ) this place be perfect .... we’1ll hang out till morning . after the kid go to school , we 'il move in , take some money , some clothes , grab a car and get out . angle - TIGER the brady 's sheepdog , Tiger , come out of he doghouse , see the two intruder and start bark . Rocky raise a gun , and aim it at Tiger . junior pull he arm down . junior dad , it 's just a dog . Tiger ignore the warning and keep bark . cuT to int . mike and carol 's bedroom Mike and Carol hear Tiger and wake up . they turn on the lamp on the nightstand . both of they bathrobe be carefully laid out on the foot of he bed . carol Mike , be that Tiger ? mike it must be . that 's the only dog we have get . continued 14 continued carol : want to go see what 's bother he ? . . | obey she suggestion , he get out of bed , put on one sleeve of he robe , then think better of it . mike why do not we give it a minute ? chance be Tiger just see a squirrel or something . CUT back to ext . brady backyard Tiger be still hold Rocky , junior and clarence at bay . junior people would hear a shot , dad . some food would keep he quiet . rocky hey , we get better thar food . with that , Rocky take a beer can , pop the top , and pour some in Tiger 's water dish . Tiger immediately shut up , lap up the lager and hiccup . CUT back to int . mike and carol 's bedroom - angle - mike he react to the fact that Tiger stop bark . mike see ? I tell you it be nothing . ( then , romantically ) . but as long as Tiger wake we up -- Mike start to take off he robe , then hop into bed . he ease over toward Carol 's side , then react as he see Carol be fast asleep . he shrug , and prepare for a less active night . CUT to int . girl bedroom - night music : ( '' everything be beautiful " ~ ray steven or " go away little girl " - donny osmond ) continued 15 continued as camera survey the room . as ' see in the first scene , each wall area be individualized for the child sleep in the bed underneath it . Cindy have the pretty picture of a cat . marcia have a picture of darryl , and Jan have a evil punk rock poster . slow pan of the sleep girl . Cindy be sleep with she favorite doll , Kitty karry - all . marcia have a angelic smile . when the camera reach Jan , she eye be open . she have a diabolical look and quietly sneak out of bed . she cross to the desk and remove a pair of wick look scissors . she skulk back to the sleep marcia . Jan take the scissors and -- miraculously without waking marcia -- cut away at she older sister 's long blonde hair . angle - cindy Cindy awaken , and see Jan hover " norman bate - like " over marcia . cindy ( in a horrify whisper ) Jan , what be you do ? new angle as Jan continue to cut marcia 's lock ... jan something I should have do a long time ago . cindy you should not do that to marcia . she 's so pretty . jan yeah ? well , I be a little sick of everybody tell I how pretty marcia be . cindy stop it . stop it right now . jan you know something ? you really bug I , too . Jan cross quickly to Cindy and -- with a well - time snip -- clip off one of Cindy 's pigtail . twirl it like a trophy she hop back to she bed and settles down victoriously . continued 16 continued cindy Jan , no ! Jan , no ! Cindy scream . this wake up the shorn marcia who feel she head and cross to the mirror . she scream in anguish . now marcia and Cindy be both scream and Jan be smile . finally ... marcia Jan ! Jan ! close angle - jan in bed with a content smile , Jan be blissfully asleep . marcia ( v.0 . ) ( continue ) Jan ! Jan , wake up , for school . new angle we pull back and discover it be . all a dream . both marcia and Cindy have all they hair . dan look at both of they . jan darn it . marcia what 's the matter ? jan I be just dream . marcia be it a nightmare ? . jan : no . best dream I ever have . _ as Jan get out of bed and head for the bathroom ... jan ( continue ) greg , Peter , Bobby ... you better not be in there . I have get to go . she enter . cut to 17 ext . brady house - establishing - day theme over . CUT inside to int . brady kitchen - day angle - the chart take up a good portion of the wall be the activity chart . each of the kid have a column , and write in be the day 's activity . on Sunday , church be for each , but the other day have cheerlead practice , Little League , football practice , glee club , drama class , sunflower Girls , Frontier scout , etc. , etc. pull back to find Alice make breakfast . she have a plate of hotcake and put they on the table . she whistle she Alice whistle . alice hotcakes , everybody ! Alice then step to the entranceway to the kitchen , and await the thunder herd . Peter be first . alice ( continue ) you / be always first , Peter . peter I like to get ‘em when they be hot . he sit down and start to eat immediately . angle - the entranceway now , everyone else enter the kitchen , and take they place at the table . alice I have get hotcake for everyone -- that be if Peter decide to leave you any . carol no hotcake for I , Alice . I be watch my figure . marcia I , too . jan I , too . continued continued 18 alice Jan , do not you think you should have a figure before you start watch it ? jan thanks , Alice . that 's just what I need . mike how 's rehearsal go , gang ? greg Real groovy , dad . cindy yeah . and if we win the big amateur night contest , we will be able to -- close shot - under the table as greg kick Cindy 's foot . angle - the table : mike you 'il be able to what ? greg ( try to cover ) we will be able to win . like you always say , dad . '' there 's more to win than come in first . " mike well put , greg. carol be you go to rehearse this afternoon ? greg not today . I have get football practice . marcia I have get cheerlead practice . jan I have get detention . peter I be bring in my volcano for the science fair . I be hope for a major eruption . continued '' } 7 19 continued carol then you better rehearse you number tomorrow before the show . cindy my sunflower girl troop be meeting here . bobby I have get my Little League game . mike you know , kid , Stephen mackenna once say , '' all good be gain by that whose thought and life be keep point to '' one main thing , not scattered abroad upon a thousand " ... angle - carol and bobby as they react to this philosophy . bobby who 's Stephen mackenna ? - carol someone very famous , Bobby . you know you father only quote very famous people . previous shot mike while you nre do all this thing , the other act will be rehearse . cindy thank goodness we be very talented . greg . we will rehearse tonight , dad . after dinner . angle - peter he be watch the tv on the counter . peter hey , look at this . a couple of guy escape from prison by digging under the wall . 20 back to scene jan right on . bobby " right on ? " when they get catch , they 's 11l lose any chance of parole . angle - tv newscaster Rocky Portugal and clarence dawkin be believe to be in the Santa monica area . Portugal be a male caucasion , and have a distinctive tattoo with the number 1 - 2 - 3 on he right hand . dawkin be a large Black man , with a scar on he leave cheek . on the screen be a picture of Rocky , and then one of clarence . newscaster in other news , some survivor of the air crash in the ande : Mountains admit to eat other victim who have freeze . they say it be only as a last resort but that they friend taste kind of like -- back to scene Carol quickly turn off the tv so the child will not hear the rest of the report . marcia how gross . jan I think it 's neat . marcia , would not you rather eat Cindy than die ? cindy Mom , tell Jan to stop . carol Jan , it 's not nice to talk about eat you sister . mike you mother 's right . not at breakfast anyway . Mike look at he watch and realize he 's late . continued 21 continued mike ( continue ) get to run . the big Riverside project . carol . we nve all get to go . let 's head they up and move they out . alice all right . all luncheater line up . the kid get ina line , and Alice grab a lunch at a time and like a pitching machine deliver it to the proper child . Bobby and Cindy be the only one with lunch box . carol I all be home this afternoon , Alice . I have get my anti-smoke committee or my anti-grafitti committee . I be not sure exactly , but I know it 's my anti- - something committee . the family all adlib good - by to ) Alice and leave . they exit through the ... int . brady family room and cross through before exite into ... ext . brady backyard the brady family cross to the two car . Mike take greg and marcia . Carol take Peter , Jan , Bobby and Cindy . they buckle they seat belt and drive out , and we pan to the edge of the garage where Rocky and junior step out . rocky there really be six kid . what be they think ? junior okay . everybody 's go . let 's get in , and get out . rocky that 's my boy . but first ... Rocky add a little more beer to Tiger 's water dish . Tiger immediately start to lap it up . then Rocky and junior move to the family room door and enter . 22 int . kitchen Alice finish clear the table and go into she room . just as she exit , Rocky and junior enter the kitchen . a near miss . they stop to munch on a few leftover hotcake . they think they be alone in the house now . Rocky look around critically . i rocky a orange kitchen ? how can anybody eat in here ? cuT to int . alice 's bedroom a spartan may 's room with a smile picture of Sam tuck into the mirror . also , a picture of Alice with the brady family on the dresser . Alice enter and go to she phone on the nightstand . she start to dial . intercut int . SAM 's butcher shop SAM , the butcher and Alice 's longtime boyfriend , be help a customer , mrs . stone , in he small establishment . SAM be this lamb chop fresh , Mrs. Stone ? last night while I be sleep , I count they jump over the fence . Sam laugh at he own joke . mrs . stone Sam , you be lucky . the meat be always fresher than you joke . SAM ( laugh ) that will be six -fifty . Sam take the money as the phone ring . he answer it as the customer exit . intercut int . alice 's bedroom SAM hiya , Alice . what can I do for my girl this morning ? continued 23 continued alice : I just call to remind you about tomorrow night . . SAM no need to remind I . 1/11 be there with my bowl ball and my 136 average . alice Sam , nobody bowl at the Hollywood bowl . the kid be compete in the final of the amateur contest . SAM I know , but Alice , what about my team ? you do not want I to let down the bowl butcher . alice ( sarcastically ) of course not , Sam . SAM oh , Alice . that 's not.fair . I go to see marcia in Romeo - and juliet ; I go to see the brady in the school talent show . heck , I even act in snow White and the Seven dwarf . I have get my own life , too , Alice . the whole world do not revolve around the brady . alice Fine , Sam . and you know what you can do with you bowl ball . she hang up . end intercut int . brady kitchen Rocky and junior be eat the last of the leftover breakfast food . camera follows they as they exit the kitchen and cross into the live roon . rocky hey , look at this place ! some of this stuff could be worth a fortune . clarence pick up the ceramic horse . Rocky tap it . rocky ( continue , disgust ) plaster of paris . junk . continued 24 continued junior pick up " the vase " . junior | maybe this be worth something . junior examine it . junior ( continue ) no . it 's break , and glue back together . rocky the only thing I hate worse than rich guy be cheap rich guy . he smashes the vase for spite . Rocky lead the other toward the stair . rocky ( continue ) while we be wait for Mom to come back with the car , let 's scope out the rest of the place . ae as soon as they disappear around the upstairs hallway , Alice enter with a dust rag . she find the piece of the vase , shake she head . alice Peter , you be in trouble again . she put the piece back together and move up the stairway , dusting the banister on she way up . int . mike and carol 's bedroom Rocky be open all the drawer . he look through a jewelry box , find several gold chain . he hand they to clarence , who bite on they , and shake he head . rocky the guy be too cheap to buy he wife real gold . he 's keep it all in cash someplace . junior why do not we just grab a car and go ? why do we need so much money ? rocky clarence have some friend who can make we some fake i.d. 's and passport , so we can get out of the country . continued ved } 25 continued clarence they want cash . junior some world . nobody trust anybody . : Rocky pull the cover off the bed and check under the mattress . they find nothing very valuable . he look in Mike 's closet , pull out some drab sport jacket . rocky one thing for sure , the clown 's not spend it on clothes . he throw the clothes down . junior maybe he 's hide it in some other room . rocky come on . all three exit Mike and Carol 's bedroom and enter the upstairs hallway . int . upstair hallway they walk toward the girl 's bedroom . as soon as they pass the walk - in linen closet , Alice exit into the hallway with a armload of towel and sheet . she do not see then ; nor they she . they enter the girl 's bedroom . Alice enter Mike and Carol 's bedroom . int . mike and carol 's bedroom Alice put she load down on the bureau and look at the mess that Rocky have make . alice Mr. and Mrs. brady never leave they room like this before . maybe they really get into it . maybe Mr. brady tore off she clothes , and throw she on the floor and -- ( react ) Mr. and Mrs. brady ??? nahhh !!... she shake she head and go to work straighten up . ees 27 int . girl 's bedroom | Alice freeze as she hear the toy from the other room . see and speak ( v.o. ) " a duck go quack , quack . " Alice look around for a weapon in the girl 's bedroom . all she can find be a umbrella with a 60 's flower design . scare , but determine , she start through the bathroom to the boy 's bedroom . she knocks} into the desk as she go . int . boy 's bedroom Rocky freeze as he hear the noise from the boy 's bedroom . rocky ( whisper ) we have get company . ( then loudly ) we have get gun ! int . bathroom oy Alice be terrify . she open the umbrella . alice | yeah ? well , I have get a umbrella . with that , she realize the folly|of she position and run out the door . int . upstair hallway Alice race for the stairway . Rocky , junior and clarence enter the hallway and follow she . int . live room _ in a desperate effort to escape , Alice slide down the banister . as she do , the umbrella pop open . junior and clarence follow as each slide down the banister and cut she off as Rocky point he gun at she as he walk down the stair . rocky hold it right there , Mary poppin . Alice stop in she track as . she get to the live room . Rocky , junior and clarence join she . continued 28 continued alice ( nervously ) you be not go to do anything to I , be you ? Rocky look at she -- not exactly he type of woman . rocky be you serious ? I be only in prison three year . | alice what do you want ? junior we want some money . rocky if you know what 's good for you , you better take we to the money . alice I do not know where it be . I be only the housekeeper . Mr. and Mrs. brady ? I hardly know they . heck , I can not even keep the kid straight . ; , greg , marcia , happy , bashful , dopey , prancer , donner , blitzen ? rocky have they get a safe ? alice how should I know ? Rocky make a more threaten gesture with he gun . Alice give in . alice ( continue ) right this way . Alice lead they back up the stair and through the hallway . int . mike and carol 's bedroom they enter . Alice cross to the dresser . over the dresser be a large portrait of the brady , the one along the stair . Alice swing the portrait away from the wall to reveal a wall safe . junior look at Mike 's architecture degree on the wall . continued nal 29 continued rocky now that 's more like it . what 's the combination ? alice I do not know . Rocky menace she with the gun again . alice + ( continue ) honest , I do not know . I be just the housekeeper . why else would I wear this dumb blue uniform ? think about it . would you tell you housekeeper the combination to you safe ? I could be a crook or something . ( realize ) not that I have anything against crook . junior indicate the frame degree . junior they get to have money : . the guy 's a architect . alice too bad the safe will not open . I guess you will be run along , huh ? rocky bad guess . we be go to wait for Mr. and Mrs ..... junior brady . rocky right . brady . alice they be not expect home for a long long time . rocky then it will be a long long wait . cuT to int . westdale high athletic field - sideline 30 music : " be true to you school " - the beach boy close angle - marcia . marcia , the head cheerleader ( what else ? ) be lead the cheerlead squad in a B - E ~ a - R - S cheer with a lot of kick and pompom . all be real cute . miss standfast , the cheerlead advisor come over to the girl . miss standfast now , girl , that be very good . but if you all pay attention to marcia , you 's 1l1 see how to do it exactly right . marcia ? marcia do it again , but add a incredible flourish with a handspring and a cartwheel . angle - the three other cheerleader ( wendy , betsy and KIMBERLY they react . no way can they do what marcia do . one of they raise she hand . at wendy . miss standfast , do we have to do that stuff at the end ? miss standfast no , Wendy . nobody can do that , except for marcia ... and , of course , I in my day . angle - marcia she smile and comb she long blonde hair . back to scene KIMBERLY come. on . let 's go check out greg brady . the girl move over to watch football practice . cuT to angle - the field the westdale football team be exercise on the field . greg be the halfback and listen to the coach who be outline the play to the offense . the defense wait for the offense to come to the line of scrimmage . continued 31 continued coach : okay , man , this be Red B eleven . we be go to need this in the opener against the razorback . Taylor , you fake the . handoff to brady . Roll to you right . brady block the defensive end and you complete to petrie cut across . okay , man . hit it . the offense clap and move to the line of scrimmage . new angle - the play Taylor , the quarterback , execute the play perfectly . it pick up twelve against the defense . the backfield regroup around the coach . back to scene coach once we run this , they 's 1ll be look for it . from the same . ' formation , Taylor will fake the ball to brady again , petrie you do you thing across the middle , but brady will drift into the flat and get a quick pass from Taylor . brady should have a clear path up the sideline . it 's Blue B eleven . hit it . back to scene they clap again and hit the line of scrimmage . the play work . greg block , then drift , take the pass and do a nifty run for a touchdown against the defensive tean .. after greg spiral the ball back to the quarterback , he be surround by the three pretty cheerleader . wendy well , greg , all ready for the razorback next weekend ? greg sure be . wendy so be we. ( then , whisper ) can we still count on you help ? greg ( also whisper ) nobody know about it ? continued 32 continued betsy for nobody . not even marcia . she have never approve . she 's a brady . greg so be I . KIMBERLY but you be not a brady like she 's a brady . greg you be right about that . i/ 11 pick you up tomorrow . greg leave the mysterious conversation , and trot back to the huddle . cuT to ext . . brady backyard - day - angle - driveway as Carol drive in in she station . wagon . she carry grocery . she walk to the screen door at the family room and enter . . int . family room Carol walk through on she way to the kitchen . carol Alice ?! int . brady kitchen Carol enter and put down the package . still no sign of Alice . . carol ( continue ) Alice ?! she start shelving the grocery . one of the grocery be a bottle of wesson oil . carol . I can not believe we be run out of this . we 33 int . brady live room with Mike 's belt , Alice be tie ’'to one of the dining room chair which have be move to the center of the room . she be gag . carol ( v.0 . ) Alice ?! Alice try a muffle response . int . brady kitchen Carol be puzzle that Alice have not answer . she decide to see what the matter be and cross to the ... int . brady live room Carol enter and see Alice on the chair . carol Alice , what in the world ? what happen ? be Sam here ? what 's go still gag , Alice attempt to answer . only mumble sound emerge no matter how hard Alice try . Carol start to untie Alice . rocky ( v.0 . ) maybe we can answer that . angle - rocky , junior and clarence - carol 's Pov they be at the top of the landing . Rocky be now wear Mike 's clothes . junior be wear greg 's clothes -- which he be a little too big for . clarence be practically busting out of one of Mike 's suit . rocky ( continue ) it appear there be a break in , and the robber be still in the house . new angle the crook descend the staircase and approach Alice and Carol . Alice get out of the rest of the belt . carol be you all right , Alice ? Alice rub she wrist and ankle . continued 34 continued alice the worst part be not be able to talk . so I could tell ‘em what I think of they . carol I want you all out of my house this minute . : Rocky hold up he gun . clarence have the other gun , and hold it up as well . rocky that 's not what we want . the phone ring . Carol look at Alice who look at the man . rocky who answer the phone in this house ? carol if I be home , I do . rocky a you be home , be not you ? Carol go to the phone and look back at Rocky for instruction . rocky ( continue ) Act cool . carol ( on the phone ) hello . intercut int . mike 's architecture office Mike be at he desk . he be surround by all kind of renderings , model . most be mark " Riverside Project . " mike hi , honey . listen , I have just get a minute . there ’s.a folder mark '' Riverside file " on my desk . when greg get home , have he bicycle the file to my office . I need it this afternoon . okay ? continued 35 continued carol okay . ( then ) Mike ... mike yeah ? Rocky edge closer . what be Carol go to say ? : carol I love you . mike ( cutely ) I love you , too . bye , sweetheart . they both hang up . end intercut int . brady live room rocky - Nice performance , mon . alice why do not you just take the phone off the hook ? rocky people report phone that be out of order . Carol suddenly realize Rocky and clarence be wear Mike 's clothes . carol hey , you be wear my husband 's clothes . alice ( to junior ) and you be wear greg 's . junior ( tough ) so? carol nothing . we just notice . that 's all . alice and you look real good in they . continued 36 continued rocky : what say you two sit down while we wait for the rest of the family ? Troubled , Carol and Alice sit . cuut to int . fillmore junior high science lab - day with a poorly construct volcano model , Peter sit next to eugene a nerdish student who have fashioned a perfect model of a volcano . Peter have a small battery attach to he . Eugene and Peter wait for the instructor , mr . perkin , to check out they project . Mr. Perkins inspect Eugene 's first . . mr . perkin very nice , Eugene . eugene it 's model after mt. vesuvius . I even put little warning sign in Latin . mr . perkin let 's see it in action . Eugene put two wire from a nine volt battery together and the volcano make a sizeable eruption . Mr. Perkins mark a grade . mr . perkin very good , Eugene . he cross to Peter . mr . perkin now let 's see yours , Peter . peter mine be mt. vesuvius , too . mr . perkin - good . let 's see the eruption . Peter connect wire from a little battery . '' the volcano give one small pitiful bloop , and one little dribble . peter ( lamely ) I use a smail battery . as Mr. Perkins look at Peter 's weak attempt , he pick up Peter 's battery ... continued continued int . mike 37 mr . perkin remember this , Peter . the dynamics of a explosion be directly proportional to the influx of the voltage . peter what do that mean , Mr. Perkins ? mr . perkin the bigger the battery , the bigger the boom . cuT to and carol 's bedroom Carol , Alice , Rocky , junior and clarence be all at the safe . Carol be try to open it . Rocky have a gun on she . rocky Lady , I be tell you for the last time . open it ! carol of and I be tell you : I do not know the combination . rocky then we will just have to wait for Mr. brady to get home . ( heft the gun ) carol look , if you two will just leave now , we promise we will not say anything . here , take my credit card . rocky . / thanks , but clarence here do not look much like " Mrs. Carol brady " . besides , we need cash . carol take my car . I promise I will not say anything . rocky sure . as soon as we drive away , you have call the cop with the license number . carol no , I will not . I do not even know my license number . I be not even sure of the color , or the model , or the make or anything . continued 38 continued junior . dad , maybe we should try another house . this brady seem like nice people . alice we be . we be very nice people . of all the people we know , we be the nicest . rocky I do not trust nice people . carol Alice , we be not that nice . cuUT to ext . brady house - day greg be walk with he school book toward the house . the unsuspecting greg open the front door and enter . CUT inside to int . brady live room - entry area greg enter , throw he book onto the couch . greg hi , Mom , I be ho -- before he can complete the word , he be grab by junior and wrestle into the live room where he be throw onto the couch next to Carol and Alice . junior sorry if I hurt you . greg you do not hurt I , but when I get through with you , you 'il wish ... Carol stop greg by point to Rocky and clarence , who hold gun on then . rocky you x11 wish what , cowboy ? carol be cool , greg . they be just wait for you father to get home . greg what have dad do ? continued 39 continued carol nothing . junior you father be go to give we everything in the safe . Rocky stroll over to the window and look out . angle - darryl 's car - rocky 's Pov darryl pull up and park in front of the brady house . rocky ( v.0o . ) anybody you know have a red transam ? back to scene greg that 's darryl 's car . junior . darryl 's you brother ? carol no . he 's marcia 's new boyfriend . CUT outside to ext . brady house - front sidewalk music : ( " close to you " - the carpenter ) marcia and darryl be park in front of the house . it 's gooey pre-kissyface . darryl marcia , I dig you the most . . marcia I like you , too , darryl . darryl I have get something I want to show you . marcia ( misinterprete ) I will not look , darryl . we already talk about that . I be a brady . darryl I be talk about this . continued 40 continued he reach into the glove compartment and take out a picture . darryl ( continue ) you copy of the senior prom picture . I be so happy you be my date . marcia I be happy for you , too . darryl you sure look good . although no picture can do you justice . marcia yes . that be a problen . . darryl and I /11 see you Saturday night after the amateur show ? marcia well , I -- new angle greg appear at the car window . he tap on it . annoy , marcia roll down the window . marcia ( continue ) what be it ? greg ( urgently ) Mom want you to come inside right now . marcia what 's so important ? they look toward the house . angle - front door junior step out . he wave . back to scene darryl who 's that ? continued continued 41 marcia I do not know . greg marcia , you tell darryl about you new boyfriend , junior , do not you ? . darryl junior ? . marcia honestly , darryl , I do not know what greg 's talk about . _ greg come on in , marcia . you know how jealous junior get . marcia allow herself to be ushere toward the house as the perplex darryl drive away . angle - greg and marcia as marcia house . marcia 2 greg brady , I 'il never talk to you again as long as I live . greg that might be sooner than you think . be puzzle and she and greg disappear into the flip to int . brady live room it 's a quiet moment : as Rocky hold he gun on Carol , Alice , greg , and marcia . angle - the door Peter and Jan enter . they stop in they track in the entry area as they see what 's happen . rocky ( wave the gun ) come on in . join the party . Peter notice the hand hold the gun . continued 42 continued peter : hey , I see you on tv . the 1 - 2 -3 tattoo on you hand . you be Rocky Portugal . rocky that 's right , kid . peter and you break out of prison . that 's really cool . then Peter see clarence . peter and you 's bre clarence dawkin ? clarence just nod . peter ' ( continue ) wow ! rocky glad you be impressed , .kid . now why do not you sit down before I kill you ? Peter immediately sit on the couch with the other . Jan pass by junior . — jan ( to junior ) do you break out of prison , too ? junior no . ~ rocky but he 's my son , and he 's the guy who sprung I . and he 's as tough as we be . jan he 's kind of cute , too . Jan sit on the couch , very deliberately close to junior . angle - the front door Bobby and Cindy return home . both carry lunch box . they do not see what 's happen immediately and Cindy yell as she enter . cindy . Mom ! Bobby arrest I in school again . continued 43 continued bobby I have to , Mom ! she be run in the hall ! now they see Rocky and clarence hold gun on they family . Cindy respond with a loud scream ! she keep scream . rocky ( to Carol ) ~ Mom , . tell she to shut up . Carol go to Cindy . angle - carol and cindy carol thing be okay , sweetheart . cindy ( look at the gun ) no , they nre not . she scream again . t angle ~ the kitchen Tiger enter bark . he have hear the scream . he start for Rocky . angle - rocky , bobby and cindy rocky : junior , take care of the dog . bobby . please ! please do not hurt Tiger . cindy ( lisping away ) we will report you to the a.s.p.c.a. junior exit into the kitchen for a moment as Rocky guard the brady . angle - bobby he reach into he lunch box and pull out he water pistol . he aim it at Rocky . 44 back to scene bobby : might as well put down you weapon , mister . I have get a gun , too . Rocky look at Bobby . rocky yeah , but mine be not leak . Bobby look at he squirt gun . indeed , water be run out of it . Rocky take the gun from Bobby 's hand and squirt water in the little boy 's face . rocky ( continue ) folk , this be not no game . we do not care if we have to shoot all of you . Cindy scream again . everyone look at she . she stop . cindy I can not help it . get shot scare I . angle = junior and TIGER with Tiger at he heel , junior return with a beer can and a bowl . junior pop it open and pour it for Tiger who lap up the beer happily , belch and stagger off . back to scene carol you can not keep we here like this . rocky yes we can . you kid go to you room . if you try anything funny , you mommy be a memory . ext . brady house - late afternoon Mike brady drive he convertible into the driveway . CUT inside to int . live room he enter angrily . mike hi , honey , I be home . continued 4s continued Carol enter from the kitchen . carol Mike , I have something to tell you ... mike ( cut she off ) first , I have something to tell you . I make a simple request : have greg bring the Riverside drawing to my office . how tough be that ? they do not arrive , and I be meeting with that people tomorrow . the most important meeting in my life ! ( call off ) greg , I want to see you in my de ! Mike start to he de . carol but , Mike ... mike it ’1ll have to wait . Carol shrug as Mike disappear into the de . angle - the stairway greg appear . he pass Carol as he descend . greg do dad know ? carol not yet . int . mike 's den Mike be fume . greg enter . : greg dad ... mike when you lose my blueprint on you bike that time , I think you have learn some responsibility . but apparently , I be wrong . greg but dad ... continued 46 continued mike I be sorry , greg , but I be go to have to ground you for two week . booker T. Washington once say , " few thing help a individual more than to place - responsibility upon he , and to let he know you trust he . " well , you have fail that trust . greg but , . dad , there 's a reason . mike there be absolutely no excuse . absolutely none . rocky ( v.0 . ) Mr. brady ... Mike turn and see Rocky at the entrance to the de . Rocky have he gun point at then . mike ( weakly ) q well , maybe not " absolutely " . Rocky wave he gun at Mike . rocky let 's go , pop . mike what about the other kid ? be everybody okay ? greg everybody 's fine . rocky they 's 11 stay fine if you do what you be tell . Mike follow Rocky out of the de . cuT to int . brady family room clarence be hold a gan on Alice , marcia , Peter , Jan , Bobby , and Cindy . junior be in charge of this group . peter how long do you crook expect to hold we here ? continued x 47 continued junior you I be not a crook . my father be . bobby actually , break he out of prison and hold we like this make you a crook , too . junior but he 's my father . bobby tell that to the judge . junior you know how it be . you parent tell you to do something , you do it , and do not think about it because they be you parent . right , clarence ? clarence - do not know . I never have any parent . CUT to int . mike and carol ’‘s bedroom Mike be at the safe , but he stop before open it . Rocky , Carol and greg look on . mike i’ / m tell you : there 's nothing in here . rocky I find that tough to believe . mike there be thing in here , but nothing that you have be interested in . rocky open it up . Mike open it . Rocky push he out of the way . Rocky pull out item -- unusual item for a safe . the first be a large mayonnaise jar which he shake . rocky what 's this ? mike the kid 's baby tooth . now he pull out papers and a photo album . continued 48 continued rocky and this thing ? mike birth certificate , report card , letter the kid send we from camp . picture of we trip to Hawaii , the Grand Canyon and Cincinnati . rocky come.on ! where be the valuable ? mike that thing be valuable to we . Rocky be get angry . he grab Mike by the collar . greg try to pull Rocky away . Rocky shove greg roughly and greg fall back on the bed . Rocky now hold a menace gun on they both . mike ( continue ) be you okay , greg ? greg : yeah , I be okay . . rocky ( to Mike ) listen , clown , I be get sick of you and you goody - goody family . and you shine little face , and you report card and you jar of baby tooth and picture of Cincinnati . I want you money , and I want it now . mike I do not have any money . rocky . no money ? I do not get it , brady . you be a fancy architect , and you design a house with one bathroom for six kid , and force they to live three to a room . carol ( helpfully ) once he install a pay phone to cut down on we phone bill . we even do we own wallpaper . rocky that just prove he 's save all he dough . where be it , brady ? continued 49 continued ( 2 ) Rocky dig back into the safe , and pull out a bankbook , and hold it up triumphantly . rocky ( continue ) never mind . Rocky see the balance and whistle . . rocky ( continue ) so that 's where all you dough be . in first Federal . Carol look over Rocky 's shoulder , and be equally surprised by the large amount . Mike give she a embarrassed " i’1l explain later " shrug . ° mike ( to Rocky ) this be the weekend . the bank be close . rocky come on . Rocky wave they toward the door . cuT to int . brady live room the family be seat on the couch and chair and Rocky -- like General patton address the troops -- spell out what the plan be . Jan have position herself next to junior again . Cindy hold Kitty - carry - all . rocky . * , because the bank will not open till Monday , I and junior and clarence have decide to spend a fun-filled weekend with you family . . the other react to this news . rocky +.. then on Monday , I be go to the bank with you dad , and he 's go to pay we handsomely for entertaining you people in you own house . Rocky laugh at he own remark . continued continued adlib of 50 greg : what about we act at the bowl Saturday night ? bobby and my Little League game ? marcia and my cheerleader practice ? . cindy and my sunflower girl meeting ? rocky what ? what be you people talk about ? carol we have a very active family . if we do not show up for all we activity , people will be suspicious . if I be you , I have leave right now . rocky well , you be not we . ( reconsider ) but we do not want anybody nosin’ around here . ( then ) okay , you can do all the thing you be talk about . excited victory until ... rocky ( indicate he gun ) but nobody try anything funny . like callin’ the cop , for instance . ( grab Carol ) mike get you hand off she ! . rocky well ! here come the Marines !... calm down . nothing 's gonna happen to she as long as you all behave . carol — kid , get wash up for dinner . rocky clarence , go along with then . mike I will just stay here with Mrs. brady . continued 51 continued ( 2 ) rocky suit yourself . Cindy leave she doll on the couch , and join she family , they go off to wash up ... int . live room ~- dine area ~ night the brady family member be all in they traditional place in they seat . two chair be pull up on either side of Carol for Rocky and junior . Rocky have he gun on the table next to he . junior sit next to marcia . Jan be none-too-pleased . clarence sit in another chair next to Cindy , who be close to scream at all time . he be a eat machine , and pay no attention to anything go on at the dinner table . Alice bring out a _ platter of food and put it down . Rocky immediately dig in , and have awful eat habit . everyone look at hin . rocky what 's the matter ? have not you ever see a man eat before ? mike S we would like to say grace . rocky say what you want . I be eat . as Rocky stuff he face ... mike thank you , Lord , for the bounty you have give we and please continue to look out for we at all time -- especially this weekend . all bradys ( except for Rocky ) amen . Rocky punctuate the bless with a loud belch . Cindy scream . Peter stand up , and as he head for the kitchen , Rocky grab he gun . rocky hey ! peter I be just get some ketchup . rocky . okay , kid . but remember , I do not like surprise . 52 int . kitchen Alice be cooking dinner . Peter come up to she . : ___ peter ( whisper ) Alice , do we still have that big cell battery that . we take on the camp trip ? alice they be on the service porch . why ? Peter do not answer . he disappear to the service porch . cuT to int . dine room area - marcia and junior marcia ( to junior ) would you care for some gravy ? junior I nd. love some . marcia ladle some gravy on he food . as she do , she brushes against he . he enjoy the contact . junior thanks . angle - jan Jan see marcia scoring . jan give he some more gravy , marcia . be sure to lay it on real thick . int . kitchen Peter be at the refrigerator , then duck down . Three very large cell battery be hook together and a wire run out of the room . angle - the wire we follow the wire . Peter have rig a electric charge to run under Rocky 's chair . he start connect the terminal . unbeknownst to he ... . 53 int . live room - dine area as the brady continue to pass food from one to the other . Mike try to put he family at ease . mike this be a difficult time for all of we , but as l.p. jack once say , " man be ill adapt for live a easy life , but he be well adapt for live a difficult one . " wider angle - the dinner table rocky I do not like where I be sit . carol what 's the matter ? rocky I should be at the head of the table . mike ( indignantly ) this be where I always sit . rocky right . when you use to run the family . get up , bub . as Mike and Rocky rise to change place ... int . kitchen Peter do not realize that Rocky and Mike have change seat as he kneel by he battery . peter ( to Alice ) well , here go nothing . he place the two wire together , and ... int . live room - dine area suddenly , Mike leap into the air and dash around the room yelping in pain . Peter come run in . peter do I get he ? do I get he ? Peter stop as he witness the plan go astray . clarence grab Peter . continued 54 continued peter ( continue ) whoops . Rocky stand and assume control as Carol comfort Mike . rocky I say , " no game . " from now on , nobody get out of we sight . bobby what happen when we go to bed ? Rocky think about it , then ... rocky you all sleep together . in the live room -- where we can keep a eye on you . and if there 's the slight bit of trouble ... Rocky pick up he gun and shoot ... angle - the couch ae Kitty karry - all be blast apart by Rocky 's shot . angle - cindy she start scream . the scream continue and bridge the ... cuT to ext . brady house - establishing - night int . live room the light be on , and all the furniture have be push to the side . nine sleep bag be laid out on the floor . each brady be in pajamas , and stand next to he / she sleep bag . Alice , in she classic sleepwear and pin curler be next to she sleep bag . Rocky , junior and clarence be on the first landing of the stair , gun still in evidence . rocky okay . when I need some shut -eye , junior or clarence will take over . continued 55 ld continued . greg do wait a minute . we be go to rehearse tonight . marcia that 's right . tomorrow 's the big amateur contest at the Hollywood bowl . junior ( impressed ) you be perform at the bowl ? peter yes . we have to win that contest tomorrow night . it 's real important . rocky too bad . no rehearsal . no bowl . carol if the kid do not show up there , someone 's go to show up here . junior what do we care , dad ? ) let they rehearse . . rocky maybe you be right . greg great . let 's rehearse . the kid get up , start out . rocky where you goin 's ? greg to the platform in the backyard . : rocky : ~ uh uh . you rehearse right here , or you do not rehearse at all . cindy I guess we rehearse right here . the kid start up the stair . clarence move to block they path . . marcia : ) we need we costume . we can not rehearse al in we pajamas . continued 56 continued ( 2 ) rocky ( wave the gun ) rehearse . Mike , Carol , Alice and the kid all push the sleep bag out of the way . Peter cross to the tape machine which be on a table in the live room , and turn it on . it 's a different song than the one we hear earlier . it 's " good time Music " . Mike , Carol , Alice , Rocky , junior and clarence observe as the brady kid sing and dance . good time music all : let I hear some of that good time music , that I love to hear . greg : I have get plenty of blue , and sort of bad news , greg / marcia : and I need to find I some cheer . marcia : well , there have be some time , when I have be down , , more so recently . greg : I have get a piece of bad ride , make a new flight . greg / marcia : react positively . all : there 's no sense in walk around , with you foot stick in the ground . marcia : it 's much better , to put yourself together , greg : create a lot of love and good vibe , for humanity . all : that 's fine with I . the brady kid do as well as they can , consider the circumstance , in they night clothes , on the live room -floor , and with Rocky , junior and clarence observe . as they sing and dance : 57 angle ~ rocky and junior junior hey , dad , they be not bad . rocky be you nut ? I ought to plug three or four of they right now , and save the world some ear aches . the kid be about halfway through the number when : rocky okay , kid . you be finish . bobby we nre not through yet . rocky ( threaten with he gun ) yes , you be . angle ~- mike , carol and alice mike - you hear he , kid . . alice talk about a tough audience . wider angle as the brady family start pull the sleep bag into position again : ext . brady house - establishing shot - night music : ( " brady " theme ) the house be dimly light . int . live room - dimly lit all the brady be in they sleep bag . Rocky , junior and clarence be on the landing , keep guard . angle ~ marcia and jan marcia Jan , I be really scared . continued continued new angle 58 jan : come on . this be the first neat thing to happen to this family since you break you nose . - greg , peter and bobby bobby ( whisper ) hey , guy , I have to go to the bathroon . greg what do you want we to do ? pee for you . bobby but Rocky say we can not be out of he sight . peter just hold it , Bobby . bobby till Monday ? \_ greg move over to Rocky . angle - rocky and greg greg go greg Bobby have to go to the bathroon . rocky thanks for the bulletin . back to Peter and Bobby . rocky ( continue , to junior ) watch everybody . I be go to take Bobby to the bathroom . . junior you never take I to the bathroom . rocky okay , from now on , I 'il take you to the bathroon . , angle - clarence clarence I ' 1l take the kid . continued 59 continued rocky suit yourself . clarence and Bobby go upstairs toward the kid 's bathroom . angle - junior music : ( " both side now " - judy collin ) as he cross to marcia 's sleep bag . junior marcia , I be sorry about all this . marcia it 's not you fault , junior . I know that . : junior if thing be different , I have ... I mean if I be not who I be , and you be not who you be , do you think there might be a chance ... you know ? marcia that 's hard to say . junior then it 's not a no ? angle - jan and cindy they be witness to this whole thing , and Jan be jealous once more . jan * what do she have that I do not have ? cindy junior , int . boy 's and girl 's bathroom Bobby be pee . clarence be nearby . bobby clarence , do they have bathroom in prison ? clarence no . continued 60 continued bobby that 's terrible . you guy get to hold it while you be in there ? clarence they get toilet in the cell . bobby but cell do not have door . just bar . right ? clarence the whole front be just bar . bobby and everyone can look in and see what you be do ? clarence yeah . bobby I sure do not want to go to prison . cuT to ext . brady house - establishing - morning CUT inside to int . brady live room - early morning music : ( " a beautiful morning " - the rascal ) as camera pan the sleep brady , and arrive at Mike who be half - dress in clothes he have prepare . a shirt , pants . he pick up he shoe and construction hard hat , and start to exit quietly . the other be asleep . rocky ( v.0 . ) go out a little early , be not you , dad ? new angle Rocky have intercept Mike . Rocky make no attempt to whisper and the other wake up during ... mike I be not go to turn you in or anything . I be just go to my meeting . continued 61 continued rocky I do not think so . mike it 's the big Riverside project . I have be work on it for two year . I have gotta make a live . rocky so do I . so sit down and shut up . Rocky take the hardhat from Mike 's hand and throw it down . mike I would not say anything . you have get my whole family here . rocky maybe yes . maybe no . I do not like maybe . he push Mike down on he sleep bag . Rocky turn to Alice . i rocky ( continue ) and you get in the kitchen and fix some breakfast . Alice go immediately . rocky ( continue to the other ) gee , it 's fun have a housekeeper . int . brady kitchen Rocky leave junior and clarence in charge of the other , and enter the kitchen as Alice start to prepare breakfast . alice what 's the matter ? afraid I be go to slip something into you food ? rocky ; no . I just like a good meal . at prison we be lucky if they slip food into we food . the front door bell ring . Rocky immediately tense up . continued 62 continued rocky ( continue , to Alice ) who be it ? alice T do not know . Rocky go through the archway into the sleep bag laden live room . int . brady live room Rocky cross to Mike and Carol , junior and clarence . rocky ( to Carol ) whoever it be get rid of they . ( then to junior ) you two , hide . but keep ‘em cover . Carol look to Mike who shrug a okay . Carol put on she robe , which be next to she sleep bag , and cross to the front door . junior duck into the doorway to Mike 's de . Rocky retreat toward the kitchen . angle - the front door Carol open it for Sam , who carry a package . SAM hiya , Mrs. brady . carol hello , Sam . do we order something ? SAM no mar ’am . this be a present for Alice . carol . I be afraid she can not see you right now . SAM she 's still mad . be that it ? carol ( seize on it ) right . that 's it . you know how woman be , give she some time to cool down and come back a little later . like Tuesday . continued 63 continued SAM * : '' Tuesday ? " what I have to say can not wait till Tuesday , Mrs. brady . he barge in and . start across the live room . he stop for a moment as he see all the brady kid in sleep ag . SAM ( continue ) campin 's out , campin’ in , square dance , slumber party . you guy always get something go . he pass through the archway into the kitchen . int . brady kitchen Sam enter and find Alice . alice Sam ! what a surprise . — SAM '' I all bet it be . especially since you tell Mrs. brady you do not want to see I . alice Sam , it 's not that . it 's just that this be not the right time . Sam put the package down on the table in front of Alice . SAM ( suave ) and three pound of filet mignon will not change you mind ? Rocky come out from the door which Sam know lead to Alice 's bedroom . . rocky I think the lady have make it clear she want you to leave . SAM who be you ? rocky what difference do it make ? why do not you just blow out of here ? continued 64 continued SAM ( in disbelief ) Alice , you get a new boyfriend ? just because I want to go bowl ? alice Sam , I can not explain right now . thing be different . that 's all . you better leave . . SAM Alice , I know what that door lead to . ( to Rocky ) answer I one question , pal . do you stay over last night ? rocky yeah , and what if I do ? Sam spin away . the news have crush hin . SAM oh , Alice . oh , no . we have be go together for eleven year , and I never stay over . not once . and just because I forget about amateur night and the bowl butcher need I , you ... he can not say any more . he start to exit kitchen , return to retrieve the package of meat , and exit . he retrace he step through the live room . int . brady live room Sam cross to Mike and Carol . SAM . ( continue ) . I love she , Mr. and Mrs. brady . I let the best thing that ever happen to I get away . now I know how ground round feel go through the grinder . on that awful imagery , Sam leave . angle - the bradys they be upset about Sam / Alice , and also discourage as this possible chance at rescue have disappear . cuT to 65 int . brady kitchen - later Rocky be near the chart and he be put the day 's event together . rocky okay , which of you be go to the Little League game ? Bobby and Peter raise they hand . Mike eventually raise he as well . bobby it 's my game . Peter keep score and dad be the coach . mike I be go there after my meeting on the big Riverside project . rocky what about the sunflower Girls ? where 's the meeting ? carol it 's here . cindy mommy 's the troop leader . rocky Little League game . sunflower girl meeting . you people make I sick . junior dad , they be . just involved with they kid . rocky so ? I be involved with you , be not I ? . junior it 's not the same . rocky who ask you ? ( back to the matter at hand ) . okay , here 's the way it 's gonna be . junior , you go to the Little League game with dad and the two boy . i’11 stay here with clarence and watch Mom and everybody else . angle - greg he cross to Rocky . continued 66 continued greg could I talk to you for a second ? rocky yeah . what be it , kid ? new angle as greg pull Rocky into ... int . laundry room greg I be not go to the sunflower girl meeting . I have get to go out . rocky it be not on the chart . greg it 's something Mom and dad do not know about . rocky you mean , it 's something you should not be do ? greg yeah . rocky there 's hope for you yet , kid . I / 11 get you out . they exit the laundry room , and re-enter ... int . brady kitchen to see ... angle - the family , junior and clarence watch the news on tv . tv newscaster ( v.0 . ) here 's a further update on the prison escape by Rocky Portugal and clarence dawkin . 67 back to scene Rocky hear this and ... rocky turn it up louder . Peter do so . all activity stop as they all crowd in to watch the tv . tv newscaster ( v.o. ) Police have announce in Santa monica that 's they find the burn remain of the car belong to Portugal 's son , junior . both Portugal and clarence dawkin be consider armed and dangerous and be believe to be in the local area . use extreme caution . in other news , actress Elizabeth Taylor marries for the fifth time and swear this time it 's go to last . Rocky turn off the tv and turn to junior . rocky / I tell you use you car be dumb . junior sorry , dad . rocky a lot of good " sorry " do . ( to Mike ) kid drive you nut . they just can not learn how to do thing right . the phone ring . Carol go to answer it . Rocky be immediately on alert . he follow she to the phone . carol hello . intercut ext . riverside project indeed , it be a vast dirt area near a riverside . the foundation have already be dig and large construction tractor be stand by for the next phase . mr. phillip , Mike 's boss , be there with two businessmen . he be use a construction crew phone and be angry . . mr . phillip Carol , this be Harry Phillips . carol oh , hi , Mr. Phillips . continued 68 continued mr . phillip where exactly be you husband ? Carol be very nervous , but try to remain calm . carol he 's here . mr . phillip that 's the problem . he 's suppose to be here . carol I better let he explain . mr . phillip if that 's possible . Mike take a breath and take the phone . Rocky be nearby , gun poise . mike hi , Mr. Phillips . mr . phillip brady , do you know what you be do at home ? you be risk blow this whole deal . this multimillion dollar eal . mike ( on the phone ) I realize that , but ... mr . phillip get down here right away . Mike turn to Rocky , desperately upset . mike he want I to go down there right away . rocky tell he you can not . mike but he 's my boss . what can I say ? angle ~ marcia and carol marcia try " something suddenly come up . " it always work for I . like when I want to break a date . continued continued 69 carol ( interrupt ) not now , honey . back to scene Rocky now rocky ( forcefully ) tell he . mike ( on the phone ) believe I , Mr. Phillips , I have really like to be there with you , but " something suddenly come up " -- mr . phillip what ?! we whole company 's future rest on this project , and you say something suddenly come up ?! mike ( on the phone ) yes , that 's what I be say . enjoy the position he 's put Mike in . rocky tell he you be sick of he and he whole small time company . mike but ... rocky ( wave he gun ) tell he . mike ( on the phone ) please accept this in a positive way , Mr. Phillips , but I be sick of you ang you whole small time company . mr . phillip brady , I be think of make you a partner . now , if I can do it legally , I ' 1ll have you license revoke as a architect . mike ( on the phone ) Mr. Phillips , please do not -- continued 70 continued rocky ( loving this ) call he a rotten scum-bucket . mike ( horrify ) I can not . Rocky hold a gun up to Carol . : rocky call he a rotten scum-bucket , or I / 11 kill you wife . Mike see he have absolutely no alternative . mike ( weakly ) Mr. Phillips , one more thing . ( practically sobbing ) you be a rotten scum-bucket . Phillips hang up , turn to the wait businessman . mr . phillip gentlemen , there 's be a slight delay . end intercut int . brady kitchen Mike be crush as he hang up the phone . ext . little league field - day music : ( " saturday in the park " ~ chicago ) Mike , junior , Peter , and Bobby be walk toward the rest of Bobby 's team , the angel . Bobby be in uniform . Mike have a angel shirt and cap . junior wear a windbreaker and have a gun in he belt so the weapon will not be see . Mike be still daze from the event of the day . they pass a bag lady near a refreshment stand , with discard item in a shopping cart . bag lady ( she hand out ) Mr. brady , you always have something for I . mike ( too occupy ) sorry . not now . continued continued 71 . junior you have get to forgive my father , Mr. brady . he 's really not such a bad guy . he 's rob store and bank , but he 's never shot anybody yet . mike he 's go to end up back in prison . you know that , do not you ? . junior he 's have a tough life . his parent never want he . Reform school when he be thirteen . mike what about you life ? be you ready to see that flushed away , too ? if you stick with he ~~ junior sorry , Mr. brady . but my father be my father , and that 's it . ( patting the gun ) .. : you guy try anything , . and it 's over . get it ? mike yeah . we / have get it . Mike , Peter , Bobby and junior reach the stand where other parent sit . Peter and junior sit as Mike and Bobby head to the field . cut to int . brady live room Carol , Alice , marcia , Jan and Cindy wait uneasily as Rocky and greg approach Carol . rocky Mom , greg and I be go to run a errand . carol . ; what ? greg , you be not leave we in the house with this man . ( indicate clarence ) rocky do not worry about clarence , unless you try something stupid . continued 72 continued greg : Mom , we will be back in a hour . rocky just remember ... ( to clarence ) clarence ... take the cue from Rocky , clarence pick up the ceramic horse , and smashes it against he head . greg and Rocky exit , and Carol , Alice and the three girl be impressed and terrify by the impassive clarence . CUT back to ext . little league field angle - the umpire bellingham , the umpire , a gruff no - nonsense sort , be fill in he line - up sheet . angle - mike Mike be desperately try to come up with a way to save he family when he see the umpire . he get a idea , and cross to Bobby . mike Bobby , that umpire be bellingham , be not it ? bobby sure be , dad . toughest in the league . mike he 's a ex-cop , be not he ? bobby hey , that 's right . Mike have suddenly discover a plan to help he family . CUT back to int . brady live room with clarence observe the proceedings , the room be now fill with sunflower Girls and sunflower Girls 's mother . all be stand in a circle . all the little girl be in uniform -- include Cindy -- and be sing " the sunflower girl song " . continued 73 continued all assembled " I be glad to be a sunflower girl , I wear my banner proud , if someone need my help one day , I all help if I be allow . sunflower Girls be fill with love , they -shine both night and day , I will live my life the best I can and ' live it the sunflower way . i’1l live my life the whole whole while , smiling the sunflower smile . " angle - clarence he watch , and show no emotion . angle - marcia and jan they be off to one side and look for a opportunity to somehow end they captivity . back to scene Carol be the leader . carol very good , sunflower Girls . first I be sure we have all like to give a big sunflower girl hello to Cindy 's sister and former sunflower Girls , marcia and Jan . all assembled hello , marcia , and Jan ! carol and also we be very lucky to have another guest today . we old family friend ... ( at a loss , look to clarence ) clarence ( quickly ) kareem . continued 74 continued everyone look at clarence . angle - clarence - group 's Pov he give a reluctant wave . back to scene : carol so can we have a big sunflower girl " hello kareem " ? all assembled hello , kareem . embarrass and awkward , clarence nod . cuT to ext . suburban STREET greg and Rocky pull up to a corner in the brady station wagon . Wendy , betsy , and kimberly be wait -- no longer in cheerleader outfit . they jump into the back seat , but they be concerned when they see Rocky . ; wendy who 's you friend , greg ? nobody 's suppose to know about this . greg do not worry . uncle Jerry be cool . betsy do you tell he what we be do ? greg - yeah , and he 's go to help we . betsy that 's great . wendy . last year , greg steal the school mascot from coolidge High before the big game . it be a goat . KIMBERLY this year we be help he steal the mascot from ridgewood . betsy it 's a razorback . continued 75 continued greg uncle Jerry think it 's a great idea . betsy ( to Rocky ) you think it 's okay to steal a mascot . rocky I think it 's okay to steal anything ... as long as you have a good reason . the girl laugh . ext . little league field angle - the stand Peter and junior be really hit it off quite well . peter you know something , junior , it 's not the prize itself that 's so important . junior you mean the contest at the Hollywood bowl ? peter yeah . this be Mom and dad 's fifth anniversary . and the prize be perfect for they . junior fifth anniversary ? you get six kid , and the youngest be eight . peter well , she 's not my real : mom . junior she 's not ? peter it 's a long story . she be a lovely lady who be bring up three very lovely girl -- junior and what happen ? continued continued 76 peter well , one day this lady meet a fellow , who be busy with three boy of he own . that 's how we become the brady bunch . junior the brady bunch ? peter yeah . that 's how we all hecame the brady bunch . cuT to int . brady house the sunflower Girls and mother be all play the memory game . a plump sunflower girl , olivia , sit next to clarence and be recite ... olivia : I go to the zoo and I see a monkey , a elephant , a rhinocerous , a giraffe with a long neck . ~ ( add she own ) .».. and a camel with two hump . carol good . who 's next ? laurie I be next . I go to the zoo , and I see a monkey , a elephant , a rhinocerous , a giraffe with a long neck ... a camel with two hump ... ( add she own ) .. , and a great big tiger ... carol good , Laurie . who 's next ? sunflower mother how about kareem ? all eye turn to clarence . clarence I ? sunflower mother sure . all new guest have to play . it 's the sunflower Girls way of make you feel welcome . continued 77 continued clarence ( uncertainly ) well ... sunflower mother kareem should play ? right , sunflower Girls ? the sunflower Girls all adlib agreement . Cindy be force to appeal to hin . cindy ( reluctantly ) please , kareen . clarence give in to the pressure . clarence ( awkwardly ) I go to the zoo and I see a monkey , a elephant , a rhinocerous , a giraffe with a long neck ... a camel with two hump ... a great big tiger ... ( add he own ) : ..- and a black and white zebra , all lock in they cell . ( then ) I mean , cage . a lot of innocent animal in cage . the other all be puzzle by this as we : cuT to ext . ridgewood high - near the gymnasium greg , Rocky , and the three pom pom girl pull up in the station wagon next to the gym . paint boldly on a sign on a chain link fence : it 's a cartoon of a razorback . angle - greg 's Pov the gym be behind a lock chain link fence and a student guard be a post sentry . greg ( v.0 . ) that 's what I hear . they be guard the razorback . KIMBERLY ( v.0o . ) probably because of what you do last year . 78 back to scene betsy 's check out that big lock . i | rocky / do not worry , girl . leave it to uncle - Jerry . cuut to ext . brady backyard the plywood platform be push to the side . the sunflower Girls be line up for a three legge race . carol the winner get to take home the extra chocolate chip cookie . angle ~ the kitchen Alice can be see baking cookie through the screen . angle - olivia and her partner they can practically smell the cookie from the backyard . talk about incentive . various angle - the three - legged race music : ( " joy to the world " - three dog night ) the olivia team be lead . various mother root for they daughter . angle - clarence he 's a observer , on the watch for any false move , and be start to smile more and more . various angle - the race the olivia team win ! clarence be happier than anybody . ext . little league field Bobby be on the mound . Bases be load . he throw a wild pitch . continued nae 79 continued bellingham 's : Ball four . take you base . the batter go to first . a run walk in . the next batter stride confidently to the plate . Bobby wind up and throw a pitch that soar over the backstop . angle - the refreshment stand the ball smashes into a pyramid display of soft drink can , and knock they all over . back to scene bellingham ( continue ) time out . the umpire walk out to the mound , and signal for Mike to come from the dugout . bellingham .' ( continue ) brady , get you kid out : of here before he kill somebody . mike you be a ex-cop , right ? I need help . bellingham you pitcher be the one who need help . Mike look toward the stand . angle - peter and junior - mike 's Pov junior sense something fishy , and stare at Mike . back to scene mike ( quickly ) it 's a matter of life and death . bellingham get somebody else out here , or it will be . Mike know he can not stay any longer . he signal to the shortstop to take over . Mike return to the dugout . cuT to 80 ext . ridgewood high greg enter , and stop at the chain link fence to talk to the Student Guard . greg how 's it go ? student guard ( instantly suspicious ) hey , you be greg brady . you be the guy who steal the mascot from coolidge High . greg see the padlock and fiddle with it . greg wow ! you be make sure nobody steal this mascot ? student guard that 's right . I suggest you get lose . right now . angle - the cheerleader the three girl swoop in , and elirtatiously get close to the Student Guard . betsy hiya , cutie . KIMBERLY I '' surprised you be not on the football team instead of guard the mascot . student guard okay , okay . I know you girl . you be the cheerleader he team . greg come on , girl , we will never get past this guy . but before they can take a step away ... angle - rocky he come up to the mascot guard . rocky good work , son . ( to greg and the girl ) you kid get move . continued ad 81 continued greg and the cheerleader exit . angle - rocky and the student guard : rocky what 's you name , son ? student guard Chuck alpert . rocky I be proud of you , Chuck . I think you save the ridgewood mascot for the big game . student guard thanks . rocky get up the administration building , and bring back form 862 . that 's a special commendation . I want to reward you for excellent work . 1/11 take care of thing until you get back . immediately , the Student Guard step away from the fence area , and hurry off . angle - greg and the cheerleader greg ( quickly ) . I have get to tell you something about my uncle Jerry , he 's -- KIMBERLY ( interrupt ) he 's the best . none of my relative would ever ' help I steal anything . greg but there 's something more important . betsy yeah , we get to get out of here . greg ( desperately ) listen -- but the three girl hurry to join Rocky at the lock gate . greg have no alternative but to follow . non ! 82 back to scene Rocky take a hairpin from one of the cheerleader 's hair , and quickly pick the padlock . they all enter the fence area , then enter the building . int . gym greg and Rocky , and the cheerleader like a commando unit , approach the cage which hold the razorback . greg take a rope from he jacket pocket , and open the cage . he gingerly tie the rope around the animal 's neck , and bring it out of its cage . greg watch out for they tusk . they charge at you , and they be vicious . the cheerleader make appropriately squeamish sound , but happily join greg and Rocky as they take they ' conquest out of the gym . exterior - little league field - entrance Mike , Peter , Bobby and junior be leave . the four pass the refreshment stand where they have pass the bag Lady when they enter . she put she hand out to Mike again . bag lady how about now ? mike ( curtly ) not now . they walk off . angle - bag lady she give the italian " up yours " gesture . a cuT to ext . brady driveway greg drive up with Rocky , and the razorback . the razorback be squealing . int . garage greg and Rocky enter the garage , and as greg tie the razorback to the leg of a workbench with the leash ... continued 83 continued greg ' I have gotta hide the razorback in the garage so my folk will not see hin . ext . garage greg and Rocky exit , and head for the backyard and the sunflower Girls meeting . backyard the sunflower Girls meeting : girl , mother and clarence . angle - rocky and greg they enter the backyard . Rocky cross the yard , and see a basket on the barbecue . the basket be mark : " sunflower girl due " . he quickly help himself to the money , and put it in he pocket . angle - jan : she see what Rocky have do , and cross to he . angle - jan and rocky jan how can you do that ? that money belong to the sunflower Girls . rocky so what . money be money . Jan glare at hin . angle - greg he cross to Carol . carol be you okay , greg ? greg everything 's fine , Mom . Carol move to rejoin she guest as Jan talk to greg and marcia . 84 angle - sunflower girl and clarence sunflower girl mother kareem , it be a pleasure meeting you . some man just have a way with child . angle - greg , marcia and jan greg they have only get one gun now . I have get a plan how we can take this guy . jan Count I in . greg it 's a football play . listen . as greg whisper to marcia and Jan : cuT to int . brady live room Carol , Cindy , and Alice be ushere the mother and sunflower Girls , who be leave . Charlotte and doris be lead they child . olivia be munch on a cookie . Rocky cross to clarence , who be also eat a cookie . charlotte I know olivia would win . she love cookie . olivia wait a minute ! there 's paper in this cookie ! charlotte you be suppose to wait until you get home to eat that . . olivia start to spit out the offend cookie with the paper . quickly , Rocky move to take the slip of paper away - from olivia . he look at it . ' rocky . hmmm . . ( meaningfully ) Alice should have be more careful . as the girl and they mother look at this new stranger . rocky ( continue ) hello , everybody . I be uncle Jerry . continued 85 continued sunflower girl mother ( to Carol ) we have a wonderful time , Carol . and kareem should visit more often . carol thank you . none the wiser , the sunflower Girls and mother exit . angle - carol , rocky , alice , and cindy Rocky open the soggy paper . he read it aloud . rocky " kareem be a escape convict . call the police . " ( then ) some fortune cookie . angle - top of the stair Jan and marcia be ready . - jan hey , Rocky ... back to scene rocky what ? wider angle jan I do not think you be so tough ! I think you have make a real cute sunflower girl . rocky - hey , do not get I mad . just because you be a kid that do not mean you be safe . Rocky pull out the gun and start to rush the stair . greg -- accord to plan -- block he . marcia do a cheerleader flip down the stair and end with a cartwheel in which she knock the gun from Rocky 's hand . the gun fly through the air and land at Cindy 's foot . ne 86 various angle Carol , Alice , greg , marcia , Jan ; ' Cindy , Rocky , and clarence . the moment be freeze in time . all Cindy have to do be pick up the gun . | carol Cindy , pick up the gun . pick up the | gun , sweetheart . instead , Cindy scream . this give Rocky the time he need to grab the gun and resume command . rocky Nice try , kid . angle - the front door Mike , Peter , Bobby , and junior return from the game . the brady man be depressed . mike ( down ) hi , honey . we / be home . wider angle carol how have you do , Bobby ? bobby we lose . greg so have we . angle - the kitchen Tiger bound in and scratch at junior 's leg . back to scene . rocky fill he up . junior follow the happy Tiger into the kitchen to give he some more beer . Rocky wave he gun to Mike 's group on the landing . rocky ( to Mike ) while you be away , pop , I have a little _. trouble with you family . Mike come to Carol immediately . / continued 87 continued mike : be everybody okay , honey ? rocky yeah , they be okay , but they give I ~- trouble . and I do not like trouble . ( call to junior ) how have you make out at the game ? int . kitchen as junior pour beer for Tiger who lap it up enthusiastically . junior ( call back ) no problem , but Mr. brady do not know diddly about baseball . junior return to the live room . int . live room rocky . look , we gotta stay here till Monday , and you guy gotta behave yourselves . the brady all nod agreement . rocky ( continue ) until then , we be gonna stick close to you . include the Hollywood bowl . greg you can not do that . we be go to be on stage . . peter everyone will see you . bobby you will get identify . rocky I get it all work out . whose wig be that in the girl 's bedroom ? carol what wig ? jan it 's mine . the one I wear when I do not want blonde hair like marcia and Cindy . continued aed 88 continued marcia * I think you get rid of that . jan ( snap ) I do not . okay ? rocky clarence stay here with Mom . if anything go wrong at the bowl , clarence know what to do . clarence nod . CUT to ext . hollywood BOWL - night angle - the stage on stage in the middle of the classic aria from " Madame Butterfly " be a distinguished elderly woman , marjorie lewendowski . she be very good . ~ angle - the wing the brady kid be gather before they go on . the kid wear the hippest 70 's sing group outfit , the girl in mini-skirt . they be nervous for a lot of reason . Rocky be with they . he wear Jan 's black wig . he 's wear one of Mike 's fancy sport shirt , open in a large " vv " to reveal several gold chain around he neck . he 's also wear dark glass . the hand with the tattoo be in he pocket , accompany by the ever-present gun . the emcee of the event , in tuxedo , approach . . emcee ready to go on , kid ? '' greg yeah . emcee {to Rocky ) who be you ? rocky tell ' im , greg . continued 89 continued greg ( reluctantly , to emcee ) Mr. Jones , this be we manager . okay if he stay in the wing ? emcee sure . good luck , kid . Rocky stay in the wing where he can keep a eye on the kid . meanwhile , the kid gather together . closer angle - marcia and greg greg ( sotto ) have you get the new lyric ? marcia ( sotto ) right . angle - the stage '' marjorie , the opera singer , finish the number to enormous applause . wider angle - the BOWL audience pack . a classic observance of early 1970 's mood and wardrobe . polyester clothes , long sideburn , beehive hairstyle , etc . angle - in the wing - mike , alice , rocky and junior new angle - the stage the emcee go to the microphone . emcee the next act be a real crowd pleaser : Patty 's prancing poodle . as bark be hear ... cur to int . brady live room Carol and clarence be not say anything . finally ... continued 90 continued carol : clarence , you be very good with the i child today . clarence that 's what that lady say . I never have much to do with kid before . carol maybe you should be work with child . clarence I do not know . be a crook . be the only job I ever have . cuT to int . garage the razorback gnaw and gnaw at the rope -- then with a yank , break free , and start out of the garage . L CUT back to ext . hollywood BOWL - night angle - the stage emcee the last act be a group of youngster who call themselves : the Silver platter . the brady kid run out on stage . they get set as the intro start ... : angle - two member of the audience it 's darryl and Sam . they do not come together . they just happen to be sit next to one another . SAM ( recognize darryl ) | hey , you be marcia 's boyfriend , be not you ? darryl I be marcia 's boyfriend . be not you Alice 's boyfriend ? continued 91 continued SAM : I be Alice 's boyfriend . but I be just leftover now . what be you do here ? darryl I just come to look at marcia . even if I can not feel she up , at least I can look at she . angle - the stage " the Silver platter " start to sing . various angle Mike , Alice , Rocky and junior in the wing . Sam and darryl in the audience . the emcee , etc . but : close angle _ when greg and marcia distinctly . change the lyric . ' = '' " good time music " all : let I hear some of that good time music , that I love to hear . greg : '' I have get plenty of blue , marcia : and sort of bad news , greg / marcia : and I need to find I some cheer . - marcia : well , there have be some time , when I have be down , ° more so recently . greg : I have run clear out of fun I be under the gun . . greg / marcia : can not you all see ? all : there 's no sense in walk around , with you foot stick in the ground . marcia : try to envision “y get out of prison teing out of prison . no _ greg : create a lot of love and good vibe , for humanity . continued continued all : all : marcia : greg : greg / marctia : greg : marcia : greg / marcia : all : greg : marcia : all : 92 that 's fine with I : let I hear some of that good time music , that I love to hear . I have get plenty of blue , and sort of bad news , and I need to find I some cheer . well , there have be some time , when I have be down , more so recently . let_me confide t7ve have a rocky ride , can not you all see ? there 's no sense in walk around , with you foot stick in the ground . ps to escape , nd_get into shape ... create a lot of love and good vibe , for humanity . that 's fine with I . good time music . good time music . good time music . good time music . angle - the audience they love the song and applaud loudly . angle - SAM and darryl darryl be practically cry . SAM it 's okay , kid . darryl do you see she leg , Sam ? marcia sure can sing . 93 angle - the stage emcee : be not they great , folk ? more applause from the audience , . emcee ' ( continue ) in a moment we will have the decision from the judge . cur to int . live room Carol be show clarence picture in a family albun . carol you really want to see the family picture ? clarence yeah , I be never really part of any family . carol this be picture of marcia when she be really little , and -- new angle - archway to the kitchen the razorback have . get into the house somehow , and be run into the live room . Carol and clarence both react . Carol scream . clarence what the hell be that ? carol greg must have steal another school mascot . the razorback dash across the live room , and start run up the stair . clarence chase after it . clarence ( to Carol ) you stay put . angle - carol she remain seat . we 94 int . live room a moment later the razorback come back down stair , follow by clarence . the razorback dash across the live room and into the kitchen . it be follow by clarence . int . kitchen clarence enter . the razorback be snarling . Carol enter the kitchen , and cautiously move to a cupboard . she retrieve a bottle of wesson oil . carol this stuff be good for everything . she spill it onto the kitchen floor . the razorback start to charge clarence , but its leg go out from under it . it slip and slide all around the kitchen . Carol get a jump rope from the closet , and toss it to clarence . carol here . clarence try to do just that , but he , too , slip and slide on the oil . Carol seize - this opportunity to try to escape . she start toward the back door , but slip on the oil , too . in the ensue slip and slide on the floor , the razorback 's tusk cut clarence 's hand . Carol see this , and be tear between escape and help clarence , who be bleed . ext , hollywood BOWL - night angle - the wing the opera singer , Mike , Alice , Rocky , junior , the brady kid , Patty and she poodle , and two or three other contestant be wait nervously . back to scene a assistant cross to the emcee with a slip of paper . emcee this year 's runner up of the Los Angeles Parks and recreation amateur competition be Patty 's prancing poodle . angle - the wing Patty and she prancing poodle go out onto the stage . 95 angle ~ the audience some people applaud . angle - the stage | the emcee hand Patty a trophy . the dog bark . angle - SAM and darryl darryl I hope the brady win . SAM the brady always win . back to scene Patty and the dog be go now . emcee look what the dog do ! will somebody clean ( e bent this stage ? '' e and the wianer of this ' year 's Los Angeles Parks and recreation competition be the Silver platter . angle - SAM and darryl SAM see ! angle - the wing the kid all jump up and down with excitement , as do Mike and Alice . angle - the kide as they . all come out on stage and surround the emcee . emcee you kid be just great , and here 's you prize . two round trip ticket to Paris , France . angle - the audience applaud . 96 back to stage ; emcee : two ticket for six kid . who 's go to go ? greg we parent . we want to win this for they wedding anniversary . emcee you have get two lucky parent . let 's get they out on stage . angle ~ mike and alice the emcee assume Alice be Mrs. brady . he grab they , and pull they on stage . emcee let 's hear it for this lucky couple with this six great kid . what a perfect pair ! do not be shy . give she a kiss . Mike shrug , and kiss Alice . emcee be not that wonderful , folk ? ( applaud ) angle - the audience they applaud . angle - mike mike ( desperately , whisper to emcee ) he listen , you have get to help I . ( pointing.to Rocky ) that guy over there be -- emcee ( interrupt ) I know . they manager . and you be right . he should be out here take a bow , too . ( call ) come on out ! angle - rocky as he come out on stage . 97 angle - the audience as they applaud . angle - the group on stage rocky come on , kid , we have get contract to sign , thing to do . he grab they , and hustle they and Mike and Alice , off stage . : angle - the audience they begin to leave the bowl . angle - mike , alice , the brady kide , rocky and junior they come down from the stage and start to exit with the audience . angle - SAM and darryl L as they approach we group . darryl cross to marcia . darryl you be great ! I know you have win , marcia . marcia . thanks , darryl . angle - alice and SAM SAM Alice , I just want to say I be sorry . I give up my bowl game to be here tonight , but I guess it 's too late . alice sorry , Sam . I understand how you feel , but what be important to you be you 123 average . 98 angle - darryl and marcia darryl . marcia , I just want you to know I / 11 always be there for you . I be just sorry you like he -- i ( indicate junior ) -- better than I . marcia darryl , I be afraid that 's the way it have to be . but at least -- ( very dramatic ) -- we will always have the junior prom . wider angle - rocky , junior , and all the bradys Rocky and junior hustle the brady and Alice towards the bowl exit , leave Sam and darryl . angle - SAM and darryl they look at each other . then ... SAM . look like we have lose ‘em . darryl no way . darryl quickly follow junior and grab he . Rocky see this . rocky buzz off , kid . darryl marcia mean too much to I . angle - mike and the family Rocky and junior be detain by darryl . in the big crowd , Mike see a opportunity , and decide to go for it . mike ( to he family and Alice ) come on . let 's go . they dash for the car . 99 angle - SAM , darryl , rocky and junior Rocky and junior see the brady run . they shake off darryl , and start to follow they through the crowd . ! angle - the bradys they reach the area mark " contestant Cars " , and start to get into they station wagon . Mike take out he key . greg dad , let I drive . mike greg , I drive a lot safer than you do . greg I know , dad . I know ! greg take the key . Mike let he . they pile in , and screech away . angle - rocky and junior they can not find a car with key . '' then they be in luck . a lady ( look very much like shirley Jones ) be get out of a psychedelically paint bus ( look very much like " the partridge family " transport ) . they grab she key , and knock she out of the way . int . bus Rocky be at the wheel as he and junior pull out of the bowl parking lot to give chase . cuT to ext . hollywood street angle - int . / ext . brady station wagon bobby let 's go to the police . mike we do not have time . Rocky and junior will get to the house before we do , and we have get to save Mom . we have no idea what clarence be up to . with this dire think : cut to ) 100 int . brady kitchen clarence have he arm on the table ; and Carol be bandage he bloody hand . like androcle and the lion . the razorback be tie up in the corner . | | clarence first time I ever see a pig with tusk . carol do that feel better , clarence ? . clarence nobody 's ever do that before . carol bandage you hand ? clarence no . I have have lot of bandage . heck , every time I get shot , I get a bandage . carol then what do you mean ? clarence . nobody 's ever be nice to I before . cuT . to ext . hollywood street angle - int . brady station wagon greg look in the rearview mirror . greg look at that ! mike look at what ? greg : the partridge family be gain on we . marcia ( take a good look ) that 's not the partridge family ! it 's Rocky and junior ! various angle - the chase incredible . for all intent and purpose , it 's the partridge family bus chase the brady station wagon . 101 angle - int . brady station wagon cindy 7 they 's nve get a bus . and all we have be , a car . ic this give greg a idea . greg that 's right , Cindy . he quickly swerve into a close car wash , and break through the chain . angle - the car wash greg speed through the wash which be big enough to allow acar , but not big enough for a bus . Rocky attempt to follow , but the bus be too wide , and get wedge in the machinery . angle - the station wagon the brady pull out of the car wash , and head home . ext . brady house greg speed to a stop in front of the house . they all get out of the car , and move quickly to the front door . mike be quiet , and be careful . int . family room clarence and Carol be watch a " gilligan 's Island " | rerun . it 's the episode where Don rickles , as a convict , be hold all the castaway hostage . clarence be laugh heartily . int . brady live room the family dash through the live room toward the kitchen . angle - the brady kitchen - mike 's Pov there be blood on the floor . 102 back to scene mike '' blood ! I be go to kill he ! Mike rush in . int . kitchen he slip on the wesson oil . he be follow by the other , who slip as well . this create enough noise to bring Carol and clarence from the family room . mike honey , be you okay ? . carol Mike , I be fine . mike but the blood . clarence it 's my blood . carol . = clarence get tusk . she point to the razorback . mike greg , another mascot ? greg sorry , dad . carol ( react ) the concert ! how do you make out ? greg we win , Mom ! Carol start to hug greg and the other kid . during this congratulation : clarence where be Rocky and junior ? Mike see a opportunity to get rid of clarence . mike ( bluff ) oh , the police catch they . we just come home to give you a chance to get away , clarence . get out of here while you still have time . continued 103 continued rocky ( v.0 : ) time for what ? | | angle - live room / Rocky and junior have return , and be in the live roon . Rocky have he gun train on then . rocky '' ( continue ) Nice try , dad . cuT to int . pizza joint music : ( the juke BOX plays " how can you mend a broken heart " ~ the bee gee ) Sam and darryl be at a table . a tv set be televise a sport event with no sound . Sam be drown he trouble with a pitcher of beer . darryl be finish a bottle of Coke . * SAM take it from I , kid . you can not trust woman . not only do Alice drop I for some clown she just meet , she forget my bowl average . 123 . that 's more than any man can take . my average be 136 . if she know one thing about I -- it 's my bowl average . darryl I love marcia . I really do . sure , I know she think she 's perfect , but it 's not she fault . she 's a brady . he take out he senior prom picture . darryl look at she . be not she beautiful ? the theme of the senior prom be Moon River . you have think she have remember it be the senior prom not the junior prom . as darryl be lose in the think . Sam look over darryl 's shoulder and see the tv screen . SAM and it 's all because of hin . ) > darryl who ? continued 104 continued SAM . ( point ) him . that guy I see she with . angle - tv screen a picture of Rocky be on the screen . back to scene darryl call to a bartender . darryl turn up the volume , would you ? the bartender get a chair and grouse ... bartender someday , somebody 's go to invent a way | 50 they will not have to do this by hand . he turn up the volume . of angle - tv set newscaster ( v.o . ) --- and be still believe to be in the neighborhood . remember Rocky Portugal have a distinctive tattoo on he right hand . it 's the number 1 -- 2 -- 3 . with he be clarence dawkin . '' angle - SAM and darryl SAM ' 1 - 2 - 3 ? that 's he ! 1 - 2 - 3 . that 's it . Alice be try to tell I . I know she could not forget my bowl average . it 's not 1 - 2 - 3 . it 's 1- 3 - 6 . back to scene now a high school year book photo of junior . newscaster ( v.o. ) believe to be with dawkin and Portugal be Rocky 's son , Rocky junior . if you see either of this man , please contact the police immediately . 105 back to scene darryl " junior ? " . that 's it . marcia know it be the senior prom . she be try to tell I about junior . darryl and Sam look at each other , then spring to they foot and run toward the door . Sam throw a bill at the bartender as they disappear out the door . CUT to ext . brady house int . attic Rocky , junior , and clarence be put all the brady and Alice in the attic , a place fill with various article from various " brady " episode . rocky you people just keep make it worse for yourselves . now we have to leave you up here in the attic till Monday . carol . tomorrow 's Sunday . we all go to church . bobby Mom 's in the choir . rocky there 's a surprise . ( then ) this week you skip church . do not worry . in 1l write you a note . ( to junior and clarence ) C ’mon , boy . the three man exit , leave the brady to mull they fate . int . upstair hallway clarence move a huge credenza in front of the door to the attic . int . attic greg look out the window . he look back to report . continued a continued 106 greg it 's a straight drop of twenty foot . maybe more . mike if we lower Bobby , he can alert the neighbor . bobby twenty foot ? I be afraid of height . mike not just you , Bobby . the whole family will work together on this . ( to Carol ) honey , give I you hand . Alice , take Mrs. brady 's . we /’1ll be the anchor up here in the attic . immediately , a human chain begin with Mike , Carol and Alice as the anchor . they move toward the window . mike ( continue ) Bobby , when you get down , run next door to the dittmeyer 's , and phone the police . bobby right , dad . ext . brady house the oddest of sight . down the straight wall of the house be the six brady kid link by arm to leg as they lower toward the ground . greg 's arm be inside the window , where Alice , Mike and Carol support most of the weight . Peter hold on to greg 's leg , marcia hold onto Peter 's leg , Jan hold onto marcia 's leg , Bobby hold onto Jan 's leg , Cindy hold onto Bobby 's leg . angle - jan and marcia Jan 's hand start to slip . marcia Jan , hold on . hold on tight . jan you need I ? marcia of course I need you . we all need you , Jan . continued 107 continued jan * and you really like I ? marcia yes , I really like you , ' but can we talk about this later ? we be hang from the roof . jan ( to herself ) they like I , they really like I . with great effort , Jan regains she grip on marcia 's leg . back to scene Cindy and Bobby be almost to the ground . bobhy drop the last few foot . new angle to reveal clarence , Rocky and junior . Bobby fall into the arm of clarence , who catch he . they have be wait for just such a escape attempt . rocky ( call up to Mike ) you folk just do not give up . okay , everybody into the live room . suddenly , the kid all fall into a heap on the grass at Rocky 's foot . cuUT to int . brady live room the brady be depressed as . they wait for the full force of Rocky 's wrath . rocky well , another escape attempt go up in smoke . junior Mrs. brady , do you know why you kid be so anxious to win first prize ? two round trip ticket to Paris be go to be for you . for you anniversary . mike it 's true , dear . ) 108 back to scene Carol melt when she hear this . 's in spite of the threat from Rocky , Carol and Mike embrace they six kid , hugging they , kissing they , thanking they . | clarence ai not that something . | Rocky see clarence , who be clearly move by the sense of family . rocky clarence , you be not get soft on I , be you ? clarence I can not help it . they be brady . rocky I be get sick to my stomach . junior dad , why do not you and clarence give yourselves up ? rocky = , be you both nut or something ? on Monday , I waltz into the bank with brady , and waltz out with he dough . we get a car , and we be on we way . junior you will be catch , dad . I do not want to see you catch , and put back in prison . you be my dad ; I care about you the same way the brady care about each other . junior embrace Rocky . clarence embrace both of then . junior pull out the map he draw . junior ( continue ) that 's the only reason I draw this map to break you out in the first place . so we could be together . Mike look at the map that junior be wave . mike you draw this map ? junior yeah . why ? Mike examine it more closely . continued 109 continued mike ' by hand ? i junior yeah . rocky it be perfect , too . junior 's not much of a crook , but he sure can make a map . mike this have all the specs of the air conditioning duct , the water main , and electric cable . this show a real understanding of architecture . rocky it do ? mike with some schooling and training I think junior have the making of a real architect . : rocky - my kid ? mike yes . ext . brady house - various angle music : ( " theme from shaft " - isaac haye ) swat team police arrive and advance on the house with weapon draw . with the lieutenant be Sam and darryl . lieutenant you think they be inside ? SAM sop , ( angry ) oe . right . that guy 's inside with my Alice . you have get to do something , Lieutenant . lieutenant be there a back way ? darryl yeah , but Mr. brady lock all the door . one time when I bring marcia back after curfew , I ... ( then realize ) never mind . continued se ? wl 110 continued the Lieutenant take a bullhorn . : lieutenant i ( bullhorn ) Rocky , this be Lieutenant whitfield . we know you and clarence and junior be in there . int . brady live room all hear the hear the bullhorn and freeze . Rocky go to the window and break the glass . rocky ( yell ) we be not come out ! intercut ext . brady house / int . brady live room lieutenant 's ( bullhorn ) a I can not hear you , Rocky . rocky I say we be not come out ! lieutenant ( bullhorn ) what ? Bobby volunteer ... bobby I have get a bullhorn . rocky get it . Bobby run upstairs . lieutenant ( bullhorn ) send out the brady and you will not get hurt . alice what about Alice ? how come nobody think about Alice ? continued 111 continued lieutenant 's ( bullhorn ) the place be surround , Rocky . you : have not get a chance . darryl ( to the Lieutenant ) tell he just to send out marcia . Bobby return with a toy bullhorn and give it to Rocky . rocky ( bullhorn ) no way be you take I alive . we do not break out of prison to go back . right , clarence ? clarence I do not know , Rocky . I have be think about a new line of work . maybe something with kid . rocky you be pathetic . _ lieutenant ( bullhorn ) what do you want , Rocky ? . rocky ( bullhorn ) I want ... I want ... ( then to the brady ) what do I want ? brady adlib fly : " a million dollar , " '' a helicopter , " " a doll house , " " ticket to the Super bowl , " etc . then Rocky look at he son , junior . carol : what do you really want , Rocky ? rocky ( to Mike ) be you serious about junior have what it take to be a architect ? mike absolutely . rocky and you have help he ? mike any way I could . '' continued we I 112 continued ( 2 ) before Rocky can turn back to make a request , tear gas cannister fly through the window into the kitchen . the gas flow into the live room and force the brady , Rocky , junior and clarence to cry as they continue . Cloud of tear gas continue to fill the room . they be all in tear as they continue . rocky junior , you know I only want what 's best for you . junior I be sorry I do not turn out to be a good crook , dad . angle - marcia and jan in tear from the tear gas . jan I promise not to be so jealous of you , marcia . , marcia * I will try to be more considerate . angle - greg and peter in tear . greg Peter , I promise to let you sing the solo part some time . peter and I promise to stop eavesdropp when you be talk to girl . angle - cindy and bobby sob from the tear gas . cindy Bobby , I x11 stop run through the hall at school . bobby and I will stop turn you in to the principal . 113 angle - mike , carol and alice all weep . mike ( to Carol ) I forgive you for the dent in the fender . carol ( to Mike ) I think you make that dent , Mike . alice it be I , folk , take my first drive lesson . angle - rocky and junior they be cry also . rocky you know why I have this tattoo on my hand ? . a } junior ~~ no , dad. rocky it 's you birthday , son . January 23rd . 1/2/3 . junior my birthday ! oh , dad ! the blubber man embrace . the brady be sobbing as well . . : carol 1,2,3 be junior 's birthday . ( she cry even harder ) clarence ( sobbing ) I be he cellmate , and he never even '' tell I . lieutenant ( bullhorn ) come on out , Rocky . Rocky go to the window . noh the sky a helicopter have now join the police team . it shine a light down on the proceedings . 114 int . brady live room rock ( bullhorn ) I '11l_ come out first , but I need to know you will let my kid off . he do not have nothing to do with this . lieutenant ( bullhorn ) he break you out , Rocky . I can not promise anything . Mike cross to Rocky . mike Rocky , the police can not honor that kind of deal . Nicholas despreaux once say , '' honor be like a island , rugge and without a beach ; once we have leave it , we can never return . angle - peter and junior junior . gee , you old man know what everybody say about everything . peter personally , I think he make up most of that stuff . various angle all the people from the various brady activity be — gather outside the brady house to see what 's happen : cheerleader , teacher , cop , coaches , sunflower Girls and mother . even the bag Lady . angle - the front door Rocky and clarence cross to the front door . junior quickly join he there . . rocky ( bullhorn ) okay , I be come out ! junior be careful . they might plug you , dad . rocky everybody have to die some time . continued 115 continued the Lieutenant signal to he men’ to aim at the front door . the door open , and Rocky cleverly push Mike outside . the police open fire and wound Mike in the arm . ( SAM that 's Mr. brady ! lieutenant hold you fire . the police stop . shoot . they run in and surround the wounded Mike . Carol comfort she husband . Rocky and clarence step out . they be immediately grab and take into custody . end intercut ext . brady house the family and Alice step out as junior be take into custody as well . bobby ( call ) — . : read they they rights . the bag Lady approach Carol . angle - bag lady and carol bag lady you husband be the bravest man I ever see . carol of course . he 's a brady . angle - TIGER and the razorback both belch , as they drink at Tiger 's beer~ - fill bowl . angle - bobby and jan bobby poor junior . he ’1ll do three year easy . jan that 's perfect . in three year , I will not have brace . I / x11 be wear contact lense . and I might even have boob . she brushes she hair back in exaggerated marcia 's motion . at wb 116 wider - on the front of the brady house as the excitement continue with the brady , the friend and neighbor . camera pull back and away as : | fade out the end