the guest screenplay by Simon Barrett draft date : August 12 , 2013 ( final shoot draft ) ext . country road - early morning in the light of early morning , a young man run along the side of a country road . he have a military rucksack sling over he shoulder and be wear a army uniform . the young man 's hair be cropped short and he have a athletic build . although he be run steadily at a fast rate , the man 's breathe be quiet and regular . the man in the army uniform continue to run as a old pick - up truck appear in the distance behind he . int . anna 's car - early morning —- continuous anna peterson , a pretty 20 year old with dark hair , drive the pick - up truck down the country road . her eye be tired and she mascara smear , as if she have be up all night . Anna look through she windshield at the man run on the side of the road . he be run in the same direction that Anna be drive , so she see only he back . Anna frown slightly at this sight , then continue drive , move past the young man as he run along . glancing at she rearview mirror , Anna watch he figure recede into the distance behind she . ext . peterson house - early morning - a half hour later Anna pull she truck into the driveway of a single - story house surround by field of dead grass . two other car be park in the driveway , a suv and a station wagon . Paper halloween decoration hang outside of the house , and a homemade ghost stand in the front yard , face the street , its eye black hole etched into white bedsheet . Anna climb out of the truck . behind she , the sun be beginning to rise , fill the sky with pale light . Anna regards the ghost stand in front of she , then head towards the house . int . peterson house - front room - morning Anna open the front door to the house and enter , move quietly , as if try to not be hear . Anna softly shut the door behind she . she turn and see she father , spencer peterson , 40s , seat on the couch in the dim morning light , watch she . he be wear slack and a dress shirt and hold a mug of coffee . Anna slump back against the close front door , startle . anna oh. hey. ( pause ) you be up early . spencer not really . where have you be ? anna I work late , then go over to Kristen 's . I tell mom . spencer it 's six in the morning , Anna . Anna move from the door , towards the hallway . anna yeah , um . I fall asleep . sorry . spencer if you be go to stay under we roof , you need to respect we rule . walk down the hall , Anna reply without look back . anna I say I be sorry . alone , Spencer stand in the front room , face the hall . the sound of Anna close she bedroom door be audible . Spencer turn to the mantle above the fireplace . a plastic jack - o’- lantern sit next to photo of a young man smile , in various setting . this be caleb peterson . there be a shot of caleb in a football uniform and , most recently , a pose shot of he in a army uniform , stand with a group of soldier in front of a military vehicle . a american flag be fold into a glass frame that hang over this photo . Spencer exhales , he shoulder slumping . int . peterson house - dine room - morning luke and Spencer sit across from each other at the dining room table . luke be eat breakfast cereal . LAURA peterson , Anna 's mother , enter the room with a travel mug of coffee , which she set in front of Spencer . LAURA there you go . spencer thank you . Laura sit down and begin sip from a mug of tea . LAURA do you know when Anna get in last night ? I do not hear she . Spencer hesitates . spencer I think I hear she come in just before midnight . her car 's in the driveway . Laura nod absently . Spencer turn to luke . spencer ( cont 'd ) luke . you ask any girl to the fall dance yet ? luke flush and look down at he cereal bowl . spencer ( cont 'd ) that 's a no ? luke I tell you , dad . I be not interested in any of the girl at my school . spencer ah , well . wait ' till you get off to college . you do with breakfast ? luke yeah . Spencer rise to he foot and kiss Laura on the cheek . spencer see you later . LAURA okay . drive safe . luke get up from the table , shoulder he backpack . luke bye , mom . Spencer and luke exit through the front door . for a long moment , Laura stand in the suddenly quiet room , stare off into space . then she blink and begin collect the use dish from the dining table . int . peterson house - front room - day Laura sit on the sofa , in front of the television . the tv set be on off and she be not look at it , she gaze rest somewhere in the middle of the floor . the doorbell ring . Laura look up , startle . she clumsily rise to she foot , straighten she clothing , then move to the front door and open it . the young man in army uniform who Anna see run be stand on the porch , face away from the door , as if surveying the front yard . he be still carry he rucksack , he back to Laura . Laura gasp , she eye widen . the young man turn to she , smile politely . he be very good look , in a boyish way , with very short blond hair . this be david . David take in Laura 's expression . he frown , concerned . david Mrs. Peterson ? Laura blink , swallow . LAURA yes , um , I be sorry . I just ... ( trail off ) who be you ? David extend he hand . david my name be David , Mrs. Peterson . they shake hand , briefly . david ( cont 'd ) I know you son , caleb . we serve together . we be friend . Laura take this in . LAURA wo not you come inside ? david thank you , mar ’am . that would be nice . int . peterson house - dine room - minute later David sit at the dining room table , he rucksack on the floor next to he . his hand be fold on the table in front of he . he look around the room with interest . from the kitchen , Laura call out to he : LAURA ( 0.s. ) be you sure I can not get you anything ? david maybe just some water would be nice . Laura come into the room with a glass of ice water , which she hand to David . david ( cont 'd ) thank you , mar ’am . David drink the water , obviously very thirsty . LAURA how , um , how do you get here ? david I run . I need the exercise . ( off Laura 's look ) from the bus station , I mean . in town . LAURA but that must be at least twenty mile . david I guess so . probably about that . LAURA you run all that way ? david yes , mar ’am . of course , I do not exactly know how far outside of town you all live when I start . the guy at the bus station who give I direction make it sound like it be only a mile or two . David smile ruefully . LAURA when do you , um , get out ? david I be just discharge on Wednesday . I come straight here from Fort kennilworth . LAURA you come here first thing ? david yeah . I want to come by sooner , but I could not get leave . LAURA why ? david well , I be discharge because I be wounded . I be in a military hospital for a bit , so it be not really the kind of thing I could get leave from . but do not worry , it be just a bit of shrapnel in my back . I be right as rain now . LAURA no , I mean , why , um - david oh , why I be here ? well , like I say , I and you son , caleb , we be pretty close . I be with he when he die . LAURA ( strain ) oh , really ? david yes , mar ’am . and one of the thing he ask be for I to check on you all . you , and you whole family here . and he want I to tell you that he love you . ( more ) david ( cont 'd ) he specifically want I to tell each one of you that he love you and that he be think of you guy up until the end . I say I have do that , so here I be . Laura nod slowly . LAURA would you hold on a moment , please ? david of course . Laura rise from she chair , exite the room . David drink from he glass of water . int . peterson house - laundry area - moment later in a small laundry area , Laura lean over the wash machine , sobbing , a dish towel clamp tightly over she mouth to muffle the sound . after a moment , Laura straighten , as if try to compose herself . she rub she face with the dish towel . int . peterson house - front room - moment later Laura enter from the hallway , she face dry but still flushed . David be no longer in the dining room . Laura look around . David be stand in the front room , he rucksack on the floor next to he , in front of the mantle . he be look over the photo of caleb , surveying each one . Laura move into the room behind David . he turn to she . david that 's I . David point at the photo of the soldier pose in front of the military truck . Laura move up closer to look . in the photo , lean against the tank a few foot away from the other soldier , be a younger version of david , he head shave . he be squinting into the camera . Laura blink , examine the photo . LAURA well , I 'il be . david I remember that day . David look at the photo in silence for another second , then lean down and lift he rucksack . david ( cont 'd ) it be not my intention to upset you , mar ’am . I probably should have call first , but I do not own a phone yet and I guess I just be not think . I be go to be on my way , but I have like it if we could exchange email or something . as David turn away , Laura reach out and grab he arm . LAURA no ! David turn towards she , surprised . LAURA ( cont 'd ) um , Anna , caleb 's sister , she work night , so she sleep late . but I be sure she would like to meet you . wo not you stay a bit longer ? david you be not just say that to be polite ? because you do not need to be . LAURA I be not . please stay . it 's nice have you here and I have like to hear more about ... about you and caleb . david well . alright . int . peterson house - anna 's room - minute later Anna lie on she bedsheet in she underwear , she eye close . the sound of laughter echoe in the house . Anna 's eye blink open . she look around , puzzle . int . peterson house - front room - minute later both David and Laura be sit on the sofa . Laura be smile , list to David tell a story . david --- and so caleb and I , we figure , well , that sound more like a challenge than anything else . so that night , after he fall asleep , we kind of creep over to he cot with a tube of superglue - LAURA oh no ! david oh , nah , we do not do anything too bad to he - though we could have . Anna enter the room , wear a short - skirt diner uniform . David immediately rise to he foot . Anna regards he with confusion . LAURA there you be ! Anna , this be David . David walk over to Anna , extend he hand . david I be very pleased to meet you . caleb tell I a lot about you . LAURA David just get discharge this week . he be friend with you brother . Anna politely take David 's hand and release it . anna you know caleb ? david yes , mar ’am . I promise he I have check in on you guy if anything happen , so , here I be . anna '' ma 'am '' ? okay . where do you live ? david well , I be originally from just outside of louisville . ( more ) 10 . david ( cont 'd ) but I be think maybe I have head down to Miami or Fort lauderdale , see if I can not find work as a bartender or something . LAURA what about you family ? be they in louisville ? david no , mar ’‘am . my folk be both go , and that 's it for I . I do not have a big family like you all do . LAURA oh . I be very sorry . david do not be . they die when I be a kid . Long time ago . I do not remember it or nothin’ . anna so where be you stay ? david I notice a motel off the highway on the way here , so I will likely stay there . and then I 'il be on my way tomorrow . LAURA oh , no , no . you will stay with we while you be here . david ( shake he head ) I could not put you all out . LAURA nonsense . we have love to have you . we have plenty of room . why ... you could stay in caleb 's old room . Anna stare at she mother . LAURA ( cont 'd ) we insist . david I will not argue . just for tonight , though . Anna clear she throat . 11 . anna I have get to get to the diner . so , um ... Nice to meet you , David . david likewise . very nice meeting you . anna I guess I ’1ll see you again later . Anna glance at she mother , then leave the house through the front door . Laura turn to David . LAURA let I show you you room . int . peterson house - caleb 's bedroom - moment later the door to a small bedroom open and Laura step inside , follow by David , who survey the room . the bedroom be adorn with sport poster and trophy , as well as a frame high school diploma . the bed be make . a stack of fold clothes rest on the floor . Laura look quietly around the room . LAURA there be clean towel in the bathroom if you have like to freshen up . david that would be nice . Laura smile and move to exit . david ( cont 'd ) Mrs. Peterson . be you sure you be comfortable with I stay in here ? LAURA of course . I mean , it 's not like it 's go to any use . ( blink ) it will be a good thing for we . Laura exit the room , shutting the door behind she . David stand completely still , alone in the bedroom . he then slowly turn , look around the room . 12 . caleb 's old bedroom have a large window , through which tree in the front yard be visible . power line lead along the narrow road that pass the house . after a moment , David move to sit on the bed . he sit without move , look straight ahead . int . high school - hallway - day a bell ring and student flood the school hallway , move to they locker and exite the school . Paper Halloween decoration line the wall , and a large orange sign at the end of the hallway read : '' sign up for fall dance - maplewood barn , october 31st , halloween night ! '' luke carry he backpack sling across both shoulder , he thumb in the strap . up ahead , three older boy in football jersey be laugh , two of they shove each other . luke lower he head , look at the floor as he walk forward . one of the boy , mike , a senior , notice luke slouching towards they . he glance at he friend . mike hey , watch this . the group of senior part to let luke walk between they . at the last moment , Mike spin and shove luke into the wall by he face . luke slump against the locker , hold he face . Mike address he as they pass by . mike ( cont 'd ) Fucking pussy . the other two senior , ian and jason , laugh . the three boy continue down the hallway . luke stay lean against the wall , hold he face with both hand . int . laura' car - day - minute later Laura sit at the steering wheel of a suv park outside the high school . teenager boisterously cross the street in front of she vehicle , shouting at each other . 13 . the passenger door open and luke climb into the suv , set he backpack on the floor . he shut the door after he and fasten he seat belt . LAURA hey there . how be you day ? luke it be good . LAURA great . Laura start the car and pull away from the curb . int . peterson house - dine room - early evening luke sit quietly across from David at the dining room table . they be alone in the room . luke address David . luke you know my brother ? david I do , pretty well , yeah . he want I to tell you he love you . there be a short pause . luke oh. thanks . David and luke continue to sit in silence . int . peterson house - hallway - continuous Laura and Spencer stand in the hallway nearby , speak intently in whisper . spencer Laura , we can not just invite a stranger to stay with we , even if he say he be friend with caleb ! LAURA he 's in the photo of caleb 's squad ! it 's not like he 's some stranger ! spencer what if he 's get the , uh , the p.t.s.d. or whatever it be ? a lot of this guy come back , they have problem . 14 . LAURA that be just great , Spencer . you know , what if caleb have come back different ? Spencer glare at Laura . spencer that 's not at all fair . int . peterson house - dine room - continuous Laura and Spencer 's whisper conversation be just barely audible from the dining room , the word unintelligible . David and luke sit at the table , as before . David look towards the hallway as if Laura and Spencer 's conversation be clearly audible to he . david you parent be fight about I . luke yeah . they argue a lot . david huh . David consider luke , then point up towards he own eye . david ( cont 'd ) you look like you get hit or something . luke reach up self - consciously and touch he face , the side of which be red and swollen , near he eye . luke yeah , I - I get hit with a football in gym class . I be not pay attention . david that can happen . luke yeah . Spencer walk into the dining room from the live room , he shoulder tense . he speak with flat cheer . spencer okay . well . we be very glad to have you here , David . will you have a beer ? I be have one . 15 . david no , thank you . spencer suit yourself . Spencer exit the room , towards the kitchen . Laura enter the dining room from the live room . LAURA dinner will be ready in a hour . luke , you should do some homework . luke rise from the table and exit . Laura smile kindly at David , then move into the kitchen . ext . desert hill - night Anna lie on a blanket that be position on the side of a hill , stare up at the night sky . next to she , zeke hasting , mid -20s , light a marijuana pipe and exhales smoke up into the cool air . Anna 's truck and a van that belong to Zeke be both park near a gravel road behind they . music play from a tinny battery - power boombox next to they blanket . Anna check the time on she cell phone , sigh , and sit up . she begin pull on she boot . anna I have get to go home . Zeke offer the pipe to Anna , who shake she head , tie she bootlace . Zeke light it again , inhale . zeke this friend of you brother 's , he stick around ? anna I do not know . I hope not . zeke why not ? you say you like he . anna I say he seem nice . that 's not the same thing . Anna finish tie she boot . 16 . zeke okay . why do not you like he ? anna I do not not like he . Zeke roll he eye . anna ( cont 'd ) it 's just ... I mean , you kind of know caleb . we have all ... I know mom and dad have be try to move on . it 's not like they do not have enough reminder of he in this town . Hell , they have keep that bedroom like a shrine to he . zeke I mean , that seem normal . you kid die . that 's hard . anna we just do not need a walk , breathe reminder of caleb hang around right now , you know ? zeke yeah . totally . Anna turn to Zeke to kiss he goodbye . Zeke embrace she , pull she back onto the blanket , kissing she again . Anna laugh . zeke ( cont 'd ) you sure you can not stay longer ? anna I be go to be late as be . but I be sure we can find some time at the party tomorrow . zeke great . Anna return Zeke 's smile , then rise from the blanket , grab she purse . she cross behind Zeke , head to she truck . Zeke watch as Anna climb inside she pick - up truck . she start its engine and drive away . Zeke then turn to stare out over the hill , again lighting he pipe . 17 . int . peterson house - front room - night luke be do homework on the live room floor , papers spread in front of he . David sit cross -legge next to luke . luke the sine be the angle of the ship 's anchor cable , so the cable be the hypotenuse , and what we need to find out be the distance down to the ocean bottom , so that 's the opposite . do you see ? david ( amused ) not at all . I be never too good at this stuff , I guess that 's why I go into the military . you do not need to know much there . can not you just punch that number into a computer and it 'il do it for you ? luke maybe . but it do not take that much longer to just work it out for yourself . Spencer be seat in front of the television , drink a beer . he glance over , watch David work with luke . david so you be kind of smart , huh ? luke I guess so . I can give you a easy one . david yeah , no thanks . the front door open and Anna enter the house . she shut and lock the door behind she . spencer how do work go ? anna good . not too busy . Spencer finish he beer and rise to he foot . spencer David , sure I can not get you a beer ? David look at Spencer , then nod . 18. david you know , I will have one . spencer great . anna i’1l take one , too . spencer Nice try . Spencer turn away . anna I be twenty - one in a month ! spencer and you can have all the beer you want then , assume you buy it yourself . Spencer exit . Anna take in David and luke . anna be you help he with he homework ? david not exactly . Spencer return , carry two bottle of beer . David rise and take one . Anna move to the hallway . spencer stay here , be sociable . anna I be not feel so great . I think I be just go to lie down . spencer suit yourself . Anna exit the front room . int . peterson house - hallway - moment later Anna enter the hallway , move towards she bedroom . Anna stop at the door to caleb 's room . she hesitates . Spencer 's voice can be hear in the front room . David say something imperceptible in reply and Spencer laugh . Anna turn the doorknob to caleb 's room and step inside . 19 . int . peterson house - caleb 's room - night - continuous Anna walk into caleb 's room , leave the door behind she open . the room appear much as before . David 's rucksack rest on the floor , mostly empty . Anna look towards the doorway , then crouch down and peer into David 's rucksack . she reach inside , search its content . the bag contain only undergarment , sock , and a tube of deodorant . Anna straighten up . Anna look around the room , take in caleb 's belonging . she sigh , then sit down on the bed . Anna look down at the pillow she be sit on . she shift she weight and lift up the pillow . a polished pistol be beneath the pillow on caleb 's bed . Anna take this in , then carefully put the pillow back into place over the gun , as before . Anna start to stand up , look to the door . david be stand in the doorway to the room , watching her . Anna gasp and quickly stand , take a step back . david hey there . anna I , um , I be sorry . I just ... I just come in here sometimes . david no , it 's okay . I be sorry to have interrupt you . do not mind I . David move quietly from the doorway , towards the bathroom . Anna rapidly exit caleb 's bedroom , head towards she own room . int . peterson house - anna 's room —- continuous Anna enter she bedroom , shutting and lock the door behind she . she look around she room , breathe quickly . 20 . int . peterson house - front room - night - later Spencer and David sit in front of the television , several empty beer bottle in front of they . they be watch a sport show , the volume low . Spencer 's voice be slur . spencer you see , allan , he 's only be there four year . but since he 's get a degree , suddenly he 's regional manager . I know Laura , she wonder what 's go on , if I be ever go to make any money . Spencer go silent , immerse in think . david you wife seem to respect you , sir . spencer yeah . ( beat ) so what about you ? what be you plan ? david I have not really give that much think . figure I would get on a bus tomorrow , head towards Florida and start look for work . I have do contracting work before , I be sure I could find something . spencer that 's crazy . you ... you should stay with we a couple more day . look for job online . david I could not impose on you hospitality any longer , sir . spencer no , that 's ... and what 's with this '' sir '' business ? my name 's Spencer . david okay . spencer stick around , at least until you know where you be go . okay ? David look like he be think , then nod . david maybe just a couple more day . spencer great . Spencer finish he beer , then look at the bottle . David reach for a bottle on the table and finish it in several gulp , set it down . spencer ( cont 'd ) one more round to celebrate , then I have get to get to bed . you can hold you liquor , huh ? david I guess so . spencer you tired ? david no , I do not need much sleep . spencer well . you have no idea what I have give to be you age again . Spencer rise to he foot , head towards the kitchen . David watch he leave . int . peterson house - caleb 's room - night - later in caleb 's bedroom , David lie on the bed , fully dress . he be visible by moonlight come in through the window . David lie completely still . a breeze move the barren branch of the tree outside ; they shift , creaking . David glance over at this sound . after a moment , David quietly rise from the bed . ext . high school - day dozen of student pour out of the high school at the end of the school day . luke slouches among they , look at the ground . luke glance up , then stop when he see david seated in the driver 's seat of Laura 's suv at the edge of the school 's parking lot . luke look around , then walk over and get into the car . 21 . 22 . int . LAURA 's car - day - continuous luke shut the passenger door , glance over at David . luke what be you do here ? david I tell you mom I could pick you up from school today . that cool ? luke nod . David survey the student exite the school . david ( cont 'd ) do not you , like , have any friend ? luke I have lot of friend . David look over at luke . luke ( cont 'd ) just not , like , here . like , online . david ah. David continue look at the kid exite the school . luke be we go ? david in a little bit . luke what be you wait for ? david you should show I who hit you yesterday . luke I get hit with a football . david yeah . luke meet David 's eye , then lower he gaze . luke what be you go to do ? david nothing bad . 23 . luke look at David , as if consider . he then point . luke over there . David follow luke 's gaze . a group of older student , include Mike , Ian and Jason , surround two pick - up truck in the parking lot , one of they stereo play loud music . david all of they ? luke well , most of they give I a hard time . that two guy , Mike and Ian , be the worst . that guy be real asshole . david which be which ? luke Ian 's the big one , Mike 's the guy with blond hair . David watch as one of the pick - up truck be drive away by Jason . Mike and Ian climb into the second truck with they girlfriend . luke ( cont 'd ) can we go now ? david yes . David start the car and drive off the parking lot , move after Mike and Ian 's pick - up truck . ext . road near dive bar - day - moment later driving Laura 's station wagon , David follows the pick - up from a distance , let some car get between they . int . LAURA 's car - day - continuous luke watch David drive with grow concern . David remain focus on the pick - up truck ahead of they . luke what be you do ? 24 . up ahead , the pick - up turn into the parking lot of a small dive bar . Jason 's pick - up truck be already park in the lot . david they be go to a bar ? luke yeah , this place will serve you if you be on the football team . david I could use a drink . how about you ? luke no. david I could use a drink . David steer the station wagon into the bar 's parking lot . David open he car door , then look back at luke . david ( cont 'd ) you come ? luke no . david well . i’1l be inside if you change you mind . David climb out of the car and shut the door . luke watch he walk to the bar through the window . int . dive bar - day - minute later luke hesitantly open the door to the dark bar . it be nearly empty , manned by a lone bartender . David sit alone at a table , face the back of the bar , drink beer from a bottle . the only other patron be two older men seat at the bar and a group of four high school senior guy , include Mike , Ian and Jason , who be gather with a equal number of girl they age in two booth . David look up as luke enter and wave he over . david luke , over here , man . 25 . luke glance over at the bartender , then make he way to David 's table , head lower . Music blare from a jukebox in the corner . Mike , Ian and they group stare at luke . ian look at this shit . what the fuck ? jason maybe that 's he boyfriend or something ? luke ignore this . he sit down across from David . david hey . David wave the bartender over . the bartender , a man in he 30 , warily approach they table . bartender I be go to have to see some i.d. david it 's fine , he 's my brother , he 's just go to chill with I . luke give David a quick look . off the bartender 's reluctant gaze , David nod over at the booth where the senior be seat . david ( cont 'd ) do you i.d. all of they ? the bartender sigh . bartender what can I get you ? david do you know how to make a fireball ? bartender cinnamon schnapp and tabasco sauce , yep . david that 's my drink of choice . let I get one of that , a coke for my brother , and I can not help but notice that that lady over there be drink cheap beer . that seem like a shame . I would like to buy they each a blowjob shot . the bartender blink down at David . 26 . bartender be you serious ? David place a $ 100 bill on the table . david I be , yes . bartender do you want to buy anything for they fella ? david ( amused ) do I look like I would like to buy something for they fella ? bartender might be the polite thing to do . david sure , okay , fine . okay , I 'il buy each one of that guy there a cosmopolitan . bartender ah . I do not know what you be go for , but I be think a beer . david no. blowjob shot for the lady , and a cosmopolitan for each of the guy . David tap the $ 100 bill on the table , then lay another on top of it . david ( cont 'd ) you keep the change on that . bartender you get it . the bartender lift the two bill and quickly head behind the bar . luke be regard David . luke be you , like , rich ? david Cash be easy to get . David hum to the music on the jukebox , drum he finger on the table . a moment later , the bartender approach David 's table , set down drink . 27 . bartender here 's you coke , and here 's you fireball . get they shot and cosmos come right up . david thanks . the bartender move back behind the bar . David push he fireball shot towards luke . its content be red and cloudy . david ( cont 'd ) you want to try it ? luke sure . luke reach forward and take a small sip . he immediately set the shot down , cough . luke ( cont 'd ) ah! God ! luke reach for he coke and take several deep gulp , then set it down . his eye be water . luke ( cont 'd ) it 's like hot pepper . you drink that ? david yeah . David take a sip from the fireball . it appear to have no affect on he . luke how do you do that ? david you get use to it . behind luke , the bartender cross to the booth with a tray fill with drink . he hand out irish cream shot to the girl and pink martinis to the guy . the girl seat next to Ian start laugh loudly . all of the senior turn to look towards David , who ignore they . luke watch they apprehensively . luke uh ... they look kind of annoyed . 28 . david yeah . you say they play football ? caleb use to play for the same school ? luke yeah . he be really good . david but they still mess with you ? luke yeah . the guy at my school hate I . david why ? luke say nothing . behind they , Ian rise , hold he cosmopolitan . he walk towards David 's table , follow by another one of the senior , blair . luke lower he head . Ian reach the table , martini glass in hand . Blair move to stand behind he . Ian regards the seat David . ian hey , thanks for the drink , man . david you be welcome . ian I do not want it , though . you can have it . Ian fling the content of he glass into David 's face . David sit , the drink run down he face . he calmly wipe he eye , then reach for he fireball shot . david ah. maybe you could try this instead ? David lightly toss the fireball shot into Ian 's face . Ian take a step back , blink . then he scream . ian my eye ! Ian hunch forward , clutching he eye and howling with pain . Blair move towards he , confuse . David laugh , then rise to he foot . David reach past Blair and tap Ian 's shoulder . 29 . david hey , over here . David duck back and Ian , blind , swing he fist out . he hit blair in the face , knock he to the floor . David again burst into laughter . david ( cont 'd ) ha. wow. okay . David stop laugh . he step forward and punch ian in the neck . Ian drop to the floor . Mike and Jason be move towards David , who turn to face they . Jason attempt to tackle David . David bring he knee up into Jason 's face , send he fly back . luke be on he foot , but seem to not know what to do . he be abruptly spun around by Mike , who punch luke in the face , knock he to the floor . luke lie on the floor , daze . Mike move to kick luke , but be hit from behind with a pool cue by David . the stick break across Mike 's back . Mike fall to the ground next to luke . through luke 's blurred vision , he can see David stomping on Mike 's knee , then ankle . bone crack . Mike scream . luke blink , lose consciousness . Blair stagger to he foot . he grab a empty beer bottle and swing it down at David 's head . David neatly sidestep , pin Blair 's arm and pull the bottle from he grasp . he then smashes the bottle across Blair 's face , then jab the broken bottle neck into Blair 's shoulder . Blair look down , startle . blood be dribble from the bottle neck protrude from he jersey . Blair 's eye roll up and he faint , fall to the floor . David look around the room . luke , Blair , Jason and Mike be unconscious on the floor ; Ian be sobbing underneath a table , hold he eye . the remain senior girl be cower away from David in a booth . David lean down and gently slap luke 's face . david ( cont 'd ) hey , luke . wake up . 30 . luke 's eye open . david ( cont 'd ) cool . David rise and approach the bar . the bartender be hold a saw - off pool stick , freeze in place behind the bar . the two old man shrink away from David . david ( cont 'd ) you guy should get out of here . without a word , the two old man get up and exit . David turn to the bartender , who defensively raise he pool cue . David ignore the weapon . david ( cont 'd ) call the police and tell they the truth : a gang of high school kid come in here and demand you serve they drink . you try to i.d. they but they threaten to cause trouble . there be a fight . you do not really get a good look at the other guy . ( consider ) maybe they be from out of town . the bartender look at David . david ( cont 'd ) otherwise , I imagine you and this place could get in trouble for serve minor . I mean , this be what happen . here . David take two more $ 100 bill from he pocket and set they down on the bar . david ( cont 'd ) for the damage . the bartender hesitates , then lower he pool stick . David turn and pull luke to he foot . they exit , David lead luke out into the sunlight . int . peterson house - - garage - day - a half hour later David pull Laura 's suv into the house 's garage , its automated door close behind they . he and luke climb out of the car . luke wince , touch he head . luke ow . I think I have a concussion . 31 . david yeah , you definitely have a concussion , dude . you be out . David walk to the door lead inside . luke follow he as they enter the kitchen . int . peterson house - kitchen - day - continuous luke and David enter the kitchen . David cross to the freezer , gather a handful of ice cube and drop they into a dishcloth . luke should I go to the hospital ? david why ? luke for , like , my brain . david oh . no , it ’1ll be fine . I use to get they all the time . luke oh. okay . david here . David hand luke the makeshift ice pack and they walk into the front room . int . peterson house - front room - day - moment later luke and David enter the front room . Laura and Anna be seat , Anna sketching in a notebook . Laura rise when she see luke hold the ice pack to he bruise face . LAURA luke ! what happen ? luke I get in a fight with some guy at school . LAURA be you okay ?! 32 . luke yeah , I be fine . David help I out . Anna look over at David , see he bloody knuckle . without look at Anna , David put he hand in he pocket . LAURA what happen ? luke some senior be just pick on I . it happen . LAURA why be they pick on you ? luke I do not know . I be go to my room , okay ? luke exit . Laura turn quickly to David . LAURA be he alright ? david yes , mar ’am , he 's fine . LAURA do he get in any trouble with the school ? the police do not ...? david no , mar ’am , no one see . it 's just the usual high school stuff . I tell he I have teach he some self defense when he 's feel up to it . anna ( sarcastic ) I be sure that 's exactly what he need . David look over at Anna . LAURA well . I be relieved you be there . David smile . Anna , look annoyed , rise to she foot . anna I be go to get ready for Kristen 's . LAURA Anna , can I talk to you for a second ? 33 . Anna look at Laura , who pointedly gesture for Anna to join she in the kitchen . Anna exit into the kitchen with Laura . they converse in the kitchen in heat but barely audible whisper . David sit down on the sofa , he face settling into a blank mask . he stare straight ahead . Anna 's voice come from the kitchen . anna ( 0.s. ) really ?! you be go to play that card ? Laura 's reply be inaudible . a moment later , Anna storm out of the kitchen . she clear she throat . anna ( cont 'd ) David , would you like to come to a party with I tonight ? David look up at Anna . david sure , that sound nice . anna ( barely conceal annoyance ) great . I be go to leave around seven . David rise to he foot . david I will get ready , then . int . peterson house - hallway - minute later Anna step into the hall , wear a small robe and carry clothes . she look at the close bathroom door . anna great. ( call out ) luke , I need to shower ! the bathroom door immediately open and David step out in a haze of steam , wear a towel around he waist . David appear almost unnaturally fit , each muscle define . his tan torso be also cover with flushed , thick scar from dozen of cut and wound . 34 . David move towards the door to caleb 's room , edging past Anna in the narrow hallway . david I be sorry . I want to shave . anna no , I - I be sorry , I think luke be - — never mind . david I be go to go get dress . anna yeah , um ... you do , you do that . as David face away from Anna to enter caleb 's room , a clean bandage be visible on he lower back . Anna quickly turn away and move into the bathroom . int . Anna she . Anna int . Anna peterson house - bathroom —- continuous enter the steamy bathroom and shut the door behind she lean up against the door and exhales . anna okay . sigh , then turn the shower on . peterson house - front room - evening - later enter the front room , wear a black tank top and tight with the outline of a skeleton print on they . Anna stop when she see David , who be quietly seat on the couch , wait for she . he be dress in a fashionable dress shirt and slack . David look at Anna , then down at he own attire . david I , uh , borrow some of caleb 's clothes . I hope you do not mind . he be about the same size as I , and I do not own much in the way of nice clothing . anna it 's fine . Anna move towards the front door . David rise . 35 . david you look nice . anna thank you . David follow Anna outside . ext . kristen 's house - night - a half hour later David and Anna walk from she car to Kristen 's house , a small , unattractive duplex . Anna turn to face David . anna so , look . this be not a big deal or anything , but this be not just Kristen 's place . my boyfriend , Zeke , life here , too . david I do not know you have a boyfriend . anna yeah , well . neither do my parent . and I would not mind keep it that way , at least for now , if it 's alright with you . david I will not say anything . it 's none of my business . Anna nod gratefully . she ring the doorbell . a moment later , kristen , a attractive girl the same age as Anna , open the front door . Kristen be wear cat ear and a tail . she quickly hug Anna , then take in David , who nod politely at she . kristen who 's this ? anna this be David , he be friend with my brother , caleb . I tell you about he . david how do you do ? kristen Fine , thank you . Kristen and David shake hand . Kristen shoot Anna a quick look , but Anna ignore it . 36 . int . kristen 's house - front room - night - continuous Kristen lead David and Anna into she house , where a small party be underway . kristen Zeke 's out back , smoking . he be wait for help to carry the keg . david I all bring they in . where be they ? kristen in Zeke 's van . it should be unlock . David exit . Kristen lean towards Anna . kristen ( cont 'd ) I be potentially interested in get to know you brother 's friend . anna have at it . kristen any pointer ? like or dislike ? anna uh ... he be in the army ? kristen that 's helpful . come on . Anna and Kristen move through she house . ext . kristen 's house - back porch - night - minute later Anna and Kristen stand outside with Zeke and he friend craig , smoking . Craig offer a blunt to Anna . anna ugh , I wish . I can not smoke tonight . zeke what , you houseguest ? anna yeah , he 's - — David emerge from the yard , carrying two kegs . he have one propped on he shoulder and be carry the other with one hand . 37 . david I be not sure where you have want this . back here ? Kristen give Anna a incredulous look , then quickly turn to David . kristen yeah , here . hang on , I will get the tap . Kristen disappear inside as David carefully set the keg down . Craig offer David the blunt . craig hey , man , you want some ? anna Craig - david sure . David take the proffer blunt and inhale deeply . david ( cont 'd ) thank you . David pass the blunt back to Craig , who then pointedly offer it again to Anna , who grimace . anna thanks . Anna take the blunt and inhale . int . kristen 's house - night - a hour later music blare inside Kristen 's house and a few people be dance in she live room . Anna watch David from across the room ; David be converse with Kristen . Zeke approach Anna and hand she a cup of beer . anna thanks . zeke you okay ? anna I be fine . 38 . zeke you want to -? Zeke gesture with he head back towards he room . Anna smile . anna yeah , okay . on the other side of the room , David turn to watch Zeke and Anna exit , then look back to Kristen . kristen - so what I tell he be , even if I could still trust you ... oh , goddammit . Kristen trail off , look at the door . a group of three guy have walk in , glaring around the party antagonistically . David follow she gaze . david who be they ? one of the guy , drew , immediately lock eye with Kristen . he stride towards she . kristen uh , that be my ex . the one I be tell you about . Drew come up to Kristen and David . he ignore David , he attention on Kristen . drew hey . I need to talk to you . kristen I be busy right now , Drew . drew I have be call you all week , then I hear you be have a party tonight ? what the fuck ? kristen I be talk to my friend . you be be rude . Drew grab Kristen 's arm , pull she away from David . drew listen , just come here - 39 . David step forward and grip Drew 's wrist , twisting it , cause Drew to release Kristen . Kristen take a step back , wide - eye . startle , Drew yank he arm away from David , face he . people at the party turn , notice the altercation . the two guy Drew come in with move up behind he . David glance at they , but remain focus on Drew . drew ( cont 'd ) Fucking asshole . Drew shove David , push he back . David shift he weight slightly , then reach out , grab drew's head and smashes it into the wall , shatter a frame photo . Drew fall to the floor , unconscious . Drew 's two friend be freeze , stare at David . David nod at Drew 's prone body . david get he out of here . the two exchange a look , then lift Drew by he arm and drag he out of the party . there be a round of applause from the rest of the party . Craig shout out : craig fuckin 's awesome ! David reach down and pick up the photo he break with Drew 's head . it be a photo of Kristen as a teenager , ina cheerleader uniform . Kristen be stare at David breathlessly . David carefully pick break glass out of the picture frame . david I be sorry about you photograph . i’1l buy you a new frame . kristen no , do not worry about it . do you - do you want to see the rest of the house ? David look at she . 40 . int . kristen 's house - kristen 's bedroom - moment later David and Kristen make out in she bedroom , on she bed , the light dim . Kristen have she shirt off and be on top of David , kissing he . after a moment , Kristen stop , pull slightly away . kristen be you okay ? david yeah . why ? kristen seem like you be not really into this . David blink . then he smile and , in a swift motion , roll on top of Kristen , move against she . david no. I be . kristen oh . you be . David lean down and kiss Kristen 's neck , grip she wrist and pin she to the bed . int . kristen 's house - front room - night - later David and Kristen emerge from she bedroom and cross to the couch , where Craig be sit , smoking marijuana . he grin at they . craig there you guy be . think you have leave you own party , maybe find a better one . Craig offer the pipe to David while Kristen light a cigarette . david no , I be good . craig cool . hey , I want to say to you , man , we be not , like , hippie or anything . I want to say , I totally support what you guy be do over there . you need anything here , you let I know . 41 . david support we how ? craig I mean , like , I believe in what you guy be do . david but you would not support we by , like , enlist ? Craig look uncomfortable . craig Nah , I mean , like ... I have get asthma , you know ? make that kind of like ... david ( laugh ) I be just mess with you , man . craig oh no , cool . I mean , cool , I know that . Kristen rise from the sofa , patting David 's arm . kristen I will be right back . David watch Kristen leave . Craig grin again . craig she 's fun , huh ? david yeah , yeah . ( lean forward ) could you get I a gun ? craig ( surprised ) I mean , yeah , hell yeah . I can get youa gun . what do you need a gun for , man ? david I be a soldier , dude . I like gun . craig sure . I know a guy . it will be a few hundred though , more for something fancy . you get cash ? david I do . 42 . craig sure . I can set something up . let I get you number . David pull out a disposable cell phone . david I be use a burner right now . the number 's on the back . David hand the phone to Craig , who punch the number into he own phone . craig perfect . Anna come into the party from the hallway , follow by Zeke . they appear to be engage in heat discussion . zeke why be it even a big deal if I go on tour ? it 's three week , maybe . so what ? Anna turn to David . anna David , be you ready to go ? David take he phone from Craig and rise . david sure . Zeke step in front of Anna . David watch he . zeke look , wait . can we just talk about this ? anna I have to go , Zeke . call I tomorrow . Zeke turn away , exhaling . zeke whatever . Zeke exit the room . Anna blink , then look to David . anna let 's go , okay ? David nod . he shrug at Kristen , then walk with Anna towards the front door . 43 . ext . kristen 's house - night - moment later David and Anna walk to she car . Anna take she key out . david I will drive . anna no , I be fine . David quickly step in front of Anna . he touch the side of she face , peer into she eye . Anna inhale , surprised , but do not shrink away . David move he hand down and smoothly pull the key from she grasp . david I will drive . you be stone . anna wait . how be you more sober than I ? david I be bigger than you . David unlock Anna 's car and open the passenger door for she . Anna hesitates , then climb inside . int . anna 's car - night - minute later David drive quickly , shifting gear . Anna , in the passenger seat , light a cigarette . David glance at she . david please put on you seat belt . Anna fasten she seat belt . her CD of 1980 goth music be play a slower song . David glance at she . david ( cont 'd ) do you want to talk about it ? anna no , it 's just ... it 's nothing . we have a argument . Old stuff . Zeke ... when we first start dating , I love that he be in a band . but now I be save up for college , and he just be not move on , you know ? like , he do not even have a job . david well , he 's a drug dealer . 44 , anna he 's not a drug dealer ! ( pause ) he sell drug sometimes . like , to friend , to make extra cash . David reach up and adjust the rearview mirror . david well . if he 's mess thing up with you , then he 's a fool , and you do not need to worry about it . Anna make a incredulous noise . David look over at she . david ( cont 'd ) I be serious . I mean , hell , if I would hada girl like you back home , you better believe I would not have go over to the Middle East to get shot at . Anna look over at David . she smile . anna thanks . David drive in silence for a moment . david I like this music . anna you do ? it 's just a mix I make . I can make you a CD if you have like . david can you put this song on it ? anna yeah . of course . David steer the car down the narrow road lead to they house . int . peterson house - hallway - minute later David and Anna walk down the hallway together , towards they bedroom . they reach the door to Anna 's room first . they stand near each other in the narrow hallway . anna so , uh. goodnight . 45 . david goodnight . thank you for invite I out . anna no , um , no problem . goodnight . Anna enter she bedroom , shutting the door behind she . int . peterson house - anna 's room - night - continuous Anna stand just inside she bedroom door . she can hear David 's footstep move away , enter caleb 's room . Anna sigh and cross she bedroom , take off she shirt . she collapse onto she bed , look up at the ceiling . after a moment , Anna rise from she bed . she move over to she bookshelf and pull out a blank CD and a marker . Anna write on the CD : '' mix for david . '' she then move back to she bed and open she laptop . int . peterson house - anna 's room - night - later Anna lean back on she bed , slip on she headphone . she stare out the window , nodd she head slightly , listen to the mix she just make . Anna smile slightly , to herself . ext . peterson house - front window - night - continuous through the front window of Anna 's bedroom , she be visible loung on she bed , listen to she music loudly on she headphone . Anna shift she position , close she eye . without open they , she reach up over she head and turn off the light . Anna 's room go dark . in the room next to Anna 's , also visible through the front window , David sit on caleb 's bed , perfectly still . he stare out the window , into the darkness outside . fade to : int . peterson house - kitchen - morning wearing a undershirt and pajama pants , Anna walk into the kitchen and start make herself tea . 46 . glancing outside , Anna see David pace in the backyard , speak into he disposable cell phone . his voice be barely audible from inside . david a orthodontist ? I do not ... no , I do not need that . finger , yes . David turn , pace as he speak into the phone . Anna move to the side of the window , out of view . david ( cont 'd ) as soon as possible . I already feel like I have wait too long . money 's no issue . ext . peterson house - backyard - morning - continuous David continue speak into the phone . david I understand money 's a issue for you . I just mean I have it . ( pause ) I can be there . i’1l keep this phone in case anything come up and you need to reach I . copy . David hang up . he look towards the house . int . peterson house - anna 's room - day - minute later Anna sit on she bed , she netbook propped in front of she . a military webpage be up on the screen . Anna speak into she cell phone . anna yes , he name be David andersen Collins . I think I can tell you what unit he serve in if that help . ( pause ) no , nothing 's wrong . he be friend with my brother and we just hear he 's back , so any contact information you could give I would be helpful . ( pause ) yes , that 's my cell phone . thanks . int . fort kenilworth - veteran affayr office - day a woman wear a army uniform , sergeant halway , speak into a telephone headset . she be face a computer . 47 . sgt . halway okay , mar ’am . i’1l call you when I have any information . Goodbye . sergeant halway tap a button on she headset , terminate the call . she look at she computer screen . the screen show a record search form for a David andersen Collins , with he rank and Social Security number display . across the screen be a red alert banner that read : '' record classified - contact kpg corp . immediately . '' sergeant halway reach for she phone . int . kpg build - halway - day - minute later austin , a kpg employee in he 30 , stride quickly down a hallway . he be carry a folder bear a kpg logo and speak into a bluetooth device . austin tell Fort kenilworth that David Collins be decease . just give they the official version . we will take it from here . Austin remove he bluetooth and slip it into he pocket as he continue down the hallway . int . kpg build - meeting room - day - continuous in a meeting room , a man in a black suit , major carver , sit at a long table across from three kpg executive in similar attire . one of they , hendrick , be speak . hendrick I be meeting with the rest of we board next week to discuss the future of we work with the military in light of Project aegolius 's dissolution . Richard have some further information on that . Richard ? Major carver nod . major carver I can not get into too many detail , nor would you want I to . however , I can say - there be a knock on the door , interrupt carver . 48 . the door open and Austin lean in , hold the folder . he look quickly at Major carver . austin I be sorry to interrupt . something 's come up . Major carver look at Austin , then nod , rise . major carver you 'il have to excuse I . hendrick nod curtly . Major carver exit the room . int . kpg build - hallway - day - moment later Major carver walk alongside Austin down the hallway , rapidly peruse the content of the folder . major carver when do Fort kenilworth receive this call ? austin about a hour ago , sir . major carver have you i.d.e the caller ? austin not confirm , but she give she name as Anna Peterson . Major carver stop walk . major carver Peterson ...? austin she 's the sister of one of we nullify subject . caleb Peterson . Major carver look quickly at Austin . major carver where be she ? austin Home address be in there . Major carver close the folder and begin walk again , quickly . Austin hurry after he . 49 , major carver get I on the next flight . if we need to charter something , do it . and I be go to need some shooter . austin if anyone ask what 's happen , what do I tell they ? major carver make something up . no one outside of this circle can know that any of we subject be still active , understand ? if kpg get any blowback on this , you and I will both be hang out to dry . get that ? Austin nod . major carver ( cont 'd ) call I when you have a plane book . Austin quickly turn and head down the hall as carver continue in the other direction . ext . rock quarry - day - continuous a pick - up truck be park inside a abandon rock quarry . Craig stand next to the truck , along with a older man , higgins , who have tattooe hand . David walk down into the quarry , appear over its horizon , carry he rucksack . Craig and higgins turn at he approach . higgins that he ? Craig nod and raise a hand in greeting ; David return the wave as he approach . david hey . higgins where 's you car ? David gesture behind he . david I park a way 's back . I feel like a walk . I be not late , be I ? 50 . higgins no , you be on time . david great . higgins before we start anything here , I have like to see that you have get some cash on you , if you do not mind . Craig shrug apologetically , but David be already reach into he rucksack . he take out a thick envelope of $ 100 bill , open it for higgins to see . david that should be good ? higgins yes , indeed . David pocket the envelope . higgins face the truck . higgins ( cont 'd ) Craig here do not seem to know exactly what you might be look for , so I bring a few option . david good . higgins unlock a aluminum box in the rear bed of the pick - up truck , raise its lid . it be fill with firearm and box of bullet . higgins you look for a rifle or a handgun ? david handgun . higgins figure so . now , some of this gun might have number on they , and some do not . the price vary , but they be all in top condition and ready to fire . here ... higgins reach into the box and remove four handgun , as well as two box of bullet . he carry this load over to a flat rock area , follow by Craig and David . higgins set down the gun , lay they out . 51 . higgins ( cont 'd ) you have get you beretta there , I be sure you be use to that one . do not know if you have fire this before . nine millimeter Witness Elite . similar weapon , but I prefer the recoil action , almost no kick . higgins hand David a chrome pistol . David open the chamber , check the gun , then begin rapidly taking the gun apart , check each piece . higgins watch he . higgins ( cont 'd ) you army ? david yes , sir . higgins navy , myself . ' course , that be some time ago . David snap the piece of the pistol together , reassembling it . he nod . david it 's fine . higgins so . you will take the Elite , then ? david oh , I 'il take all of they . higgins all of the handgun ? david no. everything . all you gun . higgins you get the money for that ? david no , I be go to kill you . Craig go still . craig uh , David ... higgins now , do not get funny with I , boy . 52 . higgins reach behind himself and pull a SMALL revolver from a holster in he belt . he aim the gun at David . higgins ( cont 'd ) if you think I have come - David reach out and grab the wheel of the revolver in higgins 's hand , hold it tightly . with he other hand , David snatch up another revolver and snap it OPEN . higgins , eye suddenly wide , try to cock the revolver , pull the hammer back . the wheel rotate slightly , then David squeeze the gun harder , stopping it . the bullet load in higgins 's small revolver be just a centimeter away from be under its hammer . use he free hand , David grab a bullet and load it into the revolver without look . he snap the chamber wheel in and raise the gun to aim it at higgins , cocking it . higgins 's face go slack . Craig stare , freeze . craig oh shit . Craig spin and start running towards the quarry 's exit . David pull the trigger on the revolver aim at higgins . the hammer hit a empty chamber . the gun click . higgins grab onto the small revolver he be aim at David with both hand - just as David pull the trigger of he revolver a third time , shoot higgins in the face and blowing the back of he head off . as higgins 's body jerk back , David yank the small revolver from he grasp . Craig be running away in the distance , near the exit to the quarry , frantically scramble up its slope . David aim the small revolver out , inhale , then slowly exhales . he shift the gun so that it be point just slightly in front of Craig and pull the trigger . the gun fire . for a fraction of a second , nothing happen . then the back of Craig 's head explode from the bullet 's impact and Craig fall to the ground , he dead body skid through the gravel from its momentum . David regards the two corpse in front of he for a moment , then stand and wipe the small revolver clean on he shirt . he kneel and place it in higgins 's hand , close higgins 's finger around it multiple time . David turn around . he collect all of the handgun and bullet from the rock , place they in he rucksack . David then climb into the back of the pick - up truck to peer inside the aluminum box . the box contain two single barrel shotguns and a assault rifle , as well as box of bullet . David lift this out . beneath the assault rifle be a grenade . David look at it . int . peterson house - anna 's room - day - continuous Anna lie on she bed , listen to music on she stereo . her cell phone ring . she answer it . anna hello ? ( pause ) yes , thank you for call I back . Anna be silent , listen to the voice on the other end of the phone . she sit up . int . peterson house - kitchen - day —- moment later Laura be cooking in the kitchen . two pumpkin sit on the counter . Anna enter the room behind she . anna Mom , can I talk to you ? Laura frown , carry a pan over to the stove . LAURA sure , sweetie , what 's go on ? anna I call the military base David say he be just discharge from , Fort kennilworth , to ask about he . LAURA what ? why would you do that ? 54 . Anna start to speak , but stop at the sound of the front door open . Spencer 's voice call out : spencer ( 0.s. ) hey , be anyone home ? LAURA we be in here ! Spencer enter the kitchen , look pale . spencer I need a drink . Spencer cross to a liquor cabinet and pour whiskey out into a tumbler . LAURA what -? Spencer , what be it ? spencer they find allan , my boss . he 's be miss from work the last couple of day , and people be get worried , so one of he friend break into he home . Spencer take a quick drink of whiskey . spencer ( cont 'd ) they find he and he girlfriend dead . they would both take pill , I guess he have some prescription ... it look like a suicide pact kind of thing . LAURA oh my god ! but that - that do not make any sense . he be ... spencer totally normal . yeah . the police be investigate . there be nothing in they wall safe , but it be not break into ... but she have some bruise ... I guess we will have to see what the police say . LAURA maybe one of they be like , die of cancer or something ? spencer I guess we will find out . Spencer finish he drink . 55 . spencer ( cont 'd ) the damned thing be , this mean I be regional manager . at least , for a while . as soon as corporate hear , I get a call . they be offer I the same salary as allan to start right away . LAURA oh ! that 's ... Laura trail off . Spencer nod and pour himself another whiskey . he glance towards the doorway . spencer hey , David . I do not hear you come in . David be stand in the kitchen doorway , hold shopping bag . Anna take a step back , startle . david I do not want to interrupt . I be sorry to hear about you colleague . spencer that 's okay . thank you . Care for a drink ? david sure . I will be right back . David exit , carry he bag . Anna look at she parent . her cell phone , in she pocket , ring . Anna check the number , then quickly exit the kitchen . int . peterson house - front room - day - continuous Anna move into the live room , answer she phone . she speak quietly . anna Zeke ? int . zeke 's van - day - continuous Zeke be speak into he cell phone as he drive he van down a side street . he be visibly upset . zeke hey , Anna . I just - can you talk now ? 56 . int . peterson house - front room - continuous Anna look towards the kitchen , then turn away . anna not really . I be at home . what 's go on ? int . zeke 's van - day - continuous Zeke turn the van around a corner , hold he phone . zeke it 's Craig , babe . they find he out in the wood . Dead . he get shot . int . peterson house - front room - day - continuous Anna stare out the front window , shocked . anna what ? but - who ... do they know who -? zeke ( on phone ) no. int . zeke ’'s van - day - continuous Zeke continue talk into he phone as he drive . he check he side mirror and frown . zeke he be with some guy ... I do not know all the detail . can you come meet I later ? int . peterson house - front room Anna look out the window . behind she , out of view , David stand on the stair , very still , watch she . anna yeah , of course . I have something else I need to talk to you about , too . int . zeke 's van - day - continuous Zeke frown , look into he side mirror as he drive . zeke what be it ? 57 . from behind Zeke , a police siren chirp to life . Blue and red police light flash . zeke ( cont 'd ) shit , babe , I get to go . call you back . Zeke quickly hang up he phone , toss it into the passenger seat . int . peterson house - front room - day - continuous Anna frown , the phone still to she ear . anna what ? hello ? Anna look down at she phone . behind she , David audibly move forward , walk into the front room . Anna spin to face David , startle . she look down at she phone again , then pocket it . anna ( cont 'd ) hey. I ... I be go out for a bit . david okay . Anna open the front door and quickly exit the house . David watch through the window as Anna climb into she car and drive away . int . diner - night - one hour later Anna enter a small , old - fashioned diner , look around . the diner be nearly empty , with just a few customer . Kristen , wear a diner uniform , quickly move from behind the counter and embrace Anna . Kristen look as though she have be cry . kristen be you okay ? anna yeah . I just hear about it from Zeke . how be you do ? 58 . kristen I be fine ... I just do not get it . who would want to hurt Craig ? he be friend with everyone . anna I know . can you sit down ? kristen yeah . I have to finish out my shift , but sebastian say I can take a break . Anna and Kristen move over to a empty booth . ext . peterson house - front stoop - night - continuous David and luke sit out on the front stoop . in front of they , the two pumpkin have be place on a layer of newspaper cover the concrete , along with two knife . david so how do this work ? luke first you make a hole at the top , so you can reach in and scoop all the gut out . luke take a steak knife and begin saw a hole in the top of the pumpkin , with effort . David pick up a knife and start to do the same . David then stop , examine the knife . david you parent 's knife suck . luke yeah . David set down the steak knife he be hold , then remove a butterfly knife from he pants pocket . luke stare as David flip the butterfly knife open . use the gleam blade , David easily cut a hole in the top of he pumpkin . david that 's better . luke do you carry that on you , like , all the time ? 59 . david this knife ? yeah . luke why ? david ( shrug ) just in case . David resume carve he pumpkin . int . diner - night - continuous Anna and Kristen sit across from each other in a diner booth . Anna drum she finger , look worried . anna something else happen ... it 's kind of weird . I call the army base David say he be from . they tell I David Collins die a week ago . he be in a military hospital in Idaho , there be a fire from some oxygen tank . about twenty people die , David Collins be one of they . kristen okay , so ... wrong David Collins . common name . come on , it 's the military . anna David andersen Collins . the woman I talk to email I a photo of he . Brown hair , round face , acne problem . look like a nice guy . not David . Kristen regards Anna seriously . kristen you be really worried about this ? anna yeah . I be . a little . Kristen consider . kristen do David have any i.d.? credit card ? anna I have never see he use a wallet . 60 . kristen what about he phone ? he have a burner , right ? why do not you check some of the number he 's call ? you brother know computer . have he look they up . anna yeah . that 's a good idea . thanks . one of Kristen 's coworker , a man wear a bandana and grill chef apron , stop by the booth . he speak quietly , nodd at a pair of seat customer . grill chef hey , Kristen . I think that couple 's be do for a bit . kristen I have get it . thanks . Kristen rise . Anna do the same . anna call I when you get off , okay ? kristen I will . take care of yourself . anna you too . Anna exit the diner as Kristen move to a table . int . peterson house - front room / dine room / kitchen - night David and luke carry they complete pumpkin in from outside . luke 's jack - o’- lantern be a ornate ghoulish face , with detailed facial feature . David 's be a geometrically precise , traditional jack - o’- lantern . david do you want some advice , luke ? luke sure . David set he pumpkin and the butterfly knife down on the kitchen table . he remove he jacket and toss it onto a nearby chair in the live room . 61 . david never let anyone pick on you . otherwise , you will carry it with you forever . that guy at school , they be bigger than you ? luke set he jack - o’- lantern down on the kitchen counter . he look at it . luke yeah . david then bring a knife to school . if they take it away from you and beat you up , go to they house at night and burn they down with they family inside . what 's the worst they can do ? luke do not look particularly convinced by this . luke yeah , okay . david here . David close the butterfly knife and hand it to luke . david ( cont 'd ) keep it . luke take the knife from David . he awkwardly open it , use both hand , and then shut it . luke you be give this to I ? david yeah , man , it 's yours . I have get other . the front door open in the next room . luke quickly pocket the knife as Anna step inside . David look over at she from the kitchen , smile . david ( cont 'd ) hey , care to join we ? Anna look at the chair in the front room , where David 's jack be drape . she casually move towards it . anna ah , no , probably not . Mom and dad around ? 62 . david they go to the store . you mom 's go to make pumpkin pie . anna that 's cool . Anna look up . David be set he pumpkin on the kitchen counter , next to luke 's . Anna feel the pocket of David 's jacket , then stop when she hand touch he cell phone . she quickly slip David 's disposable cell phone out of he pocket and exit into the hallway , clutching it in she hand . neither David nor luke look at she . int . peterson house - anna 's room - moment later Anna enter she room and quickly shut the door behind she . she put some music on she stereo , a loud goth song . Anna snap David 's phone open , scrolling so that its screen display recent call . Anna take she own cell phone out and snap a picture of David 's phone screen . Anna scroll further through David 's recent call ; there be only a few more . suddenly David 's phone ring loudly , vibrate in she hand . Anna freeze . anna shit . Anna spin for the door to she room , move quietly . int . peterson house - hallway - continuous Anna rapidly cross the hallway . she open the door to caleb 's room , then spin back into the hallway . Anna duck back into she bedroom and shut the door . a moment later , David enter the hallway , hold the receiver to the peterson 's cordless phone to he ear . David walk down the hallway . his cell phone be audible ringing near the end of the hallway , its noise muffle . David head towards the sound . David stop at the door to Anna 's room , listen to she muffle music . 63 . int . peterson house - anna 's room - continuous Anna stand just inside the door to she room , not move . silence , then Anna can hear David 's footstep in the hallway , move away . int . peterson house - hallway - continuous David continue walk towards the sound of he ringing cell phone . he open the door to caleb 's room . int . peterson house - caleb 's room - night - continuous David 's cell phone be on the floor of caleb 's room , ringing and vibrate . David hang up the cordless phone receiver and he cell phone stop ringing . he reach down and pick it up off the floor , smile mildly . int . peterson house - hallway - moment later David close the door to caleb 's room and walk back towards the front room . int . peterson house - anna 's room - continuous Anna move over to she bed and sit heavily on it , exhaling . she put she head in she hand . Anna 's cell phone ring , startling she . she look it , frown , then answer hesitantly . anna hello ? int . CITY jail - hallway - night - continuous Zeke stand at the end of a concrete hallway line with jail cell . he hold the receiver of a pay phone . zeke hey , uh , it 's I . 64 . int . peterson house - anna 's room —- continuous Anna smile , start to speak into she phone , then stop . her smile drop from she face . anna what ...? I do not ... I do not understand . they find the gun that kill Craig ... in you van ? int . CITY jail - hallway - night - continuous Zeke look up and down the jail hallway , speak quietly into the phone . zeke yeah . it be wipe clean . they get a anonymous tip or something . ( pause ) no , I mean , all they 'il say to I be it be anonymous . yeah , I know . int . peterson house - anna 's room - continuous Anna look shocked as she speak into the phone . anna well , you be innocent ! int . CITY jail - hallway - night - continuous Zeke lower he head . when he speak into the receiver , he voice be thick , as if he 's try to muster bravado . zeke yeah , I know , but ... then they searched my room , and they find some other stuff . you know . so , it look like I might have to do a bit of time . they have not set bail for I yet ' cause of that . there be a long silence while Zeke listen . zeke ( cont 'd ) no , I have a lawyer . he 's call Kristen , it 's okay . that 's why I call you . I just want to hear you voice . a prison guard step into the hallway . 65 . prison guard hastings , wrap it up ! the prison guard leave the hallway . Zeke roll he eye , swallow , then speak into the phone . zeke I gotta go , baby . I love you . yeah . no . I love you too , babe . I gotta go . bye . int . peterson house - anna 's room —- continuous Anna , cry , hang up she phone . it drop from she hand . int . peterson house - front room / dine room / kitchen - night - minute later Anna walk down the hallway from she bedroom , move into the front room . her mascara have run down she face and she be sniffle . luke be do he trigonometry homework on the live room floor . he glance up at Anna , confuse . in the dining room , David be set the table for dinner while Laura prepare food in the kitchen . Spencer be seat at the dining room table , read . he look up at Anna , take in she distraught state . spencer Anna ? what 's wrong ? anna my , um , my friend Craig die today . he be murder . Laura and Spencer look at each other , shocked . LAURA oh my goodness . that shoot at the quarry ? anna yeah . LAURA we just hear about that on the radio . Laura cross quickly to anna. 66 . anna and ... and they arrest Zeke for it , they find the gun in he van . but he do not do it . they be good friend . LAURA Zeke ? Spencer set down he book . spencer I be sorry , Anna , but if they arrest you ex - boyfriend , it could be for a good reason . Zeke hastings be never exactly a pillar of the community . Anna 's eye blaze with fury . anna he 's not my ex-boyfriend , dad , he 's my boyfriend ! I never stop see he ! I be twenty year old , I can date who I want ! Spencer 's face flush . spencer as long as you be in this house - anna ( interrupt ) you know absolutely nothing about he ! you do not know Zeke at all ! spencer I know he 's a druggy burn - out who start dating my daughter when she be seventeen - anna oh yeah ? oh really ? Anna and Spencer be both shouting now . Anna point at david , who be stand by the table , hold silverware . anna ( cont 'd ) what about he ? everyone 's best friend there . what do you know about he ? Spencer open he mouth , confuse . anna ( cont 'd ) I call the military base he say he be from , and they say he be dead ! ( more ) 67 . anna ( cont 'd ) then they send I a photo of he that be not he ! what do you think of that ? Spencer look towards David hesitantly . Laura and luke both look confuse . David laugh . david military intelligence for you . anna oh yeah ? ( to Spencer ) ask he to show you he i.d .! he 's not David Collins ! we do not know who he be ! Spencer again look to David . david I be part of a special force unit when I be injure , so they should be provide a cover story to any civilian who ask about I . that 's a good thing . but I do get my dog tag back . they be right here . David set down the fork in he hand . he reach into he pants pocket and hand a pair of metal dog tag to Spencer , who look at they . they bear the name '' collin , david andersen . '' david ( cont 'd ) I do not like to wear they because , I do not know . I like have they with I , though . as for my i.d. , I do not have a current license , but I have get my document in my bag . should I go ...? David gesture towards caleb 's room . Spencer shake he head . spencer that will not be necessary . Anna , I think you owe David a apology . anna no fuck way . spencer you watch you mouth , young lady ! Spencer stop and take a breath . 68 . spencer ( cont 'd ) I be very sorry about you friend Craig . but as for Zeke hastings and he crew , I have it on good authority that they be a bunch of pot dealer ! you know why they arrest Zeke for the murder ? because he probably do it , Anna ! anna fuck you ! Anna turn and storm back down the hallway , to she room , pass luke . Spencer and Laura stand for a moment , look after she , then Spencer turn to David . spencer David , I be very sorry about that . david it 's okay . she 's upset . I probably should have explain the special force thing earlier , but we be not really suppose to talk about it . spencer ( sigh ) no. I understand . beer ? david yes , please . Spencer move towards the kitchen . int . peterson house - anna 's room - night - continuous Anna sit on she bed , tear run down she face . Music play on she stereo . Anna blink , then turn on she phone and bring up the picture she take of David 's phone screen . there be five entry . one number appear three time as miss call . Anna take a breath . anna okay . Kristen . Anna tap one of the number , then scroll through she contact , bring up '' craig . '' Craig 's number match the last number that call David 's phone . anna ( cont 'd ) Craig ... 69 . Anna go back to the photo . only one number remain . Anna frown at it , then open up she netbook . she punch the phone number into a internet search page . there be a soft knock on Anna 's door . anna ( cont 'd ) what ? the door open and david step inside , shutting the door . Anna quickly shut her netbook , turn to face he . david hey . David cross the room and sit down on the floor , face Anna . she do not move . david ( cont 'd ) I just want to say how sorry I be about Craig . he seem like a really cool guy . Anna say nothing . david ( cont 'd ) and Zeke get arrest ... again . I be very sorry . Anna again say nothing . David look around the room . david ( cont 'd ) I know you do not need I here in this stressful time . I be not help you , which be a shame , because I have promise you brother caleb I have do anything I could to help you family . but just so you know , I will be move on in two day . so , you do not have to put up with I much longer . okay ? Anna do not respond . David lean forward . david ( cont 'd ) okay ? anna okay . david good . David lean back . he look over at the stereo . on top of the stereo be the CD with '' mix for david '' scrawle on it . 70 . David smile , reach for the CD . david ( cont 'd ) be this the CD you make I ? anna uh. yeah . david be it do ? Anna nod . David rise , hold the mix CD . david ( cont 'd ) thank you . I can not wait to listen to it . Anna say nothing . David cross to the door . david ( cont 'd ) I be sure you will feel better about this whole thing soon , when you get some perspective on it . Anna do not respond . David exit the room , close the door behind he . Anna wait a moment , then quickly move to she door and lock it , she hand tremble . she sit back on the bed . int . parking garage - night Major carver emerge from a elevator into a dimly light parking garage , carry a small suitcase . he be hold he phone with he other hand , rapidly speak into it . major carver I want every contractor within a hundred mile radius . I do not care where they come from , kpg , ex-military or whatever . I need a team mobilize by the time I land . Major carver briefly listen to the phone as he cross over to he car . major carver ( cont 'd ) I all give they the necessary mission specs in person . we can not risk a leak on this . Major carver hang up the phone as he climb into he car . he start its engine and drive out of the garage . 71 . int . anna 's car - morning - the next day Anna drive . in the passenger seat , luke examine she phone . luke you take a picture of David 's phone ? anna yeah . I pay for a reverse directory thing to look that number up online . it say it 's the unlist landline of this doctor in Miami . his name 's Peter boddington . except he 's not a doctor anymore . he get he license take away two year ago when he perform a face lift on this lady while he be drunk . luke hand Anna 's phone back to she . luke so David know the guy ? maybe it 's he uncle or something ? anna that 's what I want to find out . luke so what do you need I to do ? anna I need to talk to the police . the cop find that drug in Zeke 's room and assume they have get they guy . the investigation 's close . Zeke 's lawyer be tell he to take a plea . luke look mildly suspicious . luke yeah ? anna to get they to reopen it , I need all the information I can get . you remember how you steal a password for that database to do research on you paper last year ? luke yeah . I get in trouble when I tell dad about it . 72 . anna well , do something like that again . find out anything you can about this guy . luke look pensive . luke do you really think David kill Craig and that other guy ? Anna steer the car down the country road . anna yeah . I do . luke okay . i’1l see if I can find anything . a lot of arrest report be public record , I ’1ll check that first . anna thank you , luke . i’1l be at the diner all day , so just call I on my cell if you find anything . luke nod . int . high school - classroom - day - minute later luke walk into a full classroom . he move down a aisle in between the row of desk , he head lower . luke sit at a empty desk and immediately take out he netbook , open it to a internet browser . jason be seat behind luke . he have a bandage over he nose and he face be bruise . Jason regards luke balefully , then reach and poke luke with he pencil . luke exhales but say nothing . jason hey , faggot . luke do not respond , type into he netbook . Jason take out a pencil sharpener and begin meticulously sharpening he pencil . Jason look over luke 's shoulder . luke 's browser window be open to a news story . the headline read '' disgrace plastic surgeon to pay $ 2 million in damage . '' Jason jab luke in the back with the sharpen pencil . 73 . jason ( cont 'd ) hey , what 's that ? you look for someone to do you sex change operation ? luke turn around and punch jason in he face . the punch be quick but largely ineffective . the classroom explode with surprise , several student stand to look . Jason , startle , reel back in he seat . then he flush with rage and stand up . jason ( cont 'd ) you little bitch - Jason grab luke with one hand , pulling he up out of he seat , and punch he with the other . luke stagger back , fall to land right near a chalkboard at the back of the room . there be a wooden yardstick lean against the wall next to he . Jason touch he bruise face where luke hit he , then furiously stride forward . the yardstick , swing by luke , catch Jason across the middle of he face . it break in half , splinter fly everywhere . Jason stumble back , hold he injure face . he yell with pain . luke stand at the back of the classroom , hold the remain of the shattered yardstick , catch he breath . he smile slightly . int . high school - secretary 's office - day - later luke sit in a outside wait area adjoin the school principal 's office . a disapprove secretary glare at he from across she desk . luke stare at the floor . the door open and Laura enter , with David . Laura immediately cross to luke . David follow . LAURA be you okay ? luke nod . luke I be fine . the secretary address Laura . secretary Mrs. Peterson ? LAURA yes , that 's right . secretary mister alston will see you now . please step inside . Laura look at David . david just a second . David kneel down in front of luke . david ( cont 'd ) what happen ? luke this kid call I a faggot , so I break a yardstick on he face . david okay . do you hurt he ? luke uncomfortably shrug . David smile . david ( cont 'd ) awesome . no problem . David rise and turn to Laura . david ( cont 'd ) I 'o 1l go in with you . David and Laura enter the principal 's office . int . high school - principal 's office - day - continuous Mr. alston address Laura and David . Laura look extremely upset . David appear calm . mr . alston due to we school 's zero tolerance policy on violence , I be afraid we have no choice but to expel you son . that 's pend the decision of the board , but I be afraid it 's fairly certain . LAURA but ... 75 . mr . alston I be sorry . david what do the kid call he ? Mr. alston pause . mr . alston what ? david the kid , you know , what ’s-his - name that luke hit in the face . what do he call luke ? mr . alston I do not - david do he call he a faggot ? Mr. alston look uncomfortable . mr . alston I believe that 's what be say , yes . but that 's no excuse - david so that make it a hate crime . Mr. alston be silent for a moment . mr . alston what ? david a hate crime . and I have like to know how many other have be perpetrate against she son under you watch . a gay student target with physical violence finally defend himself , and you be ... what ? suspend he ? mr . alston ( hesitates ) we could consider suspension ... david no . you could not . i’1l be interested to see what the board think of you when this be front of the entire country . not to mention we lawyer . ( more ) 76 . david ( cont 'd ) ( to Laura ) do you want to sue they ? Laura be totally freeze . LAURA I ... I do not ... david ( to Mr. alston ) we be suing you and the school board . David rise to he foot , pull Laura with he . Mr. alston address they desperately . mr . alston I do not even know he be gay ! David just shake he head , move towards the door . mr . alston ( cont ’d ) what about after school detention ? David stop move . david for how long ? mr . alston a month ? David consider , then nod . david that seem fair . mr . alston after school detention . we ’1ll put he to work help the prom committee set up for the fall dance . david we will agree to that . but I do not want to hear anything further about this young man be harass . we understand each other ? mr. alston I think we do , mister ... who be you ? david I be a friend of the family . good day . 77 . David exit , pull Laura with he out of the principal 's office . int . high school - secretary's office - day - continuous David and Laura walk up to luke , who be still seat miserably in the secretary 's office . David point at he . david after school detention for a month . luke that 's it ? david yeah . David hold out he palm . luke hesitates , then slap it . David turn the slap into a quick fist bump . david ( cont 'd ) see you later . as David turn to leave , luke suddenly rise to he foot . luke David ? can I talk to you for a second ? david okay . luke glance over at Laura , who still look somewhat daze . David turn to Laura . david ( cont 'd ) I be go to step out into the hall with luke for a moment , if that 's okay . LAURA oh. certainly . David and luke exit the secretary 's office , out into the hall . Laura sit down in the seat luke just vacate . the secretary glare at she . Laura do not notice . int . high school - hallway outside office - minute later David and luke speak quietly , lean up against a row of locker in the desert hallway . 78 . luke so , she think you kill Craig . and she 's try to make a case to the police , so they 'il let she boyfriend go . david Anna tell you all this ? luke yeah . David smile , as if mildly amused . david do you think I kill Craig ? luke ( shrug ) I do not care . but that 's why she want I to check out that plastic surgeon in Florida . she want to know what the connection be there . david yeah , why would I need a plastic surgeon ? luke to change you appearance . like , the bone in you face . and maybe scar up you finger so you do not have print . David stop smile . luke ( cont 'd ) I mean , at least that 's what I figure . I know you be not really David Collins , I look he up right after Anna say that . so , maybe you do not want people to know who you be . a surgeon who would do that sort of thing be probably pretty rare . I mean , there 's probably rule against it . but that doctor , well , I guess he need the money , so he have do that kind of work . david that 's a interesting theory . luke I be not go to tell anyone about it . and no one will believe Anna . she do not have anything against you . you kill dad 's boss too , right ? David say nothing , regard luke curiously . 79 . luke ( cont 'd ) I do not care . I be not go say anything . david why not ? luke because we be friend . David blink at luke . luke ( cont 'd ) right ? david yeah . of course we be . luke smile . luke okay . I just want you to know . david do Anna tell anyone else about this ? luke I be not sure . her friend Kristen , maybe ? david okay . thank you . David walk back towards the office , he face blank . int . laura' car - day - minute later David drive Laura 's suv , with she in the passenger seat . he be frown slightly . Laura stare straight ahead , through the windshield . LAURA that be a ... eye -open meeting for I . I be sorry I be not of more help . david ( distract ) oh , no problem . LAURA I ... I guess I just realize that I do not know my own son very well . I have not be pay much attention to he . that he 's ... homosexual ... it do not change anything , of course . 80 . Laura look to David for a response . David drive as if not really listen . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I guess I should talk to luke when he come home . make sure he know he can tell we anything . that we ’1ll love he no matter what . do you think ... do you think that 's a good idea ? to talk to he ? david yeah . sound like a solid plan . LAURA yes . I think we have not be talk enough . ( pause ) I really have to thank you , David . I do not know what we would have do if you be not here . not just today , with luke , but ... everything . I be very grateful . david really , Mrs. Peterson . it 's no problem . they continue to drive in silence . ext . peterson house - side yard - day - later Laura , a clothespin hold between she lip , hang a white sheet out on a clothesline . several more sheet and article of clothing be already hang . David stand beside Laura , hold a laundry basket . he hand she a towel , the last item in the basket . david I will go get the rest . LAURA okay . thank you , David . David nod and walk through the yard , towards the rear of the house , carry the laundry basket . Laura clip the towel to the clothesline by its corner , straighten it . she then look behind she . two large , black suv be pull into the driveway of the peterson 's house . Laura regards this , puzzle . 81 . int . peterson house - laundry area - day -— continuous David remove clothes from the wash machine , pile they into the laundry basket . David suddenly straighten , as if listen to something . ext . peterson house - side yard - day - continuous Laura watch as the two black suv come to a stop in front of the house . the door to both suv open and seven men in military police uniform climb out . the passenger in the first suv be a weathered look man ; this be major carver . the seven man approach Laura , fan out in they formation . she look at they , confuse . major carver Excuse I , mar ’‘am . be you Anna Peterson ? LAURA no , she 's work at the diner ... I be she mother . what 's she do ? the Major shake he head . major carver no , it 's fine , mar ’am . you daughter , she put in a phone call to Fort kennilworth a couple of day ago ask about a man name David Collins . LAURA ( puzzle ) that 's right , she do . the Major nod to the man next to he , who hand he a manila envelope . the Major remove a photograph of david . in the photo , David be slightly young , he head shave on one side , and be wear a hospital gown . he stare blankly into the camera . Major carver show the photo to Laura . he look tired . major carver you would not happen to have see anyone resembling this man , would you ? Laura nod at the photo , frown . 82. LAURA yes , that 's David . he - at that moment , David come out from behind the house , carry the laundry bask fill with clothing . David stop move when he see the seven man . the seven military policeman stare at David in wide - eye shock , Major carver 's mouth agape . then they all reach for the gun in there holsters , the driver of the first suv fumble for he . major carver get he ! as the military policeman all step forward , David drop the laundry basket and pull a pistol out from the back of he waistband . driver oh , shit - the driver be close to David ; David shoot the driver twice in the neck . the driver 's blood spray across the white sheet Laura just hang as he fall back . Laura scream and run for the house , just as three of the m.p.s OPEN FIRE at David . David return FIRE , running towards the house just as Laura disappear through the front door . David shoot another of the m.p.s as he run , hit he in the head . the m.p. drop to the ground , dead . David 's gun click empty just as he reach the window to caleb 's bedroom . he leap through the window , shatter the glass with he arm . int . peterson house - caleb 's room - day -— continuous David crash into caleb 's bedroom , roll over the bed and landing in a crouch behind it . outside , the remain m.p.s target the break window of the bedroom , all of they fire , spraying its interior with bullet . David glance down . he have a bullet wound in he leave arm . blood soak the fabric of he shirt . 83. David reach under the bed , grab a white T-shirt and tearing away a strip of fabric with he teeth . bullet continue to spray the wall above David and the bed in front of he . he loop the strip over he arm , then tug it tight , create a bandage over the wound . caleb 's trophy and frame photo be shattered by bullet as the m.p.s fire into the room . Dust and debris rain down on David as he reach under the bed . there be a pause in the fire from outside . the next instant , one of the m.p.s appear outside the shattered window , aim he rifle in at David . David rise with the assault rifle he steal from higgins in he hand . he open FIRE , spraying the m.p. outside the window with bullet . blood burst from the m.p. 's neck and face as he fall back into the front yard . David 's rifle click empty . from outside , Major carver can be hear scream . major carver ( 0.s . ) get he ! do not let he get away ! ext . peterson house - front yard - day - continuous one of the m.p.s spin away from the open trunk of one of the suv , hold a m249 machine gun . he brace it against the short wall surround the Peterson 's home . int . peterson house - caleb 's room - day - continuous David drop the rifle and grab he duffel bag . he turn and run out of the bedroom , enter the hallway . int . peterson house - hallway - day - continuous David run into the hallway , move to pass the open doorway to Anna 's bedroom . as he do so , the window in Anna 's bedroom shatter with gunshot . 84 . ext . peterson house - front yard - day - continuous Major carver deliver cover fire through Anna 's bedroom window while two of the m.p.s move to either side of the window . the remain gunner m.p. load a ammunition belt into the m249 . Major carver pause in he fire , nodd to the two m.p.s at the house . one of the m.p.s step into the window . int . peterson house - anna 's room - day - continuous the m.p. climb in through Anna 's window , he partner remain outside , gun at the ready . the m.p. step into Anna 's room , look around . the room be silent except for debris and break glass occasionally drop to the floor . the m.p. hold up he hand and gesture forward , indicate for he partner to follow he inside . the second m.p. step in through the window as the first m.p. shift forward . there be the boom of a shotgun blast and the first m.p. 's ankle explode . he crumple to the floor with a scream and be promptly shot in the face , silencing he . the second m.p. pivot and open fire with he automatic rifle , spraying anna 's bed with bullet . as he do so , David slide out from under the bed on he back , stop right at the m.p. 's foot . David be aim a pump - action shotgun up at the m.p. David pull the trigger , hit the m.p. in the side . the force of the blast lift the m.p. off he foot , knock he back out the window . ext . peterson house - front yard - day - continuous the m.p. fall to the ground directly outside of the window , blood flow from he wound . he do not move . Major carver turn to the sole remain m.p. , who be man the m249 machine gun . major carver Fire ! the gunner m.p. open FIRE , spraying the outside of Anna 's room with slug from the machine gun . 85 . int . peterson house - hallway - day - continuous David crawl from Anna 's room as bullet destroy its door , knock it off its hinge . as David make he way down the hallway in a military low crawl , 5.7mm bullet slam through the wall above he , move in a line towards David as he quickly move forward on he elbow . each slug burst through the wall just over David as he crawl forward , fill the air behind he with dust and debris . ext . peterson house - front yard - day - continuous the m.p. man the m249 swivel the gun to follow David 's path in the house , pummeling the front of the house with bullet . spend bullet casing spill out onto the ground around he . the gun abruptly run out of bullet , its belt reach its end . int . peterson house - front room - day - continuous David rise and run through the front room , towards the kitchen , still carry he duffel bag . int . peterson house - kitchen - day -— continuous David hit the kitchen floor , skid to a stop near Laura , who be crouch , the cordless phone in she hand , dial a number . David glance at Laura , then spin and yank open a drawer next to the kitchen sink . he pull out a knife , then snatch the phone from she hand , shutting it off . david no. Laura stare at David . she be tremble . LAURA David , what -? what 's happen ? who be that man ? outside , the m249 machine gun remain silent . David hold one finger to he lip , hushing Laura . 86 . int . peterson house - front yard - day - continuous the gunner m.p. reload the smoking machine gun , chamber in another belt of ammunition . the gunner look questioningly to Major carver , who be watch the house intently . Major carver hold up one hand , indicate for the gunner to wait . int . peterson house - kitchen - day -— continuous David slowly rise , peer out the kitchen window into the side yard . it be empty . he crouch back down next to Laura . david I really be sorry about this , Mrs. Peterson . I be afraid I have not be fully honest with you . Laura take this in , watch David . David look down at the knife in he hand . LAURA what do you mean ? david it would take too long to explain . this be not what I want . I want to help . I consider it my mission to assist you all while I be here . there be just ... too many complication . Laura be stare at David , she face streak with tear . LAURA what be you talk about ? why be that man here ? they be try to kill you ? david they be , yes . if it be up to they , they have keep I in a prison cell forever . I can not have that . Laura take this in . she swallow , move away from David just slightly . he watch this . at that moment , Major carver shout from outside : major carver ( 0o.s . ) just give yourself up ! come out with you hand empty and we will not shoot you ! 87 . David look down at the knife in he hand , touch its blade . Laura be stare at David with dawn horror . LAURA do you ... do you even know my son ? David 's gaze up at the window and doorway . david I do . and I can tell you , he would understand what I have to do here . David look over at Laura . his expression be blank . a look of realization come into Laura 's eye . she quickly turn from David , scream : LAURA he 's here in the kitchen ! help - David reach out and stab LAURA in the heart . Laura stare down at the blade protrude from she chest . she then look up at David , tear fall from she eye . david I be sorry . Laura exhales , dying . she sit back on the kitchen floor , she back against the dishwasher . David look at Laura 's body for a moment . he then rise to he foot . ext . peterson house - front yard - day - continuous Major carver turn to the gunner m.p. major carver I be go in . give I fifteen second of cover , then hold . the gunner m.p. look hesitant , but nod . Major carver take a step forward and the gunner m.p. resume firing the m249 machine gun towards the house . Major carver run over to the side of the house , jumping in through the shattered window of caleb 's bedroom . 88 . int . peterson house - caleb 's room - day -— continuous the sound of the m249 shoot into the house 's hallway thunder through the house as Major carver cautiously step into caleb 's room , look around . the room have be mostly destroy . Major carver kneel down , check under the bed , then rise . he move out towards the hallway . the sound of the machine gun fire come to a abrupt stop . Major carver go still , listen in the silence . ext . peterson house - front yard - day - continuous the gunner m.p. wait , hold the smoking m249 ready to fire . he scan the front of the house . the next instant , Laura 's suv smashes out through the garage door behind the gunner m.p. , the car in reverse , its tire screeching on the garage 's concrete floor . the garage door shatter from the impact . the suv , driven by david , spin back in the gravel driveway , its tire kick up dirt , then lurch forward . the gunner m.p. scramble , try to pivot the heavy m249 machine gun around as David fire a pistol at he through the suv window . David shoot the gunner m.p. in the head . the gunner fall back over the wall , landing in the front yard , dead . int . laura' car - day - continuous David stomp on the gas pedal , drive forward on the Peterson 's driveway with one hand on the steering wheel . with he other hand , he point the pistol out the driver 's side window , shifting he aim to the military suv . two of the tire on both suv burst , David hit the two visible tire on each vehicle as he steer past they . David toss the pistol into the passenger seat , put both hand on the steering wheel , and accelerate down the driveway . through the back windshield , Major carver be visible run from he house , aiming a pistol at David . 89 . Major carver fire as David turn the vehicle down the driveway . the back window to the suv explode just as David again hit the gas . David pull the suv out onto the road , ducking down . ext . peterson house - day - continuous Major carver continue to FIRE at the suv as it disappear around the bend . major carver fuck ! Major carver run over to the driver 's corpse in the yard and take the key from he pocket . he then run over to one of the suv , climb in it and start the engine . the suv begin drive in pursuit of David , slowly , lurching on its two flat tire . int . LAURA 's car - day - continuous David quickly steer the suv down the country road . smoke be rise from around the suv 's hood . there be a bullet hole in the front of the car , near its engine . David frown at this , then look up . up ahead , another car appear . it be spencer 's car . David blink . he reach over and fasten he seat belt . int . spencer be car - day - continuous Spencer look out the windshield at Laura 's suv speed in he direction . spencer what the hell - the suv swerve and smashes into spencer' car . Spencer 's airbag deploy and he windshield shatter from the impact . int . laura' car - day - continuous the suv come to a stop , its front end crush the front corner of Spencer 's car . smoke billow out . 90 . David look out through the crack windshield , then kick open he bent door , climb out . ext . country road - day - continuous David walk around the suv , to Spencer 's car . Spencer sit in the front seat , daze . he be bleed from a cut on he forehead . Spencer look out he break driver 's side window at David as David approach . spencer David ... David ... what ...? david I be very sorry about this , sir . David reach in through the window and grab onto Spencer 's head with both hand . he twist Spencer 's head abruptly to the side , breaking he neck . David let Spencer 's head fall forward , onto he car 's deflate air bag . David straighten up , look around . both of the car be wreck , they front end cave in . David sigh and go to the passenger side of the suv . he open its door and remove he rucksack . David then take off into the field , running . int . black suv - day - minute later Major carver slowly drive the lurching suv down the country road in pursuit of David . in the distance ahead of he , the wreck of Laura and Spencer 's car be visible . another car have stop near the crash vehicle , its emergency light blink . Major carver frown , drive towards the accident . ext . country road - day - continuous Major carver drive the lurching suv over to the crash vehicle . a elderly man be stand by Spencer 's car , look in through he window . the elderly man 's car be in the road behind he , its emergency blinker on . 91 . Major carver stop the suv and climb out of it . he walk over to the crash vehicle . the elderly man turn towards he , he expression concerned . elderly man I already call for a ambulance ... but I be afraid I think he 's dead . Major carver look in at Spencer 's corpse , then straighten . he pull out a billfold and show he badge . major carver military police . I need you vehicle . elderly man what ? but I - major carver be the key in it ? elderly man yes ... but ... Major carver climb into the elderly man 's car . he start it and pull the car into a quick u-turn , speed away down the country road . the elderly man stare after he . int . diner - day - minute later Anna be work at the diner alongside Kristen . she set a milkshake down on the counter , then move to clean off a table . the door to the diner swing OPEN . Major carver hurriedly stride into the diner . he survey its patron and employee , who all look back at he . major carver Anna Peterson ? Anna step forward , puzzle . anna that 's I . Major carver show Anna he badge . major carver my name be Major carver . military police . I need you to come with I , please . 92 . anna whoa . I be not go anywhere . what 's go on ? major carver it 's about David , Ms. Peterson . he be not who you think he be . Anna hesitates , then set down she clean cloth . Kristen step forward , address Anna . kristen be everything alright ? anna I think so . I will call you later , okay ? Kristen nod . Anna exit the diner with Major carver . ext . diner - day - moment later Major carver hold Anna 's door open for she . she climb into the passenger side of the vehicle . he then get in , start the car and drive out of the parking lot . a few second later , another car drive into the parking lot . David be at the steering wheel . he bring the car to a stop in the middle of the parking lot . David climb out of the new car . the inside of its windshield be splatter with blood , but it be otherwise empty . David walk towards the diner . int . / ext . diner - day - continuous David open the door and walk into the diner . he look around , surveying the diner 's few patron . Kristen , see David , cautiously move from behind the counter and cross to he . she flash a nervous smile . kristen hey ! I be start to think I be not go to see you again . david hi. be Anna work ? Kristen hesitates . David step closer to she , he smile friendly and charming . 93 . kristen she just leave . david oh yeah ? where be she go ? Kristen take a hesitant step away from David . kristen I be not sure exactly . david to pick up luke ? Kristen say nothing , stare at David . David sigh , the smile drop from he face . david ( cont 'd ) never mind . David pull a revolver from he pocket and shoot Kristen in the chest . patron scream as Kristen 's body fall to the floor . David turn away and walk towards the exit . as he do so , he remove the grenade he take from higgins from he pocket . David pull the pin and toss the grenade over he shoulder , to the floor . David exit the diner , walk towards the car he be drive . scream be audible inside the diner , then the grenade explode . the diner 's window shatter outward . David open he car door . the diner be silent , smoke billow from its shattered window . a car alarm be now beeping in the parking lot . David get into the car and pull out of the parking lot . int . elderly man 's car - day - continuous Major carver drive the car down the street , Anna in the passenger seat . he be speak into he cell phone . major carver what ? okay . copy . we be on we way . Major carver hang up he cell phone . 94 . anna what ? major carver we be go to the maplewood barn to get you brother . the police could not send a car there . they have get they hand full . anna you need to tell I what 's go on . who be you ? you come here for David ? Major carver hesitates , then answer . major carver yes . the soldier you know as David be one of the subject of a medical experiment . his spine be damage in combat , and even after surgery , he be in pain . he volunteer for a procedure that would turn off he pain receptor and allow he to consciously regulate the flow of adrenaline in he body . anna okay ... major carver the idea be that if we could get soldier to control they fear response , push they adrenaline when they need it , we have lose less man . but it change we subject . while we have he under study , he kill several people and escape . he burn they body so it would confuse we ; we think he have die in the fire initially . by the time we figure out what he have do , the trail be cold . anna maybe you should have test you procedure on a subject who be not a psychopath . the Major sigh . major carver by all account , he be a ideal soldier , well like by everyone . he be choose in part for he empathy level . I do not know . if you do not have to feel guilt or sadness , would you choose to ? ( more ) 95 . major carver ( cont 'd ) and if you do not , how would that affect you behavior ? Anna blink . anna I be call my brother . Anna take she cell phone out of she pocket and dial a number while Major carver drive . int . maplewood barn - dance floor - day - continuous luke stack bale of hay in the corner of a dance floor , next to a grim reaper dummy hold a flaming lantern . luke 's cell phone ring in he pocket . luke reach into he pocket and take out he small cell phone , look at it . mr . lyle ( 0.s. ) Mr. Peterson , be that a cell phone ? luke turn . mr. lyle , the teacher in charge of detention , be regard he from nearby on the dance floor . he cross to luke . mr . lyle ( cont ’d ) do not I tell you , phone off ? Hand it over . you will get it back after detention . luke shrug and hand Mr. lyle he cell phone as it stop ringing . int . elderly man 's car - day - continuous in the passenger seat , Anna frown , hold the phone to she ear , then speak into it . anna luke , if you get this message , call I right away . it 's important . Anna hang up she cell phone , then begin type on it . Major carver glance over at she . anna ( cont 'd ) I be send he a text . Major carver nod as a police car speed past they on the road , head in the opposite direction , siren blaring . 96 . anna ( cont 'd ) where 's that cop car go ? major carver somebody attack you diner right after we leave it . presumably we subject . anna what ? major carver yeah . I be sorry . it be call in as a explosion . I do not know anything else . anna wait ... be ... be anyone alive ? major carver I do not know . it 's possible that he have leave some wounded to keep they busy . Anna stare at Major carver . anna wait . where be my parent ? you have not mention my parent . Major carver grimace and say nothing . the maplewood barn be ahead of they . Anna 's voice grow panicked . anna ( cont 'd ) what about my parent ?! tell I ! major carver they be both dead . he kill they both before we could stop he . I be sorry . anna what ? why ... why would he ...? major carver I be sorry . Anna blink , she eye fill with tear . anna I do not understand . they ... they be not a threat to he . 97 . major carver David have neurological conditioning , Ms. Peterson , design to protect both he and the experiment . if he feel like he identity may be compromise , he 's program to clean up all loose end . I doubt he could stop himself now even if he want to . it 's why we need to get you and you brother somewhere safe . Major carver park the car in front of the barn . Anna be stare straight ahead out the windshield . her face be streak with tear , but she expression be blank . Major carver look over at Anna . major carver ( cont 'd ) do you want to stay here , or ...? Anna 's voice be flat . anna no . I need to get my brother . Anna exit the car . behind she , the sun be set . int . maplewood barn - maze entrance —- moment later Major carver open the front door to the barn , which be adorn with Halloween decoration . he and Anna find themselves face a maze entrance shape like the mouth of a enormous jack -o’-lantern . major carver what be this ? anna for the fall dance , they do Halloween maze to get in and out . you enter in pair . it 's a tradition . Major carver step forward , enter the jack - of '- lantern 's mouth . Anna follow he . int . maplewood barn - entry maze - first room -— continuous Inside the Halloween maze , Anna and Major carver step into a dimly light room , its wall paint red . they continue forward , turn at the end of the room , step through a black plastic curtain . 98 . int . maplewood barn - entry maze - wooden hallway - continuous Major carver and Anna make they way down a narrow hallway , its wall line with wooden slat . as Major carver pass a close doorway , the door suddenly rattle . a can scream emit from behind the door . Major carver jerk back . major carver goddammit ! what in the hell ? Mr. lyle 's voice come from within the building as Anna and Major carver move quickly from the narrow hallway , into the next maze chamber . mr . lyle ( 0.s. ) who 's in here ? Major carver shout in response to Mr. lyle : major carver ( call out ) military police ! I be here for luke Peterson . how do I get through this maze ? there be a silence , then Mr. lyle 's voice come again . mr . lyle ( 0.s. ) Left , right , right , leave , leave , right , leave , then straight . Major carver grunt and move forward , follow by Anna . int . maplewood barn - entry maze —- butcher room - continuous Major carver and Anna enter a white room with fake blood splatter over its wall . rubber corpse part and butcher knive hang from the ceiling . Major carver scowl up at this . int . maplewood barn - entry maze - checkered hallway - continuous continue deeper into the maze , Major carver and Anna make they way down a red and white checker hallway . animatronic clowns rotate back and forth in the corner , they arm pivote quietly . 99 . at the end of the hallway , a strobe light flash . Anna and Major carver walk towards the pulsing light . it be attach to a door , which they push open . int . maplewood barn - dance floor - evening - continuous Anna and Major carver emerge from the maze out onto the dance floor decorate with pumpkin and bale of hay . dried leave and a mirror ball hang from the ceiling . luke and Mr. lyle be stand near the center of the room . luke be hold a broom . anna luke ! Anna run to luke and hug he . luke lightly return she hug , confuse . Major carver cross to Mr. lyle , show he he badge ; the two engage in quiet conversation . luke watch this . luke what 's go on ? anna we need to go right now . come with - abruptly , the light in the building go dark . a spotlight hit the mirror ball above they , which begin spin , reflect swirl spot of light over the floor . a fog machine start whirring in the corner . the first note of the goth song that David and Anna listen to in she car echo through the space . the music play from overhead speaker install for the dance . Major carver draw he pistol . Mr. lyle stare at this . major carver who else be in here ? mr . lyle no one . it 's just the two of we . this be - major carver ( interrupt ) where be the light control from ? Mr. lyle look up at a loft overhange the dance floor . it be dark ; no one be visible . 100 . mr . lyle up there . there 's a dj booth in the attic ... Major carver look quickly around . major carver we need to get out of here . now . where 's the back exit ? mr . lyle follow I . Mr. lyle turn towards a corridor entrance lead out to the building 's rear exit . Major carver move after he , gesture for Anna and luke to follow . int . maplewood barn - exit maze - evening - continuous Mr. lyle move quickly into a maze of mirror , use a small flashlight to illuminate they path . the mirror reflect the flashlight 's beam in dozen of pattern , each wall of the maze give off the illusion of infinite depth . mr . lyle it 's just this way ... Mr. lyle duck around a corner , vanish from view , although several of he reflection be still visible . major carver slow down . Major carver , tensely hold he pistol by he side , look back at Anna and luke , who be follow he . he move after Mr. lyle . Mr. lyle 's reflection can be see round another corner . mr . lyle almost there now ... visible in the reflection on the wall around they , a dark shape step out in front of Mr. lyle , crossing in front of he . the shape vanish . Mr. lyle go silent . he take a step back . 101 . Major carver , Anna and luke round the corner , enter the same mirrore corridor as Mr. lyle . he stand with he back to they . major carver Sir ? Mr. lyle turn and Major carver 's face be spraye with blood . Mr. lyle 's throat have be slashed ; he neck yawn open . Mr. lyle crumple and fall to the floor , dead , as Major carver raise he gun . he shout to Anna and luke : major carver ( cont 'd ) run ! go out the other way ! go ! Anna grab luke 's arm , turn and run , head back out through the mirror maze . a shape move in front of Major carver in he reflection and he find himself facing David . David be hold a bloody BOX cutter . David 's voice echoes through the maze . david hello , sir . Major carver quickly raise he gun and fire . the mirror in front of Major carver shatter , David 's reflection crack into shard just as it quickly move . Major carver spin quickly around to see David running toward he , down the short corridor . Major carver aim he gun at David and fire as David move to one side in a evasive pattern , close the distance between they . the bullet hit David in the side , blood burst from he wound . he do not appear to notice this . the Major try to shoot David again , firing just as David move to the side of he gun arm . the bullet hit another mirror , breaking it . David slice OPEN the Major 's wrist with the box cutter , draw the blade up toward he elbow . the Major gasp , grab at David , drop he gun . blood pour out from he arm as he shove David away . 102 . int . maplewood barn - dance floor - evening - continuous pull luke , Anna run across the spin light of the dance floor , which be fill with fog . they race towards the dark maze that lead to the building 's entrance , goth music pound around they . int . maplewood barn - exit maze - evening - continuous Major carver drop to the floor of the mirror maze , clutching he arm . he roll and try to climb to he foot , but fall forward . major carver you ... you ... david you be go to bleed out in about a minute . maybe two . Major carver say nothing . he begin crawling forward through the fog , towards the entrance to the maze . David watch this , then lean down and pick up the Major 's gun from the floor . the Major continue crawl away from David , create a thick trail of arterial blood on the floor that be visible as the fog waft around he . david ( cont 'd ) you should not have follow I . Major carver continue crawl away from David , on he elbow , seemingly focus on some distant goal . he collapse at the entrance to the mirror maze . david ( cont 'd ) I do not know what you expect . Major carver reach forward with he uninjured arm , then he go still . his eye slowly close as the fog pool around he on the floor . David look down at Major carver 's corpse . he consider the gun in he hand , then set it down in the grow pool of blood around Major carver 's body . David calmly turn and walk towards the dance floor , leave the Major 's gun next to he body . 103 . int . maplewood barn - entry maze - first room -— continuous Anna and luke run through the dark corridor of the entry maze , towards the front door to the building . int . maplewood barn - maze entrance - night - continuous reaching the door , Anna attempt to open it . the door open a inch , then stop . look through the crack in the door , Anna can see that the door be chained shut . anna shit . Anna turn back , face the hall of the maze lead back out to the dance floor . Music be blaring on the dance floor . nothing else can be hear . luke Anna , it 's just David . I do not know what 's go on , but he would not hurt we . anna I need you to trust I , luke . come on . and be quiet . Anna pull luke forward , down the corridor . int . maplewood barn - entry maze - wooden hallway - continuous Anna and luke silently enter the wooden hallway near the front of the maze . almost immediately there be a scream and the wooden door rattle out at they . Anna and luke flinch away . int . maplewood barn - dance floor - evening - continuous walk across the foggy dance floor , David hear the electronic scream from the black maze . he smile slightly , walk forward , hold the bloody box cutter . 104 . int . maplewood barn - entry maze - wooden hallway - continuous Anna pull luke down the dark corridor , deeper into the maze . she whisper : anna come on ! Anna turn right at the end of the corridor , in the opposite direction of the path she take earlier . she and luke round another corner , disappear from view . the next moment , David appear , turn into the corridor they just vacate . he look around , listen , then turn towards the front entrance , move quietly . int . maplewood barn - entry maze —- junkyard - continuous Anna and luke hurry deeper into the maze , round another corner . luke and Anna find themselves in a chamber in the maze , fill with barrel and debris , design like a junkyard . there be a stack of barrel in one corner that appear design for a maze employee to hide behind in order to jump out and scare people . a gore-streaked dummy be propped in front of the barrel . Anna quickly pull luke towards the stack of barrel . anna I need you to hide in here . okay ? luke look at the hide space , then shake he head . luke what ? no way . look , Anna , David be probably just after that army guy . let 's just ... let 's go talk to he . anna luke . he kill mom and dad . they be go . luke blink . he smile hesitantly . luke no , he do not . you be just say that . luke look at Anna . she stare back at he with tear in she eye . luke stop smile . 105 . luke ( cont 'd ) I ... what ? Mom and dad be ...? Anna put both she hand on luke 's shoulder . anna please . just hide here , okay ? I be go to lead he away . do not come out unless you hear I or the police . okay ? luke hesitates , then nod , stare as if daze . he step back behind the stack of barrel , disappear from view . Anna quickly shift one of the barrel , further hide luke . anna ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I 'il come back for you . Anna turn and run deeper into the dark maze . Anna turn a corner , then another . she find herself face a dead end . hurriedly , Anna backtrack to she last turn , go the other direction , disappear from view . on the other side of the maze wall from Anna , David walk deeper into the maze , turn corner , still hold the bloody BOX cutter in front of he . David speak loudly . david I be really sorry about this , guy . David turn another corner . a scarecrow lean against one wall of this corridor . David ignore it , call out . david ( cont 'd ) I try to think of another way to do it . any other solution . Hidden behind the barrel , luke go quiet . David 's footstep be audible near he . fake lightning flash from a source overhead . move carefully , luke peer out between the barrel . as luke watch , David step into the chamber , look around . David move forward , hold the BOX cutter . David slowly walk past luke 's hide place , scraping the blade against a chain link fence that line the corridor . he continue speak as he move away . 106 . david ( cont 'd ) be you guy hide ? there 's no point . I lock the back door . I have to find you . luke go completely still as David pass he , barely breathe . he watch as David move away from he , near the chamber 's exit . David come to a stop at the chamber 's exit . he look around , then go perfectly still , listen . luke silently reach into he pocket and pull out the butterfly knife David give he . luke hold it in one tremble hand , close , he finger ready to open it . david ( cont 'd ) come on . where be you ? ( pause ) luke ? come on out , buddy . I be not go to hurt you . Inside the hide space , luke shift he weight slightly , clutching the knife . David spin around , staring at luke 's hide space . to luke , it appear as if David be stare directly at he , but from David 's perspective , he can only see the barrel and the dummy . David 's eye narrow , peer at the hide space . luke hold he breath . his hand shake slightly . David take a step forward , towards the stack of barrel . he hold the box cutter out in front of he . a crashing sound come from the other side of the barn , that of a mirror shatter . David move with unnatural speed , immediately spinning and run back out of the chamber , towards the maze 's dance floor exit . as soon as David be go , luke exhales , gasp . int . maplewood barn - dance floor - evening - continuous David run out of the dark maze , racing across the dance floor , towards the mirror maze . thick , pale fog shift across the dance floor , move by David 's speed . 107 . as David exit the dance floor , the song on the CD that be play end , seguee to another goth song . int . maplewood barn - exit maze - evening - continuous David run into the mirror maze , fog flowing in after he . he come to a stop at its entrance , stand by Major carver 's corpse . look around , David can only see he reflection look back at he , refracted by the break glass of one of the mirror in the corridor . David look down and , with he foot , shift around the fog that cover the floor , revealing the pool of blood that surround Major carver . Major carver 's gun be missing . David smile slightly . david hmm . as the fog shift back , David 's eye narrow . he kick at the fog again . it part , revealing the corridor floor . bloody footprint , from Anna 's sneaker , lead away from Major carver 's body , back towards the dance floor . David smile . crouch slightly , the box cutter in front of he , David move silently , shifting the fog in front of he with he foot , follow the bloody footstep . David stop at the dance floor entrance , look around . the fog be thick , cover the dance floor , illuminate in swirl spot by the spin mirror ball . David kick at the fog in front of he . it part , revealing anna 's sneaker , which rest on the dance floor directly in front of David . David look up . Anna be stand behind he in the mirrore corridor , aim Major carver 's pistol at he back . her foot be bare . anna you kill my parent . David blink , shifting he weight almost imperceptibly . david I do , yes . in a sudden movement , David spin around . anna fire . 108 . the bullet catch David in the chest , knock he back onto the dance floor . int . maplewood barn - dance floor - evening - continuous the fog part as David fall heavily to the floor . he do not move . Anna step from the mirror maze , the gun in she hand aim down at David . the fog shift back in , obscuring david from view . Anna hesitates , then step forward , waving she free hand in front of she , wafting the fog from she path . David be no longer on the floor in front of she . Anna spin around and be stabbed in the leg with the box cutter blade . it tear into she flesh through she tight . she fall to the floor , yelling in pain . David be crouch in the fog , the front of he shirt soak with he blood . he grin at Anna , he tooth bloody , then lunge forward at she . Anna aim the pistol at David . David knock it aside , grip Anna 's wrist as she fire . the bullet hit the grim reaper dummy in the corner of the room , knock it over . it fall forward , onto a bale of hay . its lantern send flame out onto the hay . David wrench the pistol from Anna 's grasp . it go skitter across the floor , disappear into the fog . David reach out and grab Anna 's neck with both hand . he tighten he grip , choking her . they struggle , both of they crouch in the fog on the dance floor , music blaring . Anna claw at David 's hand as he compress the artery in she neck . she struggle , go to she knee , frantically try to pull back he finger . David exhales with exertion . behind he , the bale of hay be starting to burn , the flame fill the fog around they with flickering light that illuminate David 's face . david stop it . it will be over in just a second . 109 . Anna stare up at David , she eye glassy from lack of oxygen . she continue to try to pull away he finger , but without strength , paw desperately at he hand . David regards Anna calmly , continue to strangle she . Anna 's hand drop to she side . her head slump forward . a knife blade stab into David 's back , then be wrenched back out . David turn around , release Anna , who fall to the dance floor , coughing and suck in air . luke be stand directly in front of David , hold the bloody butterfly knife in he hand . he stare at David tearfully , shaking . David cough , blood fleck he lip . he hold out he hand . david ( cont 'd ) hey. luke - luke step forward and stab david in the chest . David stumble back , the knife stick out from he chest . he hit the wall near the fog machine and slide down it , smear it with blood . David sprawl on the floor , he back to the wall , blood flow from he multiple wound . he swallow , look down at the knife in he chest , then look up at luke , he eye half open . david ( cont 'd ) hey ... luke stare at David . david ( cont 'd ) you do ... you do the right thing . I do not blame you . do not ... feel bad . David smile slightly at luke , then look over at Anna , who be still crouch on the floor . David open he bloody mouth , as if try to say something to Anna , then he eye close . David exhales and goe still . luke stare at David , then quickly reach down to help Anna to she foot . the flame be building behind they , ignite a curtain cover the wall . 110 . Anna lean against luke . when she speak , she voice be raspy . anna thank you . luke be you okay ? anna yeah . be you ? luke nod . Anna regards luke for a moment , then they make they way towards the dark maze lead to the front entrance . behind they , the flame have engulfed the far wall , and the fire be build steadily . luke support Anna as she limp slightly , she arm across he shoulder . fade to : ext . maplewood barn - parking lot - night - minute later Anna and luke stand near the back of a ambulance in the parking lot for the barn . Anna still have she arm across luke 's shoulder . behind they , the fire in the building appear to have be extinguish , smoke rising from the building 's burnt portion . firemen carry equipment to they truck . the large parking lot be fill with black suv and police car with light flashing . at the back of the ambulance , a paramedic shine a light into Anna 's eye , then glance over at luke . paramedic you sure you be both feel okay ? luke yeah . we be fine . a volunteer firefighter run up to the paramedic . fireman hey , they could use you inside . there 's body in there . the paramedic nod quickly , turn away from Anna and luke . he jog over towards the building with the fireman . 111 . ext . maplewood barn - rear entrance - moment later the paramedic and fireman move to join a group of emergency worker wait outside the rear entrance to the barn . firefighter in full protection gear , include hood and breathe mask , be move in and out of the building . the sound of fire deterrent foam spraying be audible within . smoke billow out from the door . the paramedic look to the volunteer firefighter . paramedic what 's the deal ? fireman guess there 's two body in there , both of they burn up pretty bad . one of the guy say they tooth be miss , get knock out , so I do not know what the deal be . soon as they give we the clear , we go in . the paramedic nod , watch mask man in full body protection gear exit the building . ext . high school parking lot - night - continuous at the rear of the ambulance , luke lean over and rest he head on Anna 's shoulder . Anna put she arm around he . she look around , surveying the activity around the smolder building . as Anna watch , one of the mask fireman emerge from behind the building . he turn he head around in all direction , then look over at Anna . Anna notice the mask fireman watch she . she blink , tired , then turn away , stare out into the distance , at the dark night sky . next to she , luke close he eye . the mask fireman watch Anna and luke for another moment , then turn and limp away , disappear into the darkness of the field behind the building . fade out .