the karate kid a original screenplay by Robert Mark kamen pinal draft October 15 , 1983 a Jerry weintraub production of a John G. avildsen Film for educational purpose only tse karate rid a original screenplay by Robert marx kamen revise 10-28-33 revise 10-29-82 revise 10-30-83 revise 10-31-83 ( pink ) revise 111-33 ( GREEN ) revise 11-2-33 ( gcldenrod ) revise 11-3-83 revise 11-9-€2 revise i1-11-83 ( white ) final drait October 15 , 1983 a Jerry weintraub productic of a jonn &. avildsen Film he turn to i * x 2 y ange a bievele strapse daniel ceen-andea-half , and he mether lucille , exit anc begin to unload che car . lucille ( excited ) look at shat dam ! would you look ?! Daniel , not as enthusiastic as he mother , struqgle < a get ris bixe off the reef rack , at she insistance he icok ip to four tall calm tree in front of the apart - ment complex . lucuille ( continue ) know what that mean ? daniel yeah , besides earthquake I get < 9 watch cut for fall coconut now . lucille Wise cuy . no more Newark winter . daniel I like winter , lucill , you like sore throat ? you like freeze toe ? with to daniel I do not lixe smog . how about like you 2 bout daniel yeah , a hundred time . so make it 2 aundred - and -cne . open you ere , my darl son , this be the Garden of eden ... ( beat ) «.. and we be in apartment twe -d . Lucille grab two suitcase and head into the apart - ment complex . Daniel finally get he bicycle off the roof . he pick up a carton of pot and pan and put they on the handle - bar , follow he mother af - ter a moment . as he reach the door he realize he cannot free up he hand so he cock he leg and kick out to open it , kkiai loudly . from the other side of the door come a thud and a dani enter to freddy , he age , pick eli up of the floor . ext . hall - day 3 * daniel oh , sorry . freddy . stokay . I shoulda look . * you the new people in two -d ? daniel * yeah . * freddy freddy fernandez . one -a . freddy and Daniel shake hand , daniel Daniel larusso . preddy lemme help you . eddy relieve Daniel of the suitcase on he handle rs . ory py =~ conte where vou irom ? daniel New Jersey . freddy wow ! whatcha doin ' here ? daniel my meem cot a job with a company cut here . rocket Computers . ( mimick ) Flight to the future . freddy never hear of it . daniel it 's up and come . Daniel and freddy past the pool , half empty , unbrackish . a rubber swan , the neck deflate , float listlessly . next to the p00l a old lady do a crossword puzzie and a old scruffy dog , panting from the heat , sit side - by-side . daniel ( continue ) hi ya , pup . the dog wag he tail as Daniel scratch he ear . old lady this place be a dump . you should go back to New Jersey . daniel how would you know I be from New Jersey ? old lady because I be from New Jersey , I get a nose for my own . daniel oh yeah ? where you from in Jersey ? old lady parsippany . and I never should have leit . daniel hey , my uncle louie be from parsiprany . we * 4 eb of + the 4 for a moment , tne olid Lady get excited . louie fontini ? louie laruisso . her excitement die . ld lady do not know ' im , he go back to she crossword puzzle . reddy start up che stair . with that , Daniel and 3s freddy she 's missin ' a few screw . daniel ( fondly ) she 's alright . int . stair - day freddy hey , be that ? karate ? daniel yeah . freddy be doin ' it long ? daniel ( evasive ) a while . freddy ever use it ? daniel coupla time . freddy Bet you can kick some ass , nuh ? as they reach he new apartment , Daniel shrug with false modesty , imply that indeed he have and can . freddy I would like to learn some of that . maybe you can teach I sometime . daniel ( gallant ) sure . fae emg oe . u whatena doin 's nothin’ . freddy great . I will come getcna in the morning . preddy scoot down the stair . Daniel enter the apartment . int , apartment - day baniel ente tax the of rs. ffensive . lucille not a word about the scol , please . I will call first thing in the morning . daniel you tell that lady downstairs where we be from ? lucille yeah . tell I , coe not she remind you of aunt tessy ? Daniel take a bowl from a box . daniel more lixe uncle louie . 3 before not can get a word off , Lucille as Daniel go toward the sink , Lucille talx on . lucille you know , I realiy think we be gonna do good here . I never feel so positive about anything in my lite this be really the right move . I be tell you , Dan . ( conti to 44 of of of rr ie} lucilis ( continue ) what 's that sor ? daniel - uncle lcuie 's dog . - ( beat ) I get invite to a party tomorrow . lucille eey , great . you see ? daniel iwas go to heip you unpack . lucille I do not remember say anything about that . daniel I must 'a have you confuse with somebody else , thanks , mar . Daniel exit . riment suilding = cay sa a int . maintenance shop - day Daniel enter . his eve a ature ire draw he round @ with loman ora : a stick i a namepatch on he as 4 daniel be you the maintenance man ? miyagi hai. daniel we be the new seople in 2d a ply' buz distract the old man . $ eye begin to follow it . his chopstick be up , poise . daniel uh , we faucet 's leax . miyagi do not seem to be listen any longer . his attention be rivete to the fly . can you come fix it ? miyagi rai. his eye follow the fly . Daniel watch vcerplex . suddenly , miyagi stab at the suzzing with he choo - stick . undaunted , he continue follow the noise . ( continue ) be enough to licx sld lady cussing where a the maintenance old lady you go down threuch there and you take a right , where it go to the leave , but not too far , then you go leave , and it will be on the right . daniel so I go leave , then right . cld lady fe no , right where it 's leave , then leave , then to the right . Daniel start walk in the general direction , totally confuse . +e of +e ee HH * daniel um , can I tell my mom when ? miyagi - when what ? daniel when you will come fix the faucet . miyagi 's attention be anywhere out on Daniel . miyagi after . daniel , after what ? . . miyagi - after . Daniel watch he follow the fly 's movement for a moment , and the exit , shaking he head . ext . beach - day ' 7 seclude strip cf sand at the bottom of steep brush cover hill . twenty kid cavort on the sand and in the water . daniel play soccer with freddy , alan , chuckie and billy . he be clearly the best of the bunch . the ball be kick high out of bound onto a blanket where a group of girl sit around a radio giggle and chat . as daniel jog over to retrieve the ball , ali , cute as a button , pick it up ready to toss it to he . they eye meet , ali smile . ali toss he the ball . daniel catch it on he knee , bounce it to he other knee , then to he head , then to he instep , then up to he hand . ali 's eye twinkle . she be duly impressed . her friend rise and they all run to the water . ali look over she shoulder once more before hit the surf . daniel be friend jog up . daniel who 's that ? , vee . freddy the hill , daniel wnat 's the hill . alan Rich . ( continued ) rey pevised 19-28-33 ( blue ) 7 , continued : 7 freddy take the ball and boot it . everyone run after it except daniel who linger for a moment , he eye on ali and she friend cavort in the wave . later - night ( fog ) 8 the fog nas roll in . the kid be gather around several camp fire . around be daniel and he new friend bobbling the soccer ball . daniel 's eye xeep drift over to where ali be sit around another fire with she friend . likewise , she eye be ucrift . toant . oaniel refuse . chuckie get a car ? daniel no . why ? chuckie this be the southland man , no wheel - no feel . but ali be still lock . freddy hey man , she be hot for you . daniel yeah , sure . freddy _. make a move . alan maybe they be not get no move where he come from . daniel I get move you turkey never hear of . mischievous , freddy loft the soccer ball onto ali 's blanket . preddy let 's see . other ( cont yeah , let 's a oo od wa a cel oo of oo wo the be that daniel not really . ali can you show I how the do it ? danizil sure . ext . hilltop - night johnny and the cobras pull u the beach . johnny have a 2 : of which fill the air with music . ke and bobby harmonize to the Sony . tommy pull apart a six pack . he proffer a can to johhny , who refuse . on the hilitep overlook johnny I pass . tommy be take a back . tommy what be this , something new ? johnny you cot it . tommy who be you kid . you be a major degenerate . johnny ex -degenerate . qam tomarrow I 'ma senior . I have one year to make it all work and that 's what I be go to do , make it work . all of it . right ? johnny and bobby slap a supportive five as tommy look towards the beach , mischief in he eve . tommy must be a new thing . look like everyone be try something new . johnny do not get he meaning . take a richt . ow tee ee + + ( tencernco} its ancient nistery man. pike . she break up . he didn joenny shoot dewn the hill . follow he lead . bobby ( to tommy ) you be such a asshole . tommy , the troublemaker , smile mischievously . bobby ride after johnny . 10 ext beach - night 10 angle on ali . she look up the hill light owe what be comine . hopin kick the ball hard toward the oc hapolly run to retrieve it and cce so . ees ali in conversation with isapeoint byt not wantir urn and 's ncuntec . od a heaé back to he own grcup where ali 's friend biker have all gather . suddenly , the blasz radio turn daniel 's attention and everyone else to ali and jchnny , Pov daniel - johnny be velling over the noise of the radio . his anger mount turn it off in ali 's azm . ali I do not want to talk . defiantly , ali switch it back on . now all feud couple . johnny take the radio oa , it . it hit the sand and go off just as daniel bend cown to pick it up . johnny don 's touch it . daniel pick it up anyway and go to hand it to ali . rip it from daniel 's hand . sohnny ali ( concerned let he nave it . ( c dae for a second daniel upwards punch . J nose draw bico . nese , lcox at a defensive position . we be even . like a tiger , NY settles into a fight stance . johnny . . no mercy . all try restrai 2s to restrain he . but tommy and dutch physically . she . ali stop it . johnny ignore ner as he stalk daniel . johnny 's friend pickup he chant . friend no mercy . daniel 's friend exhort they boy . freddy - drep he man . karate he . suddenly johnny 's foot rip out towards danisl 's groin . reflexively daniel 's h stop to block it but the les at the last second . johnny 's roundhouse kick catch Da in the face . daniel stagger back , hold one eye . pursue he , landing a viscicus baxace cf punch . connect . daniel try to enc himself but to neo avail johnny beat daniel into the sand before bceb3y restrain hin . * at that moment Ali breax through dutch and tommy . she pusn * johnny , she anger explode . ali * come on hit I , will that make you * feel good , come on . * johnny smile at she dramatics , as he friend crowd around . '' johnny * it 's you fault . johnny and other mount they motorcycle as group disperse . * chuckie * what a bullshit artist . * as the kid drift off ali rush to the still prostrate daniel . ali be you ok ? humiliate , hurt he want to be leave alone . daniel -* + leave I alone . - - ali let I help you . Sne go to touch hin . ' he pull away . daniel I just wanna be alone . at that moment johnny lead he friend on motorcycle over ali be radio . rebuffed , she allow barbara to lead she of . pull back on daniel sprawle on the foacy beach as the kid all disppear into the night . + * lucille Daniel . oh ! she be sts y Daniel the darkest cair of oversize nis face , she turn back to the stove . lucille ( continue ) how be the party ? daniel okay . lucille must have be more than okay . I do not : hear you come home , any friend material ? Daniel be take some orange juice from the refrigerator , guipe it down , look to exit quickly . daniel some . I gotta go . lucille eat first . daniel I be not hungry . lucille I do not ask if you be huncry . you neeé energy to be charming . daniel I get enersy . see ya . Lucille sense something be wrong . lucille Daniel , take off the glass . hey mar , it 's cali take tem cff . my baby drown . daniel ma , c'mon . Lucille grow suspicious . lucille be you on something ? daniel yean , '' lucille why be you hide you eye ? daniel I be not hide my eye . lucille then take off the glass . daniel ma. lucille now . her hand slam the counter for emphasis . Daniel remove the class , Lucille 's anger fade to a gasp , when she see Daniel 's big black eye . lucille ( continue ; run over ) on my God ! how do this happen ? daniel ( explain : tonit a curb wi then it hic I ee ee * * il 12 13 ris bixe , the building , * he peck he mother on the cheek . * daniel ( continue ) it 's okay , really , Lucille neds , hurti she son . Daniel siio the glass back on leave she alone , concerned , but impotent . ext . high school - day 12 & the first day of lea pec b 13 through the so rkis eye be L car and metorcy nm scort cur , cnr bike , chop a not red . Zvoeryone to know everyone i . as Daniel chain he bike to the bike rack he see johnny show off he new Honda 750 cc at e 5 * anxious to avcid be netice , Daniel hucrie the school 's entrance , when freddy 's voice can he attention and johnny 's . * freddy hey , karate kid . let 's see * they move ! * chuckie * the only move he knews be how * to get he ass kick . * freddy . * I already know how to do that * one . * all '' ing . * nav 's , * aumiliaci I move turn aback daniel it look worse than it feel . ali I hope so . it look terrible . I never get a chance to thank you . daniel it be nothing . I be sorry sbeut the radic . ali about you eve I be more so . ye lec he have it . you should dantel why ? t be not he . 15 16 7 a u continued : 1s his attitude earn she admiration . ali watch . she pick up Daniel 's soccer ball and do the routine he show she at the beach . it 's obvious she 's prac - tice . his heart swell . lady coach cheerleader ! Ali give Daniel back the ball . ali I gotta go . she trot off . daniel hey what 's you name ? Ali stop . turn . ali. ( beat ) with a i. she smile that smile and rush off . angle on : johnny , a member of the soccer team . he have see the whole thing . Bobby and Tommy , there for try - out , have also . johnny 's eye meet theirs . cur to : a soccer ball against a blue sky , fall towards 16 earth . angle on daniel go up to head it . out of nowhere , a elbow smashes inte he solar plexus . Daniel crum - ble to the turf . the play head down field . daniel be Pov : Tommy look over he shoulder . Bobby run alongside and slap he five . ext . field - day 17 Daniel , aware of Ali 's eye on he from the sideline , drive down field -- go strong . he pass one de - fender , then fake out another . there be only one man leave between he and the goal : Bobby . Daniel fake leave , Bobby commit . {continued ) 7 18 t when from danie sacod 2d the 5 b 's niel sprin coaches and 3 = 2 sepa - rate ch face danie coach out ! daniel {furious ) he hook I . coach I say out . we get no place for tnat kinéa crap on this tean . Bobby smile at Daniel maliciously . the coach blow he whistle . coach back to it . play resume . as Bobby jog of : flin Daniel tt bird . Daniel lime off fr ecte , past Al and the other aspire haze and 's ing away . he do net fight , team , fight ! angle on Ali , watch Daniel vass , feel for he . int . apartment ~ dusk Daniel sit on a couch , pensive , durdene by the event of the last two day . the door oven . uucilie rush in . Daniel cover with a big smile , as if he do not have a care in the world , daniel hi , ma! Lucille hurry past he towards the bedroom . she begin to rustle through she closet . lucille hi , hon ! how 's che es ( continue } ( excited ) I get a job . ( sarcast yeah . I know . ff Flight to the fut crash land in the more like it . they bankrupt last Friday . '' can you believe it ? daniel ( hope ful } so we be go home ? lucille honey , we be home . see my black shce ? l hand they to she . daniel so what 's this job ? lucille listen to this , I walk out of rocket with the beginning of excedrin headache one through ten about to come on , and I be go back to the car when this woman come fly out of this restaurant , the ent Express , and she 's scream , quit ! I quit ! " right behind she be this guy yell just as leud , " you can not quit , you be red ! " it 's one minute to noon , seoplea be come in to lunch , I be the first but only applicant -- I get the job . daniel ( displease ) so after go the school and all this night class and stuti for computer , you be go to be a waitress we ( contine of + of +k bk th * + a oo oe kk rf + k or of 18 cont nued : a ( 2 ) 13 lucille hostess dantel Big ditference . lucille there be . but it 's only temporary , anyway . just +o keep bread on the tabie . daniel ( beat ) I get my drive permit . lucille ( nalt listen ) that 's nice . this go ? ( continued ) * 18 19 continued : ( 2 ) 18 she hold up a pair of earring , one on either lobe . daniel uh-huh . Lucille clip on the earring and start to do she lipstick . daniel if I get enough practice in , I can get my license on my birthday . lucille how do I look ? she have not hear a word Daniel say . his mood de - flate . daniel ( deject ) great ! lucille orush ) there 's stuff in the fridge . see ya later . she hurriedly peck he cheek and exit . rejection begin to set in when the door reopen abruptly . lucille how 's Friday afternoon ? dantel for what ? lucille driving lesson . Daniel 's cloud lift . he beam at he mother . Lucille smile knowingly and exit , leave she son alone , but this time , smile . int . live room - day 19 Daniel be do front snap kick , refer time and again to a karate instruction book open , propped up on the couch . the kick be awkward . daniel 55 , 56 , 57a a knock on the door interrupt he count . he open it to miyagi , hold a wrench . miyagi bow , wave the wrench . ( continued ) 20 19 . contin miyagi fix faucet . Daniel allow he to enter . miyagi ( continue ) karate ! you ? daniel yeah ! miyagi oh , very good . learn from book ? daniel yeah , and a few month at the * y.m.c.a. where we live . miyagi what happen eye ? daniel fell cif my bixe . miyagi and not hurt hand ? Daniel loox at he hand , then at the cold man . he return to the live room and resume nis kick . miyagi start to fix the faucet . Pov miyagi : Daniel try a lethal - look technique which lock anything but . int . school cafeteria - day 20 Daniel be at the cashier pave for lunch . Ali scoot through the line forfeiting everything except a con - * tainer of milk to get to Daniel . * ali hi. daniel hey , Ali with a I . how you '' doin ' ? * ali okay . so , how do you like * the Valley so far ? * ( continued ) D 1 /1 , 33 io ye Z0 continued : 29 daniel it 's not dull . ali be Newark cull ? daniel how would you know I be from Newark ? ali ( sweetly ) I ask . her interest make Daniel feel 10 - foot tall . daniel you sit with anyone ? ali you. ( beat ) sorry about soccer tryout . ( continued ) + + +e of 20a ali he 's my ex~boyfriend . the news stop Daniel in he track . ext . eating area the rey be oo 20 a Daniel cock he head to the side as if listen to somecne . daniel I know . I know . you be right . Ali look at he strangely . alt what be that all abcut ? daniel it 's this little voice ... give I advice . ali what would it say ? canizl that I have get to be some kind of coconut to pursue this . ali it 's over . daniel how over ? ali + eh * * 20a daniel she a step behind . connny sit at a table with he buddy , 2 some ciris . Tommy tap he arm ané sd Ali and Daniel move to they seat , talxing , s7 ing . jonhnny smile die , 22 scocd uD Tommy 's blueberry pie and slide across the cafete with he tray end up right behind Ali and Daniel as they be about to sit . clcseup : the chair . as Daniel lower himself , a piece of blueberry pie slip onto the seat inch ahead of he white pants .. contact be make with a audible squish . girl 0000 -~- gross ! Daniel rise . his eye and Ali 's go to the seat of he blueberry smear dant . , xid at the surround table rucberneck . laughter and giggle erupt . in the aisle across the way , johnny and he friend be slapping each other " five , " hysterical with laughter ali ( to johnny ) you jerk ! Daniel 's smolder eye meet johnny 's taunting one . Daniel 's face go passive . he wipe the thick * blueberry mess off he pants , hold it in he * hand calmly , with measure step he walk to where * johnny be stand . johnny 's eye : drop for a moment . * loseup : the gob of blueberry . * jchnny * ( derisive ) * do not even think about it , * * worm . johnny 's eve look up in disbelief just as Daniel cainly plancs the goo on he chest and smear it gown to he belt . johnny stare at the mess for then go ff i boy jump drive ime , continued : his bike be str the street the cora Kai karate loto , lucille Kevin and xenny see you now they would have a con on . you will have a license before they even touch a steering wheel . . daniel um ... you remember when mister maletta 's pizza truck go through that fence ? lucille when he put the reward out ? daniel yeah , ( beat ) that be we . lucille you be only ... daniel thirteen ? lucille ( affectionate ) you little heedlum . Boy , could I go for a slice of maletta 's pizza with he sausage and all that extra cheese he use to use . daniel oh ! that 's a great idea , mar . let 's go . I will drive . lucille you never give up . dantel that 's my middle name . lucille in here . she have almost miss the cri startle , Daniel turn abrurtly . ve curb , the car stall . Daniel leox over Pov daniel : 's ss the nn 22 * ackoss * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * x * * * * * * * * taurant . * hit the * shoulder . ( continced ) 22 23 24 25 y 26 I will be a sec ' , m uct oxay . not too lon will not be able to Lucille hurry inside the restaurant . omitted 23 & 24 ext . cobra fai dojo - day 25 Daniel look into a trophy laden window , in the midst of the glitter hardware be two photograph . one of JOHN kreese , granite jaw , hard eye in Green beret fatigue wich the caption capt . joen kfesse . od. i. parris island , U.S.M.C. and the other also of kreese in a black gi and black belt hold the biggest trophy imaginable and caption 3ll american OPEN & zarat ceam = pion 1979 - 73 . int . dogo - day 26 as Daniel encer , fifteen student , range from slack belt to white belt , kneel , they back to the door and Daniel , emblazon on the dack of every student 's be the school emblem : a hood cobra rise ominously over a clench fist . ( continued : as one , collective joenny tne class sow at the waist . omitted no's Pov : Daniel be go . the slight trace smile creep across johnny 's mouth . int . orient express - late afternoon his appetite fle , Daniel push he food around the plate . Lucille , positive , enthusiastic , sit down . lucille guess what ? I and go trainee . as a manager . that great ? daniel yeah . lucille they have this program : to be be not two night a week . as scon as a spot open you be in . bene work in computer . for everything . daniel nunenthuse ) great . Lucille see he despondency . locille what 's the matter , Dan ? daniel nothing . and the its ?! I would never set they they pay ( continged 4 the of 27 through 29 30 * + k '' @ Oct wty @ at meg at we be not be we ? I guess no Lucille try to lignten thse mood . and what 's wit situation ? it 's okay . just okay ? shrug and the smail be mouth telis iuc * 4 ah a * oo a cr oe m of of with wv oo y oo ul aw si J oo of hi me , uw a ' rd 's I for ' 4 t oo * 'w hh g '' of ff ' oo qari tg ff a veo gv a vou a ) a a ay 3 } & fa a 1 aw no co my oa p> u oo} og we bo with ° 4 ) is ] ou '' to wy ct 1 ] oo m = es 3 o t ) '' tf un no a hi ad 1s od oo B a uv wh Le ' mm '' gb 1 we 9 oy scvcle fs spre not 5 723 £ € night lot ing c é ro eo we wk ae ree Bob be I + meat ut be a a vob 3 W - 9 * ac mo oo a 2 hn ec og v will 43 '' for oo : og th oo oo oe oo un oe 1 's ' ucilis be e eh we . er cna sa ort in the have a i : 36 continued : 36 daniel bike accident . ali this be my friend , Susan . you remember Daniel . from the beach . susan oh yeah . the hero . Daniel blushes . alt we be go to the arcade . wanna come ? daniel ( brightly ) sure . they begin to walk . susan what kind of bike you get , Daniel ? a Honda ? Daniel be at a loss for word . daniel no , a miyagi . ali I never hear of that . daniel it 's new . just out . hot . susan when do we get a ride ? on the spot , Daniel be about to bluff when he see something at the curb which stop he cold : the cobras . daniel uh I forget something : he head back to the building . ali I will come with you . daniel no , that 's okay . I will see you around , and with a few quick stride he be inside . of ny cae : : wy oa : 4 '' 4 : ' at 1 gc ny '' or to mm as '' c a , . . . u . . my a lo for a : otte " 8 S ~ fh to 4s set rv - g 3 oo . Z 5 we 2 oo not oo '' ws a v with be oa y 3s 7 '' fq n as 44 ol fa to wl 7 a z oo a a fl I in we wl wt 4 " a iz a ab 's Mt uD a oo y ty ' be m a a > 's a a ) m h uv . '' ut . fa ) a o a tr 4 " od 1 t a a be katy ty ' uh 0 ) ct : t oa 4 dm - 4 " '' b oa uy ao . goon uv , ' mo of sd diet uy ct nf ie et a ao aoc a tt 's : ' aed of F arent '' , bl qa ae ioe ~ '' go 1 i a will aw tt oh " - : i tews yt at oe moog oo : 1 : [ os oo am iv} : . tht span U : rt nom os vu : ' oy nm . on be t ' i oo a the oes rarr by yoosear gd a : oto fe sth ee 4 . ttt ee gated eet oo G cot tea @ eh ee at t erg hfs eae ty a mom eee ord mte by st , ay to x at corromen al chipteos 1d a2 a 1h n . the of at 0 a 43 continued : 31 . 43 daniel be this real ? miyagi Hai ! daniel how would they get so small ? miyagi I train , clip here , tie there . daniel where would you learn how ? Japan ? miyagi Okinawa , daniel where ? miyagi my country . small island . Japan here . China here . Okinawa -- here . he show the distance to Daniel with he hand . Daniel finger a tree . daniel you go to school for this ? miyagi no . Father teach . daniel he be a gardener ? miyagi fisherman . daniel they be really beautiful . miyagi you like try ? daniel I be afraid I will mess it up . miyagi Close eye . Daniel hesitates for a moment , but something in the old man 's face be reassure . ( continued ) 43 44 continued : ( 2 ) 43 miyagi concentrate . think only tree . make perfect picture down to last leaf . wipe mind clean , everything but tree . nothing exist in the whole world . just tree . concentration etch on Daniel 's face as the old man speak . miyagi you get ? Daniel nod . miyagi open eye . remember picture ? daniel yes . miyagi push a small bushy pine tree in front of he along with a pair of clipper . miyagi make like picture . miyagi go back to he own tree . Daniel be over - whelmed by the task . miyagi look up for a moment , smile . miyagi trust picture . daniel but how do I know if my picture 's the right one ? miyagi if come from inside you , always right one . tentatively , Daniel make the first cut . he look at miyagi for approval . miyagi nod . Daniel clip again and again . miyagi smile . Daniel 's concentration zero in on the tree . ext . parking lot - night 44 Lucille exit from the car . she see Daniel 's bicycle , repair , outside miyagi 's shed . curious , she ap - proaches , Pov lucille through the window : Daniel work on he tree , while miyagi instruct he . the sight gladden she heart . jell , thank yo iam gcing to peecr h ( touch ) 33 . revised 10-23-83 ( blue : ~ 44a int . maintenance shed - night 442 * daniel and miyagi be clipping tree . lucille appear at the entrance . lucille hi. daniel hey , mom , lucille you fix you bike . daniel Mr. miyagi fix it . come on in . lucille oh great ( beat ) thank you very much lucille open she pocketook . 4 lucille how much do we owe you ? miyagi my pleasure . lucille well , thank you . miyagi welcome . miyagi bow . lucille not know how to respond dip awkwardly from the waist . lucille what be you do ? daniel trimming . like baby tree ? miyagi wensal tree . miyagi no forget tree , practice , miyagi put the clipper in daniel 's pocket , daniel thanks , miyage .... welcome . sayonara , daniel and lucille walk to the screen door ( ad lib ) , daniel - he give you the best one . leek the bike work perfect . 45 ext . apartment house - dusk ( six weexs later ) Daniel sit on the stair , in a blee funk . below , '' " freddy and he friend emerse in dallowean costume joke and laugh , Daniel 's glocm ueepzen . 46 int . maintenance shed - puusk 46 daniel come to the screen door and enter . daniel Mr. miyagi . miyagi be not there . daniel look around for a moment and then notice a big Jack -o-latern carve with a Oriental face , next to it a smaller pumpkin @rawn in outline with a similar face , uncarve . daniel admire then wistfully . miyagi enter , surprise daniel . miyagi danielsan , long time no see , daniel yeah , I have be busy . miyagi unload little pack of candy from a bag . he toss one to daniel . miyagi + happy Halloween ( beat ) how bonsai come ? daniel good , good . 45 +e ee eg * 2-350 tama notice daniel admire pumpkin . daniel do you do this ? daniel pat pumpkin . miyagi daniel miyagi hai. hand daniel a carve knife . miyagi like try ? take the carve knife and begin to carve the smaller pumpkin . miyagi pass school . Big doing . not go ? daniel no. miyagi how come ? daniel do not feel like it . miyagi too much by self , danielsan , no good . daniel I be not by myself , I be with you . miyagi to make honey , young bee need young flower . not old prune . daniel I do not have a costume anyway . miyagi if have costume , would go ? daniel you remember that bike accident ? miyagi hai. daniel they be not accident . so , like , unless I go as the invisible man , I would be better off stay here . sa 16 we uw int . gym - night . 47 a shower complete with curtain , shower head and grey yarn for water apcear at the entrance . the front curtain be suly slightly and Daniel peek out at the decorate - for - Zalloween cum . a thousand costume kide gyrate to a hard rock number under a strobe . Daniel 's eye find Ali , a scantily - clad harem gizl , dance in a group . as the fast number stop and a slow number begin Daniel asorcach she . ceuple be pa no off in close clinch . Daniel come up behind Al open he curtain , encircle she and close it . she turn , startle , but come nose to nose with Daniel break into a smile . daniel wanna dance ? her arm encircle he neck . his go around she waist . ali I never dance with a shower before , ) in such close proximity thing steam up fase '' 2450 . ali where have you be hide , 1£ have not see you for week , daniel it be busy . ( continued ) 47 48 36 . continued : 47 ali I be glad you get unbusy . daniel I too . word lose they meaning . eye do the talk . slowly they head close the inch gap between they until they lip meet : torrid yet tender , intimate yet innocent . the heat rise . ali want to go outside ? daniel sure . still face to face , they try to walk , laugh at the awkwardness of they position . Ali get turn around . Daniel open the curtain enough to see . Pov both : twenty yard off in the crowd a giant chicken flop around with a basket of egg . the chicken 's eye fix on the shower . he remove a egg from he basket and begin to run toward they , cluck and flap . daniel oh no . the chicken leap high in the air . chicken two point ! a egg come out the top of the shower and splatter on Daniel 's head . Ali laugh at the sight . outside the chicken crow . Daniel force a smile as the egg drop down he forehead . int . bathroom 48 Inside the shower , Daniel wipe the last spot of egg when he hear a voice he know only too well . bobby ( v.0o . ) you ready ? johnny ( o0.s . ) in a minute . bobby ( {v.0 . ) I will get the guy . voice over # 1 exit , leave the room empty . Daniel look under the stall at one pair of leg . ( continued ) 48 49 50 51 52 ww revised 10-23-33 [ continued : - 48 be climb up on the sink and peer over the top of the toilet . Pov daniel : jonnny seat , roll scme joint . Daniel be reacy to flee when he eye catch a hose , a mop and a bucket in the corner . a light bulo go off in he head . he run the hose cver a light fixture so tne nozzle be ain at the stall , turn on the water and run out . right into the arm of the rest of the cobras . johnny ( 0.s. ) fuck ! ! Daniel dce not waste a second . he break loose and head for the gym . a moment later johnny exit furi - ous , soaking wet . the cobras take off in pursuit . int . gym 49 Daniel cun through the crowd , past ali. de be about to explain when he see the cobras see he . he split . as the cobras pass Ali all become clear to she . she stick cut she foot , trip johnny . fhe other topple over he . omitted 50 ext . school - night in shedd he costume in bit and piece Daniel run across the street . Cars screech to a halt , rear end @ach other , as the cobras come rush out . ext . vacant lot ~ night . . 52 wind , tiring , daniel take off across a weed choke lot . at the end of the lot be a chain link fence , beyond the fence be hone and safety . daniel reach the fence and leer . his hand grasp the top as he struggle to pull himseli over , he be drag down from behind by johnny . the other catch up , breathe hard , theiz face obscure in shadow . the surround daniel and with one last desparate attempt he try to break cway , punch and kai loudly but johnny 's knee to he chest end all that . johnny * you could not leave well enough alone , could you you little twirp and now you be go to pay for it . * joenny , soaking wet and furious , lift daniel by he collar and push he to one of he compatriot . . the. cobras push daniel around setilug he up for jcenny 's vicious kick technicue . he be pushedaround three time . johnny hit he each time until at last he be prostrate onthe ground . ee * ( continue ~~ - , - : johnny get he up . the other hang back , hesitant to do more damage . bobby come on man , he 's have it . johnny ( robot like ) aman face you , he be you enemy . a enemy deserve no mercy . get he up . bobby ' c'mon , man , he 's have it . johnny - ( robot -like ) - '' a man face you , he be you enemy . a enemy deserve no mercy . get he up . two of the other cobras cbey , prop the almost un - '' conscicus figure against the fence . johnny back up , take a run start , and leap into the air . daniel be Pov : through blurred visicn , he watch johnny 's lethal side kick unfold in slow motion , aim for he head . > too weak to moye , he wait for the inevitable impact , when out of nowhere a figure leap the fence , push Daniel to the ground .. johnny 's foot hit the fence a second later with such force a slat crack where Daniel 's head be . daniel be Pov frcm the ground : a small , lithe figure , obscure by shadow , poise opposite the cobras ina low cat stance . the first three cobras attack . ina 4 moment , they be on the floor , writhe in pain , as the anonymous defender lash out with punch and kick . johnny , the last one leave stand , charge madly . the mystery figure somersault towards he , shoot he leg up into johnny 's expose groin . johnny stop dead , choke , and crumble . Daniel 's vision fade to black . 53 int . maintenance shed - night 53 Daniel revive , he vision clear . he look around at a familiar set . a repugnant smell catch he . nose . he remove a offensive compress from he head - when miyagi appear . miyagi leave on . ( continued ) 53 continued : 53 he firmly slap the compress on Daniel 's head . daniel it stink . miyagi smell bad . heal good . as miyagi dab at Daniel 's cut and bruise , Daniel look around . . daniel where 's the other guy ? miyagi blink . a revelation slowly unfold . dantel you ? miyagi bow and smile . daniel no . miyagi why no ? daniel because -- because -- but the word will not come . miyagi because old man ? a kettle whistle . miyagi rise . he go over to the hot plate and pour two cup of tea . Daniel sit up slowly . daniel why do not you tell I ? miyagi what ? daniel that you know karate . miyagi never ask . daniel where would you svarn ? ( continued ) 53 continued : {2 ) 33 miyagi from father . daniel I think ke be a fisherman . miyagi all miyagi know two thing . Fish and karate . karate come from Okinawa . matter of fact , miyagi ancestor bring from China in sixteenth century , call " Te . " Hand . later , fancy pants uncle eall karate , empty hand . daniel I think it come from like Buddhist temple and stuff . miyagi watch too much tv . miyagi remove Daniel 's head cloth , rinse it out , and reapplies it . daniel have you ever teach anyone ? miyagi no . daniel would you ? miyagi depend . daniel on what ? miyagi reason . daniel how 's revenge ? miyagi look revenge that way danielsan , start by digging two grave . daniel at least I would have company . ( continued ) 53 continued : 4i. ( 3 ) 53 miyagi Fighting always last answer to problem . daniel no offense , Mr. miyagi , but I do not think you understand the problem . miyagi understand perfect . Friends karate student , yes ? daniel yeah , miyagi Problem attitude . daniel Problem be , I be get my ass kick every other day . miyagi yes . because boy learn wrong attitude . karate use to defense . daniel that 's not what this jerk be teach . miyagi can see . no such thing bad student , only bad teacher . teacher say , student do . daniel ( sarcastic ) oh , great . that solve everything . I just have to go down to they school and straighten it out with the teacher . miyagi now use head for something besides target . daniel I be only kid . miyagi why ? ( continued ) 53 continued : ( 4 ) 53 daniel ' Cause I will get kill if I show up there . miyagi get kill anyway . miyagi have a point . Daniel step and think about it . daniel would you come with I ? miyagi no can do . daniel you say it be a good idea . miyagi for you . ( beat ) for I , rule number one , no like get involved . daniel but you be already involved . miyagi so sorry . Daniel get up and throw the rag off . daniel well thanks for nothing . I do not have enough trouble . now I gotta carry you weight too . Daniel stalk out . miyagi 's face reflect he troubled thought . 54 ext . maintenance shed - night 54 Daniel be halfway to he building . miyagi danielsan . Daniel stop and turn , petulantly . miyagi okay , I go . ( continued ) 54 43. continued : 54 Daniel 's petulance give way to a smile . miyagi turn to go back to the maintenance shed . daniel Mr. miyagi . what belt do you have ? miyagi otug at he belt ) canvas . you like ? daniel ( surprised ) yeah , it 's very nice . miyagi j.c. penney , $ 3.98 . miyagi see by Daniel 's face that he joke be not understand . miyagi in Okinawa , belt mean " do not need rope hold up pants . " karate here . ( tap he head ) here. ( tap he heart ) not here . ( he pull on he belt ) understand ? Daniel nod . miyagi good night , danielsan . miyagi enter the maintenance shed and close the door . ext . maintenance shed - day 55 miyagi wait by he dusty old pickup . Daniel arrive , nervous as can be . miyagi know how drive ? daniel uh , yeah . miyagi slap the truck 's key into he hand and climb into the passenger side . daniel uh , I be not very good . ( continued ) 55 56 57 continued : 55 miyagi then must practice . Daniel climb in behind the wheel and start the en- gine , grinding the ignition . daniel I do not really have a license . miyagi I , either . miyagi look straight ahead , wait to be off . omitted / 56 int . dojo - day 57 closeup : on the wall a poster : all valley under 18 OPEN karate championship . twenty student stand in four line do punch from a difficult horse-stance position . kreese prowl the rank , bark the cadence . as miyagi and Daniel take seat in the first row of the visitor 's section , one of the student shift he eye a fraction in they direction . ina flash , kreese sweep he leg out . the student 's head hit the wooden floor hard , open a gash above he eye . kreese fire a fist towards the stunne boy 's face , kiai ferociously . the fist stop a hair 's breadth from the boy 's nose . the whole class stop in mid-punch . ' no one bat a eye , kreese lose concentration in a fight , and you be dead meat . the student do not move . blood trickle from wound . kreese Excuse yourself . the student jump up , bow to kreese , and run into the locker room , shame . kreese combat . the class rush to don hand and foot protector . Bobby 's eye , which be suitably blacken , catch Daniel and miyagi . he nudge johnny , whose glare make Daniel squirm . ( continued ) lucille a and put it miyagi no forget tree , practice . miyagi put the clipper in daniel 's pocket . daniel thanks . miyagi welcome . sayonara . daniel and lucille walk to the screen door ( ad lib ) . daniel he give you the best one . look the bike work perfect . 45 ext . apartment house ~ dusk ( six weexs later ) Daniel sit on the stair , in a blue funk , below , preddy and he friend emerge in Halloween costume joke and laugh . Daniel 's giocn deepen , 46 int . maintenance shed - pus k Daniel enter . miyagi be not present , but several miniature Jack o'lantern , carve in a oriental motif , be . Daniel examine then wistfully , then sit down to work on he tree which be really shaping up . miyagi with a arm full of plumbing supplies , include a shower head , enter . . - miyagi _. danielsan . happy Halloween , daniel you too . miyagt pass school . Big going . Daniel do not respond . . miyagi - not go ? . daniel no. miyagt how come ? daniel do not feel like it . 45 46 bonsai tre . miyagi bonsai . daniel bonsai . lucille walk over to examine a tree . lucille they be beautiful . daniel Mr. miyagi learn in Okinawa . that be where he be from . lucille really . miyagi present lucille with a tree . lucille for I ? no , no .. I could not . miyagi be insistent . miyagi please . hurt feeling . lucille ( touch ) well , thank you very much . I know just where I be go to put it . miyagi bow . lucille not know how to respond , dip at the waist . lucille come on , we have get to go - it 's get late . School tomorrow , daniel be up in a half hour . lucille ( insistent ) nr. wetve get to go now . you have get to get to bed , lucille ( to miyagi ) thank you for everything . 57 '' Fe continued : 57 kreese Brown , Robertson . Bobby jump up , along with another student , jerry , and run to face kreese . both boy bow to kreese and turn to face each other . rreese bow . engarde . begin . before the word be out , Bobby spin , bury he foot in Jerry 's stomach , double himover . Bobby look at kreese for approval . kreese ( stern ) what be you look at ? finish he . Bobby jump on the prostrate student , deliver a chop to the back of he expose neck . he snap to attention before kreese . kreese nod . Bobby bow to he . kreese stand over Bobby 's hapless opponent , who be still on he knee try to catch he breath . kreese ( address the class ) we do not train to be merciful . mercy be for the weak . here , on the street , in competition , a man confront you , he be the enemy . a enemy deserve no mercy . angle on daniel : he have hear this word before . rreese ( gruffly ) get up , mister . Jerry try to stand , but he wind have not return . kreese yank he up by he gi until the boy 's face be inch from he own . his eye turn hypnotic , demand . kreese pain purify . the mind be master . the boy gasp for breath . kreese say it . jerry oain , :.ify . the mind be master . ( continued ) 57 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 57 rreese louder . jerry pain purify . the mind be master . kreese louder . jerry ( shouting ) pain purify . the mind be master , ss kreese give I a hundred on the board . the boy drag himself to a sit - up board at the far end of the dojo , assume a position and begin to doa series of painful sit-up . rreese lawrence , Johnson . johnny and another boy he age jump up to face kreese , johnny move with a slight limp . as not present he - self before kreese , he shoot a look at miyagi and Daniel . kreese what 's the problem , Mr. lawrence ? johnny lean forward and whisper in kreese 's ear . kreese 's hard eye train on Daniel and miyagi . angle on Daniel , fidget uncomfortably . daniel let 's go . as he go to rise , miyagi 's hand rest on he knee , stay he . kreese , with johnny behind he , ap - proaches . he stop before miyagi , tower over he , glower . kreese I understand you jump on my student last night . miyagi think fact mix up . kreese you call my boy a liar ? ( continued ) 57 continued : a7 . ( 3 ) 57 miyagi not call no one nothing . kreese what be you here for , old man ? miyagi ask leave boy alone . kreese what 's the matter ? he can not take care of he own problem ? miyagi one to one problem , yes . four to one problem , too much ask anyone . kreese ( smug ) that 's what 's bother you ? the odd ? we can fix that . feel like match , Mr. lawrence ? johnny anytime , sensei . kreese look at Daniel and speak to another student . . rreese get hima gi. ( beat ) that better ? miyagi no. kreese ( sarcastic ) well , what more can we do to accommodate you ? miyagi no more fight . kreese this be a karate dojo . not a knitting class . he thrust a gi into Daniel 's chest . kreese now let 's get on with it . ( continued ) 57 continued : ( 4 ) 57 miyagi take the gi from Daniel and put it neatly on @ the chair . he motion for Daniel to follow he . as they turn to leave , kreese block they path . kreese you do not come into my dojo , drop a challenge and leave , old man . now get the kid on the floor , or , antique or not , you and I have a | serious problem . i miyagi too much advantage , you dojo , kreese ( hard ) name a place . miyagi point to the tournament poster on the wall . angle on daniel : his knee all but buckle . his face go white . kreese 's anger evaporate . a smile break ) across he face . he begin to laugh . all he student laugh with he . ' kreese ry you get real ball , old man . Real balis . ( beat ) okay , we will go for that . wo not | , we , Mr. lawrence . johnny yes , sensei . ) kreese ( exaggerated politeness ) any other accommodation I can make for you , sir . miyagt want student leave alone to train . kreese ( humorous ) pushy little bastard , be not ya ? ( beat ) what the hell ? no one from here lay a hand on the prima donna until the tournament . ( continued ) it ors , ET ty nrta yes , orth noe noo i ) s8 59 distance and you . glare gizectly . he sow 3 she bigger man and exit , goon he neeis . miyagi meet xreese 's a courteously , nove Daniel follow : ext . dojo 58 Daniel be a quivering mass of concern border on hysteria . daniel why would you do that ? you say we be gonna find a solution . miyagi do . save three month beat . danisl ( exasperate ) oh , God ! miyagi flip the truck key to Daniel . a ext . miyagi house - crane shot - dann for dusk 593 the vickup drive through a abandon oil rig area , stop in front of a ramehacklie hcuse in need of a paint job . several vintage aute sit outside . Daniel and miyagi exit from the truck . daniel where be we ? miyagi miyagi 's house . daniel ( sarcastic ) I do not know you be in the oil business . miyagi not everything be as seem . daniel what be we do here ? continued : now miyagi come up to he , Daniel get out of the car . daniel you really think I can beat nim ? miyagi either way , orcblem solve , ( seat ) ready ? daniel I guess so . miyagi danielsan , . . on road . leave side . walk rie side . safe. middie , or later get suuish like same thing here . Zither x yes , or karate do no . Kar guess so you look sec 's understand ? daniel yes. ( beat ) ifm raady . will ard 228 be u ( continued ) 59 60 61 62 63 sl. continued : ( 2 ) 59 miyagi make small circle , clockwise , on the fender with he right hand . _ miyagi Wax off leave . breathe in . out . he repeat the motion with he leave hand , counter - clockwise . miyagi very important , breathe in out . miyagi turn and re-enter the house . Daniel watch he go and then turn glumly to the task at hand . ext . yard - dusk 60 Daniel slap on the first bit of wax and begin to rub haphazardly . miyagi come up from behind and guide he hand in the prescribe circular motion . miyagi breathe in out . in out . ext . yard - night 61 a exhaust Daniel remove the last bit of wax from the last vehicle , all the car shine like new . int . miyagi be house = night 62 Daniel enter . the house be sparse to the point of contain nothing . miyagi sit in a meditative zazen posture against the far wall . Daniel approach he , be about to say something , think better of it , turn , and go to exit . as he open the door , a loud snore emanate from miyagi . he turn and look at the old man . another snore punctuate the silence . ext . school - day 63 Daniel be at he locker when Ali come up quickly . she be about to speak when he turn . the fresh bruise make she wince . she turn abruptly , angry . daniel hey . where you go ? ali of find King jerk . this have get to stop . ( continued ) 63 52 . continued : 63 daniel it 's be take care of . ali I can see . Daniel step in front of she . daniel you can only make it worse for I . this stop she . ali n's Pov : over Daniel 's shoulder . johnny and he crew round the corner . Daniel , pick - ing up on she eye , turn . johnny stop . the other take he cue . daniel come on . Daniel lead Ali past the cobras . tommy must -be take you worm for a waik week , but no one move to stop he . Daniel and Ali turn the corner to she classroom . daniel see . we get a agreement . ali oh , yeah . what be it ? daniel they promise not to beat up on I anymore , and I promise not to get blood on they clothes . ali you be unreal . daniel what be I suppose to do ? piss and moan ? ali anybody else would . daniel who would listen ? Ali 's eye go warm , intimate . ( continued ) Sne she coenny do not push it , sink . johnny look down at the paper . jorniy ( continuia ) what 's that ? daniel ( nervous ) that ? ch , ah , talk to you a nmoaa roa , oot tinued ) '' '' 65 64 cut to : ext . back of miyagi be house - day 65 a marvelous sight greet Daniel . a perfect japanese garden . miyagi be putcing the last nail into a large unftinishec wooden decx . in each corner be graceful japanese lantern . ignoring and bid T ( continue ) what 's this ? miyagi japanese sander . daniel how do it work ? miyact funny you should ask . he attaches the ie ] hand and help he make perfect circ paper rub hard the souldn ' back anc ( con go npac will uo ' 0 wo 0 67 68 69 he lift he head , the air , and look over he shoulder to the far er the newly - sand deck , where miyagi be cooking h on a small coal orazier , Daniel 's hunger be apparent . migayi remove the fish and re-enter the house . Daniel Sands furiousiy , he renew vigor fuel sy a grow hunger . he keep one eye on he work and one eve on the door , pinish , he throw off the sander and go to enter the house , just as miyagi exit . face to face , the old man burp contentedly . miyagi splinter go ? daniel ( disappointed ) yeah . Daniel loox over the old man 's shoulder to a empty plate sit just inside on the table . meanwhile , miyagi be slide back and forth across the deck , bare ~ foot , check for splinter , miyagi good . come morning . 6 a.m. he bow to Daniel . Daniel , perplex , bow back . miyagi step into the garden and be soon lose in the darkness , . * * * * * * * omitted 67 int . apartment - night 68 Daniel enter and find a note on the kitchen table . closeup : the note . " dear Dan . do not wait up . see you tomorrow . love. Mom . " his resentment rise . ge rub he shoulder and head off towards he bedrocm . int . miyagi be house - Day . 69 * Daniel enter to find miyagi seat at a low table try to catch fly with chopstick , ( continued ) Daniel sit cown next to the oid man , watch he for a moment . be woulé not a easier ? miyagi man who catch fly with chopstick ean accomplish anything . daniel ever catch one ? miyagi not yet . daniel can I try ? Daniel pick up a extra pair of chopstick , snap they togetner once or twice to get the feei . and begin leok for a fly . miyagi glance at he from the corner of he eve . just then , Daniel 's hand shoot we at a buz SOUND . the stick snap . the 8u22ing stop . Daniel 's eve go wide . closeup : the stick , a fly pinion between they . Daniel look at mivagi excited . mivagi lay he own stick down and rise . dantel ( continue ) hey , look at that , huh ? not bad for a kid from Newark . miyagi ( miff ) beginner 's luck . he rise and walk out the deor . Daniel lock at the fly and pick up 4 make - believe telephone . daniel yes , sir . ah , ves sir . he 's right here . alright , sir . Daniel make believe he hang up . daniel ( continue ; to fly ) okay -- vou be in luck . that be the Governor . you get a reprieve . 0 im dani fise with the flv and walk out . he ro + 4 the ee * - mcpning 70 Daniel ex mivaci before six can of paint , nea stack . vagi have open a seventh and be stire it with a brush . daniel hey , mister miyagi . do that mean I can accomplish anything ? * miyagi yes . but first paint fence . with that , he begin to paint the fence . miyagi ( continue ; demonstzatinc ) up ... down ... up ... cown ... all in wrist . after several demo stroke he hand the brush to danrel . miyagi ( continue ) up ... gown ... up ... down ... Whole fence . do not forget breathe . danzel comply . miyagi walk beck to the house , repeat the word over and over , tickle by they sing-so cadence . + om 71 ext . miyagi be garden - dusk 71 miyagi be tend a ancient bonsai with the utmost concentration . Daniel , saint -splatter , tired , | rub he sore shoulder , op down beside he . daniel ' finish . | miyagi 's attention do not waver from the tree . miyagi both side ? | | word rise in Daniel 's throat , but he swallow they and exit . 72 ext . miyagi be front yard - night 72 | Daniel have just finish the last slat when miyagi exit , dapper in a brightly - color Hawaiian shirt . 73 int . daniel' apartment - night 73 Daniel , paint -splatter , rush in . Lucille be apply - ing the last touch to she makeup , get ready to go to work . I lucille where have you be ? daniel helping a friend . ! lucille what 's he name ? rembrandt ? daniel '' ma , you gotta do I a favor . lucille shoot. daniel I get a date tonight . lucille ( enthuse ) well , all right . ( take a bill a from she wallet ) what do you need ? ( continued ) pa revis 73 4 ' | ! ) 74 od ( 33 ( GREEN ) 58 . continued : 273 daniel the car . lucille Daniel , you do not have a license , remember ? daniel you do . lucille I gotta be at work in half a hour . daniel can not you call , say you will be a little late ? lucille it 's we busy night . Daniel get down on he knee , try to sway she with comedy . daniel pleeasse . . lucille you could have give I a little more notice . Daniel 's smile disappear . resentment surfacing , he rise . daniel if I know where to find you , T would have . mother and son lock eye for a long moment . lucille that 's what I like about you , larusso . when you be right , you be right . int . car 74 Lucille 's car move slowly past the large , luxurious home of the Hills , as Daniel scan the door for Ali 's address . ( continued ) 74 75 continued : 74 the opulence have a effect on both mother and son . she be impressed , he be intimidate . they stop in front of Ali 's house . a mercede adorn the driveway . Daniel seem freeze to the seat . lucille what be you wait for ? ext . ali be house - night 75 hesitantly , Daniel exit . he head up the walk , almost sorry he have come . he ring the doorbell and Ali pop out brightly . ali hi. see she , Daniel 's nervousness recede a bit . as they head down the walk , back towards the chevy , a big , midnight blue four- door mercede pulis into the drive - way . two elegantly handsome people in tennis white exit from the car . ali hi. Ali 's parent glance at the chevy by they curb with a rather distasteful look which Daniel pick up on . # be nervousness come roaring back . ali this be my parent , Mr. and Mrs. Mills . this be Daniel Webber . mr . mill how do you do , Daniel ? Daniel shake hand uncomfortably . daniel please to meet you . mrs . mill where be you go , honey ? ali I do not know . where be we go ? daniel I dunno . where you wanna go ? ali golf not stuff . ( continued ) 60 . 75 continued : 75 daniel ) we be go to golf and stuff . mr . mill | you live in encino , Dan ? 1 daniel | ( hesitant ) | uh , no , I do not . ' he offer no further information . mrs . mill well , where do you live ? '' daniel reseda . the two adult exchange a look of disapproval that | Daniel understand only too well . ' daniel Nice to meet you . | mr. mill not too late . both parent smile rather thinly . neither respond . Ali and Daniel head for the chevy . daniel | ( apologize ) my motorcycle 's still in the shop . I Ali seem unconcern . Daniel open the door . Ali slip in next to Lucille . ali hi. I be ali. lucille hi , Ali , I be Mrs. larusso . please to meet you . Ali move she butt to avoid a spring stick through the seat . Daniel eye it , embarrassed . lucille it 's a lovely house you have . ali ? thanks . ( continued ) 75 76 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 75 Daniel close the door . Lucille turn the key to start the ignition . nothing happen . Lucille look at Daniel . Daniel 's embarrassment mount . lucille ( to Ali ) can you drive ? ali sure . lucille great . let it roll , and when I say " now , " pop it . okay ? ali okay . Lucille hop out . Daniel look at Ali , smile weakly , but she do not seem to notice he discomfort at all . to she , all this be just fine . she slide over behind the wheel . Daniel and Lucille set at the rear of the car , ready to push . Daniel look over to where Mr. and Mrs. Mills watch , tight - lipped , from they doorway . Mr. Mills be say something to he wife . lucille guess we should have take the roll , huh ? Daniel shoot a murderous look at he mother as they begin to push . the car roll , downhill , gain momen - tum , get away from they . lucille now . a second elapse . the engine catch . Ali hit the brake . Daniel and Lucille run to catch up . they hop in the car on either side . the car disappear down the street , Mr. and Mrs. Mills stare after it in dismay . ext . golf not STUFF - the local hangout - night 76 the parking lot be pack with kid and they car and motorcycle . before Lucille can pull into the parking lot , Daniel stop she . daniel ( quickly ) we will get out here . Lucille look at she son oddly , but do not question he . she stop at the curb . Daniel and Ali hop out . {continued ) 76 756a ; b-c= d- E 76 F revised 11-1-83 ( GREEN ) 62 . continued : 76 Lucille drive off . Daniel and Ali hit across the parking lot . daniel look at that slide . * angle on a giant water slide . ' ali ' we will come back and do it next time . daniel * why next time ? ali * we need bathing suit . * daniel * oh yeah ? bath suit . * ali * c'mon . let I show you * arcund . * montage 76a ~ b-c - Ali and Daniel racing together on the Little indy . D-E watch she sink a hole in one at the mini golf . jumping up and down cn the trampoline . have coke and talk . play a video game . Daniel 's hand tentatively , tenderly , slip over Ali 's . ext . parking lot - night 76r Daniel and Ali exit hand in hand . Daniel notice the giant slide . daniel wow . ali we will come back and do it some other night . okay ? Daniel like the idea . Eddie 's red porsche targa pull up . eddie hey . ali. ali Eddie . this be Daniel . Daniel , Eddie . conti Daniel shax 4 be hand sullenly . ali when do you get that ? eddie last week . want a ride ? ali some other time . ckay ? eddie okay . good to see you . meet you , Daniel . Eddie vroom of . the parking lot . daniel be Pov : Nice to Lucille pull into ( continued ) cy b> he '' a oy nf 63 . 76f continued : t6f 5 he start walk towards she , hope to head she off , when a convertible full of Ali 's friend cut in front of they . johnny be in the back seat . susan we be go over the hill . ali ' I will see you tomorrow . susan come on with we . Lucille pull up behind they . see Daniel , she honk and wave . he cringe . johnny you friend can come , too . if he ' mom 'il let he . 1 Ali glare at he . ali ) ( to Susan ) ! I will call you tomorrow . } Ali and Daniel walk back to Lucille 's car . daniel you coulda go . ali I do not want to . 1 4 daniel I mean it 's no big deal . ' ' ali ( annoyed ) | look if I really want to I would have . she get in the chevy . 77 omitted 77 through through 79 79 80 ext . ali be house - night 80 ali 's so anytime you wanna go slide ... ( continued ) 83 continued : 83 daniel '' ~ ( angrily ) why do not you tell I you be go fishing ? . miyagi not here when I go . daniel to maybe I would like to have go . ever think of that ? miyagi you do karate training . daniel j I be be you goddamn slave be what I be do . we make a deal . : miyagi so ? : daniel so you be suppose to teach , and . I be suppose to learn . remember . it 's four day and I have not yy learn a goddamn thing . miyagi learn plenty . daniel yeah , how to sand you deck , how | to wax you car , how to paint you house , miyagi not everything be as look , you know . daniel bullshit . he fling the paintbrush into the can and stalk off . miyagi danielsan . Daniel lift he bike . miyagi ( sharply ) 4 danielsan . ( continued ) ) | | | '' ) 64 . continued : 80 daniel ( withdraw ) yeah , I will call you . ' night . he turn to go . ali wait a sec . she reach to he lip and extract a piece of paper from he mouth . she hand it to he . alt how you gonna call without my number ? ' night . she duck into the house . her gesture have bring he mood back . he walk back to the car a little lighter . omitted 81 ext . miyagi be house - morning 82 Daniel , on he bike , approach the front door where a large note be affix . closeup : the note " paint house . no up and down . side side . one half leave hand , one half right hand . '' to the leave , another half - dozen can of paint be stack . Daniel be incense . he rip the note off the door , crumble it , and fling it onto the ground . after a moment , he anger subside . he remove the lid on the first can of paint and begin to stir it with a brush . ext . miyagi be front yard - night 83 the house be almost finish . Daniel be slowly do the last stroke , breathe in and out , when miyagi pull up . Daniel do a siow burn but do not turn around . miyagi cross the yard , whistling happily , carry a full string of freshly - catch fish . miyagi you miss a spot . Daniel 's brush stop in mid~stroke . ( continued ) 26 continued : 26 back to the wall , dangerous - look even with he eye close , the sensei , JOHN kreese , kneel face he student . as Daniel watch with rapt attention , kreese 's eyelid rise . his eye , cold , pierce , seem to be look right through Daniel . they send a shiver up he spine . : kreese rei! as one , the class bow , touch forehead to floor , and rise . no one move . the air be solemn with si - lence . kreese what do we study ? ~ the response be sharp , booming . all the way of the fist . kreese and what be that way ? all Strike first , strike hard . angle on Daniel , watch , entrance . kreese 's face sweep the line of student from leave to right , fix each one with he intense , dangerous eye . tension crackle in the air . finally , kreese 's voice break the silence . kreese Mr. lawrence ? a black belt spring from he knee . his foot hit the floor with a solid thump . his clench fist be rivete in front of he . rreese warm they up . the black belt snap heel and arm together smartly , come to attention . he bow crisply from the waist . rreese bow back and step aside as the black belt sprint to take he place . as he turn , Daniel 's knee go weak . johnny 's eye meet Daniel 's above the head of the still kneel class . jonny class up ! ( continued ) 83 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 83 Daniel be stop by the edge in he voice . miyagi ( commanding ) come here . . Daniel grit he tooth , but obey , return to stand before the old man , sullen , distant . miyagi show I wax on , wax off . Daniel do not move . miyagi ( sharp ) show. daniel ( defiant ) I can not lift my arm . miyagi feel around Daniel 's shoulder for a moment . he nrub he hand together back and forth , very fast , then apply they to Daniel 's shoulder , one on each side , press hard with he thumb and palm . daniel ow ! miyagi now show . on , off . Daniel do as he be tell . to he surprise the ache be go . miyagi correct the angle of he elbow , tucking it in . daniel ( surprised ) how would you do that ? miyagi ( stern ) show . Left right . Left right . Left right . Daniel catch the rhythm , make perfect half circle . without warning , miyagi throw a chest punch . before Daniel realize it , one of he circle hand have in - tercept the punch and deflect it effortlessly . his eye find miyagi' . his face light up . miyagi be - main emotionless . ( continued ) 83 67 . continued : ( 3 ) 83 miyaci Sand floor . Daniel do as he be tell . miyagi make the right correction so that Daniel 's arm circle down . the old man shoot a half - speed kick to Daniel 's stomach . Daniel 's hand deflect it smoothly . miyagi paint fence . now Daniel be eager , quick to comply . miyagi make a small adjustment , Daniel keep painting . miyagi throw a head punch . on the upstroke , Daniel 's bent wrist catch miyagi 's punch . miyagi throw a stomach punch . Daniel 's downstroxe deflect it perfectly . miyagi side side . Daniel need no prompt . as he draw he hand from side to side across he body , he deflect two rapid hook punch throw by the stone - face old man . miyagi look eye . Daniel 's eye lock into miyagi 's . miyagi Wax on . miyagi fire a chest punch . Daniel deflect it easily . miyagi Wax off . again , the block be there . miyagi paint up . miyagi fire hard for the head . Daniel 's snap block be there to meet the attack . miyagi down . Daniel 's palm heel crash into miyagi 's fist . miyagi side . ( continued ) 83 4 ) 84 85 86 68 . continued : ( 4 ) 83 he punch . Daniel block . miyagi side . Daniel 's block snap into place . miyagi Sand . Daniel sweep two kick out of the way . miyagi on off . the punch come faster . the block be right there . suddenly , at the height of the exercise , miyagi stop . Daniel , breathe hard , elate , wait for more . miyagi pick up he fish . miyagi come tomorrow . he turn abruptly and enter the house , slamm the door behind he before Daniel can say another word . int . lucille's bedroom - morning 84 Lucille exit in she robe , still sleepy . she knock on Daniel 's door . lucille good morning . when there be no answer , she open . Daniel 's bed be empty , make . Lucille head for the kitchen . lucille Daniel ? she stop at the live room , half paint . and on one unpaint wall a message : to be continued . Lucille could not be more pleased . omitted 85 ext . athletic field = day 86 Daniel practice with a soccer ball , dribble alone , at half speed . out of nowhere Ali charge past steal - ing the ball , head for the goal . Daniel pursue , get the ball and be about to kick for a goal when he mock-trip . Ali take the chance and boot one home . Daniel rise , smile . ( continued ) revised 10-28-33 ( blue ) 69 . continued : 86 daniel definitely varsity material . ali you let I . daniel I be gonna call you about try the slide Friday . ali I have to have dinner with my parent at they country club . daniel on . some other time . coach clear the field for soccer practice . 1 ali itll be finish by 9:30 . you can meet I outside . daniel be that cool ? alt of course . the varsity soccer team take the field , cun past Daniel and Ali . johnny pass , he eye set straight ahead . after he pass , Ali notice a peculiar look on he face . ali what 's the matter ? daniel I be hearing that voice again . Ali peck he on the cheek . ali do not listen . and cun off to join the cheerleader . 87 88 ' 89 revised 10-23-83 ( blue ) 70 . ext . beach - late afternoon 87 the surf crash onto the shore . daniel stand with miyagi at the water 's edge . daniel put he foot forward to test the temperature of the ocean . he withdraw it just as fast and look at miyagi beseechingly . miyagi 's expression do not change . like a man condemn , daniel walk into the water . almost immediately , he be capsize by a wave . he stand and loox back at miyagi . miyagi not to worry . will feel good . daniel when ? miyagi when finish . a with that , the.old man turn and waik dewn the beach toward a line of wooden piling jutting out into the sea . daniel stand again brace himself against the onslaught of the ocean . he begin to throw front . kick into the wave to he own cadence . a wave hit hard . daniel weave unsteadily until the undertow pull he down . he struggle to regain he foct , finally succeed and resume kick until another wave wip he out . when he stand again , he look down the beach to where miyagi be leave stand on the last pile calmly balancedon he leave leg . a wave loom towards he but just as it break , the old man leap over it . he fire a kick with he leave leg and land . perfectly balanced on the pile in the same position as when he start . CUT to : exterior beach - late afternoon 8a & daniel wrap ina blanket and miyagi head toward the parking lot ag daniel what be that you be do on the pile ? miyagi crane techniacue . daniel do it work ? miyagi do right , no can defense . ( continued ) 88000 continued : rovssed 20-28-83 ( 8h 88 71 . 5 daniel & a9 89 can you teach it to I ? miyagi first learn stand , then learn flv . daniel 's disappointment show . miyagi nature rule danielsan , not mine . they approach miyagi 's pickup and trouble . two big brawny motorcyle riding yahoo lean on the pickup drink beer through long neck bottle which be line up on the truck 's fender . yahoo # 1 hey look it . kid have a pet nyp . yahoo . # 2 , he know any trick xia ? daniel 's fear freezes-him - to the spot . miyagi approach the truck . he bow politely . miyagi excusé please , boy cold , must leave . kindly remove bottle . the two man look at each other and burst out laugh . yahoo # 1 drain the bottle he be hold and with exaggerated precision line it up with the other . he burp loudly in miyagi 's face . yahoo # 1 kindry do it yourself Mr. moto . he stand very still and then explode with a blind chop he neatly slice the neck of all the bottle . no longer smile , he eye pierce both man . they sheepishly collect the bottle bottom and backoff towards they chopper . miyagi turn to a very proud daniel hold the truck door open . 90-92 omitted 90-92 93 int . daniel be bedroom - dusk - 93 Daniel be get dress to meet Ali at the country club . he have try on half a dozen different outfit . nothing look right . the current one be white shirt , white pants , white sneaker . he look in the mirror and be about to undress for the umpteenth time , when he mother poke she head in the door . 93 94 95 96 72 . continued : 93 lucille I be late . if you want to drive , move it . she eye the mess in he room curiously , but say noth - ing . Daniel decide to stay all in white . ext . lobster pot - night 94 the chevy , the bicycle on top , with Daniel drive , pull up to the curb . daniel I will park it in back . Lucille exit and hurry inside . Daniel wheel the car into a parking space , get out , take the key chain , slip the car key off , and stick it in he pocket . int . country club - night 95 Ali and she parent enter the room , greeting people leave and right as they make they way to the table . a band play , people dance . as Ali pass she friend Susan , sit with she parent , Susan point towards a far table try to warn Ali about something . Ali do not catch it until she reach the table . her mouth tighten when she see who the dinner company be : johnny and he parent . everyone greet everyone . mrs . lawrence you look lovely , darling . : ali thank you . mrs . lawrence {to johnny ) do not she ? johnny ( smile , pleased with the setup ) Ali always look lovely , mother . wanna dance ? Ali 's response be to sit down and snap open she menu , effectively cover she face . the snub be apparent to everyone . ext . club - night , 96 Daniel park he chevy in the shadow and scurries over to the front of the club . ( continued ) 96 97 73 . continued : 96 his white shirt , white pants and white sneaker identi - cal to the uniform of the car park . as he be stand - ing there a mercede pull up . the driver , think Daniel work there , leave the door open and slip Daniel a dollar . Daniel recover , hop into the car , and park it . int . club - night 97 Ali be dance with she father . johnny catch she eye from the table . he smile widely . she purse she lip , ignore he . . mr . mill problem with johnny ? ali no. ( beat ) what time be it ? mr. mill nine-forty . ali I gotta go . mr. mill date ? ali ( hesitant ) ah. mr. mill with who ? ali uh , a friend . Mr. Mills look at Ali with a hard eye . mr . mill not that boy from reseda ? ali what 's the big deal ? he 's from reseda . he 's a neat guy . before he can respond , johnny tap he on the shoulder . johnny May I cut in ? ( continued ) 97 98 99 100 74 . continued : Mr. Mills all too gladly hand he daughter over to johnny . Ali be less than pleased . johnny be all sweetness and light . johnny hi. Ali be cool , tense . she do not respond . johnny listen . I have be think . maybe we can call a truce . ali I be not at war . ( beat ) Excuse I . she try to break away . johnny hold on . johnny can we finish the dance ? reluctantly , Ali agree . ext . club - night Daniel pace outside . he look at the clock on the wall : 9:45 . anxiously , he walk around the side of the club . ext . kitchen entrance - night Daniel slip into the kitchen . int . kitchen and club - night Daniel walk through the kitchen and peek out of the swinging door which lead to the dining room . daniel be Pov : johnny dance with Ali . Ali 's back be to he , but johnny be not . johnny see Daniel . he bring he lip onto Ali 's quickly , before she can respond . angle on Daniel , hurt , betrayed , disappear - ing . Ali pull away from johnny . as she do , a loud crash come from the kitchen . ail eye , include hers , look . Pov all : through the now open kitchen door . Daniel and a waiter sprawle amidst break dish and splatter food . Ali and Daniel lock eye . he scramble up and run out . Ali turn to johnny smile , triumphant . her anger erupt . she clip he with a right hand punch and run after Daniel , despite ho parent ' protest . 97 98 99 100 102 103 ext . club tol Ali exit to rubseber out & ayn Daniel lanter singing door . open . int . m e's house - 103 Daniel be take aback by the state of nis teacher . miyagi appear , ree : of scotch , drunk , eress in a World war ii army unizorm , he chest cover with bate tle ribsen and medal , he hat tilt ecddly . he bow gracefully , unsteadily . daniel be I disturbing you ? miyagi come in , come in . dant that be a neat tune you be sing , mister miyagi . what be it ? miyagi japanese brue ( blue ) . he usher Daniel into the house . Daniel look for other guest . there be none . mivagi lead Daniel over tc he low table where a two - third empty bottle c£ scotch sit amidst yellow newspaper and frame picture . miyagi pour two healthy shot of scotch and hand one to Daniel . miyagi clink glass against Daniel 's noisily . miyagi kumpai . he downs he drink in one gulp . Daniel touch he to he lip . the taste make he grimace , miyagi ocontinue } drink , drink . bad luck toast . no drink . banzai . daniel oh , like little tree ? ( continued ) +e ee * * continue gs miyagi ( strong ) zai ! daniel banzai ! miyagi good enough . miyagi downs a second shot of scotch while Daniel down a first , cough from the heat in he cullet . mivagi laugh , pound he on the back and pour another two shot . = daniel what be we celebrate ? miyagi pick up a picture , yellow with age , of h self in the sane uniform , nis arm around the snouise of a lovely young japanese woman . miyagt anniversary . daniel whose anniversary ? miyagi gesture to the picture . daniel ( continue ) wow ! I do not know you be married . miyagi Hai . damn beautiful . do not you think ? . Daniel shake he head , agree . mivagi downs the scotch in he glass . miyagi ( continue ) first time I see she in cane fleis , Hawaii . seautiful . ( more ) ( continge ) * of ok oe cntinced : ( 2 ) 103 ( reat ) damn cocd cane miyagi ee scotch glass and look into the he toint to Daniel 's * glass . miyagi drink . Daniel gown the scotch . it go down easier * than the time . yagi stand unsteadily and weave across the room to a cabinet . he scull outa fresh bottle of scotch , pour himself another healthy shot , and downs that one also . * aniel' Pov : one of the newspaper on the table . the headline : japanese AMERICANS interne president cite wartime security . * miyagi come over and show Daniel a picture of he bride , now very pregnant . + miyagi * ocontinue ) * look , danielsan . first american - x bear miyagi . * Daniel look at the picture . the news hit he all * at once . miyagi stagger across the room . * miyagi ocontinue } sergeant miyagi report . kill Jerry Germans , sir ! miyagi weave around the room , talxing to no one , he voice distant . he snap a salute , which miss the mark . daniel I do not understand . miyagi come over to Daniel and tap on ancther picture of he young wife , stand beside what apcear to be * a barracx , barb wire fencing in the background . she x be very pregnant . * ( continued ) sey saw oo ow reporzinc . Germans , si mivagi snap another sloppy salute , balance . miyagi ( continue ) sergeant miyagi , regret to inform complication , sir . no doctor at camp , sir . nsalute acain ) regret to inform mother , child complication birth , sir. first american -born miyagi . Home of free , land of brave . complicaticr . first american-born miyagi ... miyaci 's voice trail off . he sit heavily on he futon bed . his head drop to he chest . his breath - ing slow . daniel mister miyagi ? miyagi do not answer . Daniel 's attention go to the yellow newspaper once again . Daniel 's Pov - the headline : japanese america sent to fight '' another fighting pour - four - two break through . heavy lose taken . division x this be thing that Daniel know nothing about . his mind ingest the informaticn . Daniel cick up he scotch glass , look at the picture of the voun miyagi and he pregnant bride and drain the glass . miyaci snore loudly . be glass fall and bfake the scunc snap Daniel the old man and remove hi down , until a box of metal ok oe ao ok or ok of % * kk of +e i) oe of os * ean * snore rm * mounti be * 2 * '' 4 ° ° complication arise trom child - birth . we sincerest condolance and sympathy . " Daniel lock down at the small cru peacefully on the futon . his hear man . he reach cown and pull lovingly remove a thread from * he hair . Daniel blow out the * room into darkness and exit . omitted 104 & 105 ext . school entrance - day 106 Ali , she hand bandage , stand by the entrance , see Daniel come up the walk . she be all ready to greet he when ke walx right past , ignore she . she stand for a awkware moment , snubbe , off balance , watch he enter the school . she recover guickiy , self - consciously . 107 108 78. ext . school - day 107 Daniel be walk along when he hear Ali call from behind , twice . ali Daniel . he ignore it and keep walk . she run up and cut he off . ali I want to explain . Daniel shoot she a look of contempt and walk around she . she persevere . ali would you at least listen ? daniel and be lie to . he walk away as if she be not there . alt you be rude , Daniel turn . daniel how can you tell ? you live ina world of rude people . I just want all of you to leave I alone . he stalk off . ext . rowboat - lake - day 108 Daniel be row , put all he strength behind the oar . miyagi , a fisherman 's hat on he face , appear to be sleep . miyagi stop ! Daniel be more than happy to comply . miyagi prepare he fishing rod with a hook and bait . daniel what do I use ? miyagi for what ? daniel to fish . ( continued ) 108 continued : 108 miyagi no fish . up! up! miyagi bang the bow seat . Daniel stand , balance precariously , try not to fall overboard , as the ocean roll and sway against the side of the small boat . miyagi throw he line overboard , he back to Daniel . daniel should not I be practice ? miyagi be practice . Daniel do not get it . daniel practice what ? miyagi look over he shoulder calmly and begin to rock the boat , back and forth . Daniel wobble , try to keep he balance . as miyagi rock more violently , he topple into the sea . his head come to the sur - face , spitting water . miyagi practice how to keep dry . Daniel climb back into the boat and stand on the seat again . miyagi now make block , up down , leave right . up down , leave right . up down , leave right . Daniel begin to do all he block . miyagi rock the boat little by little . Daniel retain he balance . daniel when be I gonna learn how to punch ? miyagi first thing first . daniel but how be I gonna score a point if I do not punch ? miyagi how score if knock on ass ? ( beat ) Balance be key . Balance good , everything possible . Balance bad -- ( continued ) 108 109 continued : ( 2 ) miyagi rock the boat again , violently . Daniel go fly overboard . he surface , spluttering . miyagi »- . all wash up , ha ha . ha ha . funny , huh ? Daniel do not think so . ext . lake - dusk a small crescent of sand nestle beneath the tower cliff . miyagi and Daniel sit around the fire feast on the catch of the day . Daniel warm himself . daniel how come you leave Okinawa ? miyagi draft dodger . Japan Army say miyagi come . miyagi say Japan Army sayonara . daniel you mean you run away ? miyagi oh yes . very much fast . this be not the image Daniel want to have of he teacher . daniel but why ? miyagi no like fight . daniel what about karate ? miyagi what about ? daniel karate be fight . I mean , you train to fight . miyagi look at Daniel with a pierce eye . miyagi that what you think ? ( continued ) 108 109 109 110 el . continued : 109 Daniel ponder the question for a long moment . when he give he answer , it be with a certainty borne of experience , daniel no . the answer bring a smile to miyagi 's face . it be something he have be wait to hear . he pat Daniel 's knee . miyagi good . he rise and extinguish the fire . miyagi come . he bring he gear to the boat . Daniel follow . daniel where be we go ? miyagi ready to learn punch . ext . miyagi be front yard - night 110 Daniel stand in the glare of the overhead light . from the shroud of the gloam darkness , he hear something be drag across the yard . a moment later , miyagi enter the light area , pull what look like a coatrack with a catcher 's mitt tie to its middle , and bamboo stave attach by spring , stick out at odd angle . he rights the contraption opposite Daniel . miyagi this be Mr. hashimoto . Daniel look at the contraption and at miyagi askance . miyagi show respect . Daniel bow , lowering he eye to the ground . miyagi rap he sharply atop the head . miyagi Fighting rule number one . never take eye off no one . do again . Daniel rub he head . sure miyagi have flip . he comply nonetheless , bow cautiously , he eye on the dummy . ( continued ) 110 82. continued : 110 miyagi better . ready ? daniel for what ? miyagi tap the catcher 's mitt . miyagi punch . Daniel do so , lightly , cautiously . miyagi correct he fist . miyagi harder , focus power . Daniel punch harder , nothing happen . miyagi you girl or something ? this hashimoto one tough son-of - a - bitch . now , hard . Daniel fire he best punch ; as he make contact with the mitt , a bamboo pole come fly over the top and rap he on the head , stun he . miyagi laugh hysterically . miyagi one point , hashimoto . Daniel rub he head , scowling . he set and punch again , fire a head block almost simultaneously with the punch . this time , however , a side pole swing out , catch Daniel square in the rib , knock the wind out of he . miyagi nearly collapse in gale of laughter . piss off , Daniel punch again , only to be hit by a pole from the opposite side , miyagi laugh so hard he choke . miyagi two point . winner . hashimoto . miyagi lift one of the bamboo stave in victory . Daniel stand back , pride and body bruise . miyagi 's laughter subside as he stand in front of the rack himself . miyagi to know attack , first must know defend . secret defend , relax . learn relax , everything easy . ( continued ) ill ll2 113 cgn eo : ( 2 ) lin miyagi demonstra be with be ly , he throw th fly at he . tt ounch again . win block agai be , only to cou he he block eon movement , mood Daniel to take over . attack easy . any any gummy can de . karate mean ? daniel empty hand . miyagi hold up he palm and nod . miyagi empty hand , peaceful hand . Real karate , peaceful . Real «arate , never attack , only defend . he motion for Daniel to continue . miyagi remember , telex . only moment of strike be strong . Daniel set , quite serious . miyagi turn and waik back towards the house , to the SOUND of punching and bamboo thw : acking , daniel oh , shit . miyagi turn . miyagi be Pov : Daniel on the ground , rub he head . miyagi smile knowingly and enter he house . omitted 11l int . daniel' apartment - day 112 the apartment be oaint . it look clean , new . daniei be beginning to sand the floor . he get down on he hand and knee and begin to work large circle with the hand sander . ext . miyagi be yard - day 113 practice ww miyagi fish and Daniel stand sow seat , block ~ ing , kick end funcn , he balance markedly inprove . 115 ext , beach ~ pay ii ing ay cut =o el ting . he set 2s Wave cc : gl ore 2 have tin way , KS 5 ft sn the sea slam fil od to ead gc ' under tnen 25g asc ' risy the sea be tog strong ss a ilin mer carry hin only with supre . dee oo avol slam into the again , ounce cat ire law '' > to yup he sand . e there , ut , G ud the sea , exhaust . i116 ext . scecol hall - day 116 Christmas decoration fill she halis . Daniel cone we from the grinking fountain face to face with vonany , who thrust a piece of feper in he hand . ° jornny want t6 make sure you get irc , Daniel glance at the Paper , . daniel what 's this for ? - " johnny so they know where to claim the body . daniel I think it be supeesed to be no contact . joenny accident happen . re turn to go . daniel hey ! he turn again . l2ontinged : 1lé continue 116 4 caniel can I ask you a question ? ( seat ) what pleasure go you get from that ? joenny woac ? daniel the intimidation numoer : we both know you can kick my ass seven way from Sunday . rignt ? johnny dee not answer . daniel so why do you still bother ? johnny ( aggressive ) maybe ' cause I like to . his word sound tinny , lack conviction . annoy , he turn to go . and again Daniel 's voice stop he . sad dantel you ever think he mignt be wrong ? johnny who ? daniel you teacher . johnny approach , menace . johnny watch you mouth , asshole . Daniel back off slowly down the hall . il ? omitted 117 & & 118 118 11g int . miyagi be house - night ~ 119 miyagi , wear a birthday hat , enter the darken room mge a birthday cake . the candle i inate the he aporeach the table , singinc a birthday " and rlace the cake down i and hashimoto . t + tet 119 revised 11 - 11 - 83 ( wut ) 86 . continued : 119 miyagi make wish . daniel do and blow . the room be plunge into darkness . when miyagi raise the gas lantern daniel find a present in front of he . miyagi ( continue ) from hashimotosan . daniel bow to the dummy and begin to open the present . miyagi cut the cake and serve slice to daniel and hashimoto . miyagi so , how spend birthday ? daniel a friend give I some advice about the tournament . miyagi hope good advice . daniel pull a brand new kei out of the box . the back be embroider in calligraphy over a bonsai tree . daniel try the jacket on , thrilled . daniel oh man , thanks Mr. hashimoto . daniel bow to the dummy and practice some move with the jacket on . daniel sit down and begin to eat he cake , he mood a little deflate . daniel you think I have a chance ? miyagi not important what miyagi think , miyagi not fight . daniel I do not feel like I know that much stuff , miyagi feeling correct . daniel ( warmly ) Boy , you sure know how to make a guy feel good . miyagi smile and how . miyagi trust quality , not quantity * danielsan , ( continued ) 120 revised 11-11 -83 ( wi continued ( 2 ) lie miyagi take a spoonful of cake . daniel hey look . daniel whip out he well - wear wallet and extract he license . at the same time the photo of he and ali from they arcade date fall out . daniel I get my license . I be legal . miyagi be eye only linger on the license ; they be much more interested in the photo . miyagi pick up the photo ( closeup photo of ali and daniel smile happily . miyagi do not know you have sweetheart . daniel I do not . miyagi look nice together . different but same . daniel different but different . daniel take the kei jacket off . miyagi where go ? daniel my mom 's wait . miyagi can not leave without miyagi 's present . daniel oh , hey Mr. miyagi , you really have give I enough . miyagi start lead daniel outside . miyagi no lip , just come . ext . miyagi be front yard ~ night 120 miyagi and daniel stand in front of the vintage automobile . miyagi choose . miyagi gesture towards the car . daniel ( flustered ) Bea , at the ee * * oh no , no , I can not . ( continued ) revised l1-11-@3 ( white ) 229 +» conpinved ( 3 ) 120 of miyagi '' , hurt old man 's feeling . i daniel climb into the 1950 chevy convertible and there be a key , the chain , miyagi be dog-tag . the old man know what he would choose . he be at a loss for word . miyagi . ( continue ) remember , license no replace eye and ear . daniel be about to turn the car on when a mood come over he . daniel I be scared . . miyagi understand . shouli be . remember lesson of balance , yes . daniel yes . . miyagi not just lesson for karate . lesson . for whole life . Whole life balance ) everything you do ke better . karate too . miyagi produce the picture of daniel and ali and hand they to daniel . daniel break into a smile . miyagi understand ? daniel thanks for everything 's Mr. miyagi . you be the best friend I ever know . miyagi {tender ) you pretty ok tco . ( beat , gru ly ) daniel start the car , put it in miyagi ( o.s . ) bonsai . angle on daniel , look in the rear view mirror at miyagi , hand throw up , smile like a little budcha . é miyagi bonsai . daniel smile . daniel ( loud , exuberant ) e7 . +++ of * nm +t ee the truth ali iz you would just listen to I . I do not go out with you because you have a car , or where you live . daniel as lone as we be on the subject , why do you ? ali I think , mavbe you and I ... well , we be different . daniel re. i'm from reseda from the eill . yeah , we 2 and you be ali that 's not what I mean . daniel why do not you just admit that you can not handle tne situation ? ali I can handle it fine , Daniel . ( beat ) you can not . hurt to the quick . he lash out . daniel you be so full of shit , you be eve be turn , . * * * + of F Daniel crui when he spy arcade = a hundred v very well , with rifle . the target . Susan and ing to leo oa do not shoot ! lei * the with the of I have nothing to say . I be wounded . do not leave I , maybe vou will die . Ali move off to two ccmputer gamy . * disinterested and distract . I just want to apologize . Fine . you apologize . I get my license . happy birthday . what 's with what do vou no. justa but I guess people with cartwheel ? little courtes porch and m she turn on she heel and walk off , puzzied . daniel huh ? susan she 's never be anything but nice tc you . dantel oh yeah . she be so nice she even let I be she tool to make what 's -his - name jealous . susan she do not even like what 's - he -name . daniel I never cculd have guess it the way they face wer stick together at the country club . susan oh , that 's richt . you diént + stick around for the exciting conclusion . daniel yeah , what ? his hand on she ass ? susan her right hook . you think she sprain she wrist do she nail ? daniel she hit he ? susan that 's a understatement . daniel so why do not she say somethine ? susan she should not have to , should she ? wf dantel ( desoerate ) Ali ? Ali stop . he come up to she . she look at he , hold on to she hurt and she anger . daniel ( continue ) I 'ma jerk . his vunerabili defense . a she wrap he ity ard nis confession melt all cf she radiant smile break across she face . xy am around daniei 's neck . ali yes , you be . and in the instant of relief , the two of th closely , tightly . when they break evervtt right . Daniel put nis arm over she shoulde.s. daniel hey , c'mon . I want to show vou something . he lead she down to where he car be park . Ie ( continue ) how do you like it ? ali oh ! it 's amazing ! it 's wonderful ! I can not believe it ! this be beautiful . dante , I think you be not impressed by car . alt and ycu believe I ? she can not take she hand off the fender . daniel want to drive ? ali Daniel fliss she the key . the two of u a ry om ao daniel really beautiful . be be still tne residue of xs for a moment and then t from she forehead . caniel I be in tnis karate tournament tomorrow , ali I know , Ali acd again . Daniel exhales , ali I have not accept . Daniel 's hope crise . her smile be she acceptance . daniel I will probably get kill in the first match . Ali touch he face . alt so , we will leave early . Daniel smile at theic head draw «kiss come , it be pull apart it be wit ( conitty be ) ~ nm anc ballpoint wax she waocn , you lucille sweet cirl . good night . he be about to front of she . oo back to sleen , '' daniel uh , can you sien this ? nsive ) x school . ' & sow a wy py '' e u ma , you yes ido . the answer tr gotta do what ? hav in é hosvcital ? we ! no one get au then why do th form ? ( weakly ) it 's a formality . be oo no conta with ee the ashtray Lucille crumble up the form and put it on she nicht table lucille good night , Daniel . ( beat ) and happy disehday . and turn over . rt , he '' : £ paper he turn to oo ye 3 the mow cw be * + bam ee kk 129 ( continued ) 129 130 94 . continued : 129 angle on Daniel , in he karate gi and white belt , anx - iously watch a official in the cavernous competi - tion hall peruse the paper . official what would you do , sleep on this , larusso ? what rank ? Daniel be at a loss . miyagi why need rank ? official open division only for brown belt and above . miyagi Boy brack belt . the official fill in the form . official better hustle . they be start . miyagi coax Daniel off . his eye however stay on the gi bag at the official 's foot , and the black belt stick out of it . int . arena 130 the various dojo be be announce over the p.a. system as they line up on the gym floor . the pack stand respond with applause . Daniel come cun up to miyagi and Ali , he gi flopping open . miyagi wrap the black belt around he waist . daniel where would you get this ? miyagi buddha provide . draw ring three . come . just then over the p.a. system the cobra Kai be announce . angle on : the cobras double -time in military style , chant a cadence . johnny what do we study ? cobras the way of the fist . {continued ) we q uw the to os : lit what be that strixa ficse Daniel 's eye low they warily . announce gentlemen . to vour ring . fighter scurry to they assign rie sky cam shot : a es first mar aik througa the ees osponent go down és thing be rough . out agi , leox to waist , when not lo cin jonanny be ani walk &y nage build . referees larusso . before he know it , Daniel find i a head tal bedroom = hc 13h lucilie wake slowly . she urn she focus on the empty ashtray . look on the floor for + imcle know should be there . he rise a daniei 's room . he be not in bed , my word be law . n you not listen , you be out . maxe contact , axe sna clash , you be cut . strik the groin , tne uknee , the thro the eye , you be out . now cow . the contestant bow to each other . uw ngarde . begin . ( '' nountinue ) 132 133 134 96 . continued : 132 rufus open with a explosive back kick which catch Daniel in the shoulder and lift he right out of the ring . the referee summon he back . referee try to keep it in the ring , larusso . continue . rufus charge , throw a barrage of punch , none of they landing effectively . Daniel be drive back out of the ring again . the referee signal he back impa - tiently . daniel be Pov : several cobras watch from the side of the ring , they attitude smug . referee one more warning , larusso . engarde . continue . Daniel 's opponent charge in with a sidekick . Daniel sidestep , mid-block and fire a reverse punch to the spine . referee Point . punch . larusso . continue . rufus charge again , this time with a front punch . Daniel hop to the side and snap a roundhouse kick to the stomach . he make enough contact to stop the charge and deflate a little air from the bigger boy . . referee Point . kick. larusso . bow. winner . larusso . miyagi-do. Ali break into applause . Daniel be very pleased . he look from miyagi and Ali over to the cobras . the smugness of a moment ago have be replace by tight mouth and hard eye . omitted : 133 int . competition hall - day 134 Lucille be scour the hall , go from ring to ring look for Daniel . when she spy one ring with many more spectator around it than the other , she rush over . lucille's Pov : across the ring Ali stand with miyagi and in the ring she son face off against Brad . referee signal the match to begin . right off , Daniel 's opponent throw a strong front kick at Daniel 's face . Lucille 's heart go to she mouth . angle on Daniel sidestepping the kick gracefuliy and scoring a point with a classic reverse - front punch . ( continued ) 134 135 136 97 . continued : 134 Lucille be startle . her displeasure be lose in she grow excitement . she nudge she way to the front of the crowd . lucille 's Pov : on the far wall , a chart track the elimination down to the final . she see Daniel 's name as the victor in several match . a small seed of pride blossom in she as she turn back to the match . Daniel 's opponent charge with a punch , kiai . Daniel block to the inside the counterpunch — es . the referee calis the point and bring the boy to center . : referee winner . larusso . miyagi-do. Daniel bow to the referee , then to he opponent . the referee raise he hand and the crowd applaud appreci - atively . Daniel hear a familiar voice cheer louder than the rest . he turn to Lucille , applaud proudly . he smile grandly . int . competition hall - montage - day 135 johnny , beat a opponent into the ground with multi - ple technique . a elimination board serve to keep we current on the tournament 's progress . Bobby , scoring with a fly wheel kick . Daniel scoring on a counter - punch . johnny , annihilate another opponent vicious - ly , as kreese look on . Daniel scoring with a front kick . Bobby scoring with a back kick . johnny scoring with a fake snap into a roundhouse kick . Bobby scoring with a fly chop . johnny scoring with a fly chop . Daniel scoring with a fly chop . off the point , Daniel look across the room to kreese , whose arm be fold as he watch silently . the crowd from the ring applaud . Daniel do not take he eye from kreese 's face . int . hall 136 the bleacher be fill up . the tape ring be go . cover by chair which be be occupy by spectator , Daniel be seat with miyagi , Lucille and Ali . a instructor pass and pat Daniel on the shoulder . instructor you do a good job there , kid . Daniel accept the praise with a sparse smile . angle on the announcer at center ring . ( continued ) 136 137 98. continued : 136 announcer and now , lady and gentleman , for we first semi-final match of the afternoon . defend Champion John lawrence of the cobra Kai versus daryl vidal of the Locust valley karate Club . Three point win . will the contestant please come to the ring ? Daniel watch johnny rise and jog up to the ring , supremely confident , the cobra Kai contingent applaud wildly . daryl , a head short , enter , also cheer loudly . as the match begin daryl throw a series of incredible technique . jonnny avoid they easily . twice more daryl attack look like a world beater . johnny block and retreat . kreese call time and whisper something in johnny 's ear . a moment later the match resume . daryl throw a big technique . instead of block johnny spin , drop daryl with a back kick . daryl 's sensei rush to he student , writhe on the floor . he signal to the referee . johnny 's arm be raise in victory . cheer from the cobras mingle with boo from the audience . int . competition hall ~- day 137 announcer the next semi-final will détermine who will face the defend champion . will Daniel larusso of miyagi - do karate and Bobby 3rown of the cobra Kai please report ? angle on kreese : in a corner of the ring . johnny just behind he . as Bobby be about to climb into the ring , kreese speak to he low . kreese I want he out of commission . kreese touch Bobby 's knee joint . bobby I can beat he , sensei . kreese I do not want he beat . bobby ( plead ) I will be disqualified . ( continued ) 137 138 99 . continued : 137 kreese train he iron eye on Bobby . the boy can not endure they searing heat . his head drop , as kreese bend he to he will . Bobby sullenly enter the ring . angle on johnny : just behind kreese . he have hear the entire exchange and disappointment in he teacher 's word be evident . xreese look up to find miyagi in the opposite corner , he penetrate eye on he . kreese look away and find johnny . johnny look away . Bobby and Daniel face off . int . ring - day 138 referee bow . engarde . begin . Bobby throw a low front kick . Daniel go to block , only to find , it be a fake for a wheel kick that whis - tle a inch from he ear . referee Point . Brown . engarde . continue . the boy circle . Bobby catch kreese 's commend eye at ringside . his concentration lapse . Daniel see the opportunity and lunge with a punch . reperee Point . larusso , one one . engarde . Bobby do not respond . his eye be lock with kreese 's . his breath come in short nervous gasp . referee Brown . engarde . Bobby put he hand up . there be no light in he face , only tired resignation . his eye shift once more to kreese . : referee continue . in slow motion , Bobby jump high in the air , appear to throw a fly sidekick . instinctively , Daniel 's hand rise , but instead of kick out , Bobby drop and push the blade of he foot into daniei 's knee , the full weight of he body behind it . a sicken crack fill the arena , Lucille scream . Ali 's hand go to she mouth . miyagi rush into the ring . the crowd rise , suck air , share the pain . Daniel col - lapse , grab he knee , feel more pain than he have ever know . angle on johnny : astound that this have happen . ( continued ) 138 139 140 100 . continued : 138 bobby I be sorry . I be sorry . the referee push Bobby roughly aside . he kneel to examine Daniel and wave for a stretcher . the crowd be on its foot , boo . cries of " foul " fill the air . announcer Bobby Brown of the cobra Kai will be disqualified for excessive and deliberate contact and prohibit from compete in all further competition sanction by this organization . the winner : Daniel larusso . Bobby exit the ring to boo and catcall . he walk towards kreese and the other cobra Kai student , tear welling in he eye , stop just long enough to untie he belt and drop it defiantly at kreese 's foot . kreese glare at he , but Bobby be no longer intimi - date . he meet the glare fully . johnny and the other cobras avert they eye . int . competition hall ~ day 139 announcer before the championship match begin , we have a demonstration by the fu jow pai kung fu School of chinese spear and sword fight . kreese get warm up . johnny hesitates . then obey . int . dressing room - day 140 Daniel lie on a bench in . the empty room as a doctor pack he bag . Lucille , Ali and miyagi all stand in the background , the woman visibly upset ; miyagi he usual stoic self . doctor I will inform the judge . the dector exit . Lucille and Ali rush to comfort Daniel , lucille I could not be any prouder of you . daniel I do not have a chance anyway . ( continued ) nae 140 141 101 . continued : 140 ali that 's not true . daniel do n'tcha think it 's time to get back to reality here . ali I be not kid . I think you have a shot . I have see enough of this thing . daniel ( bitter ) yeah well . we will never get to know will we ? a dry rubbing SOUND catch everyone 's ear . all Pov : miyagi stand , rub he hand together so quickly that smoke scem to rise from they . int . competition hall i41 johnny and kreese be in the ring about to accept the winner 's trophy when Ali run up to the announcer . announcer hold on . angle on : Daniel , Lucille , and miyagi make it through the crowd to ringside . angle on : kreese and johnny do a slow burn as Daniel enter the ring . announcer be not that what it 's all about , folk ? how 's the leg , son ? Daniel throw two kick , not take he eye off johnny . announcer all right , the big event . the title match to determine who will emerge from this ring , victor and champion of the all Valley under eighteen karate championship . Daniel larusso , miyagi - do karate versus John lawrence , of the cobra Kai . Ali and Lucille sit at ringside . kreese stalk back to he corner and glare across at miyagi who have take up he position in the opposite corner . the contestant meet at center ring . ( continued ) 141 102 . continued : 141 referee you know the rule . Three point win . let 's give this people a championship match they will not forget . bow . Daniel 's eye do not leave johnny 's . referee engarde . begin . johnny open with a flurry of punch and kick , driv - ing Daniel back . his last technique be a wheel kick , which Daniel duck and follow up with a strong reverse punch to the stomach . referee Point . larusso . continue . the boy circle each other . johnny throw a backhand , follow by a strong sidekick . Daniel drop , poke one leg in front of johnny 's support leg , and one leg be ~ hind , and twist . johnny go crash to the canvas . Daniel scramble up and deliver a chop to he neck . referee Point . the crowd go crazy . kreese 's jaw tighten . johnny rise , he nose bleed from the fall . kreese time . he wave johnny over , make believe he be examine the wound . kreese ( low ) sweep the leg . johnny hesitates . kreese you have a problem . jornny no , sensei . kreese then take he . johnny return to center ring . ( continued ) 141 103 . continued : ( 2 ) 141 referee engarde . continue . johnny explode with a full power foot sweep which catch Daniel just below he bad knee . as Daniel spin off balance johnny drill a punch into he back . referee Point . the cobra Kai student cheer louder than the rest of the partisan crowd . Daniel rise slowly and return to center ring , he limp more pronounce . referee engarde . continue . right off the mark johnny throw another sweep , fol - low by a roundhouse kick to the head . as Daniel 's foot be sweep , he spin into johnny 's roundhouse , which make contact with he mouth . he hit the canvas hard . referee clash . no.contact . Point . Daniel get up slowly , in pain . blood trickle from a split lip . his limp be more pronounce . johnny 's eye go to kreese . he nod tersely at johnny , commanding he to continue the barrage . referee two two . Match point . engarde . continue . johnny sweep Daniel again , but before he can get he scoring technique off , Daniel be on the canvas , and the referee be call the fighter to center ring . Daniel be in pain . as he come to center ring , johnny get into fight position . referee engarde . continue . johnny charge , come at Daniel with everything he have . Daniel be almost defenseless , pummele to the mat . the referee break the fighter and set they back at center . Daniel look over to he corner , where miyagi stand impassively . referee bow . engarde . ( continued ) 141 " 142 104 . continued : ( 3 ) 141 johnny set low , menace , ready for the footsweep , again . Daniel take he eye off miyagi and raise one leg , he bad leg , up in the air . he put he hand out in front of he , set in a perfect crane stance , his eye lock with miyagi 's . the old man 's mouth crease in the smailest of smile . Daniel 's eye turn to johnny . the stance have confuse he and the referee as well , who hesitates for a moment . Daniel remain immobile . referee continue . but johnny stall , perplex , until kreese 's voice shake he out of he confusion . kreese finish he . johnny take a deep breath and lunge . in slow motion , Daniel leap straight up with all he strength , he leg tuck in . his kick catch johnny in the jaw . johnny go down . Daniel land on he bad leg and collapse as well . the crowd erupt , have never see such technique . kreese glare at johnny , still on the can - vas , and leave the corner , stalking out of the arena . the referee call the fighter to center . referee Point . Flying kick . larusso . winner . the referee raise Daniel 's arm in victory . Ali and Lucille be all over Daniel . miyagi stand proudly by he side accept kudo as well . the trophy be thrust into Daniel 's hand by johnny . johnny ( sincere ) good match . for the first time Ali and johnny can look at each other without tension . ext . hall ~ night 142 miyagi , Daniel , and Ali exit . some youngster stop Daniel for a autograph . he oblige . lucille lobster on I . I be gonna go set up . she go to hurry to she car , stop , take Daniel 's head in she hand , and kiss he affectionately . ( continued ) 142 aww continued : 142 lucille you be marvelous . in she excitement she grab miyagi and kiss he as well . he blushes . lucille so be you . ( pull back ) oh . be that a insult ? miyagi at my age compliment . Lucille run to she car . lucille do not be long . Daniel notice miyagi look around . daniel who you look for ? miyagi do not seem to hear he . he walk toward the parking lot , still look . Ali and Daniel follow . ext . parking lot - night 143 the cobra Kai student load into kreese 's black van with a cobra Kai emblem paint boldly on its side . johnny be the last one in line to enter the van . kreese bar the door . kreese beat it . johnny I try , sensei . rkreese I have he crippled and you still could not beat he . johnny it be not my fault . kreese , angere by the statement , grab johnny by the shirt front and pull he to within inch of he face . just as Daniel , Ali , and miyagi turn the corner . kreese you inferr it be mine ? a voice from the side turn kreese : ( continued ) 143 avs continued : 143 miyagi why you no pick on someone you own size ? kreese mind you own business , old man . miyagi who you call old man , monkey face ? kreese throw johnny aside like a rag doll and rush miyagi , lunge punch for he face . at the last mo - ment , miyagi sidestep . kreese 's punch go up to he elbow through a car windshield miyagi be stand in front of . ignoring he bloody nand , kreese whiris and throw a skip kick . again miyagi sidestep at the last moment , cause kreese 's kick to connect with the side of he own van . the steel bend beneath he power . enrage , kreese lunge at miyagi to kill he . miyagi do not move . at the last moment , he raise he hand , palm out , and intercept kreese 's fist . kreese stop dead in he track . the old man 's mouth crease in a ironic smile , as he slowly apply pre - sure to kreese 's fist , force kreese down to he knee . angle on the cobra Kai student look out of the van , they eye wide witn terror and amazement . angle on Daniel , proud of he teacher . kreese be bring to he knee , he eye for the first time , flicker with fear . miyagi 's smile die . his eye turn to stone . he cock he hand back slowly . miyagi mercy be for the weak . we do not train to be merciful . a man face you he be the enemy . a enemy deserve no mercy . miyagi 's hand be cocked as far as it can go behind he head . his face be a mask of vengeance . angle on the cobra Kai student , they mouth fairly tremble with fear . angle on Daniel . daniel ( whisper ) no. he can not believe he teacher would abandon what he have teach he . angle on kreese : he look up at miyagi , he face rattle with fear . miyagi 's eye flash . his hand cut through the air whistling towards kreese 's unprotect head . ( continued ) 143 awe continued : if. 143 closeup : face . his eye shut tightly expect - ing the d '' when it do not come , he open he eye miyagi 's chop be less than a inch from he nose , finger flick the lowest Zo wink . Dan ef they embrac exit from the still kneel alone . z z0ch miyagi , they pany by Al : way through * emble with power . miyagi 's fore - , nubbing the end of kreese 's nose in for insult . miyagi turn to Daniel and shes inta he teacher 's arm . the two one by one , the cobra Kai student , drop they belt in front of the eese , and walk off , leave he en the parking lot and Daniel and £ over each other 's shoulder , accom - ing Daniel 's trophy , wend they neze of car . fade out . the end