Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. Rev. the brave one screenplay by 08/02/06 ( yellow ) 08/04/06 ( Green ) 08/07/06 ( goldenrod ) 08/09/06 ( buff ) 08/14/06 ( salmon ) 08/29/06 ( cherry ) roderick Taylor & Bruce A. Taylor and Cynthia mort Story by roderick Taylor & Bruce A. Taylor this script be the confidential and proprietary property of Warner bros . picture and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote or publish without prior write permission . warner bros . picture inc . 4000 Warner boulevard burbank , California 91522 full pink June 13 , 2006 '' 2006 warner bros . ent . all rights reserved ne the brave one - Rev. 8/29/06 fade in : omitted int . recording studio - day camera track through glass window . reflection of the city , of office worker , of a woman speak into a microphone . erica I be erica bain , and as you know , I walk the city . I bitch and moan about it . I walk and watch and listen . I witness all the beauty and ugliness that be disappear from we beloved city . last week take I to the grey depth of the East River where dimitri panchenko swim he lap like he have since the 1960s . and today I walk by the acre of scaffold outside what use to be the Plaza Hotel and I think about eloise . remember Kay Thompson 's eloise ? eloise who live in the Plaza Hotel , with she dog weenie and she parent who be always away and she English nanny who have 8 hairpin make out of bone -- as she talk , we see she -- thin , semi-transperant , ghostlike . almost nothing but voice . erica that eloise . the adore brat of my childhood . a little punk kid pirouetting round the grand ballroom , pour pitcher of water down the mail chute , Upper East side anarchist in pigtail , not unlike other brat and punk this city have bring to life . sid vicious spew beer from he tooth in the chelsea Hotel . Andy Warhol , he sunglass reflect Valerie Solana 's gun . Edgar Allen poe freeing live monkey from the crate of a crumble schooner on oily slip of South Street . story of a city that be disappear before we eye , its people sweep over the williamsburg , the Holland tunnel , the Major degan . ( more ) ( continued ) ae HH he hr hf 3 continued : erica ( cont 'd ) you can visit , but you can not live here anymore . so what will be leave of that storey ? be we go to have to construct a imaginary city to house we memory ? because when you love something , every time a bit of it go , you lose a piece of yourself . so where 's eloise go to sleep tonight ? can you hear she ghost wander round the collapse corridor of she beloved Plaza , try to find she nanny 's room , call out to construction worker in a voice that nobody hear , have anyone see my turtle skiperdee ? int . recording studio - later the end of the show . erica this be erica bain and you have be listen to ' Street walk . ' as the light turn red -- erica -- see you next week . -- perfect timing . as usual . carol olsen , 5as , very lefty liberal , very Ruth hirshburg before she be Ruth seymour , the director of the station , enter . carol do eloise really mean that much to you ? erica be you never a girl , Carol ? carol not the kind of girl that remember the name of she turtle . anyway , good show . bravo call again about that tv spot . ( continued ) ee es 4 continued : erica yeah , I do not know , Carol . carol come on , you have get the knack for it . that post - modern metaphoric thing of yours be make for they . and a little cross-promotion would not hurt nkw . erica I be not a face , I be just a voice . and my show be on the website , people can hear they for free -- carol yes , exactly . close on erica she shrug , a bad habit of hers . erica maybe . carol can I say you be consider ? CUT to : int . hospital solarium - later david karmani , late 20 , dress in rn scrub , attend to a patient sit in the solarium . his face -- thin , dark , beautiful , could be italian , Spanish , Black -- a indistinguishable mix , he be like the future and the past all roll up in one . a small cross , old , silver , sit on a chain around he neck -- not as a fashion statement , or a fuck you , but a simple , personal , intimate expression of faith . a doctor , a woman , all business , come behind he . doctor ( irritate ) could you go to room 512 , the patient think he blood pressure be drop . goddamn tv show , everyone 's a goddamn doctor . ( continued ) continued : david uh ... okay . he look she in the eye without attitude , but also without any sense that she be better than he , or anyone . it stop she -- for just a moment . doctor I be such a god-awful bitch , sorry . she leave . David shake he head , move down the hall -- he phone vibrate . he grab it . int . stationery store - same time erica , cell phone to she ear , be look at a mock - up of a wedding invitation . erica ( into phone ) hi. intercut with : int . hospital - same time david ( smile ) erica what be you wear ? david Green scrub , tie at the waist , very sexy V -neck , short sleeve -- erica uh huh ... what about the sexy green hat ? the saleswoman approach , more invitation in she hand . erica look at they , nod , than shake she head , maybe she do not like it . ( continued ) 7 continued : stationery woman ( a bit frustrated ) you like it more than the other ? less than the other ? the same ? erica shrug , clueless . erica ( into phone ) honey -- you sure you be okay with creme and orange ? david yeah . stationery woman ( to erica ) it 's actually not creme , it 's vanilla . but that 's fine . erica ( into phone ) it 's not creme , it 's vanilla -- david who care ? let 's just go get marry , tonight . erica you mother care . trust I . she want invitation . erica nod at the invitation . " it 's fine . " and head out . erica meet I at Nicole 's thing later . please . I promise you will not have to talk to anyone but I . david ah ... maybe . ext . stationery store - continuous action erica start walk uptown . erica you be not come . David get to the patient's room , who be take he own pulse . ( continued ) 8 continued : david I will come to one of you art show when you come to one of my basketball game . no response . david see ? gotta go . I love you . erica I love you too . int . loft - day a photography show . kind of groovy , a tad trendy but cool . erica , drink in hand , know everyone , this be she crowd -- erica drift away , check out the photograph -- a series of ' 60 storefront , a gun store , a laundromat , a liquor store . she scan they , take in every detail , every color , every corner see to the very edge of the frame . something jame , the guy who shot they , appreciate . jame hi . he give erica a kiss . erica ( off the storefront ) this be cool . jame thanks . the laundromat be in a town in Jersey -- where Diane arbus use to do she laundry . that gun store be down in Chinatown -- bernice abott shot it in the thirty . erica they be really good . they be evocative , but quiet . they do not make a lot of noise . I like they . jame thanks . want to buy one ? she give he a smile . ( continued ) continued : erica I wish . erica , drag a bit , set she full drink down , head for the door . Nicole stop she . nicole be you leave ? erica no , not yet . nicole you be a shitty liar . erica I know , but I try . nicole well , tell he that sooner or later he 's gonna have to come to something , he can not avoid we forever . at which point she notice something , behind erica 's shoulder . David , have come straight from he basketball game . he put a finger to he lip . shhh !!! then wrap he arm around erica , from behind . david do not you love this woman ? nicole I do not know . I could take she or leave she . david you leave she . i'1l take she . he kiss erica 's neck . she glow with pleasure . erica not here . david be it what I be wear ? erica no . I love you in sweat . ( continued ) 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 nicole you be both so happy it 's disgusting . erica sorree ... see you ... nicole I hate you . Goodbye . 10 ext . west 103rd STREET - day 10 David and erica walk home . the street be quiet , desolate , shadow -- and they be happy . erica that mean a lot to she , you know . david my mother tell I once , if you want to love someone , see if you can love they friend . eric and ? david ( laughingly ) I hate she . he put he arm through hers . 11 ext . erica's apartment - evening 11 they come to they building . erica sit on the stoop . erica sit here a while . it 's beautiful . david I get to walk he -- erica get my jacket , then -- he go into the building . she sit , as udo josai , 60 , sudanese woman , a tenant in the building , walk up to the building , carry some grocery . erica move over to let she by . josai I can open my own door -- ( continued ) 11 al2 12 continued : 11 erica move anyway , get up to help she get the door . josai look at she , nod , hand erica a apple from she bag . erica thank you . David come back out the door with they dog , curtis , pass the woman on they way . david that 's go to be you when you be old -- erica I be old . but way meaner . ( then ) she give I a apple . erica take a bite , as David put he arm around she . just before they leave , erica wedge a fold newspaper in the door , prop it open so they do not have to take they key . ext . central park - stranger gate - night al2 there 's a magical glow in the sky , darkness have just begin to gather in the distance as erica and David take a walk with curtis . ext . central park - night 12 curtis get a little frisky , hopping around . david he know I be carry . David reach behind he back and pull out the ball . curtis start barking and jump around excitedly . erica unfasten he leash . David give the ball a toss . curtis run after it . david I mean it , you know . what 's wrong with City Hall , tonight ? erica they be close . he put he arm around she . ( continued ) 12 10 . continued : 12 david tomorrow then . erica you have a family , David . I do not . david you be not marrying my family . erica iam . or kind of hope I hope I be . you mother 's a sweet woman . she want the whole deal . invite , a minister , the band play . maybe I want it too . it 's not as if I be go to do it twice . he look at she . she really mean it . david I think that 's the nicest thing you ever say to I . he kiss she . they be lose in the moment . then -- david hey , where 's curtis ? they look around , notice for the first time it 's get dark . erica ( call out ) curtis ? curtis , come here , boy . the dog do not come . David whistle and clap he hand . david curtis ! but curtis still do not come . he 's nowhere to be see . erica where be he ? david the ball go over there . come on . they leave the path and head out toward the pedestrian tunnel . 11 . 13 ext . central park / pedestrian tunnel - night 13 David walk into a tunnel , erica behind he . erica curtis , where the hell be you ? come on , we have get to go home . curtis ! the dog have vanish into the darkness which now press in , sinister . david I wish we have a flashlight . in bushes - monochromatic image - night we see David and erica on a unsteady monochromatic image , realize someone be photograph they through the bush . a hand , hold a cell phone , they image on the screen . a tall , thin figure step into the f.g. -- 14 ext . central park / pedestrian tunnel - night 14 the tall thin guy , reed , step through the bush hold curtis in one arm , he hand clamp over its mouth . reed hey , do not you know there 's a fuckin ' leash law ? david yeah , sorry . thanks for find he . cautiously , David take a couple step forward and reach out for curtis . reed hold on to he . reed be not there a reward ? david yeah , sure -- we gratitude . now give he to I . reed gratitude be not worth much . David and erica know this could get dangerous . David try to sidestep the problem , get out he wallet . ( continued ) 12 . 14 continued : 14 david I do not have much on I , but you can have it . reed grab he wallet . curtis try to get free , reed grip he tightly , curtis whine . erica you be hurt he ! david give I the damn dog right now ! reed I do not think so . kind of like this dog . think he 's a keeper . back to monochromatic image someone be moving through the bush . two guy come out , one of they , cash , big , fleshy , hold up a cell phone , photograph the scene . the other , lee , hold a metal pipe . cash smile , baby . he point the cell phone / camera at erica . David move closer to she . david like I say , I do not have much cash on I but you guy can have what I have get ... the three guy close in on they . lee give I you watch , and give I that ring , bitch . erica pull off she ring , hand it to he . Lee take the ring , then grab she hand , pull she to he . David snap . david get you hand off she ! as he move toward Lee , Lee whacks he savagely in the face with the metal pipe . erica scream . ( continued ) 14 15 16 17 the brave one - Rev. 8/29/06 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 14 reed throw erica against one wall as Cash cheer he on ... cash Hollywood time ! Hollywood ! Lee continue to beat David already on the ground and bloody . erica 's body laid flat on the pavement . they kick she . cash ( be not that cute ? ) ( the love bird --) a chickenhead and a faggot . she look over at David . int . columbia presbyterian hospital - trauma CENTER - 15 night two gurney be rush into the emergency from outside . doctor and nurse crowd around to give aid . on erica unconscious on the gurney , she blouse , cover in blood . surgical scissors slice through it , expose she bruise flesh ... CUT to : flashback - int . bedroom - david' hand 16 undoing the button of she blouse . they be gentle , dark against she fair skin , like pianist 's hand . CUT to : int . columbia presbyterian hospital - trauma CENTER - 17 night ( present ) scissor slice through she hair , expose the raw , bleed wound there ... CUT to : the hof 18 19 20 21 22 14 . flashback - int . bedroom - david be hand 18 running through she hair . she arch she head back . his hand trace a line down she forehead , towards she nose , she mouth ... CUT to : int . columbia presbyterian hospital - trauma CENTER - 19 night ( present ) a nurse 's hand pry open she mouth , insert a rubber bite between she tooth , push in a feed tube . CUT to : flashback - int . bedroom 20 David 's lip meet hers in a kiss . they lip part . the moment be strange . his face rise above she , out of focus . it be as if she can not reach he , be lock in a bubble , can not move or speak ... int . erica's hospital room - night ( present ) 21 erica -- thin plastic tube run from she break , frail body , to big , square , pale - color machine . it 's ugly , survival . uglier in a way , than even the attack . it be cold and without passion -- a odd way to hold on to a life . int . waiting room - continuous action 22 David 's mother , sister , aunt be crowded in the room . Dark -skin , emotional , more than a few be praying . Nicole be there , watch they , wishing like all of we , she have whatever they have in this moment -- faith , family , prayer . a social care worker enter , approach David 's mother , sister . social care worker do she have any family you need to call ? david be mom turn to Nicole . david be mom do she ? ( continued ) 22 23 24 continued : Nicole shake she head . nicole it 's just she . int . emergency room - day the body of a beautiful woman on a gurney . wound have ruin part of she face . draw a sheet over she . detective sean mercer , tall , dark , detective vitale . vitale she be dead on arrival . print all over the gun . mercer where ? vitale her bedroom . mercer so . he 's laugh again . he be visibly upset . he walk through the emergency room , be wheeled away , to a open door . 15 . 22 CUT to : 23 a bullet a medical orderly a bit weary , look down , he eye examine every detail . with he be her daughter call 911 . as the woman 's body through the door , we see a wait room where a young girl , hayley adam , sit , traumatize , with a cpa worker . through . int . waiting room - day mercer approach the care worker . mercer can I talk to she now ? cpa worker you can try -- mercer walk 24 say softly . mercer walk forward slowly , take the girl 's hand . ( continued ) 24 16 . continued : 24 mercer ( gentle ) that be a really bad thing that * happen . and it 's gonna hurt for * a long time . * he move in front of she , squat down , so he be look up at she , non-threatening , small . mercer I can not imagine how alone you must * feel now . you mom be really * worried about you . * she look at he . mercer and she would have want you to * trust I . so just try , okay ? do * you stepfather hurt mommy ? * the girl say nothing . he try again . mercer do he ? do he ever hurt mommy before ? no response . she 's close off to the world . he get up , as tough a witness as he 's ever have . vitale gesture down the hall -- a man , sonny murrow , decent-look , well - dress , see mercer and come towards they , through the exterior door . * murrow come on , honey -- mercer block he path . murrow you do not have the right -- at a time like this -- I need to see she -- you do not have the right to prevent I -- mercer yes , we do . murrow she 's my daughter . mercer you stepdaughter . ( continued ) 24 25 26 17 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 he get mad , in a flash . mercer could not care less . mercer you know how it work . you have be there before . you hire all the lawyer , do you thing . but now we be do ours . ( to vitale , off stepfather ) you deal with he . I gotta take a walk . mercer leave , as vitale shift the man out of the way . upper hallway 25 mercer walk down the hall , pass erica 's room , then turn around , stop , go back , look in . then he step into the room , turn to the nurse , older , strong , not a lot can shake she . the nurse shrug , then , off erica 's unbearably destroy body . nurse I use to listen to she show . on mercer , look at erica . mercer' Pov he look at she with a cop be eye . he do not miss a thing . every bruise , every cut , every blow she take he see . back to scene he barely shake he head as he walk out the door . int . erica's hospital room - night 26 on erica : eye open , stare straight up . she slowly move she neck , take in the machinery , the tube , the room . she be awake and alone . and it freak she out -- the dark , the quiet . her finger feel around the bed frame , find the remote . she press it , the tv turn on . 27 28 29 18 . int . erica's hospital room - next morning 27 David 's mother and sister be by she bed . erica be look at they , stunne . erica you ... he 's ... you have the ... service ? david' mom they do not know when you be go to wake up -- if you be go to wake up . tear be roll down David 's mother 's face . david be mom you be go for two week . we have to let he go . we have to -- erica nod . erica I ... want to see he again ... david' mom he 's go , honey . he 's go . despite erica 's best effort , tear flood down she face . david be mom he would have be happy that you live . she just shake she head , no idea there be more pain leave to feel . omitted 28 int . erica's hospital room - day 29 two police detective , pitney and o'connor , stand by erica 's bed . they be show photograph of face that could possibly be the killer . she shake she head as each one come up . erica they be become a blur . I can not tell anymore . she look at the detective stand above she . they be big man , in suit , with the colorful tie detective wear . ( continued ) 29 a30 b30 30 19 . continued : 29 pitney you gotta help we here . we need something from you , anything -- as the picture flash by . o'connor why do not we go through it again . after he slam you boyfriend with the pipe -- she clam up . this seem hopeless . pitney look , we know how tough it can be to go back there -- erica do you ? she look round at they face . Men , hard and practical . o'connor we be on you side , miss bain . erica I know . you be the good guy . so why do not it feel like that ? CUT to : int . erica's hospital room - day a30 erica , dress in street clothing , sit across from a therapist . there be a orderly with a wheelchair in the room . the therapist hand she a sample pack of anti - depressant , write she a prescription . ext./ int . erica's build - hallway - day b30 erica walk down the hall towards the stair . a taxi cab pull away in the b.g . int . erica's apartment - day 30 erica stand in the doorway try to assemble the piece in some way that make sense . ( continued ) 30 31 a32 b32 20 . continued : 30 she sees he everywhere -- he nylon jacket on a kitchen chair , he tennis shoe kick off in front of the sofa , he kind of geeky but kind of cool clothes toss on the tv -- she drop she shit , head to the bedroom , dread it and know she have to face it . int . bedroom - erica's Pov - day 31 they unmade bed -- he green scrub toss on the floor , on he cross on the table next to it ... there be a small CD player by the bed . she reach out and open it . see a CD still there . Hit the play button . a song drift through . eric clapton , " tear in Heaven . " flashback - erica and david she be dance with David , sway gently , by the bed . his hand draw she dress up . his lip play on she neck . she laugh , softly , fall back , support by he arm , towards the bed . ext . central park but she head fall onto hard earth now . Lee , above , be beat the shit out of she . lee cunt. bitch . Whore . int . erica's bedroom - night ( present ) a32 erica , lie on the bed fully clothed . try to sleep . she can not . int . erica's live room - day b32 the telephone be ringing . erica walk out of the bedroom , pull a blouse on . she tuck David 's cross , hang around she neck , between the button of she blouse . we hear a voice , leave a message on the phone . Nicole 's . ( continued ) b32 c32 d32 21 . continued : b32 nicole ( v.o. ) ( on answer - machine ) hi. call I . I be take you out . dinner , a movie , a walk . anything to get you out of there ... she do not pick up . walk towards the apartment door and open it . int . erica's stairwell - corridor - day c32 erica , walk down the stair towards the corridor that lead to the open door -- and the street outside . the corridor be long , dark , and eerie . the daylight gleam through the open door , but seem threaten , rather than comforting . she finally manage the journey down it , which seem to take a age . she make it to the half - open door , and see the silhouett figure of construction worker on the scaffold opposite she building . a loud crash -- which startles she . a plank have fall to the ground below the scaffold . a wind blow the dark netting , cover the scaffold . eerie , unsettle . ext . erica's apartment build / STREET - continuous d32 action she make it down the step and head down the street . then see -- the dark phalanx of the rock of the park , the tree above it . the same wind blow the leave . she can not go on , turn back . and gasp as she walk straight into the path of someone come from behind . woman hey -- erica sorry -- she do a bad job of hide she panic , she surprise . she head back up the stoop . CUT to : 32 33 34 35 22 . omitted 32 & 33 int . erica's bedroom - night 34 erica , lie in bed , can not sleep . she take another pill , chase it with water . she get up , walk around , hope the pill will take effect but know they will not , just as the one from the night before do not . and the night before that . she go into the -- flashback - int . bathroom run a bath , put she hand under the water , check the temperature ... there be a hand on she face , it be David 's , try to calm she . they be in a fight , she push he , he face crumble , she hate herself . as erica throw she arm around David , kissing he -- she be smashed in the face , again and again and again and again until she fall , land almost softly on the dirt . back to erica ( present ) now in the bath , not flinching from the memory , take the full force of the blow , again . CUT to : int . erica's office - day 35 the telephone ringing . erica stand by the window , smoking . down below , she see josai , she neighbor , cultivate the small vegetable plot in the common garden . a voice on the answer machine again . Nicole . nicole ( v.o. ) ( on answer -machine ) hi. I again . the pest . you do not call . I be come round ... erica look at the phone , look at she apartment , she jail -- she jacket on the chair where it 's be for day -- fuck it , it 's time . a36 b36 36 23 . int . erica's apartment - downstair hallway - day a36 erica , come down the stair . she see the corridor ahead of she . walk down it . open the door . ext . erica's apartment build - continuous action b36 see the brightly - light street . the figure of the construction worker , eerie under the dark netting . she make it down the stoop . to she leave be the park . to she right , the street lead to some distant project . she choose the right . ext . west 103rd STREET - day 36 it 's the same street she walk at the beginning , before the attack , a street she 's walk a thousand time before . hand in the pocket of she jacket , erica head down the familiar , quiet three - block stretch . erica's Pov she move forward down the sun-lit street , familiar with its corner , its rhythm , its shadow -- but the sunlight only increase she unease . every shadow hold a terror for she . a youth , sit in the shadow on the stoop , talk into he cell phone . a car up ahead , a lone man sit in it , again on the shadow side . she speed up to pass the car , but the camera slow on he face , the windscreen cut in half by the shadow , he face against the shadow seat . he seem to be glaring at she . erica 's eye start scan the street as she walk past the man in the car . the camera slow even more -- the few foot of shadow pavement seem to take forever to cover . she make it past , then the car door open behind she . the loud sound of a door slamming . then footstep , follow . ( continued ) 36 a37 b37 the brave one - Rev. 8/4/06 24 . continued : 36 she try to calm herself but she batter body will not listen -- she chest start pound , she wipe she sweaty hand on she coat -- the sound of he footstep grow louder , she can not bring herself to look around . she yank herself back even as she pick up she pace -- the SOUND of she quickening footstep , he footstep quicken too , she breathe , she racing pulse blend together until the SOUND drop out -- and erica 's breathing become the unsettle soundtrack to she panic . the man be alongside she now , on the street side . fuck !!!! she stop , dead . and the guy , totally unaware of she , walk on to the newspaper stand , busy he paper , a pack of gum . omitted a37 int . police station / MAIN area - day ( previously sc . 33 ) b37 erica enter through the main door . hold onto the door handle . she look at the lobby area of the police station -- cop move back and forward with gun in holster , people milling around , sunlight stream through the huge window . it seem all she can to enter this public space . but she do . walk forward to the desk . cop can I help you ? she check a card . erica detective Pitney or O'Connor please . cop they be out presently . could anyone else help ? erica I want to check on my case . I have be call , but get nothing but phone - tag . I think if I come in person it might -- ( continued ) 25 . b37 continued : b37 cop what kind of case ? we can see how difficult this be for she , but she manage it . erica my boyfriend be beat to death . cop location ? erica Central park. cop name ? the question routine -- the answer unbearable . erica David kirmani . it might be under erica bain . cop how long ago ? erica June eleventh . the cop hit a couple more keys . close on computer screen filled with name of victims , location of attack , time of death -- as he search -- page after page after page of case fill the screen . close on erica as she watch the cop search through computer file for she sleepless night and batter body and dead dream . cop a liaison officer will be down shortly to help . I know how difficult this can be . if you could please be a little patient and take a seat over there -- he point to a row of fold chair . a couple of other people be there wait . ( continued ) b37 37 38 26 . continued : ( 2 ) b37 as erica go to the chair , sit down , she watch the next person in line come up , give they information . the cop check the computer . Hit a few key . cop ( 0o.s. ) okay , a liaison officer will be down shortly to help . I know how difficult this can be . if you could please be a little patient and take a seat over there -- he gesture to the chair . erica's Pov maybe it 's the isolation in they face , the unbearable knowledge that what happen to they will never matter to anyone as much as it do to they -- but all of a sudden erica get , as we do , what they have in common -- they be victim -- and she be one of they . after a beat , she get up and leave . ext . erica's apartment build - day 37 Nicole come up the sidewalk , carry a bag of grocery . int . erica's kitchen - moment later 38 erica be stand in the kitchen , watch Nicole put the grocery away . nicole I have be call you . ( then ) you have not pick up you phone . erica I know , Nicole . nicole erica -- Nicole look at erica -- through she eye , eye that have not see she every day , we see the change . she 's thin , hair a little longer , she eye be distant , she hand dry , she skin clear but pale . ( continued ) 38 a39 39 the brave one - Rev. 8/29/06 27 . continued : 38 Nicole look around , no food , no dirty glass or cup , no magazine , newspaper , no grocery bag , nothing , a total absence of live . nicole how long have it be since you have be out ? a week , ten day -- erica I make it out today . nicole ( that 's good ) erica , no one expect you to go back to work , to function , but you have to -- erica what do I have to do ? ( Nicole ) nicole ( pause ) I know I do not know what it feel like -- and I be so sorry this happen to you . ( then ) listen , I do not come over to bring you grocery . I come to take you someplace . erica immediately pull back . erica oh no . no , no . nicole I see this place and I can not vouch for it -- but David would have want you to try -- ext . martial art studio - day a39 Nicole and erica enter and come upon ... int . martial art studio - women' self -defense CLASS - 39 day a tough guy run toward a woman . the instructor shout direction . a group of woman around they on the mat . instructor walk forward , dana . yell when he grab you . ( continued ) 39 40 41 the brave one - Rev. 8/29/06 28 . continued : 39 she shout , thrust she arm between he , break he grip . then she knee he in the ball . shout " no ! " after each attack . erica , Nicole watch . instructor that 's right . find a target . keep fight . hit he hard . finish up . she blow she whistle . instructor beautiful . look around you . come to the top of he head . assess he . all together : 911 . the entire class shout " 911 " and cheer . erica can not fuck stand it . she tug at Nicole . erica we have to go , come on . nicole I know . sorry . sorry . they leave . ext . gun store ( chinatown ) - day 40 a small , nondescript gun store , with a outsize gun dangle above the entrance . the same gun store erica see in the photography show . erica cross the street , walk into the store . int . gun store - continuous action 41 a young man , buy bullet , at the counter . erica enter behind he , look at the counter . a long row of shiny gun under glass . she check they out . after the man pay , the store owner address she . owner can I help you ? erica um ... yeah . I want ( need ) to buy a gun . ( continued ) * the hof the hof 41 42 the brave continued he put a he shove she look the store the store way out , one - Rev. 8/29/06 stack of form on the counter . owner license ? erica oh ... of course . I needa license . form towards she . owner when you get that -- fill this form out -- we will notify you in thirty day . at the form , the gun -- erica I need to buy something now . owner sorry . that 's illegal . owner turn away . erica ( desperate ) hey -- ( as the guy turn back ) I ... I will not survive thirty day . owner do not care . but the young man , have hear the conversation . ext . gun store - continuous action as erica doorway , she shake 29 . 41 on he 42 exit the store , the young man be at a adjacent wait for she . man what happen to you ? 's she head , just look at he . ( continued ) 30 . 42 continued : 42 erica I do not feel safe anywhere . man ( pause ) thousand dollar . erica ( nod ) I need to learn how to use it too . he look at she , no shit . man no shit . follow I -- he turn the corner , into the next street , then enter a crowded fish market . erica hesitates , outside , but notice the crowd in there , decide it 's safe -- aa43 ext . chinatown STREET - day aba43 the man and erica walk down a crowded street of asian shopper . a43 int . chinatown fish market - day a43 chinese housewive , buy all manner of fish . erica follow the man through . b43 ext . back of chinatown fish market - day b43 erica wait there . the young man come up a stairwell , with a plastic bag . man it 's a kahr k - 9 . check to see if it 's load . erica how ? man chamber it . pull the slide back . she do that . man it 's get a internal safety . so you do not shoot yourself . pay I now , it 's yours . ( continued ) b43 43 44 45 46 31 . continued : b43 she seem to hesitate . he hold up the plastic bag . man I will throw in the bullet . he take out a bullet stock . man load from the handle . omitted 43 int . erica's bedroom - night 44 erica lie in bed , tv on . she pick up a bottle of anti - depressant , look at it , set it down . she pick up the gun -- the weight of it , the steel , the finality -- do what the anti-depressant and sleep pill and alcohol have fail to do , it calm she , soothes she -- she place it beneath she pillow and close she eye . and finally , sleep . ext . street ( new york ) - day 45 a montage of sound -- as erica walk about the city , she digital sound recorder in she shoulder bag . the mayhem of Times Square morph into a subterranean screech , as erica hold she microphone to the grate . a overhead train echoes 'round a underpass , erica beneath , recording . the crack of handballs in a handball alley , erica outside the fence ... ext . erica's apartment build - early evening 46 erica be sit on the stoop , and the sound all blur into one as she fast play through they . she be smoking . josai walk up , head up the stair . erica move over to let she walk by . but instead , josai sit next to she . erica take a drag , then offer one to josai . josai give she a look . ( continued ) 46 a47 47 32 . continued : 46 josai you should not smoke , it will kill you . erica I do not care . josai look at she . josai there 's plenty of way to die . josai wait for a response from erica , and when there be none , rise -- josai but you have to figure out a way to live . now that 's hard . josai go inside . erica sit there , smoking . she watch -- a stray dog walk down the street , stay in the shadow . it could have be curtis . but it 's not . ext . sandy'' market - establishing shot - night a47 erica walk in . int . sandy'' market - night 47 erica be in the back aisle of a small market get bottled water from the refrigerator . she 's the only customer in the store . a young asian woman sit on a stool behind the cash register . a man , 30 , ( sandy ) wear a green flight jacket walk in . he look around the store for a couple second . he do not see erica who be obscure by the aisle . the woman ( ida ) respond immediately . asian woman when do you get out -- man so you will not let I see my kid ? ( continued ) 33 . 47 continued : 47 there be picture of two child , tape to the wall behind she . asian woman you can not be here -- court order -- man ( scream ) you will not let I see my fuck kid ? asian woman I be call 911 , Sandy -- now -- man if I can not see they you will not see they -- she reach for the phone . before she hand touch it , he pull a gun and shoot at she once -- blood spray the picture of the child -- she go down . on erica watch it on the curve security mirror mount on the ceiling . she be freeze in terror . man Fucking woman -- try see they now . he shoot she again and again . then reach over and grab handfuls of cash from the register . man my money , too -- on erica as she watch in utter horror . she break out in bead of sweat as she crouch lower to stay out of sight . on gunman the gunman stuff the money in he pocket , head for the back door . he 's almost out , but he hear a cell phone ringing from the back of the store . ( continued ) 47 48 34 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 on erica she pull the phone from she pocket and fumble to turn it off . too late . in the surveillance mirror she see the gunman head she way . she 's trap -- terrify . on gunman he round the corner -- and see something , distort by the display of bottle to he leave -- the muzzle of a kahr k - 9 . the last thing he ever see be a flash of FIRE from the barrel as erica pull the trigger , blowing the bottle apart . on erica as she fire twice more , blindly , bottle shatter . she listen to the silence then . peer 'round the shelf that divide they . see a spray of blood , hit a tomato can . below it , the gunman die , blood spout from a single shot to he jugular vein . and then , in a act more significant than she know , she pull it together : she lower the cocked hammer on she semi-automatic and put it back in she pocket . she survey the store -- see the surveillance camera point down at she . she look at the woman 's dead body behind the counter and realize she be beyond help . she reach in , eject the tape from the machine behind . she look at the blood on the sleeve of she coat , wipe some from she cheek , hurry out of the store . ext . STREET - night 48 erica move quickly down the street , not look back , then quickly glance over she shoulder as she turn the corner . a49 49 35 . ext . harlem STREET / under park ave . EL ( previously scene a49 60 ) gentrification have not reach this far -- not yet . erica , walk fast , almost maniacally , as if to get as far away as possible from what she have do . blonde , thin , she walk , and get look from whoever be leave on the street , " what the fuck be she do there ? " but they leave she alone , not even sure why , they just know enough to keep go . CUT to : int . late - night bar - night 49 mercer sit on he own in a late- night bar . a woman come through the entrance and towards he . jackie , a trial lawyer , well - dress and pretty . mercer you should not work this late . jackie have a client dinner . mercer Sea - Breeze , right ? she shake she head . jackie you say this be business , Sean . mercer it be . I need a favor from you . you hear about the murrow thing ? jackie yes . his wife kill herself . mercer woman never shoot themselves in the face . in my experience . jackie where do they shoot themselves ? in you experience ? mercer the heart . they eye meet . Jackie look down . ( continued ) 49 continued : mercer she be about to turn state 's evidence . Three year I be try to nail this asshole . instead of blow the lid on he , she blow she own lid off ? jackie you never let go , do you ? mercer no . jackie and you think it 's you fault . it 's kill you . mercer maybe . she shift uncomfortably . jackie so what can I do ? mercer her daughter might be able to tell I something , but he 's apply for custody . with the lawyer he can afford , he will get it , unless -- jackie he 's the father ? mercer stepfather . jackie and you want she make a ward of court ? mercer she know he do it . she might be next . he reach out to touch she hand . mercer I think maybe you could -- act on she behalf -- 36 . ( continued ) 49 49 continued : 37 . ( 2 ) 49 jackie Sean , I be you ex-wife . Conflict of interest and all that . and I do not do pro-bono . mercer you do once . jackie yeah , well , I grow up . she withdraw she hand . she look jackie look at yourself . the same old obsessive thing . the law , justice , the bad guy out there . sometimes they get away with it . you have to learn to let go . mercer do I ? jackie if you want a life . but I be kind of glad you ask to meet . mercer yeah , it 's nice to see you . jackie because I have something to tell you . at he . jackie I be pregnant . mercer I take that back . it 's not nice to see you . jackie you be fast . I miss that about you . he be devastate . but he cover it well . mercer so . you get there , huh ? ( continued ) 49 aso 38 . continued : ( 3 ) 49 jackie remember that little blue thing ? it go pink . mercer Blue and pink . I use to get they mix up . jackie well , pink be when you be pregnant . ( softly ) and now be when I want to have it . mercer smile , bleakly . jackie he 's happy about it , and so be I . I do not expect you to be over the moon , but I think you should know . he can not take it anymore . he stand . mercer Jackie -- he kiss she , on the cheek . gently . say goodbye . mercer see ? I do not lose it . I do not say I would break he face . I do not say I would like to throw you through that plate- glass window . jackie you never lose it -- mercer I be a cop . we investigate that shit . we do not do it . he go . int . police precinct - night a50 mercer enter , turn on the light . a lonely figure among the empty desk . a old tape machine there . he press the button . we hear a woman 's voice -- the voice of murrow 's dead wife . ( continued ) 39 . aso continued : a50 murrow' wife ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) I would tell you more , but I be afraid . I know the thing he do , I know where the blood money come from , but have you ever be afraid of you own house , you own bedroom , of the man you have to sleep beside ? when I get my daughter out of there , I will tell you thing . when I make she safe , I will tell you thing . until then , I be afraid of my own shadow . he take out she file , look at the dead woman 's photo . his ex - wife be right , it be kill he . mercer ( softly ) I be sorry . it be almost a relief when he cell phone ring . mercer mercer -- ( listen ) okay . I be on my way . 50 int . erica's live room - night 50 erica enter , lock the door behind she . she go to a cabinet , take out the first bottle she see , pour herself a glass . she take the gun and videotape out of she pocket , peel out of she coat . throw the tape in a drawer . she sit on the sofa , hand hang off she knee , a speck of blood riding she cheek -- 51 int . erica's bathroom - night 51 erica let the shower pound she body . thinner still than when we first see she , more desperate , and somehow , at least in this light , more powerful . 52 ext . sandy'' market - night 52 Police car , ambulance , and the coroner 's van be park on the street in front of the store , red light bounce off the glass . mercer pull up in he detective car . 53 40 . int . sandy'' market - night 53 a police photographer photograph the dead body behind the counter . several uniform stand around . mercer walk through the crowded interior , look , try to form a scene that make sense . mercer join vitale and kneel down beside the body . vitale ( enthusiastic ) hey , good to see you . mercer any i.d. yet ? vitale Sandy comb -- twenty -nine , rap sheet longer than my dick . mercer so , in other word , no prior . vitale the victim be a thirty - year - old vietnamese female -- ida ... hand mercer she i.d. mercer comb . so what do that tell we ? vitale they be marry ? see , I be way ahead of you . mercer one way to end it . he look from the woman 's body to the man' . vitale what 's wrong with divorce ? mercer everything . divorce suck . so , tell I -- vitale he shot she in the neck , torso and face . thirty -eight . then somebody smoke he . nine millimeter automatic . do not ask I who . ( continued ) 41 . 53 continued : 53 mercer look over at the cash strewn on the ground . mercer why do not they take the money ? vitale get scared ? vitale take a plastic bag out of he coat pocket . it contain three shell casing . vitale they pick this up -- look like there 's a partial print on one but it 's smudge . mercer do you check the surveillance tape ? vitale Machine 's empty -- that bug mercer . he go to the drawer under the machine -- find a tape -- stick one in -- it plays . mercer Machine 's work -- where 's the tape ? vitale shrug . mercer Three casing . he be only hit once . what do that tell you ? vitale crappy shooter . look at the body . the entry wound in the neck . mercer or. he would never shot a gun before . mercer study the entry point , and angle of entry of the bullet -- step back , look at the dead man , draw a imaginary trajectory in he mind and walk over to where erica be . 54 int . erica's apartment - night 54 erica , hair wet from the shower , be sit on the couch . ( continued ) 42 . 54 continued : 54 cigarette in one hand , gun in the other , fight tear of anguish . but she face , do not hide from , what she have do . sees herself in the market -- pulling the trigger . she get up , open a window for air -- feel the air on she skin , more afraid of what 's in she , but a lot less afraid of what 's outside -- CUT to : 55 int . mercer' apartment - night 55 mercer enter to a empty apartment . he walk in , pour himself a drink , pull open a drawer below the drink cabinet . a picture there , of himself and Jackie . and a wedding ring . erica ( v.o. ) it be astonish ... numb to find that there be inside you a stranger ... CUT to : 56 int . erica's apartment - later 56 erica be sit on the couch , a small tape machine in front of she , talk to it , as if she 's the only person in the world . erica ( v.o. ) one who have you hand , you eye , you leg ... a sleepless , restless stranger ... who keep walk , keep eat , keep live ... CUT to : 57 int . mercer' apartment - early a.m. 57 mercer , in bed , wide - awake in he quiet , empty apartment . he get up -- start get dress . ( continued ) 57 58 59 60 61 62 43 . continued : 57 the photo of he and Jackie be still by the drink cabinet . he shove it back in the drawer . int . erica's apartment - same time 58 erica be asleep on the couch . the dawn light stream through she window . Falls across she face , lighting it . but light be not what she crave , she open she eye , turn in to find the shadow . hold on her face she can not escape , she be alive , and it be hell . CUT to : omitted 59 60 int . erica's apartment - next morning 61 erica , in front of she tape machine . reading from scribble note . erica New York , like any metropolis , be a organism that change , mutate , building sprout like chromosome on the DNA of its street -- she reach for the pack of anti-depressant , then stop herself . she hit rewind on the tape machine , and as she word play back to she , go to the bathroom and empty the pill down the toilet . flushes it . then , on impulse , throw she cigarette pack in the trash can . CUT to : int . recording studio - carol' office - day 62 erica sit across from Carol Olsen . Carol be look at she with that very strong , very direct gaze of hers . ( continued ) 62 63 44 , continued : 62 erica I have two show ready to go . I have almost six in various stage , most be ready or close to ready . and I have ton of idea in my file . there 's a lot more stuff I want to do . new. better . ( push ) I know what I be do . you know that . I mean -- carol erica , you have be through so much . you need more time before you put yourself out there -- erica feel it slip away . erica do not make I beg . carol I be sorry . I do not mean to . but we have a public . I be not sure you be ready for it -- Carol 's make she decision -- a awkward moment as she wait for erica to accept it . erica you be say I can not work because of what happen to I . carol I be say you need time to heal . erica I need to keep live . and I do not want to disappear ... Carol look at she , that 's the truth . int . recording studio - hallway - on erica - later 63 as she walk down the corridor . some co- worker smile at she , some look away , some try to lock into she , to let she know they care -- erica 's expression do not change as she move down the hall . CUT to : 64 65 66 67 68 69 45 . omitted 64 int . recording studio - day 65 erica be in front of a soundboard and a mic . she look at she note . she look at the red light . take a sip of water and look back at it . int . mercer' car - same time 66 mercer be drive -- rap on the radio , he switch station -- alt rock , oldie -- classical , nkw ... erica ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) this be erica bain and I walk the city ... int . recording studio - continuous action 67 through she headphone we hear the montage of city sound she record earlier . look at the light again -- as she do , it turn yellow -- she shift she body . take another sip of water , as she do the light change from yellow to GREEN . time for she commentary , the end of she piece . she take a breath and begin . erica New York , like any metropolis be a organism that -- and she stop . CUT to : int . recording studio - carol' office - same time 68 Carol wait -- CUT to : int . SOUND desk - same time 69 the sound engineer , he head wrap in earphone . CUT to : 70 71 72 73 the brave one - Rev. 8/29/06 46 . int . recording studio - carol' office - continuous 70 action Silent -- dead air . Carol be angry . she know it . she press a button on the console in front of she . carol anything else we can cut to ? Music , pre-record , anything ? int . engineer' desk - same time 71 the engineer look up at erica , about to pull the plug -- engineer shit -- int . mercer' car - continuous action 72 he turn it up -- nothing . int . recording studio - close on erica - continuous 73 action just she , the mic , and the empty , dark room . she begin again . erica New York , like any metropolis ... and she stop again . then , she look down at she note , move they aside , lean into the mic . speak personally , straight from the heart . erica New York the safest big city in the world . it be horrible to fear the place you once love . to see a ( street ) corner you know so well and familiar step and be unable to climb they . her voice strong , intimate . erica I never understand how people live with fear . ( people who live with ( in ) fear ) she pause , consider the weight of the word . erica woman who be afraid to walk home alone ... a74 74 75 a76 b76 c76 the brave one - Rev. 8/29/06 47 . int . hospital room - day at4 the nurse that attend erica be attend another patient , the radio playing . she be about to say something , when he put finger to he lip . shh -- * erica ( v.o. ) people afraid of white powder in * they mailbox . darkness . and * night . people ... afraid of * people ... we be draw to it ... int . mercer' car - same time 74 so be he . erica ( v.o . ) I always believe that the fear * belong to other people . weaker people . int . recording studio - carol' office - same time 75 a frown cross Carol 's face -- this be not what she be expect . erica ( v.o . ) it never touch I . and then it do ... omitted a76 ext . midtown build - day b76 a man clean skyscraper window , high up , the city below he , with its million of life . a radio on the platform . erica ( v.o. ) and when it touch you , you know it 's be there all along . int . rich apartment - day c76 josai , clean the floor in a elegant apartment . a well - dress woman in the b.g. turn up the radio dial . erica 's voice fill the room . ( continued ) c76 d76 76 77 718 48 . continued : c76 erica ( v.o. ) wait , behind the surface of all the thing you love . ext . STREET / cemetery - day ( previously scene a76 ) d76 erica walk past the graffiti-scrawled wall of a cemetery . she walk through the entrance . erica ( v.o. ) you skin crawl , you heart aches , you look at the person that be once you , walk down that street ... ext . cemetery - day 76 erica in front of David 's grave -- coat , backpack -- erica ( v.o. ) and wonder will she ever be you again ... dissolve to : ext . cemetery - later 77 a full moon scatter light across the dark , empty cemetery . erica be still there , wait to feel something , but she feel nothing . erica ( v.o. ) talk to I ... int . subway car - night 78 erica on she way home from the cemetery ; erica ride the near-empty car , the ride soothing she . down the car , two guy in hoodies be sit opposite a student , listen to he ipod , give he grief . guy # 1 what sound you get there ? when the Student do not respond , he whip the ipod from he hand . student ( ethan ) hey ! ( continued ) 718 49 , continued : 78 guy # 1 do not anyone talk anymore ? I say what you listen to , faggot -- he smack the kid across the face . student ( ethan ) radiohead -- as the Student turn he face away from the blow , he eye meet erica 's . guy # 1 Radio . head . he yank the earphone from around he neck . a beard man interrupt . he have a boy sit beside he . father ( beard man ) why do not you leave he alone ? they both turn to look at this brave soul . the boy , nervous , edge closer to he father . the second guy plump down beside he . guy # 2 do you know you daddy suck cock ? he push the father 's head down , hold it there , pretend he 's give he a blow job . father you little shit -- the Father wrestle he head free , bring he hand up . but the guy have a knife out now , to he nose . guy # 2 good at it , too -- finally the train come to a stop . the man take the opportunity to grab he boy 's hand and head for the door . the Student follow , look back to see erica , sit calmly at the back . ( continued ) 718 the brave one - Rev. 8/29/06 50 . continued : ( 2 ) guy # 2 tell you mother I say , ' what 's up . ' on the door they close , train start . back to scene guy # 1 I get I a ipod . and the guy notice , at the back , the only one leave . guy # 2 ( o.s. ) oh shit . you be kid , right ? on erica sit at the far end of the car . guy # 1 ( o.s. ) na to to , ( yo , yo , yo ) I get this . he walk toward she , the other guy follow . guy # 2 ( o.s. ) bitch , be you crazy ? another angle and he move very close to she , flick she earbud out of she ear with he knife . guy # 1 ( soft ) you gonna give I some radiohead too ? you ever be fuck by a knife ? suddenly -- he be throw back , a mist of blood , as the bullet blow through he back . the other one lunge toward she , she fire again , he spin around and stagger toward the other end of the car . wound , he fall back against the door . his head slide to one side as he die , blood streaking the door . ( continued ) 718 the brave one - Rev. 8/29/06 50a . continued : ( 2a ) 78 the car slow , approach the next station . erica slide the pistol back in she recorder bag as the door open . the man 's torso slide onto the platform with the door , half in , half out of the subway car . she walk out . ( continued ) 718 719 80 81 82 51 . continued : ( 3 ) 78 behind she , the subway door slide close . the dead man 's body block they , stop the train . erica ( v.o. ) why do not my hand shake ... int . subway corridor - night 719 erica , walk rapidly up the stair , into a long , neon - light corridor . the camera swirl around she , as she try to quell she panic , then head for the nearest exit . erica ( v.o. ) how can I watch myself push through that turnstile and walk away ... ext . subway - night 80 erica emerge and walk into the night . int . mercer' office - night 81 mercer be at he desk , on he computer , work . vitale walk through , he cell phone in he hand . vitale they get two confirm shot , on a subway from Brooklyn , Church Street , lower Manhattan . everyone argue whose jurisdiction it be -- mercer think for a moment , then stand . mercer make it ours ? he make for the door . ext . street - night 82 erica , still walk . the sound of police siren wailing . she stop . ( continued ) + ee rf 82 83 a84 84 85 52 . continued : 82 close on her face lit by the flashing police light : a strange sense of blankness in she face . mix with the wailing of siren be the thump of music from a nearby bar . she abruptly turn , and walk into it . int . bar - night 83 loud music . a brash , dating crowd . erica push through a sea of men' face and walk down circular stair towards the restroom . int . bar restroom - night a84 erica push through the door and dry-retch into the sink . her face be now cover in bead of sweat . she run the tap and bathes she face in water . breathes deeply , look up at the stranger in the mirror . herself . erica hey , you ... on she face in the mirror . unnaturally calm , again . int . subway tunnel - night 84 bright police arc light blast the tunnel . Police be everywhere . int . subway car - night 85 the two body be right where they die . there be a whole raft of cop , fingerprint specialist , photographer , coroner , etc . mercer and vitale arrive at the scene . vitale Jesus ... angle on mercer he hold up a shell case on the tip of a pencil as vitale walk over . mercer a automatic . nine millimeter . like the other night . ( continued ) 85 53 . continued : 85 vitale so ? mercer check it against brass - catcher , see if it match . he give vitale the case , walk over to one of the body , crouch down , look at the tear the bullet make in the guy 's T-shirt , check the angle and level of entry . look at the ipod next to the guy , the album cover still on the screen -- radiohead , look at the dead guy 's clothes -- not a fit -- he turn the ipod over , see the serial number , bag it . vitale come over . mercer neither one rob . both have cash in they pocket . the coroner and a assistant start to bag the body of the man who die sit up . mercer hey , what be you do ? coroner ( attitude ) takin ' he to the morgue . mercer I will tell you when you can take he . coroner my shift be end , as it be I will be lucky if I have time for both body . so , how about you just let I do my job ? mercer ( impatient ) how about you do not do anything until I be do ? coroner how about , fuck you , asshole ? he start to bag the body ; mercer 's so shocked it take he a second to respond . just as he start for the guy , vitale put a arm out . ( continued ) 85 86 87 54 . continued : ( 2 ) 85 vitale not worth it , buddy . ( off the coroner ) he 's a roach . he will outlast you and everybody else . mercer calm himself . ext . bar - night 86 erica emerge , tense , nervous , from the bar . more light flash past she face , as tv truck and news crew arrive . she look at the subway entrance , see the gather crowd around it . she be pinion for a moment , draw to the scene , yet repulse by it . int . subway car - night 87 mercer walk over to the knife on the ground , the trail of blood across the floor . mercer they both have prior ? vitale a busload of they . mercer that guy at Sandy 's have prior , and be not rob . vitale that be domestic -- mercer yeah -- I do not know , there 's something . walk around , think . mercer none of the three be rob -- all three have prior -- he walk over and sit where erica sit . mercer small guy . sitting here . two punk come at he with a knife -- shoot the first one without even get out of he seat -- ( continued ) 87 88 89 a90 90 55 . continued : 87 vitale go on . mercer I do not know . maybe some asshole with a gun decide it 's time to take matter into he own hand , time for a little street justice . kind of guy you would not even notice . vitale damn -- if that 's true -- mercer he 's get better . every bullet hit home . ext . subway entrance - continuous action 88 the gather crowd , local tv truck arrive . yellow tape around the subway entrance . Police keep the crowd out ... and erica , finally , turn and walk back towards the scene . if anything or anyone be go to stop she , it will be there . everything about she be different -- she walk , the hunch of she shoulder , she 's thin , pale -- both expose and protect , damage and tough , a ghost and a new be all wrap up in one . omitted 89 int . corridor above platform - night a90 mercer follow erica 's path up the step , onto the nearest platform . he look leave and right . two exit . he head for the nearest one . ext . subway entrance - night 90 mercer emerge from the subway entrance . there 's still a crowd , and some media . a couple of reporter try to ask he question , he wave they off . as he turn away , he see a face he think he recognize . ( continued ) 90 56 . continued : 90 they catch eye for just a moment -- but it 's enough to make erica turn , walk away . mercer ( 0o.s. ) hey . hang on . she stop . panicked , suddenly . tries to quell it , she face turn away from he . she finally succeed , and turn to face he . mercer do not I know you -- * her eye , meeting he . will this be the moment that make she stop ? erica do not think we have ever meet . on he face . try to place she . and she have to fill in the silence . mercer * no , wait . I know you . what 's * you name ? * erica erica bain . I -- ah -- do a radio show . he place she now . the hospital . * mercer * what be you do here ? * she be stick . but she cover well . * erica if you would consider -- be on the * show -- * mercer we be not really ready to talk to ... the media ... erica I be not that kind of media . my * audience be ... ( gesture with she finger ) tiny ... mercer yeah ? ( continued ) 90 91 57 . continued : ( 2 ) 90 erica I try to give a different slant ... storey ... of the city . but look , if you be not into it -- mercer my life be not that interesting . erica the work you do be . mercer no thanks . she nod , turn away , walk through the crowd , and out of sight . CUT to : int . mercer' office - day 91 mercer at he desk . he be check on he computer , and we see the name erica bain . stuff on she case come up . vitale enter , read the New York Post . he pour himself coffee . vitale any more shithead die while we be sleep ? mercer not that I know of . vitale crappy coffee -- mercer nod . there be a pile of message on he desk , most from reporter . vitale toss the Post on the desk , headline blaring : vigilante ??? mercer ( off newspaper ) how the hell do that get out already ? vitale who know ? the coroner hate you , all the technician , and fuck people , who know ? mercer shake he head . ( continued ) 91 continued : sometimes 58. 91 mercer ( then ) you ever listen to nkw ? vitale ( no clue ) huh ? mercer remember that girl and she boyfriend who get jack in Central Park a couple month ago ? vitale which one ? the guy be thick . mercer anyway -- she have a radio show . she show up at the subway -- guess who she want to interview ? mercer nod . vitale you ? vitale remember that bernie goetz thing -- the guy say reporter be call in the middle of the night . Reporters love this shit . mercer ( pause ) she 's not a reporter . vitale what be she then , a dj ? mercer no . she 's just ... interesting . vitale like that Fox news chick with the dyed blonde hair ? talk to she -- give she my number -- mercer pick up the ipod from the night before , seal in a plastic bag . ( continued ) 91 92 continued : ( 2 ) mercer I want everyone in the market that night , on the subway , on the street outside bring in . someone must have see he . vitale I be onto it -- mercer check the registration on this . see if you can trace it to the owner . int . recording studio - corridor - later erica be walk back in from the kitchen area , wait for she . carol you have be avoid I . erica no I have not . carol yes . you have be avoid the full glare of my disapproval -- erica look , I try to do my regular show -- but it just be not in I . carol we do not normally do silence on nkw . you manage a full two minute . erica yeah . well . I recover . carol recovery . that 's what it be . either that or confessional heal . erica I would not call it that . carol what would you call it ? therapy on air ? 59 . 91 92 Carol be ( continued ) 92 93 60 . continued : 92 erica clam up . carol I never imagine a radio show could double as a psychiatrist 's couch . but ... Carol hand erica a stack of email -- erica do not take they , Carol put they on she desk -- carol people be respond . I be wrong . she smile , tensely . carol and I be big enough to admit it . keep it up . Carol leave . CUT to : ext . recording studio - later 93 erica be leave the building . a blue sedan be park at the curb . as erica pass , mercer jump out , walk up to she . she look at he , quickly glance down at he gun , he handcuffs . look around , instinctively want to run -- he put on he jacket , cover the gun . erica you again . mercer yeah . me. remember last night ? she stop dead . almost wait for he to cuff she . erica what about last night ? mercer ( uncomfortable ) well , I know who you be , I mean , I recognize you . and I do not say anything and I should have . ( continued ) 93 continued : 61 . she breathes again . 93 erica what ? mercer I see you in the hospital -- after what happen to you and you friend -- erica my friend ?... yeah . mercer I stop by you room because I recognize you name -- my wife use to listen to you show -- and that 's why I stop you at the subway , and I want you to know that . erica thank you . mercer it be upsetting . you be -- go . it 's kind of strange to see someone that ... can not see you . and now you be back . erica yes . now I be back . mercer well . not everyone make it back . erica ( quietly ) I know that . he read she upset . deal with it well . mercer yes . I know you know that . I check into you case . erica you do ? mercer two of the best detective in this city be on it . we will find they . we always do . ( continued ) 62 . 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 erica be the police always that confident ? mercer be you interview I ? erica eh ... she be stick now . but some part of she be intrigue . erica try ... he smile . he assume he can not get out of it . mercer how long will it take ? CUT to : 94 int . cafe - later 94 the strange emptiness of a cafe in mid-morn . a large screen tv be on in the b.g. with the SOUND off . mercer and erica sit at a table , across from each other . erica have you ever do a interview before ? mercer not on this side of the table . erica it 's pretty basic . I ask question , you decide if you want to answer they . he crack a smile -- take a sip of he coffee , look at she , wait while she tie she hair back with a band . erica it 's not about I , it 's about you . so -- turn she tape recorder on -- erica what do you look for when you first get to a crime scene ? ( continued ) 94 continued : 63. 94 mercer evidence . she smile . he be beyond laconic . she hide beat . erica such as -- mercer murder weapon , entry wound , print , carbon fragment , DNA sample , position of the corpse . it 's amazing what a dead body can tell you . erica so the dead do talk . she emotion . but he notice . mercer everybody talk . and almost everybody lie . but a dead body can not . ( pause ) but then the lie can tell you thing as well . people tell they for a reason . erica so ... that body last night ? * what be they tell you ? * mercer you read the paper . erica should I believe what I read * there ? * but mercer 's attention be draw to the tv . on tv : murrow , the man from the hospital , be get out of a car , he arm around he frighten stepdaughter . he tighten he hold on the girl as they head past a crowd of reporter and into a apartment building . erica watch mercer , he shake he head , disgust . mercer ever read about he ? * ( continued ) 94 continued : 64 . ( 2 ) 94 erica ( off tv ) why do I know he ? mercer he own the parking out on Roosevelt Island . but that 's not * all he do . * erica * what else do he do ? * mercer * import drug , gun , people , * whatever 's in demand . I find three guy that cross he superglue to a table , they throat fill with expand cement . I have he wife almost ready to testify , when she blow she brain out . gun in she hand . nothing add up , except the lawyer he hire . now he 's get custody of he stepdaughter and it 's not for sentimental reason . * he know she know something and I * do not want to think about what he will do to she . but maybe you know he nicer side ... erica so why can not you nail he ? mercer because I follow the law . erica and there 's nothing you can do ? mercer nothing that 's legal . he have say too much , and realize it . he hold he hand over the microphone . she roll mercer I do not say that . erica I do not hear it . back the tape . hear she last question . ( continued ) 94 continued : 65 . ( 3 ) 94 erica ( v.o. ) ( on tape ) and there 's nothing you can do ? she press record . beat . mercer no. nothing . no matter how bad I feel about it . I ask for she to be hold as ward of court . but he lawyer kill that one stone dead . erica so there 's a line you would never cross . mercer me? never . no matter how bad I feel about it . erica have you ever shot anyone ? mercer yes . erica do you hand shake ? mercer no . that 's one of the benefit of be on the right side . a benefit -- ( off the tv ) -- that that asshole and the subway shooter do not have . erica ( pause ) do you really think they be the same ? mercer they both walk away from murder . ( then ) let I ask you a question -- how do you put it back together , after what happen to you ? erica you do not put it together . ( continued ) 94 66 . continued : ( 4 ) 94 mercer I be sorry . that come out wrong . erica no . it 's a question . I suppose you ... become someone else ... mercer who do you become ? erica a stranger . he can read she emotion . mercer you must have love he very much . erica yes. mercer and that make it harder . sometimes you wish you do not ... he be talk about himself . he reach for he absent ring . she notice that . erica you be not marry ? mercer my ex - wife 's have a baby with another man . so I would pretty much say , yes . I be not marry . they have both reveal a bit too much . mercer so . more cop stuff , or be we do ? erica I be good . she turn off the tape . and suddenly he seem almost disappointed . he gesture for the check . she stop he hand . erica it 's mine . I be interview you , right ? he look at she hand . he take out he card . ( continued ) 94 95 a96 96 67 . continued : ( 5 ) 94 mercer if you ever need anything , on you case . call I . any time . erica I have to warn you . I do not sleep . mercer I neither . and he go . int . police station - mercer' office - later 95 mercer be at he desk work , on the telephone . mercer erica bain . yeah , Central Park , a month or so ago . keep I post , would you ? we see on he desk -- erica's case file -- a printout , now -- cop ' note , time and date of the attack , evidence list , picture . CUT to : ext . street ( new york ) - night a96 erica walk , unable to sleep . she pass homeless man sleep on the pavement . a rundown sro hotel where a pimp talk to a young prostitute . she notice everything , but do not stop . ext . central park - stranger gate - night 96 erica , still walk . she come to the step of the path she and David take that night . she notice the sign by the entrance , as if for the first time . " stranger gate . " she can not bring herself to enter . in the dark , blonde hair stand out against she dark coat , she wait . erica ( v.o. ) have you ever shot anyone ? +e eh 68 . 97 int . recording studio - day erica in front of the mic , headphone on , darken room . hear through she headphone pre-recorded bit . mercer ( v.o. ) yes . erica ( v.o. ) do you hand shake ? 98 ext . upper east side condominium block - same time mercer , park across from a gleam glass and steel entrance . a doorman by the door . his car radio be on . mercer ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) no . that 's one of the benefit of be on the right side . 99 int . recording studio - later Light turn to GREEN -- erica lean in to the mic . erica ( into mic ) that from a police detective cover last night 's subway shoot ... 100 ext . upper east side condominium block - same time murrow , walk towards the doorman , hold he stepdaughter 's hand . she be dress in a smart school uniform . erica ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) like all good cop , he believe in the law , in right and wrong ... the thin , fragile line between they ..... mercer watch they enter , as he listen to erica . erica ( v.o. ) and be probably wonder as I speak ... CUT to : 97 98 * 99 100 * 101 the brave one - Rev. 8/4/06 69 . ext . STREET - night 101 erica , walk the night off . erica ( v.o. ) why be somebody do he job for he ? she pass a car , by a underpass and hear a voice come from it . cutler hey -- she stop , turn . see a guy sit in the car , who be make the wrong presumption about she . erica hello ? cutler what 's up ? erica not much . cutler so , what would fifty dollar do for you ? erica hesitates . be about to walk on . then see a young girl in the back seat . erica should not she be at home ? cutler she get no home . have you , honey ? the girl shake she head . tries a smile . erica assess the situation . erica where ? cutler get in . he open the door of the passenger seat . after a moment , erica get in . a102 the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 int . car - night erica look from the man to the young girl . 70 . thin , lose , a street waif . there be hamburger and candy wrapping all over the seat beside she . the sense in there be incredibly sinister . erica what 's you name , honey ? chloe ( young girl ) Chloe . erica so what 's he get in mind , Chloe ? Chloe look at she with eye that have have beat out of they . then the guy speak . cutler Little whore need a mommy . you mommy ? erica slowly shake she head . and he go fuelle rant . cutler but you be a whore , right ? I be collect whore . they suicide bomber in Iraq get a bunch of virgin when they go off . I be get I a bunch of whore . erica you know , I think I and Chloe will take a walk . the spark into a drug - she go to open the door . Quick as a flash , the man hit the door button . cutler nope . cunt can not leave . he snort from a baggie . erica take a breath . look back at the girl . she can now see bruise and cigarette burn on she arm . Chloe speak , drowsily . chloe never get in the car ... erica how long have you be in it , Chloe ? ( continued ) a102 the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 71 . a102 continued : a102 chloe * four or five day . since Vegas . erica and you want to get out now ? chloe * yes , please ... and he suddenly backhand she across the face . cutler you give I grief again ? and he stop . erica have the gun to he temple . cutler oh my . get a supercunt here . erica open the door . cutler if I do not ? erica I will be the last cunt you ever see . Chloe giggle , drowsily . * chloe * that 's good ... he open the door . erica out of the car , Chloe -- * chloe * not until he pay I -- erica pay the girl . he reach for he pocket . erica easy ... he pull some bill off a large roll . erica give she it all -- ( continued ) the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 72 . a102 continued : ( 2 ) a102 with the gun to he head , he have no option . hand she the huge roll . Chloe giggle . chloe there you go , sicko -- Chloe leave the car . erica get out of she door . Chloe be unsteady on she leg . erica hold she arm , lead she away from the car . erica you get family there , Chloe ? in Las Vegas ? chloe no . go there from albuquerque . erica you get enough money to get home ? and suddenly we hear the screeching of tire . the car be drive towards they , fast . Chloe duck one way . erica stand , as the car dive straight towards she and shoot . once , twice , three time . the man 's blood be spatter all over the windscreen and the car slew sideways . Hit Chloe , who go bounce over the roof . the car hit a metal post and come to a dead halt . erica run over to Chloe . she be alive , but she leg be break . erica I be sorry . Chloe look up at she , stunne , in shock , out of it , all at once . chloe where be I , huh ? this be still America ? erica you leg be break . chloe and who the hell be you ? erica I be nobody . Chloe look at erica through stunne eye , which slowly close . erica slap she awake . ( continued ) a102 102 the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 73 . continued : ( 3 ) erica stay awake , come on -- Chloe 's eye open once more . she raise a woozy hand and softly slap erica back . chloe hey , nobody , let I sleep ... on erica as the police siren sound ... same scene - later Chloe 's sleep face , on the ground . a hand slap she awake again . a policeman 's hand . a light shine in she eye , as she wake . Police all over the scene . a crowd , gather , look . behind the crowd , in the shadow -- erica . she know the young girl be safe . as Chloe be lead towards a ambulance , she walk away . ext . erica's apartment build - later erica walk home , wire , tense . she get to the entrance . josai be on the stoop , sit out the night heat . josai be you walk out the heat ? erica ascend the step . as she do , josai take she hand . josai be you alright ? you hand be cold as ice . she look at erica 's face -- erica turn away . josai you lipstick be smudge , erica . she reach out to erica 's face . a spot of blood there , from Chloe 's hand . ( continued ) a102 102 102 103 104 105 the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 continued : erica you never say my name before . josai never need to . I hear you show . right and wrong , huh ? CUT to : omitted int . police station - day a PRESS conference be about to start . the chief of detective , and mercer stand behind the podium . reporter and tv crews jostle for position . the Chief of detective step to the podium . chief look , I have see all the headline , I have hear the talk and I have call this press - conference to state that this be not back to the bad old eighty , bernie goetz , whatever . ( more ) ( continued ) 73a/74. 102 103 104 105 105 continued : 75 . chief ( cont 'd ) we want to stop this feed frenzy and brief you , as far as we can , with what we know . detective Sean mercer be the lead detective on this case . he step away , mercer move to the podium . mercer ballistic test have link the shoot last night to both the shoot in the market and the shoot on the subway . and the feed frenzy begin , in a ad - lib flurry of question : " how be that determine ? " " what evidence ? " " link by what ? " mercer point to the first person he see . reporter be the same gun use in all three shooting ? we see before mercer , erica , in the back of the crowd , listen . mercer that seem to be the case . stay on erica -- on erica , another reporter be it confirm that the vigilante save the girl 's life ? mercer we do not know that she life be in danger . and if you be imply that the crime be somehow justified , I will remind you that we have a legal system . listen . mercer we be treat this as we would any murder case and so should you . ( continued ) 105 105 106 76 . continued : ( 2 ) 105 fat reporter source be say the witness can provide a description of the vigilante , but have refuse to talk . erica catch mercer 's eye . he acknowledge she with the briefest of nod . mercer sorry , what ? fat reporter have the witness refuse to provide a description -- mercer ( quick ) the witness be awake and coherent and we will be interview she soon -- Chief -- chief that 's all the information we be prepare to release at this time . int . PRESS conference room - hallway - continuous 106 action erica , walk away from the station . mercer 's hand take she elbow from behind . mercer hey -- erica you handle that well . mercer look at she hard . mercer be this guy a obsession with you ? erica no . my interest be in you . mercer why I ? erica because . you seem like a good man . a good cop . ( continued ) 106 77 . continued : 106 he be touch , despite himself . mercer nobody 's do my job for I . a tell moment . erica so ... you hear my show ? he gesture back towards the building . mercer every piece of shit reporter in that press conference will sensationalize this thing . not you . you be better than that . erica how can you tell ? mercer you show . my wife do not listen to it . I do . erica smile . he look kind of sheepish . erica you do not really fit we audience profile . mercer I know . you do not fit you voice either . eric no? mercer you be at least a hundred pound lighter -- and a whole lot cuter -- he make she smile . erica how be the girl ? mercer pretty bang up . we will know tomorrow . erica I hope she 's alright . ( continued ) 106 107 78. continued : ( 2 ) 106 and she turn suddenly and go . CUT to : int . recording studio - build lobby - day 107 erica , in the crowded elevator . as the door be about to close , Carol slip in . carol hi. erica nod , smile . as the elevator rise , one guy be read the New York Post , another the New York Times . man # 1 you see that picture of the subway thing ? man # 3 Gross -- man # 1 he shot another last night -- man # 2 some scumbag pimp -- man # 3 who will he go for next ? Donald trump ? man # 1 that 's incitement -- man # 2 justify -- man # 3 wish he would take care of my ex -- another woman get annoyed . woman # 1 you think that 's funny ? suppose you think lethal injection be funny too ? man # 3 funny like strange or funny haha ? ( continued ) 79 . 107 continued : 107 woman # 1 you be sick , you know that ? you be all sick . the door open and they walk out , argue . carol I have be think about open up you show . I want you to take phone -in . erica on what ? carol you hear they . erica on that shooting ? the ... vigilante thing ? you really think that 's appropriate ? carol why not ? erica I ??? carol you be perfect for it . erica take a breath . erica and just how be I prefect for it ? carol you be a survivor . she smile brightly at she . carol I be not ask you to personalize it -- erica be not you ? carol -- more than you already have -- 108 int . recording studio - close on erica - day 108 the darkened room , the GREEN light . ( continued ) 108 the brave one - Rev. 8/4/06 80 . continued : 108 silence -- erica ' the essential american soul be * hard , isolate , stoic , anda * killer . it have never yet melt . ' * she take a breath . take a drink . then proceed , though she do not want to . erica I quote that from d.h. lawrence , * because someone be play God out there , kill in the name of * justice , in this , the safest city in the world ... she look up at the glass booth , see Carol there ... erica and because I have be ask today to do something we have never do before -- take call from we listener on the subject -- she nod to the sound engineer . erica this be a new departure for we , but we want to hear from you , so call 212-165-9990 . * but erica 's board be already lighting up -- she hit a button , take the first call . erica hi , go on -- caller # 1 ( v.o . ) as far as I be concerned he 's do we a favor . erica why ? caller # 1 ( v.o. ) because no matter what the media tell we , crime be be commit . he 's clean it up . erica and ... you think he have the right to do that ? a109 109 a110 81 . ext . traffic jam - day a109 Cars , stick in traffic . the camera track past a kid listen to hip -hop , to a older man in the car behind , listen to she show . caller # 2 ( v.o. ) you be talk about murder . the death penalty without a trial . the vigilante be just like the people he 's kill -- and he should be in jail -- erica ( v.o. ) maybe he will be -- camera keep tracking , find a yuppiesh woman , also listen . caller # 3 ( v.o. ) I think it 's less about what he 's do than how it make we feel . I mean , there be not a person I know who do not get some jolt of pleasure when they hear about a vigilante . erica ( v.o. ) pleasure ? and the camera keep tracking , past a taxi driver talk on he phone in Russian , to two college kid , also listen to she show ... caller # 3 ( v.o. ) yeah , revenge make people feel good -- I mean , that 's why we have war -- the camera keep tracking , find mercer , stick in the same jam , also listen . another caller on the line now -- caller # 4 ( v.o. ) I think it 's good for New York . this city be turn into disneyland , at least we be get we street cre back -- omitted 109 int . gallery - day a110 Nicole in the corner of the gallery , do paperwork , also listen to she show . ( continued ) a110 110 82. continued : a sincere , upset woman on the line now . caller # 5 ( v.o. ) what be wrong with we society , that this kind of thing can even get on radio ? revenge , murder , vigilante killing ? have not the whole iraqi debacle teach we anything ? waste the bad guy , bring them on , I mean I have be a fan of yours and I can not even believe you be have this conversation ... erica ( v.o. ) ( softly ) neither can I ... CUT to : int . recording studio - on erica - continuous action into another call -- caller # 6 ( v.o. ) I wonder if the vigilante have a girlfriend . because there be something really sexy about some guy , you know , take care of business -- erica sexy ? caller # 6 ( v.o. ) yeah . completely . and if he 's listen , he can call I . my number be -- erica end the call . look at the blinking light , take another call . caller # 7 ( v.o. ) ( male ) hey -- this be the vigilante call , I be the man take care of business -- and that chick can have my number anytime -- 212 - 654 ... and finally erica can not take it anymore . stands , walk out of the room . ( continued ) a110 110 110 111 continued : on carol who begin to stride rapidly towards she . int . recording studio - corridor erica try to make it out of the building . catch she arm . carol just what be you do ? erica you want someone to do that shit , call Howard stern . carol you be a personality now , erica , whether you like it or not . you will not lose that audience for we -- erica that 's not a audience , that 's a psychosis . I have enough of that to deal with myself . carol you want someone to talk you through it ? I can get someone -- erica on air ? carol actually that 's not a bad idea -- erica I could probably manage a full - blow breakdown . just give I some notice -- carol you do not get it , do you ? you psychotherapy on air , you fm confessional or whatever the fuck you want to call it have get you more exposure than you have ever have . 83. 110 111 Carol ( continued ) 111 112 84 . continued : 111 erica I could do beauty tip for assault victim . one on one with serial killer . her ice cold fury stop Carol in she track . carol you be be facetious . erica no , Carol , I be fuck up . I be one of the walk wounded . so maybe you be right . it be not time . I should never have come back -- and she walk out . int . police station - day 112 the same police station erica first call . she enter , look at the police business fill the lobby area . walk in deliberately , up to the cop on the desk . erica I want to talk about ... a homicide case . desk cop name ? erica erica bain . he hit a few button on he computer . desk cop she be the victim ? erica no . she be not the victim . she be the ... she be the ... and for a moment we think she might be about to turn herself in . desk cop no erica bain under homicide , ma'am . ( continued ) 112 113 114 115 85 . continued : 112 erica no? well . maybe there should be -- desk cop pardon I ? he look up , puzzle , but she be already head for the door . omitted 113 ext . central park - stranger gate - night 114 erica by the stranger Gate entrance . the step seem to mock she . erica ( v.o. ) because I could not stop for death . he kindly stop for I . she can not go up there . she turn away , walk quickly on . erica ( v.o. ) the carriage hold but just ourselves . and immortality . across the road Beyond the stream of traffic , we see Nicole , try to get she attention . nicole erica -- nicole's Pov erica , unaware of she , lose among the car . int . roosevelt island - parking lot - later 115 erica be sit inside the glass and steel dome of the ground floor of a parking lot , which look out on the river . next to she be a copy of the New York Post , in the box a picture of murrow , the stepfather , and he daughter . she hit a button on she mobile and listen to the ringing tone . 86 . 116 int . mercer' apartment - same time 116 mercer 's cell phone be echoing in the near-empty apartment . he pick it up . 117 int . parking lot - same time 117 mercer ( v.o. ) hello . recognize she voice right away . erica it 's erica -- intercut with : 118 int . mercer' apartment 118 mercer I know . be everything okay ? erica I just want to talk -- and for some reason you seem to make the most sense . mercer okay . it 's quiet -- connection in they silence . mercer what ? she shake she head , as if he can see she . erica what do you do when you can not sleep ? mercer nothing . erica be not that hard ? can you stop think about stuff ? mercer no. I be use to it . ( continued ) 118 a119 87 . continued : 118 erica look up , out at the dark river walkway , the loom rusted structure of a Bridge above it . a man be walk along the river walk , towards the parking lot . we recognize he . murrow , the stepfather . mercer erica -- do not say anything , just listen to he voice . mercer what 's go on ? ( quiet ) talk to I . erica do you sleep better when you wife be next to you ? silence . he shake he head -- erica I do . I could never feel my body unless he be wrap around I . mercer my wife use to flip . I would call she the mackerel . but waking beside someone like that be not ... the worst ... below , murrow walk towards the elevator . he press the button , and the elevator respond with a loud " ping " sound . int . mercer' apartment - same time al19 mercer hear the " ping " sound . mercer ( half -kidd ) you want I to stay on the phone until you fall asleep ? she shake she head . erica you have be good to I . good night . she close the cell phone . she walk to the elevator , on she level . press the button . it ping again . and as it ascend towards she , it ping at each floor . then the door open . and there he be . she enter , without give he a glance . 119 120 88 . int . elevator - night 119 murrow stare at the elevator dial , which make the same pinging sound as it hit every floor . he glance briefly at erica . then he cell phone ring . murrow yeah -- how late ? look , you tell I it would be there , so it better be there . he close he cell phone . erica glance down at he foot . he shoe -- immaculately polished , hand tailore . the elevator door open , at the top floor . ext . parking lot roof - night 120 the rusting bridge , gleam over the water , old factory across the way . a few car still park on the open rooftop . murrow walk out of the elevator . after a beat , erica follow . as murrow reach he car door , she speak , from behind he . erica why do you think you can hurt people ? murrow what ? he turn . erica can you do damage and just walk away ? do you know what you leave behind ? she look quite crazy from murrow 's point of view . he turn away . erica hey -- I be ask you -- murrow ( irritate ) do I know you ? erica do you think about it ? ( more ) ( continued ) 120 89 . continued : 120 erica ( cont 'd ) do it keep you awake at night -- do it haunt you ? murrow Excuse I ? erica it haunt I -- murrow you one of that press , paparazzo freak ? she have she hand beneath she jacket , about to take out she gun . he take a crowbar from the car and suddenly turn on she . murrow you get a camera there , huh ? yeah , well I have something for you . he lunge at she with the crowbar . erica bring she hand up to protect she face . the crowbar slice through she jacket , open she skin . she stagger backwards . murrow take my fuck picture ? come to my place , take my picture ? he bring the crowbar down towards she again . she twist she body , to avoid it and find herself face - to- face with he . she suddenly slam she forehead into the bridge of he nose . he stagger back , drop the crowbar , he nose explode with blood . murrow what the fuck -- be you a cop ? erica bend down to pick up the crowbar . erica you wish ... on he face as she swing down the crowbar -- 121 90 . ext . roosevelt island - base of car park - night 121 mercer , stare stunne at something on the ground . mercer Jesus h Christ -- he Pov the body of murrow , fall from the car park above . his body be wreck , a bloody crowbar part of the wreckage . another angle uniform around . vitale with they . vitale fell from up there . mercer follow he gaze , to the top of the apartment lot . vitale Cause of death , maybe the fall , maybe the crowbar stick in he skull . I would say fifty - fifty , * either one . mercer shit . off the body , the blood , the guy 's head smashed in . vitale I mean , how many people want this prick dead ? besides I ? mercer too many . but he know they all . he would never have let they near he . he look up at the parapet again , down at the body , at the bloody crowbar . he reach a glove hand out and touch the corpse . vitale * so someone do we a favor , huh ? * maybe we should put they on the * payroll ... * mercer * you mean someone out there , think * he 's do we job for we ? * send we a message ? here 's how * it 's do ? * ( continued ) 91 . 121 continued : 121 vitale you think maybe he 's right ? mercer no . you do not either . the press circus be arrive , in the b.g. mercer you deal with they . I wanna check the roof . mercer stand . he have a terrible feel about this . a122 int . parking lot a122 mercer , by the elevator . he hit the button , to take he upstairs . and the button sound -- " ping . " he register it . he have hear that somewhere before . on he face as the elevator make the SOUND once more . 122 omitted 122 123 int . stair outside erica's apartment - later 123 erica outside she door , try to work the key with she good arm . as she finally get the door open , josai come down from upstairs . josai erica ? be you okay ? 124 int . erica's apartment - continuous action 124 the door open and erica collapse on the floor . as josai push through from outside , erica try to stop the door with she foot . erica get out -- josai my god -- ( continued ) 124 92 . continued : 124 she see erica on the ground , she shirt cover in blood . erica scream . erica get away -- josai no . I will not get away . she try to lift erica off the floor . erica do not touch I -- I be sick -- erica 's too weak to resist she . as josai drag she to the table , the gun fall on the floor . josai I can see that -- and finally erica crack . shudder of weep go through she , as josai hold she , try to calm she . josai hush now . hush . as the shudder subside -- josai we have to get you to a hospital . erica no. josai why not ? erica because I can not . josai what kind of trouble be you in ? erica you do not want to know . josai let this sit . josai okay then . take you coat off -- erica allow josai to remove she coat . ( continued ) 124 93. continued : ( 2 ) 124 josai and you shirt . josai look at she bloody arm . josai sit still a minute . she go to the bathroom , bring back alcohol , bandage , tape . erica wince as josai apply alcohol to the wound . erica ( off josai 's steady hand ) be you a nurse ? josai when I have to be . she thread the needle , plunge it through erica 's skin , quickly , efficiently . erica slump into a chair from the pain . josai cut the thread with she tooth . josai this be go to leave a scar . erica I kill a man tonight . josai because he do this to you ? erica no . I would have kill he anyway . josai look at the gun on the floor . josai back home -- they give young boy gun , make they kill they parent . just to show we . anyone can cross that line . anyone can be a killer . anyone can have that dead eye . and each death leave a hole , wait to be fill . erica how -- how do you fill it ? ( continued ) 124 125 94 . continued : ( 3 ) 124 josai that depend on you . she look back down at the gun , lie on the floor , like a question mark . CUT to : ext . police station - morning 125 mercer , trail by vitale , walk through . mercer do the coroner get he liver temperature ? vitale Dead about two hour when we get there . mercer that put it at -- vitale 2 a.m. give or take -- on mercer it be all add up to something he do not want to contemplate . mercer I want everyone from the market kill , the subway bring in again . vitale we have do all that . mercer we get to do it again . we need to think outside the box here . vitale naile he with that crowbar , heft he over that rail , we be not talk about a little guy anymore -- mercer maybe not . ( continued ) 125 126 a127 95 . continued : 125 he keep he suspicion to himself . mercer what about that ipod ? you say you trace it to a kid ? vitale his father 's a lawyer , ask for a subpoena . I be onto it . mercer whatever you have to do , just get he in here -- int . car ( outside police station ) - day 126 mercer in he car . he scroll down the number in he cell phone to find erica 's . mercer ( when she answer ) just want to know how you sleep . erica ( v.o. ) pretty well . mercer look -- you want to see what I do ? meet I outside woodhull Hospital . you will get some idea -- ext . university square - day al27 ethan , the ipod student from the subway train , smoke a joint with some friend . vitale , watch he from he car . he get out , close the door , walk towards the bench on which they be sit . ethan , see he come , quench the joint . flick it away . vitale ethan grant -- he display he badge . he eyeball the other kid , and they scatter . vitale we need to talk some more -- ( continued ) a127 127 through 131 132 96 . continued : a127 ethan I tell you , my dad say not to get involved -- vitale bend down , take the quench joint from the grass . vitale do you dad know how much dope you smoke ? that 's more than a misdemeanor this day -- ethan I see nothing -- vitale I think you do . he sniff the joint . vitale you sell this shit ? ethan no -- vitale I believe you . maybe a judge will not . he grab he by the arm . vitale come on -- omitted 127 through 131 ext . woodhull hospital - day 132 erica , walk towards the hospital entrance . she wear a jacket to cover she damage arm , in spite of the heat , which make she stand out among the passersby . she see mercer 's car and slow she approach . mercer , look at erica through he rearview mirror . he get out . mercer Nice jacket . ( continued ) 132 97 . continued : 132 erica think it might rain -- mercer so , what time do you get to sleep ? erica oh . soon after we hang up . mercer one-thirty ? two ? erica something like that . he look at she long enough to make she feel uncomfortable . mercer I , I do not sleep at all . ( take she arm ) now , all of this be off the record , okay ? erica okay ... if I know what it be . mercer Witness to a shoot . she stop a moment . cover she alarm . erica be not this against procedure ? mercer yes . he wait for she response . there be none . mercer I have see she twice . seem scared to talk . same old story . maybe she will talk if you be there . erica why I ? mercer you get I to talk . she have no choice , which be exactly how he want it . CUT to : 133 134 the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 98 . int . woodhull - corridor - day erica and mercer head down a hallway toward a uniformed cop who sit in a chair in front of a room . int . woodhull - hospital room - day Chloe there , she leg in a cast . she 's medicate , a iv hang from a stand next to the bed . mercer stand next to the bed , erica just behind he . Chloe open she eye . it take only a second for she glaze eye to lock onto erica . mercer how you do today ? chloe alright ... she look at erica . back at mercer . mercer so maybe you can talk now ? tell I what you remember . a slight smile play around she lip . mercer you gonna tell we what you see that night ? Chloe raise she finger and point at erica . it 's like be in the sight of a gun . mercer look from Chloe to erica . mercer be you try to say something ? chloe that 's -- on she hand , still point . mercer what ? chloe that 's a pretty necklace . erica take it from she neck and place it in she hand . wrap she own hand around Chloe 's . ( continued ) 133 134 134 135 the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 99 . continued : 134 erica you should tell he , you know . whatever you see . Chloe look from erica to mercer . chloe I see one of that ... guardian angel . like in the bible . mercer you do , huh ? chloe yeah . they save you ... bring you to a better place ... she turn away to the wall , shutting they both off . int . woodhull - hallway - continuous action 135 mercer walk back with erica , glance at she , casual and intense . mercer do that upset you ? erica of course . she walk in silence for a moment . erica I be not much help there , be I ? mercer depend on what you mean by help . she stop . be this a direct accusation ? then he cover it . mercer you ... give she you necklace . erica it mean a lot to I . erica give a tense smile , walk on . mercer erica ? she turn . ( continued ) 135 136 100 . continued : 135 mercer * why do you call I last night ? * erica * I tell you . I could not sleep . * mercer * so you be in bed , right ? * eric * that 's where I sleep . * mercer watch she walk away -- she body , the way she move , try to imagine she , this woman he can not get out of he head , kill someone ... int . mercer' office - day 136 ethan , a little nervous , be sit across from mercer . vitale lean against a filing cabinet . mercer now , tell we again , why do not you come in before ? ethan for what ? to get back my ipod ? mercer watch it . ethan I have mix feeling . I mean , I be kind of glad that guy get kill . mercer ( shaking he head ) you be glad ? ethan yeah . I know I should not be , but I be . vitale just give we you statement . ethan look , I do not see any vigilante . * ( more ) ( continued ) 136 a137 101 . continued : ethan ( cont 'd ) that guy smack I around , grab my ipod , hassle some black guy sit beside he kid and we all get off . except for some woman at the back . and mercer be on it , like a bloodhound . mercer a woman ? what woman -- ethan just a woman . she be stay well away from it . maybe the vigi guy get on at the next stop . on mercer again , it be all add up to one thing . he try to keep he feeling hide from vitale , who stare at he , puzzle . mercer can you describe this woman enough to do a sketch ? ethan I can try . outside a window mercer and vitale watch as ethan sit with a sketch artist . vitale where be you go with this woman thing ? mercer I do not know . vitale I mean woman kill they boyfriend , they kid , shit they love , they do not do this . mercer they do not . int . subway car - day erica , travel home in the subway . 136 a137 * the hof the hof * * 137 138 139 140 through 144 a145 102 . omitted 137 * & 138 int . police station - conference room - same time 139 a generic picture on the computer , await detail -- sketch artist think about the first moment you see she -- where you be , where she be -- tell I anything that come to mind . omitted 140 through 144 int . subway car - day al45 erica , lose in a dream , as a station flash by . ethan ( v.o. ) she have light hair . I think . * okay lip . * close on erica's profile against the dark tunnel . ethan ( v.o. ) she be skinny . but she have some * ass . you could tell . * erica 's hand , cross on she lap . they do not seem the hand of a killer . ethan ( v.o. ) good skin . pale , but smooth . good breast . another angle - on erica as the camera tack into she face . ethan ( v.o. ) they be little , like kate moss , * but they look good without a * bra . * ( continued ) a145 145 146 103 . continued : a145 closer on erica her eye be close . ethan ( v.o. ) you know what I remember ? erica open she eye . look directly at the camera . ethan ( v.o. ) she be like on lockdown . shut off . kind of scary . CUT to : int . erica's apartment hallway - day 145 erica , return from the hospital . there be a box propped against the door . erica pick it up , check to see where it be from -- ups . int . erica's apartment - continuous action - day 146 she look long and hard at the box -- wonder if she have the strength to open it . finally , she unwrap it , take the top off , carefully push aside the beautiful tissue paper , inside be the orange and vanilla wedding invitation . insert - wedding invitation " erica and David invite you to join in they celebration of each other and they life together . " back to scene as she sit there , a pair of hand touch she shoulder . David 's . it 's she wish , she fantasy , but real to she . erica you leave a hole , wait to be fill . in a mirror - her face she see he face , behind hers . ( continued ) 146 147 148 104 . continued : 146 erica but I be do now . do you hear I ? she reach up to touch he hand . there be nothing there . she look back in the mirror . see she own ravage face . erica I be do now . CUT to : omitted 147 int . mercer' office - day 148 mercer be look at the computer sketch printout , frown . mercer that could be anybody -- on sketch it look like Jennifer aniston . except for the eye . back to scene vitale it 's Jennifer aniston . he be bullshit we . sketch artist no , not really . this be a phenomenon that happen quite often -- the mind get so saturate with popular image it 's often difficult , especially for people under twenty , to recall something unique . the sketch artist leave . mercer pick up the sketch , take another look at it -- try to connect it to erica . his phone ring . he grab it . ( continued ) 105 . 148 continued : 148 mercer mercer ... yeah ... you be kid ?? ( already out of he chair ) let I do this , okay ? * 149 omitted 149 x 150 int . erica's live room - day 150 knock on the door . she throw on a sweatshirt , head to the door . erica yes ? mercer ( 0o.s . ) it 's detective mercer . I needa word with you . erica glance around the room . erica ah ... okay . she open the door . mercer look serious . he look at she apartment , curious . mercer I call a few time . there be no answer . erica I guess the ringer be off . mercer I guess so . the blind be draw over the window . * mercer it 's pretty dark in here . * erica it be not once . mercer sorry ... I do not mean ... mind if * I let some light in ? * he open a blind . sunlight flood in . then he pull * something from he pocket . hold it up in the sunlight . * ( continued ) 150 106 . continued : mercer be this yours ? it be a ring . diamond , and a bird motif in gold . and suddenly erica 's emotion be turn on they head , once more . erica where would you get it ? mercer Spanish harlem . a uniform pinch the suspect 's girlfriend try to pawn it . he match the description you give -- erica you be kid ? mercer we would like you to come down and see if you can pick he out of a lineup . erica now ? I ... I be ... I ... she get quiet , work to handle the mess of emotion go through she . mercer it will not be easy -- but you will not be alone in there . erica let I get ... I will be right back . erica head back into the bedroom . he see on the table a copy of New York -- lead story about the vigilante . he pick it up , leaf through it . he see the tv , walk over , open the drawer underneath it -- the same drawer she throw the tape in -- it 's empty . erica enter , dress . he toss the magazine on the table , they head for the door . 150 151 the brave one - Rev. 8/29/06 107 . int . lineup observation room - day 151 vitale and mercer , and detective Pitney and O'Connor flank erica as she enter the observation room . she 's nervous , emotionally on edge . pitney you be go to view five subject and I be go to ask you three question . do you recognize anyone ? where do you know they from ? what do they do ? he speak into a intercom . pitney light . and blind . light come up as the blind be draw , revealing five man , each sit under a number . erica look through the one - way mirror into the room . she recognize one of they immediately . pitney number one , approach the mirror . the first suspect walk slowly into position . erica shake she head . but she can not take she eye off one of they . erica no. pitney sit down . number two , approach the mirror . a second suspect walk forward , face the mirror . erica look , shake she head . erica no. pitney sit down . number three , approach the mirror . the third suspect walk forward , stand in front of the mirror . erica stare at he -- he stare back as if he can see she . a slight smile play at reed be lip . ( continued ) +e eh 151 the brave one - Rev. 8/29/06 107a . continued : ( Al ) 151 erica do not take she eye off he -- she study he -- she recognize every feature of he face -- recognize every fuck hair on he head -- she recognize the slope of he shoulder , the size of he hand , the rhythm of he breathe . mercer do not take he eye off erica , study she , watch , wait ... move from reed be by , to erica's eye to mercer 's eye -- after a long , tense beat ... erica shake she head . erica no. pitney number four , approach the mirror . erica shake she head . ( continued ) 108 . 151 continued : 151 erica I can see they all . it 's none of they . o'connor ( under ) you sure ? erica I be sorry . I really be . she harden , a shift you would not notice if you be not watching her the way mercer be -- because he know -- he know she 's hold -- he have not be a cop for fifteen year for nothing . erica I be so sorry ... erica suddenly turn and -- walk out of the room . vitale I think we have he . think she just froze ? she do not seem the type , but shit . mercer I do not know . 152 omitted 152 153 int . hallway - day 153 erica stand in the hallway . mercer come out . mercer that must have be tough . erica it be . I kind of hope I be finally ... do ... he look at she . every word from now on have multiple meaning . mercer I be off , let I buy you some lunch . erica that 's okay . ( continued ) 109 . 153 continued : 153 erica turn to go , he stop she . mercer hey ... you have have a rough day . let I buy you something to eat . a154 omitted a154 154 int . lucky' diner - day 154 mercer and erica sit across from each other in a booth . mercer ( watch she reaction ) sorry you have to go through that -- we really think we have he . she say nothing . she be look at she ring . mercer erica ? erica I can hardly remember he hand . mercer maybe that 's okay . maybe you need to forget . erica I can not . I miss who I be with he . you know that feel ? she turn the ring in she hand . erica it 's mughal . it be a gift from David 's grandmother . mercer watch she . he have to wrench himself back to cop mode , but he manage . mercer someone give I a gift the other night . erica yeah ? ( continued ) 154 continued : beat . 110 . 154 mercer that guy we see on tv , at the coffee shop , I have be try to put he away for month . someone else must have have something against he . we be not talk about nine millimeter here . it get personal . erica I read about it . mercer we get some more information on that subway shoot . turn out there be a woman in the car that night . we have be look for a guy with a gun , instead it 's a woman with a grudge -- erica I be sure there 's a lot of we out there . she have make a direct admission . he register this . it be so thick between they now , every word be weight . cop and suspect , man , woman , lover . mercer I use to give myself a test , erica . when I be a rookie . if someone I know commit a crime , would I put they away . erica what kind of someone ? mercer someone close to I . like the best friend I ever could have have . he mean she . and she know it . erica and ? mercer I always hope I would have have the courage , the dedication to say yes . ( continued ) 111 . 154 continued : ( 2 ) 154 erica and ... do you ? mercer I do . and it 's important that you know that . erica I know that . I admire that about you . he look directly at she . mercer just one more piece of evidence , and she 's go down . erica and I be sure you will find it . you be a good detective . you miss nothing . this be almost like a goodbye between they . erica I have to go . I will get it . mercer it 's mine -- he stop she hand , as she reach for the bill . mercer what do you think David would think of ... erica or what ? mercer look directly at she . mercer of you . now . erica I do not know . the dead do not talk . at least not to I . erica remove she hand from he -- lean down , and kiss he , on the cheek , gently , apologetically . ( continued ) 112 . 154 continued : ( 3 ) 154 on mercer watch she go . CUT to : a155 int . mercer' car - day a155 he be stick in traffic . he punch in some number on he cell phone . mercer joey mortell , please . 155 omitted 155 a156 int . taru - day a156 the police department where they traingulate cell phone call . a tall , skinny man at a computer on the phone . as he talk , he hit button on he screen , and we see a grid of the city . mortell ( man ) I get you stick in traffic between 109th and lex . pull in at vaccarello 's pizza at the corner and have a slice . intercut with : b156 int . mercer' car - day b156 stuck in traffic . he look out the window as he talk . mercer it 's a computer store now . mortell be nothing sacred ? mercer no . it 's all fuck . look , I need you to trace a call . and I do not have a subpoena . mortell but you will get one . mercer if I need to . the brave one - Rev. 8/2/06 113 . c156 int . taru - day c156 mortell take down the info . mortell give I the date and time . mercer scroll down he cell phone . mercer Three day ago . August 26th . between twelve and one-thirty . mortell number -- mercer read out erica 's number . mercer 917-157-1431. mortell name ? when mercer say nothing . mortell hah . trick question . what be it , some celebrity ? I mean , for you to go under the radar , it must be pretty high - profile , right ? mercer like I say , it 's private . okay ? mortell oh . that kind of private . I get you cover . mercer thanks . how long ? mortell depend ... how many call ... whether the signal be bounce over the water to queen , New Jersey , wherever ... two , three hour ... mercer call I . mortell on you cell phone ? mercer yes . I do not care what time it be . the brave one - Rev. 8/29/06 114 . 156 ext . spanish harlem - day 156 a series of liquor store , pawn shop , discount tennis shoe , use everything store . camera move with erica as she go into a pawn shop . come out , head down the street , into another . come out , head for another . 157 int . eddie' pawn shop - continuous action 157 erica show she ring to the guy behind the counter . erica hey . have you see this ring before ? pawn guy it look familiar . erica do you know who pawn it ? pawn guy sorry . I can not give out that information . she give he a hundred dollar bill . then another . he go to he box of receipt . pawn guy I have get a name , shauna Nelson , a address , cell phone . erica what do she look like ? ( you know what she look like ? ) pawn guy she have two eye and a mouth and a nose in the middle of she face . get the fuck out of here . he give she the paper and she leave . 158 omitted 158 159 the brave one - Rev. 8/29/06 114a o. ext . fort tryon apartment - night 159 erica wait by a entrance to a building . different people come in and out . finally , a young girl , 20 , a bruise face , walk up , a lot of attitude , start to enter the building . ( continued ) 159 160 115 . continued : 159 erica punch a number into she cell phone . Hit send . the girl take she phone out , answer . girl ( shauna ) hello ? erica start walk across the street toward the girl . shauna hello ? the girl hang up , bugge , head inside . erica follow . int . build - continuous action 160 erica hey . shauna . shauna turn . look at erica . shauna do you just call I ? erica yes . I get you number from a pawn shop . ( hold she hand up ) you have my ring . shauna yeah . that motherfucker -- fuck some slut , then give I a ring to make up , and I find out he steal 1t ???? erica I want to know where he be -- will you tell I where he be ? shauna I recognize you -- erica from what ? shauna do not say -- erica from what ? she still do not speak . erica look at she bruise . ( continued ) 160 161 162 163 the brave one - Rev. 8/2/06 continued : shauna he hurt you , too , do not he ? and shauna suddenly turn and walk away . int . mercer' office - same time mercer 's cell ring . mercer ( into cell ) yeah . int . taru - night mortell be stand in front of the computer . mortell the call last twenty - eight minute . twelve - oh- two until twelve thirty . from 917-157-1431 to you cell phone . vicinity of Roosevelt Island . a silence . he misinterprets it . mortell she tell you she be someplace else ? int . mercer' office - on he face - night he have all the evidence he need , now . mercer yes , she do . mortell ( v.o. ) I be sorry . but fuck she , right ? mercer yeah . ( then ) keep it to yourself , okay ? till I get that subpoena . mortell ( v.o. ) never go on the hard drive . mercer thanks . I owe you . 116 . 160 161 162 163 ( continued ) the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 117 . 163 continued : 163 mercer take a moment , just a moment to mourn the truth . CUT to : 164 omitted 164 a165 int . / ext . subway tunnel ( WASHINGTON height ) - night a165 erica , walk down a long , neon - light subway tunnel . suddenly she cell phone ring . she stop , lean against the tile wall , open it . a text message have be send . on the message as erica open it . reed bryant -- 90 west 218th STREET underneath that , there be a attachment , she open that . on phone screen monochromatic , shaky image , download from the camera phone , of the assault . David get smashed with a pipe , erica get kick , beat , fear on she face , helplessness on David 's . she watch it all , ten second that last a lifetime . camera circle she , as she slump back against the tile wall , then pull back down the eerie , neon - light tunnel , until she be a tiny , slump figure , the glow of she cell phone screen illuminate she face . on her cell phone she scroll down to find mercer 's number . she send a simple text - message read : goodbye . then hit the attachment button . erica Goodbye ... then she slowly rise and walk back toward we . towards the subway entrance and the world of the street outside . hand in she pocket , a frightening sense of purpose in she walk . the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 118 . b165 omitted b165 165 int . mercer' office - hallway ( previously sc . ad170 ) 165 his phone be ringing again . he take it out and see a attachment from erica . the brutal beat . anda single word : goodbye . he break into a run . 166 ext . west 218th STREET - same time 166 erica walk past a public housing apartment complex . built in the thirty , some architect 's dream of social perfection which have turn into a nightmare . youth huddle in dimly - light alleyway . each car that pass throbs with drum and bass . she should not be here , at this hour , but she 's not go to stop . she come to the recess entrance of number 90 . the number above the door seem to taunt she . she walk toward it . she light she cigarette lighter . the flame of the lighter illuminate the button panel . about a hundred metal bell - push , the name below they scratch and obscure . as she 's about to push they at random , the door suddenly open . a old lady step out . erica hold the close door open and walk inside . 167 omitted 167 through through 169 169 a170 int . 90 west 218th STREET - night a170 Dark blue , peel wall . a eerie fade elegance to the hallway . she could be in some slum in Havana . she head for the stair , rise up many storey . then she see , through the scratch toughened glass of the outside window . b170 ext . alleyway - night b170 Three figure , in the warren of the back alleyway . the glow of a match on a cigarette or a pipe . and a dog , attach to a leash . her dog. curtis. c170 ad170 d170 the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 119 . int . 90 west 218th STREET - on her face - night c170 * the last thing she expect to see . erica curtis -- he can neither smell she or sense she through the glass . she feel she gun . look round the hallway , for a back exit . then she walk through the fade hallway . turn a corner and see a door . pushes it open . there be a break stairway , lead to the back alleyway . sound of voice , o.s . she take a breath , then make she way down . omitted ad170 ext . alleyway - night d170 this alleyway be empty . erica move in the shadow . fully transformed , she seek only one thing -- and she 's not stop until she get it . it 's nerve-rack -- the rhythmic crunch of she footstep as she move deeper into the dark . a voice , quiet , come from the darkness -- from the alleyway beyond -- reed ( 0.s. ) just stand on the corner , keep a eye out , how hard can that be ? go on , get back on that * sidewalk -- * two young kid wannabe 's with reed , obey he instantly , * run back through the alley towards the street . * on erica she turn toward the sound -- carry from a distance in the quiet , nothing inside she but a absence of light . erica ( soft ) hey , boy -- ( continued ) d170 ae170 e170 through 176 177 178 179 the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 120 . continued : d170 curtis hear she voice , turn , stare . do he remember she or not ? reed turn to find out what 's go on -- see erica stand there -- close , so close she can smell he . reed what the fuck do you want ? erica ( quiet ) I want my dog back . erica blows he away -- with a bullet through he leave eye . curtis yelp in fear , dart backwards at the sound . ext . west 218th STREET - night ae170 * the two kid , reacting to the echo of the gunfire . they * bolt across the street to the building opposite . * * omitted e170 through 176 int . mercer' car - same time ( previously sc . 165 ) 177 mercer drive , on he phone . mercer I be fuck wait and I do not want to -- I need a address , now -- reed Bryant , he come in for a line - up two day ago -- omitted 178 * int . alleyway - night 179 curtis , in the shadow . erica with the gun in one hand , the other hand hold out to he . his hair be dank , uncare for . and he be afraid of she . erica ( soft ) hey ... hey , buddy . ( continued ) 179 180 181 182 the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 121 . continued : 179 curtis whine . know she and do not know she . erica remember I ? he still do not move . and it almost make she cry . she walk towards he , touch he head . a low growl come from he . int . mercer' car - night 180 mercer , still on the phone . mercer ( into phone ) thanks . he swing the wheel , do a sudden u-turn . ext . west 218th STREET - night 181 * the two kid in a doorway across the street . Cash emerge , he hand at the back belt of he trousers , run * towards the alley . int . alleyway - night 182 erica stroke curtis ' head . he have stop growl , but be still wary . erica * do they treat you bad , boy ? * but he be obey different master now . his ear prick * up , sense something . he turn , pad off , towards the shadow . on erica * watch , as curtis pad through a gap in a break wire - * mesh fence . * back to scene * she follow the fence , on the other side . then she * vision of curtis be block by a low wall . and there be * someone , move on the other side of that wall . * ( continued ) the brave one - Rev. 8/14/06 122. 182 continued : 182 on erica gun in hand . she keep go , silent step by silent step , ' till she vanish into the shadow . 183 ext . SMALL alley - night 183 a hand , in the shadow , cock a gun . curtis amble up to it , lick it . the hand push the dog away . we see Cash 's face . cash get off , bitch -- a SOUND behind he . he turn . see a figure , gun draw . erica . erica only one bitch here -- she blow he away . shoot once . twice . three time . the dog yelp , fearful of the gunfire , and fearful of she . dart into the shadow . 184 omitted 184 through through 191 191 192 ext . street - night 192 mercer , whipping through the night street , try to get to she . 193 ext . alleyway - night 193 erica , stand over Cash 's body . she hear a sound , behind she , in the alleyway . turn , walk quietly through the shadow towards it . erica's Pov of the alley , as she walk forward . she turn a corner , see the break doorway of a ruin , ground - floor apartment . she hear a SOUND again , something move inside . 194 ext . ruined apartment - night 194 erica , frame by the break doorway . ( continued ) 194 195 the brave one - Rev. 8/14/06 123 . continued : 194 every shadow tell she not to go in there . and she do not . she walk silently past it , towards a break window , rubble reach down to the ground . she walk through . int . ruined apartment - night 195 erica , inside . the trash remain of habitation in there . and a rustle of sound , again . then , a whine . erica curtis -- she see the dog , strain at the leash . and she realize the leash have be catch , or tie , to a break bedpost . then she hear a voice , echoing through the ruin apartment . lee ( 0.s. ) do not you know there 's a fuck leash law ? she whirl round , gun draw , and be pummelle to the ground by Lee , come out of the shadow . her gun clatter across the floor . she reach for it . and he boot come down on she outstretch hand . he be hold a pipe in he hand . lee do not think that 's funny , huh ? you , I and that dog again ? he place the pipe around she neck and drag she to she foot , almost strangling she . on erica's face the pipe strangling she windpipe . she be struggle for breath . lee make you boyfriend smile . gonna make you smile , too -- he withdraw the pipe . she draw one long strangle breath . he brace he arm , to smash she mouth with the pipe -- when a shot ring out . Hit the wall , behind Lee 's head . mercer be there , by the break doorway . ( continued ) 195 the brave one - Rev. 8/14/06 continued : mercer on the ground -- Lee drop , like a stone . erica , on the ground , grab for she gun . mercer Drop it , erica -- she have the gun train on Lee . erica stay out of this -- mercer no -- erica it 's between I and he -- mercer you do not have the right -- erica oh yes I do . mercer no . I have the right to hunt he down . to shoot he -- erica shoot he then ! mercer I investigate that shit . I do not do it . he be move towards she all the time . erica what be you gonna do , arrest he ? lee yeah . arrest I , officer . erica shut up . he have the gun to she head now . she lower the gun . lee good girl ... mercer take she gun from she hand . 124 , 195 ( continued ) 195 the brave one - Rev. 8/14/06 125 . continued : ( 2 ) 195 mercer you want to use a gun ... he place he gun in she hand . mercer make sure it 's legal ... lee what the hell you do , man ? mercer be I talk to you ? lee come on , man , you gotta arrest I -~ mercer I can not . saw what you do . lee you be a cop , that 's what you do . Fucking arrest I , man . mercer not tonight . all the while erica be look at he gun in she hand . lee come on , man , put I in cuff , get I out of here , do not leave I with this bitch -- erica you -- she shoot he in the head . erica shut the fuck up -- he fall back , a surprised look on he face , dead . the gunshot echoes . all the air seem to deflate out of the place . erica slowly raise she head , look at mercer . drain . erica I be do now . mercer stare at she for a long time . ( continued ) the brave one - Rev. 8/14/06 126. 195 continued : he smile , she shake she head . he place ( 3 ) 195 erica you can take I down . mercer if you go down , I be go down with you . erica and you be not gonna let that happen . wryly , sadly . mercer no . so you have get one more person to shoot . erica who? mercer me. erica no. mercer you have to . she gun back in she hand . mercer you see , there be no vigilante . just three punk on a kill spree . they get a taste of it in Central Park . then buy themselves a gun . and they turn on each other , the way they do . and maybe ... I happen along , get winge , do what I have to do . mercer stand back . mercer distance of about ten foot . erica I can not . ( continued ) 195 196 the brave one - Rev. 8/14/06 127 . continued : ( 4 ) 195 mercer you only shoot bad guy ? hey , I have join the club . come on , nick I , graze I , give I a wound . erica do not make I -- mercer what , there 's a line you would never cross ? shoot someone you like ? she raise the gun slowly . erica what if my hand shake ? mercer make sure you miss the heart . and she fire . Hit he in the arm . he spin , fall against the wall . mercer you know , that really hurt ... she drop the gun , bend down to he . erica I be sorry . he hold she with he good arm . she bury she head in he shoulder . this man she could have love , in another time , another place . mercer yeah . so be i. now get out of here before I lose my temper . the sound of police siren . she back away , into the shadow . ext . alleyway - night 196 erica , walk through the alleyway , keep to the shadow . ( continued ) 196 197 198 199 200 the brave one - Rev. 8/14/06 128 . continued : 196 the camera be high above she , see she thread she way back through the labyrinth . she duck through a laneway onto the street beyond , where a convoy of police car whip past . int . ruined apartment - night 197 mercer , stand over Lee 's body . erica 's gun be now in Lee 's dead hand . he notice the dog , still tie to the bedstead , as if for the first time . mercer forget about you , huh ? he unty the leash . mercer do you forget about she ? the dog strain to follow . mercer go on . scat . get out of here -- the dog run . ext . alleyway - night 198 the dog run , drag its leash in the dirt . past policeman , converge on the scene . ext . central park / stranger gate - night 199 erica , walk up the step . she hesitates for a moment , but this time walk on . ext . central park / tunnel - night 200 erica , walk down the tunnel where the assault happen . she walk into the dark abyss , towards the light of the park lamp on the other side . erica ( v.o. ) there be no go back . to that place , before light and dark collapse into grey . as she pass into the light , the dog scurries towards she , from behind . she take up he leash , rub he head . walk on , towards the other side . 201 the brave one - Rev. 8/9/06 129 . ext . alleyway - night 201 a crime scene , now . mercer be tend by paramedics . vitale beside he . the camera rise , to show the three body ringed by police tape . erica ( v.o . ) but a different light come up . so you can see that grey for what it be . it 's where you live now . fade out . the end * the hof this script be prepare by warner bros . picture script processing department ( 818 ) 954-4632