the proposal written by Pete chiarelli June 16 , 2006 fade in : int . margaret' apartment - early morning the sun peek over the horizon . there 's a stun view of Central Park from this apartment , but whoever life here be not watch . as we wander through expensive furniture , a steady thump , thump , thump echoe through the apartment . eventually , we see margaret mill ( 37 ) run on a treadmill , watch " the o.c. " on tivo , and read a manuscript . she sprint as the clock on she treadmill go to zero . as she hit a button to stop the treadmill ... int . woman' apartment - early morning a hand knock a alarm clock off a table to shut it up . richard paxton ( 26 ) wake up on pink sheet and look around to figure out where he be . there be multiple frame picture of the same model on the wall . Richard look at the clock and get up quickly when he see it be 6:16 am . unfortunately for he , he be very hang over . richard where be my clothes ? a blob beneath the sheet next to he answer . simone be the model on the wall and be really , really hot . simone in the kitchen . I think . can I make you some coffee ? richard sorry , I gotta go . I be late . Richard hurry to the kitchen . sock be on the butcher block next to a empty champagne bottle . shoe in the sink . he find he pants on the floor and put they on . richard ( cont would ) have you see my belt ? Simone look around and see it tie to she headboard . simone in here . she unty the complicated knot . Richard come back half dress . he swallow a little throwup . richard baby , I just can not do this anymore . 2 . int . margaret' apartment - early morning Margaret put on a black suit jacket . definitely not off the rack . she make sure she look perfect in the mirror , and move off . int . woman' apartment - early morning reflected in the mirror above Simone 's bed , Richard hurriedly get dress as he talk . richard you be just too much for I . and I be just another guy too wrap up in he job . simone Fine . whatever . just go . Richard sit down on the bed and lock eye with Simone . richard let 's not end it like that . it 's be a amazing three and a half week . thank you . and you should know that you have the nicest ass I have ever be with . simone ( touched ) you mean it ? richard I do . it 's magnificent . simone I work really hard on it . richard I know you do . Simone smile and begin to seductively pull the sheet off she naked body . Richard shake he head " no " and smile . richard ( cont would ) I really gotta go . int . margaret' kitchen - early morning crunch . Margaret eat a bowl of kashi and soy milk while stand and read a manuscript . her eye remain glue to she read as she rinse out she bowl and put it in the dishwasher . her apartment be very quiet . ext . new york STREET - morning honk ! a cab blare its horn at Richard as he run across the street . his suit be rumple and he check he watch . 3. int . margaret' lobby - morning ding ! the elevator open and Margaret stride towards the exit and the doorman ( 60 ) . before Margaret get to the door , she cell phone ring . she check the caller id and excitedly point at she phone as she let it ring . margaret ( to phone ) I know you would call ! now come on , tell I what I want to hear . give it to I . doorman you have to put it by you mouth so people can hear you . margaret you should get pay extra for be so darn funny . Margaret straighten she jacket , answer the phone , and walk out the door . margaret ( cont would ) this be Margaret . int . skyscraper lobby - morning Richard burst into the skyscraper and run into a Starbucks . int . starbucks - morning - continuous two coffee lie in wait for Richard . jillian , a lovely barista , smile as he hurry to the counter . jillian you be run late today . richard jillian , you be the best . jillian if you think I be good at this , you should use that coffee cup sometime . as he run out the door , Richard glance at he cup and smile at jillian 's name and phone number write in sharpie . richard see ya tomorrow . int . skyscraper lobby - morning - continuous the elevator door ahead of Richard begin to close . richard 4 . mercifully , a hand reach out and stop the door . Inside the pack elevator , Richard 's co- worker look sleepy . one particularly frustrated co-worker confront Richard . CO - worker # 1 how long be she gonna make we come in by seven ? richard she do not exactly consult with I on this thing . CO - worker # 1 well this suck ass . richard welcome to my nightmare . the door close as ... ext . new york STREET - morning Margaret cross the street and talk on the phone . margaret you have be think about we talk because I be right . everyone do publicity . roth , mccourt , russo . Hell , chabon practically whore himself . know what they have in common ? a pulitzer . ( off answer ) yes , I know you have not do it in twenty year , but that 's how long it 's be since you have write a book this good . int . royce publishing - morning Richard burst out of the elevator and pass a clock read 6:56 and a sign that announce " royce publish . " he haul ass through a sea of cubicle . along the way , grumpy employee begrudgingly nod they good morning . at he desk , he pull a tie out of a drawer and put it on without look in the mirror . notice he wrinkle suit , he pull out a spray bottle out of the same drawer , spray it all over he body , and then on he head to help mat down a tricky cowlick . satisfied , he hurry into a nearby corner office . int . skyscraper lobby - morning Margaret walk into the lobby and continue talk . employee avoid she and pile into the elevator . 5 . margaret I be not push so you will sell more book , I be push because it will be a crime if the world do not hear that you write a genius piece of literature . do the publicity . Margaret wait for a answer and smile when she hear " yes . " margaret ( cont would ) you be make the right decision ! great news . go into a elevator , think I be go to lose you ... Margaret hang up . never give they a chance to change they mind . int . margaret' office - morning Richard race to Margaret 's computer and turn it on . he pick up papers strewn about the room . he go back to the computer , and open computer program . int . royce publishing - reception - morning Margaret exit the elevator and receive a enthusiastic ... receptionist good morning ! Margaret quickly walk by and give only the slight nod . int . royce publishing - morning Margaret walk through the cubicle and nod hello to she staff , who all look busy on the phone . when she turn the corner , they stop they " conversation " in mid sentence and hang up . int . margaret' office - morning Richard stare at the printer as a sheet of paper come out . a clock above the door read 7:00 am . the paper clear the printer and Richard grab it quickly . int . royce publishing - morning Margaret open the door to she office , and find Richard stand at attention with papers in one hand and coffee in the other . her office look perfect . richard you have get a conference call in thirty , a staff meeting at nine , and you immigration lawyer send some papers for you to sign . margaret cancel the call , move the meeting to eight , ( more ) 6 . margaret ( cont would ) ( big news ) I get Frank to do publicity . richard Nice job . margaret when I want you praise , I will ask for it . be Bob here ? richard I be sure . you want he on the phone ? margaret we be go to he office . grab you pad . Richard calmly back out of the office ... int . richard's desk - continuous ... but once he 's out of Margaret 's sight he run to he computer and send a instant message to the office " the banshee be head to Bob 's office . " int . royce publishing - morning as the message pop up on computer , the quiet office jump to life as everyone in a cubicle pick up they phone and resume they imaginary conversation . int . richard's desk - morning Margaret come out to Richard 's desk . she notice he coffee cup with jillian 's number on it . she take special notice of the heart that dot the " I 's " in jillian . margaret that 's cute . you gonna call she today ? richard what ? Richard do not know what Margaret be talk about , until she nod at the cup . he 's embarrassed . margaret be you bored here ? do you need little distraction like that to get you through the day ? richard uh ... margaret you have another late night out ? richard 7 . Margaret start walk . Richard quickly catch up , worried because he do not know where she 's go with this . margaret I be fire on all cylinder and you have get heart on you coffee cup , wick bed head , and a wrinkle suit that you wear yesterday . richard oh. well , it will not be wrinkle for long . margaret you will magically unwrinkle ? richard yes . margaret you have magic pants ? richard no . I have spray they with stuff that will take care of the wrinkle . margaret do this work on more than just you pants ? richard anything that 's wrinkle . margaret buy I some . richard will do . Richard make a note . Margaret stop to make she point . margaret I do not care what or who you do on you own time , but when you walk through that door you represent I , and I will not have you personal life affect you at work . if you want I to think of promote you to editor , I need you sharp , focus and professional . get it ? richard get it . margaret great . now you be just a prop in here , so do not say a word . 8. int . bob be office - continuous Margaret and Richard enter Bob 's office , which be decorate with beautiful antique and first edition book . but unlike Margaret 's office , this one be not in the corner . Margaret nod at Richard to shut the door . bob ( 42 ) wear a prim bow tie , circular tortoise shell glass , and the air of superiority . margaret hey , Bob . bob ah . we fearless leader and she liege . Margaret smile . margaret I be lettin ' you go , Bob . bob pardon ? margaret you be fire . bob what ? what be you talk about ? margaret this be not work out . bob you can not ... margaret I ask you repeatedly to get Frank to do publicity . you say it be impossible . bob it be . he do not do publicity . margaret I just talk to he . he 's in . bob but ... margaret no more but , Bob . I have be chief for a month and a half , and this be the third time you have drop the ball . you do not even call to ask he . bob 9 . margaret all you have to do to be pick up the phone . that 's it . now I will give you two month to find a new job , and then you can say you resign . I will not tell a soul , my lip be seal . Margaret nod at Richard and he open the door . int . royce publishing - continuous Margaret and Richard walk a few step . Margaret look straight ahead and whisper to Richard . margaret what 's he do ? Richard turn around and take a peek . Bob get out of he chair and come to he door . richard he 's up and about to pop . margaret oh Bob , do not do it ... bob you poisonous bitch ! you can't FIRE I ! the office stop . this be go to be good . Margaret turn around with a disappointed look on she face . she 's deadly calm . margaret what be you do ? I give you a civilized way out of this . bob this be because I be you competition . because I threaten you ! margaret oh , Bob . you could never threaten I . I be fire you because you be lazy , entitle and incompetent . I be fire you because you do not work hard . so if you know what 's good for you , you will shut up , take off that ridiculous bow tie , find a bar and get drunk . because if you say one more word , Richard here be go to call security and have you throw out on you ass . be we perfectly clear ? Bob nod . margaret ( cont would ) good . now I have get work to do , so if you will 10 . Margaret and Richard walk away and speak in hushed tone . margaret ( cont would ) we need to call he author and explain what happen . and get Frank 's publicity schedule figure out pronto . richard no problem . I will just cancel my trip this weekend . margaret I give you the weekend off ? richard it be my grandma 's ninetieth birthday . but no big deal . you be right before , I need to stay focus . professional . int . richard's desk - day Richard be on the phone with he mom explain why he can not come home this weekend . he sound like a annoyed teenager . richard well tell gammy that I be sorry . ( wait to speak ) Mom , she 's make I work this weekend . it 's not like I volunteer . ( wait to speak ) I be sure dad be piss . Margaret come to Richard 's desk . he try to wrap it up . richard ( cont would ) I have to go . yeah . no , I be not go to do that ! no. sorta . Mom ! no. bye . Richard hang up the phone . richard ( cont would ) sorry about that . damage control . margaret she tell you to quit ? richard no. no. ( off Margaret 's look ) um. yes ? but as I have explain to they , after three year together , you be the only person on the planet who can make I editor , so that 's the way it be . Richard 's phone ring and he pick it up . 11 . richard ( cont would ) you 10:55 be here . Mr. gilbertson ? margaret who be this guy ? richard he say you know each other . you be not sure so you tell I to set a meeting . we reschedule on he four time . margaret go get he . but he 's out of here in five minute , we have get work to do . Margaret leave and go into she office . richard ( to himself ) I will charge up the cattle prod . int . margaret' office - day Margaret read as mr. gilbertson ( 48 ) sit down . he 's a intense man in a bad suit . he sit in silence until Margaret look up . mr. gilbertson Margaret . good to see you . I know how busy you be . congrat on the promotion . read about it in p -w . margaret yeah . well , that announcement be silly , be not they ? like everyone who need to know do not know already . Margaret have be try to figure out how she know this man , but now give up . margaret ( cont would ) have to admit , I can not place where we know each other from . gilbertson smile . he do not expect she to remember . mr. gilbertson Three year ago ? we work together . margaret do not have it ... mr. gilbertson remember " dandelion 's desire ? " Margaret get excited . 12 . margaret oh my God , you read that manuscript with I ? that book be legend . without a doubt the worst ever write . mr. gilbertson you think ? margaret it be a fever dream ! 900 offensive and pointless page , with like 30 character , who all have some weird disability . the paraplegic pornographer , and the stutter scientist ? oh ! and there be the asthmatic alien chapter -- write entirely in he alien language . mr. gilbertson I believe there be a glossary ... Margaret laugh , catch up in the memory . margaret do you see the pass letter I write he ? mr. gilbertson ( quoting ) " you grammar be impeccable , but please do not confuse superior form with write ability . save you skill for the office newsletter , you sir , be no writer . " a beat . Margaret say matter of fact ... margaret you write the book . mr. gilbertson I do . margaret you be Dante dicken ? mr. gilbertson one of my nom de plume . gilbertson pace . Margaret stay seat , at a loss . margaret I be sorry if I hurt you feeling . you obviously be spend a lot of time write , I just think you should channel all that passion into something else . gilbertson smile as he pull a badge from he coat pocket . 13 . mr. gilbertson Ms. Mills , I be with U.S. citizenship and Immigration service , and I be deport you to Canada . margaret Excuse I ? what ? this be a mistake . I have live here since 1981 . I be apply for citizenship . mr. gilbertson you need citizenship now ? after the big promotion ? margaret yes . and all the papers be in . gilbertson pull out a stack of papers and throw they down . mr. gilbertson well , my office be go to reject you paperwork on Monday , while we investigate whether you behavior be well dispose to the good order and happiness of the United States . we must protect we sovereignty . margaret I be a threat to the sovereignty of the United States ? mr. gilbertson yes , and unfortunately my investigation will take awhile , so you will be deport while you case wind through the system . ( as if he do not know ) will it affect you at work if you be not allow to enter the U.S. for the next two to three year ? margaret " affect I at work ? " I will lose my job ! mr. gilbertson ( mock sympathy ) ahhhh . that 's a shame . too bad we can not work something out . Margaret stop look at she file . it all become clear . margaret oh , no . no , no , no . I will not do it . mr. gilbertson do what , Ms. Mills ? margaret 14 . gilbertson smile . she 's quick . mr. gilbertson I have edit it down . it 's better . margaret well then , get it publish at another house . mr. gilbertson they all just do not get I . margaret all ? mr. gilbertson well not all . two hundred fifty , two hundred sixty - one . ish . margaret I will be fire and laugh out of the industry if I publish that book . mr. gilbertson I be at the end of my rope , Ms. Mills . I be a author . not some bureaucrat who bring a lunchable to work everyday and life in he brother 's garage . you be the last stop , and I be desperate . margaret I will never publish you book . ever . mr. gilbertson there 's no need to make this difficult . I do not turn in you file until Monday ... margaret this be blackmail . I will go to you boss . mr. gilbertson I have spend two year prepare for this day . do not you think I have think of that ? now Margaret be pace , while gilbertson happily look on . suddenly , the door open and Richard burst in , act like there be a " emergency " so Margaret can end the meeting . richard Excuse I , Ms. Mills , risk management need you right away . the sight of Richard inspire Margaret . she turn to gilbertson with a wick grin on she face . 15 . margaret know what , Dante ? I be not go anywhere ! we be get marry ! Richard have no idea what Margaret be talk about . richard who 's get marry ? margaret we be ! richard you and he ? margaret stop play around , honey . Margaret be all smile . Richard be very confuse . margaret ( cont would ) Mr. gilbertson be from the INS . I tell he about we . about we get marry . mr. gilbertson you be marrying you male secretary ? richard Assistant . mr. gilbertson you be marrying you male assistant ? margaret ( matter of fact ) we be in love . we try to fight it . when it 's right , it 's right . mr. gilbertson and this have nothing to do with my visit here today ? margaret nope . true love . get it bad . mr. gilbertson ( to Richard ) you . be this true ? be you marrying this ... woman ? Margaret come over to Richard and hold he hand . margaret of course we be . mr. gilbertson 16 . painfully long beat where Richard do not answer . Margaret squeeze Richard 's hand hard . richard uh-huh . Margaret smile and snuggle up to Richard so he can put he arm around she . Richard be truly afraid . richard ( cont would ) ( more of a question ) I be , uh , marrying my boss ? Margaret turn and pucker she lip to let Richard know that she 's ready for a kiss . the two slowly begin to come together . just as they dry lip be about to touch , Richard chicken out and kiss the hair on the top of she head . mr. gilbertson five year in prison and a two hundred and fifty thousand dollar fine . margaret what ? mr. gilbertson if I prove you be lie , you go to federal prison for five year . gilbertson take out a pad and take note . mr. gilbertson ( cont would ) ( to Richard ) you . do you know what you be get yourself into ? we be go to put you in a room and ask you every detail that a real couple would know about each other . do you even know she favorite color ? Richard do not answer . Margaret encourage he on with a thinly veile threat . margaret c'mon . answer . you do not have a choice . Richard do not want to do this , but relent . richard plum . mr. gilbertson you mean purple ? richard no. plum be " smokier " than purple . 17 . mr. gilbertson favorite flower ? richard tulip . but only when they be in season . mr. gilbertson childhood pet name ? richard miss mitten . margaret be we do here ? mr. gilbertson who know you be get marry ? Margaret interrupt . margaret no one . with we work together we decide it would be too much of a scandal if anyone know . mr. gilbertson have you at least tell you family ? margaret ( excite ) my parent be dead ! mr. gilbertson how convenient . so you be not tell anyone that you be get marry ? richard nope . gilbertson smile and put down he pad . mr. gilbertson pathetic . four question and I have get enough to send you to prison ... margaret we be tell he family this weekend . richard we be ? margaret yes . we be . we be surprising they ... ( try to remember ) ... at he grandma 's 90th birthday party . 18. mr. gilbertson and where 's that go to be ? margaret ( no idea ) at Richard 's parent 's house . mr. gilbertson and where 's that locate ? margaret ( still no idea ) in he hometown . richard sitka . mr. gilbertson be that on Long Island ? only Richard have the answer . Margaret try to cover . margaret why do not you tell he ? richard Alaska . mr. gilbertson you be go to Alaska this weekend ? margaret ( Alaska ??? ) yes . of course we be go to Alaska . that 's where Richard be from . gilbertson begin to walk around . he 's get work up . mr. gilbertson you think you can beat I with this b-s story ? force you secretary ... richard Assistant . mr. gilbertson ... assistant to marry you and then conveniently tell he family for the first time this weekend ? margaret I be sorry , Dante . do you not prepare for that ? Margaret put she arm around Richard and wait in silence . 19 . enrage , but with no recourse for now , gilbertson check he appointment book and write down some information . mr. gilbertson the INS will see you both in ten day for you official interview . you storey better match up on every account . Mr. gilbertson get right up in Margaret 's face as he give she the piece of paper . mr. gilbertson ( cont would ) Cross all you T 's and dot you I 's with this ruse , Ms. Mills . margaret there be no " T 's " or " I 's " in " Love " Mr. gilbertson . gilbertson leave and shut the door hard . Margaret go back to she desk like this be all in a day work . margaret ( cont would ) why be you from Alaska ? sweet Jesus , that 's inconvenient . so here 's what 's go to happen . we will play boyfriend and girlfriend this weekend for you parent and that should be enough for this INS interview . Richard do not react . Margaret do not notice . margaret ( cont would ) so you need to figure out the travel , schedule a justice of the peace for next week , and get my lawyer on the phone . Margaret take a sip of she coffee and make a face . margaret ( cont would ) but first , run down and get I another coffee from you girlfriend , this be cold . Margaret hold out she coffee cup . Richard do not move . margaret ( cont would ) hello ? Richard ? Richard ! Richard say he first word since gilbertson leave . richard I quit . Richard leave Margaret 's office . she still have she coffee cup outstretch in she hand . 20 . int . royce publishing - continuous Richard power through the office . co - worker take notice that Margaret be follow he . margaret Richard , come back here . Margaret try not to make a scene . margaret ( cont would ) Richard . Richard . Richard push the elevator button in front of reception . margaret ( cont would ) come back to the office ! Richard can not take it . he get up in Margaret 's face . richard you shut up . you just lose you " I get to tell Richard what to do " privilege . margaret well , we need to talk . richard you want to talk with I ? Fine . grab you broom and let 's go . Margaret be dumbstruck . the receptionist be shocked . the elevator arrive and Richard get in . Margaret follow . as the door close , Richard shout out to the receptionist . richard ( cont would ) watch my phone ! ext . central park - day Richard and Margaret walk in silence through the park . Richard finally speak . richard you plan be psychotic . margaret well I would rather poke my eye out than play pretend girlfriend , but this be the big time . sometimes you need to sack up . richard be not Canadian suppose to be nice ? margaret you wanna be a editor ? you need to make 21 . richard ok . Fine . then if we " make this happen " ? you be promote I to editor . margaret I be do what ? richard we go to Alaska and lie to my family ? I risk go to jail ? well , you be make I editor for that . I mean , do you think I would do this out of the kindness of my heart ? margaret you work for I ! richard you know , during my employee orientation , the hr rep do not mention anything about I marrying you . margaret look , I come to this town alone and with nothing . I have work my ass off for fifteen year and this guy want to ruin I because he write the shittiest book of all time ? no way . richard Nice story Little orphan Annie , but that sound like you problem . not mine . Margaret be stick . Richard really do have the upper hand . margaret Fine . you take I to Alaska this weekend , and I will make you editor . deal ? Margaret put out she hand to shake , Richard take it . margaret ( cont would ) and I be not sleep on you parent 's hide - a - bed , we be stay in a hotel . do they even have hotel in Alaska ? richard no . but they have hut . teepees really . and you have to poop in a bucket . but otherwise , just like the four season . but with bear . ext . plane to seattle - day a commercial jet take off and leave New York City behind . 22. int . plane to seattle - day Richard and Margaret sit in first class and work on they lap top . Richard look up . richard um. should not we talk about what we be go to say to my parent ? Margaret do not look up , annoyed with the question . margaret be you do with the press release ? richard almost . margaret ( patronizing ) well let 's finish big people business before mommy and daddy talk . okay ? dejected , Richard go back to work . int . seattle airport - day as they change plane in Seattle , Margaret walk quickly and talk on the phone . still the assistant , Richard lag behind , weigh down by both they bag . up ahead at the gate , a gate attendant ( female , 50' ) announce final board to sitka . Margaret get off she phone . margaret so what do I need to know up there ? bullet point . richard I tell ‘em we have be dating for six month . we have keep it a secret from everyone ... ( under he breath ) ... and that you be a naughty minx in the sack . Richard and Margaret make it to the attendant at the gate . Margaret be not amused by Richard 's attempt at humor . margaret ( venomous ) do not make I hate you . Margaret hand she board pass to the attendant and breeze through . the attendant give Richard a look . richard bring she home to meet my folk . she 's 23 . tangled in the bag , Richard struggle to find he board pass . the impatient attendant be get frustrated . richard ( cont would ) I have get it here . sorry . guess I be a little flustered too . have not be home for awhile , hope they like she ! the gate attendant smile . gate attendant ( hear it all ) I do not care , sir . Richard find he board pass and hand it over . richard ok then . you be a sweet lady . thanks . Richard hustle to the plane as they shut the door . int . plane to alaska - day Margaret take she seat and sit next to a well dress handsome man who be reading a book . she notice the title and he catch she stare . Margaret explain . margaret I be sorry , I hate it when people stare at what I be read . it 's just ... I work on that book . handsome man you write it ? margaret edited it . it be one of my favorite . handsome man well you do a good job . it 's great . margaret you do not see many guy with that book . you , uh , read a lot of love storey about Roman concubine ? handsome man my ex- girlfriend give it to I . I travel a lot for work . I will read anything ... margaret ( suspicious ) ex -girlfriend , huh ? 24 . handsome man ( smile , embarrassed ) ok , you get I . I be a closet romantic . but let 's keep that between we . Margaret smile and make the " my lip be seal " motion . just then , Richard lumber onto the plane with the bag . margaret there you be . give I my lap top . Richard untangle the bag and give Margaret she computer bag . richard ( be : book ) hey , he 's read ... margaret I know , Richard . Richard turn around and put the bag in the overhead compartment . the handsome man turn to Margaret . handsome man do you two want to sit together ? margaret sit together with who ? the handsome man nod at Richard . handsome man you boyfriend ? Margaret point to Richard indignantly . margaret you mean he ? the handsome man nod . Margaret try to set the record straight . margaret ( cont would ) no. no. no . he 's my assistant . handsome man you be bring you assistant all the way to Alaska ? Richard smile , happy that Margaret have to answer . richard oh , you can tell he the truth . margaret well , he 's ... indispensable . 25 . the handsome man be not buy it . margaret ( cont would ) and gay . take care of I everywhere I go . call he my queen mother . be not you my indispensable gay queen mother ? Margaret shoot Richard a nasty look . he have to go along . richard that 's I . Richard turn to close the overhead compartment . handsome man you be awfully nice to fly he first class . Margaret nod she head and agree . it suck to be Richard . ext . aerial of sitka - day we see the natural beauty of South Eastern Alaska . sitka be a island the size of maui . only a eight mile stretch of coast be inhabit , the rest be complete wilderness . at the center of the island be a mountain with smaller hill around it . the coast be dot with fishing boat . gorgeous . int . jetway - day Margaret and the handsome man chat like old friend while they walk off the plane . Richard follow with all the bag . as they all walk out of the jetway they see ... int . airport - day - continuous a big banner that read : congratulation richard and margaret !!! with wedding bell and a graphic show the journey from New York to sitka . the banner be be hold up by a group of 30 people with excited look on they face . Richard 's mom debbie ( 60 ) be front and center . she 's a sweet lady who cook Richard a hot breakfast every morning until he leave the house . grandma annie ( 89 ) also wait . she 's live a long time and do not have a lot of time to screw around . when they see Richard , they scream . Margaret 's face drop . all there he be !!! where 's Margaret ? Richard blanch white . Margaret look back with eye that say " what the hell be go on ? " 26 . handsome man ( note banner ) that 's sweet . Richard go over to the group . Margaret keep walk . richard what be you guy do here ? what 's with the sign ? debbie so you be " just dating , " huh ? I can not believe you do not tell we ! richard do not tell you what ? annie we be not say anything until you let we meet Margaret . now , where 's we girl ? Richard look around . Margaret keep she head down and try to avoid eye contact . richard uh. Margaret ? you need to come over here . like now . honey . the handsome man see Richard with the banner people , call for Margaret to come over . Margaret wince . margaret I have to go now . handsome man ( put it together ) what kind of sick shit be this ? Margaret nod . this would be a tough one to explain . margaret have a great life . Margaret walk toward the group . Richard put out he hand and silently plead for Margaret to hold it . at the last second , she take it . richard everyone , this be Margaret . grandma annie it 's nice to meet you . now , do you prefer be call Margaret , or the Dragon Lady ? we have hear it both way . everyone laugh . 27 . debbie annnie ! grandma annie it 's not like he have not tell she that he use to call she the Dragon Lady . they be get marry . richard ( real " casual " ) now , ah , where do you hear that ? the whole " get marry " thing ? debbie oh , that man from the government . gilber - something . Said he be check up on you two . Said it be technicality , because Margaret be from Canada . richard what , ah , do you tell he ? debbie well for one thing , that you be in a lot of trouble for not tell we that you two be get marry ! richard no. really . what do you say ? debbie just that you be come up here this weekend . that we have not see you in a while , and that we would hear about Margaret for year , but that we would never meet she . Debbie turn to Margaret and take both of she hand . debbie ( cont 'd ( cont would ) the way that Richard talk about you ? I will admit , I do not see this come . margaret I neither . Debbie pick up some of the bag and start walk toward the exit . everyone else follow she lead . on the move debbie so why all the silly secrecy ? richard it be not a secret . we do not tell anyone . 28 . debbie well , be you family just anyone ? richard no , I do not mean ... debbie I should be mad at you two . but , but ... I be just so excited ! margaret ( be : group ) uh , be everyone come to we hotel ? grandma annie oh , we cancel you reservation . you be part of the family now . family do not stay at a hotel . also , we have get another little surprise for you two . margaret surprise ? another surprise ? richard she 's not good with surprise . margaret I be really not good with surprise . ext . sitka airport - day - continuous Debbie stop . sitka Airport be very small , so they be already outside by all the car park in the load zone . Debbie and Annie excitedly look at each other . debbie well you two ... grandma annie ... you be get marry this weekend ! margaret richard what ? what ? grandma annie ( cont would ) the whole kit and caboodle . Margaret give both this woman a look that say " what be you talk about ? " debbie when gilber -someth tell we you be get marry ... grandma annie 29 . debbie ... God rest they soul ... grandma annie ... or friend ... debbie ... we decide to give you a wedding . grandma annie engagement party tonight ... debbie ... and the wedding tomorrow at midnight . Debbie and Annie wait to see what Margaret think . margaret be you witch ? grandma annie just quaint . during the solstice it 's good luck . it 's a alaskan thing . debbie we have plan everything . Margaret be not sell , so grandma Annie go for the clincher . grandma annie I be old , Margaret . I do not have much time leave . Richard life so far away , and I never see he . now I find out he 's get marry , and I have a chance to see my one grandchild 's wedding day . it 's a dream come true for I . a dream come true . please let I see Richard get marry before I die . please . Long beat . Richard do not know what Margaret be go to say . Margaret do not know what Margaret be go to say . finally , she go to speak , but can only get out ... two big thumb up . the crowd cheer . ext . sitka - day a procession of car make its way through town . int . pickup - day Debbie and grandma sit in the front of the truck , all smile . Margaret and Richard sit as far away from each other as possible in the backseat of the extend cab . 30 . Margaret try to get Richard 's attention , but he 's look out the window . finally she pinch he and Richard jump . he give Margaret a " what do you do that for " look . margaret ( mouthing ) the Dragon Lady !? Richard shrug . grandma annie to tell you the truth , we have a lot of the plan make already for my birthday . just a few change here and there , and we make this weekend a wedding . Margaret stare at Richard . margaret I be a lucky woman . Margaret do she best to smile . ext . dock - day the car park in a lot in the middle of nowhere , near a small dock . everyone get out of the car and start walk to the ocean . Margaret be confuse . margaret I be not get out of this car until you tell I where we be go . richard come on , it will be ok . I promise . Richard point to a small island about a mile away . ext . yacht - day everyone ride on a 75 foot yacht . lot of polished wood and chrome . someone pass out beer on board , and the mood be festive . Margaret take a look around at the surreal scene . margaret who be you people ? Richard let Margaret wonder . ext . paxton dock - day the ship dock and we get we first glimpse of the paxton estate . it sit above the rest of the wood island and be as tasteful as a 15 bedroom alaskan mansion can be . Richard 's father , geoffrey ( 60 ) wait on the dock . he be a bear 31 . geoffrey so you must be Margaret . we have hear a lot about you . all of it bad . Margaret tentatively walk off the yacht in she none to practical sling back . geoffrey ( cont would ) I mean , I almost shit myself when I hear he be marrying the devil woman . margaret I think it be the dragon lady ? geoffrey either way . richard hey dad . Richard shake he father 's hand . it 's a little stiff . geoffrey welcome home . good to see ‘ya . richard you too . geoffrey be a while . richard yeah . you would think you could make it to the airport to mark the occasion . grandma Annie interrupt . grandma annie help he with the bag geoffrey . ( to Richard and Margaret ) let 's get you two settle . as Richard and Margaret move towards the house , Annie shoot geoffrey a look that say " be nice " . int . paxton estate - day the house be deck out in sheik alaskan decor . somehow , it make bear head and deer antler look good . everything be first class . Margaret be a little awe strike . debbie we will show you around later . margaret uh huh . 32 . out of nowhere , a small husky puppy startles Margaret and jump on she . debbie balzac ! down ! no ! Debbie pull the dog off of Margaret and push he toward the kitchen . Margaret try to take it in stride and make small talk . margaret what a great name . balzac 's " lose illusion " be one of my favorite novel . debbie oh. well , this balzac 's get epididymitis . Debbie make two big circle with she pointer finger to illustrate how balzac really get he name . not understanding , Margaret look over at balzac as he walk away . off she shocked reaction , we understand right away that this puppy husky be a anatomic marvel . debbie ( cont would ) no one on the island want he when he be bear . we figure he deserve a home . geoffrey and do not let he outside , or the eagle will snatch he . richard c'mon dad ... geoffrey I mean it . they come out of that rehabilitation center mean . and hungry . richard do not listen to he , Margaret . int . paxton estate upstair - day Debbie open a door for Richard and Margaret . debbie you will be sleep here . int . margaret' room - day - continuous the room be beautiful , right out of Architectural digest . debbie bathroom be there , all the towel be in the armoire by the bed . just let I know if you 33. margaret thank you . where 's Richard 's room ? debbie oh , we take down he " shrine " year ago . and do not worry , I be under no illusion that you two have not sleep in the same bed before . Richard can sleep here too . margaret oh , let 's not upset grandma Annie . debbie it be she idea . anything to help get she a great grandchild . Richard shrug he shoulder behind he mother . margaret great . you know , I have get use to he breathe at night . debbie I think so dear . Debbie leave and shut the door . Margaret revert back to she old self . margaret I be about 15 second from bitch . richard calm down . margaret what be go on here ? richard Hell if I know . margaret you have no idea they know about we get marry ? richard you think I would bring you here if I do ? margaret well , we just gotta tell ‘em . richard tell ‘em what ? margaret tell ‘em the truth . about we . 34 . richard wrong answer . no way . margaret what do you mean no way ? this be crazy . richard no , crazy be lie to the federal officer . margaret well I do not like this . richard well I be not make my gammy a accomplice to a class C felony ! for one second could you not be so selfish ? margaret selfish ? richard yeah , you know , that thing you do where you only worry about yourself every second of every day ? margaret how be it selfish to tell the truth ? richard look . we be awful , awful people . in the last forty eight hour , we have lie to ... everyone . we need to protect the people downstairs . we can not ask this good , decent , not awful people to lie for we . let 's keep the darkside to ourselves . Margaret take a second to make up she mind . margaret Fine . but if we do this , you need to stop lie to I . richard what have I lie to you about ? margaret why do you tell I that you be poor ? richard I never say that . margaret well , you never tell I you be rich . richard when do that come up ? 35 . margaret I do not know , how about , " hi , my name be Richard , I be a alaskan titan of industry . " richard well , maybe I do not tell you because you would have fire I if you know . margaret no I would not . richard come on ! you be always yammer on about you scrappy childhood , and how you fight for that soccer scholarship , and how the rich kid make fun of you in prep school for work in the kitchen . you be totally anti - rich . margaret I be not anti-rich . richard oh yes you be ! and you know what make it worse ? you have money ! margaret I earn ... richard ... every penny I have . blah , blah , blah . you need new material . margaret hey . watch it . you be still my assistant . richard you be go to promote I anyway . margaret sure of that ? richard nope . not at all . Margaret take a look at herself in the mirror . margaret well , come on . if we be go to do this , we might as well put on a show . int . paxton estate - day downstair , the engagement party be in full swing . the starch wait staff stand out in the crowd , because the raucous party - goer be all dress in flannel , t-shirt and baseball hat . 36 . Ponytail rule for the woman , and almost all the man have shaggy hair and beard . no dress code here . like the house , the party be first class . Ice sculpture melt , champagne be serve on silver trays , and the buffet overflow with salmon and king crab . Margaret work the crowd like a pro and hold court with some well wisher , Richard 's parent , and balzac . margaret I go to Union college in upstate New York . it 's a small liberal art school that no one have ever hear of . Richard come to the group and hand Margaret a drink . margaret ( cont would ) ( look at glass ) lime ? richard be right back . Richard leave to fetch lime wedge . geoffrey elbow Debbie in the side , " what be that ? " well wisher # 1 how long have you be with you company ? margaret since I graduate college . Richard come back with the lime . Margaret take it and do not say thank you . richard she 's be there since she be nineteen . geoffrey nineteen ? wow . that 's how long ? margaret oh , who 's count ... geoffrey could let it go , but want to push she . geoffrey no . how many year be that ? exactly . Margaret give geoffrey the slight look . margaret well , let I see . that would be sixteen or seventeen year . exactly . 37 . geoffrey I be never good with big number . that make you ... thirty six now ? margaret just turn thirty seven . bear on May 20th . I be a Taurus . geoffrey and Margaret give each other a smile . margaret ( cont would ) ( to Richard ) I need some protein . richard there 's some salmon . Margaret shake she head no . richard ( cont would ) crab ? Margaret nod yes . Richard step away to find a waiter . geoffrey watch he son do Margaret 's bid . geoffrey keep he on a short leash , huh ? do he roll over when you whistle ? Debbie hit geoffrey . debbie he 's just be a good host . Richard come right back with a waiter in tow . for geoffrey 's benefit , Margaret make a point to thank Richard . margaret thank you , honey . you be be so sweet . Richard be surprised , but remember they be a couple . richard uh , sure . honey . well wisher # 2 so you just get some big promotion ? margaret I be editor in chief , now . Richard tenderly put he arm around Margaret . richard ( beaming ) I be so proud of my girl . 38 . from behind they , a melodic , etherial voice interrupt . voice ( o.s. ) editor in chief ? you be marrying up , Richard . everyone turn around to find gertrude thurman ( 26 ) . she be Grace Kelly in patagonia and timberland . add insult to injury , she do not have eyeliner on . richard gert !? Richard snap he arm back , hit Margaret in the head , and spilling she tonic water on she shirt . he do not notice what he 's do , and leave Margaret . she 's peeve . richard ( cont would ) ( flustered ) what be you ? what be you do here ? gertrude you dad make I come . richard from Chicago ? gertrude laugh . the group watch this two see each for the first time in year . there be instant chemistry , and Richard have forget about Margaret completely . gertrude no . I live here now . richard you what ? gertrude I move back about six month ago . I be teach second grade . at baranof . richard do you husband move up here too ? gertrude uh , no . I , ah , get divorced . richard oh my God . I be sorry . gertrude I too . but hey , we be be rude , I wanna meet the bride . gertrude leave Richard and go to Margaret . 39 . gertrude ( cont would ) hi , I be gertrude . but call I gert . margaret you be a gertrude ? gertrude a family name from hell . margaret I be sure it 's be a curse . geoffrey gert and Richard be quite the item in high school . gertrude instantly dismiss geoffrey 's reminiscence . gertrude oh please . ancient history . geoffrey feel like yesterday to I . gertrude ( ignore geoffrey ) so tell I everything . I hear it be not exactly love at first sight ? margaret not exactly ... grandma annie now Richard , what I want to know be how you propose . this grab the group 's full attention . everyone love to hear a story like this . richard well ... Richard have not recover from see gertrude . richard ( cont would ) uh , uh , um , I ... geoffrey yeah . how do you pop the question ? Richard be a deer in the headlight . this be get ugly . Margaret see that Richard be go to crumble , and step in . margaret can I tell this one , honey ? 40 . richard uh. sure . margaret I be a early , early riser and go for a run everyday . well , it be we six month anniversary and I be out for my normal jog in the park , when who do I see in a horse draw carriage , wear a tux , and wait for I halfway through my run ? Richard ! so I run up to the carriage and ask he what be go on , and he put he finger to he lip and say , " shhhh . " so there I be in my jogging clothes , next to the most handsome mute in the world - have you see he in a tux ? - riding like a sweaty princess and smile ear to ear . couple minute later , we arrive at tavern on the Green . best part , we be the only people in the place because Richard get they to open up early . well , we go to we table , sit down , and just as the sun start to peek above the tree , this beautiful man get down on one knee , and say " I do not want one more sunrise to go by without you know that you be the light of my life , and that I would be the luckiest man in the world if you would be my wife . Margaret Mary Mills , will you marry I ? " the group be silent , wait for the clincher . margaret ( cont would ) I say yes . the group give a collective " ahh " . grandma Annie take both Margaret and Richard by the hand . grandma annie you be a good boy Richard , and you make I very proud . I love you richy . richard I love you too , grandma . grandma hug the couple . everyone smile except geoffrey and gertrude . geoffrey so do this happen before or after the INS agent come sniff around ? debbie what be wrong with you ? I be sorry Margaret . Margaret do not miss a beat . 41 . margaret oh please . I would wonder too . honestly , my lawyer have be deal with all of this . when you tell we at the airport it be the first time I would hear about it . I be so embarrassed . debbie do not be , dear . geoffrey 's just a ass . while Debbie apologize , Margaret give Richard a little wink that say " I have get this under control " . the moment be interrupt when Richard pull out a ringing cell phone . he take a step back and answer quietly so no one can hear . richard Margaret mill 's phone . ( off answer ) one second please . Richard come back to the group and hand Margaret the phone . richard ( cont would ) it 's we friend , Frank . Richard 's tone let 's Margaret know there 's a problem . margaret Excuse I , I will just be a second . Margaret take the phone and exit out french glass door that lead to the backyard . she leave the door open , and do not notice balzac follow she outside . ext . paxton backyard - day - continuous Margaret go far from the house so no one can hear . balzac follow she all the way , but Margaret do not see he . margaret do not be a cliche , Frank . do not be the wishy washy writer who change he mind every two second . Margaret notice balzac , but ignore he . the dog start yapping to get attention . she walk away , but balzac continue bark . annoy , she get down face to face with the puppy and put the phone against she chest so Frank do not hear . margaret ( cont would ) ( to balzac ) sit and be quiet ! balzac sit and pout . Margaret walk away and put the phone back to she ear . 42 . margaret ( cont would ) I fire Bob because he do not have you best interest in mind . we job be to help you succeed . he be not do that . Margaret continue to listen to she writer whine , when she notice a eagle soar in circle above she and balzac . not sure what to think , she look back at balzac and see he peacefully sit in the grass . she then look up and see that the eagle be go . Margaret shake she head , look back at balzac when -- whoosh ! the eagle snatch balzac by the scruff of the neck , and take off . Margaret jump . there be no one to help , so she chase after the dog and eagle . she stay calm on the phone . margaret ( cont would ) could you hold on just a second ? with no other option , Margaret throw she cell phone and hit the eagle suspend 20 foot above she . the eagle drop balzac and Margaret catch he . balzac look frighten . tuck balzac away like a furry football , she run to she phone and pick it up . margaret ( cont would ) ( nonchalant ) sorry , drop my phone . Margaret look up and see that the eagle have resume fly in circle above she . she decide to wrap up the call quick and get back to the house . margaret ( cont would ) Frank , I do not want to sell you on anything . but know this . this book be you legacy ... Margaret look up and see the eagle dive towards she and balzac again . she run . margaret ( cont would ) ... and -i- think -you-should - be-the-one - to introduce - your-legacy - to-the-world . call I - tomorrow - with -your-decision . my-phone be - always - on . talk-to-you-soon . the eagle bear down on they with talon out . just as the eagle be about to strike , Margaret stick out she hand with the phone to fend back the eagle . to she surprise , the eagle grab Margaret 's phone and fly off . Margaret freak . margaret ( cont would ) 43 . panicked , she take balzac in both hand and put he up to the eagle as a offer . margaret ( cont would ) take the dog ! take the dog ! int . paxton estate Inside , the elegant party carry on . debbie where 's Margaret ? we need to go . richard go where ? debbie it 's a surprise . Girls be go into town . and the boy stay here . I tell you , we have plan everything . richard um . she 's outside . Debbie and Richard turn around and look out a picture window . they see Margaret run with balzac above she head . debbie oh that 's sweet , she 's play with my balzac . ext . paxton backyard - day the eagle be long go , but Margaret be still run with the dog try to bait it back . margaret this be a delicious dog , Mr. Eagle . c'mon , bring back the phone . Richard call out from the house . richard what be you do ? margaret the eagle take my phone ! richard be you drunk ? margaret you dad be right ! the eagle try to take the dog , so I save it , then it come back and take my phone . 44 . richard do the dingo eat you baby , too ? margaret Frank 's go to call I on that phone . I need it ! richard relax . I have get you information back up on the laptop . I will just get you a new phone and switch the number . no problem . margaret oh . richard now come on . you be go somewhere with my mom and the girl . margaret I be not go anywhere . richard you want a new phone ? you be go . ext . pioneer bar - day the Pioneer bar be a classic alaskan bar , decorate with picture of every fishing vessel that have make sitka its home . but tonight estrogen rule , as all the patron be woman cheering for a oile , tone , and beard man in a tiny thong who gyrate to the beat of Prince 's " sexy motherfucker . " on stage with the dancer , Margaret try to not look miserable in she novelty bachelorette party wedding veil with devil horn . debbie work it hank ! gertrude be that a salmon down you pants ? the room laugh as hank work he crotch millimeter away from Margaret 's face . Margaret remain straight face . margaret definitely not a salmon . the woman encourage hank on as he move Margaret 's hand to he wiggling ass and give she a feel . she can not help but give and embarrassed smile . finally , the song end and hank go into the split . thrill , the room give he a stand ovation . Margaret play along and give hank a kiss on the cheek . she begin to get off the stage , but hank take she by the hand . 45 . hank ah , ah , ah . I be just the warm up . hank sit Margaret down , and blindfold she with a scarf . margaret what 's go on ? grandma annie just sit there dear . mc do not be shy lady , tip well and often , show hank how much you appreciate he asset ! and now ... ramone ! the room go silent as a middle age ramone come on to the stage . he have a pot belly , threadbare thong and a thin mustache . ramone 's dance have a Latin theme to it , and he 's very good at it . Margaret be oblivious . margaret what 's that smell ? Margaret finally take off she blindfold , and find ramone about a inch away from she face . margaret ( cont would ) ( belly laugh ) ahhh !!! Margaret fall out of she chair and she scream frighten ramone . after the initial scare he compose himself and wag he finger at she naughty behavior . ramone you be a naughty devil . ramone go to work another part of the stage , and when he turn , Margaret jump off the stage and join the lady . margaret good lord . grandma annie ramone be the only male dancer on the island for year . no one have the heart to tell he to hang it up . margaret want I to do it ? grandma annie thank you dear , but let 's keep it we secret . 46 . ext . paxton estate - shoreline - day snow cap mountain watch 20 men in short sleeve hit golf ball into the ocean . Green pontoon raft bob in the water , make up to look like golf green . golf ball be stack in pyramid formation at every hit area . Richard come down from the house to join the group . geoffrey joke with mr. maguire ( 60' , good nature ) as they hit ball . geoffrey ... yeah , Debbie find this eco-ball that dissolve in the water . maguire how do she come up with this shit ? geoffrey she just do . I stop try to figure out how . geoffrey and Mr. Maguire see Richard come they way . Mr. Maguire yell at Richard like the old family friend he be . maguire ( joking ) I be mad at you , son ! richard why 's that , Mr. Maguire ? maguire you fly up here and do not call I ? richard sorry ‘bout that . maguire what good be I own a airline if I can not give you free ticket ? richard you be right . do not know what I be think ... maguire damn , straight . do not let it happen again ! ( hand Richard a golf club ) here , you take over . this game be for pussy , I be get a drink . Mr. Maguire leave , and Richard and geoffrey be leave alone with one another for the first time . thing be awkward between father and son , and Richard begin hit ball to avoid conversation . geoffrey finally make small talk . 47 . geoffrey Maguire 's step down in January . he 's , uh , hand thing over to matty . Richard give he dad a look . he know where this be go . richard that 's great for they . geoffrey so. how 's work with you ? richard good. busy . you know . geoffrey I do . I do . hey , do I tell you that we be open a little office in Japan ? richard congratulation . geoffrey we be not just a mom and pop operation anymore . we be go global . richard uh-huh . geoffrey stop hit golf ball for a second . he 's be think about this moment for a long time . geoffrey I could really use you help . richard dad. please . I be in New York . Margaret 's in New York . we have job . geoffrey I know . I know . it 's just ... richard ( challenging ) it 's just what ? geoffrey you be only a secretary . this piss Richard off immediately . richard again with the secretary thing ! I have tell you , I be a assistant ! 48 . geoffrey just because you call yourself a " assistant " do not mean you be not really just a secretary . richard well if I be " just a secretary " , why would you want I up here anyway ? sound like you be do great without I . geoffrey it 's not like that and you know it . richard then how be it ? explain it to I . geoffrey look around to see if anyone be listen . geoffrey last week , a man stick he finger up my butt ... richard this man be a doctor ? geoffrey ... and it get I think about you . richard I be not sure this be come out right . geoffrey just shut up for a second , okay ? I want you to have what I build . but I be run out of time to show you thing . richard stop be so dramatic . geoffrey I be not be ... ( take a hard line ) I need you to stop dick around down there and get serious . richard so this be all about what you want ? geoffrey that 's not what I say . richard and I in New York with Margaret ? that be not serious ? 49 . geoffrey one day the woman be the Antichrist , and the next day she 's the love of you life ? how be that serious ? richard thing change , dad . geoffrey ( indignant ) thing change ? richard thing change . geoffrey thing change ? richard yes . thing change . geoffrey thing change . that 's you explanation ? know what I think ? I think you bang you boss and fall in love , that 's what I think . some sorta mommy complex . richard Nice , dad . we gotta have this cosby moment more often . this be great . Richard drop he club and walk back to the house . ext . pioneer bar - day Margaret step outside to have a moment to herself . she 's on a patio overlook the ocean . it be late , but the sun be hang just over the horizon . gertrude they can be a little overwhelming , but they be great people . margaret what ? I be just work on my tan . ( off gertrude 's look ) it 's be a long day . Margaret look inside and see that the party be still raging . gertrude around the solstice they do not watch the clock . pretty much party ‘til they fall over . margaret 50 . gertrude I actually miss it when I be in the state . margaret Chicago , right ? gertrude yeah . since college . margaret and now you be back ? gertrude six month now . call I crazy , but I love it . think I be back for good . margaret really ? I do not know . do not you miss ... gertrude neiman ? Starbucks ? escalator ? Margaret laugh . she like this woman . gertrude ( cont would ) yeah . I miss it . believe I , grow up I never think I would end up divorced and back here teach at my old elementary school . that be always Richard 's plan . margaret for you to get divorced ? gertrude ( smile , remember ) no . I be go to teach , he be go to run he dad 's business . he be like a little old man . have it all work out . margaret be we talk about the same guy ? gertrude what do you mean ? margaret well , Richard 's such a player . gertrude look confuse . margaret ( cont would ) I mean he be a total player . before we start dating . six month ago . gertrude 51 . margaret that surprise you ? gertrude do he ever tell you why we break up ? margaret we do not really talk much about stuff like that . gertrude oh. well I should shut up ... margaret no , no . please . I mean , we be get marry . I want to know this thing . gertrude look down a little embarrassed . gertrude he propose to I . when we be senior . Margaret laugh . margaret I be sorry . I do not mean to ... he propose to you in high school ? gertrude he buy this sweet little ring , and get down on he knee . it be so cute . margaret you must have ... gertrude ... freak out ? oh you bet . I break up with he on the spot . margaret I would hope so . gertrude after get reject the first time , I can not imagine how hard it be for he to get up the courage to ask you . Margaret just smile , feel guilty about lie when gertrude be be so honest with she . gertrude ( cont would ) anyway . the idea that my little old man could be a player ... it 's just not the Richard I know . good thing you be make a honest man of he again . 52 . gertrude toast Margaret and knock back the rest of she beer in one swig . she have a hard time finish it off . gertrude ( cont would ) well I be empty . I be go to go get another . I think I hear ramone wrapping up , let 's get back to the girl . margaret I will be right in . Margaret smile and turn to the ocean . gertrude go inside . then , to herself , Margaret silently whisper . margaret ( cont would ) we be awful people . ext . paxton estate - day thwack ! a axe slam down and split a log in two . hand quickly place another log down and thwack ! we pull back to find Richard play the role of executioner . he 's still mad after talk to he dad , and be take it out on the firewood . rage against the Machine play on he ipod and he 's in he own world . behind he , the girl return to the island on the family yacht . they mood be light , and they chat amongst themselves . Debbie 's mood deflate when she see Richard . debbie ( shout ) Richard ! honey ! be everything ok ? with he back to the girl and the ipod on , Richard do not hear or see the girl . Annie shake she head . something be up . int . paxton estate family room - day geoffrey pet balzac as he watch Sports Center on a sixty inch plasma television . the lady arrive and Annie and Debbie step in front of the tv , block he view . Margaret watch from the door , not sure what be go on . geoffrey Excuse I ? I be watch that . annie why be Richard chopping wood ? debbie and do not play dumb . what do you do ? geoffrey be uncomfortable answer in front of Margaret . 53. geoffrey nothing . I do not do anything ... will you please move . the showdown intensify . Margaret excuse herself . margaret I be so tired . balzac growls when he hear Margaret 's voice . he 's still mad . Margaret just smile . margaret ( cont would ) think I be go to take a shower and clean off ramone 's bubble gum body oil . thanks for a great night . Annie and Debbie smile graciously and wish she good night . once she 's go , they turn they death stare back to geoffrey . he look genuinely unnerve . geoffrey stop look at I like that ! ext . paxton estate - day Richard continue to listen to he ipod , and have work up quite a sweat . he 's stack the last log , take off he soak through shirt , and get a whiff of himself . ew . he stink . int . margaret' room - day Margaret walk into the private bathroom attach to she room and shut the door . we hear she turn on the shower . int . paxton estate family room - day geoffrey defend himself to Debbie and Annie with great conviction . Richard walk right by the fight trio , but do not notice anyone . he continue to listen to he ipod and he attention be focus on the control , as he look for the playlist " song I should not like " and charlene 's hit " I have be to paradise , but I have not be to I . " int . margaret' room - day in the bathroom Margaret turn off the shower , pull back the curtain and reach for a towel . all she find be a miniature unabsorbent decorative hand towel . shit . in the bedroom Richard enter the room smile as charlene sing " ... I have be undress by king and I have see some thing that a woman be not 54 . in the bathroom Margaret 's ear perk up . the bathroom be a disaster because she have drip water everywhere look for a towel . margaret Richard , be that you ? in the bedroom Richard open the armoire next to the bed and pull out a incredibly absorbent egyptian cotton towel . in the bathroom Margaret crack the door open to see what the sound be . Richard be not there , but she see the armoire open and the towel wait for she . how do she miss that ? margaret Richard , be you ... then out of nowhere , balzac ( he follow Richard in ) startles Margaret . balzac yap , yap , yap , yap , yap ! Margaret slip on the wet floor and fall on she ass . her foot kick the door open as she retreat from the vengeful puppy . on the bedroom deck Richard be oblivious as he hang he wet clothes over a rail on the deck attach to the room . he make sure that no one be in the yard , pull down he short , and hang they up as well . in the bathroom nake , wet , and start to get a little piss off , Margaret manage to pull herself up by the toilet . she want a towel badly , but balzac guard the doorway . she try reason . margaret I be sorry bout the eagle . but I save you . balzac will not listen to reason and bark angrily . Margaret grab the ceramic top of the toilet tank to protect herself . on the bedroom deck Richard calmly turn around and see that the bathroom door be open . that 's weird . 55 . in the bathroom Margaret hold the top of the toilet tank like a baseball bat , ready to strike . balzac will not be intimidate , and continue to growl and not let she out of the bathroom . Margaret know that she can not hit a dog , and look for another way out . then she spot the bathroom mat . in the bedroom Richard saunter towards the bathroom , wear only he ipod . in the bathroom balzac put a paw onto the bath mat . Margaret slowly put back the toilet top . balzac get to the center of the bath mat , and Margaret pull hard , slide the bath mat and balzac to the back of the bathroom . with balzac out of the way , she run out , close the door behind she and ... in the bedroom wham ! Margaret crash into Richard and they fall to the floor . it take a second for they to realize that they be hold each other buck naked . margaret richard aaaaahhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!! aaaaahhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!! the two quickly separate and spastically try to cover up . a rapid fire back and forth ensue . margaret richard why be you naked ? why be you wet ? margaret richard do not look at I ! you tackle I ! margaret richard it be the dog ! you be blame the dog again ? margaret will you just hand I a towel ! Richard look for a towel , but forget he 's naked . when he look under the bed , Margaret shriek and cover she eye .. margaret ( cont would ) you be flash brain ! Richard quickly change position . out of desperation , he pull the entire comforter off the bed . he throw it Margaret 's way , and she wrap herself in it . 56 . margaret ( cont would ) you can cover up any time ! Richard cup the bean and frank and back up to he clothes by the window . margaret ( cont would ) explain yourself ! richard I do not know you be home ! I be outside chopping wood ! margaret you do not hear I ? richard I have my ipod on ! ( confuse ) why do you jump I ? Richard reach he clothes and pull on he short . margaret I do not jump you . ( off Richard 's look ) I do not mean to jump you . I do not know you be here . richard you do not see I ? margaret I be run from the dog ! Richard look at Margaret suspiciously . richard wait . be you tryin ' to seduce I ? margaret oh please ! do not flatter yourself . richard mmm-hmmm . margaret go take a shower . you stink . richard Fine . but do not come sneaking in there . you be still my boss . that would be sexual harassment . 57 . Richard go to the bathroom and shut the door . Margaret take a breath , but be startle when the door suddenly open back up again . Richard have balzac cradle in he arm and scratch he neck . he gently put he outside they room . richard ( cont would ) there you go , buddy . go on and play before she make a coat out of you . Richard shut the door and go into the bathroom . without look back , Richard get the final shot . richard ( cont would ) puppy hater . later Richard grab all the pillow , cushion and blanket he can find to create himself makeshift bed on the floor . Margaret turn out the light , leave the room still bright with the sun still shine outside . she get into she bed . margaret I be never gonna to get to sleep . Richard push a button and motorize metal blind come down outside the window . the sunlight be instantly block out and the room be pitch black . margaret ( cont would ) oh. well . thanks . Richard settles into he pathetic excuse for a bed . the two silently lie awake and stare at the dark ceiling . richard it be kinda weird see you naked . margaret can we not talk about this ? richard I be just say . it be weird . margaret it be not weird . richard how be that not weird ? margaret because we be ... like teammate . richard we be like teammate ? 58 . margaret we be teammate . and teammate see each other naked in the locker room . all the time . it 's not a big deal . richard well , if we be teammate can I sleep in the bed ? margaret good night , Richard . the two lay awake in silence for another beat . richard Margaret ? margaret yes ? richard do not take this the wrong way . margaret okay ... richard you be a very beautiful woman . Margaret smile with she head turn away from Richard . margaret get some sleep Richard , big day tomorrow . int . paxton estate - office - day not a creature be stir , except for geoffrey who creep into he office . he shut the door softly and go to he gigantic oak desk . he find a phone number with a New York City area code on a piece of paper . he dial . geoffrey yes . Mr. gilbertson ? my name be geoffrey paxton ... only the animal trophy that adorn geoffrey 's office hear the rest of the conversation . int . margaret' room - day Margaret wake up . she look over to Richard asleep on the floor with a blanket and a pillow . she stare maybe a beat too long , before there be a knock on the door . margaret who be it ? 59 . debbie ( o.s. ) it 's I dear . I make you two breakfast in bed . can I come in ? margaret ( stalling ) uh , sure . just a second . Margaret can not yell at Richard , so she throw a model wooden sailboat to wake he up . she hit he in the head . richard what the ... margaret ( mouthing ) you mother . Richard jump up and replace cushion and hide sign of he makeshift bed . he finish quickly , hop in the bed , and put he arm around Margaret . richard come on in mom ! Debbie enter with a tray of pastry , fruit and coffee . richard ( cont would ) ah mom , you make you cinnamon roll . debbie well , it 's you special day . Debbie smile , put down the tray on a bedside table and sit on the edge of the bed . she be buzzing with excitement . debbie ( cont would ) you two need you energy , so eat up . we have get you dress fitting , have to get the house ready , and then you wedding . richard I gotta run into town to get Margaret a new phone . debbie will you pick up some champagne while you be there ? richard no problem . debbie and do not be go for too long . lot of work to be do ! 60 . margaret you do not have to go to all this trouble . really . Debbie sweetly look back at Margaret . debbie do not be silly . this be the biggest day of you life . you be come into this family , and when it 's family , it 's no trouble . if you parent be with we , they would do the exact same . Debbie leave and Margaret smile as the door close . Richard jump out of bed and go to the food . margaret ( touched ) you mom be just so sweet . I have not have someone make I breakfast in bed since I be a little kid . Richard take a huge bite of cinnamon roll . richard ( mouth full ) I wish she have not . I mean she almost catch we . damn , that be close . like a pig in shit , Richard continue to dig in and do not pay attention to Margaret . margaret you just take all this for grant ? you family , this house ... Richard take another big bite and turn to Margaret . richard ( mouth full ) I be sorry , what ? you gotta try this . Margaret look at Richard with disgust . margaret why be you do this to they ? richard huh ? margaret why be I here ? you do not have to bring I here . richard you make I bring you here ! you tell I I 61 . margaret I do not make you do anything . you could of say no . richard and what ? start over at the bottom again ? no way . margaret I get why a not rich person would do this . but you have get everything . it do not make any sense . richard know what ? this be none of you business . margaret I wish it be not my business . but unfortunately , it have become my business , because I make a deal with someone I think I could trust . Richard stare at Margaret for a beat . he 's exasperate . richard you wanna know why you be here ? I will show you why you be here . margaret Fine . richard we leave in a half hour . margaret I will be ready in 20 minute . Margaret angrily take a bite of a cinnamon roll and slam it down on the plate . she go to she suitcase and look for clothes . a beat pass , and she come back to the roll . margaret ( cont would ) this be really good . she take a cinnamon roll and leave . ext . paxton dock - day Richard and Margaret board the yacht . they wear athletic clothes and run shoe . ext . boat - day Richard drive the yacht and Margaret sit by herself . 62 . ext . paxton seafood pier - day Richard dock the boat at the paxton seafood pier . locate in the town 's harbor , the pack plant consist of three large warehouse , and buzze with activity . fishing boat line the pier , unload they fish , and forklift take the fish to be process . everything be clean and organize . Richard and Margaret walk down the pier . he point to the seal that swim everywhere and eat fish scrap . damn , they be cute . Richard wave hello to worker . a elderly phillipino man , bek bek , yell at they as he walk into a warehouse . bek bek hey , Richard ! that the lucky lady ? richard yes sir , it be ! bek bek ( to Margaret ) you look much young than everyone say . margaret that 's great to hear . richard see ya on the line , bek bek . int . locker room - day Richard open a locker and point . we do not see at what . richard put this on . I will meet you outside . margaret but I do not ... richard ah . put it on . ext . locker room - day Margaret open the door with a sour look on she face . she 's wear large green hip wader with suspender , rubber fishing boot , and glove . margaret be this really necessary ? richard you will thank I later . Richard walk towards the warehouse . Margaret follow in she 63. int . slime line - day Inside one of the brightly light warehouse , worker at different station process the fish that come off the boat . at the top of the line , bek bek be handcuffed to the head decapitator machine . he happily feed whole salmon into a guillotine , where the head be chop off . he awkwardly wave when he see Margaret and Richard . margaret why be he handcuff to the machine ? richard so he hand do not go too far . so he do not ... Richard make a chopping motion . Margaret wince . margaret Nice . from the decapitator , fish be feed into the gut puller , where they belly be slit and the intestine be pull out . margaret ( cont would ) you know , I should not be here . I be a vegetarian for six month in college . Richard lead Margaret to the end of slime line , where a long line of 20 worker give the fish a final clean before they be freeze . with great speed , they take the fish from the gut puller line and clean out all the leave over intestine . worker there he be ! Big city boy come to show we how its do . richard ah , it 's be a while . worker c'mon . show she how we do it . richard okay , okay . Richard and Margaret go to the end of the line . Richard expertly demonstrate with a knife . richard ( cont would ) you grab a fish , but be gentle , cause you do not want to bruise it . open she up , tilt the knife , and then pull with the grain of the fish . two quick stoke to clear the organ attach to the spine . 64 . Margaret look nauseous . Richard enjoy she discomfort . richard ( cont would ) then use the tip of the knife to squeeze the blood out of the vein . then send she down the line . Richard gut another fish with precision and speed before offer a knife to Margaret . richard ( cont would ) wanna try it ? Margaret do not say anything . all the other worker watch . richard ( cont would ) if it 's too gross for you ... margaret gimme that . up to the challenge , she take the knife and grab a fish . Margaret put the knife in and keep as much distance as possible between she and the salmon . richard I do this for five summer . dad want I to earn my stripe before I take over . margaret be that why you be still piss at he ? richard Nah , I love it here . margaret ( be : fish gut ) you love this ? richard the slime line ? Hell no . nobody love the slime line . I love this place . the people . grow up , run this place be all I want . Margaret scrape a huge glop of gut out of a fish . margaret ( disgust ) you want this ? richard I want to run this place . it be comfortable here . it be what I know . ( be : fish ) do not forget the spine . 65 . margaret I be not gonna forget . Margaret squeeze the blood out of the vein , send the fish on its way , and grab another fish with more confidence . richard but then thing change . and it be not so comfortable anymore . margaret what kind of thing change ? richard stuff . margaret ( as if she do not know ) you mean , like , gertrude ? richard yeah ... Richard stop , he can tell Margaret know something . richard ( cont would ) oh my god . she tell you do not she ? margaret ( innocent ) told I what ? Richard be embarrassed . he turn away . richard about the ... you know . margaret the creepy teenage proposal ? richard ah , shit ! margaret you be a freak by the way . richard ok , get it all out . margaret and she be right to break up with you . richard you do ? Margaret nod yes . 66 . richard ( cont would ) I know now that it be the right thing , but it screw I up for a little while . margaret for a little while ? do not sell yourself short . richard when gert crush my heart into little piece , a life up here do not seem so great anymore . margaret so you move to the open arm of New York City ? richard at first it be about get as far away from this place as possible , but then I fall in love with it . margaret with schedule my pilate ? richard with editing . see , as a only kid I would always read a lot , but until I work for you I do not love it . I mean , when I realize that we could find the next cuckoo 's nest , or catch 22 , or ... margaret ( with reverence ) ... to kill a mockingbird . it 's all about to kill a mockingbird . richard exactly ! we could find the next to kill a mockingbird . God damn , how great be that ? Margaret smile . she never know that Richard have this kind of passion for the job . richard ( cont would ) so when I tell my folk that I want to spend my life find book ? my dad go ape shit . " how dare you forsake you family ... you will come crawl back to we ... you be nothing without we help . " I leave that night and we do not talk for a year . have not be back here since . margaret so we be " get marry " so you can give daddy the finger ? 67 . richard no. Margaret give Richard a disbely look . richard ( cont would ) sorta . ok , yes . come back here with you ... I get the promotion and I get to show off . you be editor in chief . you make a good prop . margaret ( smiling ) I guess that 's a compliment . richard so now you know I be a petty asshole . be I trustworthy again ? margaret oh yeah , we be good . by the way , you be more screw up than I be , paxton . richard yeah . thanks . margaret one more question ... richard yes , everyone at work think you be a lesbian . margaret that be not my question . richard I know . just lash out . Margaret smile . margaret can we stop gut fish ? I need my phone . int . sitka general store - day Richard and Margaret enter the well appoint general store , fill with food , booze and electronics . a mini Wal Mart . richard hey ramone . ramone hey Richard . hola mis amo . Margaret recognize ramone , the male dancer from last night . 68 . margaret ( embarrassed ) hey . they walk a few step , and before Margaret can say a word . margaret ( cont would ) you know he ? richard he be my shop teacher . margaret of course he be . how many people be on this island ? they start to fill they cart with case of champagne . richard like eight thousand ? depend on the time of the year . margaret feel smaller . with the cart full they head to the checkout . richard ( to ramone ) you get the phone I call about ? ramone charge up , ready to go , number change . ramone throw Richard a phone . richard thanks , ramone . ramone no problem . ramone give Margaret a flirty wave . she awkwardly wave back . Richard push the cart out the front door and do not pay . Margaret be confuse . ext . sitka general store - day - continuous Richard keep push the cart , Margaret catch up . margaret why 's ramone let you steal he stuff ? richard it 's we stuff . 69 . Richard point to the " paxton General store " sign . margaret that must have be handy in High School . richard you have no idea . margaret should you leave the cart ? richard it 's we cart . I do not know you be such a prude . margaret I have come to realize that be my assistant give you more access to my life than I ever imagine , but there be a few thing you do not know about I . richard I doubt it . when I start , you be still wear that ugg boot thing . margaret ( deadly serious ) I tell you never to talk about that . richard I be just say it 's be a long time . I know it all . Margaret turn on she new phone . it search for a signal . margaret ( up to the challenge ) do you know I take disco lesson in the sixth grade ? richard where ? margaret the y. richard Margaret 1 , Richard 0. margaret uh , my first concert be Kool and the gang . richard at woodstock ? 70 . margaret I win ticket on the radio and see they at the fair . richard what would they sing again ? margaret you know . ( singing ) cherish the love we have , we should cherish the life we live ... Richard shake he head . margaret ( cont would ) well they be good . richard you have a lot of soul there , Canada . margaret I really like " the o.c . " . not fake , ha , ha be not it funny I like this trash . I really like it . richard wow . I be get shut out here . margaret allergic to pine nut . richard knew that . margaret afraid of penguin . richard huh . margaret have not sleep with a man in a year and a half . richard Holy shit ! you be a lesbian ! a mother walk by with she 7 year old give Richard a nasty look . richard ( cont would ) ( to mother ) my bad . the mother walk on . Margaret be mortify and walk faster . 71 . margaret Kool and the gang get nothing , but that get a Holy shit ? I have be busy ! richard that 's a really long time . margaret that hurt come from Mr. Magic pant . richard I know it have be slow go , but I figure there be a booty call in there somewhere . margaret yeah , well , I be not good at that . richard I find that hard to believe . margaret no , not that . I be great at that . ace . top notch . richard I will have to take you word for it . margaret yes . you will . richard how , exactly , do you define top notch ? Margaret be smile as she listen to a message on she phone . in a instant , she 's all business . margaret I need a computer and the internet . now . int . fisherman' net internet cafe - day design to attract tourist , the fisherman 's Net be awash in bad nautical prop and fishing gear . a bored teenage clerk in a pirate outfit greet Margaret and Richard . pirate aye lassie , welcome to the cyber seas . we t- 1 line be faster than a clipper ship in a hurricane , but for now ye be need to scrawl you mark on this sign up sheet . Margaret look and see that all the computer be take . 72 . margaret no , no , no . I need on now . I have get a booker prize win author demand I send he a e-mail in the next forty five minute explain why he should stay with a publishing house that " make " he do publicity . the pirate look at Margaret like she 's speak chinese . pirate arrgh ... margaret listen to I asshole ... the pirate look around to make sure he boss can not hear . pirate look lady . you gonna put you name down on the list or not ? Margaret be about to throttle the pirate , when Richard pull she back . richard c'mon . I get a idea . Richard lead Margaret to the door . as they be leave Margaret shout out . margaret I do not know there be a lot of pirate in Alaska ! int . baranoff elementary school - office - day Margaret sit at a computer , furiously open she e-mail . Richard have bring she to he elementary school , where he and he old principal , mrs . whiting , stand over Margaret . mrs . whiting I be so excited about the wedding ! richard thanks for let we use you computer . mrs . whiting no problem . ( to Margaret ) so what flower be you go with ? Margaret turn around annoyed , but manage to keep she cool . margaret I be sorry , but could I have a minute alone 73. mrs . whiting oh. sure . richard show I around will you Mrs. white ? it 's be year . int . baranoff elementary school - hall - day Richard and Mrs. white walk around the elementary school . mrs . whiting do you think she will be long ? I have get work to do . richard she will be out of there in two shake . out of the corner of he eye , Richard catch gertrude teach a class of second grader . he stop transfix . mrs . whiting ( be : gertrude ) we be so lucky to have she . Mr. megher really leave we shorthand when he run off in the middle of the school year . he 's live out in the forest now with he wolf . full time . Richard have not hear anything that Mrs. white have say . he 's hypnotize by gertrude . she look happy teach this kid , and they hang on she every word . mrs . whiting ( cont would ) will you excuse I ? the bell be about to ring , I need to get ready for recess . richard ( not pay attention ) uh , sure . Mrs. white leave . Richard go to the door and gertrude see he . good lord can that woman smile . she wave he in . inside the classroom the kid all turn to see Richard when he open the door . gertrude class , this be my old friend Richard . CLASS ( all together ) hi Richard ! 74 . gertrude Richard and I use to be in this very same classroom together . we even have you old teacher , Mr. megher . child # 1 Mr. megher smell like farty egg ! the class giggle . gertrude that 's not a nice thing to say , Patrick . the bell ring . one girl get up . gertrude eyeball she . gertrude ( cont would ) marcia ? child # 2 sorry . the child sit back down . gertrude wait a beat . gertrude ok , everyone be excuse for recess . all the kid pop up and head to the door . Mrs. white direct traffic outside . Richard make he way to gertrude . richard Patrick 's right . he do smell like egg . gertrude it 's still not a nice thing to say . and actually , Mr. megher smell like wet dog and ... ( make smoking pot motion ) ... matanuska thunderfuck . but let 's keep that between we . int . baranoff elementary school - office - day Margaret read over she e-mail to Frank . margaret ( reading ) I give you my word as a editor and a friend ... the door open suddenly , and Margaret shout . margaret ( cont would ) ( stern ) five more minute ! please ! 75 . Margaret turn to find a pig tailed girl in the doorway . terrify . she shriek and run off . Margaret want to apologize , but need to keep work . margaret ( cont would ) ( weakly ) sorry . int . baranoff elementary school - classroom - day gertrude and Richard wipe down the chalk board together . they be very comfortable together and have a easy rapport . richard remember when Mr. megher make we do this after school for a week ? gertrude that be you fault . richard be not ! gertrude you try to kiss I . a girl have to defend herself . richard c'mon ! ( Tom Cruise ala top gun ) I have the shot . I take it . gertrude roll she eye . she 's hear this a hundred time . gertrude no top gun. please . richard what ? you love my top gun . gertrude no . you love you top gun . I just smile and laugh like a good girlfriend . richard that 's right . Ice ... man . I be dangerous . Richard click he tooth together , try to mimic Tom Cruise . gertrude be not impressed . gertrude ( laughing ) really . stop. richard that cut deep . I will have you know that 76 . talk of Margaret immediately shut gertrude down . richard ( cont would ) ( notice she change in mood ) uh , be something wrong ? gertrude no. nothing 's wrong . richard it 's be awhile , but I can still tell when something 's wrong with you . gertrude do not want to say anything . richard ( cont would ) what be it ? you know I hate it when you get all quiet . gertrude I wish there be a better way to say this . richard better way to say what ? gertrude I make a huge mistake . with you . break up with you . I be sorry . richard be you apologize for high school ? gertrude yes . richard oh , thank God . I think this be like , something big . gertrude this be something big . richard I coulda use this about five year ago , but I be all good now , promise . thank you for say that , though . gertrude see that Richard be not get she point . she pull herself together . gertrude I think ... ( look down ) I want you back . richard 77 . gertrude ( more to herself ) oh God , he 's make I say it again . ( look at Richard ) I want you back . like ... we should be together . all the time . richard whoa , whoa , whoa . Rewind . gertrude I know this be not the best time to bring this up . richard ( rhetorical ) my wedding day be not the best time for you to bring up the idea of we dating ? Richard 's reaction sting , and gertrude begin to well up . bring this up be very hard for she . gertrude I be not talk about dating ! you should move back here . we can have the life you always talk about in High School . I be ready for that now . richard why be you do this ? gertrude I know that the timing here suck . but we be mean to be together . I know it . I think you know it too ... richard no , I do not . I do not know it . Richard begin to pace . not sure what to say . every time he open he mouth , he can not find the word . then , from the door , a interruption . margaret hey guy . Holy shit . do Margaret hear anything ? her face give nothing away . gertrude and Richard act like nothing just happen , but look guilty as hell . gertrude oh. hey Margaret . richard uh , you all do ? 78 . margaret yeah . we will see what he say . richard great . great . margaret you ready to get back to the house ? richard uh. yeah . uh-huh . margaret well let 's go . see you at the wedding , gertrude . gertrude just smile . gertrude yeah . see you at the wedding . ext . paxton dock - day Richard and Margaret unload champagne . Richard be still think about gertrude and want to be alone . margaret so , what do you and gertrude talk about ? Richard lie . richard nothing . about she school . the kid and stuff . apparently my second grade teacher be a pot head . margaret that be it ? I be go for awhile ... richard ( cut she off ) yeah . that be it . you know , I can do this . you should really go try on the dress for my mom . margaret I be go to go for a run first , it 's be three day since I get out , I be feel crazy . richard ( could care less ) whatever . Margaret be not accustom to Richard talk to she this way , but do not push it . 79 . ext . paxton trail - day Margaret run at a fast pace deep in the wood . she 's run hard , mutter to herself , and work out the aggression she 's accumulate over the last thirty six hour . she 's lose in she own world , until she see smoke , and slow to a stop . margaret what now ? Margaret follow the smoke , and hear a mysterious drumbeat . she soon discover a tremendous bonfire by the water , and a shaman dance around it . he be dress in a loin cloth , and wear a carve bear 's head mask and tribal make up . his belly shake as he spastically move around the fire . the shaman sing a song that sound century old . shaman yai ... takuju magaluam ut uksu lingm ik pifiksailiriju m 1 k tuakjuk qangani takujumagaluam ut qangalan uarm . Margaret hide behind a tree and stare at this man in a trance . he begin to yell at the fire and scream at the top of he lung . exhausted , he stop and catch he breath . he yell out again . shaman ( cont would ) Margaret , welcome ! she look around . maybe another Margaret be in the vicinity . shaman ( cont would ) come to I , Margaret of New York . nope , that 's she . she carefully step out into the clear . shaman ( cont would ) it be I , father paxton . sure enough , geoffrey be beneath all the make -up . margaret what , ah , be you do ? geoffrey my shaman Kevin tell I to get out here and clear my head . as you know , thing have be a little crazy around here . you should join I . margaret ya know , I have get to get back . geoffrey you close minded southerner amuse I . never willing to leave the nest and try 80 . margaret I be a big fan of the nest . geoffrey throw sand into the fire and it blaze higher . geoffrey dance with I ! you besmirch my way if you deny my circle . worried she 's go to really piss he off , Margaret relent . margaret ok , ok . I " accept you circle . " geoffrey smile and throw more sand into the fire . geoffrey clear you mind and follow I . geoffrey begin dance slowly , contort he body . Margaret follow , always a half step behind , and can not get into it . after a few moment , Margaret stop . margaret I be gonna head back . geoffrey we be not do . margaret I think I be . Margaret begin to leave . geoffrey call after she . geoffrey Margaret ? Margaret stop and turn around . geoffrey ( cont would ) I be sorry we get off on the wrong foot . but I be make a effort here . do not leave now . much to she chagrin , Margaret stay . geoffrey be pleased . geoffrey ( cont would ) thank you . ( switch gear ) yai ... takuju magaluam ut uksu lingm ik pifiksailiriju m 1 k ... geoffrey throw more sand on the fire to make it go higher and speed up the dance . Margaret be get better , but it be still painfully awkward . 81 . geoffrey ( cont would ) ... tuakjuk qangani takujumagaluam ut qangalan uarm . geoffrey speed up the dance . geoffrey ( cont would ) now you . margaret I what ? geoffrey chant . margaret chant what ? geoffrey whatever come out , just chant . it be the way . you will feel better . margaret I can not ... geoffrey Close you eye . chant. Margaret and geoffrey keep dance . Margaret close she eye , but can not figure out what to say . geoffrey ( cont would ) chant ! margaret I do not know any chant ! geoffrey chant ! margaret ( gutteral ) toooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ... look at Margaret , it 's surprising she can make such a low noise . margaret ( cont would ) ...ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ... geoffrey chant ! the drum beat continue . margaret 82 . they continue to dance , Margaret be get into it . margaret ( cont would ) ...to the wall ... more sand . more fire . margaret ( cont would ) ...to sweat drop down my ball ... geoffrey stop dance . what do she say ? margaret ( cont would ) ...to all this bitch crawl ... Margaret 's eye be close , she do not realize that she 's break out into a ‘ lil John song . she continue to dance . margaret ( cont would ) ... to all skee skee motherfucker ... geoffrey take the bear head mask off . margaret ( cont would ) ... all skee skee get damn ... from the tree , the moment be break when Debbie shout out . debbie geoffrey ! Margaret stop chant ‘ lil John . geoffrey oh Debbie , I do not do anything . Margaret see Debbie and grandma Annie in the clear . grandma annie be she sing about ball ? margaret he tell I I have to chant ! grandma annie oh , you poor dear . geoffrey , you can not do this ! ( to Margaret ) he 's a eighth tlingit , dear . debbie he do this to keep in touch with " he people " . 83. geoffrey do not make fun of my heritage ! and it be help . do not you feel better ? I feel better . debbie come on sweetie , we need to get you clean up . you have get a dress to try on . and geoffrey , put that fire out and come in and help we with this wedding . geoffrey turn off the boom box that be hide in the tree and the drum beat stop . geoffrey Fine . with a fire extinguisher , the bonfire come to a end . int . paxton master bedroom - day Debbie and Annie wait outside a bathroom door in a massive master bedroom . they talk to Margaret through the door . debbie I be so excited . be not you excited ? grandma annie this be my dress from 1929 . my mother make it by hand . amazing how thing come back into style . how do it fit ? Margaret speak through the door . margaret ( o.s. ) just buttone up here . grandma annie drum roll ! grandma and Debbie enthusiastically make drum roll sound . Margaret open the door and smile . she 's unsure of herself , but look fantastic . the dress fit great , except ... grandma annie ( cont would ) you boob be bigger than mine ever be . margaret yeah , it 's a little snug . debbie come over here . Debbie lead Margaret to a mirror . grandma Annie follow . 84 . margaret ( admitting ) it 's a lovely dress . Debbie look at Margaret , and spontaneously begin cry . debbie ( through the tear ) you be so beautiful , and such a great match for my Richard . I know I have just meet you , but a mother can tell . when he look at you , I can tell he 's in love . I be so happy I get to share you day . grandma annie Debbie , please . we have get work to do . debbie you be right . Debbie collect herself , then start cry again . grandma annie you go work downstairs , I will finish this . Debbie try to calm down , but can not . grandma annie ( cont would ) go! Debbie nod in agreement . smiling from ear to ear , she leave in tear . Margaret and Annie watch she go . grandma annie ( cont would ) have to get rid of she before I give you this . do not think she woulda recover . grandma Annie come from behind and put she arm around Margaret 's neck . when she be do , a stun blue necklace lay on Margaret 's neck . grandma annie ( cont would ) you need something blue . it 's silly , but I do not want to take any chance . margaret it 's beautiful . grandma annie it 's hematite . Alaska diamond . the blue one like this be very rare . my great grandfather give it to my great grandmother when they be marry . they be quite a scandal , you know . he be Russian and she be tlingit . ( more ) 85 . grandma annie ( cont would ) back then , you have to get approval from every person in the tribe before you get marry . it almost break they up . margaret how would they stay together ? grandma annie do not know . but I be sure happy they do , none of we would be here if they have not . grandma and Margaret admire the necklace in the mirror . grandma annie ( cont would ) I want you to have it . this be awful news for Margaret . she might as well be steal from Annie . margaret no , no , no . I can not . really . grandma annie I do not want to hear it . it 's yours . grandmother like to give they stuff away to they grandchild . make we feel like we will always be a part of you life , even after we be go . take it . Margaret put she hand to the necklace , and for the first time feel like a complete and total fraud . grandma annie ( cont would ) be you feel all right , dear ? Margaret do not speak . Annie patiently wait for she reply . margaret well . thing be ... Margaret deliberate spilling she gut to Annie , but can not . margaret ( cont would ) ... the dress be just a little tight . grandma annie oh , do not worry about that . we have get this seam by the arm , this will be easy . Annie mark up the dress with tailor 's chalk . grandma annie ( cont would ) we can fix this no problem . Margaret smile , but know that Annie could not be more wrong . 86 . ext . paxton estate - day Richard help worker build a stage for the band . he 's still in a foul mood when Margaret interrupt in a panic . margaret we need to talk . richard I be a little busy . margaret well I be freaking out . I need to get away from here . from everyone . now . richard go for another run . margaret no ! I do that . it do not help . richard I be a little tired of you make demand and I just jump ... margaret ( be : wedding stuff ) we be not go to need any of this if I do not get out of here . richard ok , high maintenance . let 's go . ext . paxton speed boat - day unlike the bulky yacht , this boat be build for speed and maneuverability . Richard start she up . margaret move over , I be drive . Margaret cut in front of Richard and grab the wheel . richard you do not know where we be go . Margaret open up the throttle and they be off . margaret it do not matter . on the OPEN ocean Margaret and Richard leave everyone behind and take off for the horizon . 87 . as they jet up the coast away from civilization , the green tree , blue water and wildlife ( bear , puffin , moose ) that inhabit the coastline have a calming effect on both of they . in Alaska , it do not take long to leave humanity behind . eventually , the boat travel through a channel with steep mountain wall on either side . although it be still warm out , a icy beach can be see straight ahead . margaret ( cont would ) where be we ? richard the north pole . congratulation , we make it . ( off Margaret 's look ) it 's a glacier . Tracy 's Arm . you better let I take it from here . margaret I be fine . richard oh. ok . so like I , you have navigate a lot of glacier field ? and not die ? Margaret reluctantly move aside and let Richard steer . richard ( cont would ) Lady , you have get issue . margaret yeah . I be a control freak . Fine . richard it do not stop there . margaret this come from the sociopath . richard oh , please . margaret I would never bring I here . richard you drive ! margaret I mean to Alaska . richard be you kid I ? Richard pull next to the glacier and turn off the engine . 88. margaret you be sick . do this to they . richard I explain to you ... margaret they love you . do you get that ? richard of course . margaret and you be still willing to lie to they ? richard like you do not know . margaret do not know what ? richard that we be go to lie to they . margaret I do not know ! richard well that make you either stupid , or ignorant . margaret you think I be stupid ? richard no , but what 's behind door number two ... margaret ( scream ) I forget ! ok ? I forget ! richard forget what ? margaret what it be like ! richard what what be like ? margaret to have a family ! I forget what it be like to have a family . I have be on my own since I be thirteen , and I would forget what it be like to have people that love you , and make you breakfast , and give you necklace ... 89 . suddenly , Margaret have a hard time speak and be short of breath . she go to the side of the speed boat . margaret ( cont would ) I be go to take a walk . richard we need to head back ... margaret alone . I need alone time . richard what ? Margaret look at Richard with a scared and confuse look . margaret I be , uh , about to lose my shit . Big time . I need a second . richard but ... margaret ( panicked ) stop right there ! Richard put up he hand in surrender and stay put . margaret ( cont would ) I be go to be over there . away from you . just sit down , turn around , and act like you be not here . Richard go to speak , but Margaret motion for he to sit down and turn around . he do . Margaret get off the boat and walk away from he on the glacier . on the glacier Margaret try diaphragmatic breathe to calm down . margaret ( cont would ) ( manic , to herself ) you can do this . couple more hour , and then you will never see this people again . eventually you will write a letter . apologize . send the necklace back . richard ( from the boat ) Margaret ! margaret no talk ! 90 . richard ( from the boat ) watch you step , ok ? it can be dangerous . margaret again , you be not suppose to be ... Margaret do not finish she sentence . on the boat Richard sit with he back turn to Margaret , wait for she reply . he do not hear anything . that 's weird . richard ( back still turn ) Margaret ? Richard turn around and look for Margaret . he do not see she . he get out of the boat and go onto the glacier , walk in the direction he last see Margaret . richard ( cont would ) Margaret ? I know I be break " the rule " here , but where be you ? he take one more step before he hear ... margaret ( o.s. ) ( yelling ) Richard !!!!!!!! help !!!!!!!! Richard still can not see she , but run in the direction of she voice . he soon round a mound of ice and see that -- Margaret 's be swallow by the ice . her upper torso stick out of the glacier , hold up by she arm . her eye be wide , and she 's almost hyperventilate . it 's a bizarre sight . margaret ( cont would ) oh , thank God ! Richard try to control himself , but burst out laughing . Margaret be really scared . margaret ( cont would ) wh - , wh - , why be you laugh ? richard I be sorry . I be sorry . just relax . I will get you out of there . you have break through a ice bridge . it happen all the time . no biggie . margaret do not do that . 91 . richard do not do what ? margaret the thing that doctor do in e.r. when they tell the gunshot victim who be bleed to death that they be go to be ok . do not do that ! richard it 's not like that . really . we do need to be careful here though , I do not want we both to fall in . stay still , ok ? margaret uh-huh . Richard be ten foot away from Margaret now . he 's check the ice to see if it be stable . he slowly walk she way . richard so , I be go to walk up to you and very slowly pull you out . ok ? margaret I be really cold . richard yeah , that 's normal when you be surround by ice . margaret ( make sense ) ok . Richard stand over a stick Margaret , whose head just come up to he knee . he calmly look down on she . richard so I be go to pull you up by you armpit . I be probably go to touch boob . but do not freak out . Margaret shake she head yes . Richard reach down and slowly lift she out of the ice . Margaret do not say a word . richard ( cont would ) when I get you all the way out , I need you to hold onto I . I be go to carry you over there . Margaret nod yes as she put she arm around Richard . he 's strong , so it be not difficult for he to slowly carry she " over the threshold " style , away from the hole in the ice . he speak once they be safe . 92 . richard ( cont would ) I have , uh , never do that before . margaret you say it be " no biggie " . richard yeah . well . you ok ? margaret yeah . I be fine . Richard smile . Margaret smile back . Richard walk very comfortably with she in he arm . she fit just right . Margaret look up to Richard gratefully . margaret ( cont would ) ( smiling ) you should not of laugh at I . richard you woulda laugh at I . margaret yeah . while I be get my camera . the two stare at each other for a beat . there 's a real spark . they might kiss . richard gertrude want I back . whoah . not what she be expect . she look down . margaret and ? richard well . it seem like you be have ... second thought . margaret yeah . I be . richard maybe we should do it . come clean . margaret put I down . Richard put Margaret down near the boat . she try to regain she composure . margaret ( cont would ) you wanna call it off ? 93. richard if you do . margaret Fine . it 's over . we will tell they when we get back . on the boat Margaret sit hunch over with a blanket wrap around she . Richard drive the boat . they do not talk . ext . paxton estate - day Richard and Margaret walk towards the house , which loom above they as they prepare to deliver the news that they be not get marry . the front door open , and geoffrey come outside in a hurry . he 's clearly be wait . geoffrey come with I . richard where 's mom , dad ? we all need to talk . geoffrey not now . c'mon . Richard and Margaret look at each other , not sure what to do . geoffrey storm off and they follow . ext . paxton guesthouse - day Richard , Margaret and geoffrey arrive at the door to the guesthouse . geoffrey stop before they go in . geoffrey ( to Richard ) I have not tell you mother about any of this , and I do not plan to . ( to Margaret ) I be really beginning to like you . sorry about this . geoffrey open the door and go inside . inside the guesthouse the guesthouse have be convert into a squash court . in the middle of the court , a man patiently sit on a metal fold chair . it 's gilbertson . he smile . mr. gilbertson hey there kid . good to see ya ! 94 . richard ( to dad ) what do you do ? geoffrey do not answer . he 's not proud of himself . richard ( cont would ) ( get angry ) what do you do , dad ?! geoffrey I call he yesterday . he tell I that you be lie , and that he be go to catch you . that he be go to send you to prison . mr. gilbertson ( to Richard ) we make a deal and dad here fly I up . now you tell the truth , and get off scott free . it 's like it never happen for you . richard you make a deal with he ? on my behalf ? geoffrey you be make a mistake ... richard that 's none of you business . margaret it 's fine . richard the hell it be . it be not fine ! mr. gilbertson oh quack , quack , quack . just tell I what really happen , and I will be on my way . no one get hurt , we all get what we want . Margaret take Richard 's hand . margaret it 's ok . tell he . richard ( to geoffrey ) you do not get to make this decision . this be my decision . ( to gilbertson ) the truth be ... I have be work for Margaret for three year . six month ago we start dating . I recently ask she to marry I , and she say yes . see you both at 95 . geoffrey what be you do , Richard ? richard ( grab Margaret 's hand ) come on , we gotta get ready . Margaret and Richard storm out of the squash court . ext . paxton estate - day - continuous the couple walk briskly to the house . richard what be I think ? they act like they be nice , but really , they be evil . margaret he 's only do it because he love you . richard be you defend he ? be you defend the king dick ? margaret just stop . think about this . richard oh , I have think about it . and know what I think ? I think you save my life . thank you , Margaret . get marry to you be the best thing that 's ever happen to I . without this , I might have end up back here . up at the house , Debbie open the door . debbie there you be ! you two almost give I a heart attack . c'mon , get dress ! richard come mom ! ( to Margaret ) time to sack up . Richard wink and go inside . Margaret follow , not sure . the wedding montage -- chair be set up outside . -- guest arrive via boat . -- Richard stand on the deck , wear he tuxedo . gertrude arrive for the wedding , and they lock eye . Richard wave hello and mouth " sorry . " he go back inside . 96 . -- geoffrey sit in he bedroom and watch tv . he 's not dress for the wedding yet . Debbie shake she head at he in the mirror as she put on she ear ring . -- gilbertson eat every hor d'oeuvre that 's offer to he . int . margaret' room - day grandma knock on the door and come inside . we see Margaret from head to toe . the dress , veil and flower look amazing . grandma annie if I be one to brag , I would say that dress be perfect . margaret match the shoe . Margaret pull up the dress to reveal run sneaker . grandma annie that will be you best friend . wedding shoe stink . you ready ? ext . paxton estate - day with the ocean in the background , 200 guest sit in white chair . Richard stand under a gazebo , and smile at he mother in the front row . he ignore geoffrey . gertrude sit nearby , next to gilbertson . from the gazebo , Richard nod at a group of cello player , who begin play from download sheet music that read " Kool and the gang , cherish " . head turn with the start of the music , to see Annie walk Margaret down the aisle . when Margaret recognize the song , she smile . margaret ( mouth to Richard ) Nice song . Richard shrug he shoulder . grandma annie be that you song , dear ? margaret I guess so . Margaret and Annie stop at the end of the aisle . look up , Margaret see the justice of the peace , ramone . ( yes , the same guy from the liquor store and the strip club . ) ramone 97 . grandma annie it 's I , ramone . Margaret give Annie a kiss , and then turn to Richard . they whisper while they walk up to ramone . richard you look gorgeous . margaret ( smiling ) you look disgusting . richard so , be this what you dream of when you be a little girl ? margaret oh , you bet . they make it to the gazebo , where ramone await . margaret ( cont would ) ramone . ramone ( quietly ) mi amo . ( to the crowd ) we be gather here today to celebrate one of life 's great moment . to give recognition to the beauty , honesty , and unselfish way ... Margaret look at Richard on the word " unselfish , " but he 's look straight ahead , determine to get through this . ramone ( cont would ) ...of Richard and Margaret 's true love ... " true Love " get Margaret as well , although no one in the audience notice . ramone ( cont would ) ... before they family and friend . " family and Friends " get a reaction out of gertrude and geoffrey . she purse she lip . he hold on to he chair in order to keep himself seat . ramone ( cont would ) for it be family and friend who teach Richard and Margaret to love , so it be only right that family and friend all celebrate that love here today . 98 . ramone ( cont would ) and if there be anyone who have cause why this couple should not be united in marriage and love , they must speak now or forever hold they peace . gilbertson stay quiet . geoffrey take a tug from a flask . ramone be about to continue , but something get he attention . he 's not sure what to do . ramone ( cont would ) mi amo , do you have a question ? we reveal that Margaret have she hand halfway up , eye squinted shut like the new kid in class not sure of herself . margaret no . ramone then why be you hand up ? margaret I have something to say . it 's not a question though . ramone can it wait ‘til after ? margaret uh. um. no. richard what be you do ? Margaret gather herself and turn around to the crowd . they stare back , unsure what to make of this foreigner . margaret hey there , folk . thanks for come out . I have get a little announcement to make about the " wedding . " richard do not do this . Margaret smile and squeeze Richard 's hand . margaret not sure the best way to tell you all this . but , uh ... I make Richard marry I . this be all a sham . gilbertson victoriously pump he fist in the air . 99 . margaret ( cont would ) I be go to get kick out of the country -- so I tell Richard that I would destroy he career if he do not marry I . richard now wait ... margaret Richard . please . let I finish . ( to the paxton family ) Richard want to stop this when we get off the plane , but I would not let he . do not blame he . this be all my fault . ( to ramone ) could you get the band start ? and give this people something to drink . ( to gilbertson ) and you . meet I at you dingy in ten , you be take I to the airport . mr. gilbertson you get it ! Margaret nod , hand Richard the bouquet , and confidently walk back up the aisle with all eye on she . she stop when she get to gertrude and lean down . margaret take care of he . gertrude promise . Margaret walk back into the house . alone . int . margaret' room - day Margaret 's wedding dress be laid out on the bed . her bag be pack . Richard knock and come in . Margaret be on the phone . margaret ( unenthusiastically to phone ) uh-huh . yeah . that 's great Frank . good news . talk to you on Monday . Margaret hang up . richard so Frank 's back in ? Margaret nod distractedly . get Frank to do the publicity tour do not mean much right now . margaret yup . he 's in . for now . 100 . richard maybe this will be you mockingbird ? margaret yeah . right . Margaret start collect she bag . richard great exit back there . margaret thanks . fun weekend . richard same old , same old , around here . margaret be not sure if you mom would want I to strip the sheet , so I just leave they . richard I will let she know . ( beat ) why do you tell they all that ? margaret it be get too messy . we be not go to be able to keep it up . richard do not start lie to I now . Margaret stop for a moment . margaret I hear you and gertrude at the school . I think she mean what she say . she 's a great girl , you should stay . it 's the right thing . you be perfect for each other . richard but ... but what about you ? what be you gonna do ? Margaret want to keep the conversation short . margaret do not worry about I . I will survive . richard so what ? this be it ? margaret yup . this be it . 101 . Margaret walk to the door , but stop . she turn to Richard . despite she best effort to act cold , she can not help herself . margaret ( cont would ) ( sincere ) have a amazing life , ok ? you be a good person . you deserve it . she put out she hand , and Richard shake it . it 's electric , but Margaret deny it . margaret ( cont would ) Goodbye , Richard . ext . paxton estate - day Margaret walk down to the dock carry she suitcase . she can hear that the party be in full swing and smile . ext . boat - day gilbertson drive he little speedboat and Margaret hold she suitcase tight . it 's choppy , and the outboard motor be loud . the two have to yell to talk . mr. gilbertson I want you to say the word . margaret I be not do great in the dignity department , can we not do this right now ? mr. gilbertson say it . Margaret close she eye . hating that it 's come to this . margaret I will publish you book . gilbertson smile . mr. gilbertson now be that so hard ? ext . paxton estate - day Richard sit by himself and finish a beer by the shore . gertrude walk up to he , look fabulous , with two more beer . gertrude so here 's the deal . I be go to have a million question for you tomorrow ... gertrude sit down next to Richard . 102 . gertrude ( cont would ) ... but for now I think we would just sit here and drink beer . ok ? Richard nod . gertrude hand he a beer . richard thanks . Richard thanks she with a kiss on the cheek . then , realize where and who he be with , he put he beer down . he turn to gertrude again with a determine look , give she a kiss on the lip , then follow it up with a even bigger kiss . when they finish , gertrude be grin , eye close . Richard look worried . something be wrong . gertrude you have be practice . richard waddya mean ? gertrude well . Margaret tell I that you , uh , turn into bit of a man whore down there . Richard look down . a bit ashamed . gertrude make light . gertrude ( cont would ) you be gonna have to put that in check if you move back . Cause I and Beth cable be the only two real option up here ... and I will kick that bitch 's ass . Richard give she a polite smile . he 's not really in the mood to joke . gertrude notice . gertrude ( cont would ) so no joke yet ? too soon ? richard I be sorry . I be just a little ... confuse . gertrude that kiss do not seem " confuse . " Richard take a beat to collect himself . richard you be amazing , gert . and I have think about be with you for a long time . a long time . when you say that thing at the school ? I have dream about hearing you say that thing . ( more ) 103 . richard ( cont would ) but as crazy as this seem . I know now ... that we be just not mean to be . gertrude pull back like she 's be punch . richard ( cont would ) thing be ... when I say goodbye to Margaret ? I feel sick . for the three year we work together , I want to be as far away from she as possible . but now that she 's go ? I be just really ... sad . I want she with I . what be that ? the question hang in the air . gertrude I do not know . richard I think I have to find out . gertrude find out what ? richard if she feel the same way . gertrude begin to tear up , but will not let herself cry . gertrude well. ok then . what 's a girl gonna do ? ( voice crack ) I guess you want who you want . gertrude give a melancholy smile . richard I be so sorry . ( beat ) but , I gotta go . gertrude uh-huh . Richard get up . richard be you ok ? gertrude I be fine . really . go. gertrude nod she approval and Richard run off to the party . 104 . ext . paxton estate - party - day Debbie , geoffrey and Annie sit at a table next to the bar , dumbstruck look on they face . ramone mix drink and flip bottle . Richard run up to they all , look excited . geoffrey what be you so God damn happy about ? richard what ? oh. well , I be , uh , go to see Margaret . geoffrey what ?! debbie she violate you . we should report she . richard who you gonna report she to , mom ? debbie oh my God . he 's get the stockholm syndrome . richard I do not have the stockholm syndrome . and she do not violate I . debbie what be go on , Richard ? Richard slow down and explain to he mom . richard I be sorry I lie to you . that be a awful thing to do . but it take this weekend for I to see how funny , and screw up and perfect Margaret be for I . I think she 's ... the one . debbie but you already think she be the one . richard no , I do not . not until she leave . debbie really ? do she think that too ? richard I do not know . I have get to get to the airport to find out . Debbie do not say anything , then break into a smile . 105 . debbie ( so romantic ) he 's go to stop she from leave ! at the airport ! richard but I gotta hurry . her plane leave any second . I might not make it . debbie ( so romantic ) he 's not sure he 's go to make it ! geoffrey be you buy this horse shit ? debbie oh , geoffrey ! richard I do not have time to explain this to you . geoffrey well then make some god -damn time . Cause I will not let you throw you life away for some woman . richard I do not care . geoffrey Excuse I ? richard I do not care . I love you and want you to understand . but I be not ask you permission here . I be do this . geoffrey oh , really ? from behind they , Annie stand up and shout . annie boy ! stop it ! stop it ! stop it ! but suddenly , a look of panic flash across Annie 's face . she grab the table to steady herself , but pull the table cloth , cause a loud crash . geoffrey and Richard run over . geoffrey Mom , be you ok ? annie I be have a ... I need to go to the hospital . fast . 106 . int . plane - day Margaret and gilbertson board the jet together . Margaret find she seat in first class and discover the handsome man from the flight before sit nearby . handsome man ( be : gilbertson ) be this another gay assistant ? Margaret do not say anything and take she seat . ext . paxton estate - day two coast guardsman carry Annie on a gurney to they wait helicopter . geoffrey , Richard , and Debbie follow behind . they all pile into a large chopper and fly off . int . coast guard helicopter - day - continuous a oxygen mask cover Annie 's face . geoffrey hold she hand . Annie motion for geoffrey to come closer and he lean down . geoffrey sit up and shout over the helicopter noise . geoffrey Richard ! she have something she want to say to we ! Richard lean down , and join geoffrey and Annie . they three head be very close together . Annie speak to they both through the oxygen mask . annie listen to I . you two need to stop fight . you will never see eye to eye , but you be family . if this do not stop , one day you will regret it . ( to geoffrey ) promise I you will stand by Richard , even if you do not agree with he . geoffrey I ... I promise . annie and Richard . promise you will work harder to be a part of this family . richard I promise , grandma . annie ok , then . Annie close she eye . she look peaceful . a moment pass . 107 . then suddenly Annie take off she mask , sit up , and yell to th pilot . annie ( cont would ) ( as if nothing happen ) I be feel much better . I do not need to go to the hospital . take we to the airport , please . Richard and geoffrey be confuse . stun even . geoffrey what ... what be go on ? ( so the Coast Guard can not hear ) do you fake a heart attack ? annie we do not have time for you squabbling , and I know a helicopter would be the quick way to the airport . it seem like the best way . richard the best way ? annie and remember , you two promise I that you be go get along . I be not kid about that . coast guard pilot ma'am , I be not authorize to take you to the airport ... annie ( to pilot ) Larry ferris ! do not make I call you mother ! int . plane - day gilbertson talk non-stop . Margaret be in hell . mr. gilbertson ... I want my book launch to be special . I be think we throw a soiree at the nevsky monastery . in St. petersberg ? Margaret stare at he blankly . mr. gilbertson ( cont would ) ( as if she should know ) where dostoyevsky be bury ? hello ? I think you be a professional ... Margaret close she eye to numb the pain . 108 . ext . sitka airport - day the helicopter land , and Richard jump out . his family follow as they run to the control tower . int . airport tower - day chuck have a easy job . jet fly into sitka , but there be only about six flight a day . he be half awake as he radio Margaret 's flight . reggae music play in the background . chuck Flight 1601 , you be clear for takeoff . pilot ( o.s. ) Roger that , Chuck . the phone ring in the tower . Chuck pick up . intercut as necessary , with Richard run on a cell phone . chuck Tower . talk to I . richard hey Chuck , it 's Richard . chuck hey man . Heard about you lady bail . how often do this happen to you ? richard need you to do I a solid , brother . I gotta see my girl and she 's on that flight . could you stop it for I ? chuck no can do brohan . need a good reason for the faa hole . lose my jobby job if I deliver that favor . richard oh , c'mon Chuck ! int . plane - day the plane rattles as it gain speed for takeoff . Margaret study the safety pamphlet , try to ignore gilbertson . mr. gilbertson ... so next topic . celebrity . let 's invite the Bill Clinton 's and leave out the Paris hilton' , ok ? gilbertson smile as he look out the window and see the plane leave sitka . 109 . ext . tower - day Richard and he family stand outside the tower and watch Margaret 's plane take off . richard well . that 's it . once she get back to New York , it will be like this never happen . Richard look defeat . geoffrey see how sad he son be , and take a deep breath . geoffrey so , you know I think you should not be with Margaret , right ? richard you have make that crystal clear . geoffrey good. ( look at Annie ) well , consider this I keep my promise . geoffrey pull out he cell phone and hit a button . he wait for a answer . geoffrey ( cont would ) ( to phone ) hey ! Maguire ! yeah , yeah , yeah , she run out be something . but that 's what I be call about . I have get a favor to ask you , ‘bout one of you plane ... int . plane - day gilbertson continue to talk . Margaret be in a stupor . mr. gilbertson ... you know that two hundred page I take out ? I be go to put they back ... a flight attendant come to Margaret and interrupt . flight attendant Ms. Mills ? would you come with I ? Margaret be excited to get away from gilbertson . margaret yes , of course . she unbuckle she seat belt , about to get out of she seat . mr. gilbertson what 's this about ? 110 . flight attendant ( never do this before ) there 's someone on the radio for you . the flight attendant point to the Flight attendant cb locate at the front of the plane , outside the cockpit . flight attendant ( cont would ) uh , a Richard paxton ? Margaret shake she head and re-buckle she seat belt . margaret tell he I be not here . CUT to : int . tower - day Richard and he family be huddle around the radio in the tower . Chuck sit nearby . flight attendant ( o.s. ) ( from radio ) I be sorry . she will not come talk to you . richard shit ! she 's never go to pick up ... chuck ( to Richard ) know what , home slice ? cut this chica loose . you remember Beth cable ? she would totally be into you ... suddenly , Richard have a idea . he pick up the hand mic . richard Excuse I miss Flight attendant , could you ask the captain to do I one more favor ... CUT to : int . plane - day ding ! the captain come on over the loudspeaker . captain ( over plane loudspeaker ) welcome to flight 1601 to Seattle , this be you captain . we have reach we cruise altitude of 30,000 foot . Flight time will be three hour and thirty minute . and Margaret ? Richard have something he would like to say to you . 111 . richard ( o.s. ) ( over loudspeaker ) uh , hey Margaret . and cause I be on the loudspeaker , hey everyone on the plane . the other passenger look around to try and figure out who 's Margaret . meanwhile , Margaret look down and act like she do not know either . richard ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) ( over loudspeaker ) this certainly be not how I want to do this . I mean , I be not really into the whole bare you soul in front of stranger thing , but I figure it 's now or never . so here go . CUT to : int . tower - day Richard put down the hand mic for a second to gain composure . his family encourage he on . chuck you be do great , man . Richard push the button down on the hand mike . richard I know you be use to be on you own . and that you be comfortable with you life the way it be . and that in a million year you would not have think that we should be together . I know , because I feel the exact same way . CUT to : int . plane - day every passenger be enrapture by the word come out of the loudspeaker . the flight attendant , the handsome man , everyone . richard ( o.s. ) ( over loudspeaker ) and you know what else I know ? I know that I be tired of be alone . and I think you be tired of be alone too . so come on . talk to I . please . the handsome man turn to Margaret . handsome man ( with genuine concern ) do you really feel like you be alone ? 112 . margaret oh , good lord . CUT to : int . tower - day Richard and he family stare at the radio , wait to see if there be go to be a answer . Chuck cross he finger . margaret ( o.s. ) ( from radio ) what the hell be you do ? everyone in the tower smile . they be make progress . richard we need to talk . ( intercut as necessary . Margaret stand at the front of the plane with the passenger watch . ) margaret about what ? richard have you ever think there might be a reason we have be together for the last three year ? margaret as boss and assistant . richard thing change , Margaret . margaret ( incredulous ) thing change ? richard yeah , thing change . margaret be that the best you get ? geoffrey hit Richard , as if to say " see , that 's what I say . " Richard compose himself . richard now , tell I the truth . when you leave , be you relieved or sad that we do not have a excuse to be together anymore ? geoffrey give Richard the thumb up . that be a good one . 113 . margaret what 's you point ? richard because I be sick that you leave . and if you feel sick too , then why should not we just be together ? Margaret go to answer , but stop . Richard be right . she want to go back . even the passenger on the plane can see it . gilbertson panic . mr. gilbertson be you think about go back to he ? Margaret do not answer . mr. gilbertson ( cont would ) we have a deal ! you can not back out now ! the flight attendant step in , annoyed that gilbertson be try to break up Richard and Margaret . flight attendant Sir , you need to sit down . mr. gilbertson I will do no such thing . flight attendant Sir , I be order you to return to you seat . other passenger yell " sit down asshole " at gilbertson . mr. gilbertson who say that ? flight attendant Sir , this be you third and final warning ! mr. gilbertson listen sweetheart ... ( he poke the flight attendant ) I be a federal officer , so why do not you get I another cocktail and mind you own ... buzz ! zap ! 400,000 volt of electricity surge through gilbertson . he twitches violently and crash to the floor . behind he , the handsome man hold a stun gun and a badge . handsome man well , I be a federal Air Marshall . and you be under arrest for disobey a crew member , assault , and possible intoxication . 114 . the handsome man pull out flex cuff , zip they around gilbertson 's wrist , and throw he in the bathroom . he then take the cb from Margaret and speak to the passenger . handsome man ( cont would ) sorry everybody , but protocol say we need to get this unruly passenger off the plane asap . sitka 's the close airport , so if it 's ok with you , I be gonna have the captain turn this bird around . there be wild cheer from the passenger . Margaret blushes . handsome man ( cont would ) ( wink at Margaret ) told you I be a romantic . ext . sitka airport runway - day Flight 1601 glide to a safe landing . Richard and he family wait on the tarmac , and the plane taxi to they . a truck drive stair to the front door of the plane and the door open . Margaret step out . Richard walk up the step . margaret this be not suppose to happen . Richard look Margaret in the eye . richard but it do . Margaret look down . a little embarrassed . margaret I be not the kind of girl who get save . Richard smile , and without warning , Margaret grab he , and plant a long , deep , and wet kiss on he . the long kiss be interrupt by the handsome man and gilbertson . handsome man uh , sorry , but excuse we . the handsome man lead a handcuff and still daze gilbertson down the step . margaret ( to gilbertson ) hey ! do you think get arrest might affect you at work ? gilbertson have no retort . 115 . margaret ( cont would ) oh , and I be not go to be able to publish you book after all . mr. gilbertson so you be get marry this weekend ? margaret ( smiling ) absolutely not . but who know ? ( look at Richard ) we might by the time you get out of jail . gilbertson make a " go to hell " face and shuffles off . Margaret turn back to Richard . all smile . margaret ( cont would ) I have get some explain to do . Margaret and Richard walk down the step and stand in front of Richard 's family . margaret ( cont would ) ( to Debbie ) hi. I be Margaret . I have know you son for year , but we have just recently begin to see each other romantically . ( to geoffrey ) I want to get to know you all , and spend some real time up here in Alaska . ( to Annie ) I be not sure when you be go to see he get marry , but I promise as long as I be with he , he will be happy . passenger cram up to the plane window to see what will happen . grandma annie that 's all we ever want . grandma Annie give Margaret and Richard a big hug . Debbie join in . then geoffrey . passenger cheer . CUT to : ext . paxton island - dancefloor - day the party be in full swing . balzac chase he ball . ramone slide onstage and sing with the band . he have a beautiful voice . Debbie and geoffrey cut a rug . they have do this before . 116 . gertrude and Annie chat and laugh at a nearby table . the handsome man bring gertrude a drink . grandma Annie wink and leave this two alone . Margaret and Richard dance . all smile , even though they be not very good . and as everyone dance , we track up the tallest tree on the island , to a eagle 's nest at the very top . Inside the nest , three eaglet chirp along to the music , snuggle up to Margaret 's phone . the end