the book of eli written by Gary whitta June 21 , 2007 a civilization be destroy only when its god be destroy . - emil cioran ext . forest - dawn bare as all hell . the tree stripped of they bark and white like ghost . some tear violently from they root and fell . stark gray sunlight shaft between the tree , cloud by a creep fog that obscure the true color of everything . a light snow flutter . the world monochrome , lifeless and cold . a cat prowl across the dead earth . barely recognizable as the domestic breed it might once have be . its fur mangy and rank , body rib-thin from starvation . entirely feral . it move slowly , cautiously . sniff the air , scan the forest , alert . trusting nothing of its surroundings . it pace across a leaf -strewn clear , close stealthily on : a dead man , splay face - down in the earth . his foot bare . face freeze in a grim death mask . a gaping gunshot wound in he head , the dry blood cake around it matting he hair . as the cat move closer , approach warily : p.o.v. from across the clearing about thirty yard away . someone be watch . wait . slow , deep breaths , hear through a gasmask respirator . close on a pair of industrial goggle the mirrore lense reflect the forest clear , lock onto the cat . the slow , metere breathe continue . the cat slow , but continue pace toward the corpse . more cautious than ever . it inch forward , sniff at the body . on the watcher . crouched behind the mangle stump of a fell tree . conceal beneath a camouflage mesh of leave , twig and bracken . a " ghillie suit " of the kind use by sniper . the cat sniff at the dead man 's hand , freeze by death in a grotesquely contort claw . the animal still unsure . look around again , check its surroundings for predator . the watcher move almost imperceptibly . the leave cover he rustle ever so slightly as we hear - just barely - the familiar creak sound of a bow string be drawn taut . the cat hear it . look up , alert . stare right at the watcher , but he be too well camouflage to be see . a interminable , tense beat - be the prey go to flee ? finally , the cat turn its attention back to the carcass , nibble gingerly at the flesh of the man 's finger . 2 . the watcher loose the arrow . it sail across the clear and skewer the cat clean through . it drop to the ground . the watcher stand , shaking off the ghillie suit , revealing he to we for the first time . he wear a weather - beat knee - length duster . hood sweater with more layer beneath that . torn pants and scuff work boot . everything filthy and batter from year of wear . along with the goggle , he face remain obscure by a disposable paper dust mask and a crudely - fashioned fur hat with dangle ear flap that may once itself have be a cat . around he neck he wear a silver saint christopher pendant hang from a fray twine cord . his name be eli . he shoulder the bow and walk across the clear . crouches beside the dead cat and pull out the arrow . wipe the blood from the shaft , then reach down to collect the body . suddenly the cat screech and flail wildly ! eli recoil , fall backward , stunne , as the cat - mortally wounded but fighting to the death - bite and claw desperately at he . eli struggle violently with the cat , wrestle it to the ground and grab up a hunk of fallen branch . he hold the writhe animal down and club it until it lay still . he sit back , breathe harder than the dustmask will allow . he yank it down , revealing the dirty , unshaven face beneath . impossible to tell he age , but certainly not a young man . for a moment he just sit there . then bundle up the dead cat and return to the mangle tree stump . fold away he ghillie suit into a nearby rucksack which he haul up onto he back . a canteen dangle from the backpack , a shotgun strapped to its side . eli reach down for he final possession - a old samurai sword in a scabbard which he sling across he back . he gaze up at the sky . a snowflake drift down and land on he cheek . he reach up and brushes it away , leave a black smear on he face . not snow after all , but some kind of ash . ext . forest road - day eli emerge from the treeline onto the crack and rupture asphalt . line by more of that ghostly , stripped - bare tree . 3. he sniff the air , breathe it in . check the road in both direction . desert . a few yard away be the rusted , burn - out chassis of a car . he head toward it . the car rest half on the road , half in the adjacent ditch . stripped of its tire and engine . in the driver 's seat be a mummified body . a bullet hole pierce its forehead . eli regards the body dispassionately . tries the door handle but it 's jamme . he yank on it harder and eventually wrench it open . he lean in and check the man 's foot . they be bare . no shoe or sock . eli curse under he breath . he leave the car behind and head on down the road . as he walk away , we see that the sole of one of he boot have wear loose , hold in place now only by a rubber band . ext . road - day eli continue down the road . he amble along slowly , a man in no hurry . a man who have be walk a long time . the road have since emerge from the forest . pass now through a wasteland of dead scrub brush and urban junk . the sun beat down from directly overhead . the sky have no color to it , paper - white . the unfiltered sun 's stark light leave everything seem bleach - out , over - expose . crane up as eli walk on . on the horizon be the silhouette of a CITY . or what be once a city . column of black smoke rise from within , casting a deathly pall over the skyline . burned and broken skyscraper jut out like tombstone . eli reach a fork in the road and stop . the road he 's on appear to wind off in the direction of the ruin city on the horizon . the other fork continue on into the wasteland . after a brief pause , eli change direction and head off down the other fork , away from the city . ext . abandoned town - day Little more than a main street line with storefront . eli walk steadily along , side -stepping rubble and debris . ignoring the petrify corpse lie in the street . he pass by abandon store , every one pick clean . empty shelf , smashed window . loot and burn . he do not even look inside , know already that he will find nothing . until he come to a store that do cause he to stop . a old - fashioned sign squeak on rusted hinge in the breeze . 4. ed' shoe - gentlemen' and lady ' footwear he step into the doorway and push open the door . it swing open on its one remain hinge before splintering away from the frame and crash to the floor in a cloud of dust . int . shoe store - continuous eli step inside . like all the other , the store have be clean out . shoe rack and empty box strewn over the floor . the whole place reek of dead , musty air . eli look around , just to be sure . drag he sheathed sword idly along the empty rack as he check they . nothing . as he turn back for the door , he foot nudge against a shoe box . it 's not empty . he crouch down , flip the lid off hopefully ... and pull out a lady high -heeled shoe . he stroke the shoe leather with he hand . shake he head grimly , then toss the shoe back into the box and leave . ext . abandoned house - day on the outskirt of town . in disrepair - peel paint , break window , damp -stain wall - but habitable . eli stand in the front yard , surround by brownish , overgrown weed . think it over . turn to face the set sun . it will be dark soon . he turn back toward the house . int . abandoned house - day the front door be send crashing OPEN with a hard kick , revealing eli silhouett in the fade sunlight . the shotgun unhitch from he pack and hold ready . he move inside . another dead place . fly buzzing in the still , dank air . everything cover in a thick layer of dust but otherwise largely preserve . a eerie snapshot of a world long go . kitchen every cupboard empty . eli check each one , poke around in the dark corner with he sword , but find nothing but dust . he open the freezer , check inside . empty save for a small icebox . the lid stick fast with mildew and gunk . eli dig at it with he grimy fingernails and manage to pry it open . Inside be the wizen , petrify remain of a human hand . float in slimy , discolor water . the smell vile and thick enough to make eli retch . he quickly jam the lid back on . 5 . bedroom a wooden bedframe stripped clean . the dresser drawer have be emptied and lie strewn across the floor . eli move toward a large walk - in closet and open the door . no clothes inside - just the near-fossilized corpse of a man hanging by a noose . twist gently back and forth . unfaze , eli crouch down and check the man 's foot . a old pair of converse all - star hang limp from the man 's skeletal ankle . eli calmly set about unlace they . he check the size ; they be a fit . he upturn each shoe and shake the old flake of mummify flesh from they . discard he ruin boot and put on the sneaker , lace they up . he walk around , pace up and down , get a feel for the new shoe . they feel good . for the first time , he smile . later eli sit in the corner , roasting the carcass of the dead cat over a small campfire . he clean the animal 's pelt as he watch it cook . poke at the meat with a pen-knife , check it for do - ness . it appear ready to eat . he clasp he hand together in prayer . eli dear Lord , thank you for you generosity in provide we today with this bountiful feast . he speak quietly , he voice barely above a whisper . even so , we catch the accent - a raspy , old - world midwest drawl , like John Wayne or some other long - forget western icon . eli thank you for the many gift that you have give I . thank you for you protection and you guidance . thank you for bring I this far . I know my long journey 's end be near . I ask now only for the strength and the courage to complete the task that you in you infinite wisdom see fit to bestow upon I over all man . I will not let you down . amen . he sign a cross over himself , then use the knife to see off a chunk of meat . take a bite , savore the taste with great relish . to he , it 's grade - a filet mignon . 6 . eli hey . you hungry ? it appear as though he be talk to himself ... until a rat emerge from he coat pocket , whisker twitching keenly . eli offer it some meat . the rat gnaw enthusiastically at it . sundown the last of the wane sunlight shaft through the bedroom 's break window . eli rummages through he backpack , pull out a SMALL package wrap in cloth and tie fast with string . he sit back in he corner and carefully unwrap it . it 's a old leather - bound book . the bind crack and page dog - ear , thumbed through a thousand time and more . eli gaze lovingly at it . let he finger play across the beat - up old leather cover . a cherish thing . he begin to read , half -hidden in the shadow of the fade sunlight . silently mouth the word as he read they . many page later eli close the book and parcel it back up as before . replace it in he pack , then reach in for something else . a car battery . Old and streak with acid stain . attach to a tangle bunch of electrical wiring and jumper cable . eli reach into he pocket and produce : a ipod . badly beat - up , the case pretty much hold together with duct tape . but functional . eli attaches the battery cable to the ipod and place the headphone in he ear . the music play . mozart 's piano concerto no. 20 in D minor . eli rest back against the wall and push the volume way up . the music swell . eli 's finger dance and swoop in the air , as though conduct a orchestra , as he be transport by the music to another world , a world far from this one . morning sunlight shaft through the window . eli sit slump in the exact same position , headphone still in he ear . asleep . the rat scurries up eli 's chest and lick he face . slowly , he wake , realize he fall asleep with he music still on . check the battery . it 's dead , drain overnight . he frown . he get to he foot , move to the window and check outside . all seem quiet . he load up he backpack and weapon . 7. eli come on now . the rat scurries up he leg , onto he duster and disappear into the breast pocket . eli turn and move out . ext . abandoned house - morning the gate squeak shut behind eli as he exit the front yard . he breathes in the air , turn to feel the warm morning sun on he face . then turn away from it and walk on down the road . ext . road - day the landscape barren and featureless , road line with dead tree . eli walk along the warpe and break asphalt . the road be strewn with burn - out car and debris from a world long dead . a warpe metal sign by the side of the road read : litter removal next two mile by : " circuit CITY " . up ahead be a hunched figure by the side of the road . eli arrive to see that it 's a young woman . bone-thin , dress in filthy rag . skin plague by a unpleasant rash . the shopping cart she be push have overturn into a roadside ditch , spilling its content . blanket , tin of food , old clothes . she 's on she knee try to gather it up . she look up as she see eli approach . instantly cower from he , raise she hand to protect herself . terrify . young woman oh . please do not hurt I . here , take anything you want . you want some food ? take it . she offer he a can of pet food with a tremble hand . eli stand there look at she . his expression impossible to read behind the mirrore goggle . eli I be not go to hurt you . young woman that 's what the last guy say . eli bend down and pick up a couple of the cart 's spill content . step forward and offer they to she . eli here . 8. she blink . unsure . cautiously she reach out and take it . young woman could you help I ? the wheel come off . I can not fix it . maybe if I could get it out of the ditch . but I can not . eli look at the cart . it have come to rest in the ditch just inch from a thick bracken hedgerow that line the road . he look again at the girl . her fade blouse be unbuttone , revealing a little cleavage . her skirt tear along the leg , show more than a little thigh . almost deliberate . he sniff the air . watch the hedgerow warily . just like the cat he hunt , he sense heighten and on alert . behind the hedge , three roadside bandit be crouch , wait to pounce . each armed with a crude blunt weapon . they exchange anxious look . eli sniff the air again - then back away from the girl . eli one good thing about no soap any more . you can smell the road agent a mile off . the girl 's face fall as eli back up . the three bandit emerge from the hedgerow , brandish they weapon . a couple of they wear old sunglass and goggle similar to eli' . the bandit leader grab the girl by a fistful of hair as he pass , yanking she painfully to she foot . bandit leader Dumb bitch . what do we tell you ? he push she away , she crumple to the road in a heap . eli back away , but two more armed bandit drop from hide in the tree behind , cut off he escape , surround he . bandit leader what you get there in the pack ? eli nothing . bandit leader yeah , that 's what they all say . how about you take it off real slow and tip it out so 's we can take a look ? 9 . bandit # 2 notice the shotgun strapped to the pack . bandit # 2 he 's get a gun . bandit leader shit , it be not load . they never be . ai not that right , old man ? ( beat ) open the fuck pack or die . eli I can not do that . the bandit leader step forward aggressively . now within strike distance of eli . he grin , tooth filthy and rotten . bandit leader want we to do it for you ? we can get it off real easy after we have hack you fuck arm off . eli remain perfectly calm . and though he speak with a soft , even tone , there be something formidable about he voice . eli it 's real important you boy listen to I and understand . the man I work for , you do not want to cross he . see , I be under he protection . you stand in my way , you stand in he . and he will cut you down with a righteous fury - through I . for I be he faithful instrument . beat . the bandit leader look at eli incredulously ... and then laugh . the other bandit laugh along nervously . bandit leader what the hell be you , some kinda preacher ? eli something like that . bandit leader well I get news for you , preacher man . whatever kinda God you reckon yourself to be work for , he leave this part a long time ago . he be not here to protect you ass . now take off the pack and set it on the ground . 10 . eli do not move , do not say a word . the bandit leader take another step forward and shove he in the shoulder . bandit leader you fuck listen to I ? eli I hear you . you lay that hand on I again and you will not get it back . the other bandit exchange nervous look . this be not how it 's suppose to go . bandit leader all right , I have just about enough of this shit ... he lunge forward , grab the shoulder strap of eli 's pack . if you blink , you miss it . but somehow eli have now draw he sword . a rivulet of blood snake down along the blade and drip onto the asphalt . bandit leader 's hand be still grip firmly around eli 's shoulder strap . but it 's no longer connect to he arm . the severe hand hang there from the strap , drip blood . bandit leader stagger backward and raise the bloody stump where he hand once be . look at it in shock and horror . bandit leader what ... you just ... he just cut my fuck hand off ! my fuck hand ! eli pries the hand loose from the strap and toss it onto the road as bandit leader 's leg give out and he slump to the asphalt . his eye dart around , as though confuse . bandit leader what you standin ' around for ? kiss he ! bandit # 3 what 's he talkin ' about , kiss he ? eli he 's in shock . he mean " kill he " . a tense beat . and then the four remain bandit attack eli all at once , weapon flail . eli flourish the sword . a blur , too fast to follow . but it 's clear he be possess of a inhuman level of skill . 11 . it be over in moment . the four bandit lay slain in the road , blood pool out onto the asphalt . the bandit leader crawl toward he severe hand , a few yard away . eli step in and kick it out of he reach . eli I tell you you would not be get that back . bandit leader look up to see the figure of eli bear down on he , silhouett ominously against the sun . he look for a moment like a avenge angel , something not of this world . bandit leader who be you ? eli my name be eli . and with that , eli run he through with he sword . he turn to see the young woman slump in the road , sobbing . she cower again as he approach , certain that she be next . he walk past her . sheathes he sword , then pull out the shopping cart from the ditch and rights it . the woman watch incredulously as he gather up she supplies into the cart . eli take it and go on you way . and do not fall in with man like this again . no good can come . she look at he , puzzle . young woman why be you do this ? eli say nothing . walk back to the slain bandit , crouch beside they and begin search they body . he take a scarf from around the neck of one . find a Zippo lighter on another , check that it work and pocket it . later the five body be line neatly in the ditch , half - cover with dirt . the best burial they be go to get . eli stand before they , head bow in prayer . he speak quietly and quickly , a speech he have give many time . 12 . eli God , the father of mercy , through the death and resurrection of he son have reconcile the world to himself and send the holy spirit among we for the forgiveness of sin . the young woman stand a few yard away , watch he , transfix . she have never see anyone like he . eli through the ministry of the church may he give you pardon and peace , and I absolve you from you sin in the name of the father , and of the son , and of the holy spirit . amen . he turn and walk away down the road , pass the woman . young woman thank you . you be ... a good man . eli there be no good man on the road . young woman where be you go ? eli West . young woman can ... can I come with you ? he do not even turn back to look at she . eli no . he walk on , into the horizon . ext . freeway overpass - day straddle the desert like a giant , crumble monument to a long - dead civilization . eli steadily climb he way up . he come to a abrupt stop as we realize suddenly that the overpass have collapsed at mid-point . rusted iron rod jut out from where the roadway have be severe . eli just stand there at the edge for a moment , feel the wind whip around he , he coat flutter in the breeze . 13 . the overpass 's collapse section be now just a mountainous pile of rubble that lead down to the road below . eli step onto the rubble . about to make he way down when he freeze . he hear something . the faintest of sound . he take cover , peer down at the road beneath the overpass to see : two people walk together on the road . we see everything from eli be p.o.v. - too far to make out much detail , but apparently it be a middle - aged couple . the man push along a old wheelbarrow cover by a tarp as the woman , seemingly he wife , walk alongside . the barrow 's rusted wheel give out a plaintive , rhythmic squeak . eli duck down again as he hear something else . this time much louder . the menace growl of motorcycle engine . four bike in total . Riding out of the horizon , close in on the couple . they see the bike come and panic . try desperately to steer the barrow off the road . the bike screech to a halt and the four rider dismount . brandish a variety of weapon . the couple make a run for it but they be quickly chase down and tackle to the ground . the woman scream and struggle helplessly as the biker swarm over the man like a pack of predatory animal . the woman be pull to the ground and the clothes stripped from she . eli turn away . he know what come next . eli listen as the woman scream and scream . he reach for he shotgun ... hesitates ... then withdraw he hand . eli it be not you concern . stay on the path . it be not you concern . stay on the path . eli repeat it like a mantra . he clearly want to intervene , but will not permit himself to . instead , he simply sit and wait grimly as the woman continue to scream for help . and then finally , suddenly , be silence . down below , the body of the man and woman lay dead and bloody in the dirt . the biker tear the tarp from the wheelbarrow , spilling its content onto the asphalt . they ferret through the item , scavenge a few item - we do not see what - and stuff they into a old cloth satchel . they leave the rest strewn in the road and ride off in the direction they come , dust plume in they wake . 14 . eli wait until the sound of the motorcycle have recede into the far distance before emerge from he hide place . ext . road beneath overpass - day eli crouch on one knee before the murder couple . he sign a cross over they ravage body as he mutter a prayer under he breath . then stand and continue on down the road . ext . road fork - day more desolate wasteland as far as the eye can see . the road fork again here . eli arrive at the junction and stop . the road eli be on lead further into the west . the other fork head toward a SMALL town just visible on the horizon . a hand - painted sign have be drive into the dirt nearby . no word , just a series of crude pictogram . a bed . a plate of food . a water faucet . a arrow point toward the town . eli pause , think it over . retrieve the ipod from he pocket . click the button , but no response . he sigh . he turn and head down the other fork , toward town . ext . desert town - outskirt - day a primitive , sprawling village of tent and barn- like structure . built from corrugate iron , rotted wood , mold plastic , tarpaulin - material scavenge from the old world . huddle resident be dress in little more than rag , many wear goggle like eli 's to shield they eye from the sun . eli stand at the edge of town . reluctant to enter , but he brace himself and walk on in . and as he round a corner , enter the center of town , a astonish sight : ext . desert town - MAIN STREET - continuous the broad thoroughfare now all that remain of whatever town once stand here . many of the old storefront still largely intact but patch up with salvage material . the asphalt street warpe and crack , parking meter bent and smashed . it 's a lot like the abandon town eli pass through earlier , except very much alive - bustling with townsfolk . it 's at once a familiar and also a disturbing sight - like a old norman rockwell painting of classic small - town America , but filter through the devastating eye of a apocalypse . a unsettle juxtaposition of the old world and the new . 15 . the centerpiece of the town be a grand theater at the head of the main street . the palladium . like the rest of the town , badly damage and shoddily fix - up . but still stand . eli walk down the street and approach a blacksmith , hammer out a metal plate over a anvil outside he store . eli you get a engineer or a fuelman around here ? the blacksmith do not look up from he work but motion toward a storefront at the far end of the street . eli thanks . eli head down the street . stop when he come across a statue erect in the center of the road . a tall man crudely fashioned in clay . one hand place paternally on the head of a SMALL child , the other outstretch toward the sun . as he observe the statue , eli notice that pass resident take a moment to pause and genuflect before it . worshipp . curious , eli reach up and run he hand over the statue 's face . then hear shuffling feet behind he and turn as a parade of emaciated men and women trudge past . roped together at the waist , each man lead the one behind . head shave , thin from malnutrition . and each one blind . they gaze at the ground with pale , dead eye . they carry pick , shovel and other tool - a sightless chain gang . eli watch as the pathetic parade shuffles past , herde like cattle by a brutish chain gang boss who swat at they with a stick to keep they move and indicate direction . chain gang boss come on , move it ! the gang boss glare at eli as he pass by . eli do not return the look , just continue crossing the street as the blind be herde away . headed toward a wooden building with a pictogram of a lightning bolt suspend above the door . int . engineer workshop - continuous whatever this place once be , it 's now a kind of post - apocalyptic radio shack . shelves display a variety of goods . engine part . Old electrical wiring . small appliance . a old electric generator rumble noisily , power string of multi-color christmas light that hang all around . 16 . behind the main counter a convolute rube Goldberg - esque still be run . a engineer in a leather apron pour the remnant of a can of motor oil into the still 's funnel . attach to the still be a old motorcycle mirror . in its reflection the engineer see eli check out the store . without turn around , he reach surreptitiously behind the counter for something . eli turn toward the counter - to find the engineer training a pump - action shotgun right at he . engineer I do not know you . eli slowly raise he hand . eli I be not from around here . engineer no shit . who be you ? eli I be just a customer . engineer a customer with a shotgun ? he nod toward the shotgun visible on eli 's backpack . engineer you come in here to rip I off ? the engineer 's hand tremble , he finger tight on the trigger . this man need to be talk down carefully . eli no. I will set it down . okay ? engineer slowly ! eli nod . unhitch the pack and set it down , step away . engineer you carry a gun in the outland , you do not bring one into town less you live there . do not you know that ? eli I be sorry , I forget . I have be on the road a long time . 17 . this seem to make the engineer more suspicious of eli . engineer show I you hand . eli I be not a- the engineer jerk the shotgun at eli nervously . engineer I say show I you fuck hand ! eli raise he hand and hold it outstretch , palm face downward . the engineer watch it closely for any sign of tick or tremor , but eli 's hand stay steady as a rock . eli I be not one of they . the sight of the steady hand seem to reassure the engineer a little . finally , he lower the shotgun . engineer what do you want ? eli I be just pass through . I need some help . I can pay . engineer what kinda help ? and what kinda pay ? eli I be go to get something out of my pack . okay ? the engineer raise the shotgun nervously again . eli I know , I know . slowly . the engineer watch he like a hawk as eli open up he pack and pull out the car battery . when he see it , he gasp . engineer Holy shit . eli place it on the counter . the engineer look it over with awe , like it 's a priceless historical artifact . engineer where would you find this ? 18 . eli year ago , in the outland back east away . engineer do it work ? eli yeah , it just need a charge . can you do it ? I get the cable . engineer depend if you also get the coin . eli pull the Zippo lighter from he pocket . the engineer pick it up , spark the flint , watch the flame flicker . engineer it will take a couple hour . there 's a bar across the street you can wait , they just open up . eli I will wait here . engineer you do not trust I ? eli ( smile ) I do not know you . int . palladium - auditorium - day this once grand theater have be largely gut - seat tear out , fixture and fitting stripped , curtain rip from the stage . but still , there 's a sense of grandeur to this place . look out over the stage , a royal BOX - once the most prestigious seat in the house - have be convert into a office of sort . seat remove and replace by a ornate mahogany desk face inward , a chandelier suspend above it . the whole set - up be gaudy and ostentatious - the work of someone who want to project a aura of power and wealth , but have no taste whatsoever . a tall man be seat in a batter leather armchair behind the desk , deeply involved in a old paperback book . the book 's cover be fade and partially tear away , the title still just visible : 7 habit of highly effective people . 19 . the man be older than most we have see . his skin weathered by the element and by a long life 's experience . one of the very few people we have see in this world close to eli 's age - and unlike everyone else we have see , he appear healthy and well - groom . a rich mane of hair , full set of tooth . he wear a tatter suit and tie . none of it match , everything scavenge from different outfit and era . but he look almost civilized . respectable . his name be carnegie . he look up from he book at the sound of a polite cough o.s. redridge stand before he . tall , powerfully build . carnegie what be it ? his accent be like caramel . a rich , deep - south drawl . redridge Survey team just finish up they inspection . it be not good . Carnegie lower he book . concerned . carnegie how bad be it ? redridge pressure be down again , and go by the new rod they sink level be lower than they have ever be . Carnegie stand . think . this be bad news . carnegie how long ? redridge hard to say . six month , maybe . a little longer if we be careful . but we be already - carnegie halve the ration . redridge we just halve `em last - carnegie so halve they again ! beat . Carnegie stare redridge down . nobody but nobody question he order . 20 . redridge you be go to have to say something . folk be none too happy last time . gonna be worse now , you can count on it . Carnegie sigh , rub he brow . he know redridge be right . ext . desert town - MAIN STREET - day a large crowd of townsfolk - several hundred strong - have assemble outside the palladium theater . a armed crew of carnegie' goons keep watch over the crowd . Carnegie stand on a balcony above the theater marquee . he treat the balcony like a pulpit , speak through a microphone connect to a old PA system that carry he word to the far reach of the crowd . carnegie I want you all to remember how far we have come together . and how far we still can go , if only we believe . when I bring we here to this oasis - this promise land - we know there would be hardship . knew there would be sacrifice . but we also know that we be create for ourselves a world where we could be safe from the horror of the forsaken land beyond we border . the crowd listen intently , hang on Carnegie 's every word . he be a incredibly charismatic and persuasive speaker - he cultivate image and inspiring , confident delivery remind we of a television evangelist . carnegie and I want you all to remember above all that it be not the water with which we have be bless that be the true lifeblood of this town ... but faith . this send a murmur of discontent through the crowd . many do not like where they suspect this may be go . Carnegie sense this and dial up he rhetoric - deliver it now with the fire - brand passion of a old - time baptist preacher . carnegie it be we faith that sustain we , brother and sister ! hallelujah ! 21 . the crowd be divide . many return the " hallelujah " with vary level of conviction . other be not convinced . but Carnegie continue unabate , sell it harder than ever . carnegie and mark I , the ultimate validation of that faith be come ! the sacred Word of we Lord that form the world before and will reform it once again be come to this town to bring it succor , bring it nourishment , bring it new life ! for the almighty himself have speak unto I and promise it ! Carnegie be such a impassion and inspiring speaker it 's almost impossible not to get catch up and sweep away by he word . his apparently unshakable belief be infectious . carnegie in the meantime , he have ask we all to be patient . to walk the hard road of the faithful just a little longer . and to do that , we must give just a little more . ( beat ) Water ration will be halve until further notice . this send a much broad ripple of discontent through the crowd - this news have not be receive well at all . some still " keep the faith " but many more be perturb by this . Carnegie motion for the crowd to settle down . carnegie I understand you frustration . the road to salvation be a difficult one - but what lie at the end of that road be a great glory , beyond anything you can imagine . a discontented villager step forward , push through the crowd and jabbing he finger angrily up at Carnegie . discontented villager we have hear this all before ! when be you go to - Carnegie 's goons quickly move in and efficiently silence the man , remove he from the crowd . dissent be not tolerate here . Carnegie go on speak as if nothing have happen . 22 . carnegie I know each and every one of you will understand the necessity of this action . it be faith that build this town - and faith that will sustain it even through the dark time that may lie ahead . but it be always darkest before dawn - and the new dawn be come . ( beat ) May God go with you all . Carnegie step back inside , leave the crowd to talk among themselves , clearly mix about what they have hear . as the assemble townsfolk disperse , four motorcycle roar into town and pull up outside the palladium . as the rider dismount , one detach a cloth satchel from he bike 's cargo rack . the four rider head inside . they each have long , straggly hair and brutish expression . we recognize they now as the biker bandit who kill the couple on the road under the freeway overpass . int . palladium - second floor - day Carnegie emerge into the second - floor hallway from the balcony , mop he brow . exhausted and stress from he grand theatrical display , and from its mix reception . redridge climb the stair to meet he . redridge one of the road crew just roll into town . Carnegie look at he crack old wristwatch . carnegie of course they do , the bar 's open . outlander , always look for answer at the bottom of a bottle . redridge not this guy . ( beat ) this guy say they get something . that get Carnegie 's attention . carnegie get they up here now . 23. int . palladium - MAIN lobby - day what be once a grand , gild entrance foyer have , like the rest of the theater , be largely gut . but it 's still impressive - a spacious bar area with a grand staircase lead up to a second floor , entrance to balcony seat , etc . fade old theater poster still hang from the wall . the place have be shabbily convert into a kind of SALOON . Old rip - out theater seat arrange around table . a fireplace sputter dimly . a mangy tabby cat walk across the straw - laden floor . a dozen or so customer in the place , a mix , rough - look bunch . redridge emerge from a upstairs room and nod to a group of he men who be hold the biker at the foot of the stair . int . palladium auditorium - carnegie' BOX Carnegie check he reflection in a cracked hand mirror , lick he palm and slick he hair back . he adjust he tie as redridge 's man usher the biker into he " office " . Carnegie wheel around and flash a smile at they . just as when he give he balcony address , Carnegie be in performance mode - charismatic and slick like a campaigning politician . carnegie gentlemen ! it 's truly a delight to see you again ! I understand you latest excursion into the outland have be a profitable one ? the biker exchange look . they understand maybe half the word in that sentence . the lead biker - name hog - speak . hog we do good . carnegie well , let 's see , shall we ? hog tip the satchel 's content out onto Carnegie 's desk . book . about a dozen different volume of all shape and size . Carnegie rifle excitedly through the collection . we see various title as he sort through they . treasure Island . the Da vinci code . a volume of encyclopedia . the Diary of Anne Frank . tuesday with morrie . in amongst the book be a few magazine . a old issue of oprah magazine . a tear copy of sport illustrate ... 24 . ... and a newsweek . the cover graphic illustrate opposing nuclear arsenal over a world globe . on one side the star and stripe , on the other flag indicate a sino - islamic alliance . the headline read : " be there no turning back ? " carnegie no. no. no. no. no. as Carnegie reject each book with grow disappointment and frustration , it 's clear he 's look for a specific volume . carnegie it 's not here . hog this be not worth nothin' ? carnegie when you bring I the book I ask you for , it will be worth something . the biker exchange more look . a unspoken conversation . hog we be doin ' this a long time now . have to make a whole lotta corpse to bring you all this book . you want we to keep at it , reckon it 's worth more than a few free glass of that swill you call liquor . Carnegie 's guard bristle , ready for a confrontation . Carnegie just smile , always ready to smooth thing over . carnegie gentlemen , gentleman . I urge you once again to take the long view here . when we find this book - and believe I , we will find it - we be go to build a new world . a world far great , far more righteous than this one . and you and I be go to be perch right on top of it , look down upon it , master of all creation ! as always , he carefully stage - manage rhetoric be deliver with the utmost conviction , every word drip with passion and persuasion . he 's a master salesman , a true huckster . carnegie and you know , I think you be absolutely right . ( more ) 25 . carnegie ( cont would ) that be worth more than a few glass of liquor . a whole lot more . he step forward and look hog right in the eye . his gaze like a laser beam , utterly disarming . carnegie the book I want be out there somewhere , just wait to be find . once there be million of copy - you only need to find one ! find it and bring it here . and I promise you , you will be reward beyond anything you can imagine . it 's impossible not to be sway by this guy . he 's just so full of fiery passion and infectious belief , you almost want to reach into you pocket and hand over you wallet . hog snatch up he empty satchel . hog this better not be bullshit . he turn and march to the door , the other biker follow . the guard escort they out , only redridge remain . Carnegie slump back into he chair , frustrated , piss off . redridge might help if they know just what they be look for . carnegie not one of they can read . how would they even know when they find it ? redridge so how 's about you just tell I ? Carnegie and redridge lock eye . beat . redridge two year now you be send this crew into the outland . Burning up gas we can barely spare . for a goddamn book ? what the hell kinda book can be worth all this ? Carnegie ignore he . stands , walk toward the door . redridge sigh , gesture toward the book pile on Carnegie 's desk . 26 . redridge what about this ? carnegie put they with the other . int . palladium - MAIN lobby - day redridge stand by the marble fireplace , toss the book into the fire . the flame flicker and leap around the book as they page blacken and be consume by the fire . int . engineer workshop - day eli watch as the engineer charge the battery with the gas generator , which chug noisily . he lick he lip , dry as sand . unscrew he canteen to take a drink , but it 's down to its last few drip . eli what 's this place across the street ? they get any water ? engineer we get we own underground spring here . only fresh water in a hundred mile - if 's you can pay for it . eli think a while longer . then stand and stuff he shotgun inside he pack , shoulder he gear and make for the door . eli I will be back . eli stop in the doorway and turn back to the engineer . eli if that battery be not here when I get back , I will use this gun on you kneecap and I will put this building to the torch and I will watch it burn to the ground with you alive inside it . so help I God . and with that he turn and leave . the engineer gulp . not a hint in eli 's voice that he do not mean every word . int . palladium - carnegie' bedroom - day this old second - floor dressing room have be convert into a bedroom , simply furnish . 27 . a woman stand in front of a old dressing room mirror , the bulb around the frame burn - out and break . she wash she face in murky water in a old porcelain BOWL on the dresser . her name be claudia . early 30 , pretty . she gaze into the mirror as she dry she hand , but it 's so crack and warpe it 's near impossible to see a reflection . the door open and Carnegie enter . he still look steam . Claudia do not turn to look at he , keep face the mirror . claudia be that you , honey ? Carnegie say nothing . just pace angrily up and down . finally Claudia turn to face he . claudia something wrong ? carnegie more book come in from the road today . claudia oh ? it 's be a while . carnegie and it will be a while longer . just another pile of useless junk . if we do not find the right one soon - if I can not give this people what they want to hear ... Carnegie trail off , the think too awful to contemplate . Claudia adopt a sympathetic expression , supportive . claudia you will find what you be look for . it 's out there somewhere . you just have to have faith . this seem to anger Carnegie . he wheel on she . carnegie faith ? be that what you think we be miss around here ? she detect the aggressive tone in he voice and go quiet , head bow . Carnegie move toward she angrily . carnegie my old man use to have faith . he have it in spade . my mother , too . ( more ) 28 . carnegie ( cont would ) you know where it get they ? you know where it get I ? he 's in she face now . Claudia avoid eye contact , submissive . carnegie faith be for the weak . it 's for they out there , the sheep . this world be what you can see and touch and taste . it 's what you make it . all this year with I , you still do not have any grasp of that ? what 's wrong with you , woman ? he 's shouting now , and she 's tremble , afraid to speak . claudia I be sorry . Carnegie realize he 's frighten she . he soften . carnegie no , I be sorry . I do not mean to scare you . hey . you okay ? he lift she chin up , wipe away a tear . carnegie you just get I all rile up with that kind of talk . it 's not what I need from you right now . ( smile ) you know what I need right now ? he put he hand on she lustfully . it 's clear she 's not in the mood , but she halfheartedly respond anyway . more out of a sense of wifely duty than reciprocate passion . as they kiss , Carnegie push she excitedly against the wall and feverishly begin unbuckle he pants . int . palladium - MAIN lobby - day the original customer have now be join by the four biker , who sit at they own table drink a clear and pungent moonshine - type liquor from a share jar . eli enter . all eye be on he immediately , regard he with guard interest as he pull up a stool at the bar . the bartender approach , look he up and down . suspicious . bartender outlander ? let I see - 29 . eli raise he hand as before . hold it outstretch , steady . bartender what will it be ? eli place the canteen on the bar . eli Water . bartender that 's the good stuff . gotta eat into my own ration to sell it - so I do not sell it cheap . eli take off he scarf and put it on the bar . the bartender take it and look it over . not particularly impressed . bartender that will get you maybe half - way . the bartender spy eli 's silver Saint Christopher pendant . bartender what about that ? eli stuff the pendant inside he shirt . no way that 's for sale . instead , he reach into he coat and produce the fur pelt he skinned from the dead cat , lay they out on the bar . eli that 's the best I get . the bartender take a pelt and examine it . the mangy cat leap up onto the bar and approach . sniff at the pelt with suspicion and hiss at eli . eli shoos the cat off the bar with a wave of he hand . at the biker 's table hog watch this , not happy about this . satisfied with the pelt , the bartender gather they up along with the scarf , then turn away toward the back room . bartender solara ! a teenage girl emerge from the back . no older than 16 or 17 . dress in unflatter work clothes , face grimy , blonde hair tie back in a ponytail . but even through all this , it 's clear she be a strikingly beautiful young woman . the bartender take eli 's canteen and hand it to solara along with a ration card he keep around he neck . 30 . bartender take this out back and get it fill . solara take the canteen , pause for a moment to look eli up and down . unsure quite what to make of he , but intrigue . there 's something about he she can not put she finger on ... he do not look back at she . she turn and exit . ext . desert town - MAIN STREET - continuous solara exit via the palladium 's stage door and walk across the busy street to where two of carnegie' armed men stand guard around a enclosure of chain - link fence topped with razor wire . townsfolk wait in line with bowl and bucket . one of the guard recognize solara and let she cut to the front of the line . he punch two hole in she ration card and let she inside the chain - link enclosure . Inside be a old rusted spigot attach to a pipe emerge from the earth . solara crank hard on the handle - it take a few pull before the water come , and then only at a weak trickle ; it will take a while to fill the canteen . int . palladium - MAIN lobby - continuous as eli sit at the bar , a shadow come into view and loom large over he . hog be stand behind he , glaring , cut a menace figure in he armored cycle leather . solara sense trouble brewing and move off , take eli 's canteen away into the back room . hog that be my cat . eli do not turn . just look straight ahead . impossible to read he behind that mirrore goggle . utterly inscrutable . eli Fine specimen . hog I see you push he off the bar . eli I do not push he . hog you raise you hand at he . 31 . eli sorry . it will not happen again . the bartender look at hog nervously . bartender hey , how about another drink , hog ? hog that cat 's be comin ' in here for nigh on two year . it get more right to be here than you . who the fuck do you think you be ? eli I do not want any trouble . hog grab he by the arm . hog well , that 's too bad , `cause - blink . suddenly hog 's head be pin to the bar by nothing more than eli 's thumb . press deep into a nerve cluster in he neck . eli lean in close as hog whimper , paralyze . eli I know you . murderer of innocent traveler on the road . you be go to spend eternity drown in a lake of fire for the thing that you have do . do you know that ? the other biker stand and approach , the other customer follow suit . eli sense the trouble gather behind he . eli you go on back to you table and I will be on my way . all right ? it 's all hog can do to just barely nod he head . eli release he thumb . hog stagger backward , gasp for breath . eli stand and make toward the door , but the biker and other patron have move to block he exit . burly patron you push hog , you push all of we . eli sigh , look down at the floor . he 's be push one time too many today . for the first time , we see anger in he face . 32 . eli curse be the ground because of you . by toil shall you eat of it . thorns and thistles shall it sprout for you . from the ground be you take . for dust you be . the patron look at eli strangely . who be this guy ? eli reach back and draw the samurai sword . carve a line in the dirt at he foot with the tip of the blade . eli and to dust you shall return . int . palladium - carnegie' bedroom - day Carnegie have Claudia pin against the wall , he pants bunched around he ankle , ass bare as he pound away at she . not make love . this be mechanical , loveless sex . Claudia stare vacantly over he shoulder into space as Carnegie thrust into she again and again . deeply uninterested , just wait for it to be over . suddenly , we hear a crash o.s. Carnegie stop and listen . carnegie do you hear that ? what be that ? Claudia see a open to get out of this . claudia maybe you should go check . beat . Carnegie keep listen . then come another crash . carnegie what in the hell be go on ? he pull up he pants , grab a rifle propped by the door as he rush out . Claudia just stand there for a moment , then reach down and pull up she panty . she move from the wall and make she way across the room , feel she way with she hand , gaze off into nothingness . only now do we finally realize that she be blind . int . palladium - MAIN lobby - continuous Carnegie emerge from the bedroom onto the balcony . look down over the railing - and be stunne by what he see . 33. chaos in the bar below . eli cut a one - man swath of mayhem through the dozen brawler . most already lie dead . two more men attack eli and be effortlessly fell by he sword . Carnegie rush hurriedly along the landing , bang loudly on the door of the upstairs room . carnegie get you ass out here ! on eli . surrounded by the dead , only one man leave stand . hog . he back away as eli circle he like a predator . sword hold ready , the blade glisten with dark red blood . solara re-emerges from the back room with eli 's refill canteen . she stop and emit a horrify gasp when she see the bloody carnage laid out in the bar before she . she watch , mortify , as eli move toward the helpless , terrify hog , go in for the kill . raising he sword ... suddenly , solara step forward and cry out : solara stop ! eli freeze . sword hang in the air , poise to strike . he turn he head to where solara stand behind the bar . solara please do not . beat as eli consider . he look back at hog , still completely at he mercy ... and then lower the sword . eli go . hog ( confuse ) ... what ? eli it be not for I to judge you . you time for that 's gonna come . believe I . now go on . get out of here . hog stumble backward through the door , into the sunlight . eli move toward solara , who stand petrify behind the bar . reaches out and gently pries the canteen from she loose grip . eli thank you . 34 . in the exitway , hog turn back inside , grab up a broken bottle from the bloody floor as he go . hog rush eli from behind . solara see he come and go to scream - but before any sound can come , eli flip he sword backward and hog run right onto it , skewering himself . beat . hog just stand there for a moment , eye wide , freeze in shock . his finger go limp , drop the bottle . he slide off the sword and collapse to the floor , dead . eli wipe the sword clean and sheathes it . look around at the bloody , fall body . then back at solara . eli I be sorry for all the mess . as he turn and head toward the door : carnegie ( o.s. ) hold it right there . accompany by the sound of multiple gun cocking . Carnegie be on the landing , training he rifle down at eli . alongside he , five gunmen do the same . they have get he cold . int . palladium auditorium - carnegie' BOX Carnegie sit at he desk , the huge auditorium and stage area visible behind he . eli stand before he . around he be the other gunman , who keep they weapon train on he . stand at Carnegie 's side be redridge and claudia . carnegie so , who be you ? eli nobody . a walker in the outland . carnegie I have meet walker before . not a particularly civilized bunch . some have even take to eat they own kind , do you know that ? you would not be one of that savage now , would you ? Carnegie 's gunman look he over , inspect he warily . carnegie gunman he be not get the shake . 35 . Carnegie 's confident gaze remain fix on eli throughout . carnegie good . this be a civilized town . under God . do you know what that mean ? eli can not help but react at the mention of that word . carnegie it mean we have law here . law set down long before any of we ever walk this earth . and one of they be , you do not eat the flesh of you brother . else you be no better than a animal . and not welcome here . eli do not respond . just stand there in Carnegie 's gaze . carnegie so what 's you business here , friend ? walker do not usually come into town less they want something . eli I have a battery need charge and a canteen need fill . I do not come here look for trouble . barely noticeable , Carnegie gesture to one of the gunman , who nod in acknowledgement and leave . carnegie well , you sure as hell find it . do you know who I be ? eli no . carnegie my name 's Carnegie . I own this bar . I own the whole town . you have never hear of I ? eli that 's you out there on the street . carnegie remarkable likeness , be not it ? you would never guess half the man who build it be blind . a small tribute from a grateful people . I be deeply touch . 36 . eli you have slave build you a monument to yourself ? the mention of that word rankle Carnegie . he walk around the desk toward eli , wave a admonish finger at he . carnegie do not call they slave . that 's a old word . I be not a slaver . I be try to help this people . Carnegie can not help himself - once again he be in he natural element , spin the argument he way , pitching . selling . carnegie in the outland the sightless be prey upon like sick animal . here at least they be protect . they do the essential work other do not want . and in return they eat , they drink , they survive . last year , a couple of they even get marry - perform the ceremony myself . ( beat ) you see , I be not exploit this people - I be save they ! any one of they be free to leave whenever they wish . but here they stay . and they thank I every single day for they salvation ! a impressive , impassion performance . he sound just like a old - school tv evangelist . but eli be unmove . eli it 's none of my business what you do here . like you say , it 's you town . I just want to be on my way . carnegie what 's you name , walker ? eli do not respond . just stand there . carnegie all right , I guess we just call you Walker . do not see too many folk you age this day . you live in the world before ? you can read ? eli I read every day . 37 . carnegie that 's good . good man . we educate folk , we need to stick together , if we be ever go to rebuild this world . people like you and I , we be the future . eli what do you want with I ? carnegie straight to the point . I like that . fact be , you could be in a lot of trouble . this be a peaceful town . you walk in here , armed , and the next thing a dozen of my good citizen be dead . I have hang man for less . I could hang you . ( beat ) or , you could come work for I . eli what ? carnegie I never once see anyone handle themselves the way you do down there in that bar . I do not know where you learn it , but I sure as hell could use it . eli I be not interested . carnegie people who work for I can live better than any walker ever dream . Real bed , clean water , hot food . woman , even . you could do a lot worse , my friend . eli I be not you friend . and I be not stay . I get someplace I need to be . out west . carnegie West ? there be nothing west . it 's all go , a long time ago . eli I have be tell different . 38 . carnegie by who ? eli do not reply . Carnegie smile , dial up the charm . carnegie all right , look . I be go to make you a offer of goodwill . stay the night , think it over . try a little local hospitality . we will talk again in the morning . if you be still not interested , you be free to go . no hard feeling . eli thank you for you offer . but I would prefer to just leave right now . so you can either let I out of here , or I can kill my way out . the gunman bristle , exchange nervous look . Carnegie appear unfaze . he smile . beat . he look to the gunman at the door . carnegie let he go . the gunman open the door . eli turn and exit . int . engineer workshop - day the engineer stand behind the counter , look worried . his heart sink when he see eli enter . engineer oh , shit ... eli how 's my battery ? engineer it 's , uh ... it 's gonna take a little longer than I think . eli how much longer ? engineer it 's gotta charge overnight . you , uh , you can always stay here in town , pick it up in the morning . eli lean in a little closer . he smell a rat . 39 . eli you remember what I say would happen if I come back here and you do not have my battery ? engineer it 's right here ! it 's just gonna take a while longer . I swear . eli look at the engineer . hard to be certain , but he 's pretty sure he 's lie . somebody get to he . int . palladium auditorium - carnegie' BOX a violent commotion be hear from down the hall . suddenly one of Carnegie 's henchmen come fly into view as he be thrown hard into a wall and slump to the floor , unconscious . eli storm into the box , piss . more guard rush in behind he . Carnegie , seat behind he desk , wave the guard off as he stand to greet eli , smile ingratiatingly as ever . carnegie I know you would reconsider . eli yeah ? how would you know that ? carnegie none of the walker I have see come here from the outland be ever what you would call smart . I mean all that year out there alone on the road , some with they brain half - fry from eat each other - it 's understandable why you people be not the brightest bulb in the box . but I never meet one so dumb that he would turn down a meal and a bed if it be offer . eli so you do not send someone across the street to the engineer ? carnegie engineer ? I do not know what you be talk about . if there 's something wrong , maybe I can help . Carnegie be a practice liar . much more difficult to read . 40 . carnegie this be redridge . he 's kind of my right -hand man around here . redridge - one of the two man who chase eli into the room - step forward . he regards eli with a distrustful eye . carnegie he will show you to you room . int . palladium - guest bedroom - dusk redridge open the door and usher eli inside . it 's another of the dress room convert into a bedroom , less well - appoint than Carnegie 's own . a threadbare rug . bed with relatively clean sheet . a sink for wash . redridge enjoy you stay . there will be someone outside you room all night . if you need anything . redridge smirk and close the door , leave eli alone . eli pace across the room . finally sit down on the creaky old bed . try to figure out how he manage to get stick here . he unshoulder he pack , set it down . lies down on the bed . it 's be a while since he feel a real bed on he back . a knock at the door . eli get quickly to he foot . eli hello ? the door open and claudia enter . carry a metal tub of water in both hand and , atop that , a dinner tray . claudia I have this for you . Water for wash and some food . eli just stand there . totally unfamiliar with this kind of situation , it 's be too long . she smile , embarrassed . claudia well ... be you go to take it ? eli oh. thank you . he take the stuff from she , set it on the table . 41 . claudia you be very welcome . we get the impression that Claudia be as unfamiliar with this kind of polite interaction as eli . but she like it . claudia it will be dark soon . she strike a match and light the oil lamp on the table . the room be light by its flicker glow . claudia can I get you anything else ? eli no , thank you . claudia well . have a good night . as she turn for the door : eli you be Carnegie 's woman ? claudia why do you ask ? eli just make conversation be all . have not have one of that in a while . not a real one , leastway . Claudia smile . neither have she . claudia he find I in the outland . I be sixteen , my family have be ... well , they be go . there be just I and my baby . eli you have a baby ? claudia I would meet some man on the road . bad man . they ... beat . she trail off , struggle with this unhappy memory . eli get it , raise a hand reassuringly . eli it 's all right . 42 . claudia I be on the road for a year after that . I could not feed myself , let alone my little girl . and then Bill find we and he promise he would take care of we . he tell I he be go to make a place where we could be safe . and he do . he do all that . he build this whole town . he keep we safe . and he raise that child like she be he own . he 's be so good to both of we . he save we , really . there 's a bittersweet quality to Claudia 's word . as though there be more to the story than she be tell . eli pull out a chair at the table , offer it to she . eli you want to eat some ? she smile and sit . eli sit across from she . eli when do you go blind ? in the war ? you get catch in a flash ? claudia no , I be bear this way . I think I be lucky like that . eli lucky ? claudia it 's not like I ever know what I be miss . I be already use to be like this by the time ... by the time it all happen . so I get around pretty good even when I be on my own . and now it 's easy . I know every creaky old floorboard in here , and it 's not like I ever go any place else . Bill would never allow it . he worry about I so much . again , bittersweet . the sense that Claudia feel trap . think about it begin to upset she . she get up . claudia I should go . he will be wonder where I be . 43. eli stand , escort she to the door and open it . claudia thank you . I enjoy we conversation . eli so do I . eli close the door , then sit back at the table . int . palladium - carnegie' bedroom - night Carnegie wash , look at himself in the old dress - room mirror . he see Claudia enter the room in its dim reflection . carnegie you take you time in there . how long do it take to deliver a plate of food and some water ? a subtly accuse tone . it make Claudia nervous . claudia he want to talk . carnegie oh ? what about ? claudia nothing really . he ask I what it be like to be blind . carnegie he tell you anything about he ? claudia no . I do not think he like to talk about himself much . carnegie yeah , I get that . Claudia move to the bedside , begin to undress . claudia I do not think he 's go to change he mind by morning . I do not think he 's go to stay . carnegie what make you say that ? 44 . claudia just strike I as the kind of man who 's of a mind , be all . do not seem like the type to go change it once it 's set . carnegie well , we will just see about that . claudia you see he . he 's not like the other . you will not be able to smooth - talk he and wrap he around you finger like you usually do . carnegie who say anything about I ? ( beat ) I be send solara . Claudia react suddenly to this . shock and angry . claudia you be do what ? carnegie you know how often this walker get laid ? never . least not by anything live or willing . girl like she can be very persuasive . claudia you can not send she in there with he . he 's dangerous , he 's a killer ! carnegie you go in there readily enough . claudia that 's different . solara 's just a child , she can not - Carnegie sigh , tiring of this . carnegie she 's a grow woman now , Claudia . sooner or later you be go to have to accept that . she have to earn she keep around here , same as the rest of we . claudia by work as a whore ? that 's all you think she 's fit for ? 45 . carnegie we have each be give a talent to help we make we way in this world . some people 's gift be more evident than other . solara 's sure as hell be . Claudia look at Carnegie in disgust . claudia what kind of a man be you ? now it 's Carnegie 's turn to get angry . he round on she menacingly . she back off as he approach . carnegie I be the kind of man who would pull a helpless blind girl off the road , a girl who would be beat and rape , and give she a place where she can live without fear ! without I you would be just another no -eye , lie dead in the outland , pick clean by the buzzard , or shoveling dirt down there with the other . that 's the kind of man I be ! he have she against the wall , he face just inch from hers . claudia I do not live without fear . I have not for a long time now . Carnegie calm himself , back off . Claudia go to leave . carnegie where be you go ? claudia I be not go to let you do this . Carnegie surge forward and pin Claudia to the wall . carnegie you be not go to let I ? ( beat ) nobody tell I what I can and can not do in my own town . nobody . I build this world , and I be God here ! so do not go think about screwing with my plan . you know how this work . solara go against I , you get hurt . you go against I , she get hurt . 46 . he release he grip on she . carnegie so let 's not see anybody get hurt . okay ? he speak more softly now . as he stroke he hand tenderly through Claudia 's hair , a tear run down she cheek . int . palladium - guest bedroom - night Dark outside , but the room be brightly light by the glow of the oil lamp . eli sit up on he bed , quietly read the old leather - bound book from he backpack . another knock at the door . eli jump up and hurriedly hide the book inside he shirt . eli come in . the door open to reveal solara . look very different than she do before . clean up and wear a flowery summer dress , blonde hair let down over she shoulder . stun . unlike everyone else we have meet , she seem - physically , at least - totally unscarre by the horror of the time . Far too beautiful a thing to belong in a world like this . solara hi. can I come in ? eli someone be already here with food and water . I get everything I need . solara you sure about that ? she glide into the room , close the door . she 's good . very seductive . eli be totally disarm in she presence . solara it 's too bright in here . mind if I turn it down a little ? she do not wait for a answer . move to the table and turn down the oil lamp . a darker , more seductive lighting scheme . solara that 's better . I be solara . you be Walker , right ? 47 . eli no . my name 's eli. solara that short for something ? elias ? eli elijah . solara elijah . I never hear that one before . it 's kinda cute . she sit on the bed , kick she leg playfully . her light cotton dress revealing in all the right place . the silhouette of she body bath in the seductive glow of the oil lamp . no red-blooded man on earth could resist she . eli look , I do not mean to be rude . but I be really not interested . solara you sure about that ? it get mighty lonely out there on the road . she lean over on the bed , rest on she elbow . her hair cascade down . God damn , she look good . solara if you be worried about money , this be all pay for . the whole night . eli it 's not that . you be a very nice girl . but I be not that kind of man . she slide off the bed , approach he . begins to work the button of he shirt . solara they be all that kind of man . he move she hand away . gently push she back a step . eli I be not . she be stunne . no man have ever turn she down before . and then she seem a little insulted . solara they tell I you be crazy . maybe they be right . 48 . eli open the door for she . eli I be sorry . good night . suddenly all she other emotion give way to fear . she move to the door and slam it shut again . look eli in the eye . solara please do not make I leave . I have to stay the night . if I do not ... eli if you do not , what ? solara he will hurt my mom . eli who will ? Carnegie ? she nod , fight back a tear . this anger eli . eli maybe he and I oughta have word . he go for the door handle , but she stop he . solara no ! please , do not ! eli he 's hurt you . he 's hurt you mother . he 's - solara he 's my dad . beat . eli move he hand away from the door . solara look , if you want to help I , just let I stay here tonight . we do not have to do anything . I will sleep on the floor . tomorrow you can tell my dad that we have a good time . I will be no trouble , I swear . she look up at eli imploringly . transform . no longer the teenage sex kitten . now she 's just a frighten little girl . eli you want to have a conversation ? 49 . she smile , wiping the tear from she cheek . later eli and solara sit together on the bed . a silent beat . at first , it appear as though they have nothing to say . eli you know , you do not have to be afraid of I . what happen down there in the bar ... solara I be not afraid of you . I know you do not start that trouble . when I first see you , I know you be not the type to go look for it . eli how would you know that ? solara my mom say I be a good judge of character . she say I can read people . that I know a good man when I see one . she smile . eli be surprised to find himself smile back . solara so ... you be pretty old , right ? eli smile , amused by the bluntness of the question . solara I be sorry . I just mean , I have not see too many people you age . how old be you exactly ? eli you know , I do not rightly remember . solara but you be old enough . I mean , you remember what it be like ? in the world before ? eli nod . solara what be it like ? eli think about this . dredge through old , old memory . 50 . eli better than this . ( beat ) people live longer back then . long than I . some be more than a hundred year old . solara smile like she 's have she leg pull . solara come on . eli I swear , it 's true . nowadays it 's not the same . if you be sick or you be weak or you be old you will not last long out on the road . solara so how come you have ? beat . eli think . should he or should not he ? eli can I read you something ? solara wait . you can read ? eli pull the book from he shirt . solara 's eye widen . solara and you have a book ? eli not just any book . for the first time we see that it 's a king jame bible . a emboss gold cross on its old leather cover . eli open it up , scan the page with he finger until he find the passage he 's look for . eli the Lord be my shepherd . I shall not want . he make I lie down in green pasture . he lead I beside still water . he restore my soul . he lead I in the path of righteousness . on solara as she listen to eli read . transfix . 51 . eli though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil . for you be with I . you rod and you staff , they comfort I . you prepare a table before I in the presence of my enemy . you anoint my head with oil . my cup run over . surely goodness and mercy shall follow I , all the day of my life . and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever . solara that 's beautiful . do you write that ? eli ( smile ) no . solara what book be it from ? be it poetry ? eli I guess you could think of it that way . it 's from the Holy Bible . solara I never hear of it . what 's it about ? beat as eli think . how on earth to answer that ? eli it 's about love , and forgiveness , and life and death , and mercy , and revenge , and the beginning and the end of the world . I guess it 's about a little bit of everything . solara can I see ? she reach out for the book but he snatch it away . solara what ? I be not go to do anything . eli I be sorry . I be charge to protect this book . I can not trust it with anyone . not even for a while . 52 . solara what 's so special about that book ? beat . eli run he finger across the emboss gold cross on the beat - up leather cover . eli it 's the last one . there be no other book like this . all the other be go - destroy by the war or in the burning that come after . this be the only one that survive until now . the last one anywhere . solara how can you know that ? eli I just know . ( beat ) for a long while after it happen , I just wander on the road like most everybody else . there be still a lot of people around back then , in the beginning . I do not really know what I should do or where I be go . I be just move from place to place , try to stay alive . and then one day I hear this voice . I do not know how to explain it , it 's like it be come from inside I . but I could hear it , clear as day . clear as I can hear you talk to I now . solara what do it say ? eli it lead I to this place , I do not really know where . and I find this book bury deep under some rubble . no way no - one be ever go to find it if they do not know exactly where to look . solara but you know because the voice tell you ? eli that 's right . and that voice tell I to carry the book west . ( more ) 53. eli ( cont would ) it tell I that a path would be laid out before I , that I would be lead to a place where this book would be safe . it tell I I would be protect against anyone or anything that try to stand in my way . if only I would have faith . ( beat ) that be twenty - five year ago . and I have be walk ever since . solara ( skeptical ) because a voice you hear in you head tell you to . eli I be not crazy . I do not imagine it . I know what I hear . solara so who be it ? the voice ? beat as eli consider he answer . eli a very important , very powerful man . solara more powerful than my dad ? eli ( smile ) I should say so , yes . beat . the two of they sit in silence for a moment . solara would you teach I to read ? eli what ? solara I never learn . no - one around here know how . only my dad , and he will not teach I . I think he like be the only one who can read . I think it make he feel powerful . eli I think you be probably right . 54 . solara so would you teach I ? eli I be sorry . I be leave tomorrow . and I will not be back this way , ever . she look down , sad . she like this guy . she do not want he to leave . eli can sense she sadness . eli be you hungry ? solara I guess a little . eli there 's some food on the table over there . let 's eat . she walk over to where the dinner tray be cover by a small cloth . she whip it away - to reveal eli' rat nibble on a piece of cheese . solara shriek and back away . the rat scurries down the table leg and leap up onto eli 's shoulder , just as afraid of she as she be of it . eli it 's okay , it 's okay . he 's with I . ( to the rat ) do not be afraid , pal . this be solara . she 's we friend . solara approach warily . reaches out and stroke he . the rat scurries up she arm . she almost shriek again . eli it 's okay . it mean he like you . solara it do ? eli trust I , if he do not like you , you would know about it . solara pet the rat on she shoulder . then : solara do you really mean that ? eli mean what ? 55 . solara that I be you friend . beat . eli find himself surprised that he admit such a thing . when be the last time he have someone he could call a friend ? he can not even remember . eli sure . she smile . giggles as the rat 's whisker tickle she ear . eli break the cheese in two and give half to solara . she 's about to eat but stop as eli clasp he hand in prayer . eli we father , we thank you for this meal which you have be so gracious to place before we . unsure of what to do , solara mimic eli , put she hand together and bow she head . eli we thank you for a warm bed and a roof over we head on a cold night such as this . ( beat ) and we thank you for the gift of friendship in this hard time . solara look at he , touch by that . eli amen . ( beat ) you say that last part too . solara amen . and now we eat ? eli and now we eat . they sit and eat together , share the simple meal . pull out from the window as they eat , away from the theater . away from the town and its flicker point of torchlight . move farther and farther away until the entire town be consume by the darkness of the world . ext . desert town - MAIN STREET - dawn the pale sun rise over the town . to establish : 56 . int . palladium - dine room - morning what be once the theater 's costume room - old mannequin still stand around in the corner , create a eerie feel . Carnegie and Claudia sit at a dine table , eat breakfast in silence . a third place be set , but no - one be seat there . solara enter and sit down without a word . carnegie good morning , solara . solara do not say anything . carnegie I say good morning , solara . solara Morning , dad . carnegie how be you night ? do you sleep well ? Claudia appear perturb by Carnegie 's subtle probing . solara flash he a frosty look . solara I do like you ask . be not that what you really want to know ? just come out and say it . Carnegie glare at she sternly . carnegie you do not speak to you father like that . when I ask you a civil question , I expect a civil answer . solara lower she head , scorn . Carnegie continue eat . carnegie do he say anything ? solara no . we do not talk much . carnegie well , do you think you manage to change he mind about stay ? solara I do not know . he say he have to go . 57 . Carnegie put down he food , look angrily at she . carnegie so he do talk ? what else do he say ? come on , I want all of it ! solara that 's all he say . that he be go to be leave this morning . carnegie we will see . this be my town , nobody leave until I say they leave . he glance knowingly at Claudia . claudia solara , honey , eat something . she look at the food on the plate before she . then close she eye and clasp she hand in prayer . solara we father , thank you for this meal which you have be so gracious to place before we . Claudia and Carnegie freeze . Carnegie stare at she , agape . solara thank you for my mother . please watch over she and keep she safe . carnegie solara ... solara thank you for all the - carnegie solara ! she snap suddenly out of it , look at she father . carnegie what the hell be you do ? she do not respond . look embarrassed . carnegie God do not put this food on the table . do you hear I ? ( beat ) who put this food on the table ? 58 . solara say nothing , just look down at the table . carnegie I say who put this food on the table ? solara ( softly ) you do . carnegie who teach you that ? solara eli teach I . carnegie ( puzzle ) who the hell be eli ? solara the walker . that 's he name . carnegie and he teach you how to say that word ? how do he know they ? solara he have they write down in a book . this pique Carnegie 's interest greatly . carnegie what kind of a book ? he bark the question at she . solara be rattle . solara I do not remember ! it be a old leather book . it have kind of a ... thing on the front of it . carnegie show I . solara make the sign of a crucifix with she index finger . Carnegie 's eye widen ; he can barely believe it . carnegie he have a bible ? solara that 's what it be . a holy bible . daddy , what 's wrong ? do I ... 59 . Carnegie bolt suddenly from the table , overturn he chair and send he plate of food crash to the floor . int . palladium - lobby balcony - continuous Carnegie race across the landing , toward the armed guard post outside eli 's bedroom . the guard step aside as Carnegie fling the door open and barge inside . int . palladium - guest bedroom - continuous empty . no sign of eli or he gear anywhere . the window be wide OPEN , the curtain flutter gently in the breeze . int . engineer workshop - continuous his hand shaking , the engineer disconnect eli 's battery from the generator and place it on the counter . eli stand on the other side of the counter with he shotgun trained right at the man' head . he take the battery from he and stuff it into he backpack . ext . palladium - continuous Carnegie race from the lobby entrance and look up at the open window to eli 's room . he could have easily jump . redridge emerge onto the street behind he . redridge something wrong , boss ? carnegie something wrong ? something wrong ? the walker 's go ! redridge that can not be . I have a man outside he room the whole time . carnegie he jump out the window , you idiot ! you do not think to put a man outside the fuck window ? ( beat ; fume ) find he . now ! redridge boss , he could be anywhere . he ... ( realization ) a battery . do not he say something about a battery ? 60 . they turn to face the engineer 's storefront - just as eli emerge onto the STREET , shotgun still in he hand . everybody freeze . like a wild west stand -off . redridge 's finger play over the butt of the pistol on he hip . beat as time hang perfectly still for a second ... and then all hell break loose . redridge draw and fire , shatter a parking meter just inch from eli and shower quarter all over the sidewalk . eli rush along the sidewalk , returning FIRE . the shot wing redridge in the shoulder . he go down , wounded . Carnegie dive for cover as four more gunmen rush from the theater . Carnegie wave frantically in eli 's direction . carnegie go! go! they spot eli sprinting away and rush off in pursuit . Carnegie get to he foot and storm back inside the theater . int . palladium - dine room - continuous solara and Claudia watch through the window . turn suddenly when they hear the door slam open behind they . Carnegie stand in the doorway , glaring at they . ext . desert town - MAIN STREET - continuous local resident scream and rush to and for in panic as eli dart along the boardwalk . carnegie' gunmen pursue , fire they rifle wildly on the run . the bullet splinter wood , pierce barrel and crate , narrowly miss eli as he dash , keep he head down . eli aim the shotgun and fire without even look . the shot hit a gunman square in the chest , drop he to the dirt . eli hit the deck , diving for cover behind a junkpile as more gunfire ricochet all around he . he take a moment to collect himself , reload the shotgun . the three remain gunman close in on the junkpile warily . eli sign a cross over himself with the shotgun , look to the sky and offer up a silent prayer . then emerge from around the junkpile back into the street . all three gunman OPEN FIRE , they bullet whipping past on either side of he . 61 . in one swift motion eli raise the shotgun and fire . Three shot in quick succession . and then there be silence . smoke wisp from the shotgun 's sawn - off barrel . the three gunman lie dead in the STREET . one hit square in the chest . the other two each have maybe one half of they head remain . eli look around . he 's right at the end of the main road , the perimeter where the town meet the open desert . he 's free . and then , a girl scream . distant but unmistakable . eli whip around . in the upstairs window of the theater , Carnegie shove solara roughly against the wall . barking angrily at she , shaking she . eli look at the road . then up at the theater . then back to the road again . eli ( quietly ; to himself ) it be not you concern . stay on the path . but he sound less resolute now than before . until today this be always a simple decision for he to make . but now ... eli dammit ... he march back toward the theater , step over the fall body of the gunman , re-loading he shotgun as he go . ext . palladium - continuous redridge finally manage to clamber back up to he foot , wince as he clutches he painful shoulder wound . he look up just in time to see eli come right at he . without break stride , he cold - cock redridge in the jaw with the shotgun , send he back to the deck , out cold . int . palladium - dine room - continuous eli kick the door wide open , find Carnegie hold solara against the wall . she sob , terrify . eli level the shotgun at Carnegie 's head . eli let she go . 62 . carnegie that cannon of yours cast a pretty wide net . I do not reckon you can hit I without hit she . eli I reckon you be right . he holster the shotgun . then in the same fluid motion draw a pistol from he belt that we never even know he have . eli this , though ? with this I will shave the hair clean off you ball at a hundred pace . you believe I ? Carnegie release he grip on solara , step away , hand up . carnegie I believe you . I have to say I be surprised to hear that language come from you , though . I mean , you be a holy man and all . beat . eli glance at solara . carnegie she tell I all about it . told I all about the bible , too . ( beat ) can I see it ? eli no . Carnegie take a small step forward . suddenly , he whole demeanor change , and he now look at eli imploringly . carnegie you know , I have be search for a book like that one for year . all I have ever want be to bring the word of God to this poor unfortunate here . to shine its light upon they and give they something in this wretch world that they could believe in . something to live for ! it 's why I build this town , do you know that ? all we have be miss be the word to show we the way . and now , praise the Lord , you have bring it to we . 63. Carnegie take a step closer . he appear entirely sincere - but then he be very good at do so . carnegie it 's not right to keep that book hide away , all to yourself . the word be mean to be share with other . it 's mean to be spread ! be not that what you want ? I could help you do that . you and I , we could do it together . beat . eli seem to be consider what he 's hear carefully . eli the Lord himself tell I that if I carry this book west , one day I would find the place where it be need . where it would be safe . where it belong . Carnegie smile broadly ... and then with a sudden blur of movement eli pistol - whip he to the floor . eli but this be not it . he turn to solara and offer she he hand . eli come on . ext . palladium - continuous eli emerge from the theater , lead solara onto the street . resident part before they , stare at eli with astonishment . eli pass the statue of Carnegie - and stop . something about that thing be bother he . solara what ? what be it ? eli you shall not make for yourself any graven image ... he turn , draw he samurai sword and in the same fluid motion slicing across the base of the statue . beat . and then the statue topples from the neat cut just below the knee , crashing down to the ground and shatter . the assemble resident gasp at this defiant display . 64 . eli sheathes he sword and take solara by the hand again . eli now we can go . crane up over the main street as they both head out of town . ext . road - day the town barely visible on the distant horizon behind eli and solara . eli walk as he always have , he pace steady and slow . still , solara lag along behind . she 's already tired . solara where be we go ? eli I tell you where I be go . you be free to go wherever you want . she stop in the road . solara wait ... I be not come with you ? eli you be only go to slow I down . eli do not stop walk . solara be force to catch up . solara so what the hell be all that about back there ? eli the man be hurt you . I do not like that , so I put a stop to it . now you be free . he can not hurt you any more . ( off she stare ) no need to thank I . solara thank you ? for what ? what be I suppose to do now ? eli whatever you want . that 's what be free be . solara whatever I want . except go with you . 65 . eli I have to get where I be go . I can not be worry about someone else along the way . solara be incredibly hurt by this . blink back a tear . solara I think you be my friend . beat . eli stop and turn back to face she . eli it 's dangerous in the outland . I would not want you to get hurt . solara I will be safe so long as I be with you . I know it . eli sigh . he 's not get through to she . so now come the harsh truth of it : eli you do not want this life . I gotta do what I gotta do . do not have no choice in it . but you do . and I can not let you choose this . you do not want to be like I . you do not want to spend you life alone . solara step closer , she eye plead . solara if I come with you , I would not be alone . and neither would you . a long beat as eli consider this . for a moment it appear as though solara might have win he over . but then : eli I be sorry . look , maybe it 's best you just go on back to town . he turn and walk off , leave she in the road . she stand there , furious , scream at he back as he walk away . solara Fine ! I will do just that ! I have a life there ! a family ! I do not ask you to save I ! I do not ask you for anything ! 66 . he do not turn or acknowledge she at all . just keep walk off into the horizon . get smaller all the time . solara stand there in the road , weep . all alone . solara ( softly ) Fine . she turn and walk back in the direction she come . ext . desert town - barnyard - day a small , pen - in area to the rear of the palladium contain a eclectic bunch of farmyard animal . goat , sheep , geese , pig . mostly mangy , sad-look specimen . Carnegie stand in the yard , toss handfuls of animal feed from a nearby sack onto the ground . he watch with satisfaction as the animal gather at he foot to feed . Claudia emerge from the theater with a ice-pack . carnegie thank you , darling . Carnegie apply it to he jaw , red and swollen from eli 's pistol - whip . redridge appear nearby , he arm in a sling . redridge he kill four of my man and walk out of town without a scratch . they shot off a hundred round at he and he do not get hit once . I never even hear of anything like that . Carnegie do not appear to be listen . he be lose in a world of he own as he tend to the farm animal . carnegie you know , I always think of myself as a shepherd . bring together the wayward and the lose . tending to my flock . but all the thing I want to do , I can not do they on my own . the one thing I have need be the one thing that 's always be miss . then one day it walk right into town - so close I can almost touch it - and then walk right on out again . Carnegie finally look up from he animal , at redridge . 67 . carnegie I want you to put a crew together and go out after he . redridge he 's not go to work for you . I think he 's make that plain . carnegie I be not interested in he any more . I only want the book he 's carry . redridge if I be gonna risk my ass hunt down this maniac in the outland , I need to know it 's gonna be worth it . I need to know what 's so special about this goddamn book . beat as Carnegie consider this . carnegie you have no idea . you be too young , you do not remember the world before . but I do . I remember . he turn back to he animal , summoning up old memory . carnegie when I be a kid my parent use to read that book every goddamn day . my mother , she would read it along with this smooth - talk preacher on the tv screen . they use to be able to beam this guy right into you house , into every house in the world , through the air . like magic . ( beat ) she work two job and she send every spare penny she have to that fuck guy on the tv . my old man , he would read that book , then he would get liquore up and kick my ass , tell I all about the power and the glory and how I be go to burn forever in hell for the sin I be bear with . he make sure he beat it into I good . he snap out of he reverie and look at redridge . carnegie do not you see ? it 's not just any book . ( more ) 68 . carnegie ( cont would ) it have the power to motivate people . it can give they hope , it can terrify they . it can shape they . Control they . ( beat ) do you remember how I build this town ? it be not do with force , and it be not do just with water . it be do with the power of word . I create this place out of nothing , because people believe in a promise that I sell to they . that guy on the tv , they be richer than you could ever dream , and it be all build the same way . with word . with promise . and with that book . ( beat ) that book be a weapon . aim right at the heart and mind of the weak and the desperate . just imagine what I could do with it . redridge boss ... we be run out of water and the people be run out of patience . you be try to tell I that a book be go to keep they in line ? carnegie oh , it will do much more than that . the water in this town may run dry , but faith - that spring eternal ! and that faith will help turn this town into a city . and this city into a nation . it will help I build a new world . in my image . people will come from far and wide to hear what 's inside of it . they will follow I anywhere just to get a taste of it . and they will do whatever I tell they . as usual , Carnegie 's slick rhetoric have work - redridge have totally buy into it . Claudia , however , look appal . redridge and what if this book do not work ? what if it do not say what you want it to say ? 69 . carnegie oh , it will say what I want , I can promise you that . because I be go to rewrite it . I will keep the part that work for I and make the rest whatever I need it to be . ( beat ) a new bible , for a new world . he reach out and take Claudia by the hand . carnegie what do you think , darling ? a whole new world , to do with as we will . wo not that be grand ? she smile halfheartedly , but it 's clear she be mortify . Carnegie turn back to redridge . carnegie find that book . redridge he have half a day on we already . carnegie so use the motor pool . redridge there be not much gas in reserve . carnegie whatever there be , use it . redridge nod and go to leave . claudia what about solara ? beat . in all this excitement about the book , she have be completely forget about . claudia she 's still out there . with he . carnegie right . right . of course . bring she back , too , if you can . but - redridge the book . I know . 70 . redridge turn and leave . Claudia scowl at Carnegie , but he do not even notice , just go back to feed he animal . ext . desolate road - day solara wander the road . she 's tired . the sun beat down mercilessly . nothing but desolation and wasteland all around . she come to a fork in the road . stop at the junction , unsure . be this here before ? she do not remember . there be no sign . both path look the same . which one be which ? she turn and look back , look around . she 's lose . solara shit. shit. she alternate she finger between the two path . eeny-meeny - miney - moe . pick a path and follow it , head down the road . ext . road - day eli walk on . slow and steady . his gaze , as ever , fix firmly on the horizon . take a swig from he canteen . suddenly , he stop and stand stock still in the center of the road . impossible to know what he 's think . he stand there for a long time . ext . wasteland gas station - day solara come upon a abandon chevron station . she do not remember pass this . look back up and down the road . solara where the hell be I ? there 's a rusted car park at one of the pump . like every other car we have see , stripped of its tire and engine . she walk around to the driver 's side . a petrified female body lie on the ground , half - in , half - out of the car . solara clap she hand to she mouth and recoil , horrify . in the dead woman 's hand be a dusty bottle of mineral water . solara hesitates . not want to get closer . but so thirsty . she brace herself , grimace , and try to take the bottle , but the dead woman 's hand be close tight around it . she pull harder and wrench it free . in the process she fall on she butt and flip the corpse over onto its back . 71 . in the other woman 's arm , she have a skeletal baby cradle to she bosom . it seem to be stare right at solara . solara scream and frantically shuffles backward away from it . get to she foot and run across the forecourt . she stop by the station shop and rest against the wall , hyperventilate , heart pound . try to get it together . she inspect the water in the bottle . it look clean . unscrew the cap with shaking hand and take a sip . she spit it back out , cough . it 's rank . undrinkable . int . wasteland gas station - food court - day solara enter . gloomy inside . comprehensively loot . empty shelf coat in thick sheet of dust . she move further in , search for something , anything . but the place have be gut . there 's nothing . she check the wall of dead refrigerator . shatter glass , all empty . she 's never know desolation and emptiness like this . it 's beginning to scare she . she wheel around in a panic . female voice ( o.s. ) hello ? distant , call from outside . solara hear it and freeze . female voice ( o.s. ) hello ? can anyone help I ? ext . wasteland gas station - continuous she run out across the forecourt , onto the road . a female figure be hunch by the side of the road about fifty yard up ahead . hard to see what she 's do from here . slumped female hello ? be anybody there ? solara start walk toward she . the woman have she back to solara . she 's on she knee , mutter to herself . gather object up from the road . as solara move closer , we see that the woman be struggle with a upturned shopping cart . stuck in a roadside ditch , its content spill out next to a few bracken bushes . 72 . we see she face now . it 's the same young woman from before . the same shopping cart . the same trap . solara be you all right ? the woman look around , see solara stand nearby . she 's shocked to see that it 's a girl . young woman oh . yes , I be fine . thank you . you go along , I will be okay . solara you look like you need some help . young woman no , really ! I be fine . really ... I need a man to help . not you . you just keep along . please . the woman seem anxious to get rid of she . tries to indicate the threat silently with she eye , but solara do not get it . solara it will just take a minute . she step into the ditch and start to haul the cart out . young woman really , it 's fine ! please ! too late . three road brigands pounce from the bushes . every bit as brutish and horrifying as the group that eli kill on the road in we open . they grab solara and drag she from the road into the desert , scream and kick all the way . young woman let she go ! she be not get nothing ! the brigand leader look solara up and down lustfully . brigand leader I be not too sure about that . solara be revile by the man . he 's filthy , he stench overpower . one eye miss , just a dark , empty socket . he lick he lip , revealing a mouth almost devoid of tooth . young woman this be not the deal ! the brigand leader lash out and grab she by the throat . 73. brigand leader shut you mouth , bitch . you oughta be grateful you be get a break . he release she . she slump to the dirt , whimper . brigand leader never do care much for that dry - up old snatch anyhow . he look back to the struggle solara . brigand leader this one , though ... this one look fresh . you a virgin ? she say nothing , just sob helplessly . brigand leader well , let 's find out . he unbuckle he pants , let they drop to he ankle . we hear a sound . it 's hard to place . something like a thhup . the brigand leader be freeze in shock . his face go pale , the blood drain from it . the two bandit hold solara look at they leader in dismay . stare down at he crotch . a quiet whimper escape from he lip as he look down . there be a arrow imbedded in he crotch . what be once down there be now just a bloody mess of mangle meat . more blood stream down he thigh . a real horror show . he stagger backward , shriek . hand shaking . stare down at the awful wound from which the long arrow shaft extend . the two other brigands release solara and whip around , scan the horizon . they see nothing . one of they have a rifle . he unsling it and aim it frantically around . then they both see it . come right at they . the most terrifying thing either have ever see . eli , walking toward they from the road , out of the SUN . his silhouette distort in the rippling heat . a avenge angel . he pull another arrow and draw it back as the rifle bandit train he weapon on he , finger tightening on the trigger . eli shoot . the arrow sail through the air and right into the rifle barrel . the feather at the end of the shaft plugging the muzzle tight . 74 . rifle bandit pull the trigger . the gun explode , blowing he hand clean off . he fall to the ground , scream . eli only have two arrow . he shoulder the bow and draw he sword . all the remain brigand have be a small knife . the two now square off at arm 's length . a hopeless mismatch . beat . the knife brigand hesitates , tremble . and then rush eli with the knife . eli deftly sidestep , flourish the sword . so quick it almost seem like he do not move at all . the knife bandit stagger forward a couple more step . his hand go limp and drop the knife . and then he head fall backward like a pez dispenser . almost completely decapitate , but not quite . blood fountain from the neck stump as he body fall to the dirt . eli move to the other two bandit who lay horribly wounded on the ground , but still breathe . he stand over they fall body . they stare back up at he , helpless . he crouch down between they in the dust . eli I offer you both one final chance in this life to seek forgiveness for you sin so that you soul may find salvation . will you say with I the act of contrition ? the brigand leader defiantly spit blood at he . brigand leader fuck you . eli sigh . stands and look down on he without pity . eli some might think it would be most fitting to leave you here like this . let you die slow in the sun . but I know better . I know where you be go . and the sooner you get there , the sooner you will get what 's come to you . he plunge he sword into the bandit leader , finish he off . pull the arrow from he crotch and wipe it clean . he turn to the other man , raise he sword . rifle bandit wait ! 75 . eli pause , sword hover over he , poise to strike . rifle bandit I want to say it . I want to be forgiven . eli crouch once more by he side . eli repeat after I . oh God , I be heartily sorry for have offended thee , and I detest all my sin . the bandit follow along with eli , mouth the word quietly . the life ebbing from he with each moment . eli I firmly resolve , with the help of thy grace , to confess my sin , and do penance , and to amend my life . amen . rifle bandit amen ... his eye roll back as he final breath leave he . Dead . eli sign a cross over he body , then stand and walk away . solara sit on the ground nearby , a wreck . eli approach and gather she up in he arm . she cling on to he tightly . solara you come back for I . eli what be friend for ? she laugh , a tear roll down she cheek . grip he tighter . he help she up and escort she back to the road . eli this be the deal . you keep up . you pull you weight . you fall behind , I can not help you . okay ? solara okay . she look back at the young woman still slump in the dirt . solara what about she ? 76 . eli there 's nothing can be do for she . they walk on down the road . ext . desert town - MAIN STREET - day metal garage door roll back to reveal darkness within . a pair of headlight fire up . full beam right at we . a vehicle roar out of the darkness onto the street . heavily modify with plate armor and turret - mount weapon . but its original form still recognizable underneath . it 's a honda odyssey minivan . once the # 1 choice of soccer mom , transformed now into a armored personnel carrier . another minivan roar from the garage behind it . a dodge grand caravan , similarly customize and armed to the tooth . three more car follow . as eclectic a assortment as you could imagine . a mini cooper . ford explorer . a prius . each adorn with plate armor and weapon . in the lead minivan be redridge , heavily armed . he nod to the driver , who gun the engine . the fleet of armored vehicle move out , kick up a great funnel of dust in they wake as they roar out of town . ext . desert - day late afternoon . the sun hang low on the horizon . we be far from the road . nothing but scrub brush and a few prairie dog burrow dot around . a prairie dog pop its head up , scan the horizon . sniff the air , whisker twitching ... and be skewer by a arrow . thirty yard away , one of the piece of scrub brush appear to come alive . and then we realize it be eli 's ghillie suit , camouflage both he and solara beneath it . eli cast off the camouflage net and walk toward the dead prairie dog . solara just stand there , appal . solara you kill it ! that cute little thing ! eli pick up the dead animal by the scruff . 77 . eli it 's good eat , be what it be . he yank out the bloody arrow . solara look away . when she turn back , eli be stand right there , hold the dead animal in front of she face . she yelp in surprise and stagger backward , fall on she butt . solara that 's not funny . eli if you be go to be on the road , you can not be picky about what you eat . you eat what 's there to eat . solara I be not eat that . eli ( shrug ) more for I . ext . wasteland cave - dusk eli and solara sit in the mouth of a desert cave , around a flicker campfire . the prairie dog roast on a spit . eli dig he knife into the carcass , the blade come out clean . it 's do . he clasp he hand together and gaze down penitently at the ground . eli Father , we thank you for you generosity in provide we with this meal . bless this food to we use and we to thy service , and keep we ever mindful of the need of other . amen . eli carve off a piece of meat . juicy and succulent . he bite into it , teasing solara by make a show of how good it taste . he feed a piece to the rat perch on he shoulder . solara try to appear uninterested , but she 's starve . solara what do that taste like ? he take another bite , think on this as he chew . eli tastes like chicken . 78 . she try to fight the temptation to try it ... but she can not . she reach out and tear off a piece . sniff at it , take a small bite ... then quickly wolf down the rest . eli smile . as she eat , she gesture toward eli 's Saint Christopher . solara what be that ? eli reach up and touch he hand to it . eli it 's a Saint Christopher medal . solara who 's Saint Christopher ? be he a character from you book ? eli smile and shake he head . eli Christopher be a man who live a long time ago . he want to be a good man , he want to help people . so he would stand by a river that have no bridge and carry people across . he be a big strong man and there be no one he could not carry . solara listen , rapt . eli be a good storyteller . eli then one day a young child come to the river and ask to be carry across . Christopher try to carry he but he be too heavy . he be just a small boy but he be heavier than any man he have ever carry . the boy explain that he be the son of God , and that he be so heavy because he bore all the sin of the world . after that , Christopher be able to carry he across and when they get to the other side the boy baptize he in the river . and that 's how he become a saint . later on , he be know as the patron saint of traveler . solara what be a saint , anyway ? 79 . eli it 's someone who spend they life do good thing for other . enough that God himself take a special interest in they . solara look at eli tenderly , with admiration . solara someone like you . eli look away , down at the ground . he appear sad . eli no . not like I . Saints be not killer . and I do too much of that . spill too much blood . beat . no word , just the flicker firelight . solara will you read I some more from the book ? eli it 's late . you should get some sleep . maybe tomorrow . later - night the fire down to its last ember . eli sleep next to he pack , half -hidden in the loom shadow of the cave . his hat and goggle hang up for the night on the hilt of he sword . solara sleep nearby ... then open she eye . not asleep after all . she look over at eli - he face hide in shadow and so impossible to tell if he 's asleep or awake . solara eli ? no response . quietly , she move forward , kneel by he side . she open he coat and check the pocket . empty . she go deeper , peel back the layer of clothing , stealthily frisk he . she find something on he lapel , hide under several layer , that cause she to stop . it 's a rectangular plastic badge . the red , white and blue color fade and wear . it read : welcome to wal -mart my name be " eli " how may I help you ? 80 . she stare at it for a moment , not know what to make of it . then move on , continue to pat he down . whatever she 's look for be not here . she turn she attention to the backpack . slowly , carefully , open it up . there it be . the bible , wrap carefully in its neat little package of cloth and twine . she reach in for it . suddenly , eli' hand shoot out and grab her by the wrist . she cry out , startle . eli sit up , he face just a dark shape in the shadow . for the first time he appear a little scary to solara . eli what be you do ? solara you scared I ! I think you be asleep . eli on the road you sleep with one eye open . I ask you what you be do . solara I just want to see the book . eli you want to see the book , you ask I . nobody touch it but I . ever . until it get where it 's go . do you understand ? he 's very forceful . she nod , a little afraid of he . eli tell I you understand ! he grip she wrist tighter . solara okay ! I understand ! ow ! eli release she wrist . take the pack from she and close it up . pull it closer to he and lie back down . eli it 's no use to you anyway . you do not know how to read it . 81 . solara well ... now we have the time , maybe you can teach I . eli maybe . get some sleep . she lie back down beside he , but do not close she eye . she just lie there , watch he . ext . wasteland - dawn the sun rise out of the east . and out of the sun come the fleet of armore vehicle . Racing side - by-side down the road . the lead vehicle come to a halt . a door open and redridge get out . more armed men emerge from the other vehicle and follow he as he march into the wasteland by the roadside . the dead brigands be splay out in the dirt where eli slew they . a flock of buzhard be pick they bone clean . redridge he 's be here . redridge look at the footprint in the dirt head from the body and back onto the road . two set of track . redridge the girl 's with he . he move back to the car . redridge move out ! the other man hold for a moment , still look at the half - eat body in the dirt . redridge turn back . redridge I say move out ! carnegie gunman I hear this guy 's protect somehow , some ... power from up above . that there be not nothing on this earth can touch he . redridge he 's just a man . you put a bullet in he , he will go down like any other . I do not want to hear no more of this superstitious horseshit ! 82. hesitantly , they make they way back to the vehicle . the car gun they engine and move on down the road , past the abandon Chevron station . Dust plume in they wake . ext . road - day eli and solara walk together , pass by a few burn - out building . it appear we might be head toward a town . solara look up at the sweltering sun . then around at she surroundings . nothing but devastation and decay . solara you say you have be walk for twenty - five year . have you ever consider that you might be lose ? eli no . solara but how can you know ? how can you know this be the right way ? eli I tell you . my path have be laid out before I . solara yeah , but laid out by who ? eli by almighty god. solara well if this God guy 's so mighty , how come it 's take you so long to get where you be go ? do not he know the way ? eli wheel around and jab a scolding finger at she . eli you want to stay on this road with I , do not ever let I hear you take he name in vain like that again . solara be surprised by the severity of he reaction . solara sorry . eli resume walk . 83. eli God have a reason for everything be the way it be . it 's not always apparent to we . but it be he plan nonetheless . solara so , be he talk to you right now ? telling you where to go ? eli it 's not like that . it 's kinda hard to explain . I be guide by faith . solara I do not know what that word mean . beat as eli think on how to explain it . eli it mean you know something even though you do not know it . solara think about this , shake she head . solara that do not make any sense at all . eli it do not have to . they walk on . ext . house - day on the outskirt of a small town that lie in ruin . almost every building burn or reduce to rubble . except for one SMALL house . the building be damage and wear but in mostly decent condition . it stand out among its surroundings for be the only structure still intact . the window be barred . the outer structure fortify with sheet metal and other custom patch -up . the whole plot surround by a chain - link fence topped with razor wire . eli and solara crouch behind a pile of rubble nearby . solara I do not get it . it look almost ... normal . like nothing ever happen . how can it still be out here ? 84 . eli I do not know . solara maybe we should look inside . there might be food . beat as eli consider . then stand and unhook he shotgun . eli stay behind I . they approach the house cautiously . arrive at the perimeter fence . there 's a gate hold in place by a padlock . eli pull a pair of bolt-cutter from he belt and snip the padlock free . swing open the gate with a metallic squeak . they move inside , up the garden path . though the soil in the yard be dead , it 's be carefully rake and tend . weed arrange in thoughtful pattern , like real flower . solara this be weird . eli yeah . eli step forward , he foot plant on a cracked paving stone that shift almost imperceptibly under he foot . accompany by a barely audible SOUND . he look down . eli shit . solara what ? a rope noose suddenly whip around they foot , tightening at they ankle and yanking they upside - down into the AIR . eli drop he shotgun to the ground . they hang there for a moment , twist in the breeze . the front door to the house swing OPEN to reveal ... a elderly couple . the woman 's gray hair tie into a neat bun . the man bald , squinting through wire - frame glass . they look like the couple from grant Wood 's " american gothic . " instead of a pitchfork the man hold a 12 - gauge riot shotgun which he keep train from the hip on eli and solara . 85 . they step outside , regard they new visitor carefully . the man seem more suspicious than he wife . he drag eli 's shotgun toward he with he foot , hand it to he wife . elderly man who be you ? eli my name be eli . this be solara . we be traveler , that 's all . we do not mean you any harm . elderly man you cut my padlock . I see you . try to break into we house . eli I be sorry . we do not think anybody live here . we think it be abandon , like all the rest . this seem to annoy the man . elderly man take a look around you . look at this yard . do it look abandon to you ? clearly he 's proud of the work he 's do with the pitiful mean at he disposal . eli no , sir . I ... like what you have do with the place . elderly man what 's you business here ? eli no business . we be sorry to have troubled you . if you will let we down we will happily be on we way . the wife step forward , she 's much warmer , less guard . elderly woman George , look at they ! they be not robber or road agent ! one of they 's just a girl ! elderly man see that before . oldest trick in the book . 86 . elderly woman oh , stop ! it 's no trick . let they down ! the woman glare at he . the husband reluctantly accede and move to the conceal trap apparatus . releases the rope , drop eli and solara to the ground in a heap . the old woman help they to they foot . they shake off the noose from they ankle . elderly woman I be so sorry about my husband . we so rarely get visitor this day , he 's suspicious of everybody . ( beat ) I be martha and this be my husband George . would you care for some tea ? eli and solara exchange a look . what the hell be this ? int . house - live room - day it 's like something out of the world before . the interior be almost perfectly preserve . chintzy couch . a mahogany table . a tv set in the corner . lace curtain . unreal . eli and solara sit on the couch , feel self - conscious and look entirely out of place in this cozy environment . George sit across from they on the couch , scowling at they inhospitably . the shotgun rest across he lap . martha emerge from the kitchen , carry a tray laden with a tea pot and old china cup . crack and fade , but intact . she place the tray on the coffee table and sit . martha I be afraid we do not have any cake or biscuit for the tea . they run out some time ago . she lift the tea port and pour into the cup . but it 's not tea , only water . somewhat murky water . eli and solara stare at the cup , unsure . martha gesture toward they . martha please . they raise they cup and take a sip . martha watch eagerly . it 's clearly a thrill for she to be do something as civilized and elegant as serve " tea " to guest . 87 . martha how do you like it ? eli it 's .. uh ... solara it 's very good . martha smile , delighted . she lift she own cup to she lip . her hand tremble , the cup rattling against the saucer . eli have you always live here ? martha for almost forty year now . this home be we pride and joy , be not it , George ? George just grunt . not interested in conversation . martha we refuse to leave , even during the trouble . we say , do not we George , we say if we be go to die anywhere , we be go to die right here , in we own home . eli I do not understand how you have survive out here this long . martha well , George be something of a handyman , be not you , dear ? he do a lot of work on the place , make it safe . we may be old , but we be resilient . we have have more than a few who have try to take this place from we . have not we , George ? GEORGE yes . yes we have . he stand and move toward the back door . open it up and beckon eli and solara to come look . ext . house - back yard - continuous eli and solara stand in the doorway , look out on the yard . solara be horrify by what she see . 88. the entire back yard be a graveyard . maybe twenty human grave dig shallow into the earth . some be dig long ago , other look like they be very recent . solara be this ... grave ? martha of course . it would be uncivilize not to bury they . we be not barbarian . GEORGE plus , it 's good for the soil . martha come on back inside . I think I might be able to rustle up some sandwich . George and martha go back inside , leave eli and solara gaze at the little graveyard . eli we have to get out of here . solara they look so sweet ... I would never have believe they be killer . eli they be worse than that . solara what ? eli they do not just kill this people . ( beat ) they eat they . solara be stunne . solara they what ? eli there 's a disease in the outland . spread by eat human meat . it affect the brain . dementia , loss of motor function . do you notice the old woman 's hand shaking ? she 's get it . they have both get it . 89 . solara oh my God ... int . house - live room - continuous eli and solara re-enter . solara look at George nervously . he 's still carry that shotgun . martha 's voice drift in from the nearby kitchen . martha ( o.s. ) I find some meat for that sandwich ! be you hungry ? solara no ! thank you ! eli we really must be go . GEORGE so soon ? a unnerve glint in he eye . eli move toward the door . eli yes , I be afraid so . as he get to the door , George move to intercept . hard to tell if he 's block he path or move to open the door for he . a tense beat . martha emerge from the kitchen . martha be you sure you will not stay ? eli yes . thank you again for the tea . eli stare George down . reluctantly , George step aside . eli open the door and escort solara outside . ext . house - continuous eli and solara emerge into the sunlight . walk down the garden path . and freeze in there track . the armed vehicle be coming . driving toward they out of the horizon in a hazy cloud of dust . solara oh no ... it 's my dad . it 's he man . 90 . eli be you sure ? solara I recognize the car . eli back inside . eli bundle solara back into the house . George stand in the doorway , squinting at the approach convoy . int . house - live room - continuous George follow they back in , furious . GEORGE what do you bring upon we ? martha George ? what 's wrong ? GEORGE a whole convoy of armed degenerate , that 's what 's wrong ! come here for they ! and they lead they right to we ! martha rush to the window , pull aside the lace curtain . outside she see the armored vehicle screeching to a halt . the man spill out from the vehicle and take cover behind they , lock and load weapon . martha oh no they do not ... she rush across the room , tooth gritt with determination . GEORGE martha , what be you do ? martha I finally get this house just the way I want it . I be not go to let anybody tear it apart ! she go to the couch and yank off the seat cushion . underneath be a wooden lid which she throw open to reveal : a huge cache of weapon . Automatic rifle . shotgun . pistol . grenade . and enough ammunition for everything . 91 . she pull out a m-60 machine - gun , sling the strap over she shoulder and lock in a chain of bullet . she look like a post-apocalyptic martha Stewart . solara where do you get all this stuff ? George pull out a AK - 47 , slot in a magazine . GEORGE take `em off they who come look to take the place from we . built up quite the stash over the year . he offer a .44 magnum to solara . GEORGE you know how to fire a gun ? solara my daddy show I once . GEORGE just like riding a bike . solara I never ride a bike . George sigh , turn instead to eli. GEORGE how about you , you know how to - eli be already reloading he shotgun , check the barrel . readying the weapon in the practice manner of a expert . GEORGE never mind . ext . house - continuous redridge step forward , raise a bullhorn . redridge we know you be in there ! come on out with you hand up and you weapon on the deck and nobody need to get hurt . silence . no sign of activity inside the house . redridge turn back to he man . they hand tremble . they do not sign up for this , and they be not ready for it . 92 . redridge turn back to the house . into the bullhorn : redridge all right , look . I be gonna make it easy on y'all . bring out the girl with the book . int . house - live room - continuous eli be crouch beneath the window . George and martha have take up position at other window , peer out . redridge ( o.s. ) that 's all we want . the girl and the book . the rest of you 's can go you way . solara what be we go to do ? beat as eli think . eli Hand I my pack . ext . house - day redridge wait . still no sign of a response . his nervous gunman exchange worried look . carnegie gunman # 2 they be not comin ' out . they - redridge raise he hand to silence he . look up as a upstair window slide open . a cloth package be toss from the window . it land in the dirt outside the perimeter fence a few yard from redridge . cautiously , he approach . the package be wrap in cloth and tie up with twine . it look like eli 's bible . he pick it up and tug at the twine , untying it . fold away the cloth wrapping . look for a moment in puzzlement at the object , at the word write on the front of it . this side to face enemy it 's a miniature claymore mine . the small red light on top of the unit illuminate with a beep . armed . redridge Holy shi ... 93. he drop the package in the dirt and race for he life back toward the vehicle . redridge get down ! everybody get down ! he dive across the trunk of the explorer into cover as the mine explode , shatter every window of every vehicle . the lightweight Mini Cooper take the main brunt and explode , cartwheel through the air , a burn wreck . redridge look around . Three man lie dead already . flaming wreckage all around he . suddenly , it 's a war zone . machine -gun FIRE erupt from the house , pepper the vehicle ' armor . the gunman cower behind cover . redridge damn you , return fire ! redridge aim at the house and open FIRE . inspire by he example , the other follow . a hail of bullet criss - cross back and forth . the house 's fade paint facade be shred . int . house - live room - continuous martha continue fire wildly with the m - 60 . scream at the top of she lung , loving every minute of it . martha come and get it , you god - damn son of mother - fuck bitch ! George and eli also open fire from they window , periodically ducking to take cover from income fire . solara sit across the room , in the corner , sobbing . eli it 's all right . we be go to be all right . trust I . more gunfire splinter the window frame above he head . eli you remember what I tell you about faith ? she nod . eli peek out and fire out the window , drop one of the enemy gunman with a crack shot . duck back down as the return fire impact around he . 94 . eli we be go to get out of this alive . both of we . I know . solara because God tell you ? eli because God tell I . amidst all the chaos and gunfire , George have be listen to this exchange . GEORGE what about we ? beat . eli he do not mention you . beat . George chamber a round and resume firing . ext . house - continuous redridge 's man continue the hail of gunfire . six of they dead now , six more still stand . no lessen of fire from inside the house . they be lose . redridge race between the vehicle , ducking from gunfire until he make it to the back of the dodge caravan . pop the trunk and pull out a rocket - propelled grenade launcher . he set it on he shoulder , rest on the trunk to steady he aim . and fire . the rocket scream toward its target , tear through the chain fence and tearing a entire corner from the house in a fiery explosion . int . house - continuous fill with smoke . the sound of coughing . daze , George push he way through the smoke , wave he arm to clear it . a bloody gash on he forehead . GEORGE martha ? martha ! he find she lie on the tile floor in what remain of the kitchen . or at least she top half . the rest of she be go . George slump to he knee with tear - fill eye . take he wife tenderly by the hand for a moment . 95 . then the anger return . he get up and turn , consume now by a wild fury . firing with rage over the tear brick wall . he clip another gunman in the head , kill he . George move back toward the live room , fire as he go . ext . house - continuous redridge move between the car again , stay behind cover . George 's hail of gunfire have they pin down . redridge we get any more of that rpgs ? carnegie gunman # 3 that be it . redridge screw this . redridge jump into the driver 's seat of the minivan , turn the key in the ignition . jam the accelerator down with the butt of he rifle , then shift the transmission into drive . redridge get clear ! the gunman leap clear as the minivan hurtle toward the house , engine roaring . crash through the chain fence . int . house - live room - continuous eli look up from cover and see the van come right at he . he dive clear as the van crash through the wall into the live room . it smashes into the far wall , finally come to a stop . more dust and debris , more cough . eli try to get up , but wince in pain . put he hand to he side , it come back wet with blood . a bad wound . he cover it with he coat , stand and move through the smoke . eli solara ? solara ( o.s. ) eli! he find she in the smoke . she embrace he . eli be you all right ? 96 . solara I be fine . as the smoke clear , solara see George pinned against the wall by the minivan . his body crush . Dead . solara oh God ... eli come on . we be go out the back . we be run . as he help she to she foot , we hear the sound of movement through the rubble . they turn around . the gunman be entering the house , pass through the smoking hole leave by the minivan . eli reach for he sword . met by the sound of multiple gun cocking . redridge step out from among the gunman . smile . redridge go ahead and try it , holy man . you be not that fast . ext . house - day eli and solara be shove out of the house at gunpoint and march past the tear perimeter fence to the vehicle . eli have be stripped of he weapon and backpack . redridge face he and point a pistol at he head . redridge where 's the book ? beat . eli do not answer . redridge cock the pistol . redridge I be not play . redridge stare he down . eli just stare right back . totally unflappable . redridge motion to he man . redridge check the pack . the gunman carry eli 's pack open it up and tip its content out onto the ground . the ghillie suit , battery , some old can goods , other odd and end . no sign of the book . carnegie gunman # 4 it be not here . 97 . redridge it 's gotta be . redridge holster he gun and frisk eli , go through he pocket . find nothing . he open eli 's coat and check the inside pocket . dig around deep inside . redridge hello , what have we here ? and then suddenly he shriek in pain . yank he hand out to reveal eli be rat , teeth sunk deep into he flesh . redridge flail around violently , try to get the rat off he , but it will not let go . his hand be bleed badly . redridge fuck ! get it off ! get it off I ! he finally manage to shake it free . it hit the floor daze . redridge stomp on it with he boot , reduce it to a bloody smear in the dirt . eli lower he head in sadness . redridge clutches he bloody hand , glare at eli furiously . pull he gun again and march right up to he , press the muzzle tight against he forehead . redridge if you do not get the book , what fuck use be you ? his finger tighten on the trigger . solara wait ! she break from the gunman hold she and rush toward redridge . reaches inside she dress and produce the bible . solara it 's here ! I have get it ! please do not kill he . eli solara ... solara it 's just a book , eli . no book be worth give up you life for . eli you be wrong . 98 . satisfied , redridge take the book . run he hand over the leather cover , gaze admiringly at the gold - emboss cross . redridge you do good , sweetheart . you daddy would be proud . he know you would come through for he . solara look at eli guiltily . she feel terrible . solara he say he would hurt my mom . if I do not help he . redridge ( smiling ) daddy 's little girl ... solara stand between he and eli . deadly serious now . solara I want you to let he go . redridge what ? solara you have get what you come for . you do not need he . let he go . redridge he 's kill a dozen of my man . solara if you hurt he , I be not come back with you . you will have to drag I kick and scream . solara glare at redridge . he sigh . he can tell she mean it . it 's not worth the aggravation . he turn back to eli . redridge take you shit and get out of here . eli gather up he stuff into he pack . shoulder it and go to pick up he sword , but redridge put he boot on it . redridge no weapon . eli still have a half - dozen gun train on he . he turn and walk away , toward the road . as he pass solara : 99 . eli I tell you we would both live . now do you have faith ? a tear run down solara 's cheek as she watch he walk away . redridge grab she by the arm and pull she toward the vehicle as he man load up and prepare to move out . in the rearmost vehicle solara sit in the back seat , stare out the rear window as it drive down the road at the tail end of the convoy . she watch as eli move away down the road , get smaller and smaller until he be just a speck on the horizon . she burst into flood of uncontrollable tear . later solara in the back seat , calmer now . the tear dry on she cheek . she sit stare blankly at the driver in front . and then she lunge violently forward . claw and bite at the driver , who struggle to fight she off . his hand come off the wheel and the car fishtail wildly . redridge's vehicle the driver see something odd in the rear-view mirror . driver what the hell ...? redridge turn to see the car behind veering erratically then slamming on the brake , stop in the middle of the road . redridge stop , stop ! the car screech to a halt . redridge watch through the rear window as the driver 's side door open and the driver be kicked out onto the asphalt . the door close again , the engine revs and the car turn around , racing back down the road in the direction it come . redridge shit. turn around ! driver we be not get the gas for it ! 100 . redridge she 's get away ! driver we get the book ! and we get barely enough gas to make it back as it be ! we can not go chasin ' she ! beat . redridge know he 's right . redridge stupid little bitch ... ( beat ) drive on . the car move on , follow the rest of the convoy . ext . house - day solara screech the car to a halt outside the smoking wreckage of the besiege house . she run from the vehicle to where eli' sword lie in the dirt and grab it up . ext . road - dusk solara race down the road in the car , pedal to the metal . solara come on , come on ... eventually , she see he . at first just a dot on the horizon . but unmistakably eli . by now , she would know he anywhere . suddenly the engine splutter . she check the fuel gauge ; the needle deep in the red . she pound the wheel in frustration . solara no ... no ! the car grind to a halt , dead . she fling open the door and leap out of the vehicle , rush after eli on foot . on eli . as always , he pace steady and slow . the sun directly ahead of he as it set on the horizon . headed always west . solara be run up behind he , a hundred yard back . solara eli! eli! he do not stop or look back . just keep on walk . she finally catch up with he , breathe hard , exhaust . 101 . solara eli ... eli think you would go back to town . solara I can not go back there . eli , I be so sorry . eli for what ? solara for what ? I betrayed you ! I give they the book ! eli you do what you believe you have to . solara you be not mad at I ? beat . eli I forgive you . she continue walk alongside he . try to process this . this kind of compassion be totally foreign to she . she hold out the sword , offer it to eli by way of atonement . solara here . I think you might still need this . eli seem appreciative that she would think to return it to he . he take it and sling it over he shoulder . eli thank you . solara what be you go to do now ? eli same as always . keep head west . solara why ? I mean , you do not have the book any more . 102 . eli but I still have my faith . they walk on together , into the sunset . ext . northern california - montage - day eli and solara follow the road through burn - out town and retail neighborhood . gut and dead , like every place else . but something be different here . thing be greener . tuft of grass here and there . they attract solara 's attention . solara what 's that ? eli reach down and run he hand through the grass . eli it 's grass . it use to grow all over the place . solara how come it 's here ? eli I do not know . less poison in the air this near to the ocean , maybe . they keep walk . eli groan , clutches he side . do he best to hide he pain from solara . she notice anyway . solara what 's wrong ? eli nothing . just a cramp . ext . freeway - night they walk on through the night . eli stop and sniff the air . solara what ? eli do you smell that ? solara smell what ? eli Salt in the air . we be close to the ocean . we be almost there . 103 . ext . california road - dawn they keep on along the road . a shallow uphill incline . they follow it uphill , finally reach its crest , where they stop and take in the view before they . the pacific ocean . straddle by the golden gate bridge - the once - great structure have partially collapse from decade of neglect and disrepair . the span sag and hang low over the ocean , the asphalt crack and rupture . on the other side of the bay , san francisco - or the little that remain of it . the city have be almost totally destroyed - entire area reduce to rubble , the few building still stand look on the verge of collapse . solara look at it all in horrify awe . eli , unperturb , keep on move , still clutching he side . eli come on . ext . golden gate bridge - day eli and solara make they way south across the bridge , side - step the fracture in the road . ext . san francisco ruins - day eli lead solara through the rubble of what use to be San Francisco . it 's like walk through the wreckage of 9/11 's Ground Zero , but a hundred time the scale . horrify . they pass by the wreckage of a HOTEL , nothing but the lobby still stand . a hilton sign protrude from the rubble . eli use he sheathed sword as a walk stick , poke around ahead of he for loose rubble underfoot . he step carefully . eli watch you foot . step where I step . ext . san francisco - financial district - day more building be still stand here , but they be nothing more than great dead monolith . solara look up at the blast skyscraper - she 's never see anything like it . the building loom over she like giant tombstone . it scare she - like walk through the graveyard of a dead world . solara this ... this be the world before ? 104 . eli what 's leave of it . they keep walk , pass the toppled transamerica pyramid . ext . san francisco - fisherman' wharf - day once a bustling oceanside tourist spot , now a ghost town . eli and solara walk along the litter - strewn street , pass the old ripley's believe-it-or - not and wax museum . the celebrity mannequin be still in fair condition , but slump at they foot be charree human skeleton . eli be struggle now . he look pale from the blood loss . his breathe labor . solara take he by the arm to help he . ext . san francisco - pier 39 - day a dead , ruin place , like everywhere else . we hear the sound of seagull nearby - the only sign of life at all . eli and solara walk along the pier , until they reach its end . the original end have long since collapse into the sea , but a rickety hand - made rope bridge have be affix to the pier 's shear - off edge . eli and solara stand at the pier 's end , look out to sea . eli do you see that ? solara I see it . be that it ? eli that 's it . reveal now that the rope-bridge lead out across the bay to : alcatraz island look much the same as it always have , old and dilapidate . the coastal fog shroud it give it a ethereal look . it feel almost like a mythic place - the " promise land " eli have seek for so many year . a tatter star and stripe still flutter in the breeze atop the prison lighthouse . 105 . ext . BAY rope bridge - day eli and solara make they way carefully across the bridge . it feel highly unstable and sag low over the bay , the water below close enough to lap around they ankle . ext . alcatraz island - day eli and solara arrive at the prison gate . securely lock . as they inspect it for a possible way to enter : voice ( o.s. ) who go there ? they look up . a guard in paramilitary fatigue be station in one of the perimeter tower . train a rifle on they . alcatraz guard identify yourselves ! in the opposite tower another guard have he rifle train on they too . eli look up , raise he hand . eli my name be elijah Stone . I have a message for you boss . I need you to tell he that I have a King James Bible in my possession . beat . alcatraz guard remain where you be ! do not attempt to move or you will be fire upon ! keeping the gun train on they , the tower guard use he free hand to talk into a walkie - talkie radio . we do not hear the conversation . all eli and solara can do be wait . the guard put away he radio and shout back down : alcatraz guard be prepare to surrender any weapon at the gate ! beat . and then the massive front gate slowly OPEN on mechanical runners with the low groan of rusted iron . eli and solara look at each other , then step gingerly inside . 106 . int . alcatraz - MAIN gate - continuous as soon as they step inside they be surrounded by dozen of heavily - armed soldier . not U.S. military , more like a semi - official militia . but every bit as deadly . eli and solara raise they hand . a pair of soldier take eli 's pack and sword , pat they both down for other weapon . soldier they be clean . the soldier before they part - to reveal a thin , balding man wear spectacle . he wear kevlar body armor over he tweed jacket and tie . professorial , academic . he approach , shake eli 's hand vigorously - very excited . thin man welcome , both of you . I be Professor lombardi . I be the curator here . eli elijah Stone . solara solara . lombardi solara . what a delightful name . be that by any chance shakespearean ? solara I , uh , I think it 's japanese . lombardi wonderful . he turn back to eli. lombardi be it true what they tell I ? you have a King James version ? eli be carry it with I for twenty - five year . solara look at eli , puzzle . lombardi find it hard to contain he excitement . lombardi my goodness . I can not tell you how exciting this be . well , come , come ! ( more ) 107 . lombardi ( cont would ) I will give you the nickel tour and then we can all sit down and take a look at it . he lead they across the courtyard into the prison building . ext . desert town - MAIN STREET - day redridge 's remain vehicle drive back into town and come to a halt outside the theater . redridge emerge from he car , carry the bible . walk up to the palladium and enter . int . alcatraz - cell block - day what be once a cell block be now a immense library . stack floor to ceiling with book . lombardi show eli and solara around . behind they , a pair of armed guard follow closely . lombardi yes , we have be do this for some time now . collect over thirty thousand volume from generous donor all across the nation . we even have a printing press that we hope to have operational soon . solara be stunne as she survey the endless stack of book . she 's never see anything like it . solara you turn the whole prison into a library ? lombardi well , not exactly . we be more like a storage facility . we be hold this book here in trust , if you like . when society get back on its foot and no longer need we to preserve this volume , they will be here wait . ( beat ) I must ask you , how do you hear about we ? we have be do everything we can to get the word out , but we always like to know where we benefactor come from . eli I be send here by God . lombardi raise a quizzical eyebrow . 108 . lombardi be that right ? well , it 's good to know we be get such high - profile referral this day . ( beat ) I must say , I be so excited that we finally have a King James . you know , we have a talmud here , we have two koran , we even have that Scientology book . but never a Christian bible , until now . I honestly believe it be the one book I would never see again , after what happen ... beat . lombardi appear sad for a moment . lombardi May I ask what condition it 's in ? eli it 's a little beat -up . but it will do the job . lombardi well , then . what say we take a look at it ? lombardi look at eli with anticipation . so do solara , interested to know where this be go to go next . eli wince in pain , put he hand to he side . eli be there someplace we could sit ? lombardi of course . right this way . int . palladium auditorium - carnegie' BOX redridge appear . Carnegie look at he eagerly . carnegie do you get it ? redridge hold the bible up proudly . Carnegie beam . carnegie show I . redridge hand it over . Carnegie sit back in he chair , run he hand lovingly over the batter leather cover . 109 . carnegie the new world begin here ... he open the book and look inside . beat . and then he look up at redridge , confuse . carnegie what the fuck be this ? int . alcatraz - cafeteria - day eli , solara and lombardi sit at one of the long lunch - room table . the two armed guard keep watch nearby . eli do you have something you can write with ? lombardi mmm ? oh , yes of course ! he pull a pen from he pocket , motion to one of the guard . lombardi could you please bring we some write paper ? the guard nod and move toward the door . as he do so : eli bring a lot of it . int . palladium auditorium - carnegie' BOX Carnegie look at the open bible , jaw hang loose , he complexion ashen . like he 's just be slap in the face . redridge what ? what be it ? int . alcatraz - cafeteria - day the guard bring a thick sheaf of writing paper to the cafeteria table , set it down by lombardi . eli be you ready ? lombardi what exactly be I write ? 110 . eli pay close attention and write down every word exactly as I say it . eli remove he goggle . solara can not believe what she see . his eye be pale , milky - white , dead . totally blind . eli the first Book of mose call Genesis . chapter one , verse one . in the beginning God create the heaven and the earth . verse two . the earth be without form , and void ; and darkness be on the face of the deep . and the spirit of God be hover over the face of the water . verse three . and God say , " let there be light , " and there be light . lombardi hurriedly write down every word . int . palladium auditorium - carnegie' BOX Carnegie sit at he desk , still in shock . eli 's bible sit open on the desk before he . a braille bible . Claudia be ushere in by a guard . claudia what 's wrong ? he rush forward and thrust the bible into she hand . carnegie you tell I once that you know how to read this . this blind language . claudia well , a long time ago , when I be a little girl ... carnegie you be go to read it for I . every word . and I be go to write it down . start at the beginning . as Carnegie hunt on he desk for a paper and pen , Claudia open the book and trail she fingertip across the raise lettering . 111 . for a moment there be a glimmer of recognition ... a faint smile ... but then it fade as Carnegie turn back to she , eagerly clutching the write material . claudia I be sorry . it 's be so long . I do not remember . I do not remember any of it . Carnegie be aghast . beat as the anger swell within he , threaten to explode ... carnegie God fuck dammit ! he swipe violently at the bible , knock it out of Claudia 's hand . he grab it up and try to rip it in two , but it 's too thick to tear . Red -face with rage , he toss it out over the box balcony . it land somewhere in the dark auditorium below , between the row of gut theater seat . as he pace angrily back past Claudia : claudia Bill , be there something - carnegie just go . just get out of my sight . he slump in he chair , exhaust and furious . Claudia sadly turn and leave he alone with he thought . int . alcatraz - cafeteria - night some considerable time later . great stack of paper have be fill with lombardi 's handwrite . lombardi 's pen race across the paper , struggle to keep up with eli 's recitation . solara be curl up on a nearby bench , asleep . eli 's coat cover she to keep she warm . eli clutches he wound painfully as he continue to recite . he look paler now than ever . Close to death . eli ( v.o. ) dear Lord , thank you for give I the strength and the conviction to complete the task you entrust to I . thank you for guide I straight and true , through the many obstacle in my path . ( more ) 112 . eli ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) and for keep I resolute when all around seem lose . ext . alcatraz - exercise yard - pre-dawn the prison yard shroud in the dim light just before dawn . solara cross the yard . she look more mature somehow . determined and strong . she carry with she eli' sword - and something else , tuck under she arm . eli ( v.o. ) thank you for you protection and for you many sign along the way . she stop in a nondescript corner of the yard . at she foot be a shallow mound of dirt . at the head of the mound , a simple tombstone . she kneel and place a single flower on the grave . int . palladium - carnegie' bedroom - night lit only by the pale moonlight , barely enough to see by . Carnegie sleep soundly in bed . next to he lie Claudia , wide awake . she check that Carnegie be sound asleep , careful not to wake he before she creep out of bed and exit . int . palladium auditorium - night Claudia be on she hand and knee in the darkness , search blindly in the aisle and beneath the theater seat . she find eli 's bible in some litter strewn on the floor . eli ( v.o. ) thank you for the good that I have do . for whatever light you be able to shine into the darkness of this world through I . sitting in the darkness , Claudia open the book and run she finger across the braille , read . and though we can barely see in the dim light , we see the smile on she face . the joy . ext . alcatraz - exercise yard - dawn as solara kneel by the grave , we see now that she wear eli 's saint christopher pendant around she neck . the tombstone read : 113 . here lie elijah stone died august 21 , 2048 faithful servant to the lord and friend to solara she unsheathes eli 's sword , plant it in the ground before he grave . take the book from under she arm and open it up . it 's a new bible . crudely typeset from lombardi 's original transcription and print on the prison press . she open it up and begin to read a passage from the bible over eli 's grave . we do not hear what she say . as solara finish she read and close the bible , lombardi appear behind she . lombardi you know , you do not have to leave . you be welcome to stay here with we . you will be safe . solara thanks . she stand , pull eli 's sword from the earth . solara but I gotta do what I gotta do . lombardi where will you go ? beat . solara look at the sword , she finger play across its hilt . the blade glimmer in the light of the rise sun . there be a determine , purposeful look in she eye . solara Home . ext . alcatraz island - dawn the sun rise through the fog on the horizon . the great iron gate grind open . solara emerge from inside the prison , step out onto the island rock . she be dress in a flak jacket , combat pants and boot . eli 's old pack across she back . Hair tie in a neat pony tail . atop that , eli 's rag fur hat . eli ( v.o. ) thank you for the friend I make . 114 . in she hand she clutches a copy of the newly - print bible . eli 's sword sling over she shoulder . eli ( v.o. ) please watch over she as you watch over I . montage as solara walk back along fisherman 's wharf ... through the San Francisco rubble ... across the Golden Gate bridge ... eli ( v.o. ) thank you for allow I finally to rest . I be so very tired . the time of my departure be at hand and now I surrender my soul into you care , at peace in know that I have carry out you will . that I have do right with my time on this earth . ext . road - day ... and finally back onto a desolate road lead off into the desert wasteland . she look up and down the road , then turn and head toward the sun on the horizon . headed east . eli ( v.o. ) I have fight the good fight . I have finish the race . as she walk away into the sun , she lonely silhouette on the road remind we of eli as we see he so many time before . eli ( v.o. ) I have keep the faith . she grow smaller and smaller as she walk into the distance , until she consume by the rise sun and we fade out :