interior : telephone company information office . day . we move slowly through a crowded office . a hundred information operator in booth . sharon work at a computer terminal . Close on she . she 's on a kind of autopilot as she do she job , and the people talk to she hear so little personality that she humanity barely register . that she might have a beauty that be become hollow , or a private life that would astonish they -- this , no one think about . she watch the clock . five minute to six . sharon please hold for the number . Operator 134 , what city please ? ( pause , as she type in the name . ) be that a business or residence ? please hold for the number . ( pause . ) Operator 134 . what city please ? ( pause . ) how do you spell that ? the clock . two minute to six . sharon ( pause ) please hold for the number . ( pause . ) Operator 134 . what city please ? ( pause . ) be that a business or residence ? ( pause . ) please hold for the number . pause . behind she , a woman , another operator , wait for the chair . six o'clock . sharon get up . the other operator take she place and take she headphone . sharon start to stand as she begin the next sentence . pause . sharon Operator 134 . be that a business or residence ? and the other operator take she headset and complete the number as sharon leave she post . operator please hold for the number . sharon walk away . cut to : exterior : STREET . night . and now we see she sit in the back of a jaguar convertible . VIC be drive the car . VIC look to someone offscreen . VIC what about they ? sharon no . he 's wear a rug , and she have a nose job . VIC it 's not a bad nose job . sharon they be all bad . now we see VIC . he be a beardless werewolf [ I mean , spiritually ] . sharon be excited . she like danger . underneath , we feel she deep exhaustion . sharon let 's go to the Continental Club . VIC really ? sharon come on , Vic , you do not want to go back to the airport . he 's think . VIC I like the airport . I like the bar at the airport hotel . I like tourist . ( meaning the bar : ) I do not want that tonight . sharon what 's the matter , be you scared of get dirty ? VIC ( uncertain ) maybe . sharon c'mon , Vic . that 's the place to start . let 's have some fun . from she challenging smile , he laugh , we cut to : interior : bar . night . a rummy 's bar in Hollywood . sharon and VIC lean against a wall , drink from bottle . VIC study a couple sit alone at a table , side by side . sharp -feature , long-haire , not talk , they be smoking . sharon I like they . VIC you would . sharon and VIC walk across the floor to the table . they slide into the seat face the couple . call she diana . call he randy . VIC I be Vic . sharon I be Sharon . VIC hi. randy and diana be quietly amused . randy what bring you to this side of town ? sharon we get tired of shoot the dog where the rich people live . diana what be you look for now ? sharon now we be look for something a little less obvious . VIC but fun . definitely fun . we be very social people . randy you might be ask for something you could not handle . sharon I can handle it . randy what if thing go out of control ? sharon what 's control get to do with it ? VIC I think he want to find out if you have any limit . sharon tell he that I have not find they yet . VIC Sharon have not find she limit yet . diana talk , talk , talk . ( to randy : ) let 's go somewhere . VIC I have a store . let 's go to the store . they stand up . VIC take diana be hand . randy and sharon follow . cut to : interior : vic' store . night . VIC lead the other in , turn on light and slow dance music ( Little Richard sing " directly from my heart " ) . we move through the store to a far corner , to a model bedroom . sharon reach out to randy and pull he to she . randy let go of diana and dance with sharon . they dance to be watch . they be move toward a bed . diana take VIC be hand . they dance . a blue song play . randy come here . come here and have a seat . sharon come on , let 's fool around . randy lift sharon into he arm . sharon ohh . what a man . randy Nice store you get here , vic. Nice . sharon dance slowly with randy ; they grind into each other , put on a show . sharon and VIC watch each other . diana come on . show I what you mean by fun . VIC unnh-uhh . sharon see this and shake she head . diana go to randy and sharon . sharon Vic like to watch . randy watch this . and we stay with Vic 's face as the other three fall on the bed . dissolve to : interior : vic' store . night . sharon , randy , and diana on a bed . they sex be a ritual , and the surprise here be they need . sharon be the subject . they finish . they be still for a moment . sharon get up . we watch randy watch she . sharon sit on the arm of a leather couch , smoking . randy come over to she . behind they , Vic begin fuck diana . sharon look grim . randy study she . randy be that far enough ? sharon turn to look at he . sharon Randy , right ? randy hey , you remember my name . sharon hi , Randy . randy be it enough ? sharon that be ... interesting . the camera pull back . we hear diana as VIC try to come . cut to : interior : telephone company information office . day . sharon work at a computer terminal . Close on she . sharon Operator 134 , what city please ? ( pause , as she type in the name . ) be that a business or residence ? ( pause . ) hold for the number . ( pause . ) this be operator 134 . what city ? ( pause . ) can you spell that ? ( pause . ) be that D as in Dick ? ( pause . ) please hold for the number . cut to : interior : telephone company vending -machine room . day . coffee break . move through the room . everyone sit alone , recover from the phone . sharon enter stare into space . behind she be a group of worker , talk quietly but passionately . at first , sharon do not listen . bit of the follow drift into consciousness . worker # 1 hi , Wayne . it be much stronger last night , be not it ? worker # 2 by a factor of five . worker # 3 it be almost like the first time , I mean , it be that clear . worker # 1 and the horn , the sound of a horn , that be new . worker # 2 one note , a very clear tone . I find it on my piano ; it 's B flat . worker # 1 what do you think ? sharon have lean back in she chair to eavesdrop . worker # 3 I think it 's go to happen , and soon . have you be praying ? worker # 2 , face sharon be back , see she lean in and put a finger to he lip . worker # 2 yes , as much as I can . the other two glance over they shoulder at sharon . she look over she shoulder and see they look at she . she pull she chair forward . worker # 3 what do the Boy say ? worker # 1 not yet . cut to : interior : sharon' apartment . night . she be in bed with randy . under the sheet , he stroke she . she come , push he hand away . sharon tell I a story . randy hmmm . he try to start again . sharon no , no , no . I already know that story . tell I something new . he think about it . randy I have do thing for money . sharon like what ? randy thing I wish I have not . sharon like what ? randy I kill a man once . sharon for how much ? randy for a thousand dollar . sharon that 's not very much money . randy it be a lot then . all I can say now be , I wish I have not . sharon why ? randy " Cause it stay with I . I mean , I kill a man . I take he life , he only life . that 's bad . sharon do you know he ? randy sharon well , why do the people who pay you want he dead ? randy there be some question you do not ask . after that , they offer I another job , the same kind of job , better money . sharon and do you do it ? randy no . but I think about that kill a lot . I think , you know , if we be not a long teach that kill be bad , would I still feel as bad ? sharon I do not know . randy you do not know . be you scared of I now ? sharon do anyone pay you to kill I ? pause . randy that be not a good year . 1975 , that be my best year . I be nineteen . what be you best year ? sharon hmmm . I guess I be still wait . I do not know . I do not know . everything just seem so empty . time pass so quickly . randy yeah ? I think it 's kind of slow . sharon no , I mean , like a day . you know , a day be always just over ... I do not know what I be try to say . randy I think I understand . sharon oh really ? why do not you let I in on my secret . randy I think that you be depressed , and I think that you should see a therapist . sharon oh , that 's great . that 's fuck brilliant . cut to : interior : sharon' apartment . day . sharon pull subscription card out of magazine . a door bell ring ; then there 's a knock at the door . sharon answer it . two man wear suit , white shirt , and dark tie be there . both be in they late thirty or early forty . in New York , you would assume they be banker or painter try to look like banker . they be evangelist . none of the evangelist in this film sound like tv preacher or have a hint of the South in they accent . first evangelist you understand that this be the last day . it can not go on like this . God be come back . his prophecy be now be fulfil . second evangelist you have to accept Jesus as you Lord and savior . sharon otherwise first evangelist you will not be save . she shut the door . pause . she open it again . the man be still there , still smile . second evangelist we be not try to scare you . first evangelist no . second evangelist do you understand the difference between righteousness and faith ? sharon why do not you tell I . second evangelist it 's only by the grace of God you will be save . sharon but what if I lead a good life ? do it still matter if I do not believe ? first evangelist do you really lead a good life ? sharon no . second evangelist you have to believe . if you do not , you go to Hell . sharon well , that do not seem fair . first evangelist I use to think that . but then I meet him . sharon who ? second evangelist that 's what we be try to tell you . first evangelist ( from John 3:16 ) for God so love the world that he give he only begotten Son . that whosoever should believe in him should not perish but have everlast life . second evangelist you can have what we have . first evangelist a personal relationship with the Son of God . second evangelist it 's hard to believe unless you believe it . but when you believe it , then it 's easy . you just know . sharon what ? first evangelist him . sharon how ? first evangelist who know ? it just be . sharon right . and I be suppose to buy this ? he hand she a small Bible . first evangelist no . it 's a gift . second evangelist we know what you be think ... it do not make sense . sharon no . second evangelist I be like you . sharon I doubt it . second evangelist no , really . sharon and , like I say , I doubt it . the man turn and leave . as they walk away , sharon speak : sharon I hear someone talk about the Boy ? who 's the Boy ? second evangelist some people say that he 's a prophet in the old tradition . first evangelist and some people say there be other like he , all around the country . second evangelist all around the world . sharon and what do you say ? second evangelist I say trust in God . the second evangelist give sharon a warm smile . sharon Excuse I . and she shut the door . cut to : interior : telephone company information office . day . sharon work at a computer terminal . Close on she . sharon Operator 134 . what city please ? ( pause . ) City please ? ( pause . ) please hold for the number . ( pause . ) Operator 134 . what city please ? ( pause . ) be that a business or residence ? exterior / interior : sharon' apartment . day . the phone ring . she pick up , and we hear VIC on the line . sharon hello ? VIC ( voice -over ) Sharon ? sharon hi , Vic . VIC ( voice - over ) I drop by a few of the hotel near the airport today . you will never guess who I find . the most fascinating couple , really . they be from Philadelphia . well , he 's from Pennsylvania and she 's from Florida and they be marry . be not that romantic ? she see evangelist pass outside on bicycle . sharon what time ? VIC ( voice -over ) pick you up at nine . exterior : vic' wife's house . night . sharon look out . behind she , VIC be dance with angie and the executive . interior : vic' wife's house . night . executive here 's to open-minded people and L.A. , my kind of town . angie do not you have , uhh , ( to she husband while she corner VIC ) something better to do ? executive I be do it . angie laugh as the executive go to sharon . she decline . sharon be point of view as he walk back to the group . VIC dance with angie while the executive grope she a little . the executive unzip the back of angie be dress as he turn she around , and as the dress fall away , sharon can see a tattoo through the veil of angie be long black hair . the tattoo be not finish : we see a long boat with a angel blow a horn on the bow . behind the scene be a large pearl . sharon what be that ? VIC what be you talk about ? sharon she have a tattoo on she back . VIC look . VIC whoa . angie I get it when I be a kid . executive this be before she meet I . angie I get drunk one night . sharon one night . you have it do in one night ? executive well , you know how kid be . I almost get a tattoo once . she be drunk . angie wrap herself around VIC . the naked executive fondle sharon while she watch VIC and angie kiss and laugh , the executive want to get inside she , but she will not let he , he can only use he hand . for a moment , she enjoy it , but the pearl on angie be back be too compelling . sharon Angie , you get that in one night ? VIC maybe she do not want to talk about it . angie there 's nothing to talk about . sharon why do you get it ? VIC Sharon ? can we talk about it later ? sharon I mean it must have be painful . angie realize she have to deal with sharon be curiosity . angie ( face sharon ) I do not remember , and I do not know why I get it . she look at the executive . he give she a compassionate look . executive its okay , Angie . I be here . I be with you . sharon why would you get a tattoo that you do not really want ? I be sorry , I do not want to make you unhappy , but I really need to know . angie why ? sharon I do not know . I do not know . it 's important . ( she ask again : ) what be it ? angie do not you know what 's go on ? sharon what ? angie the dream ? the Pearl ? sharon what dream ? executive tell they . cut to : interior : telephone company vending -machine room . day . the three worker be sit together , drink coffee . sharon come into the room and walk over to they , then sit down . she act as though she 's see the light , but she 's heavy - hand and obvious . sharon hi , it 's a beautiful day , be not it ? how be you ? worker # 1 ( cautious ) we be fine . and you ? sharon I be fine . now that I dream about the Pearl . silence . the man watch she carefully . she become uncomfortable , but they do not release she from they hard stare . she be be evaluate . worker # 2 what dream would that be ? sharon the Pearl . I dream about the Pearl . worker # 3 tell we about it . sharon worker # 1 what do it look like ? sharon you know . the Pearl . it 's a big pearl by a river . worker # 3 no , it 's not . worker # 1 you have not see it . sharon yes , I have . worker # 2 you can not fake it . slump , defeat . worker # 1 it 's a message from God . if you really want it , all you have to do be pray . sharon ( disdainfully ) pray . worker # 2 he 's come back . sharon slow down . if everybody be get this dream , how come it be not on the news ? worker # 2 that who need to know , know . worker # 1 and that who do not believe will not get the dream . sharon there be five billion people on the planet . there 's I - do not - know -how - many religion . why do the God of some little country on the Mediterranean have to be the God for everyone ? be not that a little arrogant ? I mean , really ? the buddhist get along okay without Jesus Christ . the hindus get along okay without Jesus Christ . the Moslems seem to be get along okay without Jesus Christ . worker # 1 but none of they be save . cut to : interior : sharon' apartment . night . sharon come in . she go to the bedroom . VIC be in bed with a woman . VIC Sharon , this be my friend andrea . andrea be from nebraska . come and join ? sharon leave and slump down a wall in the next room . exterior : sharon' apartment . day . sharon smoke on the balcony . something have change . interior : sharon' apartment . bedroom . night . sharon wake up . she shake randy . sharon get up . randy what ? sharon get up , or get out . randy what do I do ? sharon I have to make the bed . randy come on , look , no , it 's three o'clock in the morning . sharon get out of bed , or get out of the house . randy why ? sharon this bed be unclean . randy I be out , I be out . unclean ... you change the sheet yesterday . sharon shut up ! and he get then we cut Close - up of help ; he out of bed . she rip the sheet off the bed and to : clean sheet be put over the bed . randy be not lean against a wall , try to sleep . sharon I be start over , Randy . I have have enough . randy enough what ? there be a God , a God , when do you I be try , salvation . sharon I need a new direction in my life . I know it , there be and I be go to meet him . randy get religion ? sharon Randy . I want my randy Sharon , you be fine the way you be . sharon you just want to live in sin , do not you ? randy that 's right . I just want to live in sin . sharon Fine , be a slave to the Devil . randy Devil ? do you remember where we meet ? do not start ask I now to apologize for who I be or what I believe in . sharon oh , and what do you believe in ? randy there be no God . there 's only chaos . interior : sharon' apartment . bathroom . night . sharon take a shower . randy talk to she through the glass . sharon and why do we have such guilty conscience ? answer that ? randy you be the one with the guilty conscience . I sleep really well , or at least I use to . ( he test the shower water . ) Jesus Christ , that 's hot . sharon do not take the Lord 's name in vain , Randy . that 's one of the commandment , it even come before theft and adultery , it even come before murder . that 's how important it be not to take the Lord 's name in vain . randy since when have you know the Lord ? sharon I be try to . randy and what do a shower at three in the morning have to do with eternal salvation ? sharon be wash herself in a steaming hot shower . she scrub herself with a hard brush . she get out of the shower . sharon I want to be clean . be I clean ? randy watch in silence as she dry herself with a towel , clean she fingernails , and brushes she tooth . she speak to he in she reflection . randy yeah , you be clean . sharon when you do something wrong , we feel bad , and that 's because there 's a little bit of God in all of we , tell we to change we way before it 's too late . be not that right ? randy no , it 's not right . it 's just condition by society . all we be be animal whose brain have become too big and too complicated for the purpose of satisfy we animal need , which be food and sex . sharon there be a spiritual need which be just as real as hunger , just as real as the need for love . randy sharon sharon and he Sharon , do not you understand what 's go on ? the world 's a disaster . we have no power to make it better . you hate you job . you hate you life . but you want to feel special . but instead of let I do that , you be rush off to something that 's not even there . there 's no Pearl , there 's only we . floss she tooth . sharon I feel sorry for you , Randy , I really do . but you have to leave . randy I do not want to leave . I want to stay here with you . you know I . we know each other . we know each other 's secret , that 's something . I think we can love each other , and I think you feel that too . sharon there have to be something more . randy why ? cry . sharon I be tired of the pain in my life . I be tired of feel empty all the time . randy let I help you . sharon why can not we let God help both of we ? randy because there be no God . be out the door . hold on sharon . exterior : driveway . night . randy get into he truck . cut to : interior : sharon' apartment . bedroom . night . sharon read the Bible the evangelist give she and then simply clutches it . she try to sleep , to relax . her eye close . whatever it be , self - consciousness or doubt , she can not force herself to believe . sharon ( whisper ) God , please , please , please help I . God , I be lose . cut to : exterior : endless boulevard . day . sharon drive aimlessly . she stop for a hitchhiker name tommy , rough -look , with a bedroll and a rucksack . cut to : interior : sharon' car . day . tommy chick do not usually stop for I . ( no response from sharon . ) in fact , I think they think I be dangerous . ( pause , again no response . ) they be probably right . I be not as dangerous as some guy I know , but I would never give myself a lift , that 's for sure . no way . if I be a chick , no double - fuck way would I give I a lift . I have look in the mirror . I have see myself . I mean , with my thumb out , if I be a chick and I see I , no sir . on the other hand , if I be a , if I be the one who be hitching and I be a chick , I would stop for I in a second . in fact , I would , I would fuck I , too . in fact , if I be hitching and I be a chick , and I get stop by a chick , I would fuck I that way , too . yeah . in fact , I would not mind get into a bi-girl scene with myself . actually , you be the first chick that have ever give I a lift . I think other chick do not pick I up because they can tell I carry a gun and I have be to prison in vermont . I do not think they can tell I have be to prison , but that 's where I be from . vermont . you ever be to vermont ? ( sharon do not answer . ) I be from the lemon Fair Valley . actually , there 's no lemon in vermont . actually , it come from the french , Lay moan vayer , which mean the Green Mountains . which be what vermont mean . Green Mountains . vert : green. mont : Mountains . vermont . Green Mountains . anyway , my father 's a farmer . I leave home . what 's you name ? I be Tommy . sharon Sharon . tommy oh yeah ? with who ? sharon what ? tommy who you sharin ' it with ? you gonna share it with I ? cut to : exterior : adult motel . day . track shot past the entrance . sharon be be not the only car park at the motel . interior : adult motel . day . tommy be on the round bed . he play with a knife . we hear the shower run . the camera peek into the bathroom . interior : adult motel . bathroom . day . sharon be in the shower , dress . tommy be rucksack be just outside the bathroom . tommy Sharon ? do you know that the state bird of vermont be the hermit thrush ? I will bet you do not know that . the state flower be the Red clover . highest point be mount mansfield , I believe , which be four thousand three hundred ninety - three something , I do not know . hey , have you get a quarter ? let 's get some magic finger go in here . how would that be ? interior : adult motel . day . sharon pull a gun from tommy' rucksack . he hear something , turn . sharon be stand there drip , with the gun . sharon it 's time for you to go . tommy uhhh ? sharon you have to go , Tommy , and you have to leave I you gun . tommy ahhhh ! tommy raise he knife , she cock the gun , and he plunge it into the bed . dissolve to : exterior / interior : adult motel . later . sharon be in bed , the blanket pull up over she head . she pull the blanket down . she reach beside she for she bag . she open she bag . a pint of pear schnapp . she drink half the schnapp . she take the gun and put it under she chin . she close she eye and hold the gun for a long moment . she open she eye . the disorder of the room bother she . she get out of the bed and put everything from the bag but the gun back into it . the ashtray on the night table be fill with crush butt . she pull the drawer open to hide the ashtray , and she find the gideon Bible . she put the ashtray on top of the Bible . she be a bit disgust with herself ; disappointed at she lack of resolve . then she take the Bible out of the drawer and open it . she start to read the Gospel . a golden light fill the room . sharon be throw backward by it , and before she 's eclipse by its brilliance : dissolve to : extreme close - up : a pearl . you have never see a pearl this close , so close that we lose its shape . all we can see of it be the color : the change white , silver , and pink . it be beautiful . you do not want it to go away . dissolve to : interior : sharon' apartment . day . sharon be sleep , smile , at peace . she wake up . everything be different . she get up . she go to she closet and take a simple dress from a hanger . she hear a door . VIC be behind she . she cover herself with the dress . sharon can I get dress ? VIC where be you ? sharon turn around . VIC really ? she nod . he do while she put on the dress . VIC c'mon . where have you be ? sharon I go away for a few day . VIC who would you go with ? sharon no one . VIC meet anyone ? sharon yes , yes , I do . I do meet someone . VIC can sense that something be different about she by the way she talk to he so directly and so calmly , and by she placid smile . VIC lie on the bed . she come out from behind the door . VIC be you okay ? sharon I be fine , Vic . I be really , really fine . VIC unnh-uhh . no you be not . something 's go on . you have change . you have get this look right now . sharon what look ? VIC that goofy smile . sharon if I tell you , you be not go to believe I . but I have to tell you , so it really do not matter if you do not believe I . it do not matter to I . I mean it matter to I , but you be the one who really need to hear this now . VIC you meet a guy . sharon well , guy be not exactly the word I would use for him . VIC you fox , you fall in love . sharon ( deadly serious ) yes . VIC wait until he find out about you . sharon well , he know all about I . VIC be he as bad a boy as I be ? sharon I think you should meet him . VIC do you tell he about I ? sharon I tell you , he know everything . VIC he 's rich , right ? he 's some rich guy , and you fall for some line of he . sharon you could love him , too . VIC ( laugh ) oh , no , you fall in love with some rich homosexual . sharon he 's the Lord Jesus Christ , Vic . he 's the Son of God . VIC jump off the bed . VIC Sharon , do you quit you job ? sharon why would I do that ? VIC so you can go to the airport and sell flower , or do whatever the cult want you to do . sharon you can not understand , but I know what that 's like . until it happen to you , until you accept God into you heart , it 's like a fairy tale , it 's like some joke that you just do not get . VIC I think you need to be deprogrammed . sharon there 's no cult , Vic . there 's only God , and he message of Love . VIC Love . sharon Love . VIC look , you will give this up , someday . I know you , you will give this up . sharon this be forever . VIC everybody say that . sharon this be different . VIC everybody say that , too . ( he be head out the door . ) Sharon , call I when this be over . sharon be alone , content . cut to : interior : telephone company information office . day . go down the row of computer terminal , hearing other operator . stop at sharon . sharon hold for the number . hi . who 's this ? hi , susanna , this be Sharon . have you meet Jesus ? ... well , I be sure you be in a hurry , but do not you think you could take time out to get to know you Lord and savior ? well okay , well , you have a good day too . what be the number you want ? here you go ( pause . ) hi , this be Sharon . who 's this ? hi , Maria . have you meet God ? you have ? be not he wonderful ? she look up and see henry , she supervisor . cut to : interior : telephone company . henry's office . the door be close . henry you be suppose to spend a maximum of fifteen second on each call . do you know what you average have be ? sharon no. henry take a guess . sharon twenty second ? twenty -five ? henry two minute . you be clocked on one call at seven minute fifteen . sharon I be just try to do my job . henry it seem like you be try to do two job . sharon ( a little defiantly ) we only have one job . henry that 's right . and you be not do the one you be be pay for . day . sharon Henry , God make I a information operator for a reason . I be ina position to spread his word to hundred of people every day , personally . one-to-one . henry god. sharon I know you can not believe this , but God be come back to judge the world . and it 's important , I have to tell people . we have to prepare for his return . henry take he time before speak . sharon henry when do you first see the light ? sharon a few day ago . henry ( neutral ) mmm-hmm . sharon you do not believe I . henry sometimes people have hear about the Pearl and they try to pretend like they have see it , but you can always tell when they be lie . you just can not fake it . sharon you ? put she hand on she heart . henry when they first meet him , everyone think that judgement Day be just around the corner . I remember that feel very well ; it 's a powerful feel . but ... that sense that it 's go to happen tomorrow pass when tomorrow come and he do not . and then you understand that that feeling , as powerful as they be , and the dream , as real as they be , be still just shadow of the real thing , and no one can say how far away that real thing really be . sharon the feel be so strong . henry study she . sharon henry I do not know you , but I know you . a lot of people who have come to God be break . they have be mess up by life . the unbeliever try to make it seem like there 's something wrong with we , that we be stupid , but only the humble hear the voice of God . you be alone , be not you ? sharon ( tear form ) yes . henry it 's hard at the beginning . you give up you old life , and it 's like you have come to a new country . you old friend can not really be you friend anymore . sharon what do I do ? henry trust in God , and take it easy on the phone . smile . sharon who 's the Boy ? he look at she . cut to : interior : church . day . a small , spare room . no pews , only a circle of fold chair . perhaps twenty people be there . we be watch henry and he son , the boy , about ten year old . he never speak out loud ; he whisper behind a cup hand into he father 's ear . on sharon , across from they , watch . on the boy : he cup a hand and speak to henry . henry address the room . henry God be come back . there be war and rumor of war , and a curse devour the Earth , and that who live in it be hold guilty . the boy again whisper to he father . henry we have to wait . a older woman in the circle . sharon for how long ? the boy whisper to he father . henry probably a few year . five year , six year . the people in the room hug each other . sharon give herself to the hug and give hug . Love without sex . dissolve to : interior : randy'' workplace . randy spray coating on a metal gate . sharon arrive . sharon hi , Randy . randy ( pretend to struggle to remember she name ) ohh , uhh , Sharon . Sharon . how 's that apartment come ? be it still unclean ? sharon no. randy so you find you salvation . congratulation . sharon I find god. randy oh yeah ? be he go to move in , or do he keep he own place , or be you go to do that commute thing ? you have get to watch that ; it 's very tough on a relationship . why be you here ? they walk into a adjoin woodshop . sharon I know you be as lose as I be , Randy , and I want to tell you that you could know God . if you just surrender you pride , you can know God . randy Sharon , it 's just a drug . instead of do heroin , you be do God , and I need sandpaper . sharon Randy , God be real . God be not make - believe , and you know that . you do not want to admit that , because you be afraid . randy what be I afraid of ? sharon what we be all afraid of : God 's judgement . randy no. I be not . sharon I do not want to lose you . randy you just want to save my soul . sharon at least you know you have one . randy I do not want to tell my secret in church . sharon I will pray for both of we . randy you would stay with I even if I do not pray ? sharon kiss randy . they hug . title superimposed : six year later interior : church . night . there be more people in the room now . the boy be older now ; and although henry be beside he , he speak directly . the boy so far , we be still in the realm of sign and wonder ... but the rapture be come . it say so in the Bible . we body will be transformed into spirit . and then we will be catch up in a cloud to meet God . the end be come soon ... this year randy take sharon be hand . cut to : interior : sharon and randy'' town house . bedroom . night . the bedroom be now fill with Christian icon . sharon and randy wake up together , shake by the same image . randy ever since I be a kid , I have have the feel that something be go to happen to I . I always know that when it happen , I would recognize it , and that I would not mistake it for something else . I would not have something happen to I and I would say , this be it ! and then later on say , no , that be not it . it be a secret feel , and I never tell anybody about it . sharon and what 's the feel now ? randy something 's go to happen . interior : randy and sharon' kitchen . day . sharon and she daughter , mary , six year old , sit at the kitchen table . mary where 's Heaven ? sharon it 's in the sky . mary why can not we see it ? sharon you will . mary but why can not we see it now ? sharon Mary ? do you love baby Jesus ? mary yes . sharon then you will see he really soon . slowly dissolve to : exterior : swimming pool . day . we move through the water , and the change from the light be easy , gradual . the water be ethereal ; we do not even know this be a pool yet ; it could be a body of heavenly water . the calm surface of the pool explode as a six - year- old - girl , mary , burst to the surface . sharon move through the water . her friend paula float on a raft . paula what do the Bible say ? sharon we who be alive who be save will be take bodily into Heaven . paula ohhh , Sharon ... Sharon sharon you can not accept God , can you ? paula no. sharon well , maybe we should talk about that for a minute . paula ( smile ) okay , do you mean that if you be a Christian and you be irone you shirt and the rapture happen , you will be take to Heaven in the middle of do the laundry ? or do God give you time to turn off the iron , or do you shirt burn ? sharon ( joke but deadpan ) I wear permanent press . paula well , I mean what 's suppose to happen ? you be suppose to float up into the sky ? sharon in the twinkle of a eye . the body will be transformed into spirit . and there be a warning . if you listen , if you pray for it . we will hear the sound of trumpet , God 's angel . mary listen . interior : randy'' workplace . day . randy be now a supervisor in a large insurance office . he be well groom ; he hair be cut short ; he be a few pound lighter . other worker be around . randy be argue with louis , another worker . a security officer stand behind randy . randy Louis , I be try to say this without cause you a lot of pain . louis any way you say it , I be fire , right ? randy we have struggle together , but , you have to admit , it have not work out . louis that 's because I be not kissing ass around here , be not it ? randy Louis , it 's because you be not do you job . louis you be not do you job , banana - head . randy Louis , we have try to help you , have not we ? louis ( cry ) I do not want you fuck help . randy we take you to a counselor . louis you take I to a homo . randy I take you to a a.a. meeting . louis they be a bunch of a-hole . a-hole anonymous . and you be a a-hole . and I be tired of kissing you Christian a-hole . ( to the security guard : ) what be you look at ? randy Louis , I will pray for you . louis ( wildly ) yeah , well , fuck you ! cut to : interior : randy and sharon' apartment . day . mary and she parent , randy and sharon , hold hand in a circle . this be a happy family . interior : randy'' workplace . day . we hear a blast . we see randy in he office at the corner of a hall . there be two body in the hall , and louis walk down it with a gun . randy get up from he desk and start to come out . as he do , louis shoot into a office . louis go into another office , and we hear two more shotgun blast . randy be now out of he office and turn down the empty hall when louis come back into the hall . randy Louis . louis no speech , preacher . randy I have a little girl . louis so what ? and he blast randy . cut to : interior : sharon and randy'' town house . day . mary open the front door . mary come in . the live room be fill with friend who have bring food to sharon . mary and other child play . sharon talk to paula on a balcony . paula you see , now 's one of that time when I wish I be a believer . sharon why ? paula because I would have a rock to stand on , because I could tell myself that everything be for the better cut to : because God have a plan . sharon but it be , because he do . paula it be so hard for I , Sharon . I try to resist it as much as possible . sharon so you do feel something tug at you , do not you ? paula I tell myself it 's just conditioning , it 's how I be raise . I tell myself that if we do not tell we child about God , they would not ask . it be a story we tell ourselves so everything make sense . sharon it 's not . paula but how do you know ? sharon the Bible . paula do not tell I the Bible . sharon it 's a question of faith . paula so there 's no proof ? sharon Paula , the universe you live in be cold and fill with empty space . the universe I live in be fill with God . interior : sharon and randy'' town house . night . sharon and mary kneel at mary be bed , praying . mary will we see daddy again ? sharon yes . mary when we die ? sharon or when God take we to Heaven . mary when the rapture come , do that mean we die ? sharon not exactly . mary so you can go to Heaven without die ? sharon yeah . mary but if you die , you can still go to Heaven . sharon yes . mary so daddy be go to Heaven . sharon no , daddy 's already in Heaven . mary if we pray to daddy , can he hear we ? sharon well , we pray to God , and God tell daddy what we be say . that way he can hear everything . cut to : exterior : minimall staircase . day . sharon come down the stair and stop . pull back to reveal : we be outside a photolab in a corner pod mall . sharon walk into view , look at the snapshot of America roll off the printer . in the photograph , we see randy wear the clothes in which he die , and he 's try to reach she , try to say something to she . her husband appear improbably in a picture at the beach , stand behind a typical family . then randy be picture in the desert , stand on a tall rock pile , he arm raise , call she to he . he 's plead with she . cut to : interior : church . day . the room be fill ; people be stand on chair at the wall . there 's still a circle in the middle , but it 's smaller . henry and the boy be flanke by the two evangelist . sharon be across from they , with mary . now the boy speak . the boy this be from the Book of revelation , chapter 12 , verse 6 . it say , " and the woman fle into the desert where she have a place prepare for she by God . " be anyone else get vision that tell we we have to go to the desert ? sharon you do not believe I . the boy sharon what do it mean ? the boy you be the only one who can hear this call . it could be Satan . sharon I do not think so . the boy then God want you for his special purpose . sharon please , come with I . the boy we have not be invite . sharon want to cry . she get up and take Mary 's hand . the crowd part for she , make a path to the door . she start walk toward it , about ten foot . sharon but I be scared . the boy do not ask God to meet you halfway . sharon what do that mean ? the boy shake he head no . henry ( to the boy ) what do that mean ? the boy shake he head . no , he will not answer . sharon be scared . she open the door . exterior : outside the church . sunset . sharon and mary be frame in the church door , the faithful behind they . they walk out into the sunset . cut to : exterior : sharon and randy'' town house . day . sharon be pack a sport bag while paula watch she . paula be desperate . sharon be calm . sharon hold up a few of mary dress while she study the clothes in she closet . paula have a shopping bag fill with food . paula Sharon , you can not just leave like this . sharon yes , I can . God be call I . paula no , no , no ... Sharon ... what about Mary ? sharon God be call she too . paula why do not you sell the house ? you can not just walk away from it . sharon of course , I can . there 's a better house wait for I . God be building I a mansion , right now . what should I wear ? she take out a few dress . paula God will not come , the bank will own you home , and what be you go to do then ? sharon I be go to Heaven , Paula . I be go to Heaven . Mary and I be go to Heaven . and we will wear this dress , together , when we finally meet God . Randy always like this dress . I will wear it for he . I will be see he soon . and he always love to see Mary in this . paula sit on the bed . sharon paula do not you get a white robe and wing ? sharon angel do not have wing . and I do not know about the robe . I do not know what they wear , but I guess I will find out . pack a sweater . paula then what 's the sweater for ? sharon it get cold at night in the desert . paula Winter be come . you will need more than a sweater . sharon he 's take we soon , very soon . paula how do you know ? sharon he tell I . paula Sharon , Sharon , listen to I . I do not know if you can hear I , but listen to I . you need food . sharon not that much . paula you need a tent . I do not want you guy sleep out in the car . okay . candle , match , flashlight . paula pull the name item out of the bag . sharon thank you , Paula . paula you need something else . you can not go out to the desert alone , there 's a lot of creep out there , Sharon , and a woman alone , I be scared . sharon God will take care of we . paula maybe . insurance . she take out a small handgun . sharon oh , Paula , no . paula you do not have to use it . but you have to take it . and you can bring it back to I when you come home . sharon hold paula be hand , and she look at the gun . sharon I be not come home . cut to : exterior : desert campground . day . sharon and mary drive into a campground somewhere in the high desert . there be joshua tree , yuccas , and large rock and rock pile . mary Mom ? sharon yes , Mary . mary this do not look like Heaven , Mom . sharon this be not Heaven , honey . mary then why stop here ? sharon think of Heaven as a great big hotel or a big office building . mary yeah . sharon well , this be the lobby , this be where we have to wait . mary for what ? sharon the elevator . another car pull up . dissolve to : interior : tent . night . sharon and mary sleep . we go into sharon be dream . she be dream of the Pearl . cut to : exterior : desert campground . day . rock climber be high on the sheer face of a rock wall . mary watch they . one climber rappel down the rock and land beside they . he be lean , muscular , cool . mary be you wait for God , too ? climber oh , be that what you guy be do here ? mary God be come back . climber sound good . mary he really be . climber okay . mary he 's come tomorrow . sharon no , soon , Mary . he 's come soon . they look up at the sky . exterior : desert campground . night . sharon put mary to sleep in the tent . exterior : desert campground . late day . there be not much food leave or water . we hear a loud siren . sharon grab mary . mary grab for she toy panda . sharon that 's it ! that 's it , Mary , here it come , here it be , he 's call we , come on , hurry , hurry she run with mary up a rock formation , higher and higher . the sound continue . mary drop she panda and scream out : mary Panda ! sharon Mary , come on mary no , Panda ! sharon scramble back to get the doll . it be out of reach . she get it . mary hug she panda , and they continue on up the rock until we have a good view of the whole campground exterior : top of rock pile . day . the horn be still loud and clear . sharon hold mary , they face lift to the sky , wait for the rapture . we see a climber run across the parking lot to he car . he turn off the alarm , and the sound stop . sharon remain freeze for a second ; then she sit down . for the first time , we see real doubt and the beginning of defeat . mary start to cry . mary I miss my daddy . sharon honey , I miss you daddy , too . mary I want to see he again . sharon you will , you will see he in Heaven . mary why can not we go to Heaven ? mommy , I want to go to Heaven . sharon we have to wait until God call we . mary do God call daddy ? when you die be that when God call you ? sharon yes . mary then I want to die . sharon no , sweetie , no . mary you want to go to Heaven , do not you ? sharon yes . mary and you believe that when we die we will go to Heaven , because we be save , right ? sharon yes . mary then why can not we just die and go there really quickly and be with daddy again ? why do we have to stay here and just hang around and wait for God ? come on , Mom , let 's die . sharon put she arm around she . she be too young to really understand what she 's ask for . sharon let 's give God one more chance . cut to : exterior : desert campground . day . a county sheriff 's car drive into the campground . foster madison get out of it . mary and sharon pray at a picnic bench . something about sharon attract he . he could be hard , but he be curious , soft . foster howdy . sharon hello . foster I be Foster madison . sharon Sharon . and Mary . foster crouch to be closer to mary . foster oh yeah ? I have a sister name Mary . she 's all grow - up now . mary be you with God ? foster I be with the sheriff . mary we be wait for we father . foster where be he ? mary Heaven . foster do not you go to school ? mary I do not have to go to school . foster look at sharon . sharon I be not ask you to understand , or to have faith , but the end of the world be come , and we be a lot safer out here . mary walk away . foster well , there 's a two - week limit on stay here . sharon be that a limit on how long I can stay in the park , or how long I can use this campsite ? foster actually , it 's just a limit on how long you can use this particular campsite . sharon ( point to different campsite ) so if I move over there , or over there , or over there ... I can stay foster for another two week . want to be fair ; he see a woman in need . foster technically . I can not stop you . sharon thank you . foster could I ask you a question ? sharon sure . foster be this good for you little girl ? sharon have you be save ? foster no . sharon do you know what that mean ? foster yeah . sharon would you like to be ? foster oh yeah , yeah sure , who would not . sharon why be it so hard for you to pray ? foster you have to surrender to God , do not you ? sharon ( not fully certain ) that 's right . foster it 's in my training . I do not give sharon foster break up my gun . sharon but you would like to believe . foster that this be the last day ? sharon you know they be . God be come back to judge the world . a lot of people be go to suffer . foster I hope that 's not true ; but if there 's no law against it , my hand be tie . smile a little . sharon I bet with a little prayer you would be on my side in a hour . foster well , then it 's time for I to go . watch out for the coyote . ( to mary : ) good-bye . mary good-bye . get back into he car . when he be go , sharon down and cry . exterior : desert campground . night . the moon be behind cloud . wind pull at the tent flap . interior : tent . night . the camera move toward sharon . we be get inside she dream again . brief glimpsis of a orgy . interior : sharon' dream . the Pearl recede , get smaller , and finally disappear . blackness . mary ( voice -over ) Mom ... mommy interior : tent . night . sharon wake up ; she eye be hollow . mary be awake . mary Mom sharon ( lose ) what ? mary Mom , I be hungry . exterior : desert campground . day . sharon look through trash can . no food . she turn the water jug upside down . no water . mary watch she . mary you say we would give he one more chance . sharon ( impatient ) who ? mary God . you say you would give God one more chance , and if we do not get the rapture that we could die . that 's what you say . you promise . sharon ( gently avoid the question ) baby mary do not you believe in God ? sharon yes . mary do not you love God ? then why can not we just go to God ? go now . now . sharon do not answer immediately . sharon ( the implication be frightening ) one more chance . cut to : exterior : desert campground . night . a motorcycle come into the campground . sharon and mary be in the tent . sharon poke she head out . the motorcycle come closer . sharon get out . foster , out of uniform , be on the motorcycle . foster I ... I be in the neighborhood . sharon and you think you would come by for a cup of sugar . foster no . actually , I come to bring you this . he reach into he pack for a blanket . he hand it to she . sharon we have sleep bag . foster yeah , I know , I , it 's just that sometimes you want to sit on the ground , you do not want to get dirty , it 's nice to have a blanket . sharon thank you . foster I , I bring you little girl a candy bar . I know mom be worried about cavity , so if you do not want to give it to she , you know , I will understand . sharon I will give it to she . foster you can share it . sharon thanks . he want to talk . he look at she . foster well , I will check up on you again sometime , if that 's okay . sharon thank you . and he ride away . she return to the tent . interior : tent . night . Close on mary . she cry out in she sleep . mary Mom ! you have to make up you mind , now ! Gabriel be come , Mom , Gabriel be come . ( she wake up , and she be in a kind of trance , stare at she mother , afraid for she . ) he 's God , Mom , he 's God . do not ask God to meet you halfway . ( a final cry . ) mommy ! sharon wake up , Mary , wake up . it 's okay , baby , it 's okay . mary wake up , and she cry deeply . her face tell we everything : she have give up hope . sharon come on , baby , you be just hungry ; we will get something to eat . come on , let 's go to town . mary no , we can not leave . sharon yes , we can . mary but we do not need any food . God will give we food when we get to Heaven . I will be in Heaven tonight . there be a river . and I be in Heaven . sharon where be I ? mary you be there . sharon good . mary sort of . you be there , but only sort of . sharon try to make sense of this . she can not ; tired right now for test of faith . she smile daughter in the eye . sharon it 's almost morning . as soon as the sun come up , we will go get something to eat . cut to : exterior : jack in the BOX drive -thru line . day . she 's too and look she sharon be at the pick - up window . the food order be put out for she . the cashier wait for the money . behind he be the manager . cashier eleven dollar and twenty - eight cent , please . sharon look at he . he know what the look mean . cashier oh , no you do not . sharon quickly grab the food and drive away . cashier call the police . manager no . cashier why not ? manager she have a kid . interior : car . day . sharon return to the joshua tree campsite . mary devour she burger and fries . sharon be face be set . she be on the other side of something powerful . exterior : car . day . sharon drive down a road . exterior : burned hill . late afternoon . sharon and mary walk up the hillside . mary kneel and clutches she toy panda . sharon stand behind she . sharon do you love I ? mary yes . sharon do you love Jesus ? mary yes . sharon you know , in Heaven there 's Jesus and baby Jesus , together , and baby Jesus have the special job , have the special job ( break down ) of look out for all the child . Mary , do you love baby Jesus ? mary yes . sharon it 's not fair to make you pay because I be lose . if God love we , he will understand . we be go to Heaven now . mary we be go together ? sharon together . now we see the gun that paula give she before she leave home . the sun be go down . mary and daddy ? daddy 's in Heaven . sharon ( this think comfort she ) daddy . we will see daddy . yes . and we will be together forever because nothing be break in Heaven . I love you . mary daddy . sharon you have to love God , Mary , do you love God ? mary yes . mary make a face as though she 's about to enter icy water . with she panda tuck under she arm , she clasp she hand in prayer even harder . sharon tell him that . do not be afraid . sharon pull the trigger , and the gun fire . mary be dead . sharon take the gun and put it to she head . she hold the gun . we watch . we wait . will she ? can she ? she empty the gun into the air , scream at the sky ; then she sit down on the ground ; then she lie down beside mary and go to sleep . fade-out . fade -in : exterior : burned hill . later . night . sharon place a cross on the panda on top of the grave and then get up . she walk away , empty . we hear hoofbeat , one horse , distant . the sound get louder . interior : sharon' car . night . sharon speed down the highway , and everywhere she look she see a white horse flash in she vision . cut to : exterior : freeway . night . sharon keep speed . the white horse be go . and then the red light of a sheriff 's police car appear in the mirror . the siren be close . she be sure she have be catch . she pull over . the sheriff 's officer madison from the campground . he shine he searchlight on sharon be car . then he walk to the car and knock on she window . foster could you get out of the car , please ? sharon get out of the car . foster what happen to God ? ( he can see she be in some kind of distress . ) what 's wrong ? she do not answer . foster I have to see you license and registration , please . sharon they be in the car . she get they . she hold the license and registration out in she hand . foster thank you . could you step over into the light , please ? he take the identification and go back to he bike . sharon nod yes . he study the license . we look at he for a moment . he be not a bad man , and he be study sharon , less as another speeder than as a woman in obvious trouble . in the beginning , sharon be catatonic ; she answer be short and sparse . as foster continue to press she , she start to unravel . she realize what she have do . foster here . where 's you little girl ? sharon she 's with God . foster she die ? sharon yes . foster Mary . sharon yes . foster how ? sharon I kill she . I be go to kill myself too , but you can not get into Heaven if you kill yourself . you can get into Heaven if somebody else kill you but not if you kill yourself . life be some kind of punishment , be not it ? you have to go through with it , even when you know what life be for . foster what be life for ? sharon ask God . foster what do he say ? sharon I think he say that , basically , you have to love him , no matter what . but I do not love him , not anymore . he have too many rule . he tell I to meet him in the desert . and I do and I wait . he do not come . he break his promise . he let I kill my little girl . and he still expect I to love him ? I be afraid of Hell , so I have to wait out my life , wait for God . now : he will forgive I and he will let I join my daughter and my husband in Heaven , but first I have to say I love him . you can send I to the gas chamber , and if I let God into my heart before I die , then I can go to Heaven , because God be merciful . how fast be I go ? foster a hundred mile a hour . sharon a hundred mile a hour . if I have go off a bridge and die , would I have go to Heaven ? foster I do not know . sharon neither do I . dissolve to : interior : prison . day . a guard lead sharon down a row of cell . a door be open and then lock behind she . a woman on the next bed be read the Bible , and when she lower the book , we see it be angie , the swinger with the tattoo . sharon say nothing to she . angie I know you . I should be embarrassed to even tell you where we meet , but I be not ashamed , I be not ashamed of anything anymore , I find God , God find I . I be preaching the word of God at a shopping mall in Palm Springs , and they have I kick out . so I go back in , and they have I arrest . have you hear the word of God ? ( no reply . ) it 's the great gift of all time . you have to trust completely in God . he will forgive all you sin . sharon who forgive God ? and she turn away from she . fade-out . interior : prison cell . night . sharon hear a sound from she cell . a flame sword slice the air . the sword stop flame when it cut through the air . the sword be hold by the archangel michael . angie sleep . another angel drift into this scene outside the cell . mary appear dress as she be when she die . mary ( sincerely , with a little difficulty ) God be come back , mommy . there be war and rumor of war , mommy , and a curse devour the Earth , and that who live in it be hold guilty . sharon he say he be go to take we to Heaven . mary mother , listen to I . the live outnumber the dead . the army of the Lord be wait for the Day of judgement . do not you still love God , mommy ? sharon he leave we , alone , in the desert . he let I kill you . mary do you still love him ? sharon how can I love a God who let I kill my baby ? mary God love you because you love him . sharon why ? mary I know you want I back , but I can not come back , mommy . I be dead . sharon look as they vanish , then , after a beat , look down . cut to : interior : prison . night . we move through the cell . a trumpet play one long , extend note . the prisoner look outside . angie that 's the first call . it 's Gabriel blow he trumpet . there will be six more call . we have until the last call to repent . after that , it 's too late . after that , it 's too late . we hear the hoofbeat again , get louder . people look up . the sound seem to be in the middle of the room . the sound of the hoofbeat be impossibly loud , and we see on the tv screen the faint image of a white horse over a ballgame . then the game disappear , and we see the foot of the horse . angie it 's God . he 's give we a last chance to save ourselves . at war , the first horseman of the apocalypse . the horse be replace by a trumpet . the channel be change , and the golden trumpet blow the pure tone be see across every channel . it be a long trumpet raise high before a deep blue background . a hand hold the trumpet , but we do not see the angel 's face . angie begin to sing : angie ( sing ) hark ! the herald angel sing , glory to the newborn King ; peace on earth , and mercy mild , God and sinner reconcile ! joyful all ye nation rise , join the triumph of the sky ; with th' angelic host proclaim Christ be bear in bethlehem . as she sing , the trumpet sound again . the hoofbeat grow . the blast get louder . prison bar start to collapse . all of the bar fall out of the wall , collapse to the floor with a great noise . woman step slowly out of they cell . a helicopter sound in the background . everyone sit quietly . no one know what to say . angie what more do you need ? sharon get out of here . angie leave . sharon be alone in the cell . foster walk down the corridor . sharon what be you do here ? foster I want to know what happen next . sharon be you scared ? foster I do not know . I never have any faith . but you do . sharon yep . foster so ? sharon so. foster well , if the world be come to a end , this be not the place to be . let 's go . exterior : road . day . sharon ride behind foster on he motorcycle . hoofbeat be closer . the red horse ride by a rider wield a long sword chase they . the rider hold a pair of scale . the trumpet continue to sound . cut to : exterior : the road . night . sharon and foster be on the bike . the night sky be fill with the image of a huge bull ride by a ghostly woman hold a immense candelabra . cut to : exterior : farther down the road . dusk . the motorcycle come to the crest of a hill . smoke surround the two . it be impossible to go ahead . they stop drive . the smoke obscure everything now . hoofbeat . the world be dissolve . the FOURTH horseman , death , riding the pale horse , appear in the fog of smoke and come slowly toward they . sharon and foster get off they motorbike and watch the horseman . then , they begin to rise slowly into the smoke . she do not want this . sharon no ! no , I do not want to go . ( to foster : ) do not let I go . no ! they disappear into the smoke . dissolve to : exterior : limbo . night . we be in the dark . the noise have stop . then we see they , barely light , a hint of something like moonlight on they . a voice , mary be : mary Mom ? ( mary walk out of the darkness . she be beside they , hold she panda . ) hi , Mom . foster be this Hell ? sharon ( tenderly ) hello , Mary . sharon walk to she , but mary be just out of reach and stay there . foster that 's you daughter . sharon Mary ? where be you ? mary I be here . sharon where be we ? mary you know when you hear that song about the river that wash away all you sin ? well , here it be . Heaven be on the other side of the river . foster we be in Heaven . why be we in Heaven ? mary you be not in Heaven . Heaven be over there . she point to the distance , into the darkness . foster I can not see it . mary it 's there . if you love God , it 's there . Foster . do you love God for give you the gift of life ? foster ( whisper ) yes . then he smile , and then he disappear . sharon no ! mary mommy ! Gabriel be come . you have to make up you mind . sharon there 's nothing more to say . take I to God , Mary . I have to speak to him . mary you have to love God . sharon I love you , Mary . mary that be not enough . sharon baby , it 's all I have . if life isa gift , if it really be a gift , and there really be a Heaven mary there really be a Heaven . sharon then why should I thank him for the gift of so much suffer , Mary , so much pain on the Earth that he create . let I ask him why ? mary tell God you love him . sharon I can not . mary if you do not tell God that you love him , you can not go to Heaven . tell God that you love him . mommy ! sharon no. and then we hear Gabriel 's final call . Gabriel 's melody be like the infinite regression of a image in parallel mirror , and the melody stretch into the end of time . while they listen , a gold light , as though a sun be set , fill sharon be face . mary take she hand and stand beside she . the gold light shine on both of they . mary do you see Heaven ? sharon yes . mary be not it beautiful ? sharon yes . mary let go of sharon . mary do you know how long you have to stay here ? sharon yes . mary fade away . mary how long ? and to the darkness , sharon say : sharon forever . she be alone . we pull back .