the interpreter by Charles randolph June 2nd , 2003 the action occur largely within the three primary building of the United Nations Plaza in New York City : the General Assembly Building with the famous Hall and two lobby ( one for the Public and one for delegate ) ; the more sedate Conference Building with its three Council Chambers and delegate Lounge ; and the tower secretariat with office and a deco employee lobby . the interior of this building remain pristine example of high modernism . think cary grant - the aging , technicolor cary grant - wear a great three - button suit and smoking in a eame chair as hitchcock wander past behind he . ext . african village ( republic of matobo ) - day in a heavy dust storm , two dirt road meet at a abandon junction . four old tire lay half - bury in the middle , the vague suggestion of a roundabout . telephone wire dance angrily above . corrugate tin roof rattle in the distance . reaching over the far road - not thirty foot away but barely visible in the storm - be a old wooden arch . its long - fade slogan read , '' praise and welcome edmond zuwanie '' . a land Rover emerge from the dirt fog behind it . int . land rover a bookish african man ( 48 ) drive . his young white colleague ( 32 ) write in a notebook . in the backseat , we see a camera and numerous book . they speak loud over the wind and jostle . young white colleague she would not tell I she husband 's name , would not even write it . bookish man the name of the dead be bad luck . the White colleague toss he notebook in the back seat . young white colleague Zuwanie 's murder half the town - how could they luck get any worse ? bookish man he could murder the other half . the ride a moment in rough silence . they pass a man with trachoma gauze patch over he eye - bright white square on dark skin - feel he way against the wind and sand . ext . matobean bushveld the land Rover come to a stop . the bookish man and he White colleague climb out ; the latter put a camera and a pistol in a backpack . we follow they through the dirt squall until a massive shape start to emerge in front of they : a concrete soccer stadium . ext . soccer stadium infield the air inside be hazy but oddly clear . the turf turn to scrub long ago , a lone marula tree grow at one end . as the bookish man and he White colleague look around , they see two ten -year-old boy near a rusted goal . the boy stop kick a ball make of tape newspaper to stare . young white colleague sawubona ! boy one yebo ! young white colleague they 's be ku. a beat . the man scan the stadium . bullet hole in concrete slab seating . seventy - era advertising board . boy one elami igama ngingu ndube ? bookish man what do he say ? young white colleague he want to know if we come to look at the body . the man exchange a look . int . soccer stadium tunnel the infield light recede as the boy lead the man to a door . the bookish man yank it open to a wave of putrefaction . they cover they nose , wave the boy away . int . soccer stadium storage room Dark . as they eye adjust , the man can see twenty corpse on the floor . most have shirt throw over they face . young white colleague they 's be not villager . wordlessly , they check face . the White colleague take picture . most of the dead be villager , but beneath a suit coat , the bookish man find a handsome young man wear a white shirt and tie . bookish man mother of God ... young white colleague what ?! bookish man it 's kuman - kuman . the two man share a look of disbelief . the White colleague take a picture . boy two ( o.s. ) amadoda ! white colleauge someone 's come . int . soccer stadium tunnel they man run for the portal . in silhouette , Boy two point across the field . the White colleague throw the camera in he backpack as he run , struggle to get the pistol out . int . soccer stadium infield the White colleague run into the bright haze . it take a few second for he eye to readjust , to see that the infield be in fact empty . the bookish man come up beside he . as they stand breathe heavily , a shot explode out of the bookish man 's chest . his White colleague spin to see Boy one hold a gun on he , ready , hesitate . the White colleague aim , but can not bring himself to fire on the kid . a long tense beat . boy two lamhla ! a bullet rip into the White colleague 's abdomen and out he back . he fall to he knee . Boy one grab he backpack . and they run , hard , scared . he whisper after they ... young white colleague it 's okay . it 's okay . ext . soccer stadium the two boy sit on the land Rover 's hood as a late- model suv creep out of the windstorm . the tinted passenger window go down . Boy one hand the pistol and backpack to a matobean driver - he pay the kid with four old american comic book . delighted , the boy run off , chant ... boy one & boy two archa ! archa ! archa ! beneath the chant , we hear a cacophony of language : chinese , Arabic , Russian , Spanish , french , English . ( a bed of the six official language of the United Nations . ) the boy disappear into whirling sand as the cacophony grow louder . fade to : int . UNITED nation general assembly hall - day enormous . Grand . crowd . the peruvian pm be at the podium . delegete from around the world - six for each nation - sit at green table with thin black microphone . everyone wear white earpiece . some read . other whisper . we move up over a row of media booth , to a window onto the chinese interpreter 's booth . we move down the row of booth for Arabic , Russian , Spanish and french . ( chinese and Arabic have two interpreter work ; Russian , Spanish and french have only one . in all booth , a extra interpreter wait in the background . ) we move onto the English Booth . silvia broome ( 30 ) work at the mic as a colleague read a magazine behind she . silvia 's bookish yet worldly , the sort of woman who have be fantasy fodder in many a library cubicle . int . UNITED nation security tent ( NORTH gate ) a UN cop closely watch tourist come through one of four metal detector . something be not right . he stop the flow and hold he watch into the machine . it do not beep . his expression tell we the day be about to get complicated . int . UNITED nation security council the Council be in close session . Fifteen ambassador and the Secretary - General sit at the famous circular table , back by numerous advisor . stenographer sit at a long table in the middle . Translators can be see in elevate booth . as the french ambassador read a speech , we hear a ... male interpreter ( 0.s. ) with kuman - kuman in hide , edmond Zuwanie have few domestic obstacle to he program of ethnic cleanse . the patrician american ambassador ( 61 ) check she watch and nod to a yuppie advisor ( 33 ) sit behind she . he stand . int . hallway between conference and ga building a wide glass - enclose hallway . the secretariat rise outside . UN Police Chief , lee wu ( 54 ) , lead a handful of uniform UN cop . though he look a bit like a Hong Kong watch salesman , Wu 's accent and attitude be lower- middle - class Brooklyn . he be brief by irish Assistant Chief , rory robb ( 37 ) . chief wu who 's inside ? rory the peruvian Prime Minister begin address the ga ten minute ago . the Security Council just end a emergency session on matobo . chief wu how 's we coverage on the Prime Minister ? rory he come in with one secret service agent and one of he own man . we have four man on he , six uniform in the Hall and six on the door . int . general assembly hall through the glass onto the English booth : while silvia work at the mic , the yuppie advisor enter behind she . we move down to Prime Minister speak on the dais . at the marble table above the podium , a UN cop whisper to a burly russian ( 53 ) in the President 's chair . irritate , he stand . int . greenroom ( ga build ) Chief Wu and rory wait in the center of the room . it have a large reception desk and two small anteroom , which be lounge for the Secretary - General and ga President . there be four exit door : two out to the ga rostrum , one to the foyer and another to stair that lead up to the booth . a UN cop be post at each exit . the ga President enter from the Hall . his demeanor suggest this be a routine he 's be through too often before . chief wu we perimeter have be compromise . int . booth access hallway ( ga build ) silvia and the yuppie advisor come out of the English booth . yuppie advisor this be a off-record informal . he move leave toward a staircase but she go right . she point . to a small . red . light..at.the.top.of. the stair . silvia interpreter be not allow in the greenroom during a security alert . silvia have a light South African accent , though it 's not discernible while she 's interprete . the yuppie advisor join she . they walk past the door open onto other booth ; we hear various interpreter work . yuppie advisor ( be : the informal ) it 's with the matoboean , so I have be ask to remind you of you professional oath of silence . which we realize be offensive . so I have also be ask to apologize . int . general assembly hall silvia and the yuppie advisor come out of a guard open at the back . they move toward the front along the leave wall beneath booth for technician and transcriber . the cross on a aisle that intersect the Hall . they walk quickly behind desk for Monaco , Mexico , matobo , mauritius . they move down the Hall 's right wall and behind a press box . int . general assembly foyer silvia and the yuppie advisor come out of the ga Hall between two UN Guards . two thai women greet silvia as they pass ... thai women sawaddee . two UN cop hurry around they . the advisor check he watch . int . hallway between ga and conference building silvia and the advisor move through a bustle of International type : a samoan who wear a skirt with dress shoe and tie , a few Arabs , a rumpled austrian hurry past , tie he tie . silvia faulpeltz . rumpled austrian beifgtirn . the advisor check he watch again . silvia what exactly be go on ? yuppie advisor pardon ? silvia you seem nervous . ( smile at someone ) what sort of unilateralist cabal be I walk into here ? they pass UN cop escort a Korean Tour Group to the exit . int . conference build hallway along one wall be door onto hall for the three council : trustee , Social & economic , Security . the other wall be plate glass with conversation alcove and a view of midtown . diplomat scuttle importantly around silvia and the advisor . they come to break in the crowd and he lower he voice ... yuppie advisor the french want Zuwanie try at the International criminal Court . silvia matobo be not a Rome signatory . yuppie advisor they be move a resolution to have the Council refer he . this be big news . they pass press conference area and arrive at two massive wooden door with four Guards . he enter . she look up to letter on the wall : '' Security Council / conseil De securite . '' silvia take a deep breath , and follow . CUT to : int . general assembly hall - day applause . the speech be over . a samoan wear a tie with he skirt be bar from exite into the foyer by three UN cop . UN cop we be on a security alert . it will just be few minute . he point to the back of the Hall . UN cop or you can use the public lobby . int . security council ( conference build ) - day it 's now empty . four Americans wait near the table . silvia stand behind and to the right of the american ambassador . the matobean ambassador ( 55 ) enter with two underling and a aura of haughty indifference . the american ambassador wait until he 's close enough to speak in hushed if angry tone . american ambassador I do not want to choose between a illegitimate court and a murderous dictator . silvia mombe doro chingwa bhat huku mazai bhat michero sadza . matobean ambassador gudo nyati imbwa nzou . silvia then you 'il have to abstain . american ambassador do not think we will not . silvia piri tatu ina shanu . the matobean grin like a man tolerate a child . he say in perfect English ... matobean ambassador and finally admit you arrogance be make you impotent ? CUT to : int . delegate 's lobby ( ga bulding } ) ~ day empty except for UN cop . one say into he walkie-talkie ... UN cop in lobby clear . int . hallway between conference and ga building empty except for UN cop . one say into he walkie-talkie ... UN cop in hallway clear . int . general assembly foyer empty except for UN cop . one say into he walkie-talkie ... UN cop in foyer clear . int . greenroom ( ga build ) four cop in suit stand around the peruvian Prime Minister . two more guard the door onto the ga . chief wu shall we ? CUT to : int . security council ( conference build ) - day the diplomat and silvia cluster as before . matobean ambassador what do you want , ambassador ? american ambassador we want Zuwanie go . in exile . retired . out . we do not much care where or how . if he go , we be confident the resolution will be vetoed . no one be anxious to send troops into Africa . not now 10 . matobean ambassador perhaps you can tell he yourself . silence . stare . int . delegate 's lobby ( ga bulding ) the four suit hurry the Prime Minister through the lobby . int . security council ( conference build ) the diplomat and silvia as before . matobean ambassador President Zuwanie will exercise he right to speak before the General Assembly . Monday the 17th . Three hour before the vote to refer he . I be tell he will use the occasion to announce a program of democratic reform . UN mandatory access notification will be send this afternoon . good-day . the matobean turn and walk . the Americans be dumbfounded . ext . delegate 's lobby ( ga build ) the four suit hurry the Prime Minister into a wait limo . int . security council ( conference build ) the door close behind the african . the Americans exchange a unhappy look . the ambassador lead they toward the exit . american ambassador thank you , Ms. Broome . ext . delegate 's lobby ( ga bulding ) Chief Wu and rory watch as the Prime Minister 's motorcade drive out the UN gate . rory say into he walkie-talkie ... rory protectee be off territory . satisfied , Chief Wu turn back into he building . int . security council ( conference build ) silvia be leave alone and extremely puzzle . CUT to : 11 . credit sequence . a montage of a day in the life of a UN interpreter . silvia jog along the Hudson while repeat word from a language tape . she browse through five different newspaper on the subway . she interpret in the Security Council . order lunch in japanese . help a colleague in the ga . practice the bassoon..in.the.. basement ... takes..a..meeting..in. the. delegate 's . Lounge . go on a dinner date with a indian diplomat . the montage end with ... ext . UN plaza silvia go through South Gate . int . general assembly hall empty . a few light over the podium illuminate only half the Hall . the abandon desk stretch up into eerie darkness . we see the sound Booth window from below . the door open from the access hallway . silvia 's silhouette enter the booth . int . SOUND booth ( ga build ) silvia stand in the dark by a large control panel . barely audible french come from the engineer 's headphone . she consider they a moment , peer into the dark Hall below . int . general assembly hall from the dark come low , urgent , incomprehensible french . int . SOUND booth ( ga build ) silvia flip the light switch and move back to the board . the light 's a old fluorescent tube that take awhile . it flicker and hum . the voice on the headphone have a southern African accent ( this be the only line in the movie with subtitles ) ... headphone voice ne txinquiete pas . ( subtitle ) do not worry . close on a headphone earpiece . 12 . headphone voice edmond Zuwanie va mourir dan cette chambre meme . ( subtitle ) edmond Zuwanie will die in this room . silvia spin to the headphone the booth be suddenly flood with light . she start , look up to see she own reflection in the glass . she stare back at the headphone : they be now quiet . whoever be speak have see she and stop talk . she quickly slap the light switch off . dark. silvia wait . int . booth access hallway ( ga build ) silvia come out of she booth . listen . a door can be hear open down in the greenroom . int . public lobby ( ga build ) Dead . dark. empty . not one single guard . silvia quickly come down the walkway from the ga balcony . the exit door be chain shut . her footstep echo as she hurry across the floor toward the Conference Building . int . elevator ( conference build ) breathe heavily , silvia get in . she 's on two . she punch the button for three . the elevator move . down . she hit the three button a few time in fear . she ride and cringe as the door open onto ... int . basement hallway ( conference build ) the elevator door ding open , spilling light into the dark hallway and force silvia back into a corner . the door hold open . int . elevator ( conference build ) silvia wait , expect any second for someone to turn the corner . no one do . finally , the door close . 13 . int . conference build hallway empty . silvia get off the elevator and hurry down the hallway toward the secretariat . as she move past the various council , she pace increase . it 's not long before she start to run . int ..... general.. assembly..hall . the Hall be silent . we hold on the dark chamber until ... rory voice and you only hear the one man ? CUT to : int . rory 's office ( conference build ) ~ friday morning the room be from the early 5us . out the window , the East River flow by a few foot away . silvia sit pull on a tissue and give a report to rory . silvia yes . rory 's swedish Assistant run a video camera . silvia whoever he be talk to do not say anything . rory he only speak french ? silvia diplomat french . the accent be African . rory what make you think they see you ? silvia 's voice he stop talk when the light come on . rory and he Assistant exchange a look . silvia be I in danger ? 14 . the irishman give she a very unconvincing smile . CUT to : int . general assembly hall - day early . empty . two UN investigator sit at a desk in the very center of the Hall . rory ( 0.s , ) ( via walkie- talkie ) sit back as far as possible from the mic . speak in a normal voice . they lean back in they seat . int . SOUND booth ( ga build ) Chief Wu look up at the light fixture . rory be with he . chief wu alright . rory hit the light switch . the bulb flicker , hum . rory ( into a walkie - talkie ) now . they watch the engineer 's headphone as a UN investigator 's stilted voice come out of they . UN investigator ( 0.s ) '' do not worry . edmond Zuwanie will die in this room . '' a beat after the sentence be finish , the room be flood with light . Chief Wu consider the situation , irritate . he take rory 's walkie-talkie ... chief wu can you see I ? UN investigator negative . he take a step toward the mixing board . UN investigator now , we can . 15 . Chief Wu be right beneath the light . he think for a moment . he turn to rory ... chief wu alright , get the secret service . CUT to : int . secret service new york field office . - day a large bull pen . multi-ethnic agent . in contrast to the UN , every thing here be high tech . the cube farm be surround by glass office . agent tobin keller ( 33 ) come out of one . something in tobin 's manner suggest he 's midwesterner . his Assistant , shari ( 28 ) , have the desk close to he office . he 's argue with a female lawyer ( 30 ) . lawyer he want to kill the President . tobin he want attention . the question be hew far he 'il go to get it . he 's forget something . he turn back . shari stand at she desk hold he gun by two finger . he take it . lawyer he make a actionable threat . and he make it twice . tobin during a talent show at a corporate retreat . he be try to rap . Bush rhyme with ambush . lawyer because they be practically the same word . tobin I say '' try '' . we can not go after the guy for be a honky . they pass the desk of a male agent surround by huge clear plastic bag of cash . int . elevator in federal build tobin and the lawyer ride with a handful of people . 16 . tobin okay . perfect world . this case land on somebody else 's desk . you can in no way be hold accountable for he future action . would you still like to see he prosecute ? lawyer iam accountable . a impasse . they ride in silence until ... tobin honky 's a good word . too bad people do not use it any more . ext . midtown STREET tobin and lawyer come out into a cold winter wind . they be head in opposite direction . lawyer can I count on you , keller ? he stop , take a moment to think . tobin you know something , it 's not my problem . prosecute . I do not care . ( without malice ) just tell what my expert opinion be before I have to give it in court . CUT to : int . upscale strip club - day loud . it 's eleven in the morning . a few sad suit be play hooky . the dancer who work the day shift be not perky . dot wood ( 38 ) stand in front of two other Agents . dot 's accent be from Georgia ; she attitude , from Tommy Lee Jones . the secret service Agents be behind a group of polynesian Men as the Prime Minister of vakiri get a lap dance . his expression of bemuse wonder suggest it 's he first . as the stripper grind into he , he middle - age croney hoot like high school boy . dot roll she eye and take a step forward . dot Excuse I ? please do not touch he . 17 . the stripper ignore she . dot hello ? step away , please . Excuse I ? Whore person ? she freeze in mid-dance . dot make a scoot - back gesture . the stripper gather she clothes , yank a hundred from the Prime Minister 's hand and walk .. the men. share.confused.looks . dot 's cell phone ring ; she smile at the caller id . CUT to : ext . first avenue - day wind . four freeze Black protester struggle with a banner : don ’t let zuwanie speak ! reverse to reveal the protester be in front of ... ext . UN plaza busy . the row of international flag flap hard . ext . patio to public lobby ( NORTH gate ) tobin and dot move through a sea of UN employee scurrying to lunch . UN cop in thick jacket be everywhere . dot how many people work here , again ? tobin about half . she smile at he : it 's old joke , a ritual . they walk in step toward the security tent . int . security tent ( NORTH gate ) five UN police officer work the metal detector . dot and tobin go to the counter . dot slide she gun over , hold up she badge and start to step through . dot secret service . the Gate Officer hold out a latex - glove hand . gate officer May I see that , please . 18 . this be new . dot I be with the foreign dignitary protective service . my colleague 's the UN liaison with Intel . the Officer just nod . they hand they id 's over . he type they name into a computer . dot the secret service . it 's a branch of the United States government . the Officer peer into he monitor and say flatly ... gate officer you be not in the United States . ( to a cop by the phone ) Chief wu. ( to dot ) this be international territory . once you escort arrive , I ’1ll let you through . until then , step back . she do not move . tobin dot . dot step back , steam . tobin lean to she ... tobin what do you say we turn up the estrogen ? int . public lobby ( ga build ) buzz of various language . a massive sculpture in the shape of Africa and cover with hand -drawn tile be be install . group of UN employee comment on it . the original sputnik and a copy of foucault 's pendulum hang from the ceiling . dot and tobin be lead through the lobby by rory as he hand they temporary id badge on neck chain . rory sorry . everybody need a id this day . this be good for seven day . 19 . tobin Zawanie ? rory ( nodd ) we be get thirty threat a day . the Security Council be debate whether to bring charge against he at the International criminal Court . he 's come to save himself . a lot of people would like to scare he off . CUT to : int . chief wus office ( secretariat ) - day it 's up on one of the upper floor with a strike view of Midtown : roll cloud scrape past the top of the Empire State and Chrysler building . Chief Wu look through papers on he chaotic desk . rory stand behind he . tobin and dot sit across . the office be stuff with file ( each represent a threat ) . chief wu who 's run you detail ? dot raise she hand . dot Zuwanie land Monday at 8:45 a.m. wait on the tarmac till we bring he to you . he ’1ll be at you door at 10:58 . State Department say no meet - and - greet and no shopping . the Mayor 's already be on tv say he 's not block street . chief wu ( to rory ) where 's the interpreter ' 's file ? rory help Chief Wu search through the file on he desk . tobin why do you want we to look into this ? chief wu if I carry a investigation off territory , I have to inform osg and secoord , and the ola . 20 . rory and the DPA . and the dgaac . chief wu DPA , yes . the acs folk can kma . rory but osg will ... chief wu rory . rory gesture a apology . tobin be there a chance the UN will cancel the address ? chief wu that 's up to the ga President . he can cancel at any point he deem the threat level too high . that 's the policy . politically , he have be hard put to cancel . the UN be its member state . one hundred - ninety - one of they . all equal . rory except in the Security Council . chief wu if the Republic of matobo want the cocksucker to speak , all they gotta do be ask . if other nation do not like it , they take a early lunch . ( be : the file search ) I be go nut here , rory . Chief Wu throw he hand up . rory continue look . tobin you could ask State to rescind he entry visa . chief wu no , I could not . I be pay to protect matobo 's interest however matobo see fit to define they . and I be expressly forbidden from solicit american aid to impede that interest . 2i . rory ( still look ) there 's a lot of sensitivity here to host - country influence . ( stand ) get it . rory hold two file copy , hand one to Chief Wu . chief wu son-of -a-bitch . where be she ? rory on the credenza . Chief Wu 's face tell we he 's never hear of a credenza . he hand tobin a folder mark '' silvia Broome '' . chief wu should also be a transcript of she report in there . dot what kind of assassin discuss a hit in a room full of microphone ? rory the kind who assume that no one bug a room full of microphone . chief wu what rory 's try not to say be we be a de of spy and the ga be regularly sweep . rory and have no security camera . tobin but why choose it for a actual assassination attempt ? it 's the most secure room on the planet . tobin be scan silvia 's file picture . tobin you say you have veracity concern ? chief wu Ms. Broome be matobean . tobin look up . 22 . rory Three generation . but she have a american passport . her father run a rural hospital . he bring he wife to beston for the daughter 's birth . dot land of the free , home of the epidural . rory her parent be kill by a land mine in 1989 . they be drive in the mukawa Mountains , mountain Zauwanie have mine to limit rebel activity . tobin and dot exchange a look . he hand dot the file . tobin okay . we 'il talk to she . have you inform matobo 's mission ? chief wu Zuwanie 's security man have be in town for a week . ( a beat ) he 's hire nil lud . tobin register the name with surprise . tobin the mercenary ? Chief Wu nod . CUT to : int . public lobby ( ga build ) - day nils lud ( 52 ) pass the African sculpture . lud look like a rust - belt insurance salesman : practical coat , thick glass , a very large briefcase . unaccustom to cold , he never take off he glove . the only thing that suggest a military man be he slight limp . on the other side of the sculpture , a tour guide be lead a School Group as Workmen sweep up around it . tour guide the Public lobby be also use for temporary exhibition . ( more ) 23 . tour guide ( cont would ) this piece be give by the Republic of matobo to commemorate they President 's visit a week from today . against a wall behind the kid , tobin and dot stand beneath a '' smoke discourage '' sign . tobin touch dot , indicate ... descend the walkway down from the ga balcony , silvia walk and . talk with . audrey .( 29 ) ... A. french . interpreter-with..a. thick parisian accent and a impish manner . silvia astiquer la baguette ? audrey oui . silvia there be people in France who actually refer to masturbation as '' polish the baguette '' ? audrey of course . so ? we word for self - pleasing be cute , yours be violent . jerk off . whack off . beat off . give discipline to a monkey . silvia laugh . audrey 's perform . audrey you be very violent people . they come to the end of the walkway . over by the wall , tobin and dot watch silvia and audrey cheek kiss good - bye . silvia walk for the exit . tobin she 's attractive . dot yeah , I hate she already . ext . patio to public lobby ( NORTH gate ) silvia walk out into the cold wind . tobin and dot be right behind she . dot Ms. Broome ? 24 . she stop . dot and tobin approach . dot show she badge and put on a beauty - pageant smile . dot hi , there . CUT to : ext . UN rose garden - day the garden be adjacent to the East River . the queensboro Bridge sit majestically in front of it . the secretariat rise stoically behind it . tobin and silvia sit on a bench . dot stand out of earshot down the sidewalk , post to insure privacy . the transcript of she previous interview blow in he hand . tobin tell I what you hear before the threat . silvia a African man speak french . I can not remember what he be say . tobin only one man ? silvia yes . tobin but someone else have to be talk . ( off the transcript ) '' do not worry , edmond Zuwanie will die in this room . '' he 's respond to someone . silvia he be at one of the delegate 's table , a mic be open nearby ; the other person may have be farther from the mic . he watch she a few a uneasy moment . tobin what 's diplomat french ? 25 . silvia diplomat learn french as protocol , they word choice can be unusual . a native speaker would have say hall , salle , not room , chambre . tobin but he accent be African ? she nod . tobin matobean ? silvia my instinct be to say sub-saharan African , yes , but that could be because it 's familiar . tobin you do not hesitate report he ? silvia I think about it . when the booth light come on , he stop talk . I think he see I . tobin make a face calculate to show concern . silvia but I do not see he . tobin he do not know that . he let she consider the implication for a few second as he scan the transcript . finally , he close she folder . he smile at she . tobin be Zuwanie as bad everyone make he out to be ? silvia be you fishing to find out how T feel about he ? tobin pretty much . a beat . 26 . silvia I would like to see he trap beneath twisted metal for six hour , force to watch he wife bleed to death . tobin and you be not tempt to keep quiet , let he take he chance ? silvia I be not very good at be cynical . tobin what do that mean ? silvia ( be : the UN ) it mean look around . why do you think I be sit here ? somewhere there 's a war . in a place you can not pronounce . for reason you can not understand . we job be to stop it . it 's hard work . complex . bore . bureaucratic . you have to believe in it . you have to believe rule matter . you have to believe word be enough to change thing . tobin word do change thing , they tell we where to point the gun . he may be kid , but she do not smile . he watch she . he want she to feel uncomfortable . silvia it 's cold . tobin that 's all for now . she stand . silvia you do not believe much in politics , do you ? 27 . tobin I have stand on too many podium . if you ask I , somewhere on the road to power there 's a great big neon sign . it say , '' if you make it this far , you do not deserve to be here . '' again , she do not smile . she start to leave . tobin one more question . ( he make she wait ) maybe you can not remember a second voice because there be never any one down there to begin with . silvia that 's not a question . tobin be you lie ? silvia no . silvia hold he eye for a moment - and then walk away . he tobin watch she go . CUT to : int . central intelligence agency ( african flcor ) - day jon ( 28 ) hand tobin a thick folder with a CIA seal . jon edmond Zuwanie . they walk on . jon be African - american and have that hipster grad-student - in-global - politics - vibe - this guy have smoke hash in some very remote place . tobin ( be : the folder ) be this classified ? jon not if you have a subscription to '' the Economist '' . he 's lead tobin through a research bull pen . it 's a junky maze of white geek and african . cubicle be decorate with bright flag , African barber '' do '' board , soccer memorabilia . 28 . jon Zuwanie 's kill a fifty thousand ethnic ku in six year . opposition leader be this mcGili-educated novelist name kuman -kuman ; he 's in hide . no one 's see the guy in almost a month . here ... jon gesture to a cubicle . they look in on a african . soccer fan watch a game on a small monitor . jon grab a book off the fan 's desk . jon Nigeria versus Norway . I have see it . bore . soccer fan Black man chase white man while thousand cheer be never boring . the fan dismiss they with a chuckle and a wave . his leave arm have be amputate above the elbow . tobin Zuwanie ? he nod and hand tobin the book . jon believe I , you do not want to jump a bullet for this guy . close on the book 's cover : '' the casual Dead '' by Edgar sukru kuman - kuman . tobin ( 0.s. ) do you have anything on silvia Broome ? jon ( 0.s. ) nope . jon and tobin continue walk . tobin who would have a reason for hit Zuwanie inside the UN ? jon no one . he 's get you , the UN Police and nil lud all protect he . I do not make sense . ( more ) 29 . jon ( cont would ) especially since he domestic security force be mostly corrupt relative ; you could take he out with a potato peeler and a long weekend . tobin maybe it 's some anti-un group ? jon could be the AFP . African freedom Party . they favorite rant be how the UN have become a puppet of the imperialist North . tobin where do they stand on Zuwanie ? jon they hate he . he 's give self - rule a bad name . jon stop walk . jon this be serious people , tobin . if the AFP be involved , they 'il want this to go down in front of camera - and they 's 1l1 have no intention of get out alive . CUT to : ext . south gate of UN plaza ~ night like ail institutional space after hour , the UN complex at night be weirdly quiet . silvia come through the gate with a a Group of six International colleague . Pov from across the STREET : they laughter and voice fog in the cold night air . different language . none quite coherent . the other seem to want silvia to go with they . she decline . silvia walk up ... ext . first avenue silvia 's a little nervous to be suddenly alone at night . a sudden rush of traffic , but the sidewalk be empty . as the traffic lull , silvia can hear she own footstep . and the footstep of someone behind she . 30 . she look back to see a young black man in a suit . he move closer and closer . he come in step twenty foot behind she . and stay there . they step echo like heartbeat in sync . he reach into he suit . and pull out a vibrate cell . he check the caller id , answer in a american accent ... suit hey , Mom . silvia smile . across the STREET , dot watch and say into she cell ... dot you 's be way too close . the suit change pace . this be agent doug sample ( 26 ) . doug Fine , I guess . my boss be get to be a pain the ass . dot disconnect and watch Doug follow silvia up the Avenue . int . cheap rental car nil lud sit in the driver 's seat watch the dot and Doug follow silvia . he 's listen to a 7u' - era cassette player on the seat beside he ; Roger whittaker sing from its tinny speaker . cur to : int . tobin 's live room ( midtown ) - night small . generic . new. tobin have recently move in but not yet commit to make it livable . half - tie neckty bunch on he dining table . a pile of dvd on the floor await a cabinet . un-hung picture frame lean against wall . there 's even a move box still in one corner . a huge television play a basketball game . int . tobin 's hallway the game play in the next room . tobin lean back against a wall , hold a beer , and consider a close door . 31 . he just stand there look at it . after a few second , he go back toward the game . CUT to : ext . first avenue - monday morning snow cloud . there be now six protestor across from the UN . one man hold a placard : '' justice for . genocide '' . int . greasy diner ( midtown ) - day Doug yawn as he eat with agent mohammad say ( 28 ) , a cranky arab -american . they share the New York Post . both look like you would expect from two guy wear yesterday 's clothes . Doug hold up a paper section . doug Sports ? mohammad I be not do yet . tobin suddenly plop down beside they . Fresh -face . vigorous . tobin what 's she read ? Pov through the window : silvia sit in a coffee house across the street , read while she eat breakfast . he can only see she back and part of she face . doug ( 0.s. ) newspaper . in five different language . back on the boy . mohammad she get up at six to go jogging . doug and she make three cell call and receive one . it sound like ... mohammad it be Hebrew . tobin any idea what she say , Mohammed ? 32 . mohammad I do not exactly go to Hebrew school . tobin give he a smile , stand . tobin okay . follow she until she go into the UN , then clock out . tobin exit . ext . midtown STREET tobin come out of the diner , careful not to be see by silvia . he check he watch and hurry down the street . a greek tourist pass he talk into a cell phone ... greek tourist eepahrhee kahnaynah ahloh mayroh sahfteen teen pohlee g-eeah ? tobin stop in the cold . his eye follow the man . CUT to : int . secret service new york field office - day a Department of homeland Security seal woven in the carpet . shari gossip with the receptionist at the front desk as tobin enter in a hurry . shari Zuwanie 's Advance man be in you office . tobin what if she hear one voice because he be on a cell phone ? shari right . who ? he ignore the question . they move into the cube farm . tobin contact the security liaison for the phone company . ask for a list of cell call make or receive in Midtown Manhattan on Thursday night - all call between ten and eleven . 33 . shari okay . tobin then get a list of all the African national and immigrant work at the United Nations , or UN mission , diplomat and staff . shari where ? tobin rory robb . Cross check the list . I need a name and address for every male African at the UN who use a cell during that hour . shari be not this racial profiling ? he hurry toward he office . she call after he ... tobin 's assistant ( cont 's d) tell I we have a computer program that do the cross-check . int . tobin 's office - day the field office be a few block from the UN ; the secretariat can be see through tobin 's window . nil lud be in a chair hold '' the casual Dead '' . dot sit on the desk . tobin enter . tobin Mr. lud. ( they shake hand ) how 's the mercenary life ? nils lud blood , diamond and mosquito be always the same . nil lud have a strong afrikaner accent and a wry smile . tobin go and sit behind he desk . nils lud we be a public company now . I have have share in my case if you be interested . 34 . tobin I bet you do . tobin 's chuckle tell we he detest this man . nils lud there be a small problem . dot silvia Broome . nils lud what do you know about she ? tobin not enough . nils lud from 1996 to 1998 , miss Broome be sexually involved with a young man from matobo . a graduate student in Canada . she and this man also live together for one year in New York . miscegenation be common with White african . tobin what 's you point , nil ? lud hold up the jacket photo on the back of '' the casual Dead '' . nils lud the man be Edgar sukru kuman - kuman . tobin look at dot . she nod . he get up and go to the window . the secretariat be visible beneath snow cloud . his fury grow . nils lud we be request you place she in protective custody during President Zawanie 's visit . and I wish to talk to she . lud put a official - look letter on tobin 's desk . a beat . dot tobin ? 35 . tobin no , I 'il do it . nil lud gesture acquiescence with a false grin . cur to : ext . midtown STREET - night silvia and she indian date exit a restaurant , laugh . she stop as she see tobin across the street . snow flake on he shoulder suggest he 's be wait a few minute . silvia I should talk to this guy . the date you sure ? she nod . he 's surprised that he date be end abruptly , confuse as just how to respond . tobin simply watch . the date right . well . I guess ... she take control . silvia thank you . she kiss he on the lip . holding it just long enough so it do not seem perfunctory . silvia it 's okay . call I . he nod and move off , shoot a glance at he sudden rival . tobin make silvia come to he . she stand in the middle of the street and start where they leave off ... silvia I bet you do not vote , either . tobin and risk jury duty ? silvia what do you want ? tobin I think I have walk you home . 36 . she pretend it 's offer she can refuse . nod . she make she way onto the sidewalk . they walk a few uncomfortable step . tobin look up at flurry come into the light ... tobin do you miss Africa ? silvia sometimes . I miss friend . I miss certain thing . tobin like ? silvia the rush of hot air when you get off the plane . dog everywhere . the way the night smell like smoke . tobin what do not you miss ? silvia baboon , the meanest animal on the planet . warm coke . Poverty . ganja - smell man with ak47 . it 's hard to miss body hang on telephone pole . they walk a moment in silence . silvia sorry , I should not talk that way . most people assume White african be racist . tobin be they ? silvia my grandparent be . but my dad 's prefer form of rebellion be white guilt . I have to hide madonna album in Bob marley cover . tobin Bet he would have love Edgar . she stop walk . silvia what do you want from I , agent keller ? tobin the truth . silvia I always tell the truth ... tobin do not sell I you nobility , I have hear .. that ..one . she walk on . silvia Edgar 's a painful subject . tobin what do he tell you to do ? silvia please . tobin what do he tell you to do ?! silvia I hear you . tobin what ?! silvia he will not talk to I ! a beat . they wait while a couple pass . tobin because you leave he ? silvia he leave I . tobin why ? silvia I be white . tobin when do you hear from he last ? silvia five year ago . 38 . tobin what do he say ? silvia the unabridge version ? ( sarcastically ) dear silvia . good-bye . at you side , I will never be more than a statement . at my. side , ..you . will never be more than metaphor of colonialism . I be go back to Africa . sincerely , Edgar . a beat . her tone soften ... silvia I wish he would ask for help . I have waste year wait for that call . she wait a moment . then ... silvia good-night . CUT to : int . silvia 's live room - night a large corner room with loft window and view of the East River . it 's full of life : book , colorful fabric , African bric -a-brac . it feel a little like a meticulous antique store . there be no television or stereo . silvia stand half undress look at a wall of photo . close . on a photo of Edgar in bed beneath white sheet , he 's look up at the camera . we see silvia 's reflection in the frame 's glass . ext . silvia 's apartment build through the window , we see silvia go to she bedroom . the camera pull back to reveal a smail building on the East River ( roughly sutton Square ) . it have four unit , one on each floor . silvia be at the top . a fire -escape ascend the river side of the building . the queensboro Bridge be oddly close as it enter Manhattan directly behind the building . the camera move down to the quiet street below , onto a ... 39 . int . secret service car Mohammad sleep with earplug , airplane pillow and mask . Doug put packet ketchup on a block of tofu as he mouth the word to a rap song play in he earphone ... doug '' all the nigger in my hood , say , fuck everything , fuck everything . '' mohammad shhhh . cuut to : ext . first avenue - tuesday morning a still , bitter cold . the anti-Zuwanie protest have grow to a dozen . protestor now hold picture of murder ku . int . secret service office - day shari have huge computer print - out stack on she desk . she 's look for UN African name ( 3,000 ) in cell phone record for a give hour in Midtown Manhattan ( 350,000 ) . tobin come out of he office and put a file on she desk . tobin ( kid ) could I get some coffee ? she flip he off without look up . a male voice keller ! division director jay pettigrew ( 54 ) stand at the door of the conference room . half - a-dozen suit disperse around he . pettigrew have a lazy eye and a mordant manner . he make a come - with gesture . as tobin walk he through the cube farm , he scroll through text message on he cell . pettigrew you want a tour of my trouble ? tobin not particularly . pettigrew half the uniform division want to go be sky marshal . ( more ) pettigrew ( cont would ) we have twenty - year veteran under indictment for fraud . and , two day ago , a female Marine walk into the White House band room and find three of we guy watch porn . how 's that for a press -appropriate visual ? Three man in suit and sunglass sit around a room full of tubas with they dick out . tobin and the purpose of this tour be ... pettigrew stop near reception . pettigrew I hear this interpreter be bait we . why do we still have agent on she ? tobin I be not sure about she yet . pettigrew she likely to do more than lie ? tobin I doubt it . pettigrew then what 's to be sure about ? she make a report , we be investigate . tobin watch he boss read a text message . tobin do the State Department call you ? pettigrew ( nodd ) they do not want we to unnecessarily elevate the Wu 's threat level . tobin if she really hear a threat , she could be at risk . pettigrew put the cell away . pettigrew what 's it to you ? we do not protect private citizen . you have exactly one protectee here . 41 . tobin yeah , a genocidal maniac . pettigrew you suddenly get to evaluate the moral of the people we protect ? yes , Zuwanie be a evil human be , one whose death I hope involve copious amount of pain , you want to fly to Africa and kill he , I 'lii buy you a upgrade . but while he 's in we hand , he 's the goddamn pope . tobin I know the pope speech . pettigrew then act like it . Jesus , tobin . pettigrew stride to the door , as much confuse as perturb . CUT to : ext . silvia 's apartment build - day a nypd car be parking across the dead end of the street . a female nypd cop ( 40 ) get out and walk pass the door to the building , where tobin stand . female nypd cop that conspicuous enough ? tobin thanks , Peggy . she move off down the sidewalk . tobin wait a few second until silvia open the door . she 's not yet dress for work . silvia hey . tobin | hi. I just want to drop this off . i he hand she a nypd business card . tobin it 's the number for the PD precinct over on 55th . ( more ) 42 . tobin ( cont would ) the desk sergeant all expect you to call if something suspicious happen . my cell number be on the back . silvia do this mean you believe I ? tobin no . frankly , I think you 's be lie . a awkward beat . what if he 's wrong ? tobin let 's say this guy be a diplomat . a matobean . someone gun for he own President . someone who can not ask to be recall without draw attention . maybe with family back in matobo . now , every time he go into the UN he take a risk . if I be he , I have ... he think better of it . tobin if I be wrong about you , you need to be very careful . he 's frighten she . she nod . CUT to : int . secretariat lobby ~ day fifty Deco . Black and white linoleum floor . Green marble walis . Silver elevator shaft . Old - fashioned mail chute . silvia clutches she purse as she move through various UN type . she look behind she . int . interpreter 's locker room a narrow room line with square personal locker , each one have a combination lock . various interpreter come and go . the locker room be open onto the a Lounge and Computer Area . I silvia go to she locker and dial in the combination . as she do so , two Men near - by stop talk . she notice . she nod as she put she purse away and close the locker . she turn around . a jump . a black man be right there . a janitor . he smile apologetically . she do likewise . 43 . int . security council conference room ( conference build ) a much smaller version of the Council . Fifteen country crowd around a rectangular table . two wall be line with booth . this be where the real business be do . the room be tight ; the atmosphere , tense . the french ambassador speak loudiy , impromptu . the american ambassador 's face do not hide she disagreement . we hear silvia 's voice , flat , efficient ... silvia' voice the matobean vote put this Council exactly in position the Rome treaty envision it . int . english interpreter 's booth ( conference build ) silvia be at the mic . a male colleague ( 57 ) read a thick novel behind she . the door to the back hallway be open . as silvia interpret , she nervously eye the Conference room . silvia firmly behind a international criminal court . for that reason alone , this be a important vote . she hear quick footstep behind she in the access hallway . silvia however , it also allow this body to communicate a vision of itself . the footstep get closer . silvia we must prove we belief in global justice be free of bureaucratic ... she can not help but look back : a chinese interpreter hurry past , late for he shift . silvia ( correct herself ) ... free of bureaucracy and self - interest . silvia 's colleague make a flick motion with he finger ; she turn off the mic . 44 . colleague you okay ? silvia Fine . silvia turn on the mic and resume ... silvia we must put today 's human rights ... ( mic off ) I do not sleep well . {mic on ) +»..on a higher plain than we fear about tomorrow 's sovereignty . int . balcony over public lobby ( ga build ) silvia sip the last of a latte from a to - go cup . she set it on the railing and look down on the lobby below . the last of the tourist leave , a few mill around the African sculpture . silvia 's Pov : a mysterious man stand near exit . silvia watch he . there 's a loud bang . silvia 's Pov : a Young woman have drop a book . she pick it up off the floor . silvia look back to the mysterious man . silvia 's Pov : a woman and two kid approach the mysterious man - a tourist family - and they go to the exit . silvia bump the empty to - go cup . she watch as it tumble from the balcony and bounce off the side of the sculpture , which send it fly somewhere beneath the balcony . unsure what to do , silvia make a face and move away from the edge of the balcony . int . interpreter 's locker area silvia smile at herself - and she crazy fear - as she dial she lock 's combination . she open the locker door . silvia freeze . the locker be empty . CUT to : 45 . int . UN police office ( conference build ) - dusk almost everyone have go home . a asian Tour guide ( 28 ) - they wear national dress ~- wait for rory near the exit . he 's down at the other end of the office with silvia . she 's signing a theft report ; she hand shake a bit . rory do not worry . likely just a locker theft . we get shoulder surfer over there from time to time . she force a smile . rory you want a officer to take you home ? silvia no , thanks . T have to go pick up my extra set of key . rory alright . do not worry . okay ? she nod a thanks and move for the exit . he watch she . he hold up a just - a-second finder to he date and go to near - by cubicle . rory pick up the phone . int . secret service office - night everyone have go . everyone but tobin , who carry a take - out bag and '' the casual Dead '' book through the empty cube farm . tobin sit at shari 's desk . he 's stay late to cross -check the UN name against phone record . as he open he food , he see a red light flash on the phone and hit auto-dial . shari 's voice you have reach tobin kel ... tobin punch in a code . rory 's S voice tobin , it 's rory robb at the UN . I think you have want to know that Ms. Broome have she purse steal out of she locker . probably nothing . I x11 be in at nine tomorrow . 46 . tobin disconnect . he think about the theft a moment . then go back to the massive task at hand . int . up - scale apartment hallway silvia wait at a door . audrey open it , laugh and dress to kill . she say back into the apartment ... audrey T say it would spill . ( to silvia ) you poor thing . they kiss . she hand silvia a odd fuzzy ring with two key . silvia make a face . the key ring be new . silvia thanks , audrey you want to ... she gesture into she apartment . silvia give she a look . int . hallway to silvia 's apartment silvia get off a tiny elevator , exhaust . she go toward she door . stop . silvia look from the door the the key in she . hand . a unpleasant idea come to she . int . secret service office tobin hunch over the list . suddenly , he look up and say to absolutely no one ... tobin he 's after she key . int . hallway to silvia 's apartment steeling she will , silvia go to the door . she open it . int . silvia 's live room Dark . the door open . silvia be silhouett by the hallway light . she reach in and turn on the live room light . the apartment appear normal . wary , she leave the door open and come into she live room . she check around , then go to she bedroom door . 47 . silvia' Pov : the bedroom be dark . we hear a click as she turn on the overhead light . the room be undisturbed . silvia return to she front door and lock it shut . int . bedroom silvia enter . the bathroom can be see beneath it 's door . she react puzzle , unsure , and go toward it . int . bathroom silvia slowly push the door open . as the door widen , she jump back and scream a short shocked scream . her steal purse be sit on top of the toilette lid . she do not move . do not breathe . her intercom buzze out in the live room . she look that direction , as though she can not quite comprehend it . it buzze again . she wait . four second . six . a car speaker squawk in the street below ... speaker voice Ms. Broome ? ext . stlvia 's build a nypd squad car sit in front of she door . two cop look up at she brightly light apartment . CUT to : Pov from across the STREET : a small crowd of man now occupy silvia 's live room . int . surveillance apartment - night Doug nod approval . the apartment across from silvia 's be in mid-renovation : expose wiring , dry wall , concrete floor . a sleepy Real estate Baron rub he face as Doug say ... doug this will be fine . 48 . int . silvia 's live room two nypd cop watch Forensic technician in homeland Security jacket pack up . a locksmith change the door lock . Mohammad be testing foodstuff . silvia sit at she dining table with a glass of water . audrey sit with she . as do audrey 's date , a man with some sort of sauce spill on shirt . audrey they be only try to scare . they do not want you to help the police . silvia ( be : a room full of cop ) great . across the. room , tobin look the wall of photo : Young silvia on a horse . her parent wedding photo . antelope plonking in the bush . silvia stand behind guttere and kofi-annan . a Group of interpreter in front of the uno in Vienna . a large forensic guy ( 32 ) come by and tell he ... forensic guy the handbag be wipe clean . we will check the content at the lab . tobin thanks . the Forensic guy move away . dot approach . they keep they voice low ... dot Doug say it have a clear view . but it 's a least sixty second away . tobin we will keep a agent in the street . tobin and dot watch silvia ; she 's stare into the glass . dot you realize we have no way of know if the purse be really steal . tobin yeah . tobin point to a photo on the wall . 49 , tobin look . close on a photo . a panel sit at a long table beneath a banner for '' human rights watch '' . Edgar sukru kuman - kuman speak at a podium mark '' holiday Inn / johannesburg '' . tobin 's finger point to a panelist . it 's jon ( the CIA guy ) . dot ( 0.s. ) well , i’ 11 be damned . tobin ( 0.5 . ) yeah . cut to : ext . first avenue - wednesday morning heavy overcast . the protest Group have grow to thirty , anti - globalist type be now part of the mix . someone have bring in two gas heater . one woman hold up a effigy of Zuwanie with a bandana tie around he mouth . int . CIA ( african floor ) - day tobin walk the floor angry . as jon come out office , tobin push he back inside . int . jon 's office ( CIA ) jon hit he funny bone on a bookcase . jon oww ! Jesus , that hurt . tobin close the door . he wait while jon work he hand . jon what ? tobin a UN interpreter spend four year fuck kuman -kuman and the CIA have nothing on she ? jon do not look up . tobin what 's go on , jon ? i i i [ jon make a show of work he hand , buy time to make a decision . finally ... 50 . jon every time a piece of information leave this building , the person who give it to we will probably be kill . remember that . ( a beat ) we think kuman - kuman be dead . jon go over to he desk . jon two week ago , a couple of ngo consultant be shot while look into ku murder in the South . one of they take this ... jon put a fuzzy photo in front of tobin . close on a photo of a dead black man . we recognize he from the soccer stadium . tobin will you present it to the Security Council ? jon 's face tell we this be not a easy issue for he . jon this be not we fight , tobin . if we support refer Zuwanie , we have be support the icc . we can not do that . not now . there 's too much anti-americanism out there . we will not risk we citizen one day face a court we do not control . tobin Zuwanie 's a monster . jon yes . that 's why we be not go to veto he referral . he 's on he own . ( a beat ) look , I be not even sure this be kuman - kuman . tobin pick up the photo , examine it . tobin I can find out . tobin put the photo in he jacket . jon make a token attempt to stop hin . si. jon do not ... tobin ... fuck . tobin exit . jon call after he ... jon you can not tell she ! cur to : int . dot 's office - day it 's small and scattered with Georgia bulldog memorabilia and too many plant . tobin pace in front of dot 's desk ; he still wear he coat . she watch he . after a couple of turn ... tobin I have to tell she . dot no , actually , you do not . tobin okay , I want to tell she . do and I want to pick up the phone and call the wife of a couple of South american president . but I will not . and you will not either . if you can not take the bullet or the bullshit ... he gesture concession . tobin you be right . ( a beat ) it 's not my probiem . dot 's Assistant open the door and sheepishly mouth ... dot 's assistant you four o’ clock . int . secret service office as tobin pass shari , he see she hand be fold over the computer print-out and she affect a big cartoon smile . tobin what ? 52 . she spin she monitor . shari twenty - two call make or receive by between ten and eleven p.m . tobin any diplomat ? he goes. into ... int . tobin 's office -— continuous tobin take off he coat and sit . shari enter behind he . he pull the list up on he computer screen . shart two nigerian . look like they be talk to each other . the rest be mostly clerical . Three translator . a post office worker . tobin be they all in the UN right now ? shari should be . all but one janitor . he work night . tobin alright , call Doug and mchammad in early . have Doug go interview the janitor . we will catch the other at home later . tell Mo to get over to the UN . we need they to pull file on all twenty - two . today . then have he run the name past nil lud - maybe they be on a some watch list . he turn back to he computer . she wait . tobin that 's it . shari '' thank you , shari . '' he make a go gesture . CuT to : 53 . int . coffee area in UN basement ( conference build ) silvia and audrey sit in a quiet corner read document . a UN cop assign to silvia stand a few foot from they table . audrey be he interesting ? silvia who ? audrey you secret service agent . silvia look back at she document . silvia no. yes. maybe . the feel of be protect be interesting . it 's weirdly primal and ... sexy . audrey smile . tne UN cop be eavesdropp . he , too , smile . and suck in he gut ever so slightly . CUT to : int . tobin be office - day tobin read a document . the '' the casual Dead '' be on he desk shari 's voice Doug on three . he pick up the phone . tobin yeah ? int . landing ( crown height apartment build ) qld . worn. Dark . Doug stand on the landing talk into he cell . a hasidic man ( 60 ) stand behind he . doug janitor life in a week - to-week in Crown Heights . no one 's home . but the landlord come up . he say he have let I in . we could make a case for a protective sweep . int . tobin 's office tobin on the phone as before . he consider the legality to Doug 's query . meanwhile ... shari 's voice rory robb on seven . tobin alright , five minute . tobin punch over to rory . tobin hey . int . rory 's office ( conference build ) rory talk on the phone while scan a report on he desk . through he open door , we see Mohammad and nil lud talk as the mercenary look through the suspect list . rory no print on the locker . look like it be wipe . tobin ( 0.s. ) do you check for trace of leather oil or latex dust ? rory negative . that locker area get pretty busy . anybody wear glove would likely attract suspicion . int . tobin 's office tobin stand . tobin anybody wiping down a locker would also attract suspicion . he hesitates . thinks . say mostly to himself ... tobin ( cont have ) unless he 's a janitor . CUT to : int . entry hallway ( crown height apartment ) - day the door creak open for Doug and the landlord . 55 . landlord someone at home ? Doug gesture for the landlord to wait on the landing . he put he hand in he jacket and step slowly inside . doug 's Pov : the entry hallway be about twelve foot long . he can see part of a dark live room . the curtain be draw . his. cell.ring .. he freeze . doug ( sotto ) fuck . Doug fish for he phone and answer without take he eye off the hallway . doug yeah ? tobin { ( 0.s. ) get out . doug what ? int . tobin 's office tobin 's in front of he desk now . tobin back out . now . doug why ? tobin we 's be on we way . tobin slam he phone down and grab he coat . int . secret service office tobin hurry out he office . tobin dot! {to shari ) I need a warrant for the janitor 's address . ( run off ) dot ! 56 . shari tobin ! he 's forget he gun . he grab it as dot come out of she office , hold out a hand with finger spread . they run through the cube farm . a mobile manicurist exit dot 's office and ask ... manicurist should I wait ? CUT to : ext . nostrand ave . ( crown height ) - day a potent mix of different ethnicity : West Indians , African - Americans , lubavitcher . every shop seem to have a sign with too much text and merchandise spilling out onto the sidewalk . tobin blow into he hand as he wait in front a three story walk - up with a wig shop on the ground floor . dot and Doug be with he , as be the landlord . tobin here they be . two FBI agent jog toward they . one 's short and confident , the other a classic square - jaw . doug ( to the landlord ) we will let you know if we need you . he shrug and go inte the wig shop . the short of the two FBI agent wear a FBI windbreaker mark '' terrorism Task Force '' , he name be lemann ( 42 ) . his colleague be agent alan ( 36 ) lemann people . Alan greet they with a nod . they all go inside . int . entry hallway ( crown height apartment ) the door open quickly . tobin and lemann lead . dot and Alan follow . Doug bring up the rear , close the door behind he . 57 . int . live room ( crown height ) Dark . sparsely furnish . tobin and lemann spin the corner ; they exchange a look . the kitchen and part the live area have be convert into a crude bomb factory with pot , bucket , beaker , empty fertilizer bag , a car battery , two large camp lantern . the agent gingerly approach . dot and Alan go to check a adjacent bedroom and bathroom . a pipe bomb sit on the floor : two row of pvc pipe bound together with electrical tape and attach to a weight - lifter 's belt with no buckle ; the pipe be not cap . dot ( 0.s. ) clear ! kelly ( 0.s. ) clear ! tobin and the lemann kneel in front of the bomb . lemann it 's a fragmentation device . ( point ) that 's the detonator . a wooden clothespin with aluminum - wrap head be fix to the pipe . bach head be wrap with a tiny bit of wire and a small wedge of wood separate they to prevent contact . a kite string tie to the wedge serve as a rip cord . lemann prebabliy not enough metal to set off the UN detector . and he can test it , he 's just carry a old clethespin and bit of aluminum . Doug peer down on pan with thousand of small screw in a milky fluid . FBI agent ( 0.s. ) if it pass , he walk the bomb through - bring the battery and shrapnel in separately . det and Alan come back into the room . a long , weird beat . 58 . Doug step over the light switch . tobin wait ! his hand freeze . everyone stare at tobin . tobin ( corit have ) why the lantern if there 's light ? all eye go to the light fixture . it 's completely pack with a dark paste wrap in clear plastic . tobin what be it ? FBI agent give the fertilizer bag and empty battery , I have say either rdx or tnt . they stare at the fixture until dot break the tension ... bot that 's just rude . the man force themselves to smile . out in the entry way , the front door lock click over . the agent hush . tt click again as someone outside realize it be not lock . quiet . only the street noise outside . the agent wait . weapon be all aim at the entry hallway . tobin start to step into the live area . floor board moan . he look at Doug , who can see farther into the entry hallway from he position . Doug shrug . they hear a hinge on the front door creak , slowly , as if it 's at the mercy of wind . tobin slowly continue to the haliway , step by step . he peer around the corner . tobin 's Pov : the front door be ajar . tobin wave he colleague to follow . 59 . int . entry hallway tobin step down the hallway , slowly , carefully . the doorway be only ten foot away . int . stairwell two african men breathe heavily , freeze on the stair in mid flight . we recognize one of they as the janitor . the second man be painfully thin , terrify . they face be illuminate from below . nil lud stand just inside the street door , hold a large gun point at the ground ( he 's just enter as the man be about to exit ) . he look at they with absolute neutrality . suddenly , footstep can be hear run down the third floor stair . lud hold up a wait finger to the african and point back up the stair . he know they . the footstep run onto the second - floor landing . the african exchange a look . reluctantly , the janitor take a handgun out of he belt and turn around . the skinny African start to protest but hear lud 's weapon click and turn to see it point at he . he draw a small handgun and assume a position a few step down . the agent footstep now run the second - floor stair . the attacker wait . as they footstep hit the landing overhead , lud aim at the back of the janitor 's skull and fire . int . first floor landing tobin , dot , Doug and the FBI Agents fall back against the wall as two more round blast right beneath they . Dead silence . nils lud ( o.s. ) agent keller ? tobin lud ?! int . stairwell lud have shot both african : the janitor in the back of the head ; the skinny man , in the chest , then forehead . nils lud I believe we be secure . 61 . int . tobin 's spare bedroom the door creak . tobin turn on the light . the room be carpete and newly paint and completely empty except for a neat pile of pack box in the very center . each box be label with black marker : jenn . tobin run he hand over the box , lose in think . CUT to : int . silvia 's live room - night silvia bend by the kitchen counter and check herself in the reflection of a toaster . the doorbell ring . she open the door wide for tobin . silvia I bet you do not recycle , either . tobin hey . silvia apology accept . tobin you hear ? silvia it be on the news . a awkward beat . she 's throw by he reticence . silvia congratulation . she hug he . it 's uncomfortable . the sort of hug of two people who have imagine touch . a beat . he can not start . tobin I be marry . for six year . my wife die eighteen month ago . of cancer . silvia I be sorry . his subject choice tell she something 's wrong . 62 . silvia what be it ? tobin Edgar . silvia what ? have something happen ? what about he ? his silence be tell , damn . he finally open he mouth , but she quickly put she finger on he lip . silvia wait . after a moment , she jerk back she hand and hold it , freeze , a terrible fear . be finally be realize . tobin a month be a long time . silvia do not . whatever you think you know , do not say a word . she 's start to panic . silvia you can not tell I anything . just because you wife die ... tobin silvia . silvia do not ! you protect I ! you protect I ! that 's you fuck job ! do it . do you job . do it . do it . he start to touch she . she will not let he . silvia leave . I do not want you here . leave . now ! ( a beat ) leave . please . leave . tobin go to the door and exit . CUT to : 63. int . tobin 's car - night tobin look the picture of kuman - kuman 's body by the dome light . he 's still park in front of silvia 's building . his cell ring . tobin hello ? ( no response ) hello ? he lower he window , look up at silvia 's dark apartment . tobin hello ? finally , a voice reach he , raw , weak , flat ... silvia ( 0.s. ) if he 's dead , turn out the light . silvia disconnect . tobin look up at she window . he can see nothing . he reach up and turn out the dome light . unsure what to do next , he sit in the cold dark . he wait . he can hear occasional sound of the City . a train . a car horn on the FDR . a distant garage truck 's reverse warning . and then - low and barely audible - he hear the wail of a woman in deep and horrible grief . CUT to : ext . first avenue - thursday morning fog . the protest have grow to over a hundred . a respectable detachment of nypd officer have be assign to they . the protestor chant ... protestor Zauwanie kill ! Zuwanie kiil ! int . subway platform silvia wear sunglass as she walk to platform 's edge . the commuter around she read tabloid , sip coffee , work pda 's . a train can be hear rumbling loudly down the track . 64 . automate announcer Express train . please step back . Express train . please step back . as the train approach , silvia do not move . she look down . her toe extend just over the platform 's edge . a deafen roar of a emergency horn as the train enter the station . the train barrel past she , inch from she face . silvia do not move . CUT to : int . secret service conference room - day a world map on the wall . a globe . a window onto the usss field office . a very long table . like tobin 's office , it face East and the secretariat be visible in the morning fog . lud have Chief Wu and rory laugh tobin lead lemann , dot and Mohammad into the room . Mohammad hand out report as lemann and dot take they seat . tobin hold up a file with a photocopy passport photo of the skinny African clipped to the outside . tobin ( cont no ) Kenneth tebiki . he arrive on a tourist visa eighteen day ago carry a Zambian passport . we think he 's we suicide bomber . he toss the file on the table and hold up another with a photocopy driver license photo of the janitor . tobin ( cont have ) you janitor 's real name be adimba nujoma . South African . a cell phone register to he get a call froma cape town pay phone Thursday night . the print pattern suggest he 's the bomb-maker . the name and social he use to gain employment belong to a decease gap employee in oakland . neither man be a know terrorist operative . tobin sit . everyone speak quickly ... chief wu what make you think tebiki be the bomber ? 65 . tobin he need a return ticket to get a visa . he cashed it in and use the credit to book nujoma on a Saturday flight to Paris . dot Business or coach ? tobin give she a look , ask rory ... tobin do you check nujoma 's UN locker ? rory we find a battery and wire . but he have two more shift before tomorrow - one to walk the bomb through , one to . bring in the shrapnel . lemann you man would not stop a guy tote big bag of screw ? chief wu no , the janitor 's id badge be the same as general maintenance . lemann they be prepare . dot and frugal . tobin so who be they ? the first pause . nil lud look a Polaroid of the pipe bomb . nils lud the bomb be simple , crude . it look like AFP . tobin the AFP do not have a presence in Zambia . accord to he passport , tebiki make one trip in he entire life . he come to New York City . nils lud the passport be certainly a fake . 66 . mohammad or he could be a viatical . chief wu what 's a viatical ? dot someone with a terminal illness who do a suicide attack in exchange fora large payment to he .» family . tobin in advance . ( to Mohammad ) have the corner check Mr. tebiki 's t-cell count . ( to lemann ) be video equipment find on scene ? lemann no . why ? shari open the door . shari Problem . CUT to : tobin run . we realize he 's inside the ... int . booth access hallway ( security council ) - day tobin be hurry toward the open door of the English booth . int . english translator 's booth {security council ) silvia wait as tobin enter . she look like she have not sleep . she close the door behind he . silvia I keep get call . no matter where I be . this booth . the ga . it ring until someone pick up . she point to the phone . like all phone in the building , it have a clunky retro quality . tobin what do they say ? 67 . silvia nothing . they hang up , wait five minute and call again . but they never say anything . its happen thirty - five , forty time . tobin what if you mic 's on . silvia the light flash . the door suddenly open . it 's audrey . audrey sorry. {to silvia ) '' Monday Morning quarterback '' ? silvia deciduer café du commerce . / audrey merci . audrey sense something be wrong ; she look tobin over . audrey bye . audrey exit . a awkward pause . silvia I be sorry . I be not sure who ... tobin it 's okay . tobin look down onto the Council below . tobin 's Pov : the british ambassador have the floor . british ambassador Mr. Zuwanie must lay out a clear program of democratization if this Council be to ... back on tobin and siivia . tobin be you sure this where you need to be today ? 68 . silvia no . I do not want to be alone . he watch she a moment . the phone ring . silvia jump . tobin answer as the second ring start . tobin hello ? a distant click . tobin puts.his fingers.on. the cradle . tobin be this a outside line ? she nod . he hit *- 6 - 9 . and wait . tobin it 's ringing . Ring two . he gesture for she come closer . they share the ear piece . they cheek almost touch . a distant ring . tobin and silvia listen to ring four . a machine answer ... female voice ( 0.s. ) sorry . I can not come to the phone right now , but here 's the beep . silvia gasp . tobin what ?! who be it ?! silvia me. tobin from you machine at home ?! she can only nod . CUT to : int . hallway to silvia 's apartment ~ day dot click off she gun 's safety . silvia be behind she . tobin gingerly turn the key in the lock and push the door open . int . silvia 's live room dot and tobin enter : the place have be completely ransacked . 69 . the take a moment to register the chaos . silvia stand in the doorway . dot I think it 's safe to say whoever 's behind we threat be not back home watch '' lifestyle of the Rich and dictatorial '' . silvia view the room without emotion . CUT to : int . delegete ' lobby ( ga build ) - day tobin and dot join a Advance team meeting . twenty - three law enforcement type stand in a circle . all holster be empty . lemann indicate himself . lemann FBI . a group of a six nypd uniform . nypd leader nypd . I be intel. ( indicate ) and that 's traffic . terrorist Task Force . sniper team . and bomb squad . tobin homeland . tobin point to a man in White uniform , a suit , and dot . tobin Coast Guard . NSA . secret service . agent Woods be we detail leader . dot stand in front of four Men . Chief Wu stand flanke by rory and six UN investigator . chief wu alright , let 's get start . at ten - thirty tomorrow the UN go on security alert , that mean all transit area will be clear and secure . service will bring Zuwanie through here at ten-fifty -eight . 70 . dot we ’1ll have five agent work the man . we take he up that stair to the greenroom . chief wu the Green room be we safe room . ( point ) the Public lobby will be close all morning for-law-enforcement..use .... no one get in without a badge . rory personnel list be due today . lemann how be you restricting access ? chief wu accredite press and employee have already be issue special tag . tobin and Zuwanie 's entourage ? chief wu they go through the scanner like everybody else . protocol allow each visit dignitary one guard with one handgun . Zuwanie 's not even get that . nypd intel delegate ? chief wu delegate be a problem , we have to rely on the member state to inform we if somebody do not belong . moan . Chief Wu wave they down . chief wu we have one chance to keep Zuwanie alive : make it impossible to get a weapon inside the building . int . general assembly hall dot stand at the famous podium and address the Assembly . 71 . dot ... and another thing , pay you damn parking ticket . rory ( 0.s. ) gun ! dot be grab by four secret service Agents and whisk from the podium . they drag she to the Green room use they hand as gun . UN cop provide cover . the Hall be empty . the Assembly be at lunch . Chief Wu time the exercise from the floor with a stopwatch . tobin and rory stand beside he chief wu ( cont have ) eighteen second ! Mohammad enter from the foyer and gesture for tobin . CUT to : int . glass stairwell - day just off the hallway between the ga and Conference building . a quiet area use by UN tour guide , so there 's a small model of the UN near the door . on one wall be a aerial photo of it with the word '' International territory '' write above . diplomat move up and down the hallway on the other side of the glass . Mohammad lead tobin down it . they enter , look for a quiet place to talk . mohammad tebiki have aids . full blow . and nujoma have two prior bullet wound , one within the last year . coroner find grenade shrapnel in he leg . this fact spin through tobin 's head . tobin he be a mercenary . mohammad a merc and a viatical , that make this a money job . tobin why make it look like a terrorist attack ? why do it in the UN ? 72 . tobin look to the UN model , then the aerial photo across the room . he register the word INTERNATIONAL territory . cuot to : int . bistro ( georgetown ) - day jon ( the CIA guy ) sit across from he boyfriend , who 's not happy that jon 's take a cell call ... jon nil lud ? ext . UN plaza pool tobin talk on he cell while pace up and down in front of the freeze pool . tobin would he sell Zuwanie out ?! int . bistro ( georgetown ) jon stand from the table . jon he have sell he child for part . ( to he boyfriend ) I know , I promise . jon move to a window , out of earshot of other patron . jon okay , let 's say nil lud be be pay to arrange a hit on Zuwanie , by the ku , by the AFP , by a very forward - think philanthropist , whoever . do not matter . ( the old questicn ) why do it in the United Nations ? ext . UN plaza pool tobin as before . tobin it 's international territory . ( he stop pace ) anywhere else , lud 's responsible . States let a visit dignitary 's security force control they man . but the UN do not . Wu 's not even allow he the usual armed guard . 73 . tobin look up at the tower secretariat . tobin this be the only place on the planet where a security consultant can not be hold responsible for he client 's safety . int . bistro ( georgetown ) jon consider the possibility . jon and if he 's not responsible , no one can say he be involved . there 's no fall - out . professional or criminal . tobin ( 0.s. ) yeah . jon smile . jon clean . it 's out there . but it 's clean . CUT to : ext . silvia 's build - day two nypd officer stand in the doorway . int . silvia 's live room still . ransacked chaos . she have not bother to clean up . int . silvia 's bedroom it , too , have be ransacke . we hear the shower . int . silvia 's bathroom silvia lie in fetal position on the tub floor . the shower rain down on she , create a small pool around she body . she stare at drop hit in the water . CUT to : int . dot 's car - day dot drive . she use she sleeve to clear the windshield . tobin adjust she defroster . they be stick in traffic . dot I know what he will say . he ’1ll say , '' why the hell would lud shoot he own man ? '' that 's what he ’1ll say . tobin reach over and honk she horn . tobin they be worthless the second they make we suspect list . - and tebiki be probably too sick to run . tobin honk she horn . she give he a exasperate look , which he 's too pre-occupy to notice . tobin it explain why there be no video . terrorist always make a video , the handler need it to make sure the bomber do not back out . when tobin reach for the horn , she hit he hand dot if lud organize the attack , why ransack silvia 's place ? he 's only tell we it 's not over . tobin no idea . something nujoma say that night must scare he . unless ... CUT to : ext . detmold park - day a very small strip of grass behind beekman place . the sort of hide park use by drug dealer and leash - law violator . the FDR be on the other side of a cyclone fence . tobin , dot and silvia hug themselves in the cold . over the roar of surging traffic , tobin complete the sentence from the previous scene ... tobin could lud be the man you hear ? silvia if he pick up french from he soldier , he might mimic they pronunciation . it 's possible . but even if I hear he say the exact same phrase , I could not be sure . tobin he do not know that . 75 . a man with a dog appear at the park entrance . he see it 's occupy and move on . tobin lud be travel on a dipiomatic passport . the evidentiary standard to- get-him - in. protective . custody be high . but if we make he think you can identify he voice , he may try to contact you . he may offer you money . he may threaten you again , directly . he may threaten people you know . here . or in matobo . he may come after you . if we can catch he do any of that thing , we would have evidence . only the three of we would be involved . it would mean heighten you exposure . silvia look from tobin to dot . they do not have to tell she the proposal be a flagrant violation of procedure . dot you can say yes or no . a beat . the traffic roar . silvia can I ask you something ? tobin of course . silvia if I be stand beside Zuwanie and you see a man with a gun . if you could only grab one of we . if you have one second to decide . who would you save ? tobin Zauwanie . and I would not need the second . silvia stare at tobin . neither one look away . finally , she smile a slow smile . silvia I will help . tobin thank you . silvia with one proviso . I want a handgun . to keep at home just for a few day . until all this blow over . tobin and dot exchange a look . dot . we can not just give you a gun . silvia you 's be ask I to risk my life . dot we can protect you , Ms. Broome . that 's sorta we job . stlvia you job be to protect Zuwanie . tobin we can protect you , too . silvia can you ? she look at he for a hard moment . tobin yes . a beat . she nod a reluctant concession . CUT to : ext . howard johnson 's restaurant ( time square ) - day a steady stream of bulky tourist pass . a lose balloon float above they , up among winter steam and neon . through a window , we see tobin sit alone in a booth while speak into a voice recorder . Edgar 's book be on the table in front of he . nil lud pass by outside . int . howard - johnson 's restaurant it 's moderately quiet give the crowd and chaos outside . lud enter and come to tobin , who 's say into the recorder ... 77 . tobin rave the linguistic tech check it . ( he gesture lud to sit ) and tell Ms. Broome she can review the last of the tape when she 's in the office during Zuwanie 's speech . tobin lower the voice recorder . tobin you speak french do not you ? nils lud yes . tobin how would you say , '' edmond Zuwanie will die in this room ? '' nils lud edmond Zuwanie va mourir dan cette chambre meme . tobin move he hand so lud can see the voice recorder 's red light be illuminate . tobin say it again . he hold the dictaphone to lud 's mouth . lud stare at it for a moment . he 's stick . then with false confidence ... nils lud edmond Zuwanie va mourir dan cette chambre meme . tobin hit stop . tobin chambre . beautiful word . nils lud you investigation continue ? tobin somebody break into Ms. Broome 's apartment this morning . nil lud look like he 's get information he can not quite comprehend . tobin set the voice recorder on the table . 78 . tobin this interpreter be amazing . I have she review tape of various diplomat speak french this morning . she have hear three word and say , '' rotsi . he 's a caprivian . '' I have never even hear of caprivia . nils lud caprivi . it.is.in. western . Namibia . tobin that 's helpful . lud put on he best false smile . nils lud why do you wish to see I , agent keller ? tobin I just need you french on tape . we be check everyone security camera pick up leave the UN Thursday after ten p.m . you leave ... ( check a document ) ... at eleven-twenty -two . pro forma . tobin mimic the mercenary smile . lud look at the voice recorder in the middle of the table , as if taunting he . the waitress approach . tobin gesture for the check . tobin you be not worried , be you ? lud laugh . he stand . nils lud right , then . tobin see you , tomorrow . oh , one more thing . about the other night ... ( a beat ) thank you . the South African nod and limp for the door . CUT to : 79 . int . public lobby ( ga build the lobby be close , dark and lock . silvia stand with a knapsack at she foot . she 's lock up at the sculpture of Africa below , lose in painful think . the UN cop guard she enter the frame behind she ... UN cop ( concerned ) Ms. Broome ? silvia can you do a favor ? can you give a few minute ? if you have wait out in the Hall , make sure no one come ? UN cop of course . and he leave she at she make shift memorial . fade to : winter STORM over midtown manhattan at night . CUT to : ext . . time square - night a sea of umbrella . neon light obscure by rain . tourist huddle in the rain and sleet beneath a lingerie poster . lud move come out of the Marriott wear a plastic rain coat . dot , obscure by a cap and poncho , follow . CUT to : int . silvia 's bedroom - night silvia turn on she bedside lamp and sit up in bed . after a moment , she phone ring . it startles she . int . surveillance apartment tobin stand at a window . a hood camp lantern be on a near - by chair , as be Edgar 's book . tobin speak on he cell while look into silvia 's bedroom . tobin you okay ? 80 . intercut between the bedroom and surveillance apartment : silvia no . a beat . she lay on she side and look up at he darken window . she can not see he , but she know which window he 's in . silvia I can not see you . he turn up a camp lantern on a chair until he can see he own reflection . silvia talk to I . tobin ( be : Edgar ) you have not tell anyone , have you ? she do not respond . he can hear she breathe . when they do speak , it 's in quiet tone and long pause ... silvia just my guard at the UN . tobin why not ? silvia I hate condolence . that extra sincere tone . the force eye - contact . the two -hande handshake . tobin I hate the advice . '' you have to get out of bed every morning . '' silvia '' this will make you stronger . '' tobin '' be thankful for the memory . '' silvia '' remind yourself he 's better off . '' she get out of bed and pace in front of the window . a beat . 81 . silvia tell I about you wife . tobin what do you want to know ? silvia what do you miss about she ? tobin simple thing . sound of she key in the door . the weight of she leg on mine . the smell of she pillow . jenn use to have this say , usually for when I forget to do something . she have say , '' honey , love be a slow river of small detail . '' silvia that 's beautiful . and cruel . tobin cruel ? silvia the sexiest thing a man can do be express love for another woman - it 's the one time you can really trust he , tobin what do you miss about Edgar ? silvia I miss who I be around he . I miss be naive . she wander back to she bed and lie down . silvia we be walk one night through Toronto . it be we second date . a homeless woman come up . she keep say , swear to God . '' I be gonna buy food . swear to god. just food . swear to God . '' Edgar give she twenty dollar . she leave . happy . I say , '' you realize she 's not go to buy food . '' he say , '' I be not give she money , I be give she trust . '' ( more ) 82 . silvia ( cont would ) ( a beat ) I take he home and fuck he , but this day ... a long pause . tobin you okay ? click . she 's go . he watch she . she 's lose in think , as if she 's forget he . she reach up turn out the light . he do the same . tobin stand in the dark . CUT to : int . subway station platform - night twenty passenger wait , wet , cold . lud come down stair onto the platform . dot follow a few second later , pretend to check she cell 's display . but lud do not look back . in fact , he do not even stop . he move with steady purpose up another flight of stair . int . subway station passage narrow . twist . it 's one of that long passage that lead to another station . a violin play somewhere in the maze . dot hurry along . though she only get fleeting glimpsis of lud 's plastic coat , she keep he footstep in front of she . as she turn a corner , he 's go . she jump back . listen . she hear he footstep recede . she peek around the corner to see there be a adjoin passage just ahead . dot peek around the corner . dot 's Pov : the adjoin passage quickly dead end at a accordion gate . the gate open . she pull she head back and wait . after a few second ... dot 's Pov : the adjoin passage be now empty . int . adjoining passage dot make she way to the gate , unsnapp she holster . the gate 's chain look like it 's be cut . stair on the other lead down to a brightly light subway platform . 83. dot shit . dot hurriedly squeeze through the gate . CUT to : int . surveillance apartment - night tobin read '' the» casual . Dead '' ... something .. make . he smile as he close the book for a moment and take up the binocular . binocular Pov : silvia be in bed asleep . he scope she live room . the apartment door be close . the window onto the fire escape be close . CUT to : int . abandoned subway platform - night filthy . graffiti . homeless detritus . visible on the tile wall be a partial station plate for '' lexington Ave . '' dot come down the stair , surprised to find the platform be abandon yet brightly light . she take out she weapon . behind she , the last thirty foot of platform be stack with old school desk the City store and forget . in front of she , the north end be sixty yard away . a row of thin iron pillar run along the track . dot advance north , use the pillar for cover . thirty yard ahead be a second stairwell lead up into darkness . Beyond the stairwell be a rusty metal door . dot keep the pillar between the track and she body . she pass the stairwell and look up into darkness . it seem to be seal off at the top . she move in position toward the metal door . she reach for the doorknob . it 's lock . dot turn to the track . as she approach , she see they be no longer visible in a quagmire of black ooze and gunk . she go , stand at the edge of the platform and look into the track tunnel . left. right. nothing . she stay at the edge of the platform and listen . she hear a express train rumble past overhead , and then silence . b4 . int . surveillance apartment tobin watch . int . silvia 's bedroom silvia sleep . int . abandoned subway platform dot listen at the track . she come back through the row of pillar and walk to the center of the platform . then - with a eerie metallic clang - the light go out . Black . pure Black . dot shit . we hear she breathe . then after a few second ... a footstep . dot stop breathe . be it a footstep ? there 's a rustling sound . again . dot hello ? silence . a crunch . dot hello ? nothing . flash . dot fire toward the track . she 's use the powder flash to see the platform to the north . it 's empty . flash . tobin watch silvia . flash . dot. fire to check the platform to the south . empty . flash . silvia suddenly open she eye . flash . dot fire to look behind she . nothing . Black . 85 . silence . dot 's poncho rustle with the sound of aim in the dark . dot ( sotto ) shit. silence . dot 's face appear in the light of cell phone display . CUT to : int . surveillance apartment -— night tobin on he cell phone , irritate . tobin alright , I be on my way . tobin disconnect and raise he binocular . binocular Pov : silvia lie in bed . he pick up he cell phone and hit re-dial . tobin sorry to wake . you . binocular Pov : silvia hold the phone . silvia ( 0.s. ) I be not asleep . tobin lower the binocular . tobin I have to leave you alone for a few minute . Fifteen at the most . ( he check the street ) he may be up to something . int . silvia 's bedroom silvia sit up . silvia I 'il be okay . go ahead . she hang up . she consider she empty apartment . CUT to : 86. ext . silvia 's STREET - night rain . tobin exit the building that house he surveillance apartment . he look up and down the street . quiet . the nypd patrol car be still park at the end . he run to he car in the rain and retrieve a flashlight . ext . 59 th STREET tobin run east . above he , the Roosevelt Island cable car roll to the queensboro Bridge , a bright blur in the mist . int . cheap rental car nil lud watch tobin run past , hum to Roger whittaker . CUT to : ext . silvia 's STREET - night nil lud look up at silvia 's dark apartment . he hold a bag . int . neighbor 's S apartment the intercom buzze . a male neighbor in a bathrobe pick up the receiver to hear a great deal of static . male neighbor hello ? a voice be indecipherable . think the intercom have go out , he hit the door-release button . ext . silvia 's build lud hold a small walkie-talkie tweak to emit static up to the intercom . the door lock buzze open . int . elevator in silvia 's build lud put in a earpiece . close on the earpiece . we hear the very faint voice of a nypd dispatcher and beat cop . int . hallway to silvia 's apartment lud kneel at silvia 's door . he open he bag to reveal a towel , hacksaw , flashlight , drill , etc . he take out a '' pick gun '' , a battery - cperate locksmith 's tool that align tumbler electrically . 87 . he go to work on she new dead bolt . int . silvia 's live room silvia be enter quietly , look at the door . she can hear soft click sound and a slight electric hum . close on the door . Light come from beneath . silvia watch . int . subway station passage tobin and dot hurry through the narrow passage . dot the light could have be on a timer . his cell phone ring . once . by the time he get it out of he pocket it 's stop . instinctively , they both look at the id . close on the phone display : '' silvia Broome '' . they start to run . int . silvia 's live room silvia put she phone in she pocket . she look around . she go to fire escape window . as she open it , she hear ... close on the door . her dead bolt turn . then the doorknob start to click and hun . , ext . 59 th STREET - night tobin run the rainy street . dot follow fifty yard behind . int . silvia 's live room lud push the door open with he gun . he grab the towel but leave he tool in the hallway . he enter , close the door , wrap the towel around he gun . silvia be nowhere to be see . the bedroom door be close . the storm blow in from the fire escape window . he investigate ; the escape be empty . he move toward the bedroom . the phone ring . it ring again . and again . on the third , silvia 's machine answer . 88 . silvia 's voice sorry . I can not come to the phone right now , but here 's the beep . and after the cue tone , lud hear over the speaker ... silvia ( 0.s. ) I can see you . and»she»hangs ~ up . -lud.looks..from . the.phone..machine...up..to.. the surveillance apartment ; it 's too dark to see she . int . silvia 's bathroom the shower curtain be close . we move over the top to reveal silvia huddle behind it ; she hold she cell phone . int . silvia 's live room lud 's not yet convinced ; he continue to the bedroom door . int . silvia 's bathroom silvia wince as she hear the bedroom door open . int . silvia 's bedroom lud look around . he move toward the close bathroom door as the intercom buzze out in the live room . he freeze . ext . silvia 's STREET tobin pound on the buzzer as he work a key . CUT to : int . silvia 's bathroom Inside the shower , silvia wait and listen . she hear footstep , soft , furtive . she realize they be creep toward she . silvia look around in desperation . the footstep move closer . closer . she can see a form with a gun . she hold she phone with the antenna forward , a pathetic gouging weapon . the shower curtain rip back . silvia scream . he jump . 89 . tobin sorry . she collapse into he . silvia he break in ... tobin lud ? silvia I do not know . he help she out of the tub . CUT to : int . silvia 's live room all the light be on . dot be at the door fill the outer keyhole from a tube of epoxy . silvia sit cupping a mug . dot you will not be able to get in until after it 's replace . tobin enter ( he 's be to he car ) and dot close the door . he put a handgun on silvia 's table . tobin make sure we get it back . silvia nod . tobin one of we will go back across the street . the other will sleep here . whoever you prefer . silvia stand . silvia I prefer to be alone . dot and tobin exchange a puzzle glance . silvia take she mug and gun to the kitchen without look at they . silvia {a kiss off ) I would feel safer that way . CUT to : 90. int . surveillance apartment — night it 's still raining . tobin watch silvia 's apartment like a hawk . dot join he at the window . he 's feel guilty ... tobin we almost kill she . dot yep . it 's that simple . she pat he on the should and move away . fade to : a montage of tobin watch through the night . literally . we stay on he face , blend ever closer . tobin watch with shadow of rain on skin . the shadow fade . he sip coffee . dot wake and go . flashes from a ambulance on the street below . he rub he eye . his face grow light with the dawn . fade to : black . a hazy flash of light . another . ext . underwater scuba diver hold light in murky depth . a Dozen Coast Guard diver swim in a line . they come to a massive concrete wall ; it stretch up and down , leave and right , as far as they can see . the diver move up the wall , examine , probing . ext . midtown manhattan - day from behind the large pepsi-cola billboard , we crane up to see the City across the slow-runn East River . it 's a crisp and clear winter day . the sun hit the secretariat , a bright point of light against the complex geometry of Manhattan . a helicopter zoom by . Close . we follow it down to the water . it move just off the surface toward the UN Plaza . past the ruin at the tip of Roosevelt Island . past three Coast Guard boat . over nypd skiff . over a Dozen diver as they surface . 91 . it move over the Conference Building . past nypd sweep team on the balcony and roof . pass bomb dog . pass sharp shooter . the helicopter move around the secretariat to reveal ... ext . first avenue - friday morning thousand of protestor now gather in front of the UN . media cluster in a stand - up area outside the North Gate . cop - nypd and UN - be everywhere . ext . tudor CITY roof - day the helicopter hover over the '' tudor City '' sign . beneath the sign , the nypd sharp shooter team leader ( from the advance meeting ) review a placement diagram with six of he shooter . they yell over the copter and protest below . CUT to : ext . silvia 's STREET tobin hold Edgar 's book and watch as Doug and two nypd officer walk silvia out of she building and into a wait sguad car . she stop before get into the car , look at he , then disappear into the safety of the back seat . tobin watch the car pull away . CUT to : int . hallway between ga and conference building - day eight UN cop use a velvet rope keep employee and diplomat from use the hall . int . rafter ( ga build ) two maintenance Men with flashlight be lie on they back while check area around ceiling spot light . the Assembly Hall floor ~ far beneath they - be crisscross with a grid make of yellow police tape . int . general assembly the final sweep . Press camera have already be set up and abandon . about twenty nypd and UN cop work with dog ina cluster ; they be go through the grid by section . 92 . int . greenroom ( ga build ) Chief Wu check the lock on the door up the booth . secure . two UN officer check inside book from a bookcase . two three - man fluoroscope team x- ray the wall . close on a monitor : a cloudy green image of pipe in a wall . int . delegete lobby ( ga build ) rory and technician test the metal detection equipment . a few early delegate wait outside in the cold . int . public lobby ( ga build ) UN cop herd Visitors out the door . UN cop . the Public lobby will be open again at one o'clock . cur to : int . secret service conference room - day Doug watch the helicopter hover over the secretariat a few block away . silvia sit at the table read . doug coffee ? Water ? silvia I be fine . CUT to : ext . LA guardia tarmac - day a black boeing 737 with the matobean flag on its tail sit alone in a far corner of the airport . a caravan of six nypd vehicle and three diplomatic limo wait . dot wait a the bottom of the flight stair with she four Agents . she 's hold a pair of handcuffs . edmond zuwanie ( 68 ) come down the stair , follow by six aide . for a dictator , Zuwanie look old and frail . dot ( sotto ) that 's a tyrant ? 93. Zuwanie make he way down the flight stair . as he do so , nil lud come out of the plane . dot ( to Zuwanie ) second vehicle , sir. Agents escort he into the second limo and assume position . dot wait for lud . he eye she handcuffs . as he pass , she jangle they a bit and give he the beauty pageant smile . he go to Zuwanie 's limo . a aide hand dot a case with the matobean flag on it . dot this he blood reserve ? the aide nod . dot walk to the caravan . dot ( into she sleeve mic ) leopard on the move . CUT to : int . delegete ' lobby - day rory scrutinize delegate now come through the detector as tobin look out the glass door at a sea of protestor - they yell be a muffle roar . tobin turn back to the lobby . binocular Pov on tobin as he say into he sleeve mic ... tobin Doug , be silvia secure ? CUT to : int . secret service conference room - day Doug now have binocular on the action a few block over and silvia absentmindedly spin a globe in the corner . doug ( into he sleeve mic secure . close on the world spin , silvia 's suddenly hand stop it . she turn to Africa . she knit she brow . 94 . she mutter to herself ... silvia it come from matobo . doug pardon ? silvia the sculpture ... ask . tobin if they check in the African sculpture ? CUT to : int . public lobby ( ga build ) - day the lobby be abandon . the African sculpture sit eerily in the quiet . the wall clock read : 10:20 . tobin go to the massive art work , touch it . knock . hard . a metallic din echoe through the abandon lobby . CUT to : int . general assembly - day delegate be start to arrive . a maintenance man run with a thick coil of rope up a back aisle . he go out the back door onto the balcony of the ... int . public lobby ( ga build ) tobin , rory and Mohammad look from the balcony down on the sculpture . lemann have climb up a ladder from the lobby floor - it 's hold by two UN cop - and lay on top of the sculpture so he can look into the five - foot top hole with a flashlight . lemann 's Pov : the sculpture be empty iron mold . his beam of light show a knapsack at the bottom . he turn and yell up to tobin ... lemann could be a bomb . the tile would work as shrapnel , so if the lobby be full he have get a decent kill rate . but not today . unless it 's mean for we . 95 . tobin consider for a moment , make a decision . he point to the rope the maintenance man hold . tobin tie it off . he jog for a ramp that lead from the balcony down to the lobby floor , remove he jacket as he go . rory call after he ... rory we can always lower a camera ! tobin point to a huge clock on the wall . it 's 10:31 . tobin not before he get here ! tobin run onto the lobby floor and over to the sculpture as the lemann climb down . tobin take he flashlight and climb the ladder . he reach the top as the rope be drop inside from above . mohammad you sure you want to do this ?! tobin nope ! tobin crawl to the sculpture 's edge and sit inside the rim . he put the light in he belt , grab the rope , disappear . int . african sculpture ( ga build ) tobin lower himself down the rope . as he approach the knapsack , he put he foot against the side of the sculpture and hang by one hand , use the other to hold the light . he see what he could not from above . a long length of thick dark cord and black metal hook lie beneath it . the knapsack have no visible protrusion or wire . he put the light aside and warily touch it . nothing . he gently unzip a flap . CUT to : int . public lobby ( ga build ) - day rory , lemann , Mohammad and six UN cop all look up . 96 . Mohammad 's face be in a pre-explosion wince as the garbage bag tumble down from above and drop on the floor right in front of he . tobin peer down from the top of the sculpture . lemann open the bag and dump its content onto the floor ... a old sleep bag , two mostly empty juice jug , a photocopy blueprint of building 's layout , food .. package , a small foreign - language paperback . rory lift a food wrapper with a pencil . lemann scan the blueprint . lemann it 's the building . the security camera be mark . rory he be live in here ? Mohammad open a jug and make a face . UN cop yeah . I have say for a couple of day . rory he do not come in with the statue ? tobin come down the ladder hold the cord and hook . tobin somebody probably lower he from the balcony . he would need to hook this on the way down or he could not get out alone . tobin toss the cord onto the sleep bag . tobin all he have to do be climb out when the lobby be empty after the sweep . he may have use the statue to smuggle a weapon inside . look . tobin pick up the paperback . there be no illustration on the cover . the title and text be incomprehensible but the name of the author be recognizable : Douglas sukru kuman - kuman . on the back cover be a handwritten paragraph in block letter . tobin he leave we a message . 97 . close on the paragraph : the message be indecipherable but the salutation be in English : '' to Police '' tobin this be ku , right ? shrug . rory most. African language use the Roman alphabet . the question leave they in silence . tobin look to the wall clock : 10:43 . tobin ( to rory ) do we have enough to cancel the session ? rory that 's up to the ga President . tobin look up at the clock . it go to 10:44 . everyone wait . he hesitates , self-hating . the last thing he want to do be to say into he sleeve ... tobin Doug , we need silvia . CUT to : ext . tudor CITY roof - day protester yell below . helicopter hover above . the sharp shooter team leader watch through binocular . a row of he man scope the surround building . binocular Pov : Doug escort silvia over first Avenue . he say into he sleeve mic ( we hear it via earpiece ) ... doug she say to meet we by the North Gate . ext . media stand - up area ( NORTH gate ) a c-span journalist interview a american diplomat as silvia and Doug pass in the background . 98 . american diplomat the UN have often be visit by leader with whom America be in conflict : castro , Arafat ... ext . NORTH gate patio against a backdrop of protester out beyond the gate , silvia and Doug walk onto the empty patio . tobin wait for they by the reutersward sculpture of a gun with a twisted barrel . silvia clutches she purse as if she want to hide behind it . int . security tent ( NORTH gate ) - continuous weirdly empty . the metal detector be now go , though the cable for they be still present everywhere ( they be be use in the delegate 's lobby ) . tobin , silvia and Doug hurry pass five UN cop . CUT to : int . greenroom ( ga build ) tense . the ga President , Chief Wu , rory , lemann , Doug and four UN cop ( one post at each exit door ) be silent as tobin take the paperback from Wu and hand it to silvia . she examine it for a few jittery second . silvia it 's in ku . she turn to the handwritten paragraph on the back . she read it flatly , as if it be another dry UN document . silvia '' you can not understand if you have not feit a machete cut you flesh . you can not understand if you have not watch soldier throw dice for you wife . you can not understand if you have not feel a child 's warm blood flow through you finger . '' she quickly hand the book back . the man all look from silvia to the ga President . he 's struggle with the decision . dot interrupt via a cop 's radio ... dot ( 0.s. ) two minute . 99 . tobin we can not hold he . not with ali the demonstrator out there . either you cancel and we take he back to the plane or we bring he in . I need a decision . and I need it now . all eye go the ga President . he say to Chief Wu ... ga president ( be : the book ) this could be a plant . to force we into to cancel . tobin now , sir . a taut beat . ga president bring he in . CUT to : int . delegete ' lobby ( ga build ) - day empty . quiet . the door bang open . the secret service form a cross around they Zuwanie . they move he around the entry check point . Zuwanie 's aide be herde by UN Police toward the metal detector . nil lud try to follow Zuwanie but ... UN cop everybody get scan . dot lead the team work the man . they go to the escalator . dot keep it tight ! ( to Zuwanie ) we 's be take the stair , Sir . they quickly move he up the stair beside the escalator . int . hallway between ga and conference building - continuous clear , just cop . tobin wait on the landing . 100 . tobin clear ! dot 's team bring Zuwanie up . they head leave into the ... int . foyer to the general assembly - continuous clear . just a few UN officer at the end . the detail escort Zuwanie past door onto the ga and into the ... int . greenroom ( ga build ) - continuous the five secret service Agents burst into the room . tobin enter last . the door slam behind he . cop on foyer door secure ! cop on stage -left door secure ! cop on stage~right door secure ! cop on door to booths secure ! dot say into she sleeve mic . dot leopard be secure . the ga President and the Assembly organizer approach Zuwanie . ga president welcome to the United Nations , President Zuwanie . we apology for bring you in this way but we have a security problem ... as the conversation continue , tobin step over to Chief wu. tobin ( angry ) we should have clear the building and re-secure . , chief wu it 's not we call . maybe it be a prank . tobin he 's out there . believe I . 101 . chief wu we be re-check the delegate . there 's a knock on the foyer door . the UN cop look through a peep hole , tell Chief Wu ... cop on foyer door . nil lud . Chief Wu nod . the door open for lud . the mercenary limp to where Zuwanie be read the ku message for himself . he look to no one as he go to he boss . tobin step over to silvia . she 's watch the dictator with repulse fascination . they whisper ... tobin you okay ? silvia he look so frail . tobin keep you distance from lud . dot join they . dot this be seventeen kind of nut . the ga President announce to the room ... ga president President Zuwanie would like to go ahead with he speech . dot ( a sing - seng voice ) mistake . the ga President gesture Zuwanie and lud to the Secretary General 's Lounge . Chief Wu check he watch ... chief wu we take he out in ten . furious , tobin exit . CUT to : 102 . int . general assembly hall ~ day the big day . the delegate and Press be all in they place . some wear national dress . everyone talk . UN cop in suit be in the aisle check badge of various African delegation . a wall of UN cop stand in front of the rostrum . tobin come to -where mohammad.stands.on. the rostrum . he scan the Assembly Hall ... tobin 's Pov : normal activity seem somehow threaten . a Zimbabwean laugh too quickly . a Saudi speak urgently into he cell phone . a costa rican seem to hide behind a paper . a photographer adjust he tripod , it look for a second like a zip gun . up in the booth , face . everywhere . he see audrey and silvia 's colleague . close on tobin . his eye dart ; he 's start to panic . CUT to : int . greenroom ( ga build ) tobin enter and pace in front of dot . she try to calm he ... dot maybe someone be just try to scare he off . tobin yeah , well , what be they go to do when they realize it do not work ? anyone who go to the trouble of write we in ku ... he 's interrupt by a troubling think . a beat . tobin where 's silvia ? dot in the lounge with Zuwanie . in case he need a translator . close on tobin . something blatant obvious occur to he . this be different than the epiphany we have see he have , scary . 103 . tobin when she be get call , lud be in we office , right ? yesterday ? bor yeah . tobin whoever he 's get out there would have . already be in the sculpture . dot and ? int . secretary general' lounge ( ga build ) a small room with two high - back chair face forward . Zawanie and lud sit in the chair . Doug lean against a wall by the door . silvia stand in the far corner behind Zuwanie . she 's stare at he and start to sweat . her purse hang low off she right shoulder . close on the purse as she reach she leave hand into it . int . greenroom ( ga build ) close on tobin . piece fall into place . he 's chase the trail , wonder out loud ... tobin how could she call herself from she own apartment ? flash frame : int . silvia 's apartment - thursday morning silvia hold she apartment phone to she ear . female recording call forward be now on . she disconnect . and dial a number from memory . male recording thank you for call the automated wake - up service . please enter you telephone number . silvia begin punch in she own number . flash frame : 104 . tobin I 'il check on she . tobin start walk to the Lounge . thinks ... flash frame : int . silvia 's live room - thursday morning silvia survey the room . immaculate . suddenly , she reach for a curtain and pull hard . flash frame : tobin be fight the urge to run . thinks ... flash frame : int . public lobby ( ga build ) - thursday night wind , silvia balance she knapsack on the banister and look down on dark and abandon lobby below . she simply toss the cord and knapsack off the balcony and into the hole in the top of the sculpture . flash frame : tobin as approach the Lounge . thinks ... flash frame : int . security tent ( ga build ) - friday morning tobin lead Doug and silvia through the tent , now free of UN cop and metal detector , close for police use only . close on she silvia 's purse ; she clutches it tight . flash frame : tobin 's hand turn the doorknob . int . secretary general 's lounge ( ga build ) the door open . calm . Zuwanie rest . lud look into he case . silvia stand behind the President and look up at tobin with a odd mixture of vulnerability , fear , determination . 105 . tobin survey the situation , say to Doug ... tobin I get it . Doug exit . silvia watch tobin reach into he jacket . she 's breathe heavily now , move closer to Zuwanie . tobin step into the center of the room . she raise the gun out the purse . she want he to see it . tobin stop . he look at the gun , the one he give she . see it almost seem a relief . the other two do not notice the exchange . tobin hold silvia 's eye a moment , then he do what for a secret service agent be unthinkable . nothing . he simply ask Zuwanie ... tobin how be you feel ? Zuwanie nod . tobin move back to the door and lean against it . silvia lower the point gun back into she purse . a long , tense beat . tobin 's look for a way out . he choose word . tobin ( to Zuwanie ) I have be read a book by one of you writer . he write about this ku ritual . the drown man Trial . silvia cut she eye to he . Zuwanie nod indifferently . Edgar 's book be the last thing he want to discuss . tobin ever hear of it , lud ? nils lud no. tobin it 's interesting . when someone be murder , a year of mourn end with a drown man Trial . there 's a all - night party beside a river . ( more ) 106 . tobin ( cont would ) at dawn , the killer be bring in , give a chance to express remorse , put in a boat , take out in the water and drop . he 's bound so he can not swim . the family of the dead then have to make a choice . they can let he drow or they can swim out and save he . silvia listen as if to a voice from the past . even know tobin 's 's game ,.she.can’t.stop story 's impact . tobin the ku believe that if the family let the killer drow they 's 1ll have justice , but they 's 1ll spend the rest of they life in mourn . but , if they save he , that very act will take away they sorrow . tobin 's eye meet silvia 's . tobin the ku have this say , '' Vengeance be a lazy form of grief '' . he hold she eye until she realize lud have notice . she wipe she face with she leave hand . a long beat . tobin do another surprising thing : he open the door . tobin we go out in two minute . he look back at she a moment and he leave the room . silvia can not believe it . she try to focus on Zuwanie . the old man rest he head back and cough . lud watch she . int . greenroom ( ga build ) tobin go to the center of the room and turn to the Lounge door . Doug start to enter but tobin shake he off . he watch the door , wait , wait . int . secretary general 's lounge ( ga build ) lud look from the second hand on the wall clock to silvia . 107 . her gun be still aim inside she purse . she force herself to step closer to Zuwanie . his head still rest against the chair . her breathe accelerate . she 's fight ambivalence . finally , she raise the purse slightly . one second . two . Three . four. lud do not breathe . five . six. Seven . she close her eye . Seven . eight. nine . she open she eye . silvia Broome be no killer . silvia Excuse I . silvia walk to the door behind the chair . lud stand as she move . as she pass beside he , he grab she wrist . she resist , but he 's easily able to lift she gun hand out she purse . he take the weapon away . Zuwanie watch in horror . lud hold she wrist tight , force she against the wall . he look at she with absolute neutrality . he say to Zuwanie without turn ... nils lud get the other . Zuwanie stand . lud turn and fire two shot at the President 's chest . the small room reverberate with the explosion . silvia recoil into the wall . lud bring she hand up beside the pistol and fire a shot into she temple . her head jerk , kneel buckle . she go limp . lud still hold she wrist . tobin throw the door OPEN . lud 's face tell we he 's realize there 's no blood anywhere . dot , Wu , the other Agents , all appear in the door . lud let silvia 's wrist go and hold the gun out on a finger ... 108 . nils lud she shot he . then herself . I could not get to she in time . tobin take the gun and kneel to silvia . she raise herself from the floor . she 's very much alive . she put she hand in she hair and look at it . there 's blood on she finger tip . tobin from the paper plug in the blank . I give you a training pistol . it take she a second to comprehend . nils lud she make a attempt none- the-less . zuwanie ( 0.s. ) he 's lie . lud turn to see Zuwanie stand . it 's the first time we have hear the old man speak . he 's shell - shocked and mad as hell . CUT to : black . a british male voice I shall now read the draft resolution contain in document sc - 1602-2003 . int . security council ( conference build ) - day the session be pack . Visitors line the wall . face appear in all the booth window . a british male voice the Security Council ... the council president ( 62 ) - the british ambassador - read the one - page document . council president reaffirming that all nation be bound to comply with international humanitarian law . 109 . int . delegate 's lobby ( ga build ) silvia and tobin follow to UN cop through the lobby . she be in handcuffs . council president ( 0.s. } and in particular the geneva convention of 12 August 1949 . tobin ( sotto ) do you have a lawyer ? she nod . her mind be elsewhere . she stop at the glass door and look over the empty lobby and up the stair . Zuwanie 's speech echoe through the room , he be indeed lay cut a program democratic reform . silvia ( a simple fact ) he 'il stay in power . tobin shrug . she take a moment , they go out onto ... ext . UN plaza tobin and silvia and the UN cop come out onto the pavement . the protestor assume ( rightly ) that she 's one of they own , arrest for try to disrupt the speech . first Avenue erupt in cheer . the UN cop hand silvia over to four nypd cop . she lower she head and move with they to a squad car . tobin follow . she stop before let herself be put in the backseat . she have to yell over the din ... silvia how do you know Edgar be dead ?! he grimace and shake he head : he can not tell she . she 's put in the car . as the nypd cop fix she seat belt , she call out to he ... silvia laqueur ! tobin what ?! 110 . silvia the french ambassador ! his name be laqueur ! the door close . the squad car pull away . tobin watch it . council president ( 0.s. ) insisting all person who order grave breach of the Convention be hold . individually responsible . he watch until the squad car pull out of the UN gate and become envelop in the sea of protestor . int . security council ( conference build ) ambassador from Austria , Lebanon and Japan hold they copy of the resolution . british ambassador expressing grave alarm at the continue violation occur within the territory of matobo . int . NORTH delegete lounge the famous Lounge be three storey tall with wall of glass . the queensboro Bridge can be see beyond its balcony . it 's empty except for three scattered diplomatic group , the Americans , mexican and chinese . we follow a fastidious man into the Lounge . british ambassador ( 0.s. ) the Security Council , act under chapter Seven of the Charter of United Nations . he go to where the american ambassador and she aide sit in a cluster of knoll chair . fastidious man excusé moi . he hand the yuppie advisor a folder with french flag on it and move off . the yuppie advisor go white with sicken familiarity as he look in the folder . american ambassador ( gesture for it ) do not be so dramatic , Brian . 111 . he give she the folder , she open it . close on the folder 's content : a color copy of the picture of Edgar 's body . british ambassador ( 0.s. ) 1 . decide to refer edmond Zuwanie to the International criminal Court for immediate prosecution . the Americans watch the fastidious man deliver a folder to the chinese ; he then move toward the mexican . american ambassador get the White House . int . security council ( conference build ) the american ambassador study the document . her aide sit straight behind she . british ambassador ( 0.s. ) 2 . decide that all state shall comply with request for assistance issue by the prosecutor . int . 737 cockpit dot. sit in the pilot 's seat talk on she cell phone . the tarmac at La guardia be full nypd and usss car . dot call I after the vote . we hear someone bang on the cockpit door . dot he 's not go anywhere . int . observation area onto UN interrogation room through glass , Mohammad and leman watch lud be interrogate by Chief Wu and host of official int . english interpreter booth ( security council ) tobin and Doug look down on the proceedings . the interpreter with they do not work as the british ambassador be speak . council president 3 . request the Secretary General begin immediate action to empower this end . 112. Doug whisper to tobin ... doug I say he 's go down . tobin maybe . maybe not . close on tobin . tobin either way , it 's not my problem . int . security council ( conference build ) the Council President finish read the draft resolution . council president 4 . decide to remain actively seize of this matter . he set the document aside . we hear the paper rustle in the tense stillness of the Hall . the british ambassador lower he glass . wide on the Council . council president I shall now put to a vote the draft resolution contain in document sc ~ 1602-2003 . and right before they vote , we ... fade to : black . credit . end .