the burrower by jt petty July 11 , 2005 Blue Star picture 3000 West Olympic boulevard Building 4 , suite 2204 Santa monica , CA 90404 ( 310 ) 255-7047 maryanne ( v.o. ) hold still . int . stewart house - night maryanne stewart be twenty - two , she have a plain beauty to she , freckle , hair gather in a bun . her face be underlit by the candle she use to heat a needle . she 's hold the hand of she little brother , age 6 , about to remove a splinter from he finger . she blow on the needle to cool it . maryanne a splinter already hurt more than pull it out . Little brother try to be brave , but he 's nervous . pin to she dress at maryanne 's throat be a silver brooch , a intricate celtic pattern interwoven with a yellow ribbon . in the small , rough-hewn cabin behind she , we see maryanne 's heavy - set big brother ( 27 ) , little sister ( 10 ) , and mother ( 5us . ) they be settling for the night , clean the dinner dish , get the kid into they nightshirt , etc . younger sister I be not sleepy . mother we will story you to bed . ( to maryanne - ) you need to take you rest , too , Mary . f’you wanna look pretty when you dutchman come courtin’ tomorrow . maryanne you hush . maryanne smile , lower the needle towards she brother 's finger ... big brother he tell daddy he be save wage for he own settlement . Little brother squirm , watch the needle approach . maryanne I only just meet he . he be not ... the pin-point approach young skin ... crack , crack , crack , rapid rifle fire sound from outside . the whole family 's attention snap towards the sound . they freeze for a moment , spook like animal . Big brother move first , crack the shutter on a window . in silvery moonlight , we catch a glimpse of wave prairie grass , muzzle -flash with the crack of rifle fire . there 's a figure , run , fast approach the house . maryanne stick the needle in the candle and put a protective arm around Little brother . Little sister nuzzle into she mother 's arm , frighten . little sister Mom ...? bam , everybody jump when he hit the door , yanking it open a moment later to reveal maryanne 's heavy father ( 5us . ) he 's breathless , terrify , a rifle in he hand . crack , crack , distant rifle - fire continue from the cabin behind he . mother what 's happen ? father ( breathless ) they be in the Williams 's house . big brother Indians ? Big brother grab a rifle off the wall , step towards he father , who put a hand on he shoulder . father stay with the woman . down , into the root cellar . get . ext . washburne crick settlement - night the settlement be two small clapboard home alone in a ocean of grass stir by heavy wind . from the Stewart House , we see maryanne and she family hurry out of the back door and down into a cellar . int . stewart house cellar - night her father usher maryanne down the stair , where she mother and sister wait with a lantern . her brother follow after , a rifle in hand . Father lift the door above - father keep you lamp low and this door lock . you do not open it no matter what . you hear ? brother nod as he shut the door . younger sister dad ! brother quiet . younger sister ( panicking ) Mom , mom ... mother you mind you brother . hush . Big brother latch the storm door shut and back into the middle of the cellar . he take the lamp from he mother and turn the flame down low . we hear muffle shout above , movement . the little child in they white nightshirt be cry , hold onto they mother . the adult all look up at the underside of the floorboard , eye glassy with fear . maryanne shake she head at she Little brother 's tear and wipe at he cheek . in a whisper , barely more than silence - maryanne do not cry . be brave for I . she hold he gaze until he take a breath , and nod . the cellar around they be cluttere , fill with burlap sack of grain , half - mend farm tool . lamplight throw weaving shadow on the wall around they . crack , crack , more rifle shot , and then a man 's scream . maryanne put a hand to she mouth . brother tighten he fist on the rifle . mother hold the two cry child . relative silence above . the family stand freeze , try not to breathe . Little brother sniff and all head snap towards the sound . mother put a gentle hand over he mouth , plead with she eye for quiet . something drag over the floorboard above . the family look upwards , terrify . sccccrrrrt , the drag sound like a carpet knife over the rough board . boom , a muffle shotgun blast . then boom , another . the family all look upwards , from the drag sound to - boom , a third blast , and a fourth . all of the adult fail to notice what both of the cry child see - a silhouett figure in the shadow behind Big brother , low to the ground , move in . Little brother and sister draw tiny breath , eye fix on the figure , almost too terrify to speak . younger sister ( whispering ) «..mom . her mother shush she . the dragging above have stop . subtly , a dinner plate-size circle of dirt by Little brother begin to move . he feel it through he sock foot and look . eight inch of soil shake like simmer water . Little brother look at he mom , who stare upwards at the floorboard . he look back down . dirt move outward from the center of the circle . something pale begin to surface , like a boil worm , or the finger of a drown child ... maryanne , Big brother , and mother all stare upwards ... Little brother look down at the dirt and inhale to scream . Little sister look away from the figure slinking towards Big brother and close she eye , cry , terrify . a agonizing moment before - Big brother scream and the lantern drop . maryanne spin . the lantern hit the ground at she brother 's foot and shatter , the momentary flash of firelight revealing he claw at the dirt floor as he 's pull violently back into the shadow ... the light extinguish , leave pitch darkness . Little sister scream . we hear yelling . scream . violence . then sudden quiet . there be inhuman rattle and purr , the sound of body drag over the ground . soil shift . silence . black on screen . title the dakota Territories August 15th , 1879 dripping . fly buzz . a vertical line of light grow into the rectangle of a open door , silhouett a figure in a derby and duster against the lush , slowly wave grass of the dakota plain . int . the william house - day the figure move into the absolute black of the house , stark contrast against the big sky glare of the badland . he pull the derby from he head . hundred of speck of darkness , fly , rise in a cloud and swarm the light rectangle of the doorway . the man , little more than a dark shape in the sliver of light , be dutch , a heavily - accented belgian immigrant two year off the boat . dutch be sharp , capable but out of place , a little anxious in the West . dutch ( accented ) -.. be anybody home ? Mr. Williams ? the stewart be ... the pupil in the illuminate crescent of dutch 's face widen , adjust to the dark , then narrow . dutch Jesus god . dutch back away , he boot slide through a rich , crimson puddle , never take he eye off the thing before he . at the door he put he hand against the jamb , steadying himself . there 's something small and smooth under he palm . he take he hand away and look . a tooth , a molar , lodge in the wood as if fire there . dutch stumble out and ... ext . washburne crick settlement - day -..onto the porch , nauseate , he blood -stain boot lose purchase on the friction - smoothe board . he flail and fall into JOHN clay . the enormous man catch dutch . clay be a mountain , early 40' , easily 6 foot and 250 lbs. of John Wayne . all - business all the time , he 's a commanding presence , strong , a obvious leader . he 's hold a black - and - white photograph in a break frame in one of he enormous hand . clay basement 's empty . the stewart be go . maryanne say anything to you about leave ? dutch shake he head , no . clay press the Stewart family portrait into dutch 's hand and push he off the porch . clay what about the Williams ? dutch shake he head and point into the dark doorway before they . clay turn and step into the Williams ' House , vanish into the darkness . we see the settlement in daylight , the two clapboard home bleach gray from hard weather . the surround grass sway . we get a better look at dutch : late 20 's , lean , angular . his body language read somewhere between ichabod crane and sherlock , contain nervous energy and remarkably sharp eye . dutch look at the photograph clay give he . the stewart be a large family , pose before they home on the washburne crick . the child 's image be blurred , they move during the exposure . dutch scan the face , focus in on maryanne . he touch she image , smear blood on the picture by mistake . he grimace and wipe it clean with he sleeve . the two horse tie to the fence behind dutch lift they foot and roll they eye , nervous . clay emerge from the door , carry dutch 's derby as if it be a pair of discard panty . dutch take the hat ; there 's a crimson stain on the crown . clay walk to he horse and lean he hand on the saddle , stare out at the slowly wave grass . clay Indians . God help they . dutch we have to get they back . clay nod , just barely . ext . the spack house - day dobie spack walk through the grass , look down , lose in rumination . he pinch at he upper lip , try to tweeze between he thumb and finger the fine down grow there . dobie will soon be 16 . he carry a pitcher of milk . behind he , the spack House sit large , whitewash , and victorian , like some Edward Hopper sentinel . ahead , william parcher follow dobie 's mother towards a thick , twisted box elder tree grow on a rise in the land . parcher be a mischievous - look rancher in he 50' , a moustache , glorious sideburn . parcher carry a picnic basket . he hang back and whisper conspiratorially to dobie - parcher I hemped three man on yonder tree . dobie really ? parcher Indians , anyway . hange them dead . parcher wink at dobie , show off . the boy smile , he 's impressed . gertrude do not feed my boy you horse -shit , Mr. parcher . gertrude spack , carry a quilt , look back at they . she 's in she early 50' , attractive , rich . parcher that be not horse -shit , that 's history . Boy ought to learn where we come from . they arrive under the tree and gertrude spread the quilt . gertrude mind the cursing in front of my boy . they sit and parcher begin to take food from the basket . dobie look up at the sun through the gnarled branch of the elder . we hear the creak of twist rope . parcher great god amighty , be that coconut ? parcher pull a cake from the picnic basket . dobie Mom get it special . gertrude I baked it . the coconut come from back East . parcher look at the cake , then at gertrude . parcher ten year back , not a mile from here , I have to eat horse to survive . dobie be impressed . gertrude that 's disgusting . parcher it be not my horse . Point be , we be here now eat coconut cake . right civilized country . parcher cut himself a slice that encompass nearly a quarter of the cake . gertrude we have chicken and cornbread . parcher I know it . I will attend to that cornbread directly . parcher take a enormous bite of cake , smear he moustache with icing . dobie there 's a rider . dobie point . parcher get to he foot and squint . a man on a horse gallop towards they , half a mile away . parcher listen , cowboy , how ' bout take you mother in the house . dobie he 's get a funny hat . I think it 's you ranch -hand , Mr. dutch . parcher anybody can wear a funny hat and that be not Sunday riding . take you mother inside . gertrude let 's go , dobie . parcher snap the cover guard off of he revolver . dobie turn and look . parcher see the boy eyeing the gun and grin a little bit . parcher go on . dobie and gertrude hurry toward the house . parcher , icing smear on he moustache , squint into the distance . ext . dakota badland - day we reveal the rider : dutch . he drive he horse through the knee-high grass towards parcher , a half - mile distant . ext . the spack house - day dutch rear he froth horse to a halt in the shade of the box elder and dismount a few foot from parcher . dobie and gertrude be speck in the grass halfway back to the House . parcher dutch , god damnit , I be have a picnic . dutch ( breathless ) Indians . they kill ... here . dutch fish a many - fold square of paper from he pocket and hand it to parcher . scrawle in grease pencil - '' indian massacre at washburner crick . william family dead . stewart family kidnapped , 6 missing . fetching henry V. - clay " dutch it 's from Mr. clay . they take maryanne ... she whole family ... 10 . parcher I can read . Jesus . Indians kill they little Williams girl , too ? dutch yes ... no . Mr. Williams do . and then , what be the word ... dutch pantomime shoot himself in the mouth . parcher suicide . dutch point at parcher , exactly . int . gertrude's parlor - day dutch thirstily drain a glass of water , jam he derby back onto he head . the parlor be sparse , victorian , dusty . parcher ... if we be deal with crow or ute , dobie could see thing a boy should not have to . parcher perches on a stool , pull on he boot . gertrude watch dobie tie provision onto two horse outside . gertrude I have make up my mind , will . parcher you have already lose a man to the Indians , I do not want to take another . gertrude I do not have a man in this house , I have get a boy . you take he to washburne crick and bring he back and maybe I will have two . parcher 's pleased with this . gertrude turn to dutch . gertrude would you like more water ? dutch shake he head . dutch we have to go . 11 . dobie enter from the front porch , dress in brand - new riding clothes . he 's Christmas - morning excited . dobie the horse be ready . parcher then let 's get to it . gertrude take dobie 's head , kiss he forehead . gertrude be good . Mr. parcher 's live through everything this country could throw at he . you stay close and mind he , and you will be fine . ( then , to parcher - ) and you , too . she kiss he lightly on the cheek . parcher mug pleased shock before lean to kiss she back . she shove he off . gertrude when you get back . parcher yes , mar 'am . parcher and dobie eye each other significantly , both happy and uncomfortable . dutch put down he empty water glass . ext . washburne crick - day dutch stand in the open doorway of the empty Stewart house , look in . the Williams house be open behind he , no sign of parcher or dobie . dutch walk around the house and notice a shadow on the edge of the settlement , past the barn , a dark circle in the grass . he walk over to it . a circular depression about four foot across , the grass push aside and collapse , the earth beneath it churn . hundred of ant crawl around in the soil . dutch crouch and press he finger into the circle . they sink easily into the dirt . int . the william house - day in the dimme light , parcher and dobie cover they mouth with dust cloth . out of focus , deep crimson stain the wall and ceiling behind they . parcher crouch over mrs . william ' dead body - 12 . a matronly corpse , shotgun . the neck and chest be roughly buckshot-torn , she arm nearly separate . there 's very little blood , just the raspberry chew of the wound . parcher she should have ble out more . same with the girl . dobie ida and daphne ... I think that where they name . dobie can not help but glance through the doorway into the girl ' bedroom where lie - the two dead william girl . small nightshirt-clad body twisted in sheet tear and singe by buckshot . remarkably little blood . child flesh chew like ground chuck . dobie be close to retching . this be far from the first corpse parcher 's see . any concern he show be for dobie , almost like a kind uncle . parcher you want to wait outside ? dobie no. parcher good . I wonder ... parcher look at a gash in Mrs. Williams ' neck , a good eight inch above any shotgun damage . it 's about a inch across and six inch long . it sink over half a inch into she neck , but do not appear to have ble . parcher what kind of weapon make a wound like that ? a chisel ? some kind of wood plane ? as he talk , dobie turn and look at the source of all that crimson behind they . mr . william ' headless corpse on the rough floorboard by the fireplace , the shotgun he use to decapitate himself lie between he curl hand . and blood . unlike he wife and girl , there be no shortage of the stuff inside dad . it mark the wall and ceiling behind he , Jackson - pollock style . dobie stare at the twin barrel of the bloody shotgun . 13 . dobie that gun only fire twice . ( parcher wait for he ) ...- he would have have to reload . to kill everybody . parcher ... if it be appaches or crow , any Christian woman would prefer die to capture . if Mr. Williams have time to reload , it 's because he wife give it to he . dobie look at the ground . parcher if it come to that , I hope you would be strong enough to take care of you mother . dobie stare into the bedroom , at the little girl 's corpse . dobie alright . parcher we pity belong to the Stewart family , they be still alive and captive ... dutch ( 0.s. , interrupting ) Mr. parcher ! Mr. clay 's come ! ext . washburne crick , yard - day dutch stare to the horizon . two dozen rider approach . parcher and dobie emerge from the Williams house . parcher uncork some whisky and squint at the approach rider . parcher he find Henry Victor ? dutch yeah , and near thirty bluecoat . parcher mighty Christ . that cock - sure little shit 's bring the whole fort . dutch see dobie , he eye red-rimme and glassy . dutch touch the boy 's shoulder . 14 . dutch you alright ? parcher get off the boy , he 's fine . dutch withdraw he hand . parcher drink some whisky . dutch I find something . ext . washburne crick , behind the barn - day parcher , crouching before the circle , sink he hand into the soften earth up to he wrist . dutch and dobie hover behind he . the two dozen rider approach in the distance . parcher I s'pose ... a wallowing buffalo coulda do this . he smell the dirt on he finger . clay , at the head of the dozen rider , reign he horse to a stop a few yard behind parcher . henry victor stop he own horse beside he . he 's 40 year old , a thin , tall dandy with a doughboy face and sharp , arrogant eye ; the spoiled child of a Texan war hero . he wear military blue and Lieutenant 's stripe . henry victor look like you find yourself a hole in the ground , will . there 's a old rivalry between they . parcher stand to face the mount man as a half dozen of h.v. 's bluecoat arrive behind they . parcher grin at the insult , brush the ant from he hand . parcher that and four corpse . and six miss . most of that be woman and child . dutch I will get the horse . dutch start back towards the yard , h.v. stop he . 15 . henry victor hold up now . this be my command , I gotta know who we be hunt . how long have the Indians have they ? clay look annoyed at h.v. 's obvious , arrogant pleasure at exercise authority . the bluecoat behind he be soldier , between the age of 15 and 30 . other bluecoat ride into the settlement below . parcher near a day now . henry victor that 's more than long enough for that woman to have be ... dobie look at parcher , long enough for what ? dutch look sick with h.v. 's implication . dutch we should go . the longer we wait - henry victor you want to go face a indian war party on you lonesome ? dutch clenches he fist , look to clay for support . clay shake he head , no . henry victor you go off alone , that blanket head will peel you like a orange . parcher maryanne be lukewarm on you with you skin on , dutch . follow along , we will do this thing right . henry victor ( to parcher ) you think it 's the sioux ? parcher I would incline to guess Apache or commanche . get a family suicide , lead I believe the tribe would have a right smart reputation for torture . henry victor the sioux understand torture . 16 . his intonation almost sound like a cruel , inappropriate joke . at any rate , a few of the bluecoat snicker . ext . washburne crick , yard - day dutch , parcher , and clay stride quickly across the yard , lead h.v. towards the Williams house . dutch eye the approach open door warily , a little sick . it 's so quiet that we can just hear the fly inside . they pass a young black man lean against the Williams ' house porch railing , " walnut " callaghan , ( late 20' . ) callaghan wear a wear bluecoat jacket , but the rest of he clothes be catch - as-catch -can . dutch slow , he 's not happy to be walk back into a slaughterhouse . parcher , clay , and h.v. pass the bluecoat lieutenant stand watch at the door and enter the Williams ' house . dutch linger on the porch . h.v. look back at he . henry victor you occidental be not come in ? dutch shake he head , close to puke . h.v. smirk and let the door shut . dutch walk back out into the dirt patch and put he hand on he knee . the nausea pass and he spit , look out at the horizon . callaghan sit nearby . callaghan you alright , man ? dutch ( shaking he head ) we should be go after they . callaghan do you know this people ? dutch I do . I know the stewart . dutch remove the roll - up photo of the stewart from he vest and hand it to callaghan . he point at maryanne . dutch that 's maryanne . callaghan she yours ? 17 . dutch shake he head , no . dutch I be work on it . ext . washburne crick , landscape - day we see the small cluster of home overrun with bluecoat , surround by a ocean of grass . we move through the grass , as if follow something stalking the settlement ... ext . washburne crick , the william house - day dobie have join dutch and callaghan by the porch . dutch finish roll a cigarette and hand it to the boy . h.v. slam the door of the Williams House open , startling dutch to he foot . fuming , h.v. stalk across the porch , say to the nearest bluecoat - henry victor send a scout to Fort lincoln . tell they to wagon up the gatlin and meet we at the reservation . dutch be we go ? clay ( 0.s. ) not yet . clay and parcher emerge from the house . clay not till we put the Williams below ground . I christen that little girl , and I intend to give they a Christian burial . dobie but the stewart be ... parcher we go off on horse that be not be rest , we will not make it ten mile . we get time for a burial . dutch clenches he fist , know parcher 's right . dobie 's edging towards he horse and dutch stop he . dutch let 's get the grain . 18 . dutch turn to attend to the horse . as dobie start to follow , parcher take the cigarette from he and smoke it . parcher no reason to route the heathen if we be go to act like he . ext . washburne crick , grave -— day two dozen bluecoat , parcher , dutch , dobie , callaghan , and h.v. before four open grave . clay , at the head - clay God test we , and when he take the innocent , show we we have fail . Jesus on the mount say that the meek would inherit the earth , and there they be , down init . I believe that be as much a commandment as a beatitude . throughout the sermon , dutch seem distract , anxious to get on the trail . he look out at the plain . clay on that same mount , Jesus say , " bless be the peacemaker , for they shall be call the child of God . " we need to be that child . we get to work to make the earth a fit place for the meek . May God give the Williams family peace and paradise where we could not . and give we the wisdom and perseverance to carry on until we have finish his work . amen . all amen . clay look at the crowd for a moment . dutch put on he hat , ready to leave . the bluecoat move to disperse . clay launch into a hymn , " alas , and do my savior bleed - " dutch take he hat back off , the bluecoat get back in line . clay ( singing ) alas , and do my savior bleed , and do my sovereign die . would he devote that sacred head , for such a worm as I ? 19 . the other join in . h.v. sing reverently . dobie sing with he eye close . bluecoat do the best they can . dutch hum along . he notice a indian stand among h.v. 's bluecoat . this be ten bear , crow tribe , dress in a scout 's mixture of indian and bluecoat garb . he sing along perfectly . dutch gawk . ten bear feel dutch 's eye and meet he gaze . ext . plain - afternoon hundred of hoof thunder over the plain . we still hear the hymn be sung . rider be scattered over a acre . clay , parcher , and dobie ride group together . the bluecoat ride in rough formation . dutch be drive the mess wagon . h.v. ride at the head with ten bear . group ( singing ) thy body slain , sweet Jesus , thine , and bath in its own blood . while the firm mark of wraith divine , his soul , in anguish stand ... as the post - lap hymn end - clay damnation . we be not go to find kidnap white on a reservation . parcher I know it . clay I be not set to waste my time while they be scalping the man and raping we woman . parcher we be about a day 's ride shy of the hunkpapa trail to Canada . s'where I would be head if I be a band of fugitive Indians . clay nod , think . dobie listen attentively . clay we could set off alone . parcher I be chew the same cud , but there would only be four of we . 20 . clay we have to find the stewart . if we can do that with Henry Victor 's help , fine . if not , fine . parcher -.- I guess you have have every chance to and be not kill we yet . though what we would do if - jump scare - parcher suddenly lurch forward , he horse scream and stumble , nearly throw he . clay 's reign in he own horse and grab the lead of parcher 's , steadying the animal as parcher jump clear . dobie Mr. parcher ! what ... parcher gather he wit . parcher s'alright , dobie . must of step in a prairie dog hole . parcher put a calming hand on he horse 's muzzle . parcher ( to the horse ) there you go . s’alright ... clay how 's that leg ? parcher crouch and examine the fetlock . parcher a little blood , but she 's stand alright . ( to dobie ) hey , cowboy , hump on ahead , see how much further we be gonna press before camp . dobie yessir . parcher stand as dobie spur he horse forward . once he 's out of earshot - clay why do you spend so much time rub that boy 's belly ? he already think you be Jesus crocket . 21 . parcher I be courtin ' he mother . parcher climb up onto he horse . clay that 's gertrude spack ' boy ? parcher yeah . clay skinny woman . parcher look at he . a beat . clay ( bone dry ) might as well just poke the boy . a beat . the first joke clay 's make in month . parcher laugh . clay let himself smile , they spur they horse forward . we tilt down to what neither man see , the '' prairie dog hole '' that parcher 's horse step in . beneath the grass , the hole be blood -color , fill with dim gore and shard of break rib - bone ... across the group dutch , drive the mess wagon , nod to callaghan as he pass . the young black man veer he horse closer . dutch who be Henry Victor 's indian ? callaghan look towards the head of the group , where ten bear gesture and talk low to h.v . callaghan ten bear . he 's a crow indian . and the man 's pay for he work and free to leave . dutch yes ? callaghan so he do not belong to Henry Victor . black bluecoat ( o.s. ) Walnut ! 22 . callaghan look over . a black bluecoat , several year callaghan 's junior , black bluecoat Mr. Victor 's canteen 's dry . callaghan nod . the Black bluecoat veer off . dutch he call you Walnut . callaghan yeah he do . dutch why ? callaghan thinks he 's better and I ' cause nobody ever own he . I be not enlist . I cook for Fort lincoln but I be pay and I can leave any time . understand ? dutch sure. ( uncomfortable beat . ) ..- how be you call ? callaghan my name 's callaghan . dutch callaghan . I be Martin Van leijderova . callaghan shit , man , I can not say that . dutch reach out he hand . callaghan shake it , laugh . dutch I be also call dutch . callaghan good to meet you . at the front of the group dobie ride past bluecoat and forward to where h.v. take a pair of binocular from ten bear . 23 . h.v. point out something straight ahead to two bluecoat lieutenant . the lieutenant nod and head back to they squad . ten bear hand h.v. a rifle . h.v. see dobie - henry victor take a look yonder . dobie squint into the distance . a shape in the grass . dobie be that a horse ? he hand dobie the binocular . dobie peer through - dobie' telephoto Pov - a mineconjou indian , dismounted from he horse , walk in small , irregular circle and stare at the ground . the mineconjou glance up , look almost directly at dobie , then continue he search of the ground . dobie he 's see we . henry victor you think I do not know that ? dobie then why be not he run ? across the plain - two column of bluecoat , six man each , break free of the group and charge , gallop across the plain towards the lone indian . dobie' telephoto Pov - the indian see the charge soldier . he run for he horse , a spot mustang . the mineconjou prepare to jump on he horse , as - — h.v. raise the rifle to he shoulder , take aim ... crack . dobie' Pov - the horse jerk with the rifle 's impact and twist sideways , fall to the ground . across the plain - the indian jump away from the fall beast as it kick and pump blood . the two column of rider race towards he , flanking he North and South , close in like pincer . the indian turn and sprint West , tear on foot through the tall grass . the two column of mount soldier close in , hoof thunder . 24 . the southern column sweep in first , scoop around the indian . he stop run and draw a knife . he turn away from the Southern column just in time for the lead horse of the northern column to arrive , the mount bluecoat swinging he rifle like a club - chunk . the indian catch the rifle flat across the side of he head . his foot leave earth , he pinwheel through the air , head trail blood , and slam into the ground . ext . plain camp — late afternoon clay crouch over the horse h.v. shot . nearby , two bluecoat bind the indian 's hand to a wagon wheel . blood leak from the indian 's brow . ten bear crouch in front of he , murmuring at the captive . parcher look at the indian ; dobie and dutch stand nearby , stare . h.v. stand in the center , well - satisfied . clay you do not have to shoot he horse . henry victor Christ , you gonna make we bury that , too ? clay stand and h.v. cross to ten bear . henry victor what do he say ? ten bear nothing . henry victor ask what he be look for in the grass . ten bear lean in close and murmur word to the indian , make sign with he hand . no response . dutch pull the photo of the stewart from he vest and hand it to clay . clay nod and crouch next to ten bear , show the photo to the captive . to parcher - clay ask he . parcher speak in sub-title sioux , make sign with he hand as he speak . 25 . parcher ( sioux , s.t . ) < we need to find this white people . bad Indians take . you help , we let you go .> no response . clay stand , annoyed . clay we do not have time for this . let 's keep move . parcher < you blackfoot ? minneconjou ?> ( no response ) < minneconjou , I think . look like bull bear .> the indian look up sharply . parcher < but you no bull bear . bull bear dead . I bury he .> parcher nod , offer a friendly grin . parcher < you dull knife . Son of bull bear .> the indian , dull knife , stare at parcher a few moment and then drop he gaze . parcher stand - parcher his name 's dull knife . clay carry a prisoner 's gonna slow we . henry victor I would rather walk in the right direction than run with my head up my ass . we be run short of daylight , we will camp here . clay we be waste time we be not get , Henry . you know what 's happen to that Stewart girl right now ? dutch look sick . clay press the Stewart photo into h.v. 's hand . h.v. be suddenly very conscious of the bluecoat nearby , watch . 26 . henry victor this be not you outfit , clay . if we need to raise any pig , we will ask you advice . but renegade Indians be my job . clay if man like I and will parcher have not clear this land of Indians , man like you would be dead on a spit and you know it . henry victor this soldier be under my authority . mine . so long as you ride with we , you be , too . he try to hand the family photo back to clay , who let it drop in the grass . dutch appeal to clay - dutch we be not gonna stop ...? clay that indian do not know shit and would not talk if he do . henry victor ( smiling ) he will talk . dutch pick the Stewart family photo out of the grass and put it back in he vest . ext . plain camp - night off-screen , dull knife scream . it 's dinner time . none of the bluecoat look up from they plate or away from they conversation , they have grow use to the sound . scatter campfire . Men eat sociably , drink coffee . we move to - parcher , clay , h.v. , and dobie sit in a group near the campfire , finish dinner . 0.s. , dull knife scream . only dobie look over . we move to - dutch move through the bluecoat , try to see what 's happen to dull knife . 27 . ten bear be crouching in front of the bound minneconjou , on the edge of the firelight , do something to the sole of dull knife 's foot . dutch move tangent to the two Indians , circle around , try to see what ten bear be do . dull knife scream . the cry echoe across the plain , no reaction from the bluecoat . ten bear pull a SMALL nob away from dull knife 's foot and set it on the ground , something pale with a dark , shiny gloss . it could be metal , or it could be bone . callaghan ( 0o.s . ) you do not want to see that . callaghan touch dutch 's shoulder and he jump . dutch Walnut ! ... sorry . callaghan , I mean . ... have he talk ? callaghan Nah . ai not even the point . ten bear stop ask question a half hour back . come get some coffee . they walk towards the mess wagon . callaghan pat he leg . callaghan I be bear with this leg gimp , flesh all withere and shrink . Mr. callaghan , the man that own my mother name I Walnut because he think I look like one . I be not partial to the name . they arrive at the wagon , callaghan pour coffee . dull knife 's scream die down to pain breathing . dutch I can not see anything wrong with you leg . callaghan it 's weak . hurt most of the time . dutch --.- I do not like Henry Victor . callaghan the man 's a sack of horse-shit . dutch grin in agreement . then - 28 . dutch I be belgian . but they think I be german on Ellis Island , so they put my name down as " dutch . " callaghan what the hell kind of sense do that make ? dutch shake he head . callaghan you come to this country alone ? dutch ( shaking he head ) I have a sister ; the boat kill she and we put she in the water . all I keep of hers be a ... I do not know the English ... a '' broche . '' dutch gesture at he chest , shaping a brooch . dutch -.. I give it to maryanne Stewart . he look at the ground . a beat . dutch I barely know she but ... I think she might ... dutch swallow , take a breath . callaghan fill space - callaghan tell I you real name again . dutch Van martjin leijderova . callaghan shit . you want more coffee , dutch ? dutch yeah . dutch glance over towards dull knife . he sit alone , bound to the wagon wheel , foot cover in bloody rag . callaghan he 's give up for the night , praise god. ( consider , then - ) shit . I hope this get I fire . 29 . callaghan grab the bowl of scrap and carry it over to dull knife . he set it on the ground next to he . callaghan go on , you can eat . it 's alright . dull knife look at the bowl of food , he want it badly . he look at callaghan . his eye narrow , somewhere between menace and pity . dull knife ( sioux , subttled ) < you ’1ll be awake in you grave . you 'il be alive when they feed .> callaghan furrow he brow , do not understand . he nudge the bowl of food again . callaghan go on , eat . no reaction from dull knife . callaghan sigh and walk back towards the wagon , where dutch drink coffee . henry victor ( 0.s. ) Walnut ! my tobacco 's dry ! dutch I get it . dutch grab a sack of tobacco and walk towards the fire . by the FIRE parcher , dobie , clay , h.v. , and a half - dozen bluecoat sit . they be drink whiskey , coffee , they be roll cigarettes . dutch approach . h.v. see he . henry victor where 's Walnut ? dutch I bring tobacco . henry victor much oblige . h.v. take the sack with one hand while he fish in he vest with the other , pull out a small tobacco pouch that he toss to parcher . it look like shrivel leather . parcher what the hell be this ? 30 . henry victor tobacco pouch . parcher it 's ugly as shit . henry victor come off a injun . Big buck name sackatabacky . a few bluecoat laugh . clay oh , Jesus Christ . parcher throw the shrivel tobacco pouch back to h.v. , who fill it as he tell a story , excessively proud - henry victor my daddy be one of the man behind the rifle that hold off the sioux at the battle for New ulm . h.v. meaningfully shake the pouch . henry victor Henry Victor senior cut this off one of they Indians . lend the tobacco a sweetness I have grow right partial to . dobie what be it ? parcher it 's a scrotum , dobie . dobie react . h.v. turn he attention to the boy . henry victor you know the story of New ulm , boy ? dobie yessir . my father die there . henry victor well alright then . do you know it be more american civilian than ever die in anything else ? not a soldier among ‘em . six hundred dead by the lowest count . ( more ) 31 . henry victor ( cont would ) the sioux know they could not face the army , so they attack a town of unarm farmer , woman , child . h.v. be condescending , tell the story like Sunday School . he lick , seal , and light a scrotal - tobacco cigarette . dobie yessir , I hear that . henry victor I hope you know you daddy die noble . I will raise a drink to he and every man at this fire . we will make sure we never see anything like that in this country again . clay I will drink to it . parcher any reason 's a good one . they raise flask and enamel mug , and drink . they fall respectfully quiet . the sudden silence reveal a slurping and chewing . they all look over , to - dull knife , hungrily shoveling scrap from the bowl and into he mouth . h.v. exhales smoke . henry victor who feed my indian ? he stand , stride across the camp , and kick the bowl out of dull knife 's hand . scrap fly . henry victor we do not find that settler ' till he talk , so he do not eat ' till he talk . who fed my goddamned indian ? h.v. kick dull knife in the stomach , double he over . chew food fly from he mouth . h.v. pick up a loose stirrup , a metal buckle on two foot of leather strap , a impromptu lash . everybody watch he , parcher and clay get to they foot . henry victor Walnut ? where be you ? Walnut be absent . h.v. be rabid . several tense moment , then - 32 . dutch -.. I feed he . everybody turn to look at dutch . h.v. stalk towards dutch with the stirrup / lash . he raise he arm ... henry victor you ignorant son of a bitch ... clay Henry . h.v. look over . clay have a hand on he gun . h.v. consider , then . henry victor ...- you raise that gun and all four of you will be on rope in a hour . clay stand hold he gun . h.v. stand hold he lash . dutch look like he 's about to piss . parcher get up . parcher Christ , Henry , he be just gonna shoot you a little bit . and if dutch feed he the same shit you cook feed we , he be not no happier and he be ' fore he et . leave it rest . henry victor this be my command . mine . I can not have my authority undermine . parcher ( to dutch ) apologize to the man for undermine he . dutch I be sorry . with he accent , it 's hard to suss he sincerity . h.v. spit and shake he head . to a Lieutenant - henry victor bugle tap , we be bedding down . I want a three man watch until dawn . I want gun on the night . anybody try to sneak back into camp , anything move , kill it . 33 . time lapse - ext . plain camp -— night the bluecoat and cowboy wrap in they blanket , asleep in small group . Soft snore , the rustling grass . a soft rattle roll across the plain , like the largo creak of a ungrease door . almost a purr . dutch lie awake in he blanket , stare at the sky . a bluecoat sentry slouched by the fire struggle to keep he eye open , lean on he rifle . the rattling purr lap against he , each swell tug he towards sleep . the soft purr rise again , the sentry 's eye close . a bluecoat lieutenant sleep on he side on the edge of camp , spoon with he rifle . dutch look over the camp . everybody else be asleep . except dull knife . he sit awake , eye sink , desperate . he stare at the plain , watch the slowly wave grass . dutch lie back down , watch dull knife . dull knife 's eye shine in the campfire . dutch close he eye . the bluecoat Lieutenant , sleep soundly on he side . we move to a short distance away , where a small circle of earth beneath the grass slowly start to tremble . the circle spread , blade of grass fall . five man-shape figure crawl towards he out of the grass . they slink on all four , silent . in the starlight and die campfire ember , we can just barely see they burnt-look , mottle flesh . they movement be predatory , inhuman . the bluecoat Lieutenant do not wake up when a talon , a organic-looking blade touch the hollow between he collar bone and throat . riiip - the talon be drag across the Lieutenant 's neck , carve a deep trench in the flesh . the wound be deep but do not bleed , the scarlet blood instantly coagulate . the Lieutenant 's eye open and immediately hand on he body clamp down hard , hold he immobile . the Lieutenant 's eye roll wildly . a retching SOUND off screen , a splatter , and then the Lieutenant 's face go slack . his eye , still conscious , stare ahead . he be completely immobile . a beat . a rattling . a purr . the Lieutenant be abruptly yanked off-screen . 34 . from a distance - out in the plain , down in the grass , the dwindling campfire offer a rich glow against the wave moonlit grass . shape be be drag out into the plain , the grass form V 's behind they , like a wake in water . CUT to black henry victor ( 0.s. ) bullshit ! bullshit ! bullshit ! ext . plain camp —- morning dutch open he eye . most of the bluecoat be already up . parcher be drink coffee , get he boot on . dutch sit up . h.v. storm around the camp like a child in a tantrum . henry victor somebody see that yellow shit - heel desert . I will not god - damned believe four man leave camp and nobody even god - damned stir . bluecoat hurry into boot and uniform . dutch see clay stand nearby , look out at the grass . dutch ( to parcher ) what happen ? parcher ' Morning , sweetheart . Henry Victor lose some of he boy last night . dutch where ? parcher that 's the question . clay somebody drag ‘em off . dutch the indian do not sleep . dull knife . time lapse - across camp — morning dull knife stare at the ground , beat and exhaust . parcher and ten bear crouch in front of he . clay watch from nearby , whisky bottle in hand . h.v. pace . 35 . parcher shit . you sure you do not find he out front of a tobacco shop ? h.v. snort . dutch approach , tucking in he shirt . young bluecoat ( 0o.s. ) sir? Mr. Victor ? Henry Victor look over , a young bluecoat be crouching over one of the miss man 's blanket . young bluecoat there 's blood here , I think . not a lot , but ... h.v. stalk over , clay on he heel . there be a six - inch smear of blood on the soldier 's gray blanket . henry victor I have ble more from a pull tooth . he turn and stalk back over to dull knife . clay crouch and examine the blood . parcher , crouching , speak conversationally with dull knife . parcher ( sioux , sub - titled ) < know you talk . see you talk , young boy .> no response from dull knife . Henry Victor be livid , he face nearly twitching , stare at dull knife . dull knife stare back . h.v. step on one of dull knife 's bloody foot . dull knife scream through clench tooth . dutch turn away , sick . h.v. take the weight off he foot . dull knife pant . henry victor what 's he get to say now ? parcher we already know that do not work . parcher stand and turn away . dull knife catch he breath , then the corner of he mouth twitches , he whisper - — dull knife ( sioux , sub - titled ) < I be glad they like white man , too .> 36 . henry victor what be that ? ten bear he say he like white man . dull knife < the burrower .> parcher listen intently . ten bear he say about another tribe . miner . henry victor miner ? indian miner ? parcher he do not say " miner . " Men mine . he use the word for when animal dig . burrow , maybe . ( to dull knife ) < the tribe burrower ? last night ?> henry victor let my buck do he job , will . ten bear lean in close to dull knife , cut off parcher . ten bear < where do we find the burrower ?> dull knife nearly manage a smile despite the pain . dull knife <... they ' 1l find you .> he lean in , whisper just for ten bear - dull knife < even if you do taste like white man by now .> they lock eye . ten bear grab dull knife 's bloody mess of a foot , squeezy . dull knife scream . clay step over and shove ten bear off with he boot , knock he to the ground . clay I have finish listen to that indian scream . 37 . henry victor he 's shit - all for information anyway . we will get we answer from the reservation . parcher this be not the sioux , Henry . he just say the burrower . henry victor I do not have time to be second guess . there 's four white woman out there have probably already ... h.v. swallow he last word , grimace . parcher all the more reason we should not be look in the one place we know they be not . henry victor we have to fight the enemy that 's before we . we be go to the rez . parcher 's about to respond , when , dobie ( 0.s. ) Mr. parcher ! they look over . dobie be wave from the grass near the edge of camp . clay and parcher head over . h.v. move in the opposite direction , towards he lieutenant . at the edge of camp -— parcher crouch over a circular indentation of crush grass next to dobie , just like at washburne crick . clay continue past the circle , out towards the prairie . parcher ( to dobie ) what do you think , cowboy ? dobie I dunno , sir . clay ( yelling ) there 's another one . a third yonder . he point further North . behind they , h.v. 's bluecoat be already pack up and head West . parcher nod to clay , show that he hear the man . 38 . parcher ( to dobie ) shitfire . Henry Victor would rather pull finger off the sioux than follow the trail before we . dobie sorry , sir ? parcher ... I think we be about set to quit we military escort . ext . southern plain — late morning pounding hoove . dutch , clay , parcher , and dobie gallop out through the grass , move quickly now that they be alone . dutch look back at the train of bluecoat quickly vanish in the distance . clay , riding ahead , slow he horse to examine another shallow pit in a ring of crush grass . time lapse - southern plain — afternoon small , gnarled tree dot the landscape . the four rider cast long shadow , climb a gentle slope . from a distance , we show how tiny they be , how isolate . ext . plain camp - night dutch take a swig from a bottle of whiskey . the four sit around a campfire , the last scrap of dinner in the enamel pot on the fire 's edge . they be unrol blanket , get ready for bed , pass the bottle . dutch show dobie how to roll a cigarette . clay take a immensely satisfied drink and pass the bottle . parcher take it and grin . parcher great god a-mighty , I be tired . ai not be ride this hard since we gulch the darrow . clay nod and hand he back the bottle . parcher pass the bottle to dutch , then nudge dobie . parcher on the trail of hostile Indians . what do you think , cowboy ? 39 . dobie ( smiling ) it 's alright . dutch take a swig and pass , then get to he foot wearily , stretch . dutch Excuse I . scratch he back , he walk away from the fire - ext . plain - night only a stone 's throw from camp , dutch be already out of the feeble , flicker throw of firelight . we can see how the darkness and endless space make he nervous . the knee - deep grass be pitch - black in the moonlight . dutch pull out he pecker and piss into the grass . back at camp dobie take a swig of liquor , pretend like he enjoy it . parcher you be do real good , dobie . dobie thank you , sir . parcher you oughta sleep . we will be up and move long before dawn . only get a few day to find they stewart before we would not want to . dobie start to ask he what he mean , then hold he tongue . ext . plain - night dutch piss into the grass , look out at the few gnarled , dwarfish tree shaking in the wind . his eye be a little glassy with liquor . he yawns . from a distance - dutch start to button up he pants . we can see he clearly silhouett against the flicker light of camp , a easy target . a shape pass in front of the camera . ext . plain camp - night clay take a pensive drink , sit on he blanket . 40 . clay you think that man last night desert ? parcher you mean ruther and get drug off ? clay nod . beat . parcher shake he head . parcher f’they do , I hope they die fast . you ever hear of a indian tribe call the burrower ? clay shake he head no , and pull a bible from he vest . clay we will stand watch , two hour shift . ext . plain - night dutch turn and start walk back towards camp . he do not hear a SNAP a dozen yard away . he continue towards camp , leave frame . we linger on the dark landscape behind he - against the wave grass , between the small , gnarled tree , it 's impossible to see clearly . but we can just make out - two shape , move towards the fire . ext . plain camp - night dobie curl into he blanket and close he eye . parcher already look asleep . only clay sit upright , hold parcher 's rifle , read he bible by fire-light . dutch walk into the edge of the firelight . he do not see the dark shape loom behind he . clay look up at dutch , then past he . a momentary look of concern cross he face . he put he Bible in he vest . the grass sway in the wind behind dutch . clay jerk the rifle up and level it , almost directly at dutch . dutch freeze . dutch what ... 4l . callaghan ( off -screen ) do not shoot ! dutch jump like something bit he . parcher come out of he blanket , cock he revolver as he sit up . dobie scramble to he foot . callaghan it 's I , it 's callaghan , Mr. Henry - Victor 's cook . lead he horse , callaghan emerge from the darkness behind dutch , and into the firelight . parcher shitfire , Walnut . you alone ? callaghan yeah . parcher drop he pistol . clay you try to get shot ? callaghan move in towards the fire , realize how close to get shot he be . parcher great Christ . tie up you horse and set . you miss dinner . callaghan nod thanks to parcher , then nod hello to dutch . dutch nod back . time lapse - ext . plain camp -— night callaghan sit with the other , they conversation already in progress . callaghan I can not rightly account for the other . do not even know they be miss until now . clay desert the army 's a felony . they could hang you for that and jail we for riding with you . callaghan I do not desert . be not enlist . 42. clay look at parcher , who raise he eyebrow in question . clay nod . parcher well , if you be riding with we , you be work for we . callaghan that 's fine . clay it 's nasty work in unfriendly country . you want to make it back to the ranch , you will follow and do as you tell . callaghan nod . pause , then - callaghan can I ask , which one of y'all be boss ? clay we be partner . dutch listen to parcher , do what clay say . parcher I will be dog , the german 's be pay attention ... welcome to the outfit , Walnut . parcher reach out and shake callaghan 's hand . ext . southern plain - pre-dawn in the lead - gray light , the five rider course across the grassland . ext . southern plain - day one of the round shallow pit of crush grass and churn earth . the five rider pass in the distance . ext . southern plain camp — night coffee 's on the campfire , callaghan dish out food . the grass move in the wind around they . 43 . ext . plain , hunkpapa trail - late afternoon dutch , dobie , and callaghan ride in a loose group through the grass . dobie pull the mess wagon . parcher and clay have ride ahead and sit talk . the three ride close enough to hear they conversation - parcher -.. see the last of they pit a half day back . the trail before they be little more than a slight depression in the earth , stretch roughly East and West . parcher I would say we follow the trail , but it 's you call . clay .-.- take you rest . I need to ruminate . parcher sigh . they all dismount , except clay , who ride a few pace forward . dutch walk over to parcher , who take a swig of whiskey . dutch which way be we go ? parcher you 'il go whatever direction we tell you to , I guess . parcher offer dutch the whiskey . dutch drink , then give the bottle back . he walk back towards dobie and callaghan , grab a small stone from the ground , and chuck it at a gnarled , dead tree eighty foot distant . the stone make a pleasant tok sound against the trunk . dobie grin at dutch , impressed . the boy grab a rock off the ground , aim , and throw it at the tree . it sail past , well wide . dobie lean down , search among the grass root , and pick up another stone . he chuck it at the tree , and again miss . callaghan see the game and join in , pick up stone and throw they at the tree . he miss twice . 44 , dutch watch the two try to repeat he throw , smile as they keep miss . it 's a moment of near-relaxation , the three suddenly boy again . dobie step forward into the grass , and stoops down , search the dark earth for another stone ... dutch pull a piece of grass from its sheath and chew on the tender base . from a distance - we see the five man alone in a ocean of grass , vulnerable . dobie can not find another stone . he push some grass aside and pause . there 's a 8 - inch lock of blonde hair press into the dark earth . dobie 's hand hover over the strand for a moment before lift it from the ground . it 's human hair . he give it a gentle tug . schrt , the lock of hair rip free from the earth , a blood -re postage stamp of wet scalp dangle from the end . dobie 's jaw drop . he gasp and fling the hair away . callaghan step over , look down . there 's a patch of OPEN wound in white flesh in the ground . he kneel and push some loose soil from around the wound in the earth , revealing skin . dutch walk slowly towards they . he see the flung bloody lock of hair suspend in the tall grass . he spit out the piece of grass he be chew on , look at the ground where callaghan be push away the soil ... callaghan ' 's digging reveal a woman 's eye , crust with soil , stare up at the sky . dobie scream . the bury woman 's pupil contract . time lapse - ext . plain , hunkpapa trail - dusk the woman , waifishly thin , blonde , lie on the grass . she 's in a coma and a filthy gingham dress . grass stain , dirt , and dry blood mark she pale skin . there be a soft scratching noise off -screen , like a cat paw at a door . it sound like its come from inside of she . 45 . parcher she 's breathe . parcher be crouch next to she . he try to press she eyelid down , but they will not stay shut . her eye keep creep open , stare without motion at the dark blue sky . the other four man stand over she , look down . dutch she 's not one of the stewart . clay then who be she ? dutch shake he head . we will call the woman audrey . parcher push audrey 's head gently to the side , better expose a deep , six - inch wound tore roughly into she neck and shoulder . there 's no blood but that inside the wound itself , thicken like raspberry jam . clay ( re : the wound ) same as Williams ' wife . parcher yeah . and she should have ble out more , too . parcher lean in . small white growth line the wound , cluster like frog egg . the thicken blood glisten . parcher it 's still moist . maybe infect . parcher reach out and touch gently around the angry pink edge of the wound . he push back the edge of audrey 's collar , revealing a small gold crucifix on a chain . dutch lean in to get a better look . the fungal - look white growth surround the cross in the wound . clay she get any other mark on she ? parcher you get eye . clay do not respond . the scratching sound be still there , from somewhere inside audrey . dutch something 's scratch . 46 . callaghan and dobie look at he , but nobody respond . parcher lift one of the woman 's arm , there be bruise run up and down it . more bruise on she neck . he lift up a piece of she dress , look at the long vertical tear and green stain on the fabric . parcher she 's be drug a spell . clay what else ? parcher what else you want , John ? clay do the Indians rape she ? dobie 's eye bug out , he gulp back shock . dutch be listen hard , the scratching sound be still audible . parcher how the hell be I suppose to know ? dutch something 's scratch inside she . clay what be you talk about ? callaghan I hear it , too . dutch crouch down , across from parcher , over audrey 's face . audrey 's eye stare unmove upward . as dutch get closer to audrey , the scratching get louder . he move down towards the fringe of she tear dress . the scratching get louder . one of she shoe be go . the scratching be come from inside she other shoe . dutch it 's in she shoe . clay pull it off . dutch look at clay , then reach for the shoe and pause . the scratching be fervent , insect-like . 47 . dutch pull off the shoe . her foot be bare beneath . audrey 's fourth toe be wiggling . nobody 's sure how to react . audrey 's toe wiggle , she chest barely move with she breathe , she stare unmove at the sky . time lapse - ext . plain camp -— night from beside the campfire , dutch can just barely see parcher and clay stand out on the prairie , past the edge of the flicker firelight . they be deep in conversation , share a bottle of whisky . dutch be crouch over audrey , clean the dirt off of she face with canteen water . callaghan sit on the ground nearby , blow on he coffee to cool it . dobie stand on the other side of the fire , anxious , kick at the ember . he keep look at audrey , building up to something . dutch push audrey 's head to the side and try to wipe at the scab stick the gold cross to she wound . her head keep slip out of he grasp . to callaghan - dutch can you hold she head ? callaghan naw , man . I be not touch she . dutch she can not mind . callaghan it be not she I be worried about . dobie approach from around the fire , anxious . he point at audrey - dobie be that what rape be ? dutch what ? dobie be that what rape be ? 48 . dutch no ... callaghan we do not know what they Indians do to she . dobie stare at audrey , think hard , then turn sharply away and walk out towards parcher and clay . callaghan blow on he coffee . ext . prairies outside camp - continuous parcher and clay speak softly , low enough to escape the other ' ear . dobie approach in the background , hearing the conversation already in progress - — clay --.- do not know anything about he . that 's the point . parcher and what do we know about dutch ? clay he 's white . parcher but he be not american . clay I be not about to leave a helpless white woman alone with a negro we do not know . they get ... urge . it 's scientific . dobie hover on the edge of they conversation , hope to be notice , too nervous to butt in . parcher shit-fire , everybody 's get urge . that 's why God invent free will , moral . and maybe you be not meet enough occidental to know it , but they get a lot more free will than they get moral . what do you want , dobie ? dobie 's off guard . parcher wait . clay look annoyed . dobie um ... be that ... what 's rape ? 49 . parcher look at he and grin . he look at clay . parcher that will do . clay he 's just a boy . parcher exactly . ( louder , to dobie ) cowboy , we get a job for you . ext . prairie camp - night the campfire be die down . lying awake in he blanket , dutch stare at the small flame dance over the ember . callaghan , clay , and dobie be asleep in they blanket , scattered around the fire . parcher sit by audrey with he rifle across he knee , look out over the plain . dutch admit he will not sleep , climb out of he blanket , and cross to parcher . parcher dutch . you be watch be not another hour yet . dutch I could not sleep . parcher ( nodding ) Dark business . find that woman mean we be on the right trail . dutch why would they bury she alive ? parcher +..- I dunno . it 's a miracle she be not dead . dutch what if they bury maryanne ? parcher spit into the fire . dutch remain determine - dutch we will find she . 50 . they sit in silence for a few moment . the fire light reflect in audrey 's eye . dutch look at the glint of gold stick in the wound on she neck . dutch ..- what about she cross ? ( parcher look over , ) it 's stick in she ... in the blood . parcher peer at the cross and nod . parcher ...- maybe that be not good . you get religion , dutch ? parcher take the cross between he thumb and forefinger , avoid touch the thick red blood glisten beneath . dutch I never do . parcher pull on the cross . it 's stick in the gore , pull at the wound , audrey 's tear flesh pucker . parcher you should get some . might balance the account of you upbringing . parcher tug and the cross rip free of the wound . parcher 's hand jerk away unexpectedly and the gold chain around audrey 's neck snap . parcher oh. shoot . there 's a dark spot in the wound where the cross be , surround by the faint outline of a cross in the tiny white growth . parcher here , it 's yours . parcher press the cross into dutch 's hand . dutch what do I do with it ? parcher hellfire , I do not know . find comfort in you maker . take this , too . it 's you watch . 51 . he shove he rifle into dutch 's hand and cross to he blanket . dutch hold the cross and the rifle . he wipe the blood off the crucifix , rub it clean on he jeans . he hold the cross up to the light . in the glint of the fire , he can just see the small white fungal growth cling to its surface . ext . plain camp —- morning dutch pull tight the rope hold audrey to the wagon . she 's lie face - up , eye still open , on pile blanket . dobie 's horse be tie to the wagon . the other four horse be pack with provision and camp gear . they be all get ready to leave . parcher , to dobie - parcher once you get to Fort lincoln , stay with she , we will pick you up on we way back . dobie I could catch up with you in a day or two . clay we do not have more and a day or two ' fore that miss be corpse . or worse . parcher lean in conspiratorially to dobie . parcher would not trust any other man in the outfit to do the job . dobie grin , proud . parcher do not ride at night lest you want to break old sparrow 's leg . parcher pat the flank of dobie 's horse . dobie I know it , sir . dutch look at the rise sun , still low over the horizon , then at audrey 's unblink eye . he try to push she lid down one more time and again they slowly slide open . 52 . clay enough . let 's go . dutch look over , everybody 's mount up . dutch take off he derby and put it low over audrey 's head , so that it shield she eye . ext . plain - day , montage we be sink slowly towards the ground . various shot , always lower : dobie riding South alone with the comatose woman wear dutch 's hat . the other four ride hard North . the sun climb and we sink . bleached buffalo bone mark the pass hour like sundial . the four rider pass the char scrap remainder of a teepee village at a gallop . lower and lower , the four ride into the northern plain , more varied country , we can see mountain in the distance . the land rise and fall , be dot with small group of tree , scrub and silver - bark birch . southern plain - still sink . dobie see four figure on foot ahead , walk the trail towards he . northern plain - still sink . dutch and the other ride into scattered birch tree , almost glow in the gloam . we sink into the earth , past pale shape that could be bone , and might be move . black on screen ext . birch forest - afternoon clay and parcher ride at the front , dutch and callaghan at the rear . the forest be unnaturally quiet , we can hear the tree move in the wind . to dutch - callaghan I do not like this quiet . clay hold you peace . there 's a urgency in he voice . parcher look at he . clay yonder. 53 . clay nod ahead and halt he horse . a figure be approach through the tangle of birch . parcher put he hand on he gun and draw he horse to a stop alongside . he squint into the forest . parcher I can not see he . clay look sioux . dutch and callaghan draw to a stop along side . dutch see parcher 's hand on he gun . dutch what ...? clay hush . dutch put a hand on he gun . callaghan follow suit . a bird whistle come from behind they , possibly a human imitation of the sound . parcher shit . they get we flanke . I be count on you boy with young eye to see that man draw he gun . do not be bashful about shoot back if he do . the figure get closer , come through the tree , the stick in he hand might be a rifle . another whistle . dutch look back , towards the sound , nothing but the visual noise of birch tree . dutch turn back face forward and see a sioux warrior emerge from the forest ahead , barely twenty foot away . the sioux warrior raise he rifle ... dutch draw he pistol and fire . the sioux turn and sprint back into the forest . before dutch can fire a second shot , clay swing a huge arm and knock he from he horse . dutch drop he gun and crash to the ground painfully . the four horse , gunshot spook , prance and turn . callaghan 's horse glance a hoof across dutch 's brow with a crack like wood break . dutch cry out and put hand to he bleed head . 54 . clay goddamnit ! that be a greeting ! clay trot he horse a few step forward into the birch . parcher look forward to he . parcher we get trouble ? clay I expect . dutch sit up , look at the blood on he hand . there 's a two -inch gash on he forehead . dutch I be shot . parcher oh Jesus Christ amighty . Walnut 's horse kick you . and you deserve worse . clay ride back to the group . parcher so what do we do ? clay we keep at it . he turn to dutch . clay you so much as touch you gun without my say so and I will holster it in you ass . understand ? on the ground , hold he bleed head , dutch nod . ext . southern plain - afternoon dobie cautiously approach a family of sioux on foot . a old man , old woman , teenage girl , and a boy . dobie and the family , both side nervous , exchange pantomime greeting and trade . dobie reach a slab of beef jerky from the wagon and offer it . the Old man take it , nodd and smile . he gesture and speak softly to the girl , who pull a twist of tobacco from she pouch . the Old woman , at the wagon 's side , inspect audrey . she see the wound on audrey 's neck . 55 . suddenly the Old woman be talking fast and low in sioux . the Old man step forward and take a look . dobie hey , now ... do not ... dobie put a hand on he gun . the Old woman 's still talking , point at the gash with it 's small white growth . the Old man turn , do not even look at dobie , grab the Boy and teenage girl , and all four walk swiftly away . dobie , confuse , watch they go . the sioux walk swiftly up the trail , they do not even look back . ext . birch forest - dusk the world tilt uneasily around dutch . he gingerly touch the wound on he head , the skin angry and pink around it . the four be riding in a rough group through the tree , cautious , all eye scan for Indians . the birch have become even more dense , visibility be minimal . parcher be riding point , clay be bring up the rear . callaghan pull he horse over next to dutch 's . callaghan you all right ? dutch I 'il live . callaghan Mr. parcher tell you to shoot . it 's moral support and dutch take it , nodd . dutch what do it mean , '' to holster in the ass ? " callaghan means he 's sweet on you . clay suddenly appear beside they , spurring he horse forward towards parcher . callaghan and dutch fall silent . clay ( to parcher ) I do not like this . you think that indian be burrower tribe ? 56 . parcher look sioux . but there 's more flavor of sioux than I can count . clay why be not we hear of they before ? parcher can not say . I expect they will introduce themselves shortly . the kraut be not make we the most popular white man in dakota . clay ( nodding ) I be libel to drop he when we get back . parcher amen to that . dutch I stay on until we find the stewart . dutch have pull up beside clay and parcher . he 's determine , blood flaking from he brow . clay nod , assent . parcher that might not be so far off . f’that indian you shot at want to talk , he want to trade . and the only thing he have have we might want be white folk . dutch you mean the stewart ? clay it 's possible . but we do not trade for white . dutch but it mean we be close . clay nod . clay ... we be push four day now they be go . parcher do it change anything if this be revenge rather and rescue ? 57 . dutch this be not .... we can still find she . even if she 's be .... hurt . parcher look at clay , wait for a answer . clay he 's right . we be not find body . we do not sleep tonight , we do not stop -- clay 's neck explode . the crack of a rifle . blood splatter backwards , spraying dutch and callaghan . jugular spray pump obscenely skyward as clay fall backwards off he horse . parcher 's horse buck as he draw he revolver . dutch wipe blood from he eye . callaghan draw in a breath to scream , another crack , and he horse jerk violently backwards , eye wild . blood pour from behind its ear and the animal fall , pin callaghan 's ankle beneath the saddle . clay slam onto he back on the ground , blood pump from he neck . he kick at the earth , eye roll in he head . parcher grab he rifle and jump off he horse . more gunshot echo from the surround forest , war cry from every direction . dutch scramble off he horse . callaghan 's horse , lie on the ground , pinwheel its leg and froth at the mouth . callaghan pull frantically , try to free he leg . splinter fly off the birch tree above at the impact of bullet . blam , blam , and war cry . dutch fire he pistol back wildly . parcher crawl over . clay be fish - belly white where he be not bloody . his eye have stop move . dutch crawl to callaghan , still pin beneath the saddle . dutch stop pull . callaghan relax he leg . dutch lift the saddle and callaghan pull free . parcher crawl over to callaghan 's horse and shoot it in the head . the horse twitches and stop move . 58 . parcher get over here ! parcher scramble behind the horse , between it and some deadfall , find a impromptu bunker . callaghan crawl over to join he , dutch close behind . blam , blam , the gunshot continue . the war cry echo from every direction . dutch , parcher , and callaghan lie on the ground between the horse and the deadfall . dutch fumble more bullet into the chamber of he gun . thunk , a bullet slam into the corpse of callaghan 's horse . callaghan raise up with he pistol and parcher put a hand on he arm , stop he . parcher do not waste you bullet . we will shoot when they be close enough to kill . war cry . thunk , the horse twitches at the impact of another bullet . blam ... blam ... the rifle shot slow . we can hear footstep , the crunch of dry leave . dutch peek out from behind the horse . clay be stare back at he , impossible to tell if the man be dead or not . a sioux warrior emerge from the tree behind clay , carry a pistol and a maul . dutch 's eye widen . the warrior pause over clay 's corpse , raise the maul , and skrunch , sink it into clay 's face , nearly take off the dead man' jaw . blam , dutch cringe at the sound of the rifle directly over he head . the sioux warrior spin and fall to the ground with a shoulder wound . parcher shuck another round into he rifle as he drop back to the ground behind the horse . blam , blam , blam , rifle shot and war cry answer parcher 's fire . dutch press himself to the ground , callaghan likewise . parcher wait , get a eye over the horse . another sioux be pull the first to he foot . parcher spring up and blam , shoot the second sioux dead in the chest . parcher drop back behind the horse . blam , a single shot answer . scatter war cry die off . 59 . parcher , dutch , and clay lay behind the dead horse . they realize that they be lay in a pool of horse blood , spread crimson against the fall , silver leave of birch . they can hear the panting and moan of pain as the shoulder - wounded sioux get to he foot and run into the forest . running , the crunch of dead leave scatter in every direction . parcher , dutch , and clay lie behind the horse and try to catch they breath . from above - we see that they line up like a zodiac . Three man lie in blood behind the dead horse , clay dead on he back in he own blood , the chest - shot sioux dead a stone 's throw away . sudden silence with the cessation of gunfire . ext . southern plain - dusk the plain be unnaturally quiet . dobie softly whistle alas and did my savior bleed . he 's assemble a small camp fire and laid out he blanket a short distance from the mess wagon , where audrey lie , still wear dutch 's derby . dobie I guess we can make you a might more comfortable . do not uh ... do not think I be be forward or nothing . dobie approach audrey , a little nervous . he shyly grin and lift she from the wagon . her eye look up at the sky . dutch 's hat fall from audrey 's head and onto the ground . dobie lay audrey on a thick pad of blanket . dobie there . now , lemme ... dobie push a roll blanket beneath she head like a pillow . in the strange silence of the plain , we can hear the scratching of audrey 's toe in she shoe . dobie well , now . right civilized . dobie look down at audrey . his head bob down towards she , and he pause . he grin nervously , look around at the empty plain . then duck down and peck audrey a quick kiss on she lower , parched lip . while kissing she , the scratching stop . 60 . dobie good night . dobie look down at she , a goofy smile on he face . the scratching in she shoe start again . dobie furrow he brow , puzzle . he look at the shoe . he reach out timidly and cover audrey 's eye . the scratching stop . he take he hand away , the scratching start again . dobie take a breath , repeat the experiment . cover she eye and the scratching stop , uncover and it start again . dobie Jesus . you be awake . dobie look like he could cry . dobie you be ... I be so sorry . what do ... what do they do to you ? dobie look down she . she stare sightlessly at the sky , she toe scratching in she shoe . dobie move off to he own blanket . beneath the scratching , out in the plain , we can hear that same rattling creak , a soothing gurgle . to black parcher ( whispering , v.o. ) Christ amighty , be he asleep ? ext . birch forest - night dutch open he eye , put a hand to the angry wound split he scalp and groaning . dutch I be awake . parcher God damn if you be not the dumbest white man I ever meet . they're all still crouch between the dead horse and the pile of fall birch . a stiff breeze move through the forest , rattling the leave . 61 . dutch blearily wipe at he face . dried blood flake off like scale . callaghan I be not hear a thing in hour . dutch how long be we gonna wait here ? parcher they could be wait in ambush . they sit in the break moonlight . callaghan .-- billy 's start to smell . parcher and dutch look at he for clarification . callaghan s'what I name the horse . parcher that 's my name . small grin from dutch and callaghan . callaghan I do not know that , Mr. parcher . Real sorry . parcher shit fire . the horse be dead , Walnut , call it what you like . parcher shake he head . then reach out with a glove hand , and pull a bunch of leafy vine from the base of a tree . he squint at it in the darkness . parcher make a clicking noise in he throat , think . parcher that 's poison oak , be not it ? callaghan look it . parcher --- I tell you what . put you glove on , pile up as much of this stuff as you can . we be not wait for dawn . 62 . ext . southern plain - night close up of dobie 's peaceful , sleep face . a tearing sound , rip flesh . rattle and hiss , something like snake or insect . dobie blearily open he eye . a shadow withdraw from over he , shifting in the firelight . a six inch CUT freshly gouge in dobie 's neck . the figure crouching over dobie be back - light by the fire , barely discernible . it grab dobie by the arm and roll he up onto he side . dobie struggle for a moment , thrashing a arm , before a retching sound precede a hot splash of liquid hit he neck . dobie 's thrashing arm go limp . his eye freeze forward , stare across the camp fire . Beyond the camp fire , conceal by they flame , three more figure , like small man , crouch over audrey . the shifting firelight barely reveal they . they're on audrey as if work on she . they arch they back and tug , make slurping noise , like geriatrics suck tapioca . the figure over dobie drop he and he roll helplessly onto he back , eye stare upwards . the figure be out of he sight too quickly for dobie to clearly see it . thick liquid drip onto dobie 's face and neck . where the bile drop , it steam quickly away , leave tiny white growth . the rattling and gurlging sound continue . dobie be leave momentarily alone , stare upwards . there be fear in he unmove eye . the little finger of he leave hand wiggle . dobie 's unmove eye stare upward . the finger wiggle . three figure return to he , crouching over he , block out the light of the fire . they cluster on the periphery of dobie 's vision . three more join the crowd , completely casting dobie into shadow . a seventh . dobie be unable to turn he eye and look at the hand that grab onto he arm and leg . he 's lift from the ground and suddenly move away from camp . tall grass fly past as he 's drag helplessly through the plane . dobie stare up at the grass , the starry sky beyond . 63 . he be drag by the seven figure far out into the plain , well out of the firelight 's range . and suddenly drop . we hear grass torn from the ground . the sound of earth moving . dobie , stare upwards , can not see what be happen . the figure puff and hiss as they dig , push earth aside . the monstrous hand roll dobie over once , twice , and into a shallow pit . dobie land face - up in a hole in dark earth the size of a coffin . from the edge of he vision , he see the dim outline of the figure push freshly dig earth towards he . they cover he from the foot - up in about four inch of soil . they cover he belly , he chest . a thin layer of dirt be push over he face , until only one eye barely peek out of the rich soil , one nostril be leave free to breath . we hear the figure turn and move off . the sound again of grass tearing and earth moving and then sudden silence . in the dark soil beneath a ocean of grass , dobie 's eye stare helplessly out across the plain . tiny particle of soil around he nostril shake with he weak breathe . several foot away from he eye , a tiny patch of earth be shaking a little bit , as if a mole be try to surface . we sink down into that earth , and several inch below it , find dobie 's little finger wiggling . fade to black ext . birch forest — pre-dawn the forest be misty , the first hint of sub-horizon lead - color light off in the distance . dutch and callaghan be sweat , steam rise from they body as they work . the pile of poison oak be twenty foot long and four foot high . nearby , parcher tie John clay 's corpse to a traveau . it 's like a tight hammock woven between two birch sapling tie to the horse 's saddle , one end leave to drag on the ground . callaghan throw another bunch of leave onto the pile and pause , breathe . callaghan ( whispering ) they use to make we burn this shit in Georgia . 64 . dutch ( whispering ) yeah ? callaghan knew a man get catch downwind and inhale the smoke . bled from he lung for two day and then die . drown in he own blood . parcher ( off - screen ) you boy about set ? dutch and callaghan look over . parcher stand wiping he hand on he jeans . John clay 's blanket - wrap corpse be secure to its sling . dutch we be set . parcher good , then get she burn and let 's go . parcher turn towards the corpse of the dead sioux , still lie face - up on the ground , as dutch fish a box of match from he vest , give a handful to callaghan . callaghan ( whispering ) this do not seem right . dutch I do not like it either . but we do not have time . this get we back on the trail . callaghan do not answer , but strike a match and touch it to a twist of paper bury in the brush . dutch do the same , and soon the poison oak begin to burn and smoke . dutch and callaghan back quickly away , cover they mouth . blam , blam . they both jump at the sudden sound of gunfire . they look back at parcher , who walk away from the dead sioux 's corpse with a smoking pistol . the sioux 's eye have be shot out of he head . time lapse - ext . birch forest - pre-dawn dutch , callaghan , and parcher , with clay 's corpse in tow , ride away from the quickly grow flame behind they . they look like emissary from hell , the reflect firelight dance off of the tree ' silver bark . 65 . they ride into the forest , quickly leave sight of callaghan 's dead horse and the dead , desecrate sioux . clay 's traveau bounce roughly along the ground . the wind carry the deadly yellow - tinged smoke through the forest behind they , glow red in the fire . ext . northern plain / forest edge - day dutch sit on the ground , use a hatchet to knock the cross - piece of a small birch crucifix into the riser . a few yard off , callaghan and parcher finish shoveling dirt onto clay 's grave . parcher , wind , lower he shovel and step over to dutch . parcher here I think you be not have any religion . dutch sorry ? parcher gesture at dutch 's cross . dutch so we will know where he 's bury . parcher nod , wipe sweat from he brow and grab a open bottle of whisky . parcher you might should think about Jesus . that Bible 's do a lot of good in the world . dutch nod , non-committal . parcher .-.- and maybe leave off that cross . if they Indians know a white man 's bury here , they be liable to dig he up and tear out he eye , make he blind in the spirit world . parcher look away , he eye shine with tear , and take a drink . dutch stand and throw the cross towards the birch forest . the cross tumble slowly , end over end through the sky , and vanish in the grass . parcher sniff and spit , drink more whisky . callaghan finish he work and lean on he shovel . 66 . callaghan this mean we be head back ? dutch ( surprised ) no. parcher Hell , no . John clay would piss on we from heaven if we turn back now . dutch and the stewart . you say we be close . parcher yeah . we ride night and day , we can overtake ‘em on the far side of that wood , kill the redskin that shot John and get you woman back . dutch mount he horse . callaghan pause , look down at clay 's grave . callaghan you want to say some word for Mr. clay ? parcher ( shaking he head ) that be he job . ext . norther plain - day the three ride hard . callaghan and dutch have heavy bag under they eye . parcher smoke , eye narrow and red . time lapse - northern plain - day dutch rub he face roughly . his and callaghan 's horse have drift a stone 's throw behind parcher 's . the three be riding more slowly now , the need for sleep overtake they . callaghan look exhaust . ahead , parcher 's head be bow , eye close . he 's asleep on he horse . dutch see it , and look at callaghan . callaghan how do you think he do that ? sleep on he horse ? dutch I do not know . dutch look up at the glaring sun . his skin be sunburn . 67 . dutch wish I have my hat . time lapse - northern plain - dusk parcher 's awake again . all three man be bleary - eye and pallid , sway with the motion of they horse . they stare ahead through heavy lid . there 's a gentle purring roll in off the plain . callaghan 's eye creep shut . they three horse start to climb a rise . dutch 's horse catch up with parcher 's . parcher be asleep again . dutch turn and look back towards callaghan . callaghan 's go , the horse he be riding clop along behind they without a rider . dutch hey . callaghan 's go . parcher snort awake and look back . he 's nonchalant -- parcher when do we misplace we negro ? dutch while you be sleep . parcher I be not asleep . dutch turn he horse and spur it back a few yard . dutch callaghan ! ... callaghan ! he look around ; it 's a ocean of grass , the low sun casting long shadow off the wave blade . dutch can see for mile and there 's no sign of callaghan at all . the purring continue , mask slightly by the gurgling of a small stream nearby . dutch look at parcher , anxiety in he eye . either one of they could have vanish as easily . dutch 's horse trot forward , dutch scan the grass . parcher pull he horse forward in the background . callaghan be simply go ; the grass swallow he whole . callaghan ..- hey. 68. parcher and dutch turn . no sign of callaghan , until ... he wearily push himself up out of the grass maybe fifteen foot away , right between the two horse . parcher get Walnut back on he horse , we be not do yet . callaghan ( blearily ) that be not my name . dutch get off he horse , help callaghan to he foot . dutch you alright ? callaghan nod . dutch think , turn to parcher . dutch the horse need water , we need sleep . parcher the sun 's set on John clay 's grave , and he killer 's still walk . we keep riding . dutch the sun 's already set . we each sleep a hour and watch one . then back on the trail . parcher get back on you damn horse . dutch start unpack he blanket from he saddle . parcher raise he eyebrow and look at callaghan . callaghan shrug and start unpack he own blanket . parcher get off he horse , piss . ext . northern plain camp - night callaghan 's already asleep . parcher and dutch sit by the fire . dutch drink coffee . parcher stew . parcher you cross I again , you and Walnut both can go to hell . I would rather do this alone than with a couple old lady . dutch nod . beat . parcher spit , then sigh . 69 . parcher hard to fathom John clay be dead . known that man since we be little boy . dutch -.- you have get people back before ? woman . from the Indians . parcher look at he , see how worried dutch be . parcher not personally , not alive . but I meet a woman that come back . she be not never the same , but she live . dutch we will find she . dutch look into the fire . another moment 's silence . dutch I will take first watch . parcher nod , then groans as he get up and cross to he blanket . dutch hold he rifle across he knee , drink coffee and look out across the plain . time lapse - northern plain camp - night dutch shake parcher 's shoulder . he jerk violently awake , get a hand on he revolver before he recognize dutch . parcher Jesus . dutch . dutch parcher , it 's you watch . parcher I be not be asleep two second . dutch a hour . more . I need sleep . parcher God damnit . parcher groans , sit up . to black 70 . pale shape move in inky darkness . rattle , purring . time lapse - northern plain camp - night dutch open he eye , see the campfire blaze unusually high . callaghan 's blanket be empty . he roll away from the fire , and see parcher 's blanket empty . he 's all alone . dutch sit up fast . he look around . the camp be completely empty . he grab he pistol , get to he foot . the harsh glare of firelight reveal a circle of grass , but obscure the moonlit ocean of movement beyond . dutch callaghan . parcher . dutch squint into the darkness . he take a step out towards the grass and stop . over the crackling of the fire the nighttime sound seem amplify , shifting in the grass . a moment of uncertainty . we see he from a distance , stand vulnerable in a circle of firelight , surround by infinite darkness . gurgling rattle slide through darkness . he tighten he grip on he pistol . footstep in the grass behind he . dutch spin . a figure approach . callaghan dutch . I can not find parcher . the figure resolve into callaghan . relief sweep over dutch . dutch ... why 's the fire so big ? callaghan I wake up from the heat of it and parcher be already go . something 's up . callaghan shake he head . dutch rub the sleep out of he face . he look around . it hit he . dutch he 's ... use we . the Indians see we fire , attack we . parcher see the Indians . 71 . callaghan +.. Son of a bitch . they stand for a moment , look out into the darkness . then callaghan start kick wood away from the fire . callaghan spread it out , we will let it die down . dutch kick from the other side . the fire 's quickly lower , dutch and callaghan leave stand over scattered , burn log . a beat . dutch be there more coffee ? callaghan shake he head , no . the insect-like purring that 's be rattling off the plane swell . callaghan do you hear that ? dutch frown , strain to listen . the purring build and drop , hard to distinguish from the sway of the grass . callaghan it 's almost like ... his voice trail off . dutch listen . a beat . parcher scream , off-screen . dutch and callaghan 's head snap to the sound . dutch be the first to move , he grab a burn piece of wood and charge into the grass towards the sound of parcher 's voice , into the darkness . the rattling get louder . on the edge of dutch 's vision , three figure be crouch on the ground . dutch throw he torch . it arc end - over - end , sailing through the air , and land in the midst of the three . a hissing scream . the shower of spark and mute flame reveal - two burrower crouch over parcher . the brief light give we a glimpse of the creature , somewhere between a molt beetle and a drown child . but only a glimpse . dutch raise he rifle . 72 . the burrower , out of the torch 's light , nearly invisible , slither like melt wax over the soil . crack , crack , dutch fire he rifle at the creature . crack , crack - thunk , thunk , bullet strike the creature without effect . they wiggle into the dirt , and in a matter of second , vanish down into it . dutch look at the moonlit grass , collapse in circular indentation where the burrower dig down . ( just like the indentation they have find on the trail . ) dutch what ... what ... dutch be on the edge of lose he shit . parcher my neck . dutch look down . parcher have a half - inch deep , seven-inch long trench carve into he neck . ext . northern plain camp - night callaghan search through the saddlebags . dutch be stand , look out at the plain . the purring rattle be all around they . parcher sit by the fire , gingerly touch the wound on he neck . callaghan do we have bandage ? parcher it be not bleed . I can not even feel it . parcher press the palm of he hand against the wound , then take he hand way and look at it . parcher Jesus . now I can not feel my hand . what do that indian do ? dutch that be not Indians . callaghan pull a bottle of whiskey and a canteen of water from the saddlebags , and throw they to parcher . callaghan here , clean it out . 73. parcher ignore the water , take a drink of whiskey . callaghan spit , mutter - — callaghan ... what right you have to stake we out like piece of bait . parcher listen , I be the one who 's god -damn cut . dutch even get a look at ‘em . dutch that be not Indians . dutch cross to the fire , add a handful of dead grass . the fire flare and in the light they can see the grass move around they camp . rattle , hiss . some of the grass seem to move against the wind . the gurgle and purring come from all direction . dutch they be all around we . parcher ( slurre ) I can not feel my face . dutch I think ... they be wait for we to go back to sleep . callaghan fat god - damn chance of that . time lapse - ext . plain camp -— night the campfire blaze , casting a flicker orange light over the plain . the three sit in a circle with they back to the fire ; each hold a gun and watch the plain . the side of parcher 's face above the wound be start to droop like a stroke victim 's . they do not look at one another , but stare out at the grass as they talk . parcher can not feel my tongue . or much of my arm . I be numb but I itch all over . ... I do not want to die like this , not by piece . 74 . dutch I do not think it will kill you . that woman we send back with dobie , she be still alive . parcher ( chuckling ) there 's cold comfort . parcher be still excited , adrenaline give a shine to he eye behind he slightly slacken face . dutch look at he , bewilder that he could find some strange pleasure in this . dutch consider , then - dutch what about dobie ? parcher look up , sober slightly . dutch he could be out there alone with that ... parcher he must be at the fort by now . ( a beat , ) «+- you still get that cross ? dutch yes ... dutch fish it out of he shirt and toss it to parcher . parcher can not catch it with he numb arm , have to fish around in the dirt . he pick it up and murmur a quick prayer , kiss the cross . callaghan can I get some of that ? parcher ..- amen . parcher kiss the cross again and toss it awkwardly to callaghan . callaghan lunge , catch . he kiss it and murmur a prayer . parcher feel the moist groove in he neck . callaghan ( to dutch ) here , man . callaghan toss the cross and dutch catch it . dutch keep it . 75 . callaghan what , you do not believe ? dutch shake he head . callaghan then you need it more than I do . parcher god-damn indian must have poison the knife . dutch pocket the cross . parcher they be alone in this country maybe a thousand year . God know what devilment they could of think of in that time . dutch I do not think it be a indian that cut you . parcher look like man but be not . sneak up and cut a white man 's throat in the night . sound indian to I . they fall silent . the rattling and purr continue out in the sway grass , still strangely soothing . dutch look at parcher 's wound . parcher beat he fist against the ground . parcher Whole ... damn ... arm be numb . dutch you wound be the same as the Williams 's dead . parcher look at he . dutch whoever do that be who take maryanne . take the stewart . we must be close . can you ride ? parcher nod , struggle awkwardly to he foot . 76 . parcher shit . alright let 's go . you do not get I on a horse soon , I will not be able to get on at all . ext . northern plain - night they ride in a line , dutch at the lead , follow by parcher and callaghan . all have draw gun . the burrower noise continue from the surround plain . the sky be enormous , fill with star . parcher 's lip hang limp , he eye heavily lidd . dutch ride slowly at the lead , watch the grass . time lapse - ext . southern plain — pre-dawn they climb a rise in the land . dutch be nodd on he horse , exhaust . parcher spur he own horse forward , alongside the lead . parcher dutch . dutch it 's almost light . parcher maybe . I be fall apart . dutch you will be alright . parcher ...- if I do not make it back , give that cross to Ms. gertrude spack for I . or give it to dobie , tell he it 's for he mother . dutch I 'il do it . parcher I appreciate it . callaghan a fire . dutch look over , parcher swing he head over drunkenly . callaghan point at a dot of orange light on the horizon . 77 . ext . southern plain -— dawn the three rider approach faith , a attractive , 19 - year - old sioux woman sit alone by a small fire with she rifle . she watch they steadily with dark , exhaust eye . parcher call out , he word drunken through he slacken face . parcher ( sioux , sub - titled ) < friendly . peaceful .> faith look at parcher . her eye darken . she trace a finger on she own neck , mirrore parcher 's wound - faith ( sioux , s.t. ) < you be mark . burrower .> parcher look at she . callaghan what would she say ? parcher --- told we to set a spell . time lapse - ext . faith ' camp - dawn faith 's face slightly underlit by the die ember . faith ( sioux , s.t. ) < faithful .> parcher ( o.s. ) her name 's faith . parcher , dutch , and callaghan sit around the die fire . parcher translate with a increasingly bleary voice . faith < burrower kill my family . last night I shot my husband so he would not have to suffer the feed .> parcher she 's talk about the burrower . say they kill she family . callaghan ask she what a burrower be . parcher ( sioux , s.t. ) < burrower . what tribe ?> faith do not even look at he . 78 . faith < they come every third generation . we try to escape to the East , past the great River . we be eight .> parcher < burrower . what be it ?> faith look at he . she seem tired and angry . flashback - ext . plain - dawn we fly over empty plain , grassland extend forever . faith ( v.o . ) < they be here before white people , before human even . they feed on buffalo .> we overcome a herd of BUFFALO , hundred of they stampede . flashback - ext . plain - night a lone BUFFALO collapse in a heap on the plain . in the moonlight , a burrower slither onto the buffalo 's neck and retch . it 's indiscernible as a pale shadow . eight burrower , just vague shape in the darkness , roll the buffalo into a open pit . faith ( v.o . ) < they bury food , let it rot . the poison can not sleep .> ext . southern plain -— dawn dobie 's blue eye stare out of the soil . the ground bulge weakly over he wiggling finger . parcher ( v.o. ) they use some kind of poison , bury they food alive . particle of dirt have collect in the moisture on the surface of dobie 's horribly bloodshot eye . a line of tear trace down he cheek 79 . ext . dobie' camp - day the mess wagon lay untouched in the clear . four buzhard peck at audrey 's corpse , shrivel like a mummy . a buzzard tear she clavicle free and fly away with it . ext . plain - day dutch derby blow by , and out into the grass . faith ( v.o . ) < when the blood be thick and the organ be soft , they return and eat . they drink .> flashback - ext . plain - night eight burrower , half - conceal by grass , surround and cover the barely disinterred buffalo , mouth fastened onto it . parcher ( v.o. ) they eat ... soft part . ext . faith' camp - morning parcher 's voice smear clumsily through he numb face . callaghan Soft part ? what do that mean ? parcher shake he head , he do not know . callaghan I like my soft part . shit . faith < you kill the buffalo . so the burrower find other food .> faith talk to the ground - faith < we could not escape sleep . they take five of we . a baby without a breast to feed it die yesterday .> faith look at parcher . faith < you should die . the sooner you die , the less you will suffer .> parcher do not translate this . 80. parcher < how kill burrower ? stop poison ?> faith shake she head . faith < my father say the ute have fight they . but the ute be as wick as white man , they will not help .> parcher ute Indians know how to kill they . dutch do she know how to stop the poison ? parcher look at dutch , then turn to faith . he point at the wound on he neck . parcher < heal ? make whole ?> faith nod . faith < you can die .> parcher ... the ute might know . callaghan where do we find ute ? parcher there 's probably ute scout riding the same route we be on , though they avoid the trail . we can find ‘em a day 's ride North . there 's a trading post , the watangwa . if we can make it there ... dutch ( interrupting ) what about the stewart ? parcher what about they ? dutch we can not stop search so you can go after you cure . 81 . parcher we find the ute , they lead we to the burrower tribe . we kill the burrower , you get you girl , go build that cabin on the prairie , play american . dutch think , not sure to trust parcher . callaghan be faith come with we ? parcher yeah . that or I be shoot she . parcher smile at she . she know better than to smile back . time lapse ext . southern plain - day dutch watch the landscape roll under he horse . faith walk along beside the three horse . parcher have lash he limp leave hand to he saddle horn with a cord . he 's grin , excited like a kid on a Easter - egg hunt . callaghan look over at faith , see that she be beginning to limp , as if afflict with blister . dutch look at parcher , be a little disturb by the fierce not-quite -grin on he face , twisted by he slack muscle . there 's a dark spot on he jaw , like a bed sore . parcher turn he grin on dutch , who look away . ext . northern hill - day tree again dot the plain . the land rise and fall in gentle swell . Stone dome poke through the ground . dutch watch parcher up ahead . a scarlet bruise , like a blemish on rotting fruit , mark the back of parcher 's neck . there 's a sheen of yellow around it , maybe liquid . faith be now riding behind callaghan , asleep against he back . callaghan veer he horse over towards dutch 's . parcher be a short distance ahead , out of earshot . callaghan you see that bruise on parcher 's neck ? 82 . dutch ( nodding ) on he face and hand , too . callaghan he 's fall apart . dutch the ute Indians will fix he . callaghan you believe that ? dutch do not answer . callaghan slick and callaghan I be think maybe I be not so eager to risk my hide for that crazy old shitbird 's indian cure . dutch we be not risk anything for he . callaghan you still think you be gonna find you girl ? that maryanne Stewart ? what if that 's happen to she ? nod towards parcher . dutch look at the sore , purple - yellow . parcher ( o.s. , interrupting ) what 's the ruckus back here ? parcher have slowed he horse , swerve over to join they . parcher think I mighta hear my name . callaghan just talk . parcher you boy look bushed . we be already in ute territory . couple hour shy of the watangwa . parcher spit . his voice come out in a drunken slur . parcher I do not sleep a wink last night . just lay there with my gun , wait for something to move . ( more ) 83. parcher ( cont would ) whatever they Indians cut I with , it 's get my brain racing like a ... like I be a young man again . I feel lucky . make I wish I could move my god -damn arm . parcher laugh . it 's maudlin in he stroke-victim slur . dutch and callaghan exchange a look . faith ( sioux , s.t. ) < you wound be spot .> callaghan start . nobody realize she be awake . she nod at the wound on parcher 's neck . the wound be mark with tiny white fungal dot . faith < that 's how they will find you .> the grin vanish from parcher 's slacken face . callaghan what be that ? parcher ..- not a thing . black on screen rattle , hiss , the burrower purring . pale movement in darkness , like white worm in black soil . ext . northern hill , watangwa trading post - dusk the three horse and four rider approach a tall pole drive into the ground , rag and feather hang from the top . parcher we be here . dutch and callaghan stop they horse . the pole seem to mark the dead center of nowhere . Rocky , forest hill rise up around they . the place look like desolation , like people have die here , from ambush , starvation , or both . dutch what ? parcher the watangwa . we make it . 84 . callaghan make it ? there 's no '' here '' here . we be dead center nowhere . they be completely alone , expose , lose in the sparse tree . parcher the ute 'il come . we just gotta wait . get I off this horse , my ass feel like soggy bread . faith < we should not stop .> dutch get off of he horse and look around . callaghan climb off he horse nervously . faith look at he . faith no ... < do not stop . it 's get dark .> callaghan look at she , try to understand . faith be exhaust , gesture weakly as she speak . faith < they x11 kill we .> callaghan imitate she speech , try to communicate . callaghan ( parroting ) < they 'il ... kill ...?> faith < they x11 kill we all .> this time he get it right , no idea what he 's say - callaghan < they x11 kill we all .> time lapse - watangwa trading post camp - night callaghan ( 0o.s . ) you watch , man , I need sleep . dutch blearily open he eye . callaghan be crouching over he , speak low enough so only dutch can hear . callaghan the old man 's still awake . dutch nod , and sit up from he blanket . 85 . time lapse - ext . northern hill camp - night dutch sit by the campfire with a rifle across he knee , watch the plain . the rattling be soft , but it 's there . dutch look absolutely exhaust . parcher ( slurre ) you eye open , bud ? parcher be lie on he back by the fire , heavy - lidd eye stare upwards . the bruising on parcher 's face be worse , spread nearly to he leave eye . his leave hand be nearly black . he 's rotting alive . parcher dutch . you hear I , dutch ? dutch I be awake . parcher Real good . you stay that way . dutch I will tell you if I fall asleep . parcher much appreciate . dutch throw another piece of wood onto the fire . parcher you think that boy and he squaw be gonna try to leave we ? dutch -.-no . parcher I would sure hate to have to shoot somebody for try to abandon I out here . dutch stir the fire . with each swell in the burrower rattle , dutch 's eyelid be tug downward . parcher you hear what I be say ? dutch no , I be asleep . 86 . parcher grin with the half of he mouth he can move . the purring from out in the grass swell , dutch 's eye go a little glassy . dutch yawn . parcher grin . the burrower purring swell again , tug at dutch 's consciousness . dutch let he lid droop downward . a beat . the click of a cocked he pistol . dutch 's eye snap open - parcher be turn , watch the grass on the edge of camp behind they . it move against the wind , in time with the burrower rattling . parcher 's revolver weave drunkenly at the movement . dutch raise he rifle . the two gun barrel track the grass ' movement , slowly across the circumference of camp . neither parcher nor dutch notice behind they - a pale figure rise from the earth on the far side of camp , between callaghan and faith . the rattling grow . the grass move before dutch and parcher pause , then cut back the way it come . stalk of grass collapse . background , out of focus - the burrower stalking callaghan arrive over he , and draw back a claw hand . loose earth fall from its back and patter softly on the ground . dutch 's eye dart back at the sound . he yell and spin , raise the rifle . callaghan open he eye and scream . crack , crack , dutch fire . the second bullet hit the burrower and it hiss , retreate into the grass . the grass behind parcher and dutch collapse , and a second burrower emerge , slinking swiftly towards dutch . callaghan scramble to he foot , likewise faith . blam , parcher fire he pistol limply into the earth , nearly throw the gun from he rotting hand . dutch turn at the sound and find - a gaping maw . a toothless mouth as big around as a baby 's head , strung with mucous and bile , like a hole punch in a sheet of melt cheese . the burrower 's head be mottle yellow and brown flesh , the eye tiny , subterranean pink , too far apart . the flesh be plate , but soft , like a boil insect . 87 . dutch throw himself backwards , towards the fire , crack , crack , fire he rifle into the creature . it jerk backwards , hissing . callaghan grab he pistol off the ground . faith scramble towards the fire . parcher turn drunkenly towards callaghan and raise he pistol . Movement in the grass behind callaghan . dutch fire , crack , crack , into the burrower before he as it insinuate itself into the earth and vanish . blam , blam , parcher fire he pistol at the burrower behind callaghan . blam , on parcher 's third shot , callaghan yell and drop , hold he leg . faith grab the drop pistol . sudden silence but for callaghan 's pained breathing and the dwindling purr of the retreate burrower . dutch callaghan . dutch run to he . he pull he belt tight around callaghan 's leg , staunch the flow of blood . parcher do you see that thing ? Jesus Christ . parcher be glassy - eye excited , gun in hand , barely able to prop himself up . he 's almost laugh . callaghan you shot I , goddamnit . dutch struggle to tie off the impromptu tourniquet , he hand slick with blood . callaghan hiss in pain . parcher I save you life , boy . callaghan hold he bleed leg and stare at parcher . faith < put more wood on the fire .> parcher put wood on the fire , she say . 88 . dutch pick up he rifle in one hand and use the other to toss more wood on the fire . the firelight jump , but do little to penetrate the forest hill . faith < we should go . we should keep move . they will find he by he wound .> she point at parcher . faith < we leave he , he 's already dead . we need to go .> dutch look at faith , shake he head - dutch I do not understand . faith < we must go . we keep move or we die .> dutch ( to parcher ) what 's she say ? parcher nonsense . the squaw 's hysterical . dutch shake he head . he take faith 's hand and lift they . he gesture . dutch use hand . sign . parcher oh great Christ . dutch ignore he . faith gesture to callaghan , dutch , and the horse , then make a move gesture , thrust a hand back out of the tree . callaghan she want we to go . callaghan , parcher , and faith be all look at dutch . his decision be go to determine they course . dutch what do you think ? 89 . parcher no ! you be not gonna listen to that red-skin bitch ! dutch look at parcher , make he decision . dutch she know more than we do . ( to callaghan ) can you ride ? callaghan I do not know . if you get I ona horse , yeah , maybe . parcher like hell . parcher dump the spend cartridge from he gun . he shove a fresh round into one the five chamber . dutch start towards he . parcher shut the breach and raise the pistol . dutch stop . parcher we be stay right god -damn here . dutch look at he , he 's only six step away , and parcher 's barely able to lift the pistol . he step forward . parcher pull the trigger . click . dutch lunge forward . parcher pull the trigger , click . and again ... dutch yank the gun out of he hand before the hammer can fall . parcher flail he arm and yell like a toddler ina tantrum . ( like a half - paralyze , rotting toddler in a tantrum . ) he catch he breath , then - parcher God damn you to hell , dutch . ext . northern hill - night the four rider lope along in a line . faith behind callaghan at the lead , nearly hold he in the saddle . parcher slump on he horse , hand tie at the wrist to the pommel . dutch bring up the rear , weary . they horse pick they way slowly through the darkness . callaghan sweat , grimace with each bounce of he horse . dutch watch the moonlit landscape , silvery and dim . 90 . parcher you boy better hope to God I die . nobody answer . faith < more blood be come .> she say it to callaghan , gesture to he leg . blood be dribble off the heel of he boot . he 's near the point of fall unconscious . he pause , call out - callaghan ... dutch . we gotta do something about my leg . he rein he horse to a halt . ahead , parcher grin through he stroke-victim face . ext . northern hill gulch - night dutch adjust the flame on a second lantern , the two small fire together casting a ellipse of weak light . he leave he rifle by the lantern , stand , and cross to callaghan 's horse , which faith hold by the reign . dutch here . dutch reach up and help callaghan off the horse . callaghan lean heavily on dutch 's shoulder , grimace and hiss with pain . he yell when he leave leg touch ground . his right leg hang limp , soak with blood . parcher watch , almost amused . then he look past they , out into the darkness . suddenly , yell from outside the firelight - ute voice ( o.s. , yelling ) good indian ! peaceful ! good indian ! all eye snap towards the sound . dutch look at he rifle . it 's ten foot away , by the lantern ; he can not grab it without drop callaghan . two ute warrior walk into the circle of lantern light . one be tall , the other short . the short one point at himself . 91 . short ute good indian . ( ute , s.t . ) < be you able to speak ?> nobody respond . both ute be armed with rifle sling around they back . the shorter ute have three beartrap on he belt . short ute no English . dutch look towards he rifle , then back at the ute. callaghan ( whispering ) Drop I . get the rifle . faith ( sioux , s.t. ) < ute .> parcher praise God , he send we some ute . I do not know any ute word . short ute frangais ? dutch ( french , s.t . ) < yes. I speak french .> short ute ( french , s.t. ) < good . to speak french . we ... good indian . Friends .> dutch < we look for a miss white family . burrower take they .> the tall ute lean down and murmur something to the short one . he nod towards parcher . callaghan ( whispering ) get you rifle . dutch ( low , to callaghan ) can you stand ? callaghan Drop I . the short ute address dutch again , point at parcher . 92 . short ute < Dead man . we be to fix . Little fish ? we come from south . we hunt . Little fish to hunt with .> dutch he say they can fix you . something about a small fish . < I do not understand .> the tall ute be move towards parcher . parcher stay back ! tell he to stay back ! the short ute show he palm , try to calm parcher . the tall ute keep advance . he pull a bundle of trophies from he belt , hang on a loop of rawhide . they be trinket , jewelry , snatch of cloth . tall ute < Little fish . we use the sick as Little fish , understand ?> he shake the bundle of trophy . tall ute < from the sick .> dutch he keep say Little Fish . parcher ( realizing ) Jesus Christ amighty . he 's talk about bait . callaghan Drop I . the tall ute reach up and grab the rope bind parcher 's wrist to the saddle . dutch drop callaghan and dive for he rifle . callaghan cry out in pain . parcher give a slur yell as he 's yank off the horse and onto the ground , the tall ute hold he . parcher flail at the tall ute , knock the hoop of trophy from he hand . the trophy fall to the ground . 93. dutch get a hand around he rifle when blam , the earth be kick up two foot from he . faith scream . the short ute be point he rifle at he . short ute < to take the Little Fish . we fix .> dutch stay freeze over he rifle . callaghan half - lie on the ground , hold he bleed leg . parcher shoot this son of a bitch ! pick up you god - damned rifle and shoot this son of a bitch ! " shoo zis sunuvabish " be how the word come out , slur almost beyond understanding by now . the short ute hold he rifle on they as the tall ute drag parcher across camp and past he , into the darkness . short ute < Little Fish already dead . Little Fish for trap . to kill .> parcher ( overlapping ) God damn you , dutch ! do not let they take I ! you kill I , you son of a bitch ! parcher and the tall ute be already out of the light of the fire and out of sight . the short ute , hold the rifle on they , begin to back out of the firelight . short ute < we be to fix . we be to kill .> the short ute back into darkness and vanish . dutch stare into the darkness , the short ute could still be just beyond the firelight , still point the rifle . callaghan be they go ? dutch I do not know . a beat . dutch be the first to move . he crouch down and pick up the loop of trophy . faith < we leave . he be already dead . we leave now .> 94 , a dozen trinket take from dead settler , belt buckle , jewelry , cross . in between each trinket , there hang a small grayish - white bone , like half of a child 's jaw , toothless , non-human . callaghan I hope you be not think of go after he . dutch they say they could fix he . or trap ... dutch fall silent , stare at the trinket in he hand . his mouth open a little , tear shine in he eye . dutch oh god . in dutch 's hand , hang from the ute 's trophy cord , be maryanne Stewart 's brooch . dutch lean against the horse and close he eye . callaghan watch he . callaghan dutch ...? dutch take a breath . dutch she 's dead . he stare off into the tree . several moment - dutch look on the edge of fall apart ; exhaust , heart -broken . callaghan wait to speak - callaghan let 's go . dutch I have to go after parcher . callaghan like hell you do . that sunuva bitch be dead ' fore they Indians even touch he . dutch it 's not for he . we do not know how to heal the burrower poison . we do not know to kill they . callaghan I want to go home . 95 . we can see that dutch want to go home just as badly . he put the brooch in he pocket . he take a breath . dutch they take maryanne from she home . Home be not safe . callaghan look at he . dutch hold he gaze . callaghan , wearily , nod . time lapse - ext . northern hill gulch - night dutch pull parcher 's pistol from he saddle . callaghan push himself painfully into a sit position against a saddle lie on the ground . faith pace nearby , watch the edge of camp . she throw another piece of wood on the fire . dutch cross to callaghan and crouch . dutch you be alright ? callaghan no . you hurry back . I think she will watch out for I , but ... callaghan gesture towards faith . dutch stand , cross to faith , and hand she parcher 's rifle . dutch stay ? watch out for he . dutch point at callaghan . tries to pantomime the sentence . faith take the rifle , and nod slightly . callaghan ( to dutch ) be careful . dutch take up he own rifle and nod again . he look frighten but determine . he take a breath and walk away from camp , out of the light of the fire . ext . northern hill - night the starlight shine somewhere between silver and lead , everything nearly black and white in the dim illumination . it could be a daguerreotype . luminous white - bark birch . dutch move through the tree cautiously , rifle in one hand and pistol in the other . he squint into the darkness . 96 . wind move the small tree , shifting shadow dance over the blow grass . burrower rattle come and go from seemingly every direction . time lapse dutch move deeper into the tree . he seem to be move towards and away from the burrower rattle at the same time . running footstep crunch dead leave . dutch spin , just as - the short ute arrive and clock dutch across the face with the butt of he rifle . dutch drop he rifle and fall to the earth . the short ute land on top of he , hand clamp over he mouth . short ute ( french , s.t. ) < silence .> click , of a revolver be cocked . the ute look down . dutch 's revolver be point at he chest . blam . the ute fall backwards , dead before he hit the ground . dutch scramble to he foot . the ute do not move . silence , he smoking gun . he look around . nobody but the dead ute . parcher moan from somewhere nearby . it 's a low , weak sound , nearly a death -rattle . dutch turn and run in a crouch towards the sound . he keep he head low , pistol and rifle ready . he jog through small tree , crunching through dead leave , rise a hill and find - ext . northern hill clearing - night a bare expanse of rocky earth , surround by tree . dutch pass a pile of sharpened pole , 12 - foot birch spear lie pile at the clear 's edge . in the center , parcher be lie face - up on a slab of rock , he arm and leg bound by rope peg to the ground . burrower purr and rattle surround the clear . dutch move cautiously out towards parcher . parcher Jesus , dutch . thank god. dutch lean down over he and unty parcher 's good arm . 97 . parcher they put something in I . make I drink ... dutch drink ? what be it ? dutch reach across to untie parcher 's rotten arm . parcher glance past dutch and gasp . dutch follow parcher 's eye , glance over he shoulder . parcher lurch upward and grab the pistol from dutch 's waist , point it at the tall ute suddenly behind dutch . blam , parcher fire the gun , inch from dutch 's face . the muzzle flash sear across dutch 's eye , he fall backwards . a bullet wound puncture the belly of the tall ute. dutch be Pov - washed - out , overexpose , a ringing in he ear . dutch stumble backwards , hold he flash - blind eye . his leave foot push through a pile of dead leave and SNAP , a bear trap spring up , bite he ankle . dutch scream and fall to the ground . the tall ute be half crab-walk , half drag himself away , bleed heavily from the gut . parcher hold the pistol on he blearily , he arm sway . dutch be close to shock , he Pov bleach nearly white . the ute , near the edge of the clear , let himself collapse , hold he belly . parcher let the pistol drop and lie back on the rock . dutch wedge he finger beneath the jaw of the bear trap . he pull , strain . the jaw begin to separate ... then a fingernail tear and the trap snap shut again . dutch ( pain ) shit ! from above - the ute lie bleed near the clear 's edge . parcher lie tethere by three point to a rock . dutch sit struggle to free he leg from the bear trap . six indentation appear in the rocky soil , churn . six burrower emerge into the clear . they slink like cat , move on all four . 98 . they cast they head towards the ute , and dutch , then focus in on parcher and spiral in towards he . parcher be the first to see they . he gasp . parcher weakly lift the drop gun and blam , fire once before the first two burrower be on he . dutch look up at the sound , just in time to see the other four burrower fling themselves onto parcher . they fasten they gape maw onto he body like piglet on a sow . parcher open he mouth to scream , but the only sound that come out be the die wheeze of a break bellow . the burrower arch they back and suck , slurping the rotten organ from parcher 's body . a burrower pull its pale head away from the buffet , its face drip with blood and gore , as if fresh from a pie-eate contest . it swing its head towards dutch . dutch , still tethere by the bear trap , look at the creature . it hiss with a blood- and - mucous strung mouth . dutch crabwalk backwards , away from the burrower , pull the trap 's tether chain nearly teach before he freeze . he look down at he leave hand , a second bear trap wait beneath a thin cover of leave . the burrower start slinking towards he . the thick yellow nail on it 's three - finger hand drip white venom . dutch look from the bear trap block he path to the approach creature . it 's ten foot away . it tense to pounce , hissing , then fling itself at dutch . dutch yell , and catch the burrower 's hand , the drip talon inch from he neck . he twist , push the creature onto the second bear trap . the trap snap , crunching into the burrower 's side . the burrower arch and screach in pain . dutch roll away , and from the ground grab a stick , arm - length , about two inch around . he wedge it into the jaw of the trap hold he ankle , and pries it apart . the trap burrower , arm 's length from dutch , lunge at he , swiping . dutch yank he leg free and roll away , the venomous claw miss he by inch . tall ute ( ute , sub - titled ) < no !> 99 , dutch look over . another burrower be slinking towards the gut - shot ute , talon drip . the ute cry out . dutch lurch to he foot , he wounded ankle nearly give out , and limp to intercept the creature before it reach the ute . one of the burrower still feed on parcher suddenly lift its head and hiss . it stumble back from parcher , drunkenly , and then collapse to the ground . the other three burrower raise they bloody maw from parcher 's drain corpse and look over . the unconscious burrower lie on the ground , suck small , shallow breath like a asthmatic child . the burrower bear down on the wounded ute weave drunkenly , but be only pace away . panting with pain , dutch grab a sharpened pole from the pile on the ground . the burrower raise back a claw , ready to swipe at the ute. dutch lunge , plunging the birch pole through the burrower 's torso and into the ground below . the creature screech . the bear-trap burrower 's eye be close , it push weakly against the ground . the three burrower over parcher stumble away , drunkenly . the burrower spear to the ground wearily loll its head . dutch +-.- you poison they . the ute , breathe through clench tooth , almost grin . one-by-one , the burrower collapse blearily to the ground , unconscious . barely stand , dutch watch they fall . all six creature lie unconscious , smear with parcher 's dark blood , breathe shallowly . dutch try to catch he breath . parcher 's body be a empty husk , pale white and mummify . his chest and belly collapse like a sink soufflé . dutch heavenly god . the gut - shot ute be weakly try to call out . stand over a unconscious burrower , dutch get we first real clear look at the creature : 100 . humanoid . Three thick finger on each hand end in thick , black , curl nail . a half - dozen small , vestigial , beetle - look talon , like alaskan crab leg , line its torso beneath the arm . it have tiny , pucker eye . mucous-strung mouth as big around as softball . completely hairless . a soft exoskeleton , like a molt insect 's , over mottle , rotten - look flesh , a stark contrast against the crimson stain on they cheek and chin . gooey string of parcher 's blood blow in and out of the thing ' mouth in time with they rasping breath . the tall ute call out to dutch , barely more than a direct moan . dutch look over . the tall ute 's tunic be nearly black with blood in the moonlight . the ute point across the clear . dutch 's gaze follow the ute 's hand to the pile of birch spear , the sharpen pole at the clear 's edge . dutch pick one up . the tall ute nod , and point at the burrower dutch spear , pin to the ground . then he point at the other unconscious creature , pantomime thrust spear into they . dutch limp over to the nearest burrower , hold the spear over it , and look at the ute. the ute nod desperately . dutch kick the burrower onto its back , raise the spear , and plunge it downward into the thing 's chest . the ute pump he fist , pantomime drive the stake down deeper . dutch twist the spear and push it through the burrower , down several foot into the ground . the burrower twist with the pressure and bile dribble from its mouth . the ute look towards the East , where the first gray light of dawn be appear . he turn back to dutch and point at the other burrower . dutch nod , limp over and grab two more spear . he kick the second burrower onto its back and drive the stake through its chest and into the ground . he drive a stake into the third burrower . the ute nod , relieved , and collapse onto he back , panting . dutch impale the fourth burrower . the fifth , and the sixth . 101 . dutch stand , the burrower be still breathing . blood and mucous shake on they lip with every exhale . dutch it do not work . ( french , s.t . ) < it do not work > the ute do not look at he . dutch < they be still alive .> the ute do not respond . dutch be exhaust and all fuck up , look like he 's about to cry . he walk over to parcher . parcher 's corpse look frail as a baby bird . dutch crouch down and grab parcher 's corpse from under the arm . he lift he , and start to drag he away . he pull he back six or seven foot before parcher 's boot catch on a rock . dutch pull and parcher 's withere leave arm tear off . dutch fall onto he ass with the mummify limb in he hand . he yell and drop it , scramble backwards , and come to a rest sit on the ground . dutch sit there . he stare at the ground . he look at the gut - shot ute lie on the ground . dutch look back at the ground and sit . sunlight hit he . dutch look up . the first ray of dawn crest the horizon . the asthmatic wheeze quicken , become more urgent . the burrower be stir , limb move over the ground . the sun climb a little higher over the horizon . Light be now fall directly on the six creature . they wheeze and hiss , there be a faint sizzling . one burrower open its maw and let loose a high -pitch sound like a dog whistle . it raise its arm to the spear pin it to the ground . the other come fully awake , hissing and scream . dutch watch . the burrower ' skin pull tight in the sunlight , steam rise off of it . 102 . a burrower dig at the ground , uselessly scratch at the earth . tiny blister appear on they yellowish flesh . a burrower , scream , pull at the stake pin it to the ground , actually lift itself off the earth . the gut - shot ute watch with fierce satisfaction . burrower skin sizzle and crack in the sunlight . bile bubbles up from they mouth . they steam and scream , flesh fall from they body in blister scrap . the burrower writhe on the ground , they flesh burn away . huge blister rise and break . dutch watch as they scream and fall to piece . by the time it 's do , the burrower 's corpse look like burnt child stake to the earth . dutch , bath in sunlight , sit on the ground between parcher 's corpse and parcher 's arm , wipe the tear from he eye with bloody hand . fade to black ext . northern hill camp - dawn callaghan be sit and faith pace where we leave they . dutch , hold the ute 's arm around he shoulder , stumble into camp . the ute 's foot barely drag on the ground , he whole torso dark with blood . he 's pale , but conscious . time lapse - morning they have the ute laid out on blanket , take shallow breath . faith be gently tie strip of blanket around the still - seeping wound in he stomach . callaghan and dutch sit nearby . dutch drink coffee . dutch it be sunlight . burn they alive . the ute poison they . put something in parcher that would make the burrower sleep . callaghan parcher 's dead ? ( dutch nod . ) I will miss he . 103 . it 's not a convincing performance . a beat , then - dutch I do not know what the poison be . callaghan look at the gut - shot ute. callaghan can he talk ? dutch I do not think so . ... if he die we will not find the poison . callaghan shit . nothing 's easy . dutch I can make it to Fort bismark and back with a doctor in two day . callaghan ( re : the ute ) you think he can live that long ? dutch I do not know . what about you ? callaghan -.. get to it . the longer you wait the deader we get . and you better stay dead South . you miss that fort by a few mile , you will be lose for day . dutch nod with heavy eye . he want nothing but sleep . callaghan and if you gotta sleep , sleep in the day , you hear I ? dutch I will not sleep . faith , she hand red with the ute 's blood , watch dutch and callaghan . callaghan reach out a hand , dutch take it and they shake . faith cradle the wounded ute 's head in she lap . he blearily try to speak , but can not . faith be close to tear . the ute weakly point at callaghan and dutch , then cover he ear with he hand . tear roll down he face . faith cradle he head in she lap . 104 . ext . southern plain — morning the rise sun find dobie 's blue eye , slightly cloud over , stare up at the deep blue sky . ext . northern plain to southern plain - various / montage pounding hoove . from morning to noon to night , dutch push he horse hard across the sparse plain , clay 's horse gallop on a rope tie behind . he switch horse to keep up he speed , eye raccoon with exhaustion . ext . southern plain - night dutch ride , exhaust , world tilting carnival around he . burrower rattle swell out of the grass around he . the small gold crucifix , mark with white growth , bounce inside dutch 's breast pocket . the grassland be watch he . ext . southern plain - dawn a red sun crest the horizon . on the ground - dobie 's eye stare out over the plain . dobie 's Pov - through the grass , dobie see a horse and rider approach . underground - dobie 's finger wiggle furiously . the rider be crossing dobie 's sight diagonally . he get close enough that we can see that it 's dutch . we see hope in dobie 's unmove eye . Underground , he finger wiggle desperately . on dutch - he rein he horse to a stop forty foot from dobie , look down at the grass . he grin a little bit and we see what get he attention -- dutch 's hat , suspend in the grass . he swing down , grab the hat , and jam it onto he head . on the ground - dobie watch dutch climb back on he horse and ride away . ext . southern plain - afternoon dutch stand , wave he arm at a military train , a dozen bluecoat soldier and a mess wagon march northward . two rider break away from the train and head towards he . 105 . int . army barracks - night close up on dutch 's face , exhaust but at least clean up , eat . he watch the offscreen soldier talk - soldier ( o.s. ) I can not rightly say , sir . he say will parcher be kill , and another man name clay . lieutenant ( 0.s. ) do he know the tribe that attack he ? soldier ( o.s. ) no , sir . he 's a foreigner , sir . might be simple . ext . southern plain -— morning dutch sit on a wagon , he leave ankle thickly bandage . he 's clean up , in fresh clothes . a black driver and a doctor sit in the wagon behind they . six bluecoat ride alongside , along with a oglala scout . dutch hold a cane across he lap and watch the prairie ahead of they , anxious to return to he friend - ext . northern hill / military camp - dusk faith and the tall ute hang dead from a impromptu gallow . the blood from he stomach wound trace he leg show that the tall ute be still alive when they strung he up . dozen of bluecoat mill around , set up camp . stand by the wagon , lean on he cane , dutch stare slack - jaw at faith and the tall ute 's corpse . his eye shine with tear . campfire burn all around he , throughout the tree , a pleasant glow in the quickly fade light . henry victor ( 0.s. ) parcher 's german ! hey , parcher 's german ! dutch turn , Henry Victor walk quickly and warmly towards he , rub he hand together with satisfaction . 106 . henry victor my god , man . they tell I you be here . I be afraid you be too late for will parcher . dutch I know . henry victor what the hell have they Indians do ? we bury he proper , though . man be wiser and I give he credit . take four day and no small pain to get they sioux to tell we what parcher guess right off . we have get scout rout out the ute to the North as we speak . be able to clear just about every last one of they from this land . reg'lar Indians : they could whoop to beat the band but can not fight for shit . dutch where 's callaghan ? henry victor who , now ? dutch he be you cook . he be with ... henry victor Walnut ! he would have owed I he life if he have survive . dutch what ? henry victor amputate he leg and he up and die on we . man be delirious , halucinate , never really wake . tear creep down dutch 's cheek . Henry Victor 's talk to himself , barely notice dutch be there . henry victor ' course we never do find they stewart . doubt we ever will , be probably dead before we even start look . I guess all we can really do be make sure it never happen again . 107 . dutch look at the ground , cry . ext . southern plain -— morning dutch ride parcher 's horse away from a dozen bluecoat soldier riding South . ext . washburne crick - day we see the settlement from out in the plain , alone ina world of grass . the house be still unoccupy . we tilt down and reveal six sunken patch in the ground . they be grave , recently rob . if we look closely , we can see scrap of bone and withere skin in the grass . a piece of lace from one of the Stewart child 's nightgown . they be bury less than a 1 / 4 mile from they home . ext . the spack house - day dutch ride towards the large victorian home . he eye the approach home with trepidation . ext . the spack house porch - day gertrude , wiping she hand on she apron , open the door and find dutch stand with he hat in hand . dutch inhale to begin speak ... int . gertrude's parlor - day dutch perches uncomfortably on a wing - back chair as gertrude weep softly , sit on the sofa opposite . this have be go on for some time . dutch hold he hat on he knee , move he hand along the brim . the gold crucifix dangle by its chain from gertrude 's hand . gertrude get control , wipe at she face with a kerchief . gertrude have you have lunch , Mr. leijderova ? ext . the spack house - afternoon dutch carry a picnic basket , walk next to gertrude , who carry a blanket . they walk towards the box elder tree where the earlier picnic take place . 108 . gertrude dobie 's still alive . dutch I think so , too . gertrude it 's not a think matter . a mother would know . my son will come back to I . the gold crucifix be looped around gertrude 's neck . gertrude do you like pineapple ? dutch I do not know . gertrude I think you will . parcher love pineapple . she pause . gertrude I be sorry about maryanne . ( dutch nod ) her poor family ... I do not want to feel guilty . I think we duty be to live as well as we can . it give reason to the sacrifice that man like parcher and you make . a lot of Americans die so we could make a life here . it would be a sin if we do not . they arrive in the shade of the box elder . gertrude finger the gold cross . it 's still spot with tiny white growth . ext . the southern plain - night the grass move in amber wave across the slowly sloping land . the cloudless sky cast clear , stark , starlight down onto the plain . dobie be pull from the earth by a dozen hungry hand . he 's still alive , still awake when the feed begin . the end