the road written by Joe penhall base on the road by cormac mccarthy ext . corn field - day the intense buz of summer insect and the song of songbird . a bird eye view of a bucolic mid west farming landscape , corn field , blue sky , sunshine , a farmer ploughing a nearby field with a tractor , grain silo and a hay stack . a man with a horse . a clapboard house with a strawberry field , a woman 's hand pick strawberry ; a woman lie in grass , lazing ... open credit ... int . dine room / home - night next to book shelf and a upright piano , with sheet music on the stand - chopin . there be also a dining room table with leftover from a abandon meal - strawberry and cream . int . bedroom - night month later - a warm night , the man be asleep with the same woman , now pregnant , no sheet on the bed . the man be restless and wake . a distant rumbling , indistinct - the man swing he foot off of the bed and go to the window , anxious . int . bathroom - night the man be in he short , sweat , put a plug in the bath and turn on the tap as far as they will go . the woman appear in the doorway in a nightdress and lean against the door frame watch , blearily , cradling she pregnant belly . woman . why be you take a bath ? man . I be not . the woman take off she nightdress and go to the bath . woman . you will sleep better . he look at she , surprised she 's misunderstand . man . I be not ! put you clothes back on . she see he 's look out the window now - there 's a eery rise - color glow of distant fire through the glass - and distant shout and scream ... ( continued ) 2 . continued : woman . what be it ? what 's happen ? end of flashback : title : the road . ext . campsite - dawn a man of about forty and a boy of ten be asleep , campe on a tarp under a rock ledge , the blacken chasm of a burnt valley spread out below . it be the same man see earlier - but ten year older , thin , malnourish , with a thick beard . they be both emaciate and exhaust , they face and hand coat in grime and soot from the burn , blacken landscape around they . ash fall on the tarp , which be bright synthetic blue , the only color in sight . the man be wake by something , he instinctively reach out to touch the boy , he hand rest on he chest and rise and fall with each of the sleep boy 's breath . there be a low rumble , the ground start to tremble and the boy wake . boy . papa ? ( no reply . ) papa ? man . shh . it 's okay . boy . what be it , papa ? they listen as it grow nearer and louder , everything shaking , tree root groaning and splitting , until it pass between they with a roar like a subway train right beneath they . the boy be now cling to the man and cry , he head bury against he chest in fear . man . shh . it 's all right . it 's all right . it 's go . boy . what be it , papa ? man . it be a earthquake . 3. ext . road - day in the burnt , barren landscape , through swirl of soft ash and smoggy air the man appear dress in a filthy old parka with the hood up , a knapsack on he back , push a rusted shopping cart with a bicycle mirror clamp to the handle and the blue tarp now cover it 's load . the little boy , similarly dress with a knapsack on he back , shuffles through the ash at he side - like Depression - era Dust bowl homeless . there be a flicker of lightning over head , then more , but no thunder . man . ( v.0 . ) the clock stop at one seventeen one morning . there be a long shear of bright light , then a series of low concussion . ext . mountainside / cracked road - day Broken asphalt , the earthquake have cause a large fissure to open up alongside the road , with a sheer drop . the man and the boy edge past burnt tree and scrub . man . ( v.0 . ) within a year there be fire on the ridge and derange chant . the scream of the murder . by day the dead impale on spike along the road . ext . lake - day they trudge past a vast lake fill with dead tree ... man . ( v.0 . ) I think it 's October but I can not be sure . I have not keep a calender for 5 year . ext . mountainside - day they truck along with the trolley through the fog , the ghostly shape of dead tree on either side and the shape of barren mountain in the background ... ( continued ) 4. continued : man . ( v.0 . ) each day be more gray than the one before . each night be darker - beyond darkness . the world get colder week by week as the planet slowly die . no animal have survive . all the crop be long go . ext . edge wood - day a tree fall behind they with a whump and they jump ... man ( v.0 . ) someday all the tree in the world will have fall . ext . gas station - day the man forage for petrol , check the nozzle of the pump , rummage through empty oil can , he upend a bin to get at the empty oil bottle . the boy pick up a phone on a wall and listen to the dead earpiece . man . ( v.0 . ) the road be people by refugee towing cart and road gang carry weapon , look for fuel and food . ext . long road - day they head down a long straight road towards a dark , forbid look tunnel - a turnpike . man . ( v.0 . ) there have be cannibalism . cannibalism be the great fear . ext . CITY - day they emerge before a view of a desert city -state ... ext . mall - day they forage in a desert mall ... there be skeleton and human bone here and there . ( continued ) 5 . continued : man . ( v.0 . ) mostly I worry about food . always food . food and we shoe . cu - the boy examine the head of a moose mount on a wall in a sear hunt store . man . ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) sometimes I tell the boy old storey of courage and justice - difficult as they be to remember . all I know be the child be my warrant and if he be not the word of God , then God never speak . end of credit /music . ext . ridge / campsite - ( camp 2 ) - evening they be campe high up on the ridge of a mountainside . there be a camp fire with wet clothes hang to dry on stick beside it . the man be erecting the tarp over string tie between two stick stick in the ground . the boy be sit lighting a lantern use the scavenge oil inside the makeshift tent , he shadow stark against the illuminate tarp . boy . now you can read I a story . he get out a book and look at the picture in the lamplight . the man read he a story ... ext . ridge / campsite - ( camp 2 ) - night the man awaken bath in firey light as if the sun have come out . there be pale gray snow all around he with a quivering orange glow . he get up to investigate , look to the line of tree up the ridge where a forest FIRE be burn , crackling in the distance . he stand stare at the fire , the warmth and light move he , enliven he and not frightening he at all . the boy have get up and appear at he side , yawn . he look at the sky at a single gray snowflake drift down . boy . it 's snow ! ( continued ) 6 . continued : man . it 's like it use to be when the sun come out . the boy catch the snowflake in he hand , surprised . ext . road / plain - day they travel along the road through drift wood smoke , smoke pour off the ground like mist and thin black tree burn like candle on the snowy ridge . they reach a spot where fire have cross the road melting the tarmac . they foot stick in the molten tarmac , it suck at they shoe and they stop . just ahead they see a set of foot print in the tar and study they . boy . who be it ? man . I do not know . the man look through a pair of binoculars and see : a stoop figure up ahead , a dying man drag one leg slightly , limping along . he stop and stand uncertainly , then continue . the boy see he too . boy . what should we do papa ? man . we be all right . let 's just follow and watch . boy . take a look . man . yeah . take a look . ext . road / hill - late afternoon the dying man be get slower and slower as they climb a slope , follow , until he finally stop and simply sit in the road . the boy hang onto the man 's coat anxiously as they approach . Pov boy - the dying man be burnt , he clothing scorched and skin black with soot . one eye be burnt shut and he hair be a nitty wig of ash . his shoe be bound with wire and coat with road tar . ( continued ) 7. continued : as they pass by the dying man look down , averting he eye . the boy keep look , unable to take he eye off he . boy . papa , what 's wrong with that man ? man . he 's be strike by lightning . boy . can not we help he ? papa ? man . no . we can not help he . they keep walk away and the boy tug at the man 's coat . boy . papa ? man . stop it . boy . can not we help he , papa ? man . no . we can not . there 's nothing to be do for he . ext . bridge - ( camp 3 ) - evening they be campe under the bridge , ash and slurry drift by on the river , a dull sulphur light from the fire glow against the sky . the boy sit in silence with he back to the man . man . there 's nothing we could have do . ( no reply . ) he 's go to die . we can not share what we have or we will die too . boy . I know . man . so when be you go to talk to I again ? boy . I be talk now . ( continued ) 8. continued : man . be you sure ? boy . yes . ext . barn - day they come to a barn beside the road . they look at each other . man . let 's take a look . the man pick up the revolver and they go inside cautiously . int . barn - day Three pair of feet wear different shoe - a man 's shoe , a woman 's shoe , and a child 's sneaker - hang above three carefully place chair . man . do not look . the boy look at the ground . man . ( cont 'd ) you do not need to see this . the boy take a few step , explore , he eye the empty hay loft but avoid look at the hang body . boy . there could be something here . there could be corn or something . man . no , they run out of food . boy . maybe we could find some hayseed in the hayloft ? now the boy go over to the swinging corpse , oddly curious . man . it 's not what - you think . they commit suicide . boy . what do that mean ? ( continued ) 9 . continued : man . you know what that mean . the man goe outside while the boy think about it a moment . ext . farm gate - day they walk away from the eerily silent farm , stop at a abandon tractor by a weathered , paint stripped letter box . man . come here . the boy go over and the man take out he revolver , open the magazine and show he : two bullet in the chamber . man . ( cont 'd ) you see that ? two leave . one for you and one for I . he place the boy 's thumb on the hammer and cock the pistol . he curl the boy 's index finger around the trigger . man . ( cont 'd ) you put it in you mouth and point it up . like this . just like I show you . he put the barrel of the pistol in he own mouth until the boy nod , wide eye . he take the pistol out of he mouth and uncock it . man . ( cont 'd ) you get it ? boy . I think . man . be it okay ? boy . okay . the man put the gun away and cuddle the boy close . they set off again . 10 . int . clapboard house - day flashback - the woman be sit by the window , stare out at the garden which be barren now , the sky gray but tinged with the same fireglow see earlier , a film of gray ash cover dead lawn and shrub and inside the paintwork be grimy and colorless now , a lot of the furniture go . a pile of break up furniture and piece of the piano be -stack up next to the fireplace . in the fireplace the scorched , ashen remain of piano key . the woman be now heavily pregnant . the man set down chip old plate and spoon , spoon bean from a pot and sit to eat . as the woman start to eat she wince and freeze with a look of horror , spoon halfway to she mouth . she look down and sees : Pov woman - water and blood run down she leg . woman . oh no . oh no . man . it 's okay , I will help you . just like we say . woman . no no no ... man . I will heat water . we can do it . as he go out she moan in despair . int . kitchen / clapboard house - day the man rush in and open a drawer in the sideboard . instead of cutlery it contain a pair of kitchen shear , a bottle of antiseptic , wear but clean towel and a pair of wear out yellow rubber dish glove , all laid out in readiness . the woman appear at the door , blood run down a leg . woman . we do not have to . man . well , I think we probably do . woman . what kind of life be this ? ( continued ) 11 . continued : man . it 's life . it 's the only thing leave . he take the woman back into the other room . int . dine room / clapboard house - day terrible scream . the woman lie on the dining room table scream as she have she first contraction . the man be wear the rubber glove , one glove hand rest on the woman 's leg , about to deliver he own baby . he wipe he brow and leave a smear of blood as the scream go on . woman . I can not . man . it 's come . end of flashback . int . trailer home - ( camp 4 ) - evening Inside a badly damage trailer home , one wall half fall off , a pan of water boil on a small fire . the boy sit shiver in a blanket as he eat bean from a tin , scraping around for the last one or two . the man open he knapsack by the fire and produce a packet of cocoa . he fix a cup of cocoa for the boy . he hand the boy the cup of cocoa and as the boy examine it and drink , the man surreptitiously pour himself a mug of water and sit blow on it . the boy realise the man have leave he all the cocoa . boy . you promise not to do that . man . what ? boy . you know what , papa . I have to watch you all the time . man . I know I be sorry . boy . if you break little promise you will break big one . that 's what you say . ( continued ) 12 . continued : the man relent , pour the hot water back into the pan and take some of the boy 's cocoa into he own cup . the boy wipe he finger around the inside of the empty bean tin and lick he finger . man . watch you finger . boy . you always say that . man . that 's because you always do it . the man spread bit of a wear out road map on the board and study they . boy . what be you do ? man . we have to keep move . we have to go south to the coast . boy . why ? man . it will be better at the coast . boy . why ? man . because we be go to freeze here . he pick up the map piece carefully . ext . turnpike - morning the man and the boy truck along the blacktop . at the crest of a hill they come to fade billboard advertising motel and stop . the boy notice a sign in the distance , which have word paint over a fade advertisement : odd , nonsensical , biblical rambling about " bone " and " the dead . " the man follow the boy 's gaze and read : " behold the valley of slaughter - jeremiah 19:6 . " man . do you remember you alphabet ? ( continued ) 13 . continued : boy . yes . man . can you read that ? boy ( scrutinising it . ) no . man . good , let 's go . the man take out a large revolver , cock it in readiness and place it on the tarp as they move . the boy eye the man nervously , eye the gun and they move off . ext . turnpike , tunnel approach - day they trudge along the turnpike towards the open of a deep , black tunnel and the boy suddenly come to a stop , increasingly upset , unable to face the yawn mouth of the tunnel . boy . I can not , I just can not ... man . there 's no other way . boy . we could go over . man . we can not take the cart over . boy . we do not know what 's in there . man . there 's nothing in there . it 's just the same as it be out here . okay ? boy . ( beat . very reluctant . ) okay . the boy stick close to the man 's side . the man have the revolver in he belt now and he parka unzip , ready as they nervously walk towards the mouth of the tunnel . 14 . int . tunnel - day the man have he arm around the boy as they push the cart cautiously ahead , acutely aware of all that 's around they . they pass footprint in the dry sludge on the ground . ash and litter blow about and a handful of mummified dead refugees appear along the side of the tunnel , sit and lie on camp stretcher , they bag and supplies long since loot . they be shrivel and draw like latterday bogfolk , shoeless , a couple of man , a woman a small child and a dog . the man stare at the group . the boy stare at the small child and then at the mummify dog , transfix . the man put out he hand for the boy to take - the boy take he hand and the man move he on . man . just remember that the thing you put into you head be forever . boy . but you forget some thing do not you ? man . you forget what you want to remember and you remember what you want to forget . ext . tunnel exit and turnpike - ( camp 5 ) - early morning the man and the boy be asleep inside a abandon car amongst a line of other abandon vehicle littering the turnpike . int . abandoned car - ( camp 5 ) - early morning now the boy 's hand rest on the man 's chest as he sleep . the man breathes stertorously , wheeze a little and the boy be small hand go up and down on he chest . suddenly the man wake and roll onto he side , listen , the revolver lie beside he . he slip he hand onto the revolver and raise he head slowly . he look around - nothing but the sound of a distant diesel engine . he look at the boy fast asleep . when he look back at the tunnel he see a nightmarish vision : ( continued ) 15 . continued : Pov man - exiting the tunnel , shuffle through the ash , a group of hooded men , some in gas mask and filthy biohazard suit , slouching along , cough , casting they head from side to side and swinging club and length of pipe - a road gang . the man listen to the sound of a diesel truck behind the gang . man . quickly . Quick ... the boy jolt awake as the man shove he pistol in he belt , grab the boy by the hand . they slide out of the car and crouch on the ground , the boy be freeze with fear . man . ( cont 'd ) it 's all right . it 's all right but we have to run . do not look back . come on . they backpack be still leave in the back of the car ... man . ( cont 'd ) run ... run ... the flat bed truck rumble into view , men from the gang stand on the flat bed look around , some hold rifle . the boy fall and the man pull he to he foot with such force he lift he clean off the ground and have to dangle he back down again . man . ( cont 'd ) you okay ? it 's all right ... come on ... they rush down the embankment into the tree alongside the turnpike . ext . turnpike underpass - day they run through the wood . the truck be hear in the background , the motor miss and sputter , coil of black diesel smoke coiling through the wood . the motor die with a flap rattle and there 's silence . the man and the boy crouch in freeze silence , the truck now on the overpass nearby , dangerously expose to the view of the gang . they listen to the gang talking and raise the hood of the truck the man put he arm around the boy and draw he pistol as they see the truck begin to roll , the gang push it ... but it cough and stall again . ( continued ) 16 . continued : the man see one of the gang member come down the embankment , unbuckle he belt . he be emaciate , in dirty blue overall and a gas company cap , and have a long beard cut square at the bottom and a bad tattoo of a bird on he neck . he do not stop , just keep come , closer and closer until he 's just foot away , almost on top of they . he unzip he pants and take a piss . as he stand pissing he eye roam around - at any moment he could look to the side and see they crouching there . the man be wide - eye , gun ready , eye darting from the gang member to the boy to the gun . the gang member roll he shoulder and exercise he neck ... he look down and study the steam come off he piss . the man silently train he pistol at the head of the gang member who , as if by instinct , roll he head around and look right at he . man . just keep it come . the gang member see the gun and stop pissing , look back at the truck , zip he fly . man . ( cont 'd ) do not look at they . look at I . if you call out you be dead . where you from ? gang member . do it matter ? where you from ? man . what 's the truck run on ? gang member . diesel fuel . man . where d' you get that ? gang member . I do not know . man . you do not know , huh ? the gang member just stare , not answer . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 2 ) man . ( cont 'd ) you get ammunition for that rifle ? the gang member look back towards the truck . man . ( cont 'd ) I tell you not to look back there . where d' you get all that stuff ? gang member . found it . man . what be you eat ? gang member . whatever we can find . man . whatever you can find , huh ? gang member . yeah ... now the gang member look at the boy , cause the man to raise the revolver and cock it . Pov gang member - he look down the barrel at the magazine and see empty space . gang member . ( cont 'd ) you will not shoot that thing . you be not get but two shell . maybe just one . and they will hear the shot . on the over pass the road gang be look around , murmuring as they notice one of they number miss . man . maybe . but you will not . it will be through you skull and inside you brain before you can hear it . the man step closer and aim the gun at the man 's forehead , hammer back , ready . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 3 ) man . ( cont 'd ) to hear it you will need a frontal lobe and thing with name like colliculus and temporal gyrus and you will not have they anymore because they will just be soup . gang member . be you a doctor ? man . I be not anything anymore . gang member . we get a hurt man . it would be worth you while . the man glance in the direction of the road gang , then back at the gang member , who be still eyeing the boy . the boy be sit with he hand on top of he head , peek out through he arm , terrify as the tension escalate . man . if you look at he again I will shoot you in the head . gang member . I will bet that boy be hungry . why do not you all just come onto the truck . get something to eat . ai not no need to be such a hard ass . man . you do not have anything to eat . let 's go . gang member . I be not go nowhere . man . you think I will not kill you but you be wrong . gang member . you know what I think ? I think you be chickenshit . you never kill a man in you life . he drop he belt on the ground with a clatter , a canteen and army pouch hang from it . the man eye the army pouch , eye the gang on the road - and notice for the first time some of they be wear the same army pouch . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 4 ) one be bang he stick on the side of the truck to call they lose member . the man be distract by this and when he look up the gang member have take two silent step and be stand between he and the boy , hold a knife . man . what do you think you be go to do with that ? without a word the gang member dive and grab the boy , roll and land on he foot hold the boy against he chest with he knife at he throat . simultaneously the man drop to he knee , train the pistol and fire from six foot away , shoot the gang member in the forehead . he fall back and lie with blood bubbling from the wound , eye open , the boy lie in he lap in shock , deafen , expressionless , cover with gore and mute as a stone . the gang hear the loud shot and freeze , they start look around they more urgently now . the man grab the daze boy by the hand and yell but in he deafness the boy hear only a mute soup of word : man ( mute . ) move ! let 's go ! the man shove the pistol in he belt , hoist the boy onto he shoulder and set off down the road at a run . ext . wood - day they crash through the wood , the man strain to keep the boy aloft and find a path through the tree - the boy clutching the man 's head with both hand . there 's a sicken thud and the man fall , the boy fly off with a cry . the man struggle to gather he wit , unsure whether he 's be fell by another man . man ( mute . ) come on . get up , get up quickly ! the man swing the boy onto he shoulder and run . ext . wood / turnpike - day the man and boy stagger through tree and the man drop to he knee , let the boy down . they be back by the turnpike again . they listen and watch , utterly exhaust and out of breath , the man be wheeze , the boy at he side , hold he hand , stare , in shock still . ( continued ) 20 . continued : man . shh . it 's okay now . you be go to be ok . Pov boy - the boy can still hear nothing , temporarily deaf . but he see the man talk and look around , through 360 degree , try to work out where it 's safe to go . man . ( cont 'd ) come on . he grab the boy 's hand and they take off again . ext . wood - evening the man pull out blanket from he knapsack . the boy sit stare , shocked as the man try to wipe the blood and gore from he face but it 's thick and congeal now . his hand tremble as he try to pick it from the boy 's hair . man . it 's okay ... it 's okay now ... frightened by the boy 's muteness , he wrap he in a blanket , unzip he parka and hold he close under the parka . the man pick up he revolver , check the chamber , only one bullet leave . he eye the flicker shadow in the distance and then eye the boy , make minute calculation of distance , calibrate the space between the road gang and the boy . he hold the revolver up and cock it . man . ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I try to look like any common travel killer but my heart be hammer . when it come to the boy I have only one question : can you do it ? when the time come ? there be no moon , but not far away , perhaps 30 yard , a firey torch make its way through the wood . about 50 yard away from that another torch be be use to search ... shadow flicker ominously . the sound of twig snap underfoot and branch be break as the road gang search wordlessly , just breathing heavily through they mask and beard . the man clutches the boy tighter , and stifles a cough . they remain freeze like this , unable to budge . fade out . 21 . ext . embankment - dawn they be by a thin , toxic , rust - red stream , slushy ice at the edge and gray froth . the man lean down and push ice away and scoops up a hand full of gray water . he run it through the boy 's hair to wash it and the boy flinch with cold . he rub more icy water into the boy 's hair , roughly , quickly , with a sense of panic as he helplessly try to - wash out lump of flesh and blood . the boy be weep silently and shiver from the extreme cold as the man pick out the dry gore and wash the hair clean . man . it 's no use cry . you have to talk to I . he take the blanket and dry the boy 's hair as he talk . man . ( cont 'd ) I be not go to let anything happen to you ... I be go to take care of you ... I be always go to try and be here for you ... and I be go to kill anybody who touch you . he smooth the boy 's hair down with shaking finger , clumsily try to brush it out of he eye , a fatherly instinct to make the boy neat . man . ( cont 'd ) because that 's my job . do you understand ? when he 's through the man lift the boy 's thin arm , put a vest over he head , then a rag sweater , then he fold the boy into he parka , zip it up to the neck and kiss he on the top of the head . the man grab he knapsack , tip it upside down , rummages inside - it 's empty . man . ( cont 'd ) come on , we need to get the cart back . ext . embankment by tunnel exit - day approach the embankment , the man walk quickly and stealthily , wire , listen to the silence , strain to hear , sure he 's be watch . ( continued ) 22 . continued : the boy stumble along behind , slower , fatigue , makingthe man anxious . the man leave the boy hide : man ( whisper . ) wait here . he start to climb the embankment and hear : little run footstep as the boy come after he , he turn to face the boy urgently , exasperate . man ( whisper . ) ( cont 'd ) no I need you to wait . I will hear you if you call . I will just be a little way and I will be able to hear you if you get scared and you call I and I will come right away . he walk off but hear ... the little boy 's footstep run after he again - he turn around . man . I say wait ! the boy 's face crinkle up and a tear roll down . man . ( cont 'd ) stop it . I need you to do what I say . take the gun . the boy freeze , refuse to take the gun . man . ( cont 'd ) just take it will you ? the boy shake he head . man . ( cont 'd ) we do not have time for this . we need we food . what 's leave . the man shove the gun into the boy 's hand . man . ( cont 'd ) do not argue . he creep up the embankment . the boy just stare at the revolver . ext . turnpike road - day the man search for the cart . he come to where they would leave it in between the abandon car . ( continued ) 23 . continued : they backpack lie open on the ground , next to the cart on it 's side , it 's content spill out , mostly plunder , just a few child 's book and toy , old pot and pan , shoe and rag clothing remain . nearby be the remain of a large campfire in the middle of the turnpike . the man collect up the few remain possession and put they into the backpack . Pov man - he see char billet of wood , ash and ... the bone of the shot road gang member . nearby be a pool of he blood and gut , still gently steaming , the head decapitate and roll under a car . he nudge the bone with the toe of he shoe . ext . embankment by the turnpike - day below , down the embankment the boy be wait obediently with the gun . the man head back to the boy , try to think what to say . the boy hand the gun back and take the man 's hand and they walk away into the wood , the man tucking the gun back into he belt . man . let 's get out of here . the freeway 's too dangerous . find the back road . boy . okay . int . clapboard house - night flashback - now the house be in considerable disrepair , no furniture , the skirt board fall away , large crack in the wall , cornice and lamp fitting pull away from the ceiling , water mark from rain , the window cover with corrugate iron sheet . the man and the woman be sit across from each other with a lamp illuminate the dark . between they lie the revolver see earlier . the woman pick up the gun and swing open the magazine . there be two bullet in it , she take they out and place they on the table , one after the other . woman . that 's all that 's leave . I should have do it when there be more bullet in the gun . the man shut he eye , unable to take it . in the corner , the boy be stand in the background , draw on the wall . ( continued ) 24 . continued : woman . ( cont 'd ) sooner or later - no listen - they will catch up with we and they will kill we . they will rape I - man . no - woman . and they will rape he man . please no - just - no woman . they be go to rape we and kill we and eat we and you will not face it . you would rather wait for it to happen . man . please . woman . stop it . man . I will do anything . woman . such as what ? she pick up the revolver and put the two bullet into the chamber . woman . ( cont 'd ) I think about not even tell you . just do it . I would empty every godamn bullet into my brain and leave you with nothing . man . do not say that . do not talk this way . woman . there 's nothing leave to talk about ... my heart be rip out of I the night he be bear ... ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) man . please do not do this . I will not let anything happen . we will survive . woman . I do not want to survive ! I would take he with I if it be not for you . you know I would . why can not you face it ? man . will you listen ? you be talk crazy - woman . it 's not crazy and you know it . it 's the right thing to do . they glance at the boy . woman . ( cont 'd ) other family do it . she go to the boy , stroke he hair , kiss he , make a reassure display of be motherly . woman . ( cont 'd ) time for bed , there 's a good boy . she pick he up in she arm and carry he off to bed . end of flashback . ext . ravine / waterfall - day the thunder of a waterfall , the river disappear into space - the boy and the man stand stare up at the waterfall , 80 foot above , shroud in gray mist . a color spectrum be visible rise from the waterfall , like a rainbow - the boy be transfix , clutching the man 's arm for safety . boy . what be it ? the man look at the boy , surprised he 's talk again . man . it 's a waterfall . boy . look. color . ( continued ) 26 . continued : man . there use to be color everywhere . you do not remember . it be before you be bear . there use to be so many thning ... the boy approach the water 's edge , shallow and clear with gravel and pebble sparkling at the bottom . he scoops up some water , surprised that it seem clean . boy . look . it 's clear . man . do you want to go in ? boy . I do not know . man . sure you do . boy . be it okay ? man . just do not swallow any . the man unzip he parka and slip it to the ground . the boy eye the man , surprised - then do the same . ext . river / waterfall - day nake , pale , filthy dirty and shiver with cold , the boy frolic in the spray of the waterfall . the man watch he enjoy himself by the waterfall , clutching he shoulder , hopping up and down , he join he . ext . ravine / rockface - ( camp 6 ) - evening the man have strung the tarp against a rockface to make a shelter . he meticulously filter water through a rag into a pan . in the background , the waterfall can be hear rumbling . the boy have paint he face with crayon , draw a bizarre set of fang and drip blood around he mouth . the man study the boy 's paint face a moment . man . listen . that man back there ... there 's not many good guy leave , that 's all . we have to watch out for the bad guy . ( more ) ( continued ) 27 . continued : man . ( cont 'd ) and we have to talk . always . we have to just ... you know ... keep carry the fire ... boy . what fire ? man . the fire inside you . the boy be thoughtful a minute , and then : boy . be we still the good guy ? man . yes . we be still the good guy . boy . and we always will be no matter what happen ? he eye the boy uncertainly , unsure if he can promise this . man . always will be . yeah . the man go back to tie the tarp . ext . the river / valley - morning the man and the boy be trudging along , away from the waterfall now . man . we have to keep move . other people might be attract to the waterfall just like we be . we would not hear they come . they stop to look at a lake surround by fog down in the valley boy . do you think there could be fish in the lake ? man . no . there 's nothing in the lake . they move on . 28 . ext . back road - day they come around a bend in the road and immediately hear the roar of river rapid . up ahead they see a bridge with a jack - knife truck on it . ext . bridge - day they walk out onto the bridge over grey frothing water , and inspect the truck . the tyre be flat , the cab jamme against the railing . the trailer end have swing across the road , knock out the railing and lie with it 's last few foot hang over the side of the bridge , block the bridge off completely . ext . abandoned truck - day the man climb up onto the gas tank , wipe the glass and peer into the cab . he swing the door open and climb inside , pull the door shut behind . int . truck / cab - day he look around at discard detritus , old magazine and trash . he check behind the seat where there be a mattress on a bunk and call out . man . come up here . int . truck / cab - ( camp 7 ) - night snow continue to fall on the dusty windscreen . outside , all around snow fall , silently , cover the truck and the bridge , transform it . they be both still awake , unable to sleep , stare at the transformed world , carpete by snow . boy . I be hungry . man . I know . so be i. boy . can I ask you something ? man . of course . boy . be we go to die ? ( continued ) 29 . continued : man . no. sometime . not now . boy . and we be still go south ? man . yes . boy . so we will be warm ? man . yes . boy . and there might be food there ? man . everything depend on reach the coast . boy . okay . the man draw a blanket around he and kiss he goodnight , it be now pitch black . man . go to sleep . boy . I wish I be with my mom . they be silent a moment , until : man . you mean you wish you be dead . boy . yeah . man . you must not say that . it 's a bad thing to say . boy . I can not help it . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 2 ) man . I know but you have to . you have to stop think about she . we both do . boy . how do I do that ? the man be silent , lose in think . ext . truck / cab - ( camp 7 ) early hour the man get down from the cab and walk a few foot in the dark and snow . he cough a bit , take a few breath of air , and walk away from the truck , vanish into the mist . ext . camp / road - ( camp 7 ) - early hour the man be alone now by the road . he take out he wallet and sift through : money , ancient card , driver 's license and a picture of himself and the woman on they wedding day , which he study a moment sadly . man . ( v.0 . ) she be go , and the coldness of it be she final gift ... she die somewhere in the dark ... there be no other tale to tell . he lay everything out on the grey slushy ground , then fling the wallet into the river and walk back to camp , leave the photo and card to blow away . ext . clapboard house / yard - night flashback - the woman kiss the man . man . will you tell he goodbye ? woman . no. I will not . I can not . man . will you at least wait till morning ? stay with I through the night . woman . no . I have to go now . they kiss again , she turn and walk away out of the yard . ( continued ) 31 . continued : man . what be I go to tell he ? what be we go to do without you ? woman . you should move south . you will not survive another winter here . the man follow a few step and she stop and turn to he . man . why will not you help I ? woman . I can not help you . do not you understand ? this be how I be help you . man . where be you go to go ? you can not even see . woman . I do not need to see . man . I be begging you . woman . please do not . please . the man stare . she go , vanish into the darkness . end of flashback . ext . CITY limit - dusk the man stare . in the distance , a dead city . ext . overpass / CITY limit - evening the man and the boy approach the edge of the city . up ahead a cluster of three tall building , a dozen or so floor of concrete and glass , the upper floor of one illuminate by the flicker fire glow of candle light inside . the man stop and stare and the boy follow he gaze . in one of the illuminate window a silhouette figure stare back at they , somebody in the building . in another window another silhouette figure be stare out , motionless , they could be refugee , cannibal or more mummify dead for all we know . ( continued ) 32 . continued : boy . who be they , papa ? man . I do not know . boy . what if it 's more bad guy ? man . it will not be more bad guy . do not worry . stay close . he take hold of the gun and they walk in a different direction now , give the high rise a wide berth . man . ( cont 'd ) keep low . we will be okay . when they get to the end of the block they stop and the man check around the corner before they cross the street . in the distance three man appear , emaciate , slow -move . they step forward , stop and watch the boy and the man . ext . outskirt / CITY - day the man , now carry the revolver , and the boy head off down a railway track that lead away from the city . ext . country railway line - day in the country , along the railway , they see past a small road to a once grand house on a rise . it be tall and stately with white doric column across the front and a gravel drive that curve up from the road through a field of dead , foot long grass . they stand there stare at it , the boy still hold the man 's hand . the man listen - nothing but the wind in the dead bracken , a creak of a door or shutter rattling . man . I think we should take a look . boy . I be scared . man . there 's nothing to be scared of . ext . driveway / stately home the man set off up the drive . he stop and face the boy who be roote to the spot . ( continued ) 33 . continued : man . you want to stay here ? boy . no . the boy join he and they set off slowly up the drive , through patch of melting snow . there be a tall dead privet fence with a desert birdsnest in it . ext . porch / stately home - day they climb the step to the porch , the boy clutching the man 's hand . they notice a window be slightly open . the man go to it , open the window wide , look inside . int . foyer / stately home - day they climb through the window onto black and white marble tile and the man carefully shut the window a little so it 's the same as when he find it . they regard the room , binocular set up on a tripod sit next to a arm chair . a elaborate staircase in front of they , William Morris wall paper , water stain and sagging , plaster molding and cornice sagging from the ceiling . they cross back to the other side where there be a great hall of a draw room , high ceiling , huge fire place with raw brick around it where the wood have be stripped , a pile of warm - weather clothing , boot and backpack on the floor by the hearth . boy . papa ? man . shh . int . kitchen / stately home - day they creep in and find blacken pot and pan , a cord with a bell for servant , trash pile on the floor and work top , a rusted sink cover in mould , bare cupboard . in the floor be a hatch with a lock set in a steel plate . the man examine it while the boy tug at he arm , frighten . boy . papa , let 's go . man . there 's a reason this be lock . ( continued ) 34 . continued : the boy be now panicky , hopping about , close to tear . boy . do not open it - do not ! man . I need something to pry it open . boy . no ! the man go out abruptly and the boy follow , wring he hand in fear . ext . back garden / stately home - day the man come out the back door with he revolver draw , look around and see a old station wagon with flat tyre on the dead grass . beside it be a 40 gallon cauldron on the blacken remnant of a fire . there be also a wooden smoke house with thin wisp of smoke come off it . the man study it nervously , sniff the air , then go to the tool shed and start sorting through tool . he find a long handle spade and heft it in he hand . int . kitchen / stately home - day the spade chop into the wood around the lock on the hatch . the man hack away , then prize up the hatch , lock and all , revealing a gap of darkness . boy . papa ... man . listen to I . just stop it . we be starve . do you understand ? I have to do this . I do not have any choice . the man open the hatch fully and lie it on the floor . man . ( cont 'd ) just wait here . boy . I be go with you . man . okay . just stay close to I . nothing 's go to happen . ( continued ) 35 . continued : they descend the rough wooden step . int . cellar / stately home - day there be a terrible stench and they have to cover they mouth and nose with they parkas . the man get out he lighter , light it and try to light the way . Pov man - blackness except the small area illuminate by the lighter as the man search : part of a stone wall ; then a clay floor ; a old mattress with dark stain . the glow of the flame crawl across the floor to a corner as the man step closer , then play the lighter along from the corner to reveal : huddle against the wall , all try to hide , shield they shine eye from the light , naked men and women , thin as skeleton like inmate in a death camp . the boy jump , shocked and the man freeze , stare , dumb strike by : on a mattress on the floor lie a naked man with he leg go to the hip , they stump blacken and burn , cauterize . the boy cover he eye . man . Jesus ... the man on the mattress turn to they and whisper , a low indistinct murmur at first . man on mattress . help we ... please help we ... man . Christ ... oh Christ ... the other join in , a eerie chorus of whispering , " help we ... please help we ... " the man turn and grab the boy and rush for the step . man . ( cont 'd ) hurry ... go ... move ! the man drop the lighter as he try to push the boy up the step . out of nowhere a beard face appear at the foot of the stair , blink . beard face . please ... they be take we to the smoke house . ( continued ) 36 . continued : the beard face reach out and feebly try to grab the man 's arm but he break free and concentrate on get the boy up the step , follow in a blind panic , fumble and miss he foot . man . hurry - hurry ! they scramble up the step towards the light of the hatch as the beard face reach out and try one last time to grab at the man 's foot but he kick free . int . kitchen / stately home - day the man scramble out , slam the door shut and drag a solid table over the door . he look around for the boy . man . Christ . run ! the boy be near the window , dance up and down in terror , point out the window to : ext . field - day come up the path toward the house be four beard men and two women , all suspiciously well feed and healthy - look . one of the men hold hand with one of the women , as if they be return from a stroll before dinner . int . kitchen / stately home - day the man stare a moment , freeze with horror , then grab the boy by the hand and jerk he away . man . run. run! int . foyer / stately home - day they tear through to the front door , the man fumble to get it open but it have a well - maintain deadlock on it . he stare out the window next to the door and see : Pov man - the well -fed people be climb the step of the porch . the man grab the boy and they rush through into kitchen . int . kitchen / stately home - day in the kitchen the hatch be be lift from underneath and the table elevate inch . they rush back out again . 37 . int . foyer / stately home - day as they reach the stair , a key turn in the lock and the man pick up the boy in he arm and they sprint to a door under the stair . as they get through the door the front door swing open and the well -fed people drift inside . int . rest room - day they be in a small rest room under the stair , just a toilet and a basin . the boy 's face be level with the basin and while the man be hold the door shut the boy come face to face with the content of the basin : Pov boy - bloodstain clothing soaking in bloody water and tallow in the basin . around the basin be bloody red hand print on the white porcelain . Pov man - through a thin crack he see the well -fed people on the far side of the foyer , chat casually . he be not close enough to hear everything they say , but close enough to see that the men 's beard be trim and they wear well - repair clothes . well fed woman . I be go to freshen up . beard man . I need a drink . well fed woman 2. I be go up to change . he hear one of the women stomping across the old floorboard and up the stair to change while the other woman take a few step towards the rest room , then turn back towards the window as the conversation lurch on . beard man 2. who leave this window open ? well fed woman . I leave it open for the smell . beard man 2. what smell ? well fed woman . you do not smell it anymore ? beard man . who want a drink ? ( continued ) 38 . continued : they hear the sound of the window be close and latched . as all this go on , the man be freeze , eye wide with fear , he slip the pistol from he belt , cock it and squat on he haunch so he 's close to the boy , desperate , unable to decide what to do , unable to think straight with fear . the boy be stare from the door to the pistol to the bloody basin as if hypnotise , in shock , babbling somewhat . boy . ( mumbling , to self . ) bad guy ... bad man ... man . shh , shh ... there be foot step outside the door as the well fed people drift closer and then away again . the man start to cough but he have the revolver in one hand and the boy 's hand in he other . the man try to stifle he cough but can not . then the boy notice and hold he own small hand to the man 's mouth , stifling he cough as the talk go on outside : well fed woman . will you help I with the dirty dish ? beard man 2. I be hungry . as the cough subside a little the man take the boy 's hand from he mouth and push the revolver into it . man . take it . the boy try to resist , shaking he head , terrify , mute . man . ( whisper . ) ( cont 'd ) take it . the man put he leave arm around the boy 's tiny , thin shoulder and hold he close . man . ( whisper . ) ( cont 'd ) do not be afraid . if they get hold of you , you be go to have to do it just like everybody else . do you understand ? shh. no cry . do you hear I ? the woman turn from the window and one of the beard men pour whiskey and hand she one . ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 2 ) the boy be weep and shaking he head as the man show he again what to do with the gun . man ( whisper . ) stop cry . you have to be a brave boy . you know how to do it . boy ( whisper . ) I think so . man ( whisper . ) say " yes I do papa . " he stare down at the little boy who just hold the gun feebly ... he realise the boy will not use it . after a moment of torturous contemplation , the man very gently take the gun from the boy 's hand and the boy sit forlornly , stare down at he hand , afraid to look at the man now . when the boy look up again he be stare down the barrel of the pistol , the man aim the large revolver at the boy 's forehead . boy . what be you do ? the man 's hand shake , he thumb tremble on the hammer as he cock it ... boy . ( cont 'd ) papa ? man . I be sorry . I be so sorry . boy . will I see you again ? when will I see you ? the man 's finger tremble on the trigger as he slowly squeeze it ... at that moment there 's a loud thump from the kitchen and the well fed people stop and listen , then rush through to the kitchen , and immediately there 's a commotion as they see the state of the hatch with the table over it . beard man 2 ( o.o.v . ) what the fuck do you think you be do ? huh ? what the fuck do you think you be do ...? well fed woman ( o.o.v . ) do not look at I like that . what be you do ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 3 ) the man gather he wit and open the door a crack . man . follow I , take my hand , do not let go . int . foyer / stately home - day the man burst out of the rest room with the boy and they make a dash for the open window . he stick he gun in he belt and wrestle with the window , a old colonial style frame which stick . from behind the close kitchen door they hear muffle grunt and shout until the man wrench the window open , stuff the boy through and follow . ext . porch / stately home - day the man pick the boy up and they rush down the step . ext . driveway / stately home - day they rush down the driveway and the man drag the boy through a gap in the dead privet hedge onto the road . ext . road - day they hesitate a moment on the road , decide . man . come on , keep run ! they rush across the road to the wood on the other side , the boy ahead as the man check behind they . the man look back towards the house and two of the well -fed people have come outside , look around suspiciously . he hit the ground and take the boy with he , they lie flat at the edge of the wood and the road . they be wildly out of breath , chest heaving , the man cough . man . ( cont 'd ) keep you head down . Pov man - the well -fed people walk a few step down the drive and a beard man look through binoculars at the road and the wood , but not directly at the man and the boy hide . the well fed people start look around the side of the house , walk away . the man and the boy get up , dash through the treeline and disappear into the wood . 41 . ext . wood - night .a dull moon hide in the ashen sky and the outline of tree as they set off through the wood , sleepy , stumbling like drunk now . they hear a hideous shriek in the distance , come from the house . they stop , hearing another shriek and a man' scream . the man hold the boy close and try to cover the boy 's ear as they stare and wait for - it to pass . man . we will be safe soon . boy . they be go to eat that people be not they , papa ? the man do not answer . ext . sear department store / shopping mall - night they be back in the city , trudging through the parking lot of a huge shopping mall , just outside what use to be sear department store . a dull moon hide in the ashen sky illuminate the ruin store front as the man look up at the mall , think . the boy be just stare into space , still in shock . int . sear / mall - ( camp 8 ) - night the man and the boy have set up camp in the mall , outside the sear entrance . the man be building a big fire . the boy stare through the glass at the desert department store . nearby , strewn across the doorway be bunch and bundle of cash in note and coin ... the boy look closer and find expensive item of jewelry still in they box , looted from the store and discard . the boy sit , he look like he 's give up , and then : boy . papa ? papa , we would not ever eat anybody would we ? man . no . of course not . boy . no matter how hungry we be . even if we be starve ? ( continued ) 42 . continued : man . we be starve now . boy . because , because we be the good guy ? man . yes . boy . and we be carry the fire . man . yes . the man take the boy in he arm . in a moment the boy start blink sleepily and drift off to sleep and the man stroke the sleep boy 's hair and kiss he on the forehead . ext . supermarket / parking lot - day they walk through the parking lot until the come to a supermarket around the other side . a few old car in a trash strewn parking lot . the man head through the defunct automatic door . man . come on . there 's nobody here . int . supermarket - day the man and the boy trudge the empty aisle , only litter remain , the once brightly - color package strewn around , it 's content long since loot . in the empty gun section there be a deer 's head mount on the wall . the boy stop and stare , mesmerise while the man search the empty shelf for ammo , find only empty box . the man glimpsis a woman 's face stare dolefully from a aisle - a emaciate , dead beat scavenger watch they , vanish as quickly as she appear . on they way out they come to a pair of vend machine tip over , the soda loot , coin scattered around in the ash . the man sit beside one and feel inside the gut machine , eventually produce a single unopen can of coca cola . ( continued ) 43. continued : boy ( excite . ) what be it , papa ? man . it 's a treat for you . here . sit down . he help the little boy off with he knapsack and sit he down and open the can of coke ceremoniously . the boy look startle and sniff the fizzing can as if it 's the strangest thing he 's ever see in he life . man . ( cont 'd ) go ahead . the boy take the can . boy . it 's bubbly . man . go ahead . drink it . the boy take a sip and consider . boy . it 's really good . you have some , papa . man . no . I want you to drink it . boy . but I want you to have some . the man reluctantly take the can and have a tiny sip , hand it back to the wary boy . boy . ( cont 'd ) it 's because I will never get to drink another one , be not it ? the man do not know what to say . ext . mall / parking lot - late afternoon they head out of the mall now towards the road , lifeless traffic light at the intersection , town house and apartment block on the other side of the road . the boy stop to listen , stare around , suddenly energise , bob on he toe . ( continued ) 44 . continued : man . what 's wrong with you ? boy . what be that ? man . I do not hear anything . boy . listen . man . I do not hear anything . they listen more until , very faintly we hear a dog bark in the distance . the boy turn around 180 degree to listen , alert with anticipation . man . ( cont 'd ) it 's a dog . boy . ( excite . ) a dog ! where do it come from ? man . I do not know . come on . the man walk across the road , past the apartment and the boy follow , bounce up and down , over - excited now . boy . we be not go to kill it be we papa ? man . what ? no , we be not go to kill it . why do you say that ? boy . you still get one bullet leave . man . we be not go to hurt the dog , I promise . we be not go to kill it and we be not go to eat it either . boy ( over excite , not frightened . ) maybe it will eat we ! ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 2 ) man . I doubt it very much . boy . can we look for it ? man . it 's go , okay ? ext . suburb - day they trudge through the suburb on the edge of the city , past what use to be the local ball park , now barren , dead , a vast flat expanse of ash and crack , scorched earth , forlorn stand and bleacher blacken by ash and soot . boy . what be it ? man . I use to watch the ball game here with my father . ext . suburban STREET - day they walk up a once tree -line suburban street , barren now , ash and dust layer what use to be front lawn , post box , picket fence , porch , crazy pave . the man stop outside a typical , suburban clapboard house with a dead , crack yard where the lawn use to be and a bare flag pole . the boy eye the man enquiringly . boy . what be this place , papa ? man . it 's the house where I grow up . they go up to the house - clapboard have be remove for firewood leave stud and insulation expose . the boy stop , reluctant to go further , and the man take a few more step then turn around to check on he . man . ( cont 'd ) you come ? boy . I do not want to . man . do not you want to see where I grow up ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : boy . there might be somebody in there . man . there 's nobody there now . the man take the boy 's hand and they approach a basketball hoop by the garage . the man be momentarily overcome with emotion as he recall the detail , but it do not mean much to the boy . after a moment the man go up the step - frighten , but horribly compel at the same time . the boy follow nervously . boy . I be scared . man . we have get to find something to eat . boy . I be not hungry . I be not ! the man take he revolver from he belt and approach the front door , warily push it open . man . we will be all right . come on . he go through the front door - the boy stay where he be , rigid with fear . the boy notice a stuff toy dog in the window , stare out at the garden and he curiosity take over . the boy go inside carefully . int . dine room / home - evening the pine panell be stripped from the wall , there be some break furniture but much have be take for firewood . they go over to the fireplace and the man examine it . he run he finger along the mantle where there be a old draw pin still stick in the wood , nostalgia overcome he fear . man . this be where we use to have Christmas when I be a boy . we would hang we stocking right here . the man examine the yellow tile surround . the boy watch the man as if he 's go mad . ( continued ) 47 . continued : man . ( cont 'd ) my mother scrubbed this every day . it 's still spotless . much of the woodwork and the floorboard have be stripped and take for firewood - there be gape hole . by the fireplace be a small pile of bone - and -- in the grid be more burnt bone and the skull from the family cat . the man take it all in sadly but the boy be unmove . boy . papa ? I do not think we should do this . man . you want to wait outside ? the boy nod vigorously . man . ( cont 'd ) all right . he take the boy 's hand and lead he out . ext . porch / home - day the come out onto the porch . man . sit here on the stoop and do not go away . the boy sit quietly and the man go back inside . after a moment he start go through he knapsack , less afraid now . int . old house - day the floorboard creak horribly , swollen from rain or rip up , as he creep into the live room . the timber cladd be stripped from the wall , the ceiling plaster be collapse , beam expose . the man pad through to the kitchen . int . kitchen / old house - day the kitchen be similarly dilapidate , the cupboard stripped bare . on a shelf by the window be dusty jar of fruit , preserve . he grab a jar , prize open the lid and find a a oily slick of black mucus float in the top , like rotted mushroom spore . he sniff it suspiciously , hold it up to the light . ( continued ) 48 . continued : in the light small black fish hook - shape spore drift from the top of the jar to the bottom . he replace the lid , appal . ext . porch / old house - day the boy be sit on the step of the porch draw with crayon on a pad take from he knapsack . across the road be another big old house , much of the clapboard miss , swathed in dead bramble - the boy suddenly look up and stare at it , distract . ext . back yard - day the man come outside and regards the deaden yard , old garden hoe and spade , gardening equipment and several dead apple tree . he go over and examine the ashen ground and dig about to unearth several small , dark brown , shrivel sphere space several foot apart - apple . he bend down and pick one up , examine , sniff . he gather up the strange apple and stuff they in he pocket . ext . porch / old house - day the boy be still stare at the house across the road when he notice a ghostly face , completely still , in a window . the boy drop the pad and crayon and stand , surprised , not believe he eye - it be the face of a SMALL boy roughly he age , which disappear almost immediately , recede back into the gloom like a ghost . int . pantry / clapboard house - day the man be in the loot pantry . he find some shrivel raisin that have spilt and hide in the back of the shelf . he put they into a handkerchief , fold it and pocket it . he hear : boy . ( o.o.v . ) stop - stop ! the man freeze , then charge out . ext . porch / clapboard house - day the man rush out and stare about frantically for the boy - he 's go . ext . house opposite - day the boy have run across the road to another house . ( continued ) 49 . continued : Pov boy - peeping around the side of the house be the other SMALL boy , the same age , similarly grimy and thin , wear a outsize woollen coat . the other SMALL boy disappear down the side and the boy run after he . boy . wait ! come back ! I will not hurt you ! ext . back yard - day the boy run to the bottom of the yard where there be various suburban garden detritus , a dusty lawn mower , a clothes line , a shed , bike with no tyre . boy . where be you ?! the man come sprinting up the side of the house and seize he by the arm . man . what be you do ? what the hell be you do ? boy . there 's a little boy , papa , I see a little boy . man . there 's no little boy . what 's the matter with you ? boy . yes there be ! I see he ! a boy just like I . the man take the boy by the arm and drag he back through the yard , up the side of the house , the boy resisting , cry and look back all the way . boy . ( cont 'd ) why ? why can not I go and see he ? ext . house - day out the front of the house the boy dig he heel in and the man have to drag he , he foot slithering through the dirt . boy . I need to see he ! I need to ! ( continued ) 50 . continued : man . why ? boy . I just do ! the boy have go limp , weep bitterly , resisting be move . the man give up and squat beside the sobbing boy . man . okay , I be sorry . I understand . he hold he , wipe he tear from he cheek . ext . town STREET / overpass - evening in the fail light they come across a late model chevy abandon under a overpass . boy . papa ? will there be other boy like I at the coast ? man . I hope so . the man go to the car , wipe thick dust from the windscreen and peer in - it 's empty . int . chevy - ( camp 9 ) - night they try to get comfortable in the leather seat , the man spread the blanket over they and tucking the boy in . they be quiet a moment as they watch darkness start to fall . then : man . I get you something the man produce from he pocket one of the tiny hard brown apple and hold it up to the remain light . boy . what be it ? man . it 's a apple . ( continued ) 51 . continued : he hand it to the boy who examine it curiously . the man take out a pocket knife , take the apple back , cut the apple in half to reveal a woody brown interior . they regard the mahogany apple uncertainly , the man be the first to take a bite , with some difficulty . the boy bite he half and make a face . man . ( cont 'd ) suck it a while and it will soften . they sit suck and chew the ancient apple . boy . do you ever have any friend ? the man eye the boy - curious at the sudden question . man . yes . I do . boy . lot of they ? man . yes ... boy . do you remember they ? man . yes . I remember all of they ... boy . what happen to they ? man . they die . boy . all of they ? man . yes . all of they . ext . urban environ ( montage ) day the man and the boy make they way out of the ruin city . ( continued ) 52 . continued : man . ( v.0 . ) he yearn for he own friend and imagine how thing will be different at the coast - and that there will be other child there ... . when I have nothing else , I try to dream the dream of a child 's imaginings ... ext . desolate road - day the man and boy walk along a desolate road in what be once farmland , grain silo loom ominously , still stand . boy . do you know where we be papa ? man . I think we be about two hundred mile from the coast . as the crow fly . boy . " as the crow fly ? " man . it mean , go in a straight line . Pov man - in the background , something catch he eye and he focus on : a frieze of human head , dry with taut grin and shrunken eye , perch on wooden pole . some be tattooe with target and runic slogan . some be skinless , with sign and word ink onto they . one have suture mark etched on it , like a blue print for assembly . boy . there be not any crow be there ? just in book . man . yeah , just in book ... the man stare at the head as the boy continue he conversation , distract and not see the head . boy . do you think there might be crow somewhere ? ( continued ) 53. continued : man . I do not know ... boy . but what do you think ? man . I think it 's unlikely ... they keep walk and talk , the man grim -face but the boy intent on what 's ahead . boy . could they fly to Mars or some place ? man . no , they could not fly to Mars ... boy . because it 's too far ? man . yes . the man discretely hurry the boy on with a guide hand towards the wood and off the road . boy . what if they try and - and - and they just get halfway or something and then they be too tired ? would they fall back down ...? ext . edge of wood - evening on the edge of the wood the man and the boy stop to examine footprint in the snow . the man listen and hear : the low thudding of bull drum in the distance . he look at the exhaust boy a moment . man . we can not go back on the road . boy . why , papa ? man . I think someone 's come . ( continued ) 54 . continued : the boy stare at the track . the man stare in both direction , examine the road in the distance . he move a few pace and notice tie to a dead sapling a thin red neckerchief . he take a few step and through a gap in the tree see a clear - snow and a mass of blood red footprint , the icy snow stain blood red like a sorbet . a kill floor . boy . will they see we track ? man . we will cover they . the man move the boy away and kick snow over they track - then lay fresh one go in several different direction . the boy copy he , leave he own maze of track . they run off keep parallel with the road but stay off it . Pov man - in the distance two figure appear on the road . man . ( cont 'd ) here they come . the man now look over he shoulder for a good look , then grab the boy 's hand and take off . ext . high ground - evening two men come prowling on the road , they be militant from some sort of army , wear the same red neckerchief and carry weapon , search , predatory . wider - we see that only 30 foot away , conceal amongst the tree , the man and boy be crouch in blanket , watch . the two militant stop and look around , as if they sense the boy and the man - who freeze , frighten to breathe . the militant sniff the air menacingly . one of they walk over to a stone by the side of the road , lean down and start sharpen he lance , make from a the straighten coil spring of a car . the man and the boy watch - wide - eye . eventually the militant walk off up the road . boy . what be we go to do ? no answer . 55 . ext . deep in the wood - ( camp 10 ) - evening there be a thick carpet of gray snow . the man lay out a tarp on the ground and blanket on top . out of the murky sky more gray snow be fall . the man be distract by a sudden noise , the loud crack of sheering wood - this time very close . he look around just as : out of nowhere a tree branch sail down , barely miss they , landing with a heavy whump just foot away . man . move ! quickly ! he try to get the boy to he foot but he be limp , stare around blearily , exhaust . they hear another loud whump . then the groan of timber and another whump as tree start to keel over around they . the man grab the boy and run as best he can through the snow and fall tree . they have abandon they blanket , tarp and backpack . boy . what 's happen ? man . just keep move , run ! they rush through the wood as more and more tree fall one after the other , whump , whump , whump , great load of snow fall from limb to the ground with a boom , set the wood shudder . the boy be get bog in the snow and the man stoops and scoops up the boy and they cram themselves under a fat fall tree to shield themselves . ext . sewer pipe / embankment , snowdrift - ( camp 11 ) - night they be huddle inside a huge sewer pipe , shelter . the boy be wrap up inside the man 's coat , wet and shiver , wide awake , nerve shred , too anxious to lie down and sleep now . the man boil water in a car hubcab . he take from he pocket the handkerchief fill with raisin , offer they . boy . that 's all there be , be not it ? ( continued ) 56 continued : man . yes . boy . there 's nothing leave anywhere . man . no . they sit eat raisin , say nothing until they be finish . boy . can I ask you something ? man . sure . boy . be we go to die now ? the man just look at the boy , then look away . man . what do you think be go to happen ? we be just go to suddenly keel over and die ? it take a long time to die of starvation . the important thing be water to stop you dehydrate . we have get water . we will be all right . ext . outskirt of town - morning snow in farmland , in the background a rowoffallen and crumpled high tension electrical tower . atownin the far distance ahead of the boy and the man . the boyis hunch over with a hunger cramp . they be both wetandshivering . the man eye the boy anxiously . ext . patio / town house - day the man stand on the back patio of a house on the edge of town , the boy at he side , field stretch out before they , the land flatten and dead , ravage fence run the perimeter . in the yard be a few dead tree , a fence , a metal tool shed , a old barbecue on the patio make from a 44 gallon drum . the man slide the patio door open and peer inside gingerly . 57 . int . bedroom / town house - day the man be in the bedroom look around for useful thing - it have be stripped , the wooden frame go from the window , the bureau ransacke and chop up - only a summer dress on a wire hanger on the back of the door remain . he glance at empty drawer on the floor and a cupboard before turn he attention to the bed . he blink and sway a moment , try to focus on : Pov man - underneath the filthy , dusty blanket a thin , dry head poke out , the blanket pull up to the chin . on the pillow be long hunk of rotted hair . man . ( v.0 . ) every day be a lie . but I be slowly die . that be not a lie . I be try to prepare he for the day when I be go . he take hold of the lower hem of the blanket and tow it off the bed , revealing a desiccate corpse . he ignore it , shaking the blanket out and fold it under he arm . he notice the boy at he side , watch wide - eye . man . ( cont 'd ) nothing you have not see before . they go out . int . kitchen / town house - day the man open and shut empty cupboard , slamm the door , increasingly desperate , close to tear of frustration now . eventually he feel dizzy and have to sit on the floor . he just sit there , alone on the kitchen floor , clenching and unclench he fist , he head in he hand , when he hear : boy . ( o.o.v . ) papa ! the man draw he pistol and go out , alert again . int . town house - day the boy be stare at himself in a dusty , flyblown full length mirror . as the man come in he see the boy 's reflection and he own and jump . boy . it 's we . ( continued ) 58 . continued : the boy stare at he reflection - he look like a alien , skinny with giant stare eye on shaky leg . boy . ( cont 'd ) we look skinny . man . we be skinny . the man put the blanket around the boy 's shoulder . he notice a old upright piano , cover in ash and dust . the boy stare as he go to it , lift the lid and play a chord . the boy 's eye light up and he be magnetize , instantly come over and wait for the next note . the man play another chord . boy . what be it ? man . it 's a piano . boy . what 's it for ? man . for make music . this ... ( he plays . ) be music . you mother play very well . boy . I do not remember . man . before you be bear . we have one just like it . it be beautiful . boy . what happen to it ? man . chopped it up for firewood . he stare into space , slump suddenly , overcome with emotion as he remember : int . clapboard house - day flashback - just the man and the pregnant woman alone in the house , just before the boy be bear . some of the furniture have be break up for firewood - there be break piece by the fire and a huge axe propped on the hearth . ( continued ) 59 . continued : the woman stand at the piano and try to play . she play for a moment and the man crack a rare smile - the piano be out of tune and she stop . she play a bit more but soon start to bang the key atonally in frustration . the man just let she get on with it until she 's spend . woman . I use to worry what would happen if there be a fire . what would I save ? what could I bear to lose ? there use to be so many thing , so many beautiful thing . thing people make . thing nature make . who know we would lose it all ? man . I will strip the floorboard . woman . you can not live without a floor . man . you can not live without a piano . she start to dismantle the piano , open the lid , take it off it 's hinge , it 's heavy , she hand he the heavy lid and he reluctantly dump it on the floor . woman . it 's my piano . man . I buy it for you . woman . it need tuning . who 's go to tune it ? can you tune it ? they look at each other sadly . they take the front piece away and dump that . the woman pick up the axe and hand it to the man . he swing it at the frame . end of flashback . ext . yard - day the man walk toward a tin shed and cross the dead grass . he stop suddenly . he stamp about a bit , listen . he continue on into the shed . beside the shed sit a industrial garden trolley . the man reappear , spade in hand . he dig the spade into the dead grass and hear 's it chomp into wood . he dig more urgently , increasingly exhaust , until a door be reveal in the dirt . ( continued ) 60 . continued : he be so engross he have not notice the boy stand a few foot away , watch with saucer eye , scared . boy . do not open it , papa . man . it will be okay . boy . please , papa , please . man . it 's okay . boy . no it 's not ! what if there 's people hide down there ? the man ignore he , focuss as he chop the plywood around the lock , get the spade under a corner and lever the door open . the boy have he fist bunched up to he chest , bob up and down with fear . the man start to descend a hand make wooden stair case in the bunker . he take another disposable lighter from he pocket , give the child a kiss on the forehead and then disappear into the bunker , leave the worried boy stare after he . the boy look around at the desert yard as the evening draw in , now even more frighten . man . ( o.o.v . ) oh my God ... oh my God ! boy . what be it , papa ? man ( o.o.v . ) come down . oh my God come down . the boy be in the hole and down the step like lightning . int . bunker - ( camp 12 ) - evening the little boy clatter down the step . the man be busy lighting up candle . boy . papa ? what do you find ? man . everything . I find everything . ( continued ) 61 . continued : store in the bunker be crate upon crate of can goods : tomato , peach , bean , apricot , can ham , corn beef , hundred of gallon of water in ferry can and in box paper towel , toilet paper and trash bag stuff with blanket . the man take the boy 's hand and help he down , then go back up the step and draw the door shut and jam a pair of metal plier through the heavy inside hasp to stop the door be open . he go back down the step to the boy and hold up a candle to illuminate the shelf . man . ( cont 'd ) can you see ? boy . what be all this stuff ? man . it 's food ! can you read the label ? the boy stare at the brightly color package , he 's never see anything like it before . the man hand the boy a tin . boy . " pear . " it say " pear . " man . yes ! it do ! oh yes it do ! pear ! they inspect the shelf : chilli , corn , stew , soup , spaghetti sauce , the boy 's eye be like saucer . boy . be it real ? man . oh yes , it 's real all right . the man pull a box of butane lighter from the shelf and test one , it do not work . he test another which work , it have a large flame - he use it to read the label . boy . why be it here ? man . because someone think it might be need . boy . but they die . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) man . yes . what would you like for breakfast ? boy . ( thinks . ) pear . man . pear it be . the man claw open a box and pull out a tin of pear . he get paper bowl from a stack , plastic fork and spoon , lay they out . he find a camp lamp . he put a butane cannister in and light up the lamp . he find a can opener and open the pear while the boy watch silently , wrapping a blanket around himself and sit on the soft bunk bed . boy . be it okay for we to take it ? man . they would want we to . the man dish up two bowl of pear and they sit side by side on the bunk with spoon and pear . man . ( cont 'd ) this will be the best pear you ever taste . the best . you just wait . they eat in silence . they lick the spoon and drink the syrup from the bowl . the man feel inside he mouth with he finger - the sugar irritate a sore tooth . man . ( cont 'd ) too sweet . the boy smile , amused , and the man open another tin . int . bunker - ( camp 12 ) - evening Ham and powder egg fry in a pan on the camp stove . the kettle be boil on another ring of the gas stove . the boy just stare at the bubbling food as the man cook . nearby a breakfast table be set out on a stack of box act as a breakfast bar : biscuit , a plate of butter , condense milk , salt and pepper plate and utensil . ( continued ) 63. continued : the man bring the pan over and fork over chunks of ham onto the pate , then spoonsfull of scramble egg from a second pan , then baked bean from a small pot . the boy just stare , as if drugge , uncomprehend , the food alien to he . man . go ahead . do not let it get cold . boy . what do I eat first ? man . whatever you like . the boy eat a hunk of ham as the man pour coffee . boy . be this coffee ? man . that 's right . careful it 's hot . he hand he coffee . boy . we do good , do not we papa ? man . yeah , we do good . int . bunker - ( camp 12 ) - night the man put the boy to bed in a bunk and smooth he filthy hair tenderly , smile with relief , until the boy shut he eye and nod off . he cover the boy with a blanket and kiss he . he just sit watch the boy sleep , suddenly on the verge of tear . int . bunker - ( camp 12 ) - night the man fold the boy 's tiny clothes , notice the bulg pocket of he pants . he empty they , create a small pile of collect artefact : a smooth stone , a marble , a old house key , bottle top , a smooth , hand make indian arrow head , fashioned from stone , lastly a break piece of a woman 's mother of pearl hair comb . by the boy 's bunk he unfold the crayon draw he 's be work on and examine it , deeply move : ( continued ) 64 . continued : Pov man - a eccentric , childlike draw of the woman , skinny like a stick figure but , inexplicably , with a brightly smile face and big laugh eye , label simply " mom " in spidery scrawl . stir classical music fade up and into : int . theatre - evening flashback - Close in on a pair of legs in stocking , a summer dress , a woman 's hand hold a man 's hand in she lap . the man feel the top of the stocking with he finger . wider - the man be with the woman in a concert theatre , at a recital . the woman wear the mother of pearl hair comb . the seat be velvet , gold scrollwork adorn the box , a illustrious , fortunate world . end of flashback . int . bunker - ( camp 12 ) - morning the boy wake blearily and immediately notice he collection of artefact turfed out by the bed . nearby the man be dress as the boy start gather up he collection crossly , especially protective of the arrow ahead - or just embarrassed . they look at each other . man . what ? boy . ( teasing but indignant . ) do not touch my stuff . ext . lawn - dawn the hatch open and the man 's face appear , as he look around . he open the hatch more and clamber out with a couple of jerry can of water , the yard be quiet . next , the boy 's face pop up and peer around . he clamber out carry a big pot with a camp stove in it . int . bathroom , town house - dawn they empty the jerry can into the huge pot , light the stove and put the pot on the stove to heat the water . 65 . int . bathroom , town house - dawn the boy be in the bath , filthy and scrawny , as the man bathes he , rub he with soap , scrubbing a oily film of scum from he dirty neck to reveal clean pale skin underneath . man . what do you think ? boy . Nice and warm . he wash the boy 's hair , lathing water over he with the pot . he have a sudden think : CUT to : int . bathroom / clapboard house - day flashback - the man watch unseen from the doorway as the woman tenderly wash the boy 's hair - he be perhaps a year young than at the start of the film - she appear lose in the task , enjoy it , chat away to the boy , momentarily unburdene . she stick a finger in the boy 's ear , give they a good soap , which he like . woman . you could grow potato in this ear ... int . bathroom , town house - day end flashback - now the man be in the tub , also scrawny and filthy , lose in think as he soap up - the boy help . int . bathroom , town house - day the man trim he beard off with scissors in a mirror . he lather up with shave cream and start to shave with a plastic safety razor . when the man be do he turn to the boy , wiping away the foam . man . how do I look ? boy . weird . wo not you be cold ? int . bathroom , town house - day now the man be cut the boy 's hair with kitchen scissors and a plastic comb . ( continued ) 66 . continued : the boy have a towel around he shoulder and long lock of hair decorate it . the man finish , take the towel off , wipe the boy 's neck and face with a flannel , hold up a mirror for the boy to see . boy . I look funny . int . bunker - ( camp 12 ) - morning they sit on the bunk bed with a checkerboard between they sip thick hot chocolate make with condense milk from plastic mug and concentrate on the board , they wear out , wet blue jeans drying on a drying rack in the back ground . they be both wear new sweater too big for they , plunder from the store . the man watch the boy fondly , absorb in checker . ext . lawn - night heavy rain slashes down on the lawn , already pool of water be flooding the lawn . int . bunker - ( camp 12 ) - night a shiny new quart of whiskey be slip from its paper liquor store bag and open with a soft crack . the whiskey be pour into a glass with a satisfy glug . wider - another feast be laid out , ham and powder mash potato and biscuit and gravy . the boy be eat while the man pour a whiskey . the boy stop eat to watch the man drink the whiskey . the man 's eye glaze as he sip the strong liquor , dizzy already . boy . can I try some ? man . no . you will not like it . make you feel funny . the boy stare , curious , want it . man . ( cont 'd ) you think I come from another world , do not you ? fill with all this strange thing you have never see . boy . sort of . ( continued ) 67 . continued : man . well , I do I guess . ext . lawn - evening the man just stand in the middle of the lawn coughing he gut up in the dark rain - again the phlemy wet cough . he bend over , sweat , listen , know it 's the sound of fluid on the lung . as he listen he hear something above the rain - he keep shifting position , as if hearing different sound from different direction . nevertheless he anxiously look around , then go to the porch and drag a old mattress over , across the dead grass to the hatch . he lay it half across the hatch , crawl through the remain gap and haul the mattress the rest of the way over the hatch , then pull the hatch close with the old mattress lie on top . it just look like a old mattress lie on a lawn in the rain . int . bunker - ( camp 12 ) - dawn the man listen to the patter of rain and hear another sound ... something or someone rustling around the mattress above . he hear the sound of the mattress be dragge off of the door . he hear scrabbling and scratching on the door and freeze , stare at the lock , wait for the inevitable ... he quietly pick up the revolver . he look across and see the boy be now wide awake too , stare , wide - eye . boy . what be it ? man . shh . boy ( whisper . ) maybe it 's a dog . man ( whisper . ) it 's not a dog . boy . ( barely managing to whisper . ) it be ! it 's a dog ! a dog ! the man listen anxiously as the paw and scratch continue , the wood over the bunker amplify the noise . he cock the revolver and position himself under the hatch , ready . ( continued ) 68 . continued : man . if it 's a dog it will be with someone . boy . who ? man . I do not know . after a torturous moment the sound die away . man . ( cont 'd ) I be not wait to find out . come on . let 's get out of here . boy . I do not want to go . man . I know but it 's not safe anymore . the man grab he gun and cock it , rush about turn out all the lamp , and they sit anxiously in the darkness . ext . lawn - morning later - it 's now lighter outside , the mattress lift as the man open the trap door and very carefully peep out . he look around , all angle , check the coast be clear , then shut the hatch again . int . bunker - ( camp 12 ) - morning the man start load can and packet into a carton . he gather a couple of large jerry can of water . the boy help . boy . what be we go to do with all this stuff ? man . we will just have to take what we can . boy . I wish we could live here . and we could keep the dog and the dog could catch food for we . ( continued ) 69 . continued : man . look , there be no dog , okay ? I be sorry but there just be not . boy . well what be it ! man . I do not know what it be ! boy . please papa . man . no . boy . just say it 's go to be all right , papa . say it . just say it , please . the man do not know what to say , lose patience . man . listen , trouble come when you least expect it . so maybe the thing to do be to just always expect it . boy . do you always expect it ? papa ? man . I do , yes . boy . you always think bad thing be go to happen but we find this place . maybe we will find another place like this at the coast . man . maybe . the man dump the carton of food on the floor and pack another , organise jerry can of water . ext . lawn - morning the industrial trolley be load up and tie with a grey tarp . ( continued ) 70 . continued : boy . what be you do ? man . we will have to cover we track from now on . the man drag the old mattress back over the entrance to the bunker . he carefully cover the surround area with debris . ext . river - day the man pull the new trolley across a bridge , stagnant black water underneath , the trolley be now laden with jerry can of fresh water and carton contain as many tin of food and supplies as they could manage . the boy trail along behind . they be a strange sight , clean clothed , clean shaven , short haire , in they new jumper - and now both wear new surgical mask which they raise off they face to speak . the man keep check behind he . Pov man - he see the glint of glass , perhaps a pair of binoculars watch they . the boy watch anxiously as the man get out he own binoculars and look through they . Pov man - a mysterious winking glint of light which quickly disappear . Pov - through a different pair of binocular , a completely different Pov , we see the man look through he binocular at we . man . I think they be follow we . boy . who ? man . I do not know . boy . you think it 's bad guy ? man . probably . boy . what if it 's good guy ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : man . I do not think we be likely to meet any good guy for a while . we have to be careful now . we have get food . ext . bend / the road - day as they round a bend in the road they see a hunch figure walk ahead of they . the man stop abruptly , get out the binocular and watch : Pov man - a distant , hunch figure hobbling away from they . ext . road - day they come up behind a old man , hunch over , withere , silent as he hobble ahead . he wear layer of tear clothing and he foot be wrap in rag and cardboard tie with green twine . they slowly approach and the man stop , turn and watch they suspiciously as they draw level . old man . I do not have anything for you . you can look if you want . I get nothing . man . we be not robber . the old man lean a ear forward , deaf . old man . what ? man . I say we be not robber . old man . what be you ? man . we be just like you . old man . what be you follow I for ? man . we be not follow you . boy . we have get food we could give he . ( continued ) 72 . continued : man . he 's not get any food . the old man look away , avoid they eye . boy . he 's scared , papa . man . everybody 's scared . boy . please papa . man . all right1 the man eye the road to the leave and right , then draw he revolver . man . ( cont 'd ) if this be a ambush , he go first . he go out to the trolley and rummages in it while the boy and the old man stare at each other . the man come back with a tin of fruit cocktail and a tin opener and open it and hand it to the boy . the boy place the tin of fruit on the road in front of the old man . boy . take it . here . the old man do not move . boy . ( cont 'd ) what about a spoon ? man . he 's not get a spoon . the boy urge he on , miming with he hand , as if feed a raccoon . boy . eat it . it 's good . the old man pick up the tin and he filthy long nail clatter on the tin as he tip it to he mouth , the juice run down he chin , he head jerk as he swallow . ( continued ) 73. continued : ( 2 ) boy . ( cont 'd ) look , papa . he 's hungry . man . I see it . and I know what you be go to ask I . and the answer be no . boy . what 's the question ? man . we can not keep he . they watch he eat painfully slowly . the old man finish and sit down in the road hold the tin , stare at it , as if it might refill . man . ( cont 'd ) when do you last eat ? the old man just stare . man . ( cont 'd ) do you want to eat with we ? old man . I do not know . what do I have to do ? man . tell we where the world go . old man . what ? man . you do not have to do anything . can you walk okay ? they help the old man off the road and hand he he cane but he push it away . old man . I can walk . they walk off the road towards the dead , blacken wood . ext . wood - day as they leave the road the old man study the boy . the boy go to take he hand : ( continued ) 74 . continued : man . ( to boy . ) do not hold he hand . boy . he can not see . man . do not . the trio walk into the wood . man . ( cont 'd ) how old be you ? old man . I be ninety . man . ninety my ass ! be that what you tell people ? so they do not hurt you ? old man . uh-huh . man . do it work ? old man . nope . man . what 's you name ? old man . ely . man . just " ely ? " old man . what 's wrong with " ely ? " ext . clearing / wood - ( camp 14 ) - evening there 's a camp fire now . the old man sit wrap in a quilt , eat with a spoon and - lick he plate clean . in the far distance , the faint glow of fire . the orange light bounce into the night sky eerily . ( continued ) 75 . continued : man . how come you be still alive ? what do you eat ? old man . I do not know . people give you thing . man . no they do not . old man . you do . man . I do not . he do . the old man eye the boy , closely , half blind . old man . be you a little boy ? man . what do he look like ? old man . I do not know . I can not see real good . man . be that right ? can you see I ? old man . no . but I can tell somebody 's there . man ( to boy . ) okay . you need to sleep . come on . he gather up the boy and take he a few foot away , settles he down in blanket while the old man stare into the fire . old man . I have a little boy once . go ... all go ... man . what happen to he ? ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 2 ) old man . I can not ... I can not talk about that ... leastway not with you I can not . when the man return he have he gun which he surreptitiously place on the ground in full view of the old man . man . you can see that , right ? okay . tell I now . you be not a shill for a pack of road agent ? old man . I be not anything . I will go if you want I to . I can find the road . the man stare at the old man cynically but the old man just stare back blankly . old man . ( cont 'd ) I live like a animal . you do not want to know the thing I have have to eat . when I see that boy I think I would die and he be a angel . I never think I would see a child again . I never think that would happen to I . man . he be a angel . to I he 's a God . old man . well I hope that 's not true . to be on the road with the last survive God would be a pretty frightening experience . man . why do you say that ? old man . where man can not live , god can not either . the road gang would tear you limb from limb , both of you . the low rumble in the earth be hear again , a earthquake , this time in the distance . they listen a moment . old man . ( cont 'd ) I know this be come . this or something like it . ( more ) ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 3 ) old man . ( cont 'd ) there be warning . people think it be a con - I always believe in it . man . do you try to get ready for it ? old man . no . what would you do ? even if you know what to do you would not know what to do . suppose you be the last man leave alive ? man . how would you know if you be the last man alive ? old man . I do not guess you would know it . you would just be it . man . maybe God would know . old man . if there be a God up there he would have turn he back on we by now . whoever make humanity will find no humanity here . the man pour hot water into mug to make coffee , hand one to the old man . they drink . man . do you ever wish you would die ? old man . no . it 's foolish to ask for luxury in time like this . ext . edge of wood - ( camp 14 ) - morning the boy and the old man be stand by the trolley . the man be watch from further away . the old man be fitting another can of peach the boy have give he into he knapsack . m you should thank he you know . I would not have give you anything . ( continued ) 78 . continued : old man . maybe I should and maybe I should not . I would not have give you anything . the old man look around , orientate himself , and go , tapping he cane , without a glance back at the boy or the man . the man give the boy a reproachful look and the boy look defiant for the first time , a new distance between they . boy . he 's go to die and you do not care . man . I care enough . maybe when we be out of food you will have more time to think about it . boy . you always say watch out for bad guy but that old man be not a bad guy and you can not even tell anymore . int . church - ( camp 13 ) - dawn the man and the boy be campe inside a old church , dusty , fade stain glass be the only colour , startling after all the monochrome . the man and boy be wrap up in blanket , a small fire go . the boy be asleep but the man be awake , cough . he sit up , still cough . he get up and walk outside , try to stifle the cough . int . church - ( camp 13 ) - dawn he wander into a antechamber , cough uncontrollably , fall to he knee in a shroud of morning mist flooding the church - and cough up a gob of something dark and nasty , spit it into the misty ground . Pov man - the mist before he clear to reveal a spattering of dark blood on the pale ash . he stare , shocked , know what it signifies . int . church - ( camp 13 ) - dawn the boy open he eye , he have not be asleep , listen to the man cough , worried . the man return and eye the worried boy . ( continued ) 79 . continued : man . what 's wrong ? boy . I have a bad dream . man . what about ? boy . I do not want to tell you . just you . man . what happen to I ? the boy 's face crinkle up , he start to sob . the man cough again and the boy shoot out a hand , put it over the man 's mouth to staunch the cough . man . ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I tell he : when you dream about bad thing happen it show you be still fight . you be still alive . it 's when you start to dream about good thing you should start to worry . ext . road / railway line , blackened landscape - day they be trudging along the blacktop adjacent to a railway line . there be a shotgun blast in the distance and the man and the boy stop and look around . the man check behind he instinctively . Pov man - a thin spike of smoke from a campfire rise up in the wood behind . the boy notice and look behind . boy . do you think they be still follow we ? man . I think they have be follow we for a long time . boy -. maybe it 's ely - the old man ? man . how ? on a broom stick ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : the boy think about this for a moment as they approach the railway line . ext . railway bridge , blackened landscape ( camp 15 ) evening the man and the boy be swaddle in blanket up amongst the rock with a bird eye view of the road and a railway bridge they can see along the road and the dead tree for half a mile . the boy be nodd off , he head lolling as the man keep watch , increasingly paranoid . ext . bluff , blackened landscape ( camp 16 ) morning as they come down from the bluff , the man be stare into the dead wood where another thin stem of smoke be rise . boy . what be it ? man . more smoke . I think we should take a look . boy . I do not want to . let 's just keep go . man . whoever it be I do not want they behind we . boy . what if they be bad guy ? man . what if they be good guy ? they look at each other , a stalemate . the man stand and start to pack up the tarp . man . ( cont 'd ) look . whoever it be out there , it 's better to know about it than to not know . boy . why ? man . because we do not like surprise . surprise be scary . ( more ) ( continued ) 81 . continued : man . ( cont 'd ) they could sneak up on we further down the road . you need to learn this . the man fold the tarp and sleep blanket and start head down the slope to the trolley , the boy follow . ext . clearing , blackened landscape - morning a desert campsite , a campfire , recently abandon . the man and the boy look around , disappointed . ext . dune / coast road , blackened landscape - day open country now , completely blacken landscape under heavy ash . they be stop . the boy unfold the threadbare map on the ground , a crayon in he hand . man . you know where we be ? boy . no . man . where do you think ? the boy point to a place on the map . man . ( cont 'd ) more . boy . here ? man . no . we be closer than you think . he take the crayon and point on the map . man . ( cont 'd ) this be we . this be all sea . boy . be it blue ? man -. the sea ? I do not know . it use to be . ( continued ) 82. continued : the man pick up a desiccate pine cone from the ground , and stare at it , hollow - eye , hungry . he squeeze it and it crumble to dust . he take a few step , sniff the air . man . ( cont 'd ) can you smell that ? boy . it smell different . man . everything be go to be different . ext . dune - day the landscape have change , dead salt bush and sand at the side of the road and finally , as they come around a bend in the road : dead sea grass sloping up to sand dune up ahead . they look at each other and head for the dune excitedly . the man hide the trolley discretely , so the boy do not see he concern , he take they bag , tarp and blanket with they as they head off for the dune . ext . top of sand dune - day Pov boy - Gray beach , lead gray sea and wave roll in slowly with a distant roar . on the beach a tide mark of wet gray ashy sludge and a skirt of glisten bone , fish skeleton bleach white on the sand . they take they parka hood down and just stand there stare at the beach , the wind howling around they , dozen of bleach whale and fish bone and skeleton of human who have make it this far only to die . the man look at the boy and see the intense disappointment . man . I be sorry it 's not blue . ext . dune / beach - day they sit on the beach wrap in blanket stare at a surreal wall of impenetrable smog not far beyond where the wave be break . the man eye the silent boy , buffete by wind , wrap in a blanket , stare at the empty ocean ... there be nothing and nobody there . they keep stare out to sea , fill with disappointment . the boy impassively survey the wall of smog which be like a iron curtain . boy . what 's on the other side ? ( continued ) 83. continued : man . nothing . boy . there must be something . man . maybe there 's a father and he little boy and they be sit on the beach too . boy . and they could be carry the fire too ? man . they could be , yes . the man see the boy 's hopefulness reappearing and stroke he head , he heart break for he . ext . water be edge - day the man and the boy stand with they shoe off , the black sea wash up the sand at they filthy , blister foot . boy . what be we long term goal ? man . " what be we long term goal ? " where do you hear that ? boy . I do not know . you say it . man . when ? boy . a long time ago . man . when you mother be here ? boy . I guess . man . and what be the answer ? ( continued ) 84 . continued : boy . I do not know . man . well , I do not either . they stare at the water - char , quotidian household object roll back and forth in the surf . boy . can I go swim ? man . swim ? you will freeze you nut off . boy . I know . man . I do not want to have to come in after you . the boy let the blanket fall and strip out of he parka and clothes . he run along the beach naked , skinny and white , leaping scream into the icy surf . the man watch until the boy come out of the water , gasp with cold , shudder . he wrap the boy in the blanket and dry he off . ext . beach - ( camp 16 ) - evening the boy be wrap in blanket by the fire as lightning flicker in the distance , illuminate the empty beach . the man drape another blanket over they . he put he arm around the boy who be shiver and sweat , look a little wild eye , babbling a little . boy . how many people do you think be still alive ? man . in the world ? I do not know . not very many . boy . there could be people alive someplace else . besides on earth ? ( continued ) 85 . continued : man . I do not think so . they could not live any place else . boy . not even if they could get there ? if they have a-a -a spaceship ? man . no . it 's unlikely . the boy stare , shiver , think . man . ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? what be it ? he cup he hand to the babbling boy 's forehead . boy . I do not feel so good . the boy bend away and vomit and the man help , rub he back and wiping the boy 's mouth when he 's do . boy . ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . man . that 's okay , you do not do anything wrong . the man be very worried now . ext . sand dune - ( camp 16 ) - later the man cover the boy in more blanket and construct a makeshift tent with the tarp as the rain fall all around . man . it 's okay . you be go to be okay . it will pass . boy . do not leave I here , do not go away papa . not even for a minute . man . I will not go away . I be right here . he sit hold the boy tightly . he feel for the boy 's heart . ( continued ) 86 . continued : he drop droplet of sugar water from a bowl into the boy 's mouth . as the boy shut he eye and doze he check the pulse at he neck and wipe he mouth with the blanket . ext . sand dune - ( camp 16 ) - night the boy be sleep fitfully across the man 's lap - he be still awake , stare in horror as the boy sweat and shake in he sleep . he wipe the boy 's brow , look up - to the heavens : man . oh no . no no . not this . Jesus Christ what have you do to we ? what have you do ? ext . sand dune - ( camp 16 ) - morning the boy be fast asleep , motionless but for stertorous breathe through he mouth . the man lie beside he , just stare at he , watch he sleep . the boy open he eye and focus weakly . boy . hi papa . man . I be right here . boy . I know . the boy shut he eye and go back to sleep . the man stroke the boy 's hair tenderly , take the pistol from he belt and carefully hide the pistol under the blanket by the boy 's side . he stand , take one last look and walk away ... ext . spit / water - dawn the man be alone now , stare at the hull of a wreck boat keele over in ten foot of gray water a few yard out from the spit - a sixty footer , twin mast . closer to shore , in the shallow between the boat and the sand be a grey , lifeless form . the man step closer and see : Pov man - bob about in the tide , the bloat , rotting cadaver of a giant squid , eye like dinner plate , translucent grey skin like a old light bulb . the man eye it uneasily , then start stripping off he clothes . he stare anxiously into the darkly roiling water near the boat . ( continued ) 87 . continued : he look back along the beach to the distant figure of the boy , sit up wrap in he blanket , look around , confuse and scared , enough to make the man wince . he collect himself and wade cautiously into the gray soupy water . he take a breath and start swim to the boat . ext . sand dune - ( camp 16 ) - day the boy be confuse as he watch : Pov boy - the man swim away . fade to : ext . sand dune - ( camp 16 ) - evening mystery Pov - over the shoulder of a mystery third person , camera push in slightly on the boy sleep . ext . sand dune - ( camp 16 ) - evening a figure 's foot enter the scene behind the boy , carefully walk in close around the boy . the figure 's long knife drop into the scene , hold at the figure 's side . the boy sense the figure and wake up to see : Pov boy - a dark , hunch figure stand over he . the boy look up at the face and , whatever it be , he 's terrify . the boy shriek , terrify , scramble away , trip over pot and pan by the fire , he get to he foot and run . ext . shoreline - evening the man struggle from the water and scan the beach , no sign of the boy . he dump a medical kit and flare pistol he 's find on the boat and head for the sand dune . ext . sand dune - ( camp 16 ) - evening the man run over the sand and reach the spot where he leave the boy , the blue tarp blow away across the beach , the campsite and campfire disturb . he run up the dune . ext . beach - evening Pov boy - as he look back he glimpsis rag feet rush through the sand after he , a pair of hand reach out ... ( continued ) 88. continued : Pov man - he catch up with the boy , grab he shoulder with one hand and the gun with the other . reverse angle - the boy see it 's the man and stop , stare , still frighten , feverish , wild - eye , confuse . man . it 's okay - boy . a man ! there be a man ! I see a man . man . it 's okay , he 's go now , it 's just I . the boy collapse , exhaust , into the man 's arm . ext . sand dune - ( camp 16 ) - night the man and the boy return to examine the disturb campsite . man . oh Christ . you stupid ass ! you stupid ass ! boy . what happen ? man . he steal we shoe . he steal everything . the boy go quiet , forlorn , stare around at the desolation in despair . man . ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? boy . I do not know what we be do . man . come here . boy . I do not know why we be do this . ( continued ) 89 . continued : man . look , there be ... ( he trail off , lost for word . ) there be people ... there be other people and we will find they . you will see . the boy just shut he eye and slump onto the sand in despair . the man eye he anxiously . man . ( cont 'd ) please . listen to I . do not lose heart . the man seize the flare gun , take it from its case hurriedly , load it with shell - the boy now watch , wide - eye . the man rush a few pace up the dune and look over to where the trolley be hide - he fire a flare into the air . the flare arc up into the murk with a long whoosh and break in a cloud of light , hang there , hot tendril of magnesium drift down to the sand . the boy watch , curious despite he despair . the man strain he eye to see : the dune bath in pink light from the flare and the sand pock - mark with the footprint of the strange man in a trail lead to the spot where the trolley . the trolley mark trail off into the distance . ext . near beach - night mystery Pov - from a distance , a third party be watch the man and boy bath in the light of the flare . camera push in on the face watch they - bearded and scar with a wander eye and a crush cheekbone , a veteran of many skirmish . ext . sand dune - night the man and the boy stand in they bare foot . man . come on . we have to get we shoe back . boy . ( frightened , reluctant . ) we do not need they ! man . we will not get far without they . ( continued ) 90 . continued : they set off hurriedly , in they bare foot . ext . coast road , blackened landscape - night on the road in the middle of a desolate landscape , the light be die , the strange lattice of lightning flicker across the sky , the man and the boy be barefoot on the tarmac . Pov man - way up ahead be the hunch figure see earlier - the thief , he back to we , trundle the load trolley along the road . man . come on . they take off after the thief , bare foot thudding on the tarmac , the man in front , the boy trail , try to catch up . the thief look back at they and speed up , head bent down over the handle run for he life . when he look back again the man have draw he pistol and be aim it directly at he . the thief stop the trolley , pull a carve knife from he belt , and turn to face they , stand behind the trolley . his face be emaciate and twitchy , a mouth like a bomb grave yard - not the face of the man watch they in the sand dune . the man train he gun on he , stock still , hold the boy 's hand . man . ( cont 'd ) get away from the cart and put the knife down . the man spit and brandish the knife desperately , he 's scrawny , sullen , bearded and filthy . man . ( cont 'd ) if you do not put down the carve knife and get away from the godamn cart I be go to blow you brain out . boy . papa ? man . be quiet . the man cock the pistol and there 's two loud click . man . ( cont 'd ) God damn you . ( continued ) 91 . continued : boy . papa please do not kill the man . thief . come on man , I do what you say , listen to the boy . the boy start cry - the thief look at the boy and then the angry man , this seem to be sober . he put the knife in the trolley and step away , hand in the air , he thumb be miss . man . how long have you be follow we ? thief . I be not follow you . I see the cart on the sand a ' I just take it . boy . please papa . man . take you clothes off . take they off , every godamn stitch . thief . come on man , do not do this . man . I will kill you where you stand . thief . do not do this , man . man . I will not tell you again . thief . all right , all right , just take it easy . the thief look at the boy who be now cover he ear and the man take a intimidating step closer with the gun . the thief start stripping and pile he rag in the road . man . the shoe . ( continued ) 92 continued : ( 2 ) thief . come on man . man . the shoe . he sit naked in the road and unlace the rotting shoe . man . ( cont 'd ) put they in the cart . the thief stand and drop the shoe in the trolley . man . ( cont 'd ) put the clothes in . the man drop the clothes in and stand there cover himself , shiver . thief . do not do I like this , man . you do not need to do I like this . man . you do not mind do it to we . thief . I be begging you . boy . papa . thief . come on , listen to the kid . man . you try to kill we . thief . I be starve man . you would have do the same . man . you take everything . thief . I will die out here . man . I be go to leave you the way you leave we . ( continued ) 93 continued : ( 3 ) the man grab the trolley by the handle , pull it around , put the pistol on top and hold he hand out for the boy . man . ( cont 'd ) let 's go . the boy do not take he hand but they set off along the blacktop , the boy snivelling and cry , leave the thief shiver and whimper . boy . oh papa . man . stop it . boy . I can not stop it . man . what do you think would have happen to he if we have not catch he ? you have get to learn . boy . I do not want to learn ! man . I will not be here forever . sooner or later you will have to look after yourself . the boy just look at he - and keep cry . ext . road / coast , blackened landscape - evening some distance away the boy look back at the thief , still cry . man . you have to stop cry . boy . I can not . the boy look back one last time as the thief disappear from view - still just stand there , utterly lose . the man stop and put he shoe on . he walk back up the road to the bend but the thief have go . ( continued ) 94 . continued : man . he 's go . come on . boy . he 's not go . he 's not . the man look helplessly at the tearful boy as he fit he shoe on for he , the tear streaking the soot on he face . man . what do you want to do ? boy . just help he , papa . just help he . the man look back down the road , weigh it up . boy . ( cont 'd ) he be just hungry papa . he 's go to die . man . he 's go to die anyway . boy . he 's so scared . man . I be scared . do you understand ? I be scared . the man try to look the boy in the eye but he keep he head bow , sobbing . man . ( cont 'd ) you be not the one who have to worry about everything . the boy mumble , tearful and snotty . man . ( cont 'd ) what ? what do you say ? boy . yes I be . I be the one . the man stop and face - the innocent boy angrily , stare , then relenting , summon all he strength , turn the trolley around and they start wheeling it back the way they come . man . all right . help I . ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 2 ) the man take the boy 's hand and put it on the trolley handle . ext . road / coast , blackened landscape - night as the light fade to darkness they look for the thief to give he he clothes back and call out " hallo ! " etc. after a moment they stop . boy . he 's afraid to answer . man . be this where we stop ? boy . I do not know . I think so . they keep walk , hand cup to mouth , hallooing mindlessly . the man stop to rest and watch the boy a moment , he have stop cry as he call out for the thief . finally the man pile the thief 's shoe and clothes in the road . he put a rock on top of they . man . come on . we have to go . the boy eye the clothes sadly , silent now . ext . roadside dune , blackened landscape - night they find a spot to stop and sit , exhaust . the man open the first aid kit he take from the boat , select various pill , crush they up , pour a cup of water from a ferry can in the trolley , and hand they to the boy . boy . I do not want it . man . I have to get you temperature down . the boy swallow the pill and the water , shiver . boy -. can I ask you something ? man . of course you can . ( continued ) 96 . continued : boy . what would you do if I die ? man . if you die I would want to die too . boy . so you could be with I ? man . so I could be with you , yes . but that 's not go to happen . they look at each other a moment , unsure , the boy shiver and sick-look . the boy lie down and shut he eye . the man put a blanket over he . the man walk away a few pace and cough endlessly , a nag cough that will not go . ext . orchard - day the man' dream - a dream and a memory of a early summer day , the man and the woman be in a orchard , lie in the sun on a picnic blanket , a array of food , bread , fruit and wine beside they . the man lie back and the woman cradle he head in she lap , stroking he brow . she bring she face down and gently plant a simple kiss on each of he eyelid , then on each of he lip . Pov man - the woman 's face , smile a dazzle , radiant smile , frame by sunlight and the indistinct shape of leave and blossom and petal against the sky - to he she be angelic . then he kiss she on each eye and on the lip too - they ritual caress . end of dream sequence . ext . roadside dune , blackened landscape - dawn the man awake distress , he wipe a tear , blink in confusion . Pov man - the boy be kneel beside he , watch he calmly , no longer sweat and shiver , recover . boy . papa ? the man rouse himself , sit up and just stare at the boy , amaze , as if he have arisen from the grave man . how be you feel ? ( continued ) 97 . continued : boy . I feel kind of weird . man . be you hungry ? boy . just thirsty . the man get up and fetch water from a ferry can in the trolley , pour a cup , hand it to the boy who drink thirstily . the man reach out and stroke the boy 's hair as he drink . ext . resort town , outskirt - day the man and the boy head towards a seaside town off in the distance . ext . resort town - day they enter a small beach resort with a fade " welcome " sign across the road , the boy hold the man 's hand now . ext . resort town / water' edge - day they be down by the water . small pleasure boat be half sink in the grey water . fade color bunt and paint sign advertise ice cream , food and a fun fair . the boy help the man push the trolley through the sand until they can go no further , they stop and drop onto the sand , exhaust . boy . can I tell you something ? man . yes . boy . you tell I I should not cry but I have hear you cry . I hear you cough and cry to yourself in the night when you think I be asleep . man . what of it ? boy . so if I should not cry you should not cry either . ( continued ) 98 . continued : they look at each other . ext . port - late afternoon on the port side of town the man wheel the trolley through the desert dock past rotten pier , a row of empty wooden warehouse and a rusty red tanker wash up . he be coughing and the sound echoe off the warehouse wall . the boy be trail a few pace behind , they be not speak now . ext . back STREET - evening as they pass the last of a row of desert warehouse the man slow down to let the boy catch up . but the boy be now study the ground intently . he bend down and pick up : Pov boy - a old cardboard match box , it 's decal fade . he push the match box open to reveal a perfectly preserve beetle . boy . what be it ? man . it 's a beetle . suddenly the beetle twitches , then activate its wing and fly out of the box with a buzz and upwards into the sky ... the boy and the man stare up at the fly creature , amaze and : without warning something whistle over they head very close and hit the wall beside they with a loud clatter . the man lunge at the boy , landing on top of he to cover he and try to grab the trolley which tip over , spilling everything out . the man desperately try to take cover while he look over he shoulder and see : Pov man - in the upper window of a warehouse a man be draw a bow and arrow aim right at they . in desperation the man cover the boy and try to scrabble away but there 's a dull twang of bowstring and a arrow thud into he leg . man . ( cont 'd ) oh you bastard ! you bastard ! ( continued ) 99 . continued : the man claw the blanket from the upturn trolley aside and scrabble around for the pistol but it have fall from he belt onto the cobble and scattered out of reach . he spot the flare gun and seize it , rest it on the trolley and aim carefully at the empty window . when the lone archer appear again he squeeze off a shot and the flare go rocketing up towards the window in a firey arc , ablaze with color , clean through the window . they can hear the archer scream inside and see the color light still flaring from the window . boy . oh papa ! man . stay just like you be . he get up and run limping across the street , the arrow still embed in he leg . int . wooden stair - evening he limp up the stair of the old warehouse as quickly as he can , flare gun at the ready , arrow in he leg . int . warehouse floor - evening he burst into the main room and train the gun . at the far end a woman be sit with the prone form of the archer . the floor be burnt in a huge patch leave by the flare and be still in flame . archer' woman . you son of a bitch ! man . who else be up here ? archer' woman . you fuck asshole ! the man look down , he leg be bleed heavily now and the arrow be still stick out . man . where 's the bow ? archer' woman . I do not have it . man . why be you follow we ? ( continued ) 100 . continued : archer' woman . we be not follow anybody . you be follow we ! the man stare at the woman , look she up and down , she look sick and thin and desperate . he look at the archer , lie there dead , he chest and one arm and he face burnt , still smoking . the woman cover he face with the blanket and the man do not know what to say , ashamed . he go . ext . cafe - day Pov - again from a distance , as if a third party be watch , we watch the boy and the man hobble into a cafe . int . cafe - day one wall of the cafe be merely a pile of rubble , open out to the sea . the opposite wall be a photographic mural of lush green wood . the man try to pull the arrow out but just pull the wooden stem out . he take off he bloody trousers and examine the gape wound with a flap of flesh and the arrow head , make from a spoon , bury inside . man . see if you can find the medical kit from the boat . quickly . the boy rummages in the trolley , find the kit and hand it over . he stare as the man slowly extract the spoon , wince in agony . the man dowse the wound in antiseptic from the kit and search through the kit for a needle . he find a suture needle in a sterile envelope , rip it open with he tooth and , use the light come in through the parlour window he thread some silk thread into the needle . he start to suture up the wound , grimace in pain as the boy watch in silence , until eventually offer : boy do it hurt ? the man just look at he in disbelief - beat . man . yes ! it hurt ! boy . what do it feel like ? the man eye the boy , amaze at this inopportune chat . ( continued ) 101 . continued : man . at least you be talk to I now . int . / ext . cafe - ( camp 17 ) - night they have a campfire in the cafe by the jetty and sit overlook the bay , through the miss wall , silent until : man . do you want I to tell you a story ? boy . no . man . why not ? boy . you storey be not true . man . they do not have to be true . they be storey . boy . in the storey we be always help people . but we do not help people . we just shoot people . and in the storey good thing happen but we just get sick . the man think about it - stick for a answer . man . we be still here be not we ? do not that mean anything ? ext . boat launch - day the man pull the trolley slowly , find it a great effort . the boy help pull , eying the man with concern . the man stop and rest on the trolley and the boy pull on a few more foot then stop and look back as the man cough for a long painful moment . he take the bloodstain surgical mask from he face , he breath foggy in the cold , he wring out the blood and saliva , put he head between he knee and cough until he can cough no more , gasp for breathe , bloody drool unspool from he lip into the sand like scarlet twine while the boy watch , weep silently . ( continued ) 102 . continued : man . we have to leave the cart . I can not push it anymore . ext . boat launch - day they be trudging along a concrete boat ramp by the beach road , the beach below , the boy carry a small - suitcase now , the man carry sack and bag . they stop and the man lean , impossibly breathless , he lung pack up . they stop at the water edge , where the road reach the sea . the boy take he hand gently . boy . what be we go to do papa ? the man can not answer for breathlessness . boy . ( cont 'd ) well , what be we ? the man sit heavily on the ground , totter as the boy stand watch he , eye welling with tear . boy . ( cont 'd ) oh no , papa . ext . beach / dune -( camp 18 ) - day the man be drift in and out of consciousness in the sand . the boy come over with a cup of water and hold it to the man 's lip , he drink . the boy have also light a fire . he spread out blanket . man . do not get comfortable . you need to keep go . you do not know what might be down the road . boy . no . man . we be always lucky . you will be lucky again . you will see . just go . boy . no. I can not . ( continued ) 103 . continued : man . it 's all right . this have be a long time come . just keep go south . do everything the way we do it . boy . no . you be go to be okay papa . you have to . man . keep the gun with you at all time . do not let anyone take it from you . you need to find the good guy but you can not take any chance . do you hear I ? boy . I want to be with you . man . I want to be with you too but I can not . boy . please . man . you have to go off on you own now . you have to carry the fire . boy . I do not know how to . man . yes you do . you know everything about it . boy . be it real ? the fire ? papa ? man . yes it be . boy . where be it ? I do not know where it be . man . yes you do . ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 2 ) boy . where ? man . it 's inside you . it be always there . I can see it . the boy stare at he , not sure what to believe . man . ( cont 'd ) you have to let I go . boy . just take I with you please . please , papa ! what should I do ? man . just hold my hand . the boy grip the man 's hand , bounce up and down , agitate . boy . you say you would not ever leave I . man . I know . I be sorry . the boy fall on the man , hugging he tight , face press to he chest , sobbing . man . ( cont 'd ) my boy . you have my whole heart . you always do . you be the best guy . you can talk to I and I will talk to you . you will see . boy . how will I hear you ? man . you just will . boy . how do you know ? man -. you just have to practice . just do not give up okay ? you will be okay . you be go to be lucky . I know you be . ( continued ) 105 . continued : ( 3 ) the man close he eye and take deep , rattling breath . boy . it 's okay papa . you do not have to talk anymore . camera pull back and the boy be sit with the man say nothing . it 's start to grow dark . the boy crouch down on the man 's chest and go to sleep there , rise and fall with he father 's breathe . ext . beach / dune ( camp 18 ) - night darkness all around , the boy be lie across the man , he hand rise and fall on the man 's chest slowly , irregularly as the man 's breath rattles in he lung . ext . car / beach - dawn flashback - or the man' last ever dream : the man and the woman snooze in the car - a ordinary young couple nestle together in the early morning sun light . the man wake and look at he sleep wife , smooth she hair tenderly , very much in love , as she sleep . his hand on she wake she , she look at he surprised and pleased , smile . woman . hello ... she kiss he and they look at the blue ocean and the white sand and green sea grass and she put a arm around he . man . ( v.o. ) if I be God I would have make the world just so and no different ... and so I have you . . I have you . end of flashback . ext . beach / dune - ( camp 18 ) morning the boy be awake but do not move , he hand still on the man 's chest , now motionless . he look at the man who be cold and stiff now , long dead . the boy get up and hold the man 's cold stiff hand . tear course down he face silently . boy . oh papa . papa. papa ... 106 . ext . beach / dune - ( camp 18 ) night the boy be building a campfire . he light it and sit there watch the man 's motionless body . ext . beach / dune -( camp 19 ) morning the boy have sleep beside the man , he wake , blink , bewilder . ext . beach / dune - ( camp 18 ) - day the boy be zipping up the man 's parka carefully and heaping blanket on top , talk all the while . boy . can I tell you something ? I have a bad dream . I have this penguin that you wound up and it would waddle and flap its flipper . and we be in that house we use to live in and it come around the corner but nobody have wound it up and it be really scary because - because - because ... he go quiet as he finish tend to the body and put he own parka on , zip it up . boy . ( cont 'd ) the winder be not turn . he take the gun , check the magazine , shut it and stand , shove the pistol in he belt . ext . water be edge , boat launch - day the boy be stand at the water 's edge look out at the smog and the emptiness . out of nowhere a man in a gray and red ski parka with the hood up appear carry a shotgun over he shoulder and a belt of shell . he go over to the boy , he be the same bearded and scar man see earlier , watch they in the sand dune . the boy do not flinch , but he hand go to the gun at he side . when the man speak he have some sort of speech defect , possibly cause by miss tooth . veteran . where 's the man you be with ? ( no reply . ) be he you father ? ( continued ) 107 . continued : boy . yes . he be my papa . veteran . I be sorry . boy . I do not know what to do . veteran . well , I think maybe you should come with I . the boy 's finger tighten on the trigger of the gun . boy . be you one of the good guy ? veteran . yeah . I be one of the good guy . why do not you put that pistol away ? boy . I be not suppose to let anybody take the pistol . no matter what . veteran . I do not want you pistol . I just do not want you point it at I . the boy lower the gun to he side and the veteran come a few step closer , cause the boy to back up a step . veteran . ( cont 'd ) where 's you stuff ? boy . I do not have much stuff . veteran . what have you get ? blanket ? boy . my papa 's wrap in they . man . show I . the boy do not move . the man hold out he hand for the boy to take , the boy see he have a thumb missing and hesitates , wary . the man squat , lean on he shotgun . ( continued ) 108 . continued : ( 2 ) veteran . look . you get two choice here . you can stay here with you papa or you can go with I . if you stay you need to keep off the road . boy . how do I know you be one of the good guy ? veteran . you do not . you will have to take a shot . the boy weigh it up , eyeing the veteran . boy . do you have any kid ? veteran . yes we do . boy . do you have a little boy ? veteran . we have a little boy and a little girl . boy . how old be he ? veteran . he 's about you age . maybe a little older . boy . and you do not eat they ? veteran . no . boy . you do not eat people ? veteran . no . we do not eat people . boy . be you carry the fire ? ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 3 ) veteran . be I what ? boy . carry the fire . veteran . you be kind of weird out , be not you , kid ? boy . well , be you ? veteran . yeah . I be . I be carry the fire . boy . and I can go with you ? veteran . yes , you can . the boy hesitates . ext . beach / dune - day they go over to where the man lie dead and the veteran squat and lift a blanket to take a look . veteran . be this all the blanket you have ? boy . yes . veteran . be that you suitcase ? boy . yes . the veteran stand and study the boy . veteran . why do not you go up onto the road and wait for I . I will bring the blanket . boy . what about my papa ? ( continued ) 110 . continued : veteran . what about he ? boy . we can not just leave he here . veteran . yes we can . boy . I do not want people to see he . veteran . there 's nobody to see he . boy . can I cover he in leave ? veteran . the wind will blow they away . boy . could we cover he with one of the blanket ? veteran . okay . I will do it . go on now . ext . boat launch , road - day the boy wait and in a moment the veteran emerge from the dune carry the suitcase with the blanket sling over he shoulder . he sort through they and hand one to the boy . veteran . here . wrap this around you . you be cold . the boy eye the blanket uncertainly , hold out the pistol for the veteran to hold . veteran . ( cont 'd ) you hold onto that . boy . okay . veteran . do you know how to shoot it ? boy . yes . ( continued ) continued : veteran . okay . boy . what about my papa ? veteran . there 's nothing else to be do . boy . I think I want to say goodbye to he . veteran . will you be all right ? boy . yes . veteran . go ahead . I will wait here for you . the boy turn around and head down to the beach . ext . beach / dune - ( camp 18 ) - day the boy trudge through the sand over to the corpse of the man which be now neatly wrap up in a blanket from head to toe . the boy kneel beside he and start to cry silently and whisper . boy . I will talk to you every day . and I will not forget . no matter what . no matter what , papa . the boy dry he eye , take a breath , get up and walk back to the road ... ext . boat launch , road - day as the boy walk out of the dune hold the gun , a motherly woman who be stand with the veteran come towards he . motherly woman . oh . I be so glad to see you . the boy just stare at she , bemuse - a short distance away stand the rest of the family - a boy he age and a girl . the boy stare at the other boy and recognize he - it 's the same boy he chase earlier . ( continued ) 112 . continued : then the boy notice a threadbare mongrel of a dog , wait with they . the motherly woman go over and put she arm around he . motherly woman . ( cont 'd ) we have be follow you . do you know that ? we see you with you papa and we try to catch up but you be too quick for we . veteran . there be some discussion about whether to even come after you at all . as she 's chat , the motherly woman gently take the gun from the boy and hand it to the veteran . motherly woman . we be so lucky . we be so worried about you . and now we do not have to worry about a thing . she kiss the boy on the forehead and hold he at arm 's length and look at he . motherly woman . ( cont 'd ) how do that sound ? be that okay ? he stare but say nothing ... close credit .