ted written by Seth macfarlane , alec sulkin &amp ; wellesley Wild ext . space - X as the universal logo complete itself , we begin to slowly push in on the East Coast of the United States . the camera glide down through the atmosphere , through the cloud , closer and closer , until we begin to see large patch of snow cover the upper coastline . it 's winter . we continue to push in , until we arrive at one small suburban neighborhood . over the push - in , we hear the follow narration , deliver by Patrick Stewart . narrator ( v.o . ) it have be say that magic vanish from we world a long time ago . and that humanity can no longer fulfill its desire through the power of wish . to that who have lose the wondrous vision of childhood eye , submit here be the story of a little boy , and a magical Christmas wish that change he life forever . ext. / estab . a suburban neighborhood - morning narrator ( v.o . ) it begin in 1985 , in a town just outside Boston . we see a group of kide laugh and toss snowballs at each other in the street . narrator ( v.o . ) it be Christmas Eve , and all the child be in high spirit . that special time of year when Boston child gather together and beat up the jewish kid . another little kid walk out of he house with a sled , and start walk up the street . one of the snowball - throw kid point at the sled kid . kid # 1 hey , greenbaum ! greenbaum uh oh . kid # 1 it 's Jesus ' birthday tomorrow ! you know what I be gonna get he ? greenbaum w... what ? ( continued ) 2 continued : kid # 1 my fist in you fuckin ' face ! greenbaum why would Jesus want that ? kid # 2 get he ! the kid all chase greenbaum up the street , and tackle he . another boy , JOHN bennett ( about 8 year old , shy and innocent- look ) approach the melee . narrator ( v.o . ) but there be one child who be not in such good spirit . Little John bennett . that one boy in every neighborhood who just have a tough time make friend . JOHN hey guy , can I play ? the kid all look at he . kid #1/#2/#3 get outta here ! / get outta here , bennett ! / get lose , bennett ! the jewish kid , he face bloody , look angrily at John . greenbaum yeah , bennett , get outta here ! the kid go back to beat up greenbaum , as John sadly walk back toward he house . int . john' bedroom - shortly after narrator ( v.o . ) John long with all he heart for that one true friend that he could call he own . and he know that if he ever find that friend , he would never let he go . John sadly sit by he window with he chin in he hand , look outside . joh n's Pov - we see the other kid all play in the snow : building snowmen , throw snowballs , etc . at one point , a black kid in a wheelchair wheel up . the other kid welcome he with open arm , and he immediately join in the fun . narrator ( v.o . ) well , as it do every year , Christmas morning finally come . ( more ) ( continued ) 3 continued : narrator ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) all the child be open they gift with holiday glee . int . a suburban house - morning a little girl open a present as she parent look on , smile . Inside be a my Little pony . she smile with delight . int . another suburban house - morning a little boy open a present as he parent look on , smile . Inside be a g.i. Joe hovercraft . the boy be overjoy . int . a third suburban house - morning another little boy open a present as he parent look on , smile . Inside be a " darth vader head " action figure case . the boy open it up , revealing that it 's full of " Star Wars " action figure . the boy jump around ecstatically . ext. / estab . a FOURTH suburban house - morning int . a FOURTH suburban house - same narrator ( v.o . ) and for little John bennett , Christmas Day bring a very special new arrival . John sit amidst unwrapped gift . we see he open a present . Inside be a plush , adorable - look teddy bear . the boy hold it with delight . JOHN wow ! he mom and dad hug he . john' dad I guess Santa pay attention to how good you be this year , huh ? john' mom ( kissing he ) merry Christmas , John . John hug the teddy bear . it make a cutesy , high - pitch " I wuv you " sound . John gasp with delight . ( continued ) 4 continued : JOHN he talk ! John giggle happily , squeezing the bear to make it talk , as he mom and dad exchange a smile . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be gonna name you teddy . int . JOHN be house - live room - day John sit on the floor watch the 1980 film " flash Gordon " on tv . he eat twizzler with Ted sit next to he . occasionally he give Ted a " bite . " narrator ( v.o . ) John become instantly attach to teddy . there be something about that bear that make he feel as if he finally have a friend with whom he could share he deep secret . int . JOHN be room - night JOHN hey teddy ... can I tell you something nobody know ? teddy look back at he , expressionless . JOHN ( cont 'd ) last week , my mom and dad take I to the park for a picnic . and they have this duck pond there , and ... when nobody be look , I poope in my hand and throw it at a duck . be that mean ? he squeeze Ted , who once again make the " I wuv you " sound . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( hugging he ) I love you too , teddy ! John get into bed with the teddy bear , and snuggle with it . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you know ... I wish you could really talk to I . because then we could be best friend forever and ever . ( continued ) 5 continued : John drift off to sleep . the camera move toward the window , and drift outside . it pull back from the house slowly . narrator ( v.o . ) now , if there 's one thing you can be sure of ... it 's that nothing be more powerful than a young boy 's wish . ( beat ) except a Apache helicopter . a Apache helicopter have machine gun and missile . it be a unbelievably impressive complement of weaponry . a absolute death machine . well , as it turn out , John pick the perfect night to make a wish . ext . JOHN be house - continuous the camera pivot around to face the sky . we see the snow fall from moonlit cloud . at the center of the cloud , there be a small patch of open air through which we can see star . suddenly , a shoot star whizze by through the open . int . john' bedroom - continuous slowly push in on the teddy bear 's face as John lie sleep next to it . dissolve to : ext . neighborhood - next morning the house and yard be cover with snow . int . john' bedroom - same John slowly open he eye . he turn over to face teddy , but we see that teddy be no longer next to he . John bolt upright and look around , frantically . JOHN teddy ? ( beat , a bit more concerned ) teddy ?! ( continued ) 6 continued : John look under the cover , but the bear be not there . he jump out of bed and look around the bed 's perimeter , assume that teddy must have fall off during the night . finally , he check underneath the bed . angle from underneath the bed we see John look around . JOHN ( cont 'd ) teddy ? John sit up again and freeze , look right into the camera , wide eye . angle on JOHN be p.o.v. : we see the face of teddy stare right at he . teddy blink once . teddy hug I . John yelp and stumble back , fall over . he stare at teddy , breathe heavily . JOHN do you ... do you just talk ? teddy you be my best friend , John . JOHN ( beat ) you be alive ?! teddy uh-huh . JOHN whoa ... teddy do not look so surprised . you be the one who wish for it , be not you ? JOHN yeah , I ... I do wish for it . teddy well , here I be . JOHN you mean ... we get to be best friend ... for real ? teddy for real . JOHN forever and ever ? ( continued ) 7 continued : teddy sound good to I . a huge grin spread across John 's face . he get up , run to teddy and hug he . narrator ( v.o . ) John be just about the happiest boy in the world . and he could not wait to tell everyone the good news . int . kitchen - shortly after John 's dad sit at the breakfast table , read the paper as John 's Mom prepare egg and bacon , put it on they plate . john' mom well , I think we have a wonderful Christmas this year . john' dad one of the best . ( slyly ) and I particularly enjoy the gift you give I last night . John run into the kitchen . JOHN Mom ! dad ! guess what ?! my teddy bear 's alive ! John 's Mom and dad look at each other and smile . john' mom ( playing along ) really , sweetie ? well , that 's exciting . JOHN no mom , he 's alive ! for real ! look ! teddy walk in and stand next to John . teddy merry Christmas , everybody ! John 's dad scramble to he foot , knock plate off the table . John 's mom scream . john' dad Jesus H. fuck ! ( continued ) 8 continued : teddy let 's all be best friend ! john' mom oh my god ... john' dad John , get away from that thing ! come over here , right now ! JOHN but dad -- john' dad get over here ! John reluctantly walk over to he dad , who grab he and protectively pull he aside . john' dad ( cont 'd ) helen , get my gun . JOHN dad , no ! teddy be it a hugging gun ? john' dad helen , get my gun , and call the police ! teddy I be sorry , Mr. bennett . I do not mean to scare anybody . I just want John and I to be friend . JOHN yeah , dad ! I make a wish last night that teddy be alive , and my wish come true ! john' mom ( astonished whisper ) my god , Steve ... it 's a miracle . a Christmas miracle . they stare at teddy for a beat . narrator ( v.o . ) well , it be not long before the story of John 's little miracle be sweeping the nation . 9 int . newsroom - day ( on tv ) we see a 80' newscaster behind the news desk . a graphic of the bear be over he leave shoulder . newscaster out of a Boston suburb come what be , without a doubt , the most incredible story in the history of broadcast news ... dissolve to : int . different newsroom - day ( on tv ) we see a 80 's female newscaster . a graphic of the bear be over she leave shoulder . female newscaster ... young boy 's stuff animal have magically come to life for as yet unknown reason . scientist be stump as to how ... aa18 int . another newsroom - day ( on tv ) aa18 we see a `70s southern newscaster with a chyron that say " action news georgia " . he point manically at the graphic of the bear above he leave shoulder . southern newscaster look what Jesus do ! look what Jesus do ! look what Jesus do ! int . japanese newsroom - day ( on tv ) a male japanese newscaster and female japanese newscaster sit behind the desk . between they , at the top of the screen , be a picture of the bear . female newscaster ( speak japanese for a few moment ) the male newscaster turn sharply to she . male newscaster ( address her angrily in japanese ) he strike she for a unclear reason . she bury she head in she hand , in shame . 10 int . tonight show - day ( on tv ) narrator ( v.o . ) before long , teddy have become a huge celebrity in he own right . we see real footage of " the tonight show " from the ` 80' , with johnny carson talk to teddy , who be sit in the guest chair ( if appropriate footage be accessible , will include teddy walk out on stage , shaking hand with johnny and sit down . ) rest of carson scene tbd base on archive footage int . a shitty apartment - night int . john' bedroom - night John and teddy be in bed , under the cover with a flashlight . narrator ( v.o . ) but through all the fame , teddy never forget he very best friend , John . JOHN ( o.s. , under cover ) the thunder can not get we , right ? teddy ( o.s. , under cover ) nope . we be thunder buddy . and the thunder know it . we be totally safe . angle under the cover - we now see they . JOHN teddy ? teddy yeah , John ? JOHN do you promise we will always be together ? teddy I promise . another thunder clap . teddy ( cont 'd ) Thunder buddy for life . JOHN Thunder buddy for life . ( continued ) 11 continued : they hug as we pull back slowly , dissolve through the cover . narrator ( v.o . ) and that be a promise that neither one of they ever forget . over the follow , we continue to pull back from the room to the outside of the moonlit house ... narrator ( v.o . ) so where be John and teddy today ? well , let I put it this way : no matter how big a splash you make in this world , whether you be Corey feldman , frankie muniz , Justin bieber , or a talk teddy bear , eventually nobody give a shit . smash CUT to : ext . boston skyline - morning we pan across the Boston skyline as the open title roll . CUT to various shot of the city throughout . pan down to the street below : several shot of the everyday bustle of the city , then we CUT to : int . young john' house - day ( photo ) Young John and Ted lie on the floor as they both grin at the camera , chin rest on they hand . ext . backyard - day ( photo ) Young John and Ted wave to the camera from up in a treehouse . a newsweek magazine cover slide by - it show Ted shaking hand with Reagan . the headline read : " America 's Little Miracle " . smaller headline read , " Goodbye heart Disease , here come oat bran ! " and " the future of entertainment : the laserdisc . " a US news cover slide by - it show Ted stand in front of a american flag . the headline read , " Ted , White , and Blue " . smaller headline read , " Oliver North draw the heat " and " will you town soon have its own ` robocop ' ? " 12 ext . suburban STREET - day ( existing footage ) ( insert exist soapbox racer bit here ) ext . park ( photo ) Ted and young John blow out the candle on a birthday cake at John 's ninth birthday party . int . locker room - day ( photo ) Larry Bird stand with young John , who have Ted stand on the top of he head . they be still nowhere near as tall as Larry . a tv guide cover slide by : it show a smile Ted with the headline " tv's new favorite guest STAR ! " smaller headline read , " Inside : the best show you be not watch ! " and " the unstoppable phil hartman ! " we CUT to tbd footage of " who' the boss ? " into which ted have be inserted . int . young john' house - night Young John and Ted sit on the couch smile and laugh as they watch the show . ext . STREET - night ( photo ) Young John wear a hood sweatshirt as he pedal he bike up the street . Ted sit in the front basket , like E.T. angle on a people magazine from 1992 that read , " up close and personal with `terminator 2 's arnold schwarzenegger ! " down below in smaller print it say " plus , we talk to Ted the bear " . ext . STREET - day ( photo ) teenage John and Ted lean against a car . teenage John look indifferent and a bit jade now . ext . school - day ( photo ) John 's high school graduation . ( continued ) 13 continued : angle on a tv - the nightly news be in progress . a news anchor address the camera . a graphic next to she read " former celebrity busted at airport " , with a unflatter photo of Ted . int . airport - day ( video ) we see Ted get haul away by security . a caption below read " Ted catch with mushroom at airport security " . he 's put up a bit of a fight , and give the " finger " to the camera ( the finger be pixilate ) . int . JOHN be room - night ( existing footage ) we see 20 year - old John sit on he bed , laugh . Ted sit by he side , also laugh at the incident . ext . a movie theater - night ( existing footage ) ( insert exist " phantom menace " bit ) int . chuck E. cheese - day ( existing footage ) ( insert exist Chuck E. cheese bit ) angle on a facebook page for JOHN bennett : pan down to the status indicator . it read , " in a relationship with lori Collins . " a arrow click on she name , go to she page . on she wall , it read " lori have add 3 new photo in the album mobile upload " . ext . outdoor fair - day ( photo ) lori and John smile as lori hold a big stuff bear that John have win for she at a booth . Ted stand nearby , arm cross , with a deep , disapprove scowl . ext . park - day ( photo ) in the photo , presumably take by John , lori stand laugh as Ted stand behind she ( stand on something ) cover she eye with he paw . 14 ext . stable - day ( photo ) John and lori be set for a trail ride . they be both on horse , wear helmet . widen to reveal Ted , who also wear a helmet , but ride a smile golden retriever . ext . miniature golf course - night ( existing footage ) John , lori , and Ted play miniature golf . lori putt the ball , which roll to the lip of the cup . she react , disappointed . Ted make a graceful leg sweep , push the ball into the cup " accidentally " . lori smile . John smile back at she . Ted wink . ext . baseball game - day ( existing footage ) ( insert " jeter suck " bit ) ext . lake - day ( existing photo ) ext . ice cream shop - day John , lori and Ted sit outside at a table , each hold a ice cream cone . they stare deadpan at the camera , each with a dab of ice cream on they nose , and a dab of ice cream on they upper lip . ext. / estab . - JOHN and lori be apartment - day int . JOHN and lori be apartment - day John and lori paint the apartment wall . lori sneak up behind John , and paint he back . John turn around and grab she . they scuffle playfully , and then kiss . we angle on Ted , who stand on a little stepladder hammer a " Home sweet Home " picture into the wall . he step back , but realize he have nail he hand to the wall . he tug , slip , and the ladder fall . Ted hang there like a idiot . int . JOHN and lori be apartment - night ( photo ) John , lori , and Ted sit on the couch . all three sit with they leg cross , faux - pretentiously raise glass of jorian Hill syrah to camera in identical pose , the wine bottle on the table in front of they . 15 int . JOHN and lori be apartment - night ( photo ) we see a photo Ted have take of himself . in the background be John and lori , play scrabble . Ted be in the foreground , smile at the camera as he hold up he letter . he have spell out the word " douche " , with a extra B and G to spare . int . JOHN and lori be apartment - night John , Ted , and lori watch a horror movie on the couch . ext . boston common - day ( existing footage ) ( insert exist John / lori swan boat footage . ) ext . / estab . JOHN and lori be apartment - morning int . JOHN and lori be apartment - same close on a bong . pull out to reveal Ted , who inhale , he snout inside the tube . Ted sit on the sofa , and for the first time , we see Ted in he present day form : he be ratty , patch - up , and worn-look . he have a couple stain , some small spot of expose stuff , and there 's evidence of some half - ass sewing . it 's obvious he 's be around for three decade . he and John , who sit next to he , be both clearly stone as we join they . John , for he part , look far too comfortable in the too - wear Red Sox T-shirt he wear . he eat directly from a box of fruity pebbles . reaching in for a last handful , he find the box almost empty . he raise it to empty the remainder into he mouth , and accidentally pour fruity pebbles all over he face . it do not faze he much , though , as he brushes they off . it 's quite obvious that this be a guy who have never really give up he childhood ... and have never give up he teddy bear . Ted pass the bong to John . ted all I be sayin ' be Boston woman be be , on the whole , a paler , uglier sort than woman from the elsewhere of life . JOHN that 's bullshit , what about lori ? she 's hot . ted lori 's from Pennsylvania , not a Boston girl . ( continued ) 16 continued : JOHN they be not that bad . John take a hit from the bong over Ted 's next line . ted the fact that you have to say they be not that bad mean that they be that bad . they turn into drunk , half - white , half - pink monster after 2 hour at any beach . Ted take a hit from the bong . ted ( cont 'd ) ( cough ) Jesus , this be weak . it 's not even gettin ' I high . I gotta have a talk with my weed guy . JOHN I -- it 's workin ' for I . ted I think it suck , I be gonna have a talk with he . JOHN yeah , I do not know that you wanna go to a drug dealer with complaint . ted no , I know this guy a long time . I have know he since 9/11 . remember , I be like , " aw , shit . 9/11 . I gotta get high . " JOHN ( look at he watch ) oh fuck , be it nine-thirty ? shit , I gotta get to work . John get up , and hurry into the other room to get dress . ted hey , you mind pickin ' up a bird feeder on the way home ? I wanna start enjoy the beauty of bird . JOHN ( o.s. ) Jesus , I do not know if I can drive . ted I will drive you , I feel fine . 17 ext . boston street - continuous we see two shot of John 's car drive through the city : we see John in the passenger 's seat put visine into he eye , with only Ted 's ear and eye show as he drive ( he paw grip the wheel ) . we then cut to a overhead pull - back shot as we move away from the car to reveal it crossing Boston 's huge suspension bridge . ext . LIBERTY rent-a-car - morning John 's car pull up the street and into the parking lot , scraping its side against the corner headlight of one of the rental car . JOHN / ted aw , Jesus . / fuck. angle on Ted 's foot . there be wooden block attach to the pedal so that he foot can reach they . he slam on the brake . angle outside the car . John get out , and look at the damage . JOHN aw , man . ted be it bad ? JOHN it 's not good . angle on the rent-a-car office - thomas , the branch manager , a intense , middle - age man , be stand in the doorway . thomas John ! May I speak with you , please ? JOHN shit . ted it 's okay , go , go , I will pull outta here . ( waving ) hi , Thomas ! how be ya ? Thomas dryly wave back . Ted pull forward , scraping the car again . he abruptly pull out into traffic , and another car swerve a bit to get around he , honk . other driver asshole ! ( continued ) 18 continued : ted ( overlapping ) easy , Jersey license ! Ted drive away . int . thomas ' office - shortly after Thomas sit at he desk face John . thomas John , it 's almost ten o'clock . JOHN I know , I be sorry , it be not my fault . thomas what do you mean ? JOHN ( beat ) I guess I ... be not really prepare for a follow - up question . thomas John , all you have to do be not fuck up , and you get my job when I go to corporate next month . you will be the new branch manager . all you have to do be not fuck up , and all you be do be fuck up . not that I do not think you be too fuck up to handle not fuck up my job , but you happen to be the least fuck - up person in the whole office . the next least fuck - up be alix , and you have be here three fuck year longer than he . but I be tell you , I will promote the fuck out of he if you fuck up one more time . that be all . fuck . JOHN Sir , I promise , you be not gonna regret promote the fuck out of I . thomas good . I like hearing that . because in a month my life now could be you life : a cushy $ 38,000 - a- year branch manager who 's personal friend with Tom skerritt . it 's not a bad life , be it ? JOHN n--no. ( continued ) 19 continued : thomas do you know I be friend with Tom skerritt ? JOHN no . thomas I will show you something I do not show too many people , because I do not want anyone treat I differently . Thomas take out a frame picture of himself with Tom skerritt . thomas ( cont 'd ) that 's I and Tom skerritt . JOHN ( slightly overdone ) wowwww . thomas goddamn right , wow . now get outta here . I be gonna dock you for be late , and for the scratch on that car . try and be a little more responsible tomorrow . JOHN I will , sir . thank you . I will not let you down , Goose . thomas what ? JOHN top gun . thomas so ? JOHN Tom skerritt . thomas oh. John exit . int . LIBERTY rent-a-car front office - moment later John emerge from Thomas ' office , and walk out into the front desk area . ( continued ) 20 continued : we see he coworker , guy ( a burly Patrick - warburton type ) , hand a car key and a rental envelope to a pleasant - look couple . he look tired , dishevel , and a little bruise . guy there you go , here 's you key and rental agreement , and a complimentary map of Boston . thanks for choose Liberty , drive safely . husband / wife thank you . / thanks so much . the couple exit . guy turn to face John . guy hey , hear you get bust . JOHN Jesus , guy , you look like shit , what happen ? guy I do not know , man . I get fuckin ' waste last night , and my phone say I texted somebody at 3:15 ask they to beat I up . and then at 4:30 I texted the same person say thanks . JOHN and you do not remember it ? guy no . same as last time . JOHN it ... it just seem gay , do not it ? guy I do not know . maybe , yeah . JOHN do you think you be part of some , like , gay beat - up underworld ? like one of that gay beat - up club ? guy I do not know . I dig chick . I do not remember any of it , I be so fuck up . I might be gay , I do not know . you mind cover for I for a bit ? I be gonna go lay down in the john . ( continued ) 21 continued : guy start to leave , when alix , a foreign guy with a vague european accent , long dark hair , and a great tan walk up . alix hey you buddy . where 's it hang ? guy / JOHN hey alix . / hey , how be the club last night ? alix ah , I do not get in because the bouncer be doucheface , but I make friend in the line . guy oh , well , that 's good I guess . we see tanya , a unbelievably gorgeous salesgirl , enter from the back with a set of key . tanya hi you guy . over the follow , Tanya put the key away , walk over to she station and sit . alix you look so pretty today . tanya aw , thanks alix , I work out this morning . alix I can tell , you be less fat than you have be . JOHN hey guy , do anybody know a nice restaurant ? like something where the napkin be cloth ? guy for what ? JOHN lori and I have be dating four year tomorrow , and I want to take she someplace nice . tanya oh wow , congratulation , John . ( continued ) 22 continued : guy you guy `ve be goin ' out for four year ? JOHN yeah . guy that be in -- ( high - pitched ) -- saaaane , my longest relationship be like six month , and then she farted in she sleep . I be like , I be outta here , man . be go before she wake up . JOHN wow , you be ... not very tolerant , huh . guy lori ever fart in front of you ? JOHN yes . guy really . JOHN yes . many time . guy you italian ? JOHN no . guy oh. JOHN why ? guy I dunno , just seem like -- never mind , take she to benihana . tanya do not you think after four year , maybe she 's probably hope for something more than dinner ? JOHN like what ? ( continued ) 23 continued : tanya well , if I be she , I would be expect a proposal . JOHN oh come on , nobody 's expect anybody to propose . Marriage be not ... I mean , be not love enough ? I submit that love be enough . guy you could put the ring in she ass and let she fart it out . ext . / estab . JOHN and lori be apartment - late afternoon int . JOHN and lori be apartment - same John and Ted sit on the couch , in the same exact spot we see they earlier , bookend the day . John drink a beer as they watch tv . Ted light up a bong and inhale . the tv blare the open title of the 1980 film " flash Gordon . " as " flash 's theme " play : JOHN so bad , but so good . ted yes , a study in contrast . JOHN oh , I love this part . ( singing along ) he's for every one of US ! ted ( singing along ) stand for every one of US ! JOHN ( singing along ) he'll save with a mighty hand / every man every woman every child with a mighty flash ! ted fuck yeah , flash ! ( then ) hey , before I forget , let 's nail down a plan for the bruin game tomorrow night . JOHN I can not , I be take lori to dinner . ( continued ) 24 continued : ted for what ? JOHN well , we have be dating four year tomorrow . ted oh , fuck I . Nice . JOHN lemme ask you something ... you do not think she 's gonna be expect something ... big , do you ? ted ( beat ) what , like anal ? JOHN no , like ... a circular gold thing on the finger . ted oh , fuck that ! it 's four year ! you and I have be together 27 year ! Ted jump on John , and start playfully punch he in the face . ted ( cont 'd ) where 's my ring , johnny ? where 's my ring , asshole ? JOHN stop it ! Jesus Christ , knock it off ! he throw Ted off of he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I mean , do you think she might be expect I to make that kinda move ? ted no , John . it 's a bad idea . and it 's the wrong time . what with the economy and ... the credit bubble ... the Supreme Court ... I mean , look at Haiti . JOHN I guess I do not think about that . angle on tv - we see flash Gordon face ming the merciless . ( continued ) 25 continued : klytus ( on tv ) who be you ? flash ( on tv ) flash Gordon . quarterback . New York jet . JOHN this be the american fantasy , right here . a professional NFL player be call upon to save the world . ted Tom brady could do that . JOHN Tom brady could do that . the front door open and lori , a attractive girl in she mid to late 20' , enter hold several grocery bag . lori hi guy . JOHN hey , sweetie . ted hey , lori. John get up and give lori a kiss . lori ooh . I think you just get I stone . JOHN ( re : groceries ) what do we get there ? lori Turkey burger . ted oh. okay . be we have homo over for dinner or something ? lori ( wiseass ) no , just you homo . ted / JOHN whoa !!! ( continued ) 26 continued : ted she 's funny , John . you get yourself a regular Toni collette . lori wait , who 's that ? be that good ? JOHN she 's a comedienne . lori oh nice . be she pretty ? JOHN she 's as pretty as she be funny . how be work ? lori good . JOHN how 's you dickhead boss ? lori rex be fine . he only hit on I once today , so that 's good . JOHN I be not say this to be mean , but I really hope that fucker get leukemia . lori he 's harmless , I can handle it . ted hey johnny , while you be up , grab I a beer , huh ? JOHN ( crossing to fridge ) oh yeah , a coupla ' Charles brew -kowskis ? ted yes , a brew-stoy-ovski would be nice right about now . we see lori roll she eye . she 's hear this before . lori Jesus . JOHN maybe a Mike brew-ga-slow-ski? ( continued ) 27 continued : ted perhaps a Ted kazyn-brewski ? lori y'know , I think I might also have a martina navra-ti-brewski. JOHN / ted ohhhh , that do not work ! / come on , do not ruin it , yeah , that do not work . lori bullshit , what do you mean ? JOHN it do not work , the name have to have a " ski " at the end of it . you just put " brewski " on the end of martina navratolova . lori I think we be just do funny name . ted no , it 's gotta have a " ski " at the end . otherwise where 's the challenge ? if there 's no " ski " at the end of the root word , then we would just be idiot say nonsense . ext . / estab . JOHN and lori be apartment - night it 's raining , with a occasional roll of thunder . int . JOHN and lori be apartment - same lori lie in bed hold a iPad , read a gossip news site , with the tv on . John come out of the bathroom , and cozy up next to she . lori ( off ipad ) oh , look , they find that miss hiker . JOHN they do ? what happen ? lori it say they get separate and one of they have he foot trap under a rock for five day . ( continued ) 28 continued : JOHN you know , if you leg get trap under a rock , I would chew it off to get you free . lori ( sweetly ) you would ? JOHN I sure would . ( beat ) be that cannibalism ? lori no , I think it 's only cannibalism if you swallow . JOHN oh yeah , no , I do not swallow . she laugh . lori really ? that 's not what I hear about you . JOHN it 's not true , I be a fuckin ' classy broad . lori ( laugh again ) I can see that . ( then ) y'know , speak of classy , ciao Bella 's a really expensive restaurant . if you want , we can go somewhere else tomorrow night . I do not care , as long as we be together . JOHN you kiddin ' I ? four year we be go out , I be takin ' you to the best place in town . I be crappin ' out room for it for two day , I know exactly what I be gonna order . lori ( lean in to kiss he ) you be disgusting . JOHN and you get to pick any bottle of wine . ( continued ) 29 continued : lori ooh . JOHN any bottle of 2012 wine . lori oh , be the new wine in ? JOHN they be in and they . are. Fresh . she lean over and kiss he again . he kiss she back . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I love you . lori I love you , too . they continue to kiss , become more and more intimate . she start to pull he T-shirt off , when there be a thunder clap from outside . JOHN ah , come on ! lori ( shaking she head ) I do not understand it , 35 year old , and you be still scared of a little thunder . JOHN I be not . we hear another thunderclap . Ted run into the room with no warning and leap into bed , right between lori and John . ted Thunder buddy for life , right johnny ? c'mon , let 's sing the thunder song ! JOHN / ted ( singing ) when you hear the SOUND of thunder , don ' T you get too scare / just grab you thunder buddy and say these magic word : fuck you thunder , you can eat my ass / you can't get I thunder , `cause you 're just god' fart . ted boomp . ( continued ) 30 continued : lori roll over and go to sleep with a groan . ext . / estab . boston high rise - day lori enter the building . int . office - moment later lori get off the elevator , where we see several sign that read " plymouth public relation . " lori go to she desk , look exhaust . lori 's office friend , gina , michelle , and tracy approach . gina wow ... baby , I be not say this to be nasty , but you look really tired . lori oh , I be okay ... except I do not have time for breakfast , the garage be full , I spill coffee on my leg , and I have a boyfriend who can not sleep through a storm without he teddy bear . gina I do not understand why you keep put up with he . tracy yeah , I mean , the guy 's thirty - five year old and he 's work for a rental car service . lori no , it 's not that , I do not care about that . I would love he even if he be a janitor . I mean , he 's get a huge heart , we laugh together all the time , and it 's just a bonus that he 's like the hot guy in Boston . gina yeah but the hot guy in Boston be like be the classiest kardashian . lori I just wish he could get he life together , you know ? we life . and he can not , and I swear to god , it 's all because of that bear . ( continued ) 31 continued : michelle you should give he a ultimatum : it 's you or the bear . lori I can not do that , he would be devastate . and I mean ... what if he choose Ted ? michelle oh come on , you do not really think that . lori not really , but what if ? michelle well then ... thing happen for a reason . tracy no they do not . that 's just something girl say when something bad happen to they that they do not understand . gina fuck off , Tracy . int . office entryway - continuous lori 's boss rex ( asshole handsome , mid -30' , expensive suit ) walk into the office , and approach the gather of female employee . rex well hello there . sorry if I be interrupt any private girl talk about Channing Tatum 's index finger but lori I need to see you in my office . lori actually rex , I have a lot of work I need to get to -- rex oh , this be work , I swear . lori ( sigh ) okay , fine . lori follow rex and give the girl a " help ! " look . michelle he 's such a asshole . ( continued ) 32 continued : gina out of control . such a sleaze . tracy you guy be so pathetic . you be shitting on rex , and you both have sex with he . short beat . gina / michelle like once . / I be drunk . gina and so do you . tracy well , I do not want one of you whore get promote before I . int . rex's office - moment later lori sit across from rex , who sit at a large desk . lori so ... what do you need to talk to I about , rex ? rex take a frame picture out of a drawer , and show it to she . rex see that ? that 's I on the diving team in high school . we dove the shit outta that pool that year . if you look close , you can see the outline of my root . lori ( annoyed ) you promise this be about work . rex lori , what be wrong with you ? why do not you like I ? I be rich , I be good - look , my dad own the company -- lori I have a boyfriend , rex . I think you know this . rex yeah , the guy with the teddy bear , that 's a cute relationship , but I be talk about be with a real man , lori . ( more ) ( continued ) 33 continued : rex ( cont 'd ) someone who wear a blazer on a airplane . lori ( stand up ) I be very busy . rex well then , how do you have all that time to be in my head ? lori Goodbye , rex . lori exit rex 's office . rex casually get up , stroll over to she chair , nonchalantly brushes he hand on the cushion where she be sit , and nonchalantly smell he hand . int . / estab . ciao bella restaurant , newbury STREET - night int . restaurant - continuous John and lori sit across from each other at a romantically set table . they have just finish they meal . John have the remain of a lobster shell on he plate . lori ( satisfied sigh ) that be perfect . a waitress approach . waitress would you like I to wrap up you leftover ? lori oh no , I be fine , thanks . John hold up the front portion of the lobster shell , which have the face and eye on it . JOHN actually , could you wrap just this up for I ? I wanna scare the shit outta somebody . waitress ( beat ) sure . ( continued ) 34 continued : the waitress walk away . lori ( mildly amuse ) what be you , five year old ? JOHN yeah , but I read at a six year - old level . another waiter approach with a bottle of champagne , two glass , and some chocolate - cover strawberry . waiter senor . senora , here be you dessert and champagne . lori ooh , cristal . JOHN it 's a special night . we have be dating for four year . ( taking bottle ) and hey , all that rich black people can not be wrong , right ? lori it do not seem like four year , do it ? JOHN ( affectionately take she hand ) no , it do not . lori you have no business be out on that dance floor , but I be glad you be . int . club - night ( flashback ) we see lori out on the dance floor , amidst a sea of dance clubgoer . nearby , we see John dance with a girl , and do it very badly . he 's put too much into it , obviously try to impress she . the girl be gamely tolerate it , but be clearly not digging the move . John thrust he butt back in one move , accidentally bump a girl behind he with enough force to send she sprawling on the floor . as the crowd react to this , we see that it be lori . she start to get up , when John turn and rush to help she to she foot . JOHN oh my god , be you okay ? oh god , I be so sorry ! ( continued ) 35 continued : lori ( a little stunne ) yeah , I be ... I be fine . JOHN oh Jesus , I be so so sorry ! I do not see you ! it be a accident ! lori well , yeah , I ... I would hope it be a accident . JOHN do you hurt you head ? lori um , yes . my head hurt a lot . JOHN oh , man . here , let I get you some ice . she sit down . he reach into a nearby glass , pull out a handful of ice , and wrap it in a napkin . he put it against she head . she inhale sharply for a moment . JOHN ( cont 'd ) sorry . do it hurt ? lori ( beat , notice he for the first time ) N ... no . no it 's okay . JOHN ( beat , notice too ) I be ... I be John . lori I be lori. they smile at each other ... int . restaurant - night ( back to scene ) lori okay , here 's a question that will show how much you actually care about I . you remember we stay and talk until the place close , and then we go for late night egg and waffle , and we stay there till 5 a.m. watch a movie on the little tv in the diner . name the movie . ( continued ) 36 continued : JOHN octopussy . lori gold star . JOHN but do that show that I care about you , or I care about Roger Moore ? lori I be gonna give you the benefit of the doubt . JOHN thank you . and by the way , my dance be not that bad . lori ( laughing ) you dance be bad . JOHN I have some cool move . lori so do people with parkinson 's . JOHN that 's not how I remember it . lori yeah , how do you remember it ? int . smoky tavern - night ( flashback ) we see John lean against the bar , wear a white navy officer 's uniform , a la Ted stryker in " airplane ! " as " stayin ' alive " blast from the jukebox . angle on lori , who be up on the dance floor , do up like Julie hagerty . John take he hat off , and toss it o.s. coolly . he strut up to the dance floor , lock eye with lori . they circle one another for a beat . John suavely take off he jacket , twirl it in the air a few time , and toss it o.s. he then strike a " finger up " disco pose , with a bullet sfx . he and lori begin disco dance simultaneously . he jump up , lock he leg around lori , who spin he around in circle , as we cut back to : int . ciao bella restaurant - night ( back to scene ) lori whatever you say , baby . ( continued ) 37 continued : JOHN hey , here 's to four more year , huh ? they clink glass , and take a sip . JOHN ( cont 'd ) now I know we say no gift , but -- lori no , we do not . JOHN -- but , I get you something anyway , in clear violation of the " no gift " rule . lori there be no such rule . John reach into he jacket pocket and pull out a small box . lori look excited . JOHN lori , I have want to give this to you for a long time . John slide the box over to lori . she pick it up . lori oh , John . lori unwrap the box and open it . Inside be a pair of nice , but not- super - expensive - look earring . JOHN that be the one you like , right ? from that kiosk at the mall ? lori oh. yeah . JOHN check out the card . she open up the card , which we see as John describe it . it say , " happy 4 year anniversary ! Love you . " JOHN ( cont 'd ) see , I even write the word with different color marker so you would not get bored while you be read it . lori ( unenthused ) great . thanks . well , um , here . this be for you . ( continued ) 38 continued : lori hand John a small box . he open it up , revealing a very nice watch . JOHN ( open BOX ) oh wow , a Hamilton ! he put it on he wrist . lori I remember you like it when you see Tom brady wear one in gq . JOHN yeah , I mean he be analog , but this be so awesome , I love it ! she react a bit to this . JOHN ( cont 'd ) y'know , lori ... ( indicating BOX ) someday , there 's gonna be a ring in there . but I wanna wait `til I can get you something really special , y'know ? I just do not have the money right now . lori John , I do not need the hope diamond , all I want be -- JOHN I know , but it 's important to I that you have the engagement ring you deserve . and what with the credit bubble ... the Supreme Court ... I mean , look at Haiti . lori look , I be only say this because I love you , but that 's not realistic . you be never gonna have any kind of a career if you be always party and waste time with Ted . JOHN oh , Jesus , here we go -- lori John , please get he to find he own place , so we can get on with we life . JOHN look , can we talk about this another time , and just enjoy we anniversary dinner ? ( continued ) 39 continued : lori yeah . Fine . let 's talk about it ten year from now . JOHN ( roll he eye with a sigh ) lori , we can not talk about this every time we go out . look , he 's be my best friend since I be eight . and I be not a popular child . you have to understand , I have no friend before he come along . he 's the only reason I ever gain any fuck confidence . I coulda wound up like that asian kid at Virginia tech , but I do not . ` Cause of he . so , y'know , I be not that psyched to just , like , kick he out . lori well , it 's good to know that a talk teddy bear be the only thing that keep you from gun down you classmate , but John , you be not eight . you be thirty - five . and unless you be too blind to notice , he 's not you only friend anymore . you have I . and I love you . JOHN I love you , too . you know that . lori look , I have put the best physical year of my life into this . I mean , I be cute now , but in a few year my body 's gonna fall off a fuck cliff . thing will be hang and stretch in way that might scare a man . I need to feel secure in the fact that you will not leave I when that happen . JOHN not only will I not leave you , it 's gonna be even better . ` Cause I can have sex with you , and press you arm fat against a comic book so I can see it backwards . she laugh . so do he . lori and , my boob and vagina will all be in the same place , so that 's a lot less movin ' around for you . ( continued ) 40 continued : JOHN I can do it all with one hand . lori exactly , and you can do whatever you want with the other hand . JOHN I can write a novel . maybe a bestseller . lori we can achieve critical acclaim and become rich just by screwing each other . they both laugh hard . JOHN well , I hope this joke have distract you from the actual problem in we relationship . lori ( sigh ) we can not put the real conversation off forever , John . JOHN I dunno , I get a lotta fuckin ' joke . ext . JOHN and loris apartment build - night they car pull up . they start to get out . JOHN ( noticing ) ah shit , hang on , my phone fall under the seat somewhere . can you call it ? lori punch he number on she cellphone . after a beat , we hear the Imperial March from " the Empire strike back . " lori that 's my ringtone ? JOHN ( laugh , embarrassed ) oh , yeah ... lori what be it ? it sound negative . ( continued ) 41 continued : JOHN no , it 's from the notebook . he reach under the seat , fishing for the phone , as she go inside . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( straining ) this be gonna take some doin' . lori all right , well I will see you upstairs . he continue digging for the phone , as she walk inside . int . upstair hallway - moment later lori walk toward the apartment , but stop as she hear loud music come from inside . she approach the door cautiously and open it , revealing ... int . JOHN and lori be apartment - continuous lori enter a haze of pot smoke , and a very much trash apartment ( empty bottle , wrapper , etc . ) . Ted sit on the sofa with a small group of trashy - look woman . they be watch " romancing the Stone , " which play very loudly on the tv . lori what the hell be all this ?! ted lori ! hey , you be home early ! the lady and I be just watch " romancing the Stone . " get it on blu - Ray . come in a two - pack with " jewel of the Nile , " but I do not know that we will end up watchin ' that one . lori this place be a wreck ! who be this girl ? ted oh , where be my manners ? lori , this be angelique , heavenly , cherene , and sauvignon blanc . I love you girl . y'know , somewhere out there be four terrible father I wish I could thank for this great night . the girl ad-lib " hello , " " Nice to meet you , " etc . ( continued ) 42 continued : lori glance around the room , then scream as she see something in the corner . lori what be that ?!!! ted what 's what ? lori there be ... a shit in the corner ! on the floor ! there 's a shit ! ted ( looking over ) oh man , that 's what dierdre be doin ' over there in the corner for so long . remember , she be crouch over there and I think she be just makin ' a call or somethin '-- lori there be a shit !! on my floor !! ted yeah , she 's pass out in the bathroom now , she seem like she be hop up on somethin' . I mean , mystery solve , I guess -- lori what the fuck !!!! ted lori , if I can -- now this be just speculation , but ... be it possible that this be not so much about the stool in the corner , and more about maybe tonight 's dinner not measure up to you expectation ? lori what !!! the fuck !!! lori be speechless with rage . at that moment , we see the lobster head poke in aggressively from behind the door . JOHN ( v.o. ) raaarrrr !! ted ( pointing ) ahaaaaa ! ( continued ) 43 continued : JOHN ( v.o. , as lobster ) who life here ? I be comin ' to get whoever life here ! you owe I lobster money ! ted ( to girl ) hahaaa ! that 's my friend John . not the lobster , the guy runnin ' it . at that moment , John enter , hold he cell phone . JOHN found my phone . he stop , see everyone there . JOHN ( cont 'd ) what 's goin ' on ? ( then , notice ) be that a shit ? int . / estab . new england aquarium - afternoon int . new england aquarium - same Ted and John walk slowly down the ramp circle the massive see-through tank , occasionally stop to observe some of the more bizarre variety of fish . John be oddly restrain . something be on he mind . as they stroll , we see a nearby man keep a eye on they . he seem much more interested in they than in the fish . this , we will find out later , be donny ... ted God , there be some fuck up fish out there . JOHN yeah . ted Jesus , look at that one . mister tough guy fish . ( tough guy voice : ) " hey ! whatsa big idea ? cold fusion ? well that be a big idea , I beg pardon ! " look at that guy . wasp -y white guy fish . ( tight - ass white guy voice : ) " I do not care for some of conan o' brien 's humor . I do not like irish humor . and this food be too flavorful . I do not care for flavor in my food . " ( more ) ( continued ) 44 continued : ted ( cont 'd ) ( switch to goofy voice as a bottle - nose fish swim by ) " oh hey , sorry I be late , guy . hey , where 's everybody goin ' ? any of you guy get a tissue ? I be allergic to water . " JOHN Ted ... you gotta move out . Ted turn and stare at John for a beat . ted wh ... what ? JOHN it 's ... it 's gotta happen . Ted sit down on a bench , a little stunne and daze . ted what ... what do I do ? John look heartbroken at this response . int . new england aquarium - moment later Ted and John sit side - by-side on a bench next to the penguin habitat . JOHN Ted , my relationship be at a very delicate stage , and , y'know , lori and I may just need a little space right now . plus a hooker take a shit in we apartment . ted hey , look , that be a tough night for all of we . int . JOHN and lori be apartment - night - flashback lori be stare at the o.s. poop in the corner . she be try to pick it up with a shoebox . in the background , we can see a almost panicky , gross - out John peer out from behind the bathroom door . lori ( beyond disgust ) oh , god !! ( continued ) 45 continued : JOHN aaaa , what ?! lori it 's so gross !! JOHN do not tell I , I do not wanna hear about it ! do you get it ? lori no ! oh my god ! JOHN tell I when you get it ! lori aaaa , I get some on my thumb ! JOHN aaaaa ! you can never cook with that hand again ! I be serious , learn to cook other - hand ! lori shit ! JOHN I will get the next one , okay ? int . new england aquarium - day ted she 's makin ' you do it , be not she ? JOHN ( give up the bullshit ) yes . but , that do not mean we can not hang out . we will hang out all the time ! ted what about ... thunder buddy for life , johnny ? JOHN I know . fuck . I just do not know what to do here . I know it suck , but otherwise I be gonna lose she . and I do love she , Ted . ted ( sigh ) I know you do , johnny . ( continued ) 46 continued : JOHN I will help you get on you foot out there , I promise . ted and we will hang out a lot , right ? JOHN fuck , all the time . ted ( arm wide for a hug ) bring it over here . John hug Ted . Ted hug he back . we hear a squeak , and a high - pitch record voice say " I wuv you . " John and Ted pull away from each other uncomfortably . ted ( cont 'd ) JOHN that be the -- the thing -- the old -- yeah - - no , I know - that do not mean -- I be not - gay . JOHN we have get to get you a job . ext . / estab . grocery store - late afternoon ext . grocery store - same John and Ted head toward the store . Ted be dress in a coat and tie , and look very uncomfortable . ted I look stupid . JOHN no , you do not . you look dapper . ted I look like snuggle ' accountant . they pause as John straighten Ted 's tie . JOHN look , I know it suck , but you gotta make some money so you can pay for a apartment . ted I do not wanna work at a grocery store . ( continued ) 47 continued : JOHN well , you have no skill . ted I tell you , I can totally be a lawyer . JOHN as I say , you would need a law degree from a law school . ted I be a special case . I be a fuck talk bear . they might make a exception `cause they be all like , " aaa ! this bear can talk and do stuff ! let 's give he a job and maybe he will give we a few laugh , " but then they be surprised at what a stellar performance I be turnin ' in . and then they practically have to give I the Anderson case . JOHN look , you get the job , and we will celebrate after . John discreetly pull out a baggie of weed . ted and if I do not get the job will we still smoke that pot ? JOHN probably , yes . ted ( patting John on the leg ) yeah . okay , good speech , coach . int . grocery store manager' office - shortly after Ted sit opposite frank , the grocery store manager . we see he name and title on a desk nameplate . Frank sit at the desk , stare at Ted . frank so . you think you get what it take ? ted nope . frank ( a beat , then ) no one 's ever talk to I like that before . you be hire . ( continued ) 48 continued : ted shit . ext . boston common - late afternoon ( over music : ) John and Ted walk across the common , pass various park -goer . the occasional person notice and point with a " hey , be not that ... " sort of look . they pass three cute girl who flag Ted down . two pose with he as the third take they picture with she cellphone . Ted pose for the photo with one hand on the girl 's breast . she laugh hard . Ted wave goodbye , and he and John make they way over to a park bench . they sit . John take out the weed , look around for a beat , then start to discreetly roll a joint . ted well , I be a former celebrity with a minimum wage job . this must be what the cast of different stroke feel like . o.s. voice Excuse I . John and Ted react , startle . John stuff the weed in he pocket , accidentally drop the bud in the roll papers on the ground . angle on a creepy -look man glance at they repeatedly . this be donny , the fat kid we see in the prologue . he have grow up into a thin but no less creepy man . donny I be sorry to bother you , but my son and I could not help but admire you teddy bear . adjust to reveal he son , who look exactly like fat young donny from earlier . JOHN ( a little uncomfortable ) oh . um , thank you . donny I be donny . and this be my boy , Robert . I have to tell you , I have be fascinate by you story ever since I be a boy . I remember see you on the carson show . you be just wonderful . brief angle on the ground , where a pigeon be peck at the drop weed . ( continued ) 49 continued : ted yeah , that be ah ... that be a good time . donny ( to JOHN ) I wonder , be there any chance I could purchase the bear from you ? for my son ? JOHN / ted huh ? / Excuse I ? ROBERT ( calm ) I want it . ted hey , I be not a " it " , pal . I be a " he . " JOHN ( lean down to he level ) I be sorry , little guy , but my bear be not for sale . I have have he since I be about you age . he 's very special to I . ROBERT sit up straight when you talk to I . JOHN ( recoiling ) ew , why the fuck do he say that ? donny do not swear in front of my child . now . we be very interested in the bear . if you would like to work out some sort of arrangement , here 's my address and phone number . he write on a slip of paper and hand it to John . John smile awkwardly and put it in he wallet . JOHN okay . will do . here it go , in the really important pocket for really important stuff . donny and Robert walk off . donny turn and steal a glance back at Ted as they move off . ted wow . can you imagine what that little shit would do to I ? ( continued ) 50 continued : JOHN oh man , I can totally see he just take you down to the basement and really slowly de-limb you while sing some creepy victorian nursery rhyme . John tug on one of Ted 's arm try to creep he out . he then break into a creepy falsetto . JOHN ( cont 'd ) oh , my little sixpence / my pretty little sixpence/ I love my sixpence better than my life . ted fuck you . why do you have to take it so far ? now it 's real . fuck you again for that . c'mon , let 's go find a better place to get stone . they exit . after a beat , the pigeon fly into frame , slamm right into a fuck tree . ext . estab . a shitty apartment build - night John and Ted walk into the building . John carry two cardboard box , and Ted carry one smaller one . int . a almost empty apartment - same there 's a couch , a coffee table , and a couple of box . John and Ted put down they box , and stand just inside the doorway . JOHN well ... I guess this be it , huh ? ted yeah , sure be . JOHN first night on you own . ted yeah . first night in my beautiful new apartment . they say they be be not hardly be no murder here . they awkwardly nod to each other , both know that John must leave soon . JOHN okay ... so ... if you need anything ... ( continued ) 51 continued : ted I know . JOHN seriously , anything ... ted I know . I will be fine , johnny . JOHN ( beat ) I know you will , buddy . they regard each other for a moment , then John slowly turn and walk off down the hall . he turn back to smile and wave . from John 's Pov , we see a diminutive - look Ted give a want wave back . he look very alone as the camera recede . int . JOHN and lori be live room - day John sit on the couch , put he tie on as he watch tv. lori come over and sit down next to he . lori hey there . JOHN hey . lori listen ... I just wanna say thank you . what you do with Ted be a big step , and I know it be not easy , but I just want you to know that I love you for it . and , I think this a new beginning for we relationship . JOHN hey , anything for you . this be all part of the new grow up , adult John bennett . so , get use to he . she give he a kiss , and start to undo he tie . lori y'know , I do not have to be at work for another twenty minute ... JOHN ( guide she down onto the couch ) ooh , that 's perfect , I be only gonna need one . ( continued ) 52 continued : she laugh , and they kiss . lori you know what my favorite thing about you be ? after four year , you can still surprise I . to step up and change such a big part of you life just to make you girlfriend happier ... I dunno , I bet you most guy could not do it . JOHN most guy do not have you to motivate `em . lori I be sorry if I be pushy about it ... JOHN no , you be right ! look , the reason I love you so much be the same reason I guess I take you for grant sometimes . it 's `cause you be ... inevitable . lori ( huh ? ) inevitable . well , that 's ... romantic ? I think ? JOHN no , what I mean be , there 's just no version of this universe where you and I do not end up together . you be inevitable . lori that sound like something Stephen hawking would say to he girlfriend . JOHN but do you get what I be say ? lori yeah , I do . and I feel exactly the same way about you . they kiss . lori ( cont 'd ) ( smile coyly , as she notice ) ooh . be that a flash Gordon ray gun in you pocket or be you glad to see I ? John pull the flash Gordon gun out of he pocket and show it to she . she crack up . 53 ext. / estab . grocery store - day int . grocery store - same Ted be at he station , finish check out a customer . ted thank you , please come again , we have a lot more grocery . the customer exit . Ted sigh with boredom . he turn to ellen , the large African - american woman at the next station . ted ( cont 'd ) hey ellen ? ellen yeah ? ted who 's that over there ? angle on a very attractive blonde girl bag grocery a few aisle away ( this be tami - lynn ) . ellen that 's the new bag girl . I do not know she name , but she seem cute . ted yeah . very cute . you know what I would like to do to she ? somethin ' I call a dirty fozzie . Ted wave to the girl . she wave back . he make a kissy face at she . she giggle and blow he a kiss back . he pantomime hard , thrust , stand - up sex . her eye widen for a beat , as she stare , then smile . he grab a oh Henry bar , and pantomime fellatio . the girl laugh hysterically . close angle on Ted , as white liquid spray all over he face from one side , then from the other . widen to reveal he 's squirting two bottle of pump hand soap on either side of he . the girl laugh and shake she head " no . " ted ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) okay , so that 's where we will draw the line . ext . estab ./ LIBERTY rent-a-car - day 54 int . LIBERTY rent-a-car - same John sit at he workstation , play a tbd video game on he iphone . Tanya approach . tanya hey . how you hold up ? JOHN oh , I be all right . just ... get use to thing , that 's all . tanya it 's gonna be all right . y'know , I go through something like this with my last boyfriend . JOHN really ? tanya yeah , we be dating for eight month , and I be really in love with he , and then he be deport back to Iran . so , I get it . JOHN oh ... yeah . so ... I guess we both lose we furry little guy . tanya yeah . John 's phone ring the theme from " knight Rider . " he see Ted 's name pop up , with a photo of Ted smile open - mouth at the camera , with he arm outstretch and a bra on he head . John pick up . JOHN hey , Ted . ted ( v.o. ) johnny . what be you doin ' ? you wanna come over and catch a buzz ? JOHN I could probably swing by after work . ted ( v.o. ) fuck that , I trade off yesterday , so I get the night shift . c'mon , I be bored as crap over here , just swing by for a bit . ( continued ) 55 continued : JOHN I can not just ditch work , man . look , I be try to get my shit together and be a adult here , y'know ? for lori 's sake . int . ted' bathroom - day Ted sit in the tub , talk on the phone . he have sud in he hair , and there be a couple of little toy boat in the water . from here , we intercut back and forth from he and John . ted John . five minute . and then I will kick you out , I promise . c'mon , I pick up the " cheer " dvd box set , and supposedly everybody talk shit about each other in the interview . JOHN really ? ted yeah , and apparently George wendt confess to a rape . JOHN ( beat ) sometimes adult get high . ted they do , John . sometimes they do . JOHN you will kick I out in five . ted ( v.o. ) John , I have to kick you out . I be extraordinarily busy today , I have so much teddy bear paperwork to get through , it be retarded . five minute and you be outta here . John turn and look back at Thomas in he office . JOHN what do I tell Thomas ? ted just tell he you do not feel well . 56 int . thomas ' office - moment later John stand in front of Thomas , who sit at he desk . JOHN I gotta duck out for a bit . lori try to break up a dog fight , and I guess she get hurt pretty bad . thomas oh my god . JOHN yeah , she 's - - that 's the way she be , she see trouble , she try to help out , and I guess one of this dog clamp he jaw on she forearm , and he would not let go until the fireman show up and have to stick he finger in he ass . thomas Jesus , John . JOHN yeah , she 's pretty shook up . thomas oh my god . ( beat ) up the dog 's ass , right ? JOHN yeah , that 's how they -- thomas that 's how they get `em to stop bite , sure . JOHN yeah . thomas go go go , take care of it , let I know how she be . JOHN oh gosh , thank you , sir . I owe you one . thomas you do not owe I anything , go . John smile wanly , and exit . ( continued ) 57 continued : thomas ( cont 'd ) ( look at he own finger ) Jesus . ext . / estab . ted' new apartment - day int . ted' new apartment - same angle on the tv - Ted danson sit in a chair , be interview . ted danson be there cocaine on the set of " cheer " ? hm. lemme figure out the best way to answer that . um ...are there naked dick in gay porn ? ( laugh warmly ) yes , there be quite a lot of cocaine . I mean , it be the eighty . and I be king . I be king of the eighty . I be Ted fuck danson . and not only that , I be Sam fuck mayday malone . be I popular ? gee , lemme think : be there naked dick in gay porn ? ( laugh warmly ) yes , I be quite beloved . angle on Ted and John watch . they have a bong . JOHN you know , he 's exactly who you want he to be . ted he be . he be . someone the like of which we should all aspire to become . angle back on tv - ted danson Woody harrelson . smallest dick I have ever see on a man . angle back on John and Ted - ted ( pass he bong ) here , try this stuff . I tell my guy to step it up , and he give I this . JOHN what be it ? ( continued ) 58 continued : ted it 's call Kennedy 's head . it 's actually pretty mellow . JOHN that do not sound very mellow . ted no , it 's -- it make you cerebral . like Kennedy . Kennedy be smart . that 's what it refer to . decision under pressure . Cuban missile crisis . go on , spark it up . John take a hit off the bong , then glance around . JOHN y'know , this place look great . ted yeah , it 's all Ikea . do the whole apartment for 47 dollar . JOHN how be the neighbor ? ted there 's a asian family next door , but they do not have a go or nothin ' , so it 's fine . JOHN that 's lucky . ted how 's work ? JOHN suck . ted ah. JOHN you ? ted it 's actually not bad . met a girl . she 's a bagger . JOHN no way , that 's awesome . we should double date , you , I lori and , what 's she name ? ( continued ) 59 continued : ted White trash name . guess . JOHN uh , Mandy ? ted nope . JOHN madison ? ted nope . JOHN Britney , Tiffany , candice ? ted nope . JOHN do not fuck with I on this . I know this shit . ted I know you do , and I be not fuck with you . JOHN okay , brandi , Heather , Channing , breanna , amber , sabrina , melody , dakota , Sierra , bambi , Crystal , samantha , Autumn , Ruby , Taylor , tara , tamra , tami , lauren , charlene , chantel , Courtney , misty , Jenna , krista , mindy , noelle , Shelby , trina , reba , cassandra , nikki , kelsey , shawna , jolene , earline , claudine , Savannah , kasey , dolly , kendra , carla , Chloe , Devon , emmylou , Becky ? ted nope . JOHN okay , be it any one of that name with a Lynn after it ? ted yep . JOHN okay . brandi- Lynn , Heather - lynn-- ( continued ) 60 continued : ted tami-lynn . JOHN fuck ! ext . estab . restaurant - night int . restaurant - same John , Ted , lori and Ted 's dolled - up and sort of trashy date tami-lynn ( the bag girl from the grocery store ) eat dinner . tami - lynn see , I be all piss off `cause I and my friend danielle be suppose to go skydiving last year , but then she get pregnant from this asshole guy , and so we could not go and I be all upset , but then she have a miscarriage , and so we end up get to go skydiving , and it be so scary but it be so much fun . JOHN hey , well ... it sound like everything work out then . tami - lynn I guess god want I to go skydiving , y'know ? lori Jesus . tami - lynn or Jesus , yeah , but whatever . ted hey , be not this great ? the four of we here , have dinner together ? lori , how have you be ? have not see you in forever . lori um , I have be good . not much go on . my company 's 20th anniversary be next week , that 's something . JOHN ( proud , to tami - Lynn ) lori 's a senior vp at a big pr firm . ( continued ) 61 continued : lori it 's not that big a deal . ted company 's turnin ' 20 , eh ? so you can bang it but you can not get it drunk . tami-lynn laugh heartily at this , as do John . lori be not quite as delighted . lori ( visibly annoyed ) I be surprised John do not tell you already . seem like you guy have see each other every day since you move out . ted well , it 's funny , usually the first item on we agenda be " what 's goin ' on with lori ? " so I be surprised that one slip through the crack . JOHN we do , we talk about you all the time . ted right ? JOHN oh my god , remember , Ted , last week we be talk about ... how ... neat all of lori 's shoe be ? ted that be a lengthy conversation . JOHN and we be say like , a lot of woman look like unsteady horse when they wear high heel , but lori have a sort of ... regal ... trot . ted a canter . JOHN oh my god yes . you canter . lori stare at he for a beat , then : lori so , tami , where be you from ? tell we about yourself . I be always ... fascinate to meet Ted 's girlfriend . ( continued ) 62 continued : tami - lynn what do you mean girlfriend ? ( to ted ) be there like a lot of `em or somethin' ? ted no , no , that 's not what she 's sayin ' at all , right lori ? lori no , right , I be -- all I be do be ask . Ted 's very ... attractive , I be just always interested in the ... type of girl that can snatch he up . tami - lynn do you just call I a whore ? lori what ? no , I - - tami - lynn you just worry about you own snatch , how `bout that , honey ? ted / JOHN whoa ! whoa ! whoa ! / what the hell happen ? we be havin ' a friendly meal here ! tami - lynn do not talk shit to I ! lori I be just ask a question . tami - lynn you be a friggin ' snob ! you think you be all cool cause you work at some fancy shit place ! ted it 's okay , tami . ( to lori ) Nice , lori . Real nice . lori what ?! it 's not my fault she can not speak English . tami - lynn fuck you ! just `cause you be all in the business world and shit , you think everyone 's suppose to like , suck you asshole ! ( continued ) 63 continued : ted baby ! baby ! baby . baby . let 's get outta here . we will go back to my place for a couple vodka and strawberry quik . okay ? see ya , John . Ted and tami Lynn exit leave John and lori at the table . lori what a cunt . JOHN ( cover ear in pain ) ooh ! I hate that word . lori huh ? JOHN that word be so sharp . it 's like a electric sword , slashing everything in its path . lori well , you do not exactly stick up for I . JOHN I ... I be try to walk a line here , I want to be fair to you and to he , y'know ? lori yeah , well , I think you be be a little more fair to he . JOHN ( scoffing ) come on . lori y'know , you boss call this morning and ask I how my arm be . JOHN ( caught ) oh ? lori yeah . because of the dog fight I try to break up . JOHN ohh ... ( continued ) 64 continued : lori if I have to hazard a guess , I would say that be some bullshit lie you make up so you could take off work and go to Ted 's . be I right ? JOHN ( beat ) I ... I make you out to be a hero . lori John , Ted move out so we could give ourselves a chance without he . you be not really give anything a chance if you be blow off work to get high with you teddy bear . JOHN it will not happen again , I promise . lori ( with a bit of anger ) yes . it will . a beat . she sigh . lori ( cont 'd ) I wanna break up . JOHN ( thrown ) W ... what ? lori I be just ... I be do . this be not gonna work . we be in two different place . JOHN lori , look , I know -- lori you promise I you be gonna grow up and take we life together seriously . JOHN hey , Ted move out , do not he ? I do that for you -- for we ! and it be not easy . lori Jesus , he might as well still be live with we , John . you spend more time with he than you do with I . ( continued ) 65 continued : JOHN okay , look . I have be get stone too much . I know that . I have be bum around with Ted too much , I know that , too . give I one more chance , I promise I can fix it . lori , I love you too much , please give I one more chance . lori ( beat ) I need a man , John . not a boy with a teddy bear . JOHN I know . done. man , right here in front of you . look at this pecs . man pecs . look at the hair on my upper lip . man hair . I just farted . man fart . lori can not help but let a small laugh escape . she soften a bit ... lori John ... this really be you last chance . I can not do this anymore . JOHN you will not have to . trust I . I love you . he kiss she . lori ( beat ) okay . JOHN aw , sweetie , I love you so much ! you will not be sorry , I swear . she smile at he , then : lori do you really just fart ? JOHN yeah , but I push it that way with my hand . lori oh. wonder where it will hit first . wider angle on the restaurant . for a moment , nothing happen . ( continued ) 66 continued : then , a guy at a table on the right ( sit with a couple other man and woman ) scream into he napkin , follow by he dining companion . guy at table ( furious ) who do this to we ?! guy # 2 at table ( furious ) God dammit ! I be here on business ! ext. / estab . grocery store - day int . grocery store - day Ted 's boss , Frank , emerge from the back , write on a clipboard . he look up , and he expression turn to confuse anger as he see a unusually long line at ellen 's register . frank what the hell ? he walk over to the line . a guy in line turn and notice he . guy in line hey , dude , you think you could open more than one register ? there 's like a thousand people here ! frank there 's suppose to be three register open , for god 's sake ! he look around , aggravate , for a moment , then storm off toward the back . he look around the butcher 's counter and produce area , then walk into the back storeroom . int . storeroom - moment later Frank open the door , and react with shock . reverse angle where we see Ted on top of tami Lynn , who be almost naked . he be do a very close approximation of bang she wildly . we see he furry bear butt pump away , with its little tail on the end . Frank scream in shock and horror . 67 int . franks office - shortly after Frank sit at he desk , address Ted . frank you have sexual intercourse with a coworker in a storeroom fill with produce that we sell to the public . ted yes . frank ( beat ) that take gut . we need gut . I be promote you . ted oh. ext . grocery store - later that night we see the " close " sign on the door . Ted exit , finish off a bottle of beer . he walk around to the dumpster alley , and line up for a kareem - style sky hook shot into a trash can . he take the shot : ted kareem ! the bottle smashes off the side of the can , and shatter . ted ( cont 'd ) you suck , kareem . we hear a soft footstep somewhere o.s. Ted turn and look around . there appear to be no one in the darkness . ted ( cont 'd ) hello ? no answer . he look around for a beat , and find nothing . he turn ... and find himself face donny , who stand eerily light by a single outdoor wall bulb . donny hello , Ted . ted gah ! uh ... hi there . donny be you all alone out here ? ( continued ) 68 continued : ted uh ... no . no I be not . I be ... you know , you be never alone when you be with Christ . donny you know , Robert and I could give you a very , very good home . ted I be ... I be pretty happy where I be . I just get a shitty new apartment -- donny I can offer you six thousand dollar in railroad bond . they be leave to I by my father . ted well , gosh , you know , since I just return from active duty in the Civil War , that sound really appeal . oh wait , no , that be a hundred and fifty year ago , and I do not give a shit . tami-lynn approach . tami - lynn teddy , come on -- we be gonna have pop tart and cigarettes with my mom before she go to work . ted yeah , I be comin ' , sweetheart . ( to donny ) yeah , my dance card be quite full , so I be gonna have to decline . donny I really wish you would not ... ted yeah , sorry . but , ah ... you know , I would like to thank you for creepin ' up my night , and ... Jesus be with you . in Christ . Ted hurry off . angle on donny , who look eerily determine . 69 ext . / estab . rex's house - night John and lori walk up to the fabulously expansive house in Cambridge . it 's a very impressive estate with no expense spare . lori ( smile at he warmly ) I be glad you be here . JOHN yeah , I too . be it cool if I kick you boss ' ass ? that will not affect you workplace chemistry , will it ? lori play nice . please . rex throw open the door . rex there she be ! I be worried you be not come ! ( to JOHN ) hi kiddo , how ya doin ' ? where 's you bunny rabbit ? JOHN he 's a bear . rex ( ushere they in ) get it . " hey , this house be fuck huge ! " I know guy , try not to get lose . int . rex's house - continuous the party be a very costly - look event : uniform server walk around with trays of cocktail and hor d'ouvre , table laden with lavish - look food display and floral arrangement , a 20 - piece big band , and hundred of guest . a large banner read " happy 20th anniversary , plymouth Public Relations . " rex oh , here come the lady . gina , Michelle , and Tracy approach . everyone adlib they hellos to John and lori . a waiter walk by with a tray of champagne . lori and the girl each take a glass . ( continued ) 70 continued : rex ( cont 'd ) say listen , why do not John and I give you gal a chance to talk tampax while we go grab a drink at the bar , huh ? lori sure . int . rex's house - continuous - stair and upstair rex and John be walk up the stair to the second floor of he house . rex point out various item buy at auction . John be visibly unenthuse . he do not like this guy , and definitely do not trust he . rex ... and that 's a Wade bogg autograph bat . just barely outbid phil donahue for that at auction . JOHN wow , cool . rex yeah , cool . and that box glove be wear by Joe Louis in he first fight . ( pass a abstract painting ) this be art . do you get it ? ( pass wall mount pair of glass ) ) this be John Lennon 's glass . Worth about two million dollar . ( pass photo on wall ) ) that 's I and Tom skerritt . oh , and check this out . rex indicate a small , bronze - color item on a stand . rex ( cont 'd ) see that ? know what that be ? JOHN ( touching it ) no . rex that 's lance armstrong 's nut . John quickly pull he hand away . rex ( cont 'd ) something , be not it ? have it freeze- dry and bronze . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 continued : rex ( cont 'd ) every now and then , when I feel like my life 's gettin ' I down and thing be tough , I just come in here and look at it , and it remind I that thing be not so bad . that some people have it worse than I . I mean , he 's only get one ball , and I have three . one of they , of course , be he . JOHN that 's inspiring . you have lead a rich life . rex I have fuck the shit outta life . ( then ) so talk to I , Goose . how be thing with you and lori ? JOHN thing be great , actually . rex that 's good , that 's good . JOHN you know ... lori would hate I for say this , but ... she 's tell I how you be at the office , and ... as one gentleman to another , I just wanna say I really hope you fuck get Lou gehrig 's disease . rex whoa , whoa , okay , look , I think I oughtta just clear the air here a little . I ... just want you to know that ... I mean , yeah , I be kind of a " fun- time boss " and whatnot , but ... look man , I do that with everybody at the office ! I be just a kook ! I have no design on you girlfriend . we work together , and that 's it . I think you be a great guy and she 's very lucky . John be a bit surprised , not unpleasantly so , to hear this . JOHN well ... that 's good to hear . rex well , that 's how it be , so ... there we go . JOHN okay . ( continued ) 72 continued : rex yeah . they stand there for a beat , look at lance armstrong 's nut . John 's phone ring the " knight Rider " theme . John answer it . JOHN hey , Ted . intercut periodically between JOHN and ted , who stand in the foreground with one finger in he ear . in the background , we see a party in full swing . ted ( v.o. ) johnny ! you gotta get over here , man ! JOHN why ? what 's go on ? ted ( v.o. ) I be havin ' a little impromptu thing with some people , and John ... Sam Jones be here . JOHN what ?! ted ( v.o. ) Sam Jones . flash fuck Gordon . be here . JOHN Holy shit ! how ? int . ted' apartment - continuous ted remember I say , my buddy 's cousin be friend with Sam Jones ? my buddy 's in town with he cousin and who 's with `em ? Sam Jones !! int . rex's house - continuous ted ( v.o. ) Sam Jones be here , and John ... ( softly , into phone ) ...his hair be parte down the middle . JOHN ( equally softly ) just like in the movie . ( continued ) 73 continued : ted get over here . JOHN fuck ! I can not ... I be with lori . I be already on probation here . John look down at the main area of the party , and see lori happily chat with she co-worker . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( agonized ) I just ... I can not . int . ted' apartment - continuous ted John . there be moment in a man 's life : Nathan hale , " I regret that I have but one life to give for my country . " Alan hale , " yes , I accept the role of the skipper on ` gilligan 's Island . ' " int . rex's house - continuous ted ( v.o. ) John , this be you Alan hale moment . for god 's sake , come share this with I . JOHN ( beat , then : ) I be come . John hang up . JOHN ( cont 'd ) rex . I gotta go . I will be back in thirty minute top , but lori can not find out . she absolutely can not know I be go . if you can cover for I ... we be cool on all that other stuff . rex I get you back , my friend . be there . she will never know . JOHN this be one man to another . I do not really know you , but I be trust you . as a man . this be serious . can I trust you ? ( continued ) 74 continued : rex dude . one man to another . I get you on this . JOHN ( relaxing somewhat ) okay . thank you . John race o.s.... and rex raise he scotch glass to he mouth . rex ( smiling ) I be gonna make traditional to you girlfriend . and then fuck she in the ass . all right . we have a game plan . ext . rex's house - moment later the " football fight " music from " flash Gordon " start play , as John bolt o.s. ext . rex's house - moment later John sprint out of the house and run down the walkway . he leap over a hedge toward the parking area . he slide across the hood of lori 's car , get in , quickly start the car , and back out . ext . boston ( various ) - night CUT to various shot of John racing through the city on he way to Ted 's . finally , he pull up to Ted 's apartment . int . ted' apartment - moment later John throw open the door . the place be as lively as it can be . the party be pack with people , include alix and Tanya , John 's co-worker from Liberty . there be also a large number of booze - swilling guy and hot chick . Ted run up , wear a blazer . ted johnny ! thank Christ you make it ! JOHN ( quickly ) I get ten minute , where 's flash Gordon ? ( continued ) 75 continued : ted okay , get ready , man . ( to someone o.s. ) hey , Sam ! this be the guy I be tellin' you about ! John turn to look in the direction Ted be indicate . the shot slow down into slo - mo as John 's eye widen , and he see ... opposite angle - across the room , SAM J. jone turn in slo - mo to face John . he be inexplicably still sport the same hairstyle he have in the " flash Gordon " movie . we hear the theme from " flash Gordon . " we intercut back and forth from he to John : on JOHN - he stand freeze in awe . on SAM - he smile as he begin to walk toward the camera , in John 's Pov . on JOHN - he continue to stare in freeze awe . on SAM - still slowly walk toward camera in John 's Pov , but he be now dress in the flash Gordon costume . on JOHN - he continue to stare in freeze awe . ext . mongo sky - day - fantasy Sam J. Jones fly on the fly jetski from the movie . John stand behind he on the back , with he arm around Sam 's chest , as if on the back seat of a motorcycle . John have a huge , elate smile on he face . int . ted' apartment - back to scene on John - he still stare in awe . on SAM - he smile and offer a outstretch hand for a handshake . back to normal speed - Sam walk up to John with Ted by he side . ted John , this be Sam Jones . Sam , this be my best friend in the whole world , John . SAM hi there . good to meet you . ( continued ) 76 continued : JOHN ( in absolute fuck awe ) I ... thank you for save every one of we . SAM you be welcome . hey , let 's do some shot , huh ? JOHN with you ? yes . oh my god , yes . Sam pass out shot of Southern Comfort . SAM ( raise he glass ) death to ming ! John and Ted look at each other , squealing with delight . everyone then do they shot . SAM ( cont 'd ) hey , you guy seem pretty cool . ( significantly ) you like to party ? John and Ted do not answer for a beat . they look at each other nervously . it 's clear neither one have any experience with this sort of thing . SAM ( cont 'd ) aw , come on dude . do not tell I you have never do it before . JOHN ( a little scared ) not ... recently , no . SAM you fella better come with I . int . ted' apartment - shortly after John , Ted , and Sam emerge from the bathroom . John 's eye be wide and enthusiastic . Ted have a little bit of powder on he nose , and he ear be flatten back . and Sam be just play it cool . ted wow . SAM let 's party like the ` 80' huh ? ( continued ) 77 continued : ted ( reverential ) show we how , flash . SAM it 's easy . we just gotta bang a lotta girl name Stephanie . JOHN Holy shit . ( look around intensely ) all this people need to be talk to . int . ted' apartment - later John and Ted sit stare at each other intensely across the table . ted look johnny , if we be ever gonna get serious about openin ' a restaurant we gotta start plannin ' it now . JOHN italian . ted italian , yes . JOHN what 's the special on tuesday ? ted eggplant parm . JOHN chopped salad half price . ted and it 's a non-restricted place . JOHN yeah -- wait , whaddaya mean ? ted anybody can come . JOHN of course . ted Mormons be welcome . ( continued ) 78 continued : JOHN well yeah -- why would not they be ? ted exactly , that 's what I be say . JOHN but why even bring that up -- ted you do not bring it up . you just let `em in . JOHN yeah , but why mention it ? ted no one will . JOHN so why be we talk about it ? ted you be talkin ' about it , I be just sayin ' let `em in . JOHN yes , let `em in . ted exactly . JOHN right . ted good . JOHN okay . ted no Catholic , though . int . ted' apartment - same Ted stand opposite a group of party guest who sit on the couch . he hold a knife . ted no see , I can do this . guy # 1 shut up . ( continued ) 79 continued : ted my teddy bear biology give I superhuman reflex . guy # 2 let he try it , man . guy # 1 fuck it , all right . guy # 1 put he hand down on the coffee table and Ted start do the knife trick from " alien " . he get it right for a few second , then stab the guy right through the hand . the guy scream in pain . ted well , you never shoulda trust I , I be on drug ! int . ted' apartment - later John stand with a pair of fake bear ear on he head , do a impression of Ted as a small group of partygoer ( Ted include ) watch , laugh hysterically . JOHN ( as ted ) hey johnny , I just have a great idea -- let 's go get drunk and puke on car from the overpass ! ted oh god , that be a fun day . JOHN ( as ted ) johnny , you gotta get over here man , I just try this dmt all the kid be talkin ' about , and I be in trouble ! I think I get suck inside my chair ! ted I do not sound that much like Peter griffin . int . ted' apartment - later Ted sit on the couch draw a pair of garfield eye on a topless girl . below the eye he have draw the muzzle and the mouth , and above they the ear . ( continued ) 80 continued : ted see ? there . proof. garfield 's eye look like a pair of tit . tami - lynn okay , you be right . int . ted' apartment - later Ted stand by the tv , sing a karaoke version of " I only want to be with you " by hootie and the blowfish . ted okay , johnny , c'mon up here and do this with I ! JOHN no no . ted come on ! JOHN no , I do not sing in front of people ! ted you and I , we come from different world . you like to laugh at I when I look at other girl . sometime you 're crazy and you wonder why i'm such a baby ` cause dolphins make cry . well there be nothing I can do I 've be looking for a girl like you . you look at I you've got nothing left to say . i'll only pout at you until I get my way . I won't dance . you won't sing . I just want to love you but you want to wear my ring . well there's nothing I can do . I only wanna be with you . you can call I you fool , I only wanna be with you . int . ted' bedroom - later Sam , John and Ted stand by the wall . ted see there 's this one part of the wall that 's really soft , you could punch through it wick easy . Sam punch the wall a couple time , and he fist go right through . ( continued ) 81 continued : SAM / ted / JOHN Holy shit ! / ha ! / wow ! / etc. immediately we see half a asian face dart into frame through the hole . he scream in cantonese , then , asian man what the hell you problem !! you break my wall ! you break my wall I break you wall ! the neighbor stick a knife through the hole . John , Ted , and Sam scream . Sam and John jump around and scream as they frantically try to get the knife . JOHN AAA ! AAA !! break he arm , flash ! cut he arm off !! Sam grab the arm , and it dart back inside . int . ted' apartment - moment later there 's a angry pound on the door . one of the party guest open it , and the asian guy run in , scream in cantonese . he hold a wooden spoon in one hand , and a live duck in the other . John , Sam , and Ted run back out into the live room . the asian guy run toward they , scream first in cantonese , then : asian man you break my wall ! this my home long time ! you break my wall ! you bastard man ! JOHN / ted dude , we be sorry ! we be sorry ! asian man you bastard man ! I try to make duck dinner , now plaster everywhere ! ted chill out okay ? we will pay for it ! let 's talk this out okay ? what 's you name ? I be John ! asian man ( cautiously ) my name Wan ming . flash ( narrowing eye ) ming ! ( continued ) 82 continued : sam' Pov - we see the asian man dress as ming the merciless . asian man you pay many dollar for wall ! this bullshit ! this all bullshit ! SAM death to ming !!! Sam charge the asian man , tackle he . they both tumble over the back of the couch , nearly knock it over . the duck fly out of he arm , landing on the floor . it immediately go after Ted , who scream . angle on SAM , who choke the asian man on the floor . John struggle to pull he off . JOHN Sam , no ! get off he ! angle on ted - who circle confrontationally with the duck , as in a irish bar fight . angle back on the guy fighting - the asian man jab Sam in the eye with the other end of the spoon , and Sam go staggering backward , fall into John . they land on the table , smash it in half . they fall to the floor on top of each other . asian man you crazy ! you crazy man ! the duck charge at Ted and slap he across the face a few time with its wing . ted AAA ! aaaa ! ow !! the asian man call to the duck from the door . asian man come on , James franco ! the duck take one last whack at Ted and waddle over to the asian man , flutter up into he arm . asian man ( cont 'd ) ( to John and Sam ) you pay for wall ! he exit , slamm the door . int . ted' apartment - later John sit on the couch as guy enter , hold hand with another man . ( continued ) 83 continued : JOHN guy ? guy hey . what 's goin ' on . this be Jared . he 's the guy who beat I up . we be in love . JOHN what ?? guy yeah . turn out I be gay or whatever . have no idea . c'mon Jared , let 's get a drink . he and Jared walk off . angle on JOHN , who sit on the couch , look zone out and drain . Sam Jones approach . SAM how you doin ' there , ace ? you comin ' down ? JOHN yeah . yeah , I do not feel good . SAM give it a couple hour , you will be golden , pony Boy . want a xanax ? John look at the clock . his eye widen in panicked realization . JOHN Holy shit . Holy shit , oh my god ! SAM what ? JOHN I gotta -- I gotta go ! shit ! John scramble to he foot , and run for the front door . int . stairwell - continuous John open the door and run down the hall . he run partway down the stairwell , and stop short as he see lori at the bottom , come partway up the stair . they stare at each other for a beat . she look as hurt , angry , and betrayed as a woman can be . ( continued ) 84 continued : JOHN lori ... I ... he throw up all over the floor . ext . ted' apartment - moment later lori storm out into the street . after a beat , John run out after she . JOHN lori ! lori wait ! she hastily pay the cabbie who wait outside . John catch up to she and grab she arm , but she shake he off . she be clearly hurt , and on the verge of tear . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ! I mess up ! I - - lori I want you out of the apartment ... tonight . gimme my car key . JOHN can I please just explain -- lori no . JOHN I be gonna -- lori I have give up a big chunk of my life for you . JOHN I be gonna stop in for like five minute , and then flash Gordon -- lori just give I my key , John ! he reluctantly hand she she key . she turn and walk toward she car . JOHN lori ... please . I love you . she get in the car and drive away with a screech . angle on Ted , who be walk out the door . ( continued ) 85 continued : ted johnny , come on upstairs . tami-lynn' gonna make some rc cola from scratch . JOHN fuck you ! I do not want to talk to you ! ted what ? JOHN do you know what just happen ? do you have any clue ? my life just end . ted oh come on , she will go home , watch Bridget Jones ' somethin ' asshole , cry a little bit , she will be fine , you will talk to she tomorrow . JOHN ( exploding ) be you even listen to I ?! do you give any shred of a shit ?! Ted pause , realize John be serious . ted well ... `course I do , johnny . Thunder buddy for life . JOHN Jesus , lori be right . I should have stop hang out with you a long time ago . I be never gonna have a life with you around . I be 35 year old and I be go nowhere . all I do be smoke pot and watch movie with a teddy fuck bear . and because of that , I just lose the love of my life . ted johnny , I be ... I be sorry . JOHN I just ... I gotta be on my own , Ted . I can not see you anymore . John turn and walk away . ted johnny , wait ! hey , listen ! ( continued ) 86 continued : Ted push he own stomach in . we hear he soundbox squeak out the word " I wuv you . " John do not turn around . Ted look after he , then slowly lower he head sadly . he sit down on the sidewalk , daze and defeat . dissolve to : montage : set to music - song tbd ext . midtown HOTEL - night John pull up in he car , and sadly go inside . int . midtown HOTEL - night John sit on the bed and turn on the tv . he flip through the channel , see various clip of show . eventually , he shut off the tv . he open he wallet , and take out a picture of lori . he look at it sadly . dissolve to : ext . mini golf course - night John and lori play mini-golf . she putt , and the ball stop just short of the hole . John walk up to it , and " look the other way " as he tap it in with he foot . she smile warmly at he . dissolve to : ext . boston common - sunset John and lori be on a swan boat ride , throw bread to the duck . they be both lean over the side with they hand on the rail . his hand move partway on top of hers . they look at each other , and share a slow , romantic kiss . dissolve to : int . JOHN and lori be apartment - night lori sit on the couch , wrap in a blanket , she face wet with tear . angle on the tv screen , where a Bridget Jones film be play . angle back on lori , who be look at the screen , but be really look inward ... dissolve to : 87 ext . beach - dusk angle on a partially full moon . pan down to John and lori , walk along the beach , hold hand . he kiss she on the cheek , then look down , notice something o.s . he lean down and pick up a dead horseshoe crab . he dangle it in lori 's face . she freak out , and run into the water . they both laugh . dissolve to : int . JOHN and lori be apartment - night angle on a birthday card on the table - we pull out to reveal lori sit at the table , with a couple of candle in front of she . John come out of the kitchen wear a apron , and hold a entire turkey with a candle in it . she smile and put she hand over she mouth with delighted hilarity . he set the turkey down , and she give he a big , laugh smile as she shake she head . dissolve to : int . ted' apartment - night slow pan across ted' apartment - the party be now over . everyone have go , and the place be a mess . angle into ted' bedroom - he lie alone in he bed , flipping through channel with he remote . he turn and stare at a picture in a frame next to he bed . angle on the picture it show John and Ted as kid , stand in the snow , smile at the camera . they stand next to a soapbox car that they have build and paint . dissolve to : ext . suburban STREET - day 8 - year - old John and Ted be at the top of a hill with the soapbox racer . Ted be in the racer , wear a helmet . John give the racer a push , and Ted speed off down the hill . at the bottom , he smashes into a tree , shatter the racer , and send he fly out of it onto the ground . a dog run into frame , snatch Ted up , and run off with he . John sprint after the dog . dissolve to : 88 int . john' high - school room - night angle on a tv guide cover that read , " simpson reaches 5th season ! " angle on 17 year - old John and Ted watch tv , laugh hysterically . dissolve to : ext . movie theater - night the marquee out front read " Star Wars : the phantom menace . " we pan down a line of moviegoer , eventually get to 22 year - old John and Ted . John be dress as darth maul , and Ted be dress as yoda . they excitedly wait in line . dissolve to : ext . / estab . chuck E. cheese - day int . chuck E. cheese - same John and Ted share a pizza . Ted have sauce all over he mouth and fur . John hand he a napkin and he wipe it off . Ted look o.s. , then excitedly give John a " hang on , check this out " gesture . he run o.s. angle on the stage , where the animal band play they instrument . Ted be there among they , stiffly play the banjo and look very animatronic . a couple little kid walk up to watch . after a beat , Ted get in they face , scare the shit out of they . they run away , cry and traumatize . angle on John , who laugh hysterically . dissolve to : int . JOHN and lori be apartment - day John and lori paint the wall of they then new apartment . they start to playfully splatter paint on each other . angle on Ted , who watch from the other side of the room , where he lean against the wall . he shake he head in a " whatever " fashion , and walk toward the door . when he turn , we see there be a white stripe of paint go down he back . ext . JOHN and lori be apartment - later Ted exit the apartment , hold a pack of cigarettes and a lighter . he pull one cigarette out with he mouth and go to light it . ( continued ) 89 continued : he then notice something out of the corner of he eye . he react with a take , and sprint o.s. , drop the cigarette and the lighter . after a beat , a skunk shuffles through frame after he . dissolve to : int . JOHN and lori be apartment - night angle on a tv guide cover that read , " simpson reaches 20th season ! " angle on present - day John and Ted watch tv , expressionless and bored -look . dissolve to : int . / estab . lori be office - day int . rex's office - same rex sit at he desk and stare out the window . rex so , word through the grapevine be you be newly solo . I have ticket to see norah Jones at the hatch Shell tonight , and I would love it if you would go with I . lori you be ask I out the day after I break up with someone . rex look , I be gonna cut the shit here . lori okay . rex this be the first time you have be single in all the year you have work here . just go out with I one time . and if you be miserable and you hate it , I promise I will never even hint at the subject again . please . lori rex , I do not think it 's smart . rex look , I be a asshole . I know that . it work for I in high school , and it 's be like a reflex ever since . ( more ) ( continued ) 90 continued : rex ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) lori , the worst that can happen be you have a fun , casual date with a guy who only want a chance to prove to you that he can be something more than a jerk . besides , you be a huge catch and it 's about time somebody treat you that way . lori Fine ... I guess it beat cry myself to sleep every night . rex great . pick you up at seven ? ext . / estab . midtown HOTEL - night it 's raining outside . int . midtown HOTEL - same John sulk on the bed , leaf through a tintin comic book . there 's a knock at the door . JOHN who be it ? ted johnny , it 's I . JOHN go away . ted johnny , open the door , please . I wanna talk . John ignore he . a few beat go by , then the window slide open from the outside , and Ted tumble in , landing on the floor , soak . JOHN jesus -- Ted shake the water off himself like a dog . John flinch back , try not to get wet . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! ( continued ) 91 continued : ted sorry . look , johnny , I know you be piss , but just listen to I for five second . I see lori out on a date with rex . JOHN what ? ted I be serious , John , I go over to you house to talk to lori to try and take some of the heat off you , and I see rex pick she up . they be go to the hatch Shell . JOHN you be un - fuck - believable , you know that ? how stupid do you think I be ? first of all , lori would never go out with rex , and second of all , if you think that by make shit like that up you be gonna make I choose some kind of loyalty to you over she -- ted johnny , it 's the truth . I be tellin ' ya -- JOHN get outta here . ted ( beat ) you know , you be actin ' like a cock , you know that ? JOHN what ? I be act like a cock ? ted yes . you be actin ' like a giant , V - shape - funny-lookin' - guy-in-a-porno cock . JOHN huh ? ted ` member that porno we see with the guy with the v-shape cock -- forget it . what I be sayin ' be that you be blamin ' I for something ' you do to yourself . John glare at he . ( continued ) 92 continued : ted ( cont 'd ) lori be right about you . you can not take responsibility for anything that go on in you life . JOHN oh , and you can ? ted I do not have to , I be a fuckin ' teddy bear ! y'know something ' , I do not tie you up and drag you to that party . I want you to come because you be supposedly my best friend . JOHN oh , yeah ? be that why you have manipulate I for year to stay eternally eight year old at the expense of the rest of my life ? ted whoa whoa , it 's not my fault you do not care enough about you relationship . JOHN you can not stand there and tell I you have not always see lori as a threat to we friendship ! it work out so much better for you when you and I be get fuck up on the couch at 9 be , do not it ? ted wow. listen to yourself . what be I , Emperor ming here , controllin ' you mind ? that 's you choice , John ! and you know , by blamin ' I , you just make yourself look like a pussy . JOHN ( beat ) you know ... sometimes I think back to that Christmas morning when I be eight year old ... and I wish I would just get a teddy ruxpin . ted ( beat ) say that one more time . JOHN teddy ... rux-fucking-pin. ( continued ) 93 continued : Ted stare at he for a beat , then lunge at he , wrapping he whole body around John 's face and head , like the facehugger from " alien . " John stumble around the room , try to pry Ted off . eventually , he stumble into the bathroom , and crash through the shower door , shatter it . he and Ted exchange punch to the face . John land a particularly hard one , which send Ted fly across the room , and slamm into the wall . Ted hit the floor , and run out of the bathroom . John stumble to he foot . Ted scramble across the bed , reach into the bedside drawer , and pull out a Bible . John stagger out of the bathroom , just in time to be pelt in the head as Ted throw the Bible at he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) aaaaaa !!! Fucking Jesus fuck Christ ! god fuck dammit !!! Ted throw other object at he , include beer can and the phone . John and Ted stare at each other for a beat , each one breathe heavily ( Ted be now on the floor ) . John charge at Ted , sailing across the bed , and tackle he , knock over the side table and lamp in the process . John and Ted scuffle on the floor , engage in a realistic - as - possible fistfight . each one get a number of blow in . John throw Ted off he , and back onto the bed . Ted taunt he . ted c'mon , motherfucker ! John jump at Ted , throw a jab at he . but Ted dodge , and John 's fist go into the wall above the headboard . he struggle to pull free as he flail about with he other hand , grab at Ted . Ted dodge again , and scramble up John 's head , jump up and grab the chain on the ceiling fan , turn it on , and cause Ted to swing back and forth . John pull free , and stumble backward off the bed . he notice a tall , free-stand lamp in the corner . he pull the plug out of the wall , and use the lamp to take a swing at Ted . Ted swing out of the way . John take a second swing , but the lamp cord catch on the fan 's motor . the lamp be rip from John 's grasp , it swing around through the air , and crack he in the side of the head . John go down , whack he head a second time on the baseboard of the bed . he howl in pain as he lie on he stomach , clutching he head . Ted take advantage of this . he jump down from the cord , and pull the antenna off the clock radio next to the bed . he jump down to the floor , yank John 's pants partway down , and start whipping he bare ass with the antenna . John yell in fury , and kick blindly at Ted . he turn over , kick ted in the face , and kick the cabinet that the tv be on . ( continued ) 94 continued : the tv wobble , and fall off the cabinet , landing with a crash , right on he groin . John lie there , with the tv on he crotch and he pants down , and breathes heavily . Ted , still daze from the kick to the face , crawl over to he . both breathe heavily . John 's breathe deteriorate into sob . ted ( cont 'd ) ( breathing heavily ) why ... why be you cry ? JOHN my dick be in the tv . John continue to sob . Ted climb down off the table and up onto the bed . he push the tv off John , then lie down next to he . Ted start to sob himself . ted I be so sorry , johnny . I be so sorry . JOHN so be I , man . ted I love you . JOHN I love you , too . John hug Ted , who hug he back . ted listen ... you gotta let I help you make thing right with you and lori. JOHN there be no put thing right . she hate I . ted no , John , we can get she back . look , remember when you be ten , and you hit that squirrel with you bb gun , and then when we see it fall from the tree we both start cry ? remember ? and then we run up to it and try to give it cpr ? and it come back to life ? John , we could do that again . JOHN Ted , we crush its rib cage and blow out its lung try to give it cpr . it die . ( continued ) 95 continued : ted ( long beat ) we can get lori back . ext . hatch shell - night a huge crowd have gather for the norah Jones concert . they cheer as she sing " come away with I , " back by a large string section . angle on rex and lori , who cheer in the audience along with everyone else . they seem to be have a fantastic time . rex God , she 's so brave . you music be so fucking brave !! norah finish the song . norah thanks so much ! we be gonna take a short break , but we will be back in a few ! the crowd cheer . int . backstage - shortly after angle on a dress room sign which read norah jone . we move inside the dress room as norah enter and pour a drink . ted ( o.s. ) hey , play chopstick , you jazzy slut ! norah ( turn , recognize ) teddy !! how you doin ' , you fuzzy little asshole ? she hug he . ted well , I be not a hot half - Muslim chick who sell 37 million record , but I be hangin ' in there . norah well , half - indian , but thanks . ted eh , ooga booga , whatever . hey , I want you to meet a good pal of mine . hey johnny , come on in ! ( continued ) 96 continued : angle on the doorway , where John enter , a little nervous . ted ( cont 'd ) norah , this be my friend John . JOHN ( self-consciously extend hand ) hi. hi , norah Jones . norah ( shaking he hand ) ha . whoa , relax there , sweaty . you ready to bring down the house ? JOHN yes mar 'am . thank you for the opportunity , Ms. -- ma'am Jones . ted Jesus , you look fantastic . norah well , you be probably not use to see I fully clothed . ted I and norah meet in 2002 at a party at belinda carlisle 's house and we have awkward , fuzzy sex in the coatroom . norah actually , you be not so bad for a guy with no penis . ted I have write so many letter to hasbro about that . ext . hatch shell - shortly after the crowd be cheer . norah be back out on stage at the piano . norah okay , I be gonna give my chop a rest here and invite a friend of mine up to the stage . he 's gonna sing a song to a very special lady in the audience who he love very much . let 's give a big hand to John bennett ! ( continued ) 97 continued : the crowd applaud dutifully as John walk out onstage . angle on lori and rex . lori react , shocked . lori oh my god . John take center stage , and look down at lori . JOHN uh , hi. um ... this be for lori Collins . because I love she . this song always remind I of the most important night of my life . the night we meet . it 's the theme song from the movie " octopussy . " the band begin play . " all time High " . inexplicably , norah be play the saxophone with a pair of shade on . JOHN ( cont 'd ) all I wanted be a sweet distraction for a hour or two / have no intention to do the thing we've do / funny how it always goe with love , when you don ' T look , you find / but then we're two of a kind / we move as one angle on lori and rex . rex be visibly derisive , but we see that lori be soften . it 's work ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) we're a all - time high / we'll change all that's gone before / do so much more / than falling in love rex ( fake voice , cover he mouth and look away ) you suck , get off the stage ! ( then , for lori 's benefit ) hey , come on guy ! the crowd start to take the cue . crowd get off the stage ! / boooo ! / you suck ! / we wanna hear norah ! / come on ! angle on Ted in the wing . ted ah , god . JOHN so hold on tight / let the flight begin ... ( continued ) 98 continued : angle on a craze audience member , who rush the stage , racing toward John . crazy guy you be a asshole ! John flinch as he raise the mic stand off the floor at the last second , so the base be stick out horizontally . the crazy guy run right into it , bashing himself in the face . he go down , unconscious and bleed . everyone gasp as the music stop . norah Jesus . a few concert personnel rush out to check the guy . stagehand someone call a ambulance ! the crowd be now shouting angrily at John . but he be only focus n one spot in the crowd . he see that lori and rex be go . almost oblivious to the rest of the frenzy , he sigh , heartbroken . a couple of concert security personnel haul he offstage . ext . hatch shell parking lot - night rex escort lori to he car . rex that be insane . do you see the way that guy 's body hit the ground ? it be like a rag doll ! lori yeah , I would rather just not talk about it . rex you want to go get a drink after this ? I feel like I could use one after see a guy almost die . lori nope , I think I would rather you just take I home . rex one drink , come on . lori nope , not really feel up to it . ( continued ) 99 continued : rex alright , alright , I get it . I do not blame you . when you think about it , it be actually really unfair of he to embarrass you like that . lori just to be clear , I be not embarrassed . listen , John and I may have we problem but at least he try . you know what ? I do not feel like talk to you about this . she walk away . rex where you go ? lori take a cab . I be go home . as she disappear out of earshot , rex close he eye and release a fart . rex finally . ext . / estab . JOHN &amp ; loris apartment build - day int . JOHN and lori be apartment - bathroom - same lori get out of the shower , and begin towell off , still reeling with disgust from she encounter with rex . after a few moment , there 's a knock at the door . lori sigh with annoyance , and walk to the door , still in she towel . she look through the peephole , but there 's no one there . she open the door cautiously , and look out into the hall . there 's no one there . ted ( o.s. ) down here , I swear to god I be not lookin ' up you towel . she look down with a start , and see Ted stand there . he 's block he view with one hand . ted ( cont 'd ) not lookin ' up you towel . not lookin ' at you funny business . ( continued ) 100 continued : lori ( pull towel closer to she ) Ted ? what be you do here ? what do you want ? ted I need to talk to you . lori look , if you be here to fight John 's battle for hi-- ted lori , do I a favor and let I talk first , and then you can say whatever you want . there 's a beat . she reluctantly consider . int . JOHN and lori be live room - moment later - day lori , now in a robe , sit down on the couch , face Ted . ted look , John love you very much . more than anything in the world . and he 's fallin ' to fuckin ' piece without you . he know he screw up big time , but you gotta believe I that be be not all he fault . if you will just give he one more chance to be with you -- she roll she eye . ted ( cont 'd ) listen to I ! if you will just give he one more chance ... I promise I will leave and never come back . he will be all yours . just give he one more chance . lori Ted ... that 's a very nice offer , but I do not want you to do that . this be about John and I and we problem . and I do not think it can be fix . ted because of I ! look , you want he to be a man . and I be the one who 's keepin ' that from happen . as long as he 's get he teddy bear , he 's still a boy . and I care about he as much as you do . but I be willing to give up the boy so you can have the man . ( continued ) 101 continued : we can see lori start to soften a bit . ted ( cont 'd ) look , I be givin ' this the best shot I get here , lori . I be beggin ' you . I be no good at this emotional crap , but I gotta help my best friend . please . just talk to he . lori ( sigh ) I will talk to he . ted thank you . he 's waitin ' for I down at charley 's . so ... maybe you could , y'know ... go down instead of I ? lori what ... now ? ted please . you will regret it for the rest of you life if you do not . lori alright , alright , I will go . int . JOHN and lori be apartment - shortly after lori emerge from the bedroom , dress , and head for the door . Ted be on the couch watch tv . ted ( flipping on tv ) hey , you mind if I stay and watch the Sox ? the door shut and she 's go . Ted get up and walk into the kitchen . he open the fridge . ted ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ , what a chick fridge . yoplait , a cantaloupe , and a brita water filter . he open up a crisper drawer , and look at a six - pack of beer bottle . ted ( cont 'd ) michelob ultra tuscan Orange grapefruit . my god , America be implode . ( continued ) 102 continued : he shake he head as he open the beer , and walk into the other room . he settles down in a recliner , and watch the game . after a moment , there 's a knock at the door . Ted sigh with annoyance , and get up . ted ( cont 'd ) forget you key ? he walk to the door , and open it up . ted ( cont 'd ) you know , you beer suck -- he freeze , and look up . we reveal donny , the creepy man from earlier , with he son Robert . donny hi , Ted . ted fuck . donny throw a sack over Ted , trapping he . ext . / estab . charley be - later day lori 's car pull up , and she get out . int . charley be - continuous lori enter , and look around . she spot John , who look up from a menu . he be surprised to see she . she sigh and walk over to he . JOHN lori ! what -- what be you do here ? lori you can thank Ted . a beat . John smile slightly . lori ( cont 'd ) how be you ? JOHN good , good . I have , uh ... make myself a nice little home at the Midtown Hotel up the street . I would show you around , but it 's kinda classy . they require a undershirt and at least one visible cold sore for all customer . ( continued ) 103 continued : lori ( laugh humorlessly ) well . shall I sit ? JOHN uh , yeah . she do . there 's a beat . a busboy bring they each a water . JOHN ( cont 'd ) so , work 's good ? everything good there ? lori yeah . work 's fine . JOHN how 's rex ? lori there be no rex . JOHN oh. good . ( beat ) well ... I guess we can not make small talk all day , so I will say what I wanna say . I could sit here and tell you I be sorry , it be a huge misunderstanding , and I be ready to change . but I do not think you wanna hear any of that crap . I be not gonna try and get you to take I back . why would you ? I have be a really shitty boyfriend for the last four year . I do not deserve you . I do not take we relationship seriously , even though I love you more than life itself . all I want be ... just to end on good term . because I owe that to you . I want you to be happy ... and for we to be friend . lori ( a little take aback ) wow . thank you . I appreciate that . JOHN well . that 's pretty much it . he take out some money , and put it on the table , pay the check . he smile at she and walk out . she sit there for a beat . 104 ext . donny'' house - late day donny 's car pull up . the house be a low -class , creepily shabby -look Boston home ( think buffalo Bill in " silence of the lamb " ) . it 's close to one end of the base of a bridge . int . donny'' house - late day donny carry the sack inside , and unceremoniously dump Ted onto the floor . Ted look around . it 's just as shitty on the inside as on the outside . on the wall , there be a disturbing number of newspaper clipping , photo spread , etc . most be from press from Ted 's media heyday , but some be photograph of Ted and John out in public that donny clearly take himself . ted whoa ... donny yes , as you can see , you have be part of we family for quite some time . welcome home . ted heh , you know what 's hilarious , I get ton of picture of you guy at my house . ROBERT daddy , be he all mine ? donny he 's all yours , my little winner . you have arrive at a lucky time , Ted . it 's almost Robert 's play hour . ted I be guessin ' you guy do not have a PS3 . I be guessin ' you be more of a wooden horse with a wig kinda family . int . robert room - moment later Ted be lead into Robert 's room . it 's a fairly sparse room with some toy strewn about . a wooden rock horse with a wig stand in the corner . ted huh . wig horse . Robert sit down on the floor , smile at he . donny stand in the doorway . ( continued ) 105 continued : donny now , remember , Ted , you belong to Robert now . so you will do as he say . ted y'know , you think you be just gonna get away with a kidnap ? Nice fuckin ' example you be settin ' for you kid . donny ( lean in to Ted with anger ) language !!! Ted flinch nervously . donny move back . donny ( cont 'd ) when I be a little boy , I see you on television . and I think you be the most amazing , most wonderful thing I would ever see . ever . and I ask my father if I could have a magical teddy bear , too . and he say no . and I be heartbroken . I decide that if I ever have a son , I would never say no to he . ted maybe " no " to a snicker bar every once in awhile would not hurt . ROBERT I and Ted be gonna be best friend , daddy . donny yes . you be . happy play time . donny shut the door . Robert stare at Ted . ted Jesus fuck Christ ! ROBERT no ! daddy say no bad word ! ted yeah well , fuck you dad . Ted scramble for the window and try to open it . it do not budge . he take a run leap at it , but just bounce off like a plush toy , and land on the floor . ted ( cont 'd ) shit ! ( continued ) 106 continued : Robert stand over he . ROBERT I say a bad word one time , and daddy punish I for it . ted that 's a great story , I feel like I be there . ROBERT daddy give I a ouch . now I have to give you a ouch . Robert grab Ted with one hand , and get a grip on one of Ted 's ear with the other hand . Robert pull on the ear as hard as he can , and rip the ear off . Ted scream as loud as he can . Robert look at he , hold the ear . ted okay ... okay , kid . you win . we will do it you way . you wanna play a game or something ' ? it 's play time , let 's play a game . ROBERT yeah , I wanna play a game ! ted good , good , hey , how `bout we play a little game of hide and seek ? ROBERT I love hide and seek ! I will hide ! ted well , now , Robert , you dad like you to show good manners , right ? ROBERT yes . ted well , a well - mannered kid let he guest hide first , do not ya think ? there 's a beat . Robert stare blankly at he , then : ROBERT okay , you hide first . ted great . fantastic . okay , now you count to a hundred and then try to find I , okay ? ( continued ) 107 continued : ROBERT do I need to wash my hand before this game ? ted you ... well -- no , you -- god , that 's a weird fuckin ' question , no , just start countin' . Robert sit down , cover he eye and start count . ROBERT one ... two ... three ... Ted grab a chair and start slide it over toward the door . ted okay , no peekin ' , now , or you will get kid cancer . Ted reach the door , climb up onto the chair , and turn the doorknob . he open the door , and exit out into the hallway . after a beat , he re-enter , grab he severe ear , and exit again . int . hallway - late day Ted nervously move down the hallway toward the front door . he have it in sight on the far end of the live room , but when he get closer to the live room doorway , he see that donny be sit in a armchair , watch the incredible hulk ( the old tv show ) . Ted dart back into the hallway before he 's see , but in the process , bump into a small table with a lamp and a couple knick knack on it . one of they , a small ceramic penguin , fall over , make a sound . donny turn and look in the direction of the hallway . donny ( beat ) Robert ? how 's play time ? int . robert room - late day Robert 's hand still cover he eye . ROBERT good , daddy ! 108 int . live room - late day donny Ted , be you make friend with Robert ? Ted look panicky , not know what to do . after a beat , donny lean forward as if he 's about to get up . donny ( cont 'd ) Ted ? ROBERT ( o.s. ) daddy , you be gonna ruin the game ! donny ( chuckling ) okay . Ted breathes a sigh of relief , and walk the other way down the hall . he pass a door . he open it , but it 's just a storage closet . he 's about to shut it , but notice a stapler amidst the odd and end . he hastily begin stapling he ear back on . int . donny'' live room - continuous donny 's hear something , and turn to look . we think he 's about to get up , but he then settles back in . angle back on ted , who put on last staple in . satisfied , he exit the closet and continue down the hall . int . donny'' kitchen - late day Ted look around , and spot a phone on the counter . he jump up , grab the handset , and jump back down . he dial John 's number . ext . boston STREET - continuous John be walk back to the Midtown Hotel . after a beat , lori 's car pull up slowly alongside he . she lean over . lori hey . JOHN hey . ( continued ) 109 continued : lori kinda late to be walkin ' home by yourself . JOHN oh , I will be okay . if I get rape , it will be my fault with what I be wear . lori listen , John ... there 's something I wanna say to you , too . he pause , then get into the car and sit down next to she . she prepare to speak , but John 's phone ring . he shut it off without look at it . JOHN go ahead . int . donny'' kitchen - late day / dusk Ted nervously hold the phone to he ear . int . lori be car - late day / dusk lori John , I just want you to know that ... I mean , I hope you do not think that -- John 's phone ring . he look down at it , annoyed . it read " unknown caller . " he silence it . lori ( cont 'd ) I , um ... I just feel like we should ... keep talk . because -- John 's phone ring again . exasperate , he answer it . JOHN whoever this be , it 's not a good time . intercut back &amp ; forth between ted and JOHN : ted John ! it 's I ! can you hear I ? JOHN Ted ? lori sigh , slightly annoyed . JOHN ( cont 'd ) listen , I gotta call you back . ( continued ) 110 continued : ted no , John ! do not hang up , I be in trouble ! JOHN what do you mean , what kinda trouble ? lori turn , slightly curious , but still annoyed . ted they get I ! that freaky guy and he freaky fat kid ! JOHN what ? ted I be in they house , John ! you gotta call the police , they will not let I outta here ! they tore my ear off ! JOHN wait , slow down ! where be you ? ted uh ... I be not sure , it 's uh -- suddenly , a hand grab the phone away from Ted . he gasp and look up . it 's donny , who slam the phone back down in its cradle . donny ( dark , brewing rage ) you be not a very polite guest . ted shit . int . lori be car - late day / dusk JOHN ( into phone ) Ted ? Ted ? hello ? Ted ! lori what 's the matter , be he all right ? JOHN I do not know . lori where be he ? JOHN I do not know , but he 's in trouble . ( continued ) 111 continued : lori why ? what happen ? can you call he back ? JOHN no , it 's block -- wait a second . John scramble for he wallet . he open it , and pull out the address give to he earlier by donny at the common . he look at it , then point out the window . JOHN ( cont 'd ) go! take Columbus to Herald and get on the expressway ! ext . boston STREET - continuous lori 's car peel out and race off . int . donny'' kitchen - late day donny stand over Ted . donny you have put we in a pickle here , have not you ? we have to go now . ted yeah , good idea . Ted run through donny 's leg , and out into the hall . he race for the live room and the exit , but Robert step in front of the door , block he . ted ( cont 'd ) aaaa ! ROBERT found you . Robert turn the deadbolt on the door , lock it . Ted turn and bolt in the other direction back down the hallway , but see donny head for he . Ted duck into the dining room , as donny lunge for he and miss . int . dine room - late day - continuous donny pursue Ted around the table . Ted duck under the table , under the chair , etc . try to escape donny ( and Robert , who have enter the room ) . Ted slip past they and back out into the hall . ( continued ) 112 continued : he race for the door , but the deadbolt be too high to reach . he run into the live room , and push open a door . int . basement - late day - continuous Ted tumble down the dark stair into the basement , which be light only by a single bulb hang from the ceiling . he land , get he bearing , then freeze in shock , as he see that the basement be load with rip and mutilate teddy bear . ted aaaaaa ! donny and Robert move in to frame behind he . donny we try to make do with other teddy bear . but none of they be you , Ted . Ted whirl around in shock , as we cut to : ext . STREET - dusk John and lori race through the street of Boston . int . lori be car - dusk JOHN it 's this creepy fuck - up guy who want Ted for he creepy fuck - up son . they get he somehow . lori which way ? JOHN shoot up 99 ! ext . boston STREET - dusk - continuous the car make a hard leave . int . lori be car - dusk - continuous John finish punch number into he cellphone . ( continued ) 113 continued : JOHN ( into phone ) hello , 911 ? I need the police right away ! this guy take my teddy bear ! ( beat ) ... hello ? ext . boston STREET - dusk - continuous lori 's car speed away . ext . donny'' house - night donny and Robert emerge from the house . donny clutches the sack . we can see it move as Ted struggle to get free . Robert get in the back seat of the car as donny open the way back door , and dump Ted inside . int . donny'' car - night - continuous Ted tumble out of the sack and into the way back . donny slam the door . he get into the car . donny Robert , seat belt . Robert buckle up . ext . donny'' house - night - continuous donny pull away down the alley . int . donny'' car - night - continuous Ted scramble to he foot . int . lori be car - night - continuous John look around frantically , then spot something out of the passenger 's side window . JOHN be Pov - they pass the alley , where we see donny 's car head out of the alleyway . JOHN ( to lori ) whoa whoa , stop stop stop ! the car slow down , and John see donny 's car make the turn out onto the street . Ted be look out the back . 114 int . donny'' car - night - continuous ted johnny ! Robert and donny both hear this . donny look in he side - view mirror , just in time to see lori 's car swing a U - turn to pursue they . donny speed up , and race off up the street . lori 's car speed up in pursuit . ext . street of boston - night we do several quick cut as the chase blast its way through the Boston street , avoid traffic and pedestrian . int . tunnel - night - continuous donny 's car race through the tunnel . lori 's car pursue . int . donny'' car - night - continuous Ted continue to stare out the back . he then notice a crowbar on the floor in the way back . he grab it , and take a hard swing at the rear window . it do not break . Robert see this , and scramble to undo he seat belt . int . lori be car - night - continuous JOHN come on , we be lose he ! lori speed up . int . donny'' car - night - continuous Ted take another swing at the window . the glass do not break . Robert undoe he seat belt , and scramble back . he grab Ted , who drop the crowbar . he start to pull Ted back over into the back seat , but Ted manage to wriggle free . int . tunnel - night - continuous the chase continue . 115 int . donny'' car - night - continuous Ted grab the crowbar , and again take a swing at the window . this time , it shatter . he drop the crowbar , and climb up onto the edge of the window . int . lori be car - night - continuous they see Ted in the window . JOHN get closer ! lori I be try ! int . donny'' car - night - continuous Ted get one leg and one arm up onto the edge of the window , when suddenly he be whacked hard in the side of the head , send he tumble onto the floor . we see that Robert have strike he hard with the crowbar . ted ( hold head in pain ) aaaaa ! shit !! int . lori be car - night - continuous they continue watch with hold breath , as they keep up . int . donny'' car - night - continuous Ted shake himself off , still a little daze , and climb back up . Robert climb into the way back and grab one of he leg . ROBERT no ! you be be bad ! Ted reach down and grab the crowbar with one arm , and brandish it threateningly at Robert . ted back off , Susan boyle . Robert back off in fear . Ted climb out onto the rear of the car , and position himself to make the jump . he toss the crowbar away into the tunnel . John and lori speed up , get closer to he , so he can make the jump . 116 int . lori be car - night - continuous JOHN easy ... lori I know . JOHN easy -- lori I know ! int . tunnel - night - continuous lori 's car move closer to donny 's . there 's a tense moment with some back and forth cut ... and then Ted make the jump ! he land on the hood of lori 's car , and slide across , grab the windshield wiper to avoid fall off . he pull himself back up . John and lori breathe energetic sigh of relief . ted johnny ! total t.j. hooker , right ? John and lori laugh . JOHN yes ! fuckin ' a right ! int . donny'' car - night - continuous donny see what 's happen in he side mirror . he put he foot on the brake , and the car screech as it drastically reduce speed . John 's car slam into donny 's cause Ted to go fly back through open rear window of donny 's car , past Robert ( who be still in the way back ) and tumble into the back seat . ted God dammit ! Ted get he bearing , and notice the sack that donny capture he in , lie on the floor . he look up at donny for a beat , then grab the sack . angle on donny drive . suddenly , Ted jump up from behind , and throw the sack over donny 's head , brace himself against the back of the front seat . donny yell in anger , and pull at Ted , try to get he off . 117 int . tunnel - night - continuous donny 's car scrape against the side of the tunnel , send spark fly . int . donny'' car - night - continuous donny grab Ted and fling he off he face , onto the floor on the passenger ' side . donny rip the sack off he head , and react as he look out the front window . he 's approach the end of the tunnel , and there be oppose traffic move in the other direction . ext . boston CITY street - night - continuous donny swerve past the traffic , narrowly avoid clipping one of the car . a moment later , John and lori come racing out of the tunnel . however , a truck drive through the intersection , stop they in they track . lori shit ! she pound on the steering wheel , frantically willing the truck to get out of the way . finally it do , and they continue on into the city . ext . boston CITY street - night - continuous donny 's car race through the street , pursue by John and lori , who be catch up again , but be still a way behind . int . donny'' car - night - continuous Ted be still on the floor on the passenger 's seat side . he look around , and spot a " Club " underneath the seat . he glance at donny , whose eye be on the road . Ted grab the club , and scramble up the seat , take a swing at donny . donny duck out of the way , and try to slap Ted away as Ted continue to take swing at he . a few of they land , eventually draw blood . donny smack Ted away . Ted tumble back onto the passenger 's seat . then , with determination , he grab the Club again , scurries in front of donny , and lock the Club onto the steering wheel with a snap ! donny 's eye widen as Ted scramble into the back seat . donny try to turn the wheel , but can not . 118 ext . boston CITY street - continuous - night donny 's car swerve out of control , veer up the street , and crash into a lamppost , fishtail as it impact . the airbag go off as the car come to a stop . take advantage of the situation , Ted scramble out the back window . he catch he fur on a jag shard of glass , slightly rip he side . he hang and struggle for a bit , then drop to the ground . he sway a bit . ted' Pov - we see that he vision be swim slightly . that little rip have do something ... he shake it off , and run up the sidewalk . angle on donny , who scramble out of the wreck car , follow by Robert . they chase Ted up the street . Ted spot a garage with the door slightly open . he squeeze himself underneath , and disappear inside . angle on JOHN and lori - they screech to a stop behind donny 's car . they hurry out , just in time to see donny and Robert duck underneath the door . they run up the sidewalk after they . int . underground area - continuous Ted run down a ramp , look frantically around for a escape route . he dart off to the leave , sprinting up a ramp , follow by donny and Robert . Ted stop at a red metal fence , and squeeze through , rush up the stair on the other side . donny reach the fence , but with he larger size he have to climb over the top , which slow he down a bit . angle on JOHN and lori - we catch they ducking in through the garage door , and run inside . they look around for a beat . angle on ROBERT , who turn and see they ( donny have already make it over the fence ) . angle back on JOHN . ROBERT ( o.s. ) no !! John and lori turn just in time to see Robert charge at they ! ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you can not have my teddy bear !! when Robert reach John , John knock he down with one punch to the face . Robert collapse . lori and John look down at he . lori oh my god . ( continued ) 119 continued : JOHN sorry , someone have to go Joan Crawford on that kid . ( then ) come on ! John and lori run up the ramp , leave a stunne Robert behind . when they reach the red fence , they look around , but it 's unclear which way Ted and donny have go . John continue up the ramp ( in the wrong direction ) with lori just behind he . int . walkway - continuous Ted run as fast as he stubby leg will carry he . donny be in pursuit , and get closer . the chase move past a concession area , and up a few flight of stair . ext . upper seating area - continuous Ted run out onto the upper level , and stop . the camera pivot 180 degree and ascend to reveal the expanse of fenway park down below . a few light be on , and one lone maintenance man sweep the dirt . donny emerge from the stairwell , which snap Ted out of it . Ted sprint past the front row of seat , and come to a dead end . he have nowhere else to go . with donny close in , Ted scurries out onto the ledge , and pull himself up onto the lighting tower . he look down . from ted' Pov , it 's a long drop . donny reach out to grab he , but can not quite reach . donny glance down at the drop for a beat , then pull himself out onto the ledge to go after Ted . Ted climb farther up the tower . int . walkway - continuous John and lori emerge and continue to look around frantically . they run up the walkway . ext . lighting tower - continuous donny pursue Ted up the tower . ext . lower seating area - continuous John and lori emerge into the lower seating section , and run down the aisle , look around with desperation . ( continued ) 120 continued : lori ( spot the action on the tower ) look ! John turn and see the drama play out on the distant lighting tower . JOHN oh Jesus ... ( then ) stay here . lori wait , John ! what be you -- JOHN stay there !! he turn and run back up the aisle , toward the concession area . ext . lighting tower - continuous Ted be start to gain ground , but he slip , and fall back down . he 's about to pull himself up again , when donny grab one of he leg . ext . lower seating area - continuous John continue up the aisle as fast as he can move . ext . lighting tower - continuous Ted struggle to pull himself from donny 's grasp , but he can not . close up on ted' side - the small rip from earlier begin to tear again . close up on ted' face - his eye go wide , and for a moment , he face freeze with fear . ted' Pov - his vision swim a bit more . he know this be not good ... ext . concession area - continuous John reach the top of the lower seating area , and sprint past the concession bar , head for the stair . 121 ext . lighting tower - continuous the struggle continue . as Ted try to pull himself free , the rip get bigger . he react again , and again we see he vision swim even more . ext . stair - continuous John run up the stairwell . ext . lighting tower - continuous the struggle continue . Ted try to pull himself up , but he 's visibly weaken and he hand be slip . ext . - stair - continuous John continue up the stairwell . ext . lighting tower - continuous Ted manage to pull free from donny . he use all he deplete strength to pull himself farther up . ext . upper seating area - continuous John run past the top of the stairwell , and sprint over toward the lighting tower , just in time to see ... ext . lighting tower - continuous donny make one final reach for Ted . he grab Ted by the foot again , and pull hard . with one great rrriiiiiip , Ted tear into two piece . as John watch in shock , Ted fall through the air in slo - motion , a shower of white stuff descend with he . lori watch with a hand over she mouth . the two halve of Ted land , along with the scattered white stuff . donny , still hang , stare down at the fall teddy bear . he start pull himself back over the ledge . we lead and follow John as he run back down through the stadium with desperate numbness . lori climb over the edge of the seating area , and run toward he as well . angle back on donny , who pull himself back over into the upper seating area . he hear the sound of a cop siren , and peer over the edge of the stadium . see a cop car pull up far below , he make a break for it . ( continued ) 122 continued : down below , Ted 's top half lie on the grass , look around in a daze , like a badly wounded soldier for whom there be not much hope . John and lori race to he side , and kneel down . JOHN Ted ! lori oh my God ... ted ( weak , slow breathe ) johnny ... Ted look glassy - eye for a beat . John start to frantically gather up the chunks of stuff . JOHN lori , get the stuff ! get it all ! lori start help he , desperately grab chunks of the white cotton . ted johnny ... John lean back over Ted . JOHN you be gonna be okay , buddy . you understand ? you be gonna be fine . ted ( weak ) Jesus , I look like the robot from " alien " . JOHN no , look at I , buddy . I promise , you be gonna be okay . ted I ... I do not think so . I be ... I be in trouble . I need ... I need to tell you something . JOHN what be it ? ted do not ... do not ever lose she again . she 's the most important ... most important part of you life . ( more ) ( continued ) 123 continued : ted ( cont 'd ) even more than I . she 's you thunder buddy now . she 's -- Ted close he eye ... and die . angle directly above ted as we pull away , and it start to rain ... ext . JOHN and lori be apartment - night the rain be pour now . lori 's car pull up . she and John hurry out , John hold the remain of Ted . they race inside . int . JOHN and lori be apartment - night John and lori burst in with the remain of Ted . they be both drench from the rain . lori frantically search drawer for sewing material . she find a needle and thread , and John put Ted on the table . lori start to sew he up as John watch intently . lori John ... I do not know if this be gonna -- JOHN just try . please . just try . she continue sewing , until she be all finish . they wait . Ted still do not move . John and lori lower they head . int . live room - shortly after John sit on the couch , head in hand . Ted still lie on the coffee table . lori enter with a blanket , and drape it around he . she sit down next to he , bring part of the blanket around herself . she place a hand on he shoulder . lori John ... I be sorry . you do everything you could . I be ... I be just so sorry . she gently put a arm around he . there be a thunderclap outside . John do not react . lori ( cont 'd ) ( almost too softly to be heard ) you be not afraid ... ( continued ) 124 continued : angle on ted ( shortly after ) as a white sofa blanket be place over he . John and lori shut off the light , and exit ... dissolve to : int . JOHN and loris bedroom / kitchen - night John be asleep , but we see that lori be still lie awake . she sigh restlessly , and get up . she walk over to the window , and look out . ext . JOHN and lori be apartment - same angle upward - we see a cloudy sky , much like the one from that night when John be a child . as before , there be a small clear patch in the center . a shoot star whizze by through the open . int . JOHN and lori be bedroom - night lori 's eye widen a bit in recognition . she stare at the shoot star for a beat , then close she eye and make a wish ... ext. / estab . JOHN and lori be apartment - time lapse int . JOHN and lori be bedroom - morning John wake up , look around groggily , then remember . he get out of bed , and walk toward the live room . int . live room - continuous he pause for a beat ... and walk in . the blanket be where it be leave . John slowly remove it . Ted be still motionless . John lower he head sadly . suddenly , Ted 's eye snap open . JOHN Ted ! ted ( retarded - sounding voice ) I be alive , johnny ! JOHN oh my god ! ( continued ) 125 continued : ted ( retarded - sounding voice ) I be alive ! you magical wish work ! JOHN you be back ! ted ( retarded - sounding voice ) yeah ! I mean , when you sew I up , you put some of the stuff in the wrong place , so I be a little fuck up . will you take care of I forever and ever ? John stare at he , confuse . ted ( cont 'd ) ( normal voice ) Nah , I be just kiddin ' ya , I think it would be funny if you think I be fuckin ' retarded . JOHN you asshole ! John grab he and hug he . lori enter . she see what 's happen , and a huge smile cross she face . lori welcome back , Ted . John turn to lori , and realize ... JOHN it ... it be you . you do it . ( cover this line with addition : ) it be you wish . teddy ( smile , speechless ) Son of a bitch ... you wish for my life back . she smile at he . lori no . I wish for my life back . because I love you both . John go to she , and kiss she passionately . ted you be pretty great out there at Fenway , johnny . ( continued ) 126 continued : lori yeah , that 's my big brave man . JOHN oh my god , do you know how awesome it be punch a kid ? I feel so powerful ! I mean if that 's what it 's like to hit a woman , watch out , I like it . lori ( smiling ) I love you . JOHN I love you , too . ( then ) and , I want you to know that ... I be probably never gonna be any more than a guy who rent car , but ... I do not care . you be the only thing that matter in my life . ted ( o.s. ) ay -- JOHN you and Ted . ted ( o.s. ) yes ! JOHN and after last night , I ... I do not ever want to lose anyone who matter to I ever again . I be not gonna wait any longer for my life to start . lori ... will you marry I ? lori ( beat , she smile ) that 's all I ever want . John and lori kiss as we pull away ... narrator ( v.o. ) and so John , lori , and Ted live happily ever after , have discover at last that all they really need be each other . John and lori be marry in a beautiful ceremony in Cambridge , by a very special justice of the peace . 127 int . church - day we hear the flash Gordon wedding March as we angle on Sam J. Jones stand in robe at the altar . Ted , in a tux , stand in the best man 's position . John stand on the step smile and look out as we cut to ... angle on lori , walk down the aisle in a wedding dress , smile warmly . time CUT to shortly after , as Sam Jones address the two of they , stand at the altar . SAM jone I now pronounce you man and wife . you may kiss the bride . John and lori kiss each other . they turn and wave to the cheer crowd . Ted wave happily to John , who wave back . John and lori run down the aisle joyfully , pass pews full of people from the movie : lori 's co-worker , John 's co-worker , ( guy sit with he boyfriend , alix and Tanya , etc . ) . ext . old boston church - continuous John and lori come run out of the church , as the crowd throw rice at they . they run to a wait limo with a " just married " sign on the back . John get in , and lori turn to throw the bouquet toward gina , Michelle , Tracy , and Tanya . Tanya catch it . she turn and smile at alix . then suddenly , tami-lynn burst into frame , punch Tanya in the jaw . Tanya go down as tami-lynn tackle she , and the crowd try to pull she off . angle on the limo as it pull away ... Ted stand next to Sam J. Jones , watch with a smile as he best friend head off . ted y'know Sam , there 's only one way to end a perfect day . SAM jone what 's that ? ted on three . SAM jone what on three ? ted flash jump . ( continued ) 128 continued : SAM jone ( realizing ) right . one ... two ... three . downshot Ted and Sam Jones leap into the air at the same time ... ted / SAM jone yeah !!! they freeze frame in mid-air , as the flash Gordon theme kick in . over the music : narrator ( v.o. ) and that 's the story of how one magical wish forever change the life of three very special friend . insert : footage of Ted and tami-lynn from they double date . narrator ( v.o. ) Ted and tami-lynn continue they torrid love affair for quite some time . one afternoon Ted be catch behind the deli counter eat potato salad off of tami- Lynn 's bare bottom . he be instantly promote to store manager . insert : footage of Sam Jones , walk toward John in slow motion . narrator ( v.o. ) Sam Jones move back to Hollywood with the goal of restarting he film career . he currently reside in burbank where he share a studio apartment with he roommate brandon routh . insert : photo of brandon routh . narrator ( v.o. ) remember brandon routh from that god - awful " superman " movie ? Jesus Christ . thanks for get we hope up and take a giant shit on we . insert : footage or rex at the office . ( continued ) 129 continued : narrator ( v.o. ) rex give up he pursuit of lori . not long after he fall into a deep depression and die of Lou gehrig 's disease . insert : footage of donny dance in he live room . narrator ( v.o. ) donny be arrest by Boston police and charge with kidnap a plush toy . the charge be drop when everyone realize how completely stupid that sound . insert : footage of Robert , talk to Ted in he bedroom . narrator ( v.o. ) Robert get a trainer , lose a substantial amount of weight , and go on to become Taylor lautner . insert : photo of taylor lautner . the end