the lincoln lawyer written by John romano base on the novel by Michael connelly July 8 , 2006 bang in from black , face of a man mickey haller , 40 , lawyer -- tight on he , as morning light fly across he feature . he 's fresh - shave , neat suit , gaze out with a stark / steady focus from the back seat of -- int . lincoln town car ( moving ) in a hard rain -- gradually fade in , under the SOUND of rain &amp ; freeway , he driver , black , 20 , low patter to which Mick barely listen -- earl I be thinkin' , when not -guilty - two get to four thousand mile , that 's two car ready , that 's enough to start the airport run ... ( then , realize ) you gettin ' any of this , Mr. haller ? not this morning . Mick watch the rain without see it . mick just keep you speed up , Earl . Earl kick it , pass car ... Mick take a file from a stack beside he . also laptop , cell - phone rack : his back seat be he roll office . open the file . top sheet : the people of the state of california v. louis roulet . tight on Mick . his eye see back to the be innin CUT to , ext . lincoln ( moving ) - bright SUN - another morning the town car sail along , bright glint off the surface street -- we hear hard rap , tupac shakur -- cell phone ring -- int . lincoln ( moving ) - same time mick Earl - - bud . a command . Earl put in earbud , Rap cut out . into cell -- mick ( cont 'd ) this be haller . man' voice over cell where be you this morning ? 2 . this time Mick 's in a muss suit , surround by newspaper , open file , electric shaver , take - out coffee ... mick on my way to lancaster for a calendar call . why , have you get something ? man' voice ( val ) I get a franchise player be what . reaction Mick : he 's hear it before ... val' voice I mean it , this guy could be money . but he go before the judge at eleven . mick Van nuy by eleven could be hard -- val' voice but this client , listen Mick , he mother 's lawyer just waltze in here -- mick he 's already get a lawyer ? -- val' voice strictly real -estate , do not know he ass about criminal . will you listen ? mick go ahead -- val' voice guy waltze in , ready to put up the family 's beach house in malibu against the million in bail ... mick a million ? what would they book he on ? val' voice he pick up a girl last night -- whatever go down she end up pretty bad . cop want aggravate assault with g.b.i .-- mick have the d.a. file yet ? 3. val' voice no. see ? I be give you ground floor . so make it work for I , Mick . do not let he use the house , get he to go for my bond -- meanwhile the lincoln 's approach the lancaster courthouse , there be car , people -- a traffic jam . to Earl -- mick bring I around to the employee 's gate , I will talk my way in . ( into cell , write ) I be at the courthouse . give I the name . val' voice that would be Louis roulet ... ( pronounced roo - lay ) r-o-u-l-e-t , like the wheel . mick that 's not how you spell the wheel but I get it , thanks . val' voice remember : I steer he to you . mick you be on my Christmas list , Val . lincoln swing abruptly to a steel gate . " employees . " int . lancaster courthouse - courtroom - minute later moving with Mick through the press of lawyer , other , before the judge show up , as a few prisoner be lead into the hold pen -- Mick pick out he client , harold casey , 30 , lanky , with a ponytail and skull &amp ; halo tattoo ... Mick try catch he eye but harold 's clearly avoid he ... mick harold . hard case . ( harold duck ) do not hide from you lawyer , harold , you know what I want to talk about . caught , harold slouches towards he . 4. mick ( cont 'd ) listen . when the judge come in he 's go to want to know if we be ready for trial ... harold we be . mick we be not and you know why not . you have not pay I . rule one , remember rule one , harold ? I get pay or I do not work . harold do not worry , I have you money ... mick right , you have my money , I do not . harold it 's come . I talk to my boy . mick harold -- I look at the list of people I trust , and you know what ? you be not on it . harold the law say you can not just quit . the judge will not let you . I look it up . Mick 's about to react to this jailhouse lawyer -- when a hush fall , and the judge come out : orton powell , 60 ... mick pay close attention , harold . go to he seat ... int . courtroom - minute later harold 's case have be call , Mick stand -- mick mickey haller for the defense , you honor . if I may , I would like to carry this over . judge orton do you have a reason , Mr. haller ? 5 . mick I be have trouble locating a witness , you honor . a indispensable witness . a Mr. green. with emphasis . a look go between the judge and Mick . meantime harold stare from the pen . the judge , to Mick -- judge orton how much time do you need ? would a week be enough ? mick I hope so , you honor . as you honor know , Mr. Green can be hard to track down . a look of understanding . judge nod -- judge orton I be hold this over pend notification from counsel ... then gavel down , for the next case -- as casey 's lead off , Mick join he along the rail -- he hiss -- harold that be bullshit , askin ' for a delay -- I know what that be about . mick and so do judge Powell . he spend a lot of year as a defense lawyer , so he know all about have to chase " Mr. Green , " and he do not look kindly on defendant who do not pay they attorney . now do you get it , harold ? casey will not look he in the eye -- rap music in again , tupac be " life goe on " -- ext . freeway - lincoln ( moving ) - day the black town car cruise south , past dry brown hill ... cell phone ring again ... int . lincoln moving - back seat Earl , unask , put in he bud , as Mick answer the call -- 6 . mick this be haller . lorna's voice and this be you office . intercut : lincoln ( moving ) / int . lorna's condo - day it 's a one - bedroom in Studio City , lorna 's 33 , redhead , pretty as hell , work at she kitchen table in she bathrobe , among breakfast dish ... mick actually I be in my office . on my way to court in Van nuy . lorna that mean Val reach you about he customer . mick oh yeah : " this be the franchise , Mick . " accord to valenzuela every case be " the franchise . " I would have pay my mortgage ten time over by now -- lorna it could be he 's right . I run the name , the family 's get a real estate business in beverly Hills . the Times have they down for some big house sale , movie-star dollar ... mick ( consider ) sound like the media might be interested . call stick , tell he to show up . any other call ? lorna a couple of DUI 's , I quote they the house number . that 's it , you be free after roulet . mick good . then I can go to County lock - up . under which Mick see Earl indicate something on the road ... while lorna react to what Mick say , exasperate ... 7. lorna you be go to see gloria . why do you waste time on she , mickey ? Mick see where Earl 's point : squad of motorcycle , harley , in the side - view mirror ... they pull up alongside : gang jacket , black leather vest ... Big guy ... earl want I to do something ' about this ? ' Cause I can . mick ignore they , you be do fine . face of the leader of the motorcycle , leer at Mick through window , as Mick ignore , answer lorna be " gloria " : mick ( cont 'd ) what can I say , lorn , I have get a soft spot for redhead . why do you think I marry you ? lorna the divorce papers call it temporary insanity . mick lucky for you there be a cure . when -- Earl interrupt , insistent now -- earl Mr. haller ? Calling he attention to -- the motorcycle have pulled in front . the leader signal Earl to pull off . Mick see they be surround . shit . ext . off -ramp for vasquez rock state park - continuous the lincoln follow the harley off , pull to a stop in a lot at the crest of the exit . jag rock , craggy peak . the leader get off he bike . eddie vogel , nearly 300 lb . Skull &amp ; halo patch on leather vest -- same as harold 's tattoo . the " Road Saints . " Mick lower a window . eddie counsellor , how 's it hang ? 8. mick Fine , Eddie , how 's it with you ? eddie ( casual ) hard case call I from the pen , he say I might catch up to you . Said you be stalling he case till you see more green , be that right ? mick if you want I to work you have gat to pay I . eddie we pay you . five thousand . mick that 's long go . I could tell you half go to the aerial - photo expert . he 's go to blow the state 's case by show that the dea violate the air space over harold 's farm by fly too low ... but you do not need to know that . all you need to know be , we have a deal . time to refill the tank . Eddie smile . tap the side of the lincoln . eddie sure , gas -guzzler like this . I hear you get three more . what 's one man need with four lincoln ? mick eddie -- eddie what ? you want another five grand ? mick ten . I be fly the guy in from kodak in New York , he want business class ... eddie and I want harold back on the farm . he 's the best farmer we get , if you know what I mean ... 9 . mick I do not . and I do not want to . either pay I my money or go with the Public defender the judge find you . of course he will not know much about air space , but -- eddie keep you shirt on , counsellor . we want you . he reach into a vest with he big hand . thick envelope . Mick take it . start to count , and realize : mick you have the whole ten ready . what if you would back I down to five ? eddie this vest get lot of pocket . Eddie tap another pocket and grins . one tooth miss . int . van nuy courthouse - holding cell - day camera moving on : EIGHT men , prisoner in grey jumper . six be black . of the two white man , one 's a wet -ey , skanky junkie , 40s . the other be a tall young man , somehow polished even in prison outfit , definitely out of place here -- mick Louis roulet ? louis turn : the proverbial deer - in- the-headlights : scare . mick ( cont 'd ) my name be Michael haller . I have a call . louis yes -- Mr. haller -- Mick stand behind a paint line three foot from the cell . signal Louis to come to the bar to talk . Louis approach , freaked -- louis ( cont 'd ) I -- call you because I need someone -- 10 . mick you want I to represent you for you first appearance . I get twenty - five hundred for that . we can work out what come next . louis thank you -- this be a set - up , Mr. haller -- I make a mistake with that woman , she be set I up -- mick keep you voice down . and do not say anything about the case , not till I have get you out on bail . okay ? Mick 's voice , as always , be easy and calm . Louis nod . mick ( cont 'd ) I understand you family lawyer 's in court ? louis that 's he . cecil dobb . point to -- dobb , bald dignify wasp , a few row in . mick be he ready to post bail ? louis he will do whatever he have to . Mick nod , note the tinge of desperation in Louis 's voice . take out a notebook ... mick okay , tell I about yourself . how old be you ? louis thirty-two ... mick tye to the community ? you grow up here , go to school ? louis both . beverly Hills , ucla . I work for my mother 's business ... mick " Windsor estate ? " 11 . louis it 's name for she second husband . mick how much do you make last year ? ( when Louis hesitates ) if I be go to get you out I need to know everything . louis my tax last year say four hundred thousand . just then , the White junkie lurch forward towards Mick -- junkie I want a lawyer too , you get a card ? mick they will have one for you out there . I need you to back up and leave we alone . can you do that , pal ? junkie back off , do just what Mick say . impress Louis . then Mick , low-voice -- mick ( cont 'd ) listen . they have put some heavy charge on you . the da will probably ask for no-bail ... louis no bail ? frightened voice , the other react , Mick hush he , and ... mick I say they be go to ask it . when be the last time you be arrest ? louis never . mick so if I check you record -- louis -- you would find parking ticket . Mick look briefly into the young man' eye -- he 's scared , fragile -- but sincere . he sputter -- 12 . louis ( cont 'd ) this whole thing be -- mick we be not talk about the case , remember ? not even to the judge . louis do not I even say " not guilty ? " mick today 's about set arraignment , period . you say nothing . louis be you go to get I out ? mick I be gonna try , Louis . ( then ) one more thing : there be lot of lawyer . why pick I ? louis i.. remember you name from some case in the papers ... mick what case ? louis a drug case , I do not know . mick you remember the name or anything ? louis no -- but you get the evidence throw out against some guy -- do it matter ? ( when Mick hesitates ) I need you help , Mr. haller . off Mick , go to , a 8 X 10 photo of a woman' beaten - up face . close . right eye bruise , swollen shut . nose break . bloody gauze protrude from she nostril . lip cut and swollen like a plum . gash over the right eye . fear in she expression ... study it be assistant d.a. maggie mcpherson , 30 . we be : 13 . int . arraignment court - prosecutor's table - later maggie 's in a navy suit , raven - black hair : smart and strong and a beauty . come up behind she -- mick be you the prosecutor who use to have the roulet case ? she start to smile -- until he emphasis register . maggie do not tell I . Son of a bitch , haller . mick rule be rule . maggie I want this one ... ( yield ) alright I will go quietly . but after today 's hearing , if you do not object . mick depend . you go for no-bail ? maggie that will not change with the prosecutor . not with what you guy do . with which she show he the photo : gruesome . mick if he do it . maggie sure . " if . " they only pick he up in she home with blood all over he , but it 's a valid question ... mick I love it when you be sarcastic . can I at least see the arrest report ? maggie get it from whoever take over . no favor on this one . 14 . Mick look admiringly at maggie . at she passion . mick how 's hayley ? a beat . off the sudden shift in topic , maggie start put away the thing on she desk ... maggie she 's good . she like the thing you send she but would rather you show up yourself ... mick how about this weekend ? this take she by surprise . but she take he up on it . maggie okay , I will tell hayley . tonight . only Mick -- do not cancel on she . CUT to , int . courtroom - later a tv camera be train toward louis in the holding area , he try avoid it ... while mick and maggie be arguing in front of the judge ... mick judge , there be no way the state can claim my client be a flight risk -- maggie with resource like this man have , it 's always a risk -- let alone the fact that the victim be brutally assaulted -- judge Ms. mcpherson , the extent of she injury be not the point . I be set bail at a million dollar ... Mick win , maggie lose . Exchange glance -- we're -- int . door to the courtroom - moment later Mick bang out , always move . get the door for he be he friend , bail bondsman " val " valenzuela , excited -- 15 . val what would I tell you , Mick , we get we a franchise ... mick we will see , Val ... val there 's the lawyer - guy , you get he to go for the cash-bond ... moving from Val , Mick head down the hall , through the busy crush of attorney , client , spectator to -- dobb , wait . mick cecil dobb ? dobb Mr. haller . ( they shake hand . ) it be depress to see the boy catch up in that cattle call ... mick Boy ? dobb I have represent the family so long I think of Louis that way . mick he do look a little frail . my advice be , let Mr. valenzuela fix you up with a bond and take " the boy " home . dobb a bond ? but Mrs. Windsor be think of put up property ... mick no good . assess it will take day . by then Louis might be carry somebody 's child . ( before dobb can argue ) so just tap Val for the bond , spring Louis , and take he to you office . we will meet there at four . and head off again . dobb follow he out , to ... 0 16 . ext . van nuy courthouse , day - mick and dobb sunlight . where dobb suddenly tense as he sees : a tv cameraman come out with camera . off dobb 's reaction -- mick yep . media 's already pick we up . dobb Mrs. Windsor 's sensitive about the press ... Mick , a beat . then call the cameraman over . when he come -- mick I see you in there filming . what 's you name ? cameraman Rob gill . they call I " stick . " mick you freelance on this , stick ? stick you client 's get profile , I figure I can sell it to local news . mick how much ? stick ' scuse I ? mick how much will they pay you for what you shot today ? stick that depend . Seven , seven-fifty . mick suppose we take it off you hand for eight . stick hesitates , like it 's not the legit thing to do . mick ( cont 'd ) or do we make it a thousand . 17 . stick hesitates no longer . take the tape from the camera and hand it to Mick ... who 's already count out money from the roll of cash Ted give he . to dobb -- mick ( cont 'd ) I can expense this , right ? dos of course . absolutely . stick take the money , go . dobb , impressed , beam now -- dobb ( cont 'd ) I will admit , Mr. haller , you be not my choice . you be Louis 's . frankly I would never hear of you . but maybe I should have . seem to I I have underestimate you . mick then let 's talk about my fee . ( before dobb can reply ) I will need a hundred thousand up front . work off five - fifty a hour , it will come to another hundred thousand if we go to trial . that 's estimate the trial at a week . appeal , we start over . Mick 's lincoln pull up smoothly to fetch he at the curb . Mick , hand on the door -- mick ( cont 'd ) I take it that 's not a problem . reaction dobb -- hesitates but have no choice . mick get in , we glimpse the lincoln' license plate : not glty 2 -- CUT to , int . lincoln ( moving ) - rap plays , earl drive , as : lorna's voice how would it go , mickey ? we get the case ? mick ( into he cell ) we have get it if we want it . I would still like to know the state 's case , what they have get on he ... 18. lorna's voice what 's the difference ? ' course we want the case ... Mick say nothing . gaze out the window . then ... mick I have get a hour till he 's release . til then I will be at county . with gloria . ( before she say anything ) any call ? lorna's voice only stick . he say he owe you five hundred next time he see you . mick yeah he do . int . visiting area , county detention CENTER , day - on : gloria mickey mantle . you be go to bat for I again ? gloria , redhead , 27 but good look already fade -- greet the arrive Mick in a client / attorney booth . mick you do not even know who the Mick be . you do not look good , gloria . gloria thanks . for come , not for the compliment . Mick 's already paging through she arrest - sheet , see ... mick something new for you , get book on possession of coke , along with the usual . gloria Dumb , I know . a guy pay I with it , I have it on I when I go to my next . mick and you next be a cop . 19 . she shrug / nod . Mick keep turn page , look for a break ... while ... gloria can not you get I into one of that rehab place where they get you straight ? mick we do a pre-trial rehab , last time . the d.a. will not go for it again . you may have to do some jail here . gloria I can not . mick yeah you can . they have get program in jail , too . look , you have have a long run . maybe after this you can finally get out of the life . gloria and do what ? have kid and plant flower ? look at I . Mick do not have a answer . open a notebook , get to work . mick okay , tell I what happen . gloria I do a guy at the Travel Lodge on Santa monica ... mick the one who pay you coke instead of money ? gloria he have a shitload in there . I see . which get Mick 's attention . his wheel suddenly turn ... mick do you know who he be ? gloria no . he reach I on my website . he be mexican or something . 20 . mick ( write , like this --) do you screen he ? gloria do not I screen them all ? mick off what , he driver 's license ? gloria no , he passport . I think he name be , hector , or -- mick hector what ? last name . think . int . criminal court build , l.a . - d.a.' office - day mick moya . hector " arrande " moya be what you get if you run a trace . he 's colombian , a fugitive from a Grand jury indictment down in Florida . the dea want he for drug trafficking . the d.a. 's leslie faire : a woman , well - dress , humorless . mick ( cont 'd ) Leslie ? they want he a lot . leslie faire and you girl 's look to trade ? mick she will give you he motel and room number . leslie faire she will also have to testify on the coke . mick that 's a no. location only . you guy take it from there . my investigator say hector have not check out yet . leslie faire ( as she weigh it ) what 's she want in exchange ? 21 . mick you drop charge , and all she do be a pre-trial Rehabilitation . the facility at usc - Med would be nice . ( when she hesitates ) or do I take this straight to the fed ? which , though veile , be a threat . Leslie hate this . int . dobbss century CITY law office - conference room - day high floor , tall window . dobb , on the CUT , let in mick . Mick 's check the impressive room , vast view all the way to the Pacific , as the other enter behind he : mary windsor ( distinguished , 60 ) , louis ( suit , silk t-shirt , ray-ban . ) another man , 45 , thickly build , enter at Mick 's side . mick Mrs. Windsor , this be raul levin . Mr. levin 's my investigator . accept this , everyone take they place at the long , blonde - wood conference table . Mick can not help run he hand over the surface , everything 's a contrast to he own on - the - fly office ... dobb , to Mrs. Windsor ... dobb Mrs. Windsor , I can not commend Mr. haller highly enough for he performance in court this morning . Mary Windsor nod , provisionally pleased . mary windsor I have a check for you , Mr. haller . and slide it towards he in a envelope . Mick , try not to seem too much in a hurry as he glance inside -- angle , we glimpse the amount , the zeroe ... $ 100,000 ... but : mick I be go to need that to come from you son , Mrs. Windsor . ( slide it back to she ) you can give he the money so he can write the check . but I want the check to come from Louis . he 's my client and that 's get to be clear from the start . no offense . 22. she be offended -- but take back the envelope , nod to louis . he take out a checkbook , write . Mick continue to Mary -- mick ( cont 'd ) thank you . I will expect you to support you son through this in other way . if you be willing . mary windsor do not be silly . I will back my son come hell or high water . this ridiculous charge . that ridiculous woman . mick it 's good to know you will be there when we need you . mary windsor but not now , be that it ? mick we will be go over the case . the d.a. could make you testify about what you hear . Attorney privilege do not cover you . Mary Windsor 's motionless a moment . Rather than respond , she simply rise . to Louis -- mary windsor I will see you at dinner . and go . dobb get the door for she . when she 's go : louis my mother build a good business . from the ground up . mick I have get no trouble believe that . ( after a beat ) I say we get start . all agree , they sit , Mick start up -- mick ( cont 'd ) we first choice be whether we waive we right to a speedy trial . louis no . I want this behind I . 23. mick you sure ? you can stretch thing out , enjoy you freedom . most client ... louis guilty client , you mean . I want this over . Mick 's strike by how firm . mick Fine . we go to trial right away . put more pressure on the d.a. dobb or maybe the case never even go to trial . ( they look at he . ) we firm 's clout be considerable . pressure can be bring to bear -- MI C k do not kid yourself , cecil . ( to dobb and Louis ) no way the state be drop this charge . in fact , they have already upped they -- to improve they negotiate position . louis there will not be any negotiate . ( before Mick can speak ) no plea bargain , no nothing . I be not go to jail for something I do not do . mick it might not be jail . louis even if I walk . I be innocent and if there 's a trial I want to get on the stand and tell the jury I be innocent . if that 's a problem we can part company right now . Mick look at the young man . evaluate . then ... mick time to tell I what happen . Louis . remove he Ray -ban . suddenly : 24 . we're in a bar ( morgan be , studio CITY ) ... night ... camera move among L.A. yuppy , night -player . the scene 's low - key but sexy , expensive ... Waitress roam ... louis ( v.o. ) I be have a drink at Morgan 's , ventura boulevard ... mick ( v.0 . ) Morgan 's , that 's a singles bar , right ? camera find louis at the bar , check out the action ... louis ( v.o . ) right , nice place , good for pick - up . that 's why I be there . look to get laid , pure and simple . back to , law office Mick , to raul , who 's hold a dark blue file : mick raul , what 's the file say about the girl ? raul ( read -- Chicago accent ) Regina campo , go by " Reggie . " twenty six . a actress and a telephone solicitor . dobb and hope to retire . soon as she sue my client . mick ( ignore dobb ; to Louis ) do you know she before last night ? back to , morgan be , night ... hand - held , close on ... reggie campo , mid -20s , the finest sexual kitten imaginable , humor enliven she face and eye and mouth , move ... 25 . louis ( v.o. ) I would see she around , but never speak to she . she be always with a guy . she be with one last night . she slow as she pass Louis , whisper , she lip brush he face as she discreetly hand he something ... louis ( V. o. ) ( con t' d ) she just laid she address on I . on a napkin . mick ( v.0 . ) but she be still with a guy ? Reggie return to : the guy at the bar : 40s , hard like a vet . louis ( v.0 . ) I get it that she be not too into she date . she tell I he would be go by ten if I be interested . back to , law office louis ( cont 'd ) I do not keep the napkin . I work in real estate , I remember address . mick raul . check that file you have get and see if the Police report have any of this . while raul look , Mick explain to Louis and dobb , can not hide some professional pride in raul levin 's work -- mick ( cont 'd ) raul 's already work we a little miracle . he 's manage to score a copy of the discovery file , everything the d.a. 's get . they would have to turn it over eventually but it could have be week . under which , raul 's check the blue file , and ... raul nope . they do not have the other guy . they do not even have the bar . mick all they have get be , Louis show up and beat the crap out of she ? 26 . raul that 's it . louis that be such bullshit -- mick just keep tell I . ext . parking lot , reggie' apartment complex ... night ... louis be sit in a porsche carrera ... louis ( v.0 . ) I do not want to walk in on anything , so I get there early . his Pov , shadow - figure of hard - guy approach in the dark .. louis ( cont 'd ) I wait till the guy come out . mick ( v.0 . ) you see what he be drive ? louis ( v.0 . ) a corvette . yellow . hard - guy get in the corvette , pull out . mick ( v.0 . ) so he leave , and you go in ... int . hallway / door to reggie' apartment ... hand -held ... arrive up the stair be Louis , knock . a little while , and the door open a crack . Reggie , part of she face , peer out . louis ( v.o. ) she see it be I ... continuous as louis enter her apartment ... louis ( V. o. ) ( coast ' d) the hallway inside be tight . I have to walk past she , y'know , so she could close the door . so I have to turn my back to she . we see this , she 's behind he ... as we hear , simply ... 27 . louis ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) then , that be it . back suddenly to , law office . mick , surprised . mick what be what ? louis she hit I with something and I go down . it get black fast . sudden pop to , louis struck from behind ... black out as he tumble ... back to , int . law office Conference table 's silent . all look at Louis . mick okay then . what do you remember next ? louis waking up with two guy sit on I . holding I down . quick CUT to , reggie' apartment , live room ... two guy straddle Louis who be face down on the floor . louis ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) couple of faggot from next door . back to , law office raul Police report have they , homosexual couple from down the hall ... louis like I say . faggot . to which raul say nothing . after a beat -- mick go on , Louis . louis I be still foggy when the cop come ... 28 . back to , live room ... Louis be cuffed by now , hand behind he , cop loom over ... louis ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) she be on the couch tell all this lie ... paramedics work on Reggie 's bloody face while , to a female cop ( maxwell ) , through sob , still frighten -- reggie .he be like a animal ! he say he would rape I and kill I ... then rape I again when I be dead ... Louis look around at he leave hand in a plastic ba bloody . louis ( v.o . ) that 's when I see she would set it up . back to , law office . mick set it up how ? louis put blood on my hand . my leave hand . but I be right -hande , I would use my right if I be go to ... punch someone . which be crazy . Louis mime throw a punch , in the air . inept . dobb Louis never hit anyone in he life . raul what she do make sense . it 's the right side of she face that be hit , she have to bloody you leave . mick Louis : you say she open the door a crack . do you see she face ? louis not all of it ... CUT to , door of reggie' apartment ... open again ... it open a crack . enough for she look out , half she face ... 29 . louis ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) mainly she eye . her leave eye . raul ( v.0 . ) that 's it !... back to , law office . raul ... mime the open of the door ... raul ( cont 'd ) she already have the injury , on the right . she be hide it from he when he step in ... mick and then she clock he ? louis yes . mick so we case be , she beat herself up ? Mick take the file , take the 8xl0s , reggie' pulped face ... mick ( cont 'd ) we be say , she pound she face into hamburger meat , or have she boyfriend do it , hope some far - off day a jury would give she a big fat reward ? louis she must have . dobb of course . she see he porsche , he rolex , it 's know the family have money ... I will wager she 's already file in civil court . Mick . thinks . then , to raul -- mick okay , the police report . let 's hear how Reggie tell it . CUT to , int . doorway to reggie' apartment - night she 's open a crack , peer out ... raul read ... 30 . raul ( V. 0 . ) " accord to the victim , she be at home alone when the suspect present himself at the door as someone she know ... " Louis be there , talk mos . Reggie open the rest of the way . raul ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) " upon let he in , she be immediately strike ... " which we see : the vicious repeat pound of she face , bloody she , but it 's too fast &amp ; jumble for detail ... mick ( v.0 . ) do it say he knock she down ? she fall ... Louis fly down on top of she ... raul ( v.0 . ) yeah , then straddle she . " held the victim by the neck until she agree to cooperate ... " Louis do as describe , strangle -hold ... eventually let she up , turn she toward the bedroom . and ... raul ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) " the suspect maintain a position behind she , hold a knife against the leave side of she throat ... " close , hand -held , knife - point to neck , slight CUT , blood ... resume , int . law office . raul take something new from the file : photo of a bloody knife . sharpen to a point . Louis look at it . seethes . louis this be not my knife . mick raul , be he print on there ? raul that 's what the report say . I be not surprised , if she put blood on he hand she 's gonna put print on he knife ... 31 . louis I tell you , it 's not " my " knife ! Mick ignore , still intent on raul 's read ... mick okay , how 's she say he go down ? raul " as Ms. campo enter the hallway , she push the intruder backwards into a large floor vase ... " go to , int . reggie' apartment - louis falling ... and Reggie scurrying free ... stay on the fall Louis as ... raul ( v.0 . ) " realizing she attacker would catch she at the front door , she duck into the kitchen and seize a bottle of vodka ... " Louis , struggle to he foot , hit on the head from behind .. mick ( V. D . ) and clonke he when he get up ? raul ( v.0 . ) that 's how she tell it . resume , int . law office louis that be all lie , this be bull -- mick if everything she say be a lie , this will be the easiest case ever . I will tear she apart and throw she entrail into the sea . but Louis ... ( he move closer , for : ) you swear it 's all lie ? be there anything you be not tell I ? Mick 's eye burn into he . Louis answer simply . louis nothing . Mick hold he in a long , hard , assess stare . over which , eventually , we pre - lap -- 32 . mick ( v.o. ) the way Louis tell it ... int . bar ( smokehouse ) - night - the entrance mick . it 's just quirky enough . Mick and raul come out , after have a few . it 's a lawyer ' hangout at this hour , other be come / go ... raul quirky enough for what ? mick to be true . maybe it go down just like he say . ( off raul 's look ) anyway there 's a. chance . in a party of law - type , we glimpse maggie , who catch sight of Mick in the doorway ... while raul mull what Mick say ... raul a innocent client . jeezus . mick yeah . but you know what my father say about innocent client ... maggie 's overhear this , give the answer . maggie he say there 's no client as scary as a innocent man . Mick , see she , smile and continue , a little tipsy ... mick that 's right . because if you screw up and he go to prison , it scar you for life . there 's only one verdict . you have get to put a n.g. on the board . ( add ) hey mag . she read the state he 's in . 33. maggie raul , if you let a man drive in he condition I think I can charge you both . the guy look at each other . maggie swipe the key -- maggie ( cont 'd ) I will drive he to he house . raul and how will you get home ? maggie my friend bring I . I will keep the car , he can pick it up at my place in the morning . ( to mick ) get in . and she get in the driver 's side , wait . Mick to raul -- mick okay , you know the move . make the round , check out Morgan 's bar ... raul and Mr. corvette ... mick and Regina campo . the way Louis say she come on 's get I wonder . Mick get in and close the door . as maggie start it up and pull away , and we see the " not glty " plate again ... go to ... int . lincoln ( moving ) - night ride in silence . then Mick , mischievous , turn on the rap . tupac " God bless the dead and bury nigga , do not worry if you see God first , tell he shit get worse ... " maggie you have get to be kid I . mick Earl lay this stuff on I . 34 . maggie where be Earl tonight ? mick I never keep he this late . maggie have not he work you fee off yet ? mick a while ago . but he like drive , keep he out of trouble ... he 's take course , too , in music . maggie you can not tell by this stuff . she snap the rap off . mick you get use to it . besides , tupac , he help I understand my client . most of they go to school on he lyric -- maggie not roulet . mick not Louis , no . Louis be my franchise player , he pay for all the rest ... after a beat ... Office gossip ... maggie I hear smithson assign Ted minton to you case . mick never hear of he . maggie he 's brand new . Bright , though . smithson 's protegee . naturally . georgetown , busy he suit at brook , above all he 's a guy ... Mick look over at she , as she flare , calm ... moonlight line she profile . make self - conscious by he watch she , she move she hair from she face . Beyond pretty : beautiful . 35 . mick lorna make I my schedule . Saturday 's fine to take hayley . maggie Saturday there 's the sponge - Bob movie ... mick I be all over it . how 's she do ? maggie I will know when I drop you and get home to relieve the sitter ... ( catch he look ) what ? mick moonlight become you . maggie ( glance ) that 's not do I any good , haller . ext . mick haller' house , laurel canyon - dark - night the lincoln pull up . Mick get out but stand there . mick thanks . she nod you be welcome . and pull away . Mick 's smile fade as he look up at he dark lonely house . int . mick haller' house - moment later - on : a answering machine , he 's just hit play . beep . voice of a child ( hayley ) daddy , mommy say I could call and say g'night . sorry you be not there . g'night , daddy . mick I too , baby . then Mick hit " play " again . beep . voice of hayley daddy , mommy say I could call ... 36 . off a framed photo : hayley , B , curl , irish eye ... ext . later - night - view from mick porch Mick 's get a drink in he hand . below : L.A. be spread out : Wide , white scatter of light . above : star . int . courtroom , compton courthouse - morning - on : judge flynn , 60 ( put - on irish brogue ) top o' the mornin ' , Mr. mcginley ! you know what day it be ? Mick 's client , darius mcginley , black , 2b : in chain . Mick be beside he , as he answer , confuse -- darius the day I get my sentence ? judge flynn that too . but it 's also St. Patrick 's Day . a day to revel in you irish heritage . Darius do not get Flynn 's joke . Mick caution Darius , low -- MI ck he 's a asshole but just be cool . Darius scowl ... under which Mick notice that raul have show up , be try to get he attention ... while ... judge flynn do you know the origin of you name , Mr. mcginley ? darius slave -holder , I 'spect . why do I care who that motherfucka be ? mick Darius I tell you -- darius the man 's dissin ' I ! judge flynn ( glare ) alright : if you do not care about you name , then I do not . ( more ) 37 . judge flynn ( cont would ) let 's get on with you sentence for the sale of rock cocaine and get you off to prison , shall we ? Darius , piss . raul wave to Mick , want to talk ... int . compton courtroom - later - angle ... Darius lead off by guard -- Mick , defeat , confront raul . mick what could not wait , raul ? raul ( brighten a little ) wanna see a movie ? CUT to , full screen : b&amp ; W video plays , show : morgan be , night fix downward angle on the bar , near the cash register . tending bar , two hot young woman , jeans , white t-shirt ... frame-counter tick off , bottom right : 8:11 p.m. , MARCH 6. raul' voice we catch a break . the owner have a camera install to watch he register after he catch the help dip in last year ... mick voice and here come Louis . Said as louis enter frame , sit . mos , order a drink . we be : int . back seat , lincoln ( parked ) , day : watching on a lap - top : while Earl stand outside the car , as if on guard . . . raul point out the action , work the key ... raul I have the tape transfer to disc , so I could manipulate , y'know ... raul start to zoom ... show Mick , on the screen ... raul ( cont 'd ) I would like you to meet Reggie campo . 38 . full screen video image again - morgan be , night zooming in on reggie and her guy , over drink ... freeze . raul' voice and Mr. x. the corvette-man . mick voice be you sure ? raul' voice would not have pop a grand for the tape if I be not . now watch ... start playing image again , widen to full shot . raul' voice ( cont would ) nothing for like a half-hour ... he race the tape forward ... time code fly ... he slow it as it reach 8:40 , 41 , 42...43. raul' voice ( cont would ) then ... here . Mr. X get up , with pack of cigarettes , go ... mick voice I know the place . they get a smoking porch out front . raul' voice that 's where he goese . give Reggie she chance . watch she . she pass behind Louis , trail she hand along he shoulder ... keep go out of frame ... mici { ' S voice that 's not how he say it go down . he say she give he she address , on a napkin ... raul' voice whoa , wait , she just go to the little girl ' . but she 's gotta come back , no ? and now he fast -forward tape again ... and this time she stop by Louis , speak into he ear , press she body against he ... Louis nod , take something from she ... Reggie kiss he cheek quickly , continue on ... rejoins X at the bar . 39 . int . back seat , lincoln , day - continuous mick ( take it in , excited ) do the cop have this ? raul how can they ? I get the one and only . it be not a copy . mick you be exceedingly beautiful . raul wait . ( speed the tape again ) . Reggie and X decide to split ... video image again - reggie rising , with guy guy take a final swig , finish drink ... they exit frame . raul' voice check out he hand , he watch . mick voice it 's on he leave . that 's no good ... int . back seat , lincoln , day mick it mean he 's right -hande . but the facial blow be from the leave ... raul slow down . you say you know morgan' . so you oughta realize ... ( as Mick stare ) this image be in the mirror over the bar . that 's how the owner set the camera to watch he register . mick so everything 's backwards ... raul and X punch with he leave . 40 . mick I tell you you be beautiful . anything else ? raul yeah . but it 's not on the tape . you know how you be wonder about Regina ? mick yeah ? raul just look at he . off Mick , hard CUT to , ext . STREET , beverly hill , day - the lincoln ... jam / wedge its way through traffic , to halt at the curb . mick exit , head towards ... into ... int . windsor estate , outer office - continuous behind the reception desk be robin , tan / sexy blonde , hair hang straight over one eye like a scythe ... mick mickey haller . here to see Louis . robin Mr. roulet be with someone . he can not be disturb . it 's like he do not hear she -- walk calmly past she -- to -- the door to louis roulet' office - Mick enter , find Louis with he loafer off , on the couch with he cell - phone cradle to he ear . Robin chase behind ... robin ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Mr. roulet , this man just come back here -- louis it 's okay , Robin . you can go . Robin exit . Louis mutter a apology into he cell - phone and ring off . look annoyed at Mick . louis ( cont 'd ) I be set up a show . 41 . mick there will not be any showing in pelican Bay . louis where 's that ? mick it 's a supermax prison where they send violent sex offender . you will fit in real good in you loafer . louis what 's the matter ? mick you lie to I , Louis . I be about to go and see the new prosecutor , who 's do everything he can to put you away , and now I find out you have be lie . ( before Louis can deny ) tell I about Reggie campo . louis what about she ? I have tell you -- mick you do not tell I . that you be go to pay she for sex . ( off Louis 's surprise ) you think it 's hard to find out somebody 's not snow White ? louis alright yes , I be go to pay . she write down a price on the napkin , four hundred dollar ... mick why do not you tell I this in cecil 's office ? louis I do not want my mother to know . cecil tell she everything . and can we keep it down ? her office be on the other side of that door ... Mick look at Louis 's concern . believe it . ease up ... 42 . mick this change thing . you see that , do not you ? louis I be not a lawyer . explain it to I . mick alright I will . you know that guy on the Venice boardwalk ? the one who have all that plate spin on stick ? louis what do this have to do with -- mick just listen . a bunch of spin plate : that 's the state 's case . in the middle be a big one . it 's a fuck platter . and if that fall it take the other down with it . ( he get closer to Louis ) the big plate be the victim . the only witness against you . I knock she down , the act be over and the crowd go home . no trial . Mick have Louis ' attention now . louis you can make this trial go away ? mick we have lose time . you conceal from I the fact that could do it . it come down to why . louis why what ? mick why would a guy with a porsche and a rolex need a knife to get sex from a woman who sell it anyway ? the answer be , he would not . and when you see that you see the set - up , the trap . and suddenly it 's the defendant who look like the victim . Louis get it . penitent . 43. louis you be go to the prosecutor now ? mick yes . Young hot - shot name Ted minton . he want to give I the discovery file . poor guy do not know that raul already get it . he 's new to felony but he 's no dope . when he hear he vic 's a hooker he will know we have knock all he plate down . louis then it will be over ? mick no promise , Louis . Louis close he eye , savor the prospect . then see Mick to the door . when he open it : mary windsor 's there . surprise to see haller . mrs . windsor I do not know you be here . be there news ? louis there will be , mother . and put out a hand to Mick . grateful . hesitate half a beat , Mick shake it and go ... Louis and he mother . regard each other . face to face . int . van nuy civic CENTER - d.a.' office , reception - day Mick in a chair . impatient . legal secretary , prosecutor , etc. , come and go , when - - a guy Mick recognize , detective kurlen , fat , 40 , approach a desk with a stack of papers -- secretary be this for a.d.a. knight ? kurlen yeah , and they be my only copy . I will wait while you copy they . secretary I will have to ask she ... but , he hold they back . stare . she yield ... 44 . secretary ( cont 'd ) I will run they for you now . kurlen just what I want to hear . she go . Mick try to avoid kurlen - - but too late -- kurlen ( cont 'd ) well , look who 's come callin' . mick detective kurlen . kurlen ( be papers he drop off ) puttin ' a case away . guy drown he neighbor 's kid in a tub to see what it feel like . it will not shock you to hear he be high ... mick thanks for clear that up . kurlen if he get San quentin , maybe he can look up you boy Jesus martinez . Mick bristle at this reference . turn away again . to a passing secretary : mick ( to a pass secretary ) be minton back yet ?-- secretary # 2 he will be a few more minute , sir . kurlen , see he 's draw blood , continue to needle . kurlen how 's he doin ' up there , anyway ? he make the pucker-up - and-kiss - I team ? mick I have not talk to he . kurlen I guess once they plead guilty , they be not much use to you . ( more ) 45 . kurlen ( cont 'd ) ( rub it in ) he go down forever , right ? mick he get life , but he will be out . I do not know when . kurlen too bad . ' Cause he victim , martha renteria ? she 's dead forever . mick you do not have to remind I you be lead dick on that . kurlen grin . shake he head . kurlen how 's a guy like you sleep at night ? with the scum you represent . Mick 's have enough . move closer . to tell he a story . mick I have a client once , he decapitate he ex-wife , then keep she head in the refrigerator . kurlen ( disgust --) naturally you get he off . mick the d.a. get greedy . try to pile on two unsolve murder , trick up evidence to stick my guy with they . it 's call the justice system , we do not do thing that way . kurt . en so you guy 's out walkin ' around . he ever do it again ? mick I do not know . I never hear of he after that . kurlen but he could have . fuck you , haller . mick ( the point : ) no. fuck the d.a. 46 . before kurlen can react -- ted minton arrive . Fresh -face , ivy League , 30 . ted Mr. haller ? ( Mick stand , relieved . ) sorry you have to wait . I hope it will be worth you while . he give Mick a thin , white - cover file from a briefcase . Mick , leave the still - sneering kurlen behind , take the file and follow minton off -- tapping the file with a finger -- mick look kinda thin for a discovery file -- ted yes well -- we can go to my office -- mick I have get a question first . he take from he pocket : raul 's disc . the dvd raul give he . mick ( cont 'd ) you have something to play this on ? int . ted minton be office - at he desk - moment later angle the young prosecutor 's face as he watch the bar-tape . and Mick watch he for he reaction ... when it 's do , Ted click it off . not much reaction at all . ted what else do you have ? the simple , polite question throw Mick . mick look Ted , let 's cut the bullshit . not only be you so-called victim a work prostitute , but we have get she on tape solicit my client ! maybe you be new , but you gotta know how hard it 's gonna be to convince a jury a guy would have to rape a hooker to have sex with she -- 47 . ted nothing you be tell I 's go to change my offer . mick offer ? you be make a offer ? go forward ? not the way Mick think it would go . Ted go on ... ted we will drop the charge to assault with a deadly and attempt sexual battery . the guideline put he at seven year , maybe he will do four . Mick , uncertain now , doubt himself for the first time ... mick . what be I miss here ?... Ted stay innocent-look . blank . ext . griffith park - kid be area , pony ride - saturday mick with he daughter , hayley , 8 . Mick 's on a bench near where hayley wait on line for the next pony ... earl approach from the refreshment stand with a ice- cream for hayley and one for himself . kid play everywhere , a miniature train chug past ... but Mick 's lose in think , he beat - up briefcase open , he 's work . earl get you the good stuff , hayley ... hayley thank you , Earl . just then a little girl get off a pony . the attendant hold it for hayley . earl man 's get you ride ready ... mick go on , I will hold you ice cream . excite , hayley go . the attendant lift she up and on , and the pony carry hayley join the other in the wide ring ... Mick watch she for a moment , wave -- then , balance the ice cream , return to he file -- 48 . mick ( cont 'd ) there 's something right in front of I and I be not see it . on he lap he 's spread out : page from the two file : the blue-cover one raul give he . the white - cover from Ted . Mick start turn page , compare ... the same , the same ... when he turn the next one over : it 's the page raul give he show the picture of a knife , the picture we see in cecil dobb ' office . turn to the match page from Ted 's file . reaction Mick ... hard CUT to , ext . lincoln ( moving ) - country club - later in the parking lot , pull up . Louis be in front of the club , golf - clothes , wait . come out to meet the lincoln ... int . lincoln , back seat - same time hayley you say we ' ,re go to the movie ! you promise I last week ! mick daddy 's get to talk to somebody . you stay with Earl . Mick get out , hayley stay ... ext . lincoln - continuous Louis hurry over , as far from the clubhouse as possible , in order not to be see or hear -- eager -- louis what 's happen ? be it over ? you say it would be over by now -- mick that be before I find out you be still lie to I . he shove a sheet at Louis . Louis look : picture of a knife , but different from the knife- picture we see before . 49 . mick ( cont 'd ) you know what that be ? it 's a picture of you knife . the one you have on you when you go to Reggie campos . the one the cop have . look at the blood on the blade . look at the initial . Louis be stick for a answer -- mick ( cont 'd ) that 's why Ted minton do not care when I tell he Reggie 's a prostitute . what 's it matter , when he 's get a knife with she blood and you initial on it ? louis this be not the knife in the file -- mick ( scowl , sore ) that 's right . the file raul get we be a load deck . the cop must have be on to he , because they use it to set we up . so we would think they have nothing , when in fact they have enough to put you Hugo boss , golf - play ass away for twenty year ! Mick look back towards the car , park maybe 20 yard off . he see hayley in the backseat look out . so do Louis . Mick see he look she way ... feeling the man 's look , hayley sit back . out of sight . a moment ... then Mick resume . cold and firm . mick ( cont 'd ) explain to I why you lie about the knife . louis I do not lie . I say the one in the picture be not mine . Mick frown / grin at the answer ... louis ( cont 'd ) I say it twice ! nobody listen ! 50 . mick ( mocking ) what be you now , a lawyer ? a clever , third - rate fuck lawyer with smart - ass technicality ? " you say it be not yours " -- what you should have say be , " I have a knife but this be not it ! " what do you think , it would just go away ? ( close in on he ) you bring a murder weapon to a meeting with a prostitute , Louis ! how be I suppose to make that look like she set you up ? louis 1 . did. not . do this . off which , Mick stare hard at Louis . at he frighten look . then try -- slowly -- as if for the last time -- mick then kindly tell I why you go to she apartment with a custom - make knife , serrate tip , with " lr " engrave on the blade ? louis I always carry it . for a moment , Mick take this in . echoes . mick you always carry it . louis yes . in real estate we show home , to people we do not know . this one time ... he stop . like it 's difficult . then go ahead ... louis ( cont 'd ) my mother . she be show a place . it be in bel - Air , so she think it be okay to go alone , even though there be a man at the time who have rape some woman that way . he be there . mick who be there ? 51 . louis the man . he rape she . when she do not come back , I go to the house and find she . mick. stir . like he 's see a possibility ... louis ( cont 'd ) that 's when she stop show property . I do the sell now . and I start carry a knife . always . Mick turn it over . finally ... mick that 's quite a story , Louis . ( beat ) you mother will have to testify . louis we do not want that . mick ( cold ) I do not give a damn what you think we want . from now on you do what I tell you while I try this case . do I make myself clear ? Louis be silent . Mick look off . towards hayley , in the car . int . door open to : maggie' house , studio CITY - night on the CUT she open to mick carrying hayley in he armsi fast asleep but still clutching a carton of movie popcorn ... int . kitchen maggie lead mick-with - hayley through , hayley snuggle further in she father 's arm . as they continue ... mick if she be not so darn heavy I would carry she all night , I swear . maggie Defense lawyer will swear to anything ... 52 . int . live room , later - mick and maggie he 's at the door about to go . maggie delay he with , maggie you look like you be in a daze . mick it turn into a rough week . be with hayley be the only high . she can not find anything to say . as he head out again ... maggie nobody 's see you at four Green field lately . mick I stop go . too much of a scene . maggie yeah well . if you start go again . now she have he attention . mick if I start again , what ? she 's awkward . smile , shrug to cover -- maggie bunch of we from the office be there . tuesday , after work . a invitation . s-zrprise he . mick I will keep it in mind . maggie okay . mick okay . after more awkwardness , go . she close the door . CUT to , 53. int . 'four GREEN field ' ( lawyer ' bar ) - monday - evening noisy , drink crowd of legal type -- we be moving through it -- do not realize it at first but it 's -- mick Pov -- he 's try to shoulder he way through towards -- a booth of women from maggie 's office -- maggie see he , light up a little -- maggie haller ! let he in , girl ! buy you a beer ? mick you will not make it to the bar ... maggie then let 's share this . they fight to a table for two , edge of the crowd . when he balk at sip from she glass -- maggie ( cont 'd ) we have have a taste of each other before . he laugh a little , read that she 's have a few . he drink . maggie ( cont 'd ) feeling a little better tonight ? or do Ted minton sandbag you ? mick ( how would she know ? ) yeah , that 's exactly what -- maggie with that guy corliss , right ? I tell they use that dirtbag be a bullshit play . but you will take the the guy 's head off on the stand ... Mick 's off -guard , do not know what she 's talk about . maggie ( cont 'd ) ( catch herself , giggle ) whoops , I should not say that ... mick ( to keep it alive ) so Ted talk to you about corliss ? 54 . maggie huh ? it be I who send he to Ted . corliss think it be my case because I handle first appearance . ( see Mick be too eager ) I be tell you too much . mick Nah , nothing I do not know , they always use a professional snitch ... ( when she do not bite ) I mean corliss have do this before , right ? maggie ( clam up , with : ) can not we just forget work and have a friendly Guinness ? mick how about we go somewhere to eat ? ( before she object ) so we can talk about we daughter . maggie ( weaken ) let I tell my friend I be leave . she go . and Mick , quick , write the name corliss on napkin . int . italian restaurant - night - at a table : maggie I will bet you do not know sponge - Bob movie could be so much fun . mick the fun 's watch she . maggie like this . touch glass . after a quiet moment ... maggie you do not know minton have corliss till I blabbe , do you . mick he be hide something , I think it might be a jailhouse snitch ... 55 . maggie you get I drunk to find out what you want to know . except I be already drunk . good point , right ? he feel something . angle , she hand on he knee ... maggie ( cont 'd ) hayley 's probably asleep . I gotta go relieve the sitter -- ( make a face ) only I do not think I can drive myself home . mick one good turn . I will drive you . maggie and will you take I back to get my car in the morning ? a load proposition . cover she hand with he own . CUT to , int . maggie' bedroom - the bed - morning angle hayley , sleep between she two parent . Mick open he eye : maggie 's awake and stare at he . grim . maggie this be not fair to she . ( mick stir --) waking up and find you here . she will get she hope up . mick how would she get in here ? maggie she come in here when she have nightmare . she have nightmare . mick so she sleep in here a lot ? maggie do not start . you have no idea what it 's like raise a child alone . he can tell by she tone : all last night 's tenderness go . 56 . int . guest bedroom down the hall - moment later he 's dress -- she enter to he in a robe -- mick look -- I will leave -- then come back in a hour . we will go together to get you car then I can take she to school -- maggie just like that ? you be gonna start take she to school ? mick do not you remember what we talk about last night ? maggie I think you be just try to get into my head on you case -- or get I into bed -- mick ( get angry now ) I can not win with you -- maggie not when you be be a defense lawyer ! do you know how crazy we be to think we could ever make it ? I try to get dirtbag off the street , you keep they there -- mick alright maggie -- maggie just go ! int . diner ( dupar be ) - morning - mick at the counter : unshaven . Edward Hopper drabness . to lose himself in work , look down at he file : a 8x10 of reggie campo' batter face . waitress , 5as , pour coffee . recoil as she glimpsis the picture , the gruesome wound , Mick do not mean she to see . 57 . mick sorry . it 's work . waitress I just hope you catch the bastard who do it to she . and go . Mick tuck the picture under some papers , to hide it -- but find that he 's only hide it halfway . leave half she face expose . the good half . something about this ... he pick it up again , fold it ... int . men' room - moment later lean over the sink , Mick hold the fold photo against the mirror , the unhurt leave side show . creates a full image of a face . he stare a long time . then , to himself : mick martha renteria . int . angle on a warehouse - garage door rising - from within Mick , enter . three lincoln line up along a wall . mick " fleet . " California plate : not glty 1 , not glty 3 , not glty 4 .. walk past ... to some batter file cabinet . he turn on a single - bulb lamp ... drawer open on file cabinet ... Mick 's finger fly through the tabs of old file , stop at : martinez . cut to , martinez file on desk , moment later : Mick examine they : Police report , printout . until he find ... autopsy report . name : renteria , maria . take out ... bx 10 photo : woman dead on a bed , naked . Dark bloodstain . next photo - tighter : knife-wound . and bruise . next photo - her face : beaten : injury to the leave side ( opposite of Reggie 's . ) Dark -haire , large brown eye . mick . fold this one in half . take the fold shot of Reggie , fit they together , crease to crease : so alike , they form what could be the face of one woman . Mick . not want to face the memory : a voice in he head : mick voice I wish you would call I before you talk to the cop , Jesus ... 58 . go to , int . van nuy jail , attorney / prisoner room - day flashback of mick with martinez , who 's stalking around , in a panic , while Mick be lay out the bad news ... martinez ( mexican accent ) I see my picture every place ! they be gonna bring I in , so ... mick but you tell kurlen you be in she apartment . he do not have that , he do not even have any print ... martinez that shit I tol ' be true , man ! I see she at the cobra room , she say if I pay we could go to she place , she do not care about the other guy ... mick nobody see any " other guy " ... martinez there be another guy , bpi guy that she be talk to ... mick plus the coroner say she vagina be brutalize ... martinez be you my lawyer or what , man ? ( insist , crazy now ) when I leave that chick be fine ! I fuck she but I do not hurt she -- you be not even listenin ' -- mick Three people see you throw a knife into the L.A. River ... martinez ' Cause I have that knife in my car ! I know they be gonna find it ... mick if all you do be fuck she then why do not you leave any print ? the place be wipe down ... ( more ) 59 . mick ( cont 'd ) but you semen be on the towel , you forget you wipe you penis on that towel ... martinez I do not forget nothing ! I jus ' use that towel , then I give the chick the money and I leave ! mick it 's not gonna make . martinez do not say that ! mick Jesus they want the death penalty ! I can see to it that never happen , but not if you do not plead . martinez you want I to say I do this ? Mick hesitates but stay level . unbend . no choice . milk Jesus , there 's a deal to be make . I can do that . I can get you life . ( martinez crumple ... ) life mean you will do fifteen ... martinez I be innocent ! inocente ! you know what that mean ? Mick just look at he . ext . golden gate bridge , san francisco BAY - day not much traffic roll out of the city , mid-morn ... int . car NORTH of the BAY - day Mick at the wheel . beside he , he briefcase . sees out on the water : the prison -fortress of san quentin . int . visitor be room : glass -divide - san quentin - later on the CUT , jesus martinez sit . 29 , only a few year older than when we see he but look bad . Glass wall divide they . 60 . mick I be not go to ask you how you be because I know . martinez glare at he , then spit on the floor . mick ( cont 'd ) look . I need to ask some question . martinez you do not have no question then . never ask , do you kill that girl ? mick I be try to make it right . martinez be silent . cold . mick ( cont 'd ) tell I again about the cobra room . martinez tell you what ? CUT to , int . cobra room - night the black - light latina club , music , smoke -- in the middle be a pit iwith a big cobra basket , out of which a girl in a snake costume emerge -- martha . watch be martinez -- martinez ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) she be workin' . dancin ' . later , after the act -- camera find renteria half - curling herself around martinez -- martinez ( v.0 . ) ( cont ' d ) then she come and talk to I ... she 's whisper , martinez be loving it -- martinez ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) she tol ' I I could take she home . I do , but I do not kill she . mick ( v.o. ) you say there be another guy ... disentangle from martinez , martha slide toward a man , tall , he back to we ... 61 . martinez ( v.0 . ) Si , she talk to he too , but she come back to I . though she 's with the other man , she glance back at Jesus ... resume , int . visiting , san quentin Mick open he briefcase , take out a stack of photo . one by one hold they against the glass with he finger ... when : speaker ( guard voice ) get back from the glass . or the interview will be terminated . frustrate , Mick comply -- but call -- mick Guard ! Long beat . Guard enter . clean - Marine . Mick show the stack . mick ( cont 'd ) I need he to look at this . guard you can not give he anything . mick but if you will not let he close to the glass , how can he see they ? guard that 's not my problem . mick all right , but can you stay a minute ? if he id one of this mug - shot I need you to witness it . guard do not drag I into you bullshit . and go . mick godammit . ( then , to martinez ) try . see if one be the guy . Mick hold up one after another . martinez shake he head no -- then the book photo of Louis roulet . 62 . Mick hold it up . off Jesus , as he eye narrow ... ext . airliner landing , burbank airport - day pre -lap the yelping / snarling of a small / fierce dog ... we be : int . raul levin' bungalow , glendale - evening raul in short , let Mick in over the bark of he Shih -tzu . raul cool it , ahab ... c'mon in , Mick ... leave Mick alone while he put out the dog -- Mick cool he heel . take in : cub pennant , raul 's old peak policeman 's cap , mount ... finally pour himself a vodka . Notes the photo of a younger guy , its frame hang with the " fight aids " ribbon . raul re-enter . mick ( be the drink ) I help myself . raul it 's okay . I owe you , the way I let you down on that discovery file -- mick it be not you . the cop set you up . who be it slip you the file , anyway ? raul some guy in vice I play card with . lonnie fry . you do not know he . mick you be right , I do not . but I know who he partner be , when he be in homicide . kurlen . raul that prick . I will make he sorry . mick do not bother . we have get bigger problem . the way Mick say it . raul sit , ask -- 63. raul like what ? where be you today anyway ? you be hard to reach ... mick cell phone do not work too well where I be . raul wait . know this be why Mick come here . mick ( cont 'd ) I come to tell you a story . about Jesus martinez . raul you be at San quentin . mick it 's about what happen after he leave martha renteria 's apartment . raul after he kill she ? mick he never kill she . he go there , have sex , flushed the condom -- raul wipe he prick on the pink towel -- mick and then go home . the story start after he leave . raul ( get it ) the real killer . mick the real killer . she let he in . CUT to , int . martha renteria ' S apartment - night mick maybe he fake like it 's still martinez and he forget something . or maybe it be a appointment ... we see the door open but we do not see who enter ... 64 . raul ( v.o. ) the other guy from the club ? the one Jesus say he bid against ? nick ( v.0 . ) right . he come in , punch she a few time to soften she up ... renteria stagger as she 's suddenly pummele , then spun ... nick ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) then take out a knife and hold it to she neck while he walk she to the bedroom ... we see the knife - tip against she throat ... mick ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) only she be not lucky like Reggie campo will be . he climb on top , put on a condom , rape she ... CUT to , bedroom , as Mick give we the action ... mick ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) and when he 's do he stab she over and over , fifty - two time , while he work out something in he sick fuck mind . we see , the stabbing , bleed , then -- resume , int . raul' bungalow mick do you need to ask what kind of knife it be , base on the wound ? raul a short - blade fold knife ... mick or whose face martinez pick out of the mug-shot I bring he ? no . no need . a beat . raul 's dog bark from outside . mick ( cont 'd ) of course the story go on from there . from there it 's about the lawyer martinez get himself ... 65 . raul do not do this to yourself ... mick ( ignore , on a roll now ) the lawyer who just assume he do it because of the DNA . the lawyer who get he the best deal he can , and feel pretty good , because the deal keep he client off death row ... and this guy , this lawyer , he 's all about the deal , see ? raul Mick -- you can not beat yourself up for what you do not know -- mick I just see he and he 's twenty - six go on forty . he 's a little guy . you know what happen to the little one up there . a beat . Mick drink . mick ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly ) he have a type . roulet . it 's more than a type , renteria and campo , you put they face together you get the same face ... raul ( off the drink Mick take ) you better take it easy ... mick listen , I be think about this the whole way down on the plane -- that night with renteria ? it be like he hit the jackpot -- get to do he thing and get away with it . then he 's in a bar , see Reggie - - raul who he 's see before , remember -- mick yeah but tonight he see who she look like . 66 . raul renteria ? mick right . and he 's right back there . raul ( doubtful --) Mick , we be talk about a really strange -- mick we be talk about a killer at work . you know that video from the bar ? just like you , he see that Mr. X be left-handed . raul ( strike by this ) smart as the devil -- mick he know what he 's do . Reggie 's the luckiest woman alive . raul you think there be other ? with that face , or -- mick you find out . dig into roulet . ( recall ... ) " all you will find be parking ticket , " I do not buy that anymore . check out knife - murder of woman . not just the unsolve one , martha renteria be a close case . raul look man , I can not throw a net like that . I be just one guy ! you gotta bring the cop in . mick I can not . he 's my client . ( clear on this : ) that 's why he hire I . raul look up , startle by this . Mick lay it out ... 67 . mick ( cont 'd ) I be think about that on the plane too : he be worried I might hear about the case and put it together . but if he be my client , I would be bound to keep my mouth shut and protect he . raul ( sees ) Attorney - client privilege . mick I tell you : he know what he 's do . raul you get one guy in prison for what you other client do . what be you go to do , Mick ? a beat . mick I be work on it . CUT to , ext . mick haller' house - night - later lincoln in front . Mick , work on raul 's question . trudges up the step . phone ring before he get in , he fumble key -- int . house - kitchen ... as he answer ... mick this be haller ... maggie' voice do you get my message ? mick maggie , no , I be up in San Francisco for the day ... maggie' voice no you be not . you do not go to San Francisco , you go to San quentin . must have be see a client ... mick you always be too smart for I . be hayley okay ? 68 . maggie' voice she 's good . look , she 's play soccer tomorrow , and she want you to come to the match . you have start something , mickey ... mick Fine , I look forward to it . maggie' voice you will need to pick she up at noon . but , under this , he see , down the hallway , light from a room . sudden chill . angle to see , keep a normal voice ... mick noon , I will do that . see you then . and hang up before she can say goodbye .. and stop . freezes . eye on the light at the end of the hall . carefully , Mick begin to move down the hall ... pause at the door he come to first , bedroom , dark ... kick it -- nothing . start walk again , when : there 's a SOUND . then silence . what be it ?... Mick continue -- to -- the lit room : side angle , we see it 's the de -- Mick brace -- and burst in suddenly : int . den - louis be there ... sitting in Mick 's chair , leg up on the desk ... mick what the hell be you do here ? louis funny thing be I have be here before . I be offer the house to show , never give back the key -- mick ( over , do not give a shit ) get out of my house ! now ! louis ( rise , but ) easy mick -- but , see Mick notice -- the electronic anklet on he leg -- 69 . louis ( cont 'd ) you friend valenzuela put this on . a tracer . as if I be go anywhere . mick I say get up ! get up and get out of this house ! off Mick 's force , Mick 's almost crazy -- Louis smirk , go -- ext . front door , porch - moment later , as they come out ... louis ( turn to he , to " explain " ) I could not reach you ! I be on trial for my life , Mick , and I get nervous when I can not reach yout and you be away all day . like you tell " maggie . " meaning he listen to the call . Mick go white . mick you do not come near this house again , do you understand I ? we be not friend , we be not partner , you be my client , eriod -- louis just what I want to remind you of . I be you client . Mick react . Louis let in sink in , then : louis ( cont 'd ) besides , I like it in you house , Mick ... pretty picture of you kid , hayley ... mick fucken do not . louis do not what , do not say she 's pretty ? but I see she , the other day at the club ... at which , Mick 's have enough : belt Louis in the mouth . Quick , solid . 70 . his lip bloody , Louis flash with anger -- but then , just as suddenly , he steel himself . glare coldly at Mick . louis ( cont 'd ) okay . okay I be go . but -- and extend he hand : with Mick 's house - key in it . louis ( cont 'd ) -- first I think I should give you back you key . it be not right that I have it . now that we can trust each other . Mick take the key . pant , he watch Louis go down the fuck step . sudden CUT to , , ext . on hayley : soccer match in progress hayley , defend , scramble to get in the way of another girl , a forward , dribble towards she ... angle mick , on the sideline ... among other parent ... mick that 's it , hayley , get in she way ! hayley be not quick enough , the forward dribble round she , go in for the score . hayley look despondently at Mick -- mick ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , honey ! when -- he cell - phone ring . into it -- mick ( cont 'd ) this be haller ... he strain to listen ... stop cold . his look darken ... even from the field , hayley see this ... CUT to , int . raul' bungalow - day moving on the CUT , with mick , as he enter ... it 's a crime scene , swarm with cop , forensics , technician ... Mick distress , move as if through heavy water . detective be lead he : lankford , 38 , clean -marine -- and heidi sobel , 30 . they wear paper booty , thin rubber glove ... 71 . lankford levin be back in he office ... sobel we would not have find he if a neighbor have not bring the dog back . it be run loose . lankford ( show a desk calendar ) you name 's all over this . be you the only guy he work for ? mick no , but I have get a big trial next month , attempt rape and murder . he be help I . sobel be that the roulet case ? mick how do you know ? sobel because every file that 's be rifle have the name . lankford only thing , roulet himself be already clear for this . we have check the tracking on he tracer - anklet and it do not show he anywhere near this place . and there 's no way to trick that thing , no way in the world . we see Mick register this -- want to ask about it , but before he can -- lankford ( cont 'd ) by the way , counsellor , where be you this morning ? Mick rock by the question . what it mean . mick I be a suspect ? sobel he know whoever shot he . there be no sign of forcible , he even let the killer into the back room . 72 . mick I be watch my daughter play soccer . a couple of dozen people can confirm I be there . provisionally buy this , lankford take out booty . lankford put this on and do not touch anything back there . int . raul' bungalow - home office raul face down on the floor , in front of he desk chair . sobel can you tell we if you see anything unusual ? Mick draw close . lankford , abruptly -- lankford all I see be picture of a guy . be he a fruit ? mick ( bitter ) he be a hell of a ex-cop , be what he be . crime against person , back in Chicago . and yeah he be gay , and what the hell 's that get to do with it ? if the murder be some kind of gay thing , why would they ransack the office ? be not it obvious they be look for something to do with he work ? lankford can not argue with this . when sobel , near the body : sobel look . the position of he hand . angle : two middle finger point down . two outside finger up . lankford be this guy a longhorn fan or what ? or be it some kind of sign , like he be try to tell we who shot he -- ( make " horn " ) -- " the devil do it ? " 73. ext . moving angle on : suburban house ( valencia ) - evening see from the Pov of -- int . lincoln ( moving ) - mick at the wheel - same time he drive the street , he focus pump up ... until he come to : a house , its garage door wide open . Mick pull into the drive behind it ... int . garage - moment later - mick enter what he find inside , beside a family van , be a large thin cardboard BOX ... it 's upright , mark " fragile . " ext . house - front door - moment later Mick stand there knocking at the door . it 's open by : val hey Mick ! Val 's surprised ... a mix of emotion ... val ( cont 'd ) what be you doin ' here ?... and I hear about raul levin , man ... mick ( ignore all that ) you know you garage door 's open ? val shit : I just have a plasma deliver ... and rush to ... the garage . Mick trail ... Val 's relieved to find the box be okay . val ( cont 'd ) oh man , if we still live in Van nuy this sucker would be go . set I back eight grand , too . but it 's gonna be great for the game ... ( note Mick 's silent mood ) what 's up anyway ? what bring you out here ? 74 . mick raul 's murder . ( Val wait , listen . ) I have be with the cop . they can not tie roulet to it , because you ankle bracelet do not put he near the house . val I know , I give they the trace . the bracelet 's get a mass detector , there 's no way to beat that . mick do the cop ask you where you be this morning , Val ? Val 's slow at first , to register just what Mick 's ask ... mick ( cont 'd ) somehow , some way , Louis kill raul levin . and it do not show up on the trace . Mick look at the plasma tv , then back at Val . Val redden -- val you better not be sayin ' what I think -- that I cut he loose -- to let he kill raul --? mick maybe you do not know what he be go to do -- val ( over , angry - -) you think I would let that happen ? for a fuckin' tv ? and he lunge at Mick , shove he back again the van , Mick shove back , harder , backwards into the tv box -- it hit the cement floor , hard , and Val fall on top of it -- sicken snap / crunch from within the box -- val ( cont 'd ) shit , man -- mick where would you get the money for a eight thousand dollar tv , Val ? 75 . val that 's bullshit ! I do not do that ! how dare you say that to I -- I be inocente , man -- Mick react to the word -- martinez 's word -- as Val glare at he from the ground . val ( cont 'd ) get outa here ; get out of here , Mick , and get outa my life ! Mick 's already back off -- towards the car -- val ( cont 'd ) keep go , man ! Mick keep go -- down the drive and into he car -- CUT to , int . four GREEN field - night - mick at the bar ... drink , camera move on he , he tap the glass for another . bartender come over like he 's go to pour one . Mick 's key be on the bar -- instead of pour the bartender swipe the key . Mick look at he , uncomprehend . bartender that 's it . you be do here , pal . and you be not drive either . ( show key , keep they ) call yourself a cab or something . off Mick , int . mick haller' house - bedroom - night maggie , lug he into he room , he 's a mess ... maggie be marry to you suck but it beat be a car service ... mick that 's the idea , y'know . car service , with the lincoln -- drive the illustrious turd of we city back and forth to lax -- 76 . maggie I will be you first customer . first dollar . and roll he onto the bed . he look at she . drunk as he be : mick lemme ask you something . corliss . the name corliss . you do not just give I that just because you would be drink . you want I to have it . she do not confirm or deny . just get he into bed -- say pointedly -- magggie I be not stay . he know , but -- one thing more -- mick maggie -- raul . do I get he kill ? move , she shake she head no . straighten he pillow . maggie how do you do it , haller ? you be a sleazy defense lawyer with two ex - wife and a daughter , and we all still love you . we stay on he as she stand up , go . to no one : mick I can not do this anymore . int . mick haller' house - kitchen - morning he 's in bad shape as he come out of the bedroom . stare at the light pour in from the glass door onto the porch . find : there's a dollar tape to the glass . ( from maggie . ) also : the message light on he phone be on . moment later : he 's press the button , listen to ... machine voice message receive : yesterday , eleven - seven a.m. 77 . raul' voice Mick , it 's I . guess I miss you . want to go over a few thing , so I would not interrupt you day with hayley . anyway ... press stop . raul 's voice : Mick 's not sure he can deal . but pull the pencil &amp ; pad near he , and press start again ... raul' voice ( cont would ) first , that witness name you give I . corliss ? turn out he 's this hype , dwayne Jeffrey corliss , sometimes go by " dj . " when you run it that way you find out he 's play the courtroom snitch a lot , mostly in Arizona . but here 's the thing : one time down there ? it blow up on he . I be work on it , it can be good for we ... do not know how we get to he , though . they put he in usc lock - up , just to make it harder ... under which Mick , excited , be write down D J corliss ... arizona ... then usc , circle this last ... raul' voice ( cont would ) other thing be , you ask I to dig deep - on roulet ? Mick , I find something . I find martinez ' ticket out of the q. when , on the tape he hear dog barking ... and a door bell ... raul' voice ( cont would ) uh , that 's somebody at the door ... look , have a good time with you kid . gotta go , boss . and message go off . Mick think a moment . tries to clear he head . then pull out a card and dial a number ... tntercut / int . homicide division , glendale : sobel at her desk sobel ( answer ) detective sobel . mick ( into phone ) it 's I . haller . ( more ) 78 . mick ( cont 'd ) look , I - - just check my phone message . it turn out raul call I . just before he be kill . I do not know . ( she react ) the message come at eleven - oh - seven . he say , " I think I find martinez ' ticket out of the q. " sobel ( writing ) meaning Jesus martinez -- that 's a former client of yours -- mick in San quentin . right . sobel do he say anything else ? look down at he note . at " corliss . " " usc . " a beat . as he tear off the note , stuff it in he pocket ... mick no -- no , that 's it . then the dog bark , somebody be at the door . he hang up . ( before she can ask more ) look , maybe you can tell I if there 's any progress on the case . ( when she hesitates ) he be my friend . sobel , make a decision ... sobel well , we do catch a break . we find a bullet case in the room , from a 22 . it turn out levin own a .22 , but when we check it out it be not a woodsman , like the gun that kill he ... to which , Mick react ... as she go on ... sobel ( cont 'd ) the other thing be we can not find he cell - phone ... ( notice Mick be silent ) be you still there ? 79 . mick yeah ... just , I will let you know if I think of anything . about he cell - phone , I mean . thanks . and hang up . too sudden . leave sobel wonder ... CUT to , mick moving quickly through he house ... down the hall , to a closet , climb clumsily above to a shelf -- toss clothes out of the way ... find : a old wooden gun BOX . the top have a brass plate : colt " woodsman . " Mick , in a cold sweat , open the box . it 's empty . suddenly -- ext . house - mick step out onto the porch ... for air -- he can hardly breathe - - straighten he thought -- take the note from he pocket , study it . int . usc - county lock - up - moving with mick ... guard lead he down a hall ... lead he to a room and leave he there . with gloria . in prison jumper . faint smile . mick gloria I be not here about you . I be here about I . I need you help . fade out . fade in : the face of louis roulet - int . courtroom - morning Louis , lanky , graceful , take a seat at the defense table . Mick , sort papers . Louis , turn , seem to watch he ... angle , the gallery : dobb and mary windsor , she 's on edge but hide -- also lorna , to support Mick . while , at the table : louis Mick . I want to tell you something before we start . 80 . mick better make it fast . louis you be my lawyer , right ? so I can tell you anything , even a crime I have commit , and you have to keep it secret . mick ( a beat , uncomfortable - -) that 's right . unless it 's one you be go to commit . louis I have kill people , Mick . reaction Mick . just then , courtroom clerk give a warning -- courtroom clerk two minute , people ... mick ( to louis ) now ? now ? why now , be you tell I this ... louis because I know you plan . Mick look at he . before he can deny -- louis ( cont 'd ) you plan be to defend I on this -- then , when I be not you client , throw I to the cop . ( when Mick say nothing ) I can not let that happen . so I be tell you : I have kill people and guess what ? martha renteria be one of they . there now . if you use what I have tell you you might get Jesus martinez out of jail , but you ' will never practice law again . and I will never be prosecute . I think it 's call fruit of the poison tree -- mick come with I . cut Louis off , rise , lead he ... past prosecution table , ted minton turn , watch they ... as Mick lead Louis out to -- 81 . int . entry vestibule , double door - continuous he suddenly spin on Louis and put he against a wall . mick you son of a bitch . you kill raul . louis you be right about one thing . I be a son of a bitch . mick how do you do it ? the trace say you be not even in Glendale ... louis he be get too close . mick ( yank Louis 's lapel ) you piece of shit , do you think you have this wire ? you do not ! louis I do have a insurance policy . he grab Mick 's wrist . strong : pull they off he chest . mick I want my gun , Louis - - louis I walk away from this trial a free man - - and remain free - - and it never fall into wrong hand . the deal . Mick 's close to hit he -- when the door open -- courtroom clerk judge fullbright be on the bench . int . courtroom - moment later - mick and louis enter ... judge fullbright Nice of you to join we ... she 's 46 , bad hair , tough . Mick 's off on the wrong foot . mick I be sorry , you honor . 82. int . courtroom -- later -- open statement in progress . ted what this case be about be a predator ... on the night of March Sixth , Louis roulet be out stalking he prey ... jury of twelve , two alternate ... ted ( cont 'd ) you be go to hear from the victim herself about she lifestyle , one that we would not condone . but remember that anyone , anyone , can be the victim of a violent crime . ( approach the jury box ) the case be clear . straightforward . a man attack a woman in she home in order to rape and kill she . it be only by the grace of God that she 's here to tell you the story . over Ted , mick ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman of the jury ... int . courtroom mick ( cont 'd ) my name 's Michael haller , and I be represent Louis roulet . ( glance at Ted ) Mr. minton do not want to use the word prostitute for the woman who 's suppose to be Louis 's victim . he need not worry , this case be not about how she make she money ... but it be about she action . how she see a young man with sign of wealth , and choose to target he ... ( close in on the jury ... ) what she do not count on , be you . the fact that you would put two and two together , and let you common sense tell you who be the real predator . 83. CUT to , int . courtroom corridor - later as Mick exit with lorna for the lunch - break . low-voice -- lorna you have a message from gloria . she think she can do what you ask . mick thinks ? lorna corliss have the same meal time . she can try . mick ( discouraged ) let she try . but it may not matter . lorna what do you mean ? mick I mean , corliss be not on the witness list . it could be Ted minton be hold he back . he will not use he until he have to . until I screw up he case so bad he have no choice . lorna mickey ? can you do that ? off Mick , try for a confident smile ... CUT to , int . courtroom , later - on the stand : female cop ( maxwell ) I would describe Ms. campo when we get there as ... hurt and frighten ... ted frightened ? officer maxwell she keep ask we if she be safe , even after roulet be take away . 84 . int . courtroom , later Mick have maxwell on cross ... clerk hand she page ... mick Officer , would you read from you arrest report where it 's mark ? officer maxwell " the victim do not know the man who assault she or why she be attack . " mick why do you write that she do not know he ? officer maxwell because that 's what she say . mick so , she just open the door at ten o'clock to a stranger ? officer maxwell she do not put it like that ... mick be there blood on he right hand ? officer maxwell ( confuse by the shift ) no , he leave . or we would have bag he right one , too . int . camera trail the jury ... as a new witness be on the stand , Ted 's witness ... ted Mr. Talbot , you be with miss campo on the night of March Sixth ? charle talbot , 48 , the customer from the video . blurr tattoo on muscle forearm , dyed blonde hair . talbot yep . have a date with she at Morgan 's . then from there we go to she place and have another date , if you know what I mean . b5 . Air of a sleaze - ball sex - player , but calm and good-humored . ted have you know miss campo before ? talbot nope . just call she up . ted how do you know to call she ? talbot from she website . she 's get a real good website . jury laugh a little . fascinate but repulse by this guy ... but fullbright stir , dislike Talbot 's tone ... ted do you have sexual relation ? talbot four hundred buck worth . and she earn every cent . angle a male juror , red-face with disapproval . Mick catch he reaction , like it . Ted go on ... ted and what time do you leave ? talbot about five minute before ten . ted she say she have another engagement ? talbot no , she act like she be do for the night ... mick objection , I do not think Mr. Talbot 's qualified to interpret Ms. campo 's think or plan ... talbot I just mean she act satisfied ... fullbright ( offended --) sustain ! go on , Mr. minton . 86 . ted when you leave , what condition be she in ? be she hurt ? talbot no , she be fit as a fiddle . I know because I would just play she . ( before fullbright burst ) sorry , you honor . she be fine . minton go , lift a sheet over a easel , reveal the blow - up photo of the Reggie 's batter face . ted she do not look like this ? talbot man . what kind of bastard do something like that ? fullbright answer the question . talbot no . we make consensual and pleasurable love . which be what life be all about . then I pay she . CUT to , mick have talbot on cross ... mick Mr. Talbot , be you right or leave - hand ? talbot Left . mick Left . and be not it true that before you leave Regina campo ask you to strike she repeatedly in the face ? ted ( objecting ) you honor , there 's no basis for this sort of question . Mr. haller be just muddy the water with outrageous statement . fullbright look to Mick for a reply . Mick half - shrug ... 87 . mick part of the defense theory , judge . fullbright the witness can answer . talbot I never hit she or any other woman . mick do you know a prostitute name ... ( check he sheet ) shaquille Barton ? " shaquilla shakel " be she work name . talbot okay , yeah . I see she one time ... mick and if I bring she here and she say you have strike she with you leave hand ... talbot she would be lie . I try shaquilla , that rough stuff 's not for I . I be a missionary man . mick with a strong leave . thank you . and Mick sit -- draw a nasty look from Ted for this last , and a pleased one from Louis . CUT to , int . courthouse - corridor - moment later where Mick , as he exit the courtroom for the day , be surprised to find : detective lankford and sobel waiting for he . sobel hold document . reaction Mick : oh shit . CUT to , int . back seat , detective ' car ( moving ) - later Mick look over the page sobel hand he . lankford drive . mick this warrant be bullshit -- lankford good enough to search you house . for a woodsman register to you . bb . sobel we need to run ballistic on it . she turn around : the good cop , but she 's hurt : sobel ( cont 'd ) it would have be better if you would tell I that you have a woodsman . mick I do not anymore . it be steal . the worst yet . lankford laugh : " how convenient ... " int . mick haller' house - later - on : the BOX for the woodsman : sobel in glove , examine , while -- lankford we get the history on the piece . turn out it belong to mickey Cohen the gangster , in the forty . mick I know . my father represent he . he get he off for use it in self - defense , so Cohen make he a present of it . sobel , careful , open it ... it 's empty . like Mick say . sobel why do not you report it steal ? mick because I know who take it . ( they look at he . ) a client . he tell I , so I could not turn he in without break a trust . they do that . lankford ( do not buy this ) still and all , mind if I look around ? just in case you have not have time to toss it off a pier ? mick go crazy . you have get the warrant . lankford sneer , start for the next room . to sobel -- 89 . lankford heidi - - bag the box . he leave . as she bag it -- he wonder why . mick you can not do ballistic on a box . she glance , see lankford 's go -- explain . sobel that old mickey Cohen shoot ? it 's kind of famous . it turn out the county still have the evidence in storage . the bullet . mick you can match casing to a slug that 's fifty year old ? sobel it would be easier with the gun , but yeah . she go to join she partner . Mick stop she with -- mick detective ? how long will ballistic take ? sobel careful . you will make I think you be worried what we will find . mick I be in the middle of a trial . sobel a day . maybe forty - eight hour . she leave . Mick 's gaze , in the mirror : fear . int . courtroom - next morning - arriving ... Mick and Ted , at the same time . as they move to the front ... ted Morning , haller . Word be , you have interesting visitor last night ... 90 . mick worry about yourself , Ted . you be die the death of a thousand razor up there and you do not even know it . they peel off -- Mick to the defense table , where Louis wait for he . before Louis can speak : low -- mick ( cont 'd ) listen , you little shit : this gun - scheme of yours be about to blow up , and I be not go down for it . if I have to drive people to the airport the rest of my life . Mick be seethe . Louis smile . unruffle . int . courtroom , later - ted rise ... ted one last witness , you honor . the prosecution call Regina campo . int . courtroom , later - reggie on the stand ... diminutive , conservative dress , dark curl around she pretty face -- none of the aggressive sexiness . hesitant but frank . reggie it 's true that I lie . I know he when he come to the door . ted in fact , you would arrange he come miss campo : why do you lie ? reggie I be scared . I be not sure the police would believe I and I want to make sure they arrest he ... because he 's a animal ... she look tentatively at Louis , as if still scared -- then she look away . Louis be blank . Mick take it in . Ted follow up -- ted do you regret that decision now ? 91 . reggie yes . if it help he to get free and do this to somebody else . mick you honor , prejudicial -- judge fullbright sustain . but angle the jury : the damage be do . Reggie 's move they . ted I have no further question for Regina , you honor . Ted sit . judge fullbright you witness , Mr. haller . Mick about to rise when -- Louis grab he hand . low-voice ---- louis I want to remind you of you word . you be go to tear she apart and throw she entrail into the sea . mick that 's it , keep act like you pull the string . louis I do . judge fullbright Mr. haller . emphatic . Mick frees he hand , straighten himself . watch by Louis . then all at once , to surprise she -- mick Ms. campo have you engage a attorney to sue Mr. roulet for the event of March Sixth ? reggie ( recover , no I have not . mick but have you talk to a attorney ? 92 . reggie I have not hire anybody or -- mick I ask if you talk to one . about a possible lawsuit . Mick 's crisp like he know for sure . she wilt a little . reggie it be nothing more than talk ... mick do you ask if you could sue Mr. roulet for damage ? reggie I think what you say to lawyer be private . mick if you wish , you can tell the juror . face she . Ted squirm , see the box she 's in . reggie I think I want to keep it private . Ted squirm again . wrong answer . mick okay , let 's go back to the night at morgan' . have you ever see Louis roulet before that night ? reggie yes . there and other place . mick ever notice he wear a rolex watch ? reggie no -- mick or that he drive one of two car , a porsche or a Range Rover ? reggie I never see he drive . 93. mick and what make you approach he ? reggie I know he be in the life . you know . a player . I have see he leave with girl who do what I do . mick with prostitute . to go to a hotel , or they apartment ...? reggie I do not know where . mick so how do you know they leave ? maybe they just go out for a smoke ... reggie because they get in he car and drive away . mick but you just testify that you never see Mr. roulet drive ! now you see he leave with a prostitute like yourself . which be it ? the contradiction ring round the room . Reggie , try ... reggie I see he get in a car but I do not know what kind it be . mick do you know the difference between a porsche and a Range Rover ? reggie one 's big and one 's small , I guess . reaction ... Reggie shake she head , know she 's not make it ... but Mick , like he 's just get start ... mick the woman he leave with , when you see they again , have they be beat or injure ? reggie I do not know , I do not ask . 94 . mick but girl in you profession talk about customer , do not you ? warn each other if someone 's a freak ... reggie yeah , usually ... mick and how many have warn you about Louis roulet ? reggie none . no one . mick so you believe you would be safe ? reggie I , think he be a know quantity and I need the money , so ... mick so you think he could solve you need for money ? reggie no -- mick no ? be not that why we be sit here ? because you zeroed in on he ? reggie no ! I mean yes , but not like that -- ( look round , a plea to be believed ) he attack I , I swear ! CUT to , int . courtroom , later - on a video playing : the bar tape , blow - up projection , show reggie pass louis sitting at the bar , leans her body into he sexily ... angle courtroom , on reggie watch the tape . also juror , reacting , enthralled , and Mick watch they ... resume angle screen , reggie hand louis a napkin , pass by . resume court , Mick signal the technician . it go off . 95 . mick what do the napkin say , Ms. campo ? reggie my name and address ... mick and you price ? reggie yes . four hundred dollar . mick ( after a beat ) it 's a hard line of work ... reggie and dangerous . mick in fact , have not you tell friend you be look for a way out ? reggie yes . I be not proud of what I do -- mick and so , be not it true -- nothing would be easier to understand -- that you see Louis roulet and he money as a way out ? reggie no ! that 's not what this be about ! that man hit I and try to kill I . mick yes , we have hear you say that -- ( to fullbright ) judge may I ask the witness to stand up ? judge fullbright ( surprised , but ) the witness will stand . I hope you be go somewhere with this , Mr. haller . Reggie stand . 96 . mick now if you please , walk over to my client . she go , stand before Louis . who rise on cue from Mick . mick ( cont 'd ) this be the man you break free from , overpower , knock out ? reggie yes -- you can do amazing thing when you be afraid -- mick how much do you weigh , Ms. campo ? because you website reggie -for -fun - dot -com say one hundred three ... reggie that 's right . a beat . Louis sit . Reggie stand there ... suddenly cry . mick I have get no further question for the witness , you honor . Reggie return to a seat behind the prosecutor 's table . where we pick up ted minton . stare at Mick , hide the sense of damage as best he can ... he 's startle when : judge fullbright Mr. minton ? do you have another witness for we ? Ted rouse , summon confidence , rise ... while , aside , Louis to Mick , be Ted ... louis he look worried . Mick watch Ted , wait , tense ... ted the state rest , you honor . Mick 's disappointed : no corliss . mick not worried enough . 97 . judge fullbright ( raise a gavel ... ) then the defense will call its first witness after lunch . and the gavel come down . int . courtroom , after the break - mick , on direct , have ... mary windsor yes , I recognize this knife . ( hold a evidence bag ) it 's the one my son carry with he for protection for the last four year . almost exactly . mick why would he need protection ? mary windsor because realtor alone in a house be sometimes rob or hurt ... even rape or murder . mick but have Louis ever be the subject of such a crime ? mary windsor no . but he know someone who ... ( hesitates ... ) mick go on , please . mary windsor she be rape and rob by a man . Louis find she . it be terrible . the first thing he do afterwards be get himself a knife to carry , at all time . ( look at Ted minton ) March Sixth would have be no different . 98 . int . courtroom , later - ted have mary windsor on cross ... ted Mrs. Windsor , you seem pretty exact , about when you son start carry around this , this weapon , a five-inch fold knife ... mary windsor I be . the incident take place on June ninth , two -thousand - one . Mick watch Ted , carefully ... cat and mouse ... ted be it in the newspaper ? mary windsor no . ted or , do you somehow remember because the police come to talk to Louis ... mary windsor there be no police investigation . ted then how can you remember the exact date so well ? ( sly look at Mick ) be you give the date before testify here ? mary windsor I know the date because I will never forget the day I be attack . the news fall on Ted . she go on before he can rally ... mary windsor ( cont would ) Louis will never forget it either . he find I in that house , tie up . nake . it be traumatic for he . she 's perfect : a strong woman , unused to show emotion . Mick smile , impressed . when , with some sarcasm : judge fullbright Mr. minton -- anything else ? Ted , still throw , stare down at he note . 99 . ted as Louis 's mother , you would do or say anything to save he , would not you ? mary windsor I would not lie . not about what happen that day ... ted we have no police or hospital record that it even occur ... mary windsor I never report it ... ted why not ? mary windsor I be ashamed . if you do not understand that I can not explain it to you . and yet I live with it every day . ted but it 's only you who say so : Mary look at Ted , and at the judge , as if confuse : mary windsor be that a question ? off Mick , admire , go to , int . courtroom - post - adjournment , end of day ... Mick pack he stuff -- look up , as Ted approach . ted I have be think about the thousand razor . ext . courthouse - minute later Louis wait on the step , Mick come out . where they be alone ... mick we have have a offer . want to spend six month in county jail ? 100 . louis I tell you from the beginning -- mick I know : the only verdict 's not guilty . okay . we will get there . grateful for this , Louis put a hand on Mick 's arm . but : mick ( cont 'd ) do not touch I , Louis . you want to show you gratitude give I my gun back . Louis grin : meaning no way . mick ( cont 'd ) I think so . ( then ) you still sure you want I to put you on the stand ? louis I insist on it . mick then get some rest tonight , you be up next . leave Louis , Mick continue down the step , to where the lincoln wait . he get in . int . lincoln - continuous Earl in the front seat . mick there 's something I need you to get I , Earl . a tone Earl never hear he use before . Earl turn around . CUT to , int . courtroom - next day - crisp ... Mick step past Ted on he way to he desk . as he pass -- ted do you talk to you client ? mick yes . no deal . 101 . Ted feign surprise - but-acceptance ... while , to the judge : mick ( cont 'd ) the defense call Louis Ross roulet , you honor . int . courtroom , later - louis answer on direct ... louis I turn toward the live room , the way she point ... angle mick , have a floorplan of the apartment , on a easel . mick and what happen when you turn ? louis something hit I and I black out . I do not know for how long . mick that be all ? louis then when I wake up this guy be on I , tell I not to move . I could not anyway . I be too scared . Mick move toward Louis , as if determine to find flaw ... mick but , there be blood on you jacket and you leave hand ... louis someone put it there because I do not . mick be you left-handed ? louis no . mick you do not strike Ms. campo with you leave fist ? louis no ! 102 . mick threaten to rape she , or kill she ? -- louis no ! mick you be angry . why ? louis ( passionate but simple - -) do you know what it 's like to be accuse of something like this ? to listen to people tell lie about you have do something so sick and awful ? I , I understand I have to be quiet and wait my chance and not say anything -- but if guilty people have rights , what about innocent people ? I be innocent ! Mick . meet Louis 's eye , communicate : you be perfect . mick nothing further , judge . Ted already up &amp ; move , pass Mick as he take he seat -- ted accord to you , Ms. campo punch herself or have a man she never meet before punch she light out as part of a set-up ? louis all I know be that I do not . ted and this knife you always carry , how do she know she would find it on you as part of the set-up ? louis ( " honest " ) she could not , could she ? I mean , I never take it out or show it to anybody -- so she must have just find it when she go into my pocket for the money I have that I be go to pay she with , right ? -- M. ted I would really prefer it if I ask the question , and you answer they ! ( then calming himself ) would you look at this , please -- go to the easel , reveal : photo of Reggie 's beat face . ted ( cont 'd ) please tell we again if you think Regina campo would or could have do this to herself . louis I do not know who do it , but it be not I . nobody deserve that to happen ... ted ( seize on this ) what do you mean by " deserve ? " do you mean crime of violence come down to a whether a woman get what she " deserve ? " louis ( right back at he ) I mean no matter what she do for a live or who she be -- no woman deserve that . Ted keep stare at the photo : want the jury look there . ted I have no more question . at which , suddenly there 's a wave of movement -- slow - motion -- Louis dismiss from the chair -- Ted return to he seat , pass Mick as Mick rise -- Louis give Mick a " how would I do ? " look , Mick nod , unmistakably , " you do fine ... " -- Mick 's look find Ted -- Mick and Ted hold each other in a gaze -- Mick 's face in a kind of smile , Ted grim -- as Mick bring out , speak to the judge but he smile eye fix on the unhappy Ted -- resume normal speed for Mick 's confident , fateful word : mick you honor , the defense rest . 104 . Ted hear this , set he jaw . fullbright turn to he . judge fullbright Mr. minton ? Ted be uncertain ... ted you honor ... ( she wait . ) the state need the night to decide , you honor ... judge fullbright to decide what ? ted frankly I be not anticipate the defense would rest after two witness . I - - I would like the night to consider call a rebuttal witness . mick ( react , " object - - " ) you honor , first we have hear of this -- ted I say `-consider . " I need to find out if the witness be even available -- mick the state still have a obligation to disclose the identity -- ted not if I decide not to use he . ( a note of plead ) I be begging the court 's indulgence , you honor . fulbright do not like it ... but weigh , yield . go to , crack of thunder : ext . night sky , cloud , rain . reveal ... it 's the vast view from Mick 's porch . he have a drink in he hand . and hold a phone to he ear ... maggie' voice there 's a rumor in the office ... 105 . mick how I be the one who shot raul ? int . maggie' house - on the phone in the kitchen in the bg we see hayley , in pajamas , jump on she bed ... maggie close the bedroom door so she can speak ... maggie haller , be this serious ? intercut : mick on the porch , rain / maggie in her kitchen mick I would say so . I be be set up for he murder . couple of detective from Glendale be follow I around , just wait for the go - ahead to hit I with a arrest warrant ... could be any minute ... maggie how be this possible ? mick bad timing , bad client , I be dumb ... maggie be it roulet ? be that the client ? mick I can not talk to you about my client . how be hayley ? maggie Fine . but haller , if she ever hear anything about this -- mick she will not . not if I play it right . maggie what be you go to do ? a long beat . then he say , just as he tell raul -- mick I be work on it . I have a plan . 106 . CUT to , int . lincoln ( moving ) - hard rain - morning close on mick , in the back seat . look out at the rain . his look a little different : close shave , neat suit . fade up sound of Earl , meanwhile , rattling on ... earl . when not guilty two get to four thousand mile , that 's two car ready , that 's enough to start the airport run ... scene we see at the open . Mick absorb ... Earl notice ... earl ( cont 'd ) you gettin ' any of this , Mr. haller ? Mick open the file ( back - seat office extraordinarily neat ) . top of the print - out : the people of the state of california vs. louis roulet ... ext . van nuy courthouse , morning - rain continuing Earl hold a umbrella over Mick , they hurry into the building ... int . courthouse - security vestibule the item in he briefcase check , wand pass over he ... int . courthouse - corridor - on mick back ... as he move down the hall . everything count today . enter : int . courtroom - empty , early - continuous Ted prepare at he table . look at each other without greeting -- as Mick move to the clerk , who shuffles papers ... mick Bill , I be get coffee . any for you ? clerk bill no man , I be off caffeine ... 107 . mick hey , be that the custody list ? can I see if any of my no - good client be on it ? Bill let he have it . Mick , casual , look over the name ... int . courthouse - coffee counter - day lorna , she 's pay for a take - out coffee , when Mick scoops she up by the arm , urgent , he 's be look for she -- mick minton 's put on corliss . he 's get he in lock - up already ... lorna but gloria still have not let we know if she get to he ! mick you say she have mealtime to work it ... lorna yes but ... mick I will take my chance . meantime do you serve kurlen ? move she out of the cafe , down the hall -- hushed &amp ; fast -- lorna yes but I do not like forging the judge 's signature ... mick yes you do . lorna yes I do . just then , approach , he see sobel &amp ; lankford : be they come for he ? no , they turn into the courtroom along with other show up for the trial 's last day . relieved -- mick now go , and be ready for my call . lorna start to go -- then pause . 108 . lorna I be crazy about the power suit . extra flip to she hip as she go because Mick 's watch . int . courtroom - continuous no sooner enter than kurlen 's in he face , wave a document . kurlen what shit be this , haller ? I get nothing to do with you case ! Mick , " innocent , " inspect the papers . with surprise -- mick subpoena to appear as a witness ? you will just have to wait and see . it 's a legal document , detective . cursing , kurlen take himself off to a corner . leave Mick with the " legal document . " he tuck it away -- and continue to the front -- past cecil dobb and mary windsor , to louis , at the defense table . over which , pre - lap : judge fullbright ( v.0 . ) Mr. minton -- int . courtroom , minute later - court in session ... judge fullbright do the state have any rebuttal ? ted ( rise , ready ) the state call dwayne Jeffrey corliss as rebuttal witness . mick judge ? who be this witness ? why be not I tell before now ? judge fullbright a fair question . Mr. minton ? ted dwayne corliss be a cooperate witness who speak with Mr. roulet in custody , follow he arrest . 109 . louis ( shout , suddenly - -) bullshit ! I do not to talk to -- judge fullbright quiet , Mr. roulet ! Mr. haller , control you client ! Mick bend over , to Louis , sotto voce -- mick that be good . now leave it to I . ( to the court ) I do share my client 's outrage , you honor . I would at least like to know how long the state have be sit on this testimony ... ted Mr. corliss do not come forward until yesterday . mick ( outraged ) this be incredible ... judge fullbright do you want to go back and talk to he ? give the timing I would allow it . mick no , judge , we all know what this be , this be a jailhouse snitch , and anything he would say would be a lie -- ted that 's groundless , you honor -- mick -- I just want my objection note . judge fullbright then I be go to rule he can testify -- mick can I ask one indulgence ? can I step into the hallway and make a call to a investigator ? for whatever good it will do at this late date . 110 . int . courthouse - corridor outside the courtroom Mick already dialling -- lorna answer -- lorna's voice yep , here . mick put you watch at quarter of . at ten fifteen you enter the room . lorna's voice get it . mick with the printout . lorna's voice mickey , I know the move ! he snap shut he cell - phone . int . courtroom , minute later - dwayne corliss on the stand prison jumpsuit . we recognize he : the hold - cell junky . ted Mr. corliss , be you incarcerate at this time ? corliss um , no , now I be just in the courtroom . Dumb answer draw laugh . angle louis , seethe ... ted but you be currently hold in the jail - ward at usc hospital ? corliss yes . since I get arrest . ted for burglary and drug possession ? corliss that 's right . ted now . do you know the defendant ? corliss yes . I meet he in lock -up . we be buss over from jail , and then we be together in the tank when we come for first appearance . ted and do you talk at that time ? corliss yes ... we talk about how bad we need cigarettes . ted anything else ? corliss you know , " what be you in for ? " like that . ted do he say what he be " in for ? " corliss he say , " for give a bitch exactly what she deserve . " that be he word . reaction Louis , stir like a cage animal . Mick steady ... ted I have only one more question . have I , or have anyone , make you promise to get you to testify ? corliss no . it 's the right thing to do . Ted sit . judge turn to Mick -- who 's just stare , angrily . then rise . like he do not know what to do . Louis , the other , watch anxiously . Mick cross to the front , steal a glance at the rear , sees kurlen stand against the wall , lankford and sobel seat in front of he . then ... mick how many time have you be arrest , Mr. corliss ? corliss about seven in L.A. couple of time in Phoenix if you count that . 112 . mick so you know how the system work ? corliss I try to survive ... mick and sometimes that mean ratting out fellow inmate , be that it ? ted objection , you honor ... judge fullbright take a seat , Mr. minton . I give you leeway bring this witness in . mick thank you , you honor . but I will rephrase : how many time have you snitch on a inmate ? testify against a fellow inmate for the prosecution ? corliss this make my fourth . mick ( looking surprised ) four time ? people just come up and tell you they commit crime so you can testify against they -- corliss people talk to I . I be a friendly guy . Mick , walk toward Louis , indicate he -- mick so you and my client be friend -- corliss that 's right , we be friendly -- mick and he just say what you say he say , about what the woman " deserve , " and then you go back to talk about cigarettes ? 113. corliss not exactly . he be like , brag . he tell I he do it before ... Mick freeze ... like he 's in a mine field and can not move ... corliss ( cont 'd ) he say the other time he kill the bitch ... he get away with it then and he would get away with it now . mick ( stare at corliss ) you ... wait ... all eye on Mick . the judge prompt ... judge fullbright Mr. haller ? mick no more question , you honor . ted re-direct , you honor . fullbright nod permission . while Louis lean over to Mick ... louis what the hell be this ? mick you tell I ! what do you say to this guy ? louis ( through gritt tooth ) nothing ! this be a set-up ! you be do this ! mick how ? how be I do this ? but Louis have no answer . meanwhile Ted 's take the floor ... ted you say he be brag . how ? corliss well , like , he tell I the detail . about the other one , that he kill . ( more ) 114 . corliss ( cont 'd ) he call she a snake dancer . she dance in some joint where she be like in a snake pit . angle , reaction detective kurlen , he lean forward at this ... same time , reaction at the defense table : Mick , " alarmed , " low to Louis -- mick how do he know this ? louis do you think I know ? mick if you do not tell he this shit somebody do . who ? start think ! resume Ted , move closer to corliss -- ted be there anything else he tell you ? corliss no , that snake - girl stuff be it . ted ( after a beat ) then no further question , you honor . Ted sit . the look he give Mick in pass be one of abound confidence . Mick stew ... swivel around ... covert glance , mick Pov , look to see if kurlen be where he be , against the wall . he 's not . he 's go . so be lankford . and the courtroom door still swing slightly , as if they have just leave ... while in front : judge fullbright any re-cross from the defense ? Mick rise to answer , hesitates -- and just then turn to see lorna enter and approach down the aisle . mick a moment with my staff , judge ? judge fullbright be quick . he meet lorna at the gate . bring he head close to hers -- 115 . lorna this be where I whisper in you ear , tell you stuff ... mick ( take a file from she ) it 's all here , right ? you go now , I do not want anyone talk to you . lorna damn . she go , he return to the table . before Louis can speak : mick I do not know what 's go on here , but it will not matter if it 's two murder or a hundred if I can show he 's a liar -- louis if you set I up I swear I will -- mick just tell I if there 's anything else he know . anything else I have to stay away from . louis I do not know because I never talk to he . I be not that stupid . mick it do not matter . if I destroy he none of it count ... louis ( from he gut ) then destroy he . a command . Mick nod . returns to the witness corliss -- mick dwayne , if I can call you that -- corliss it 's what people call I -- mick do not they also call you d.j.? for example , down in Phoenix , right ? 116 . corliss maybe . he 's a bit wary . Mick look through the file lorna bring -- mick because you know , my assistant , she be just read on the internet about d.j. corliss -- arrest in Phoenix , 1989 on drug charge -- hometown of Mesa , Arizona ? corliss yeah , that would be I . but -- mick you remember Fred bentley , right ? corliss , darken , stumble at this -- Ted 's quick -- ted I object , you honor , where be the defense go with this ? judge fullbright connect the dot soon , Mr. haller . but the witness can answer . corliss I do not remember any bentley -- mick sure you do . you testify that he confess to you the crime he be charge with -- rape of a ten-year - old girl -- even though he deny he guilt in court . be . I ringing any bell , d.j.? corliss uh -- 1989 , I be high a lot , there 's not much I recall -- mick then I would like you to read this to we , d.j . it 's a printout of a news story from the Arizona Star , 1997 , that 's eight year after he be convict . I ask that it be admit into evidence -- ted you honor ? a news report ? 117 . judge fullbright let 's see where it take we . the state can object later . Mick hand printout to the bailiff , who give it to corliss . mick I have mark the paragraph . corliss I be not too good at read ... ( clear he throat ) " a man , Frederick bentley , wrongly convict of rape , be release Saturday after con -- ( hesitate ) -- conclusive DNA result clear he of the crime . the case be bolster at trial by testimony from a informant , d.j. corliss of Mesa , who claim bentley have -- bragge to he about the rape while together in a hold cell - - " mick that 's enough . ( take it from he ) be you charge with perjury for that incident , d.j.? corliss no I be not . mick be that because the police be complicit in you confession ? ted ( rise , angry - -) judge , how can the witness know what go into the d.a. 's decision ? mick ( ignore , over - - ) be you promise the same deal here , Mr. corliss ? to say that Louis roulet " bragge " to you in the " hold cell ? " judge fullbright alright , Mr. haller , that will do ! 118. mick ( cease . angry . ) sorry . I have no more question . and Mick sit . courtroom 's hushed . until -- judge fullbright I be excuse the jury for a early lunch . bailiff , see they out . maintain a smile as the juror leave . then she smile die . int . judge fullbright's chamber - moment later no sooner through the door -- than fullbright wheel on Ted : judge fullbright Mr. minton do you know what you have do ? you have put a document liar on the stand , a man with a record of put innocent people in prison -- ted you honor , I -- judge fullbright you shut the fuck up when I be talk to you ! I can think of nothing more prejudicial or corrupt than what I just see out therel ( in a rage now - - ) do you realize what you have do to my trial ? int . courthouse corridor - moment later as Mick and Ted exit into hall -- Ted hurry off , angry -- Mick to louis , dobb , and mary windsor -- tell they be Ted : mick he 's go to see he boss . to decide what to do before the judge come down with a direct verdict . louis what 's a direct verdict ? mick she take it out of the jury 's hand and declare a acquittal . 119 . mary windsor ( glad / hopeful ) oh my god ... mick we will know in a few minute . and head off . Louis 's cold stare , watch he go ... int . courthouse - men' room Mick at the urinal . Louis enter in and slide behind he . louis I be not celebrate just yet , Mick . mick yeah I can see that . louis I want to know how corliss get that shit he be say . mick let it go . you be get what you want , I be get you off ... louis what I want be get off for good . leans into he . pushes a hand into he back . a threat . louis ( cont 'd ) you would better understand that . you have get enough reason to be afraid of I already . when -- door open -- the courtroom clerk , bill , enter . clerk bill it 's start . CUT to , int . courtroom - minute later - on ... ted I just speak to the District Attorney , you honor . the state wish to dismiss all charge . here 's a motion ... Mick , Louis , watch Ted hand it to fullbright ... 120 . ted ( cont 'd ) it acknowledge that the procedure which guarantee justice be not follow in this case ... judge fullbright ( as she read ) this be a motion to dismiss with prejudice . no come back . ever . ted ( with difficulty ) yes , you honor . int . courtroom , corridor - later - mary windsor ... . tearful at the news , grip Mick 's hand ... she and dobb ... mary windsor Mr. haller , thank you for my son ... dobb you be splendid -- and Louis . private , a few foot away . smile ... louis I know I be not wrong about you ... mick I want the gun . louis of course you do . no more can be say , because Mrs. Windsor - - descend on Mick -- mary windsor Mr. haller , this time I insist you come to orso for a celebration -- mick I do not think so . Mary would insist , but before she can , out of the elevator come kurlen -- with lankford and sobel . Mick freeze , expect the worst -- but they move around he and close in on : kurlen Louis roulet , you be under arrest . turn around and place you hand behind you back . 121. louis ( as kurlen cuff he ) Mick ? this should not be happen . Mrs. Windsor rush kurlen -- sobel try force she back -- mary windsor no ! take you hand off my son ! louis mother . Louis ' voice control she . stricken , Mary give up . then -- dobb what be you arrest he for ? kurlen ( start to take Louis ) suspicion of murder . the murder of martha renteria . dobb that snake - dancer nonsense ? be you crazy ? everything that man corliss say be a lie ! which stop kurlen . he grin , confirm . kurlen if it be all lie , how would you know I mean the snake dancer ? dobb see he mistake . kurlen begin again to take Louis -- mick a moment with my client , detective ? kurlen nod , why not . Mick lead Louis a few step away . mick ( cont 'd ) this be it , Louis . I get you off . now get yourself a new lawyer . louis you be forget I have the gun ... mick yeah , and you will have to explain how you get it . but you know what ? I have stop give a shit . you be go down , and martinez be get out , and that 's all I care about . ( more ) 122. mick ( cont 'd ) when they stick that needle in you arm , that will be I . louis and what if I do not go down ? but Mick 's finish , ready to leave , though Louis persist ... louis ( cont 'd ) because I do not think they have enough to hold I . I could be out by tomorrow ... you have get woman , you have get a daughter ... at this , Mick 's head snap to he , angrily ... louis ( cont 'd ) you can not protect everybody . kurlen arrive , take Louis 's elbow ... Mick 's already move to the elevator ... watch by sobel . ext . courthouse - step - minute later - day - still raining sobel catch up as mick reach the lincoln . stop he . they move to beneath a overhang , where they be almost dry . mick please tell I you have get enough on Louis for the murder of renteria . sobel we will . we have the ticket . mick what ticket ? sobel the parking ticket , that raul find . that be the phone message he leave you ... ( see Mick do not know ) raul check . Louis get one at a meter outside the victim 's place , same time she be murder . mick what about raul 's murder ? do you have he for that ? 123. sobel no . we still do not know how he could have slip the tracer anklet . ( before Mick can ask more ) haller ? leave it alone . he hesitates -- but go . into the rain . get into -- int . lincoln ( parked ) - continuous he watch sobel hurry back to courthouse through rain . when : earl Mr. haller ? get that thing you ask for . and he hand Mick something wrap in a towel : a gun . Mick , put it away , in the armrest . a bit regretful , because : mick I say I would never do this . ask you to violate you parole . earl it 's call , lookin ' out for you blood . Mick sit back . Earl pop in a rap CD , tupac . tupac " to be a man in this wick land ... " continue over : ext . laurel canyon - later - still raining ... hand -held , mick in windbreaker , jogging ... rap continue ... int . mick haller' house - later - kitchen as rap fade , camera trail Mick 's messy kitchen : take - out pizza , beer bottle ... and the gun . barrel protrude from under the throw - aside windbreaker . Mick 's see on the porch . phone ring , he rush into answer . mick yeah ? 124 . maggie' voice Mick , it 's maggie ... mick uh-huh , I have be wait for this . you be call to congratulate I . maggie' voice no , listen to I : roulet be out ! mick ( stunned ) what ? they have have he half a dayl / intercut with , int . d.a. be office , maggie' desk , same time maggie I know ... but the d.a. downtown say the detective do not have enough , they have to kick he ... mick I know it , they jump the gun ... dammit ... maggie they have still get the parking ticket ... and they be work forensics on the knife ... mick maggie ... look ... there 's more to this . Louis know about hayley . maggie ( take this in : furious : ) what be you say ? how could you expose she to -- mick I have get she picture in the house ! he see itl where be she now ? maggie ( think , check watch - -) on the schoolbus -- the sitter 's on the way to pick she up on ventura , near the house -- 125 . mick get she on the cell and tell she not to take hayley home , keep she with she till you get there ! how long will it take you ? maggie twenty minute -- mick call I when you have reach the sitter . he hang up . think -- then dial a number -- int . office - phone ringing on the desk of -- " val " valenzuela . at he desk . answer ... val valenzeula . intercut : mick kitchen / val' office mick Val it 's I . mickey haller . val I should hang up on you . the shit you talk to I ! mick do not hang up , Val ! I need a favor -- val you get ball even askin' -- mick -- it 's my family , Val . maggie , hayley -- they be in danger . val ( compute ) this be roulet , right ? mick do he still have the ankle - bracelet on he ? 126 . val yeah , he must , he do not come by the office and I be the only one can take it off ... mick then turn on the trace , Val . now ! CUT to , moment later - angle on a gps of l.a ... val ( watch it , into phone : ) I get he ... mick where be he ? val he 's movin ' ... on sunset ... mick be he come to my house ? val ( study ) could be , yeah , he 's go west , head up Laurel Canyon ... Mick , nod ... glance toward he gun ... then ... phone beeps in he ear , call wait -- mick stay there , Val -- ( switch / into phone ) maggie ? maggie' voice I reach the sitter , she will keep hayley at the bus-stop ... mick good . as soon as you have get she , take she somewhere safe . and call I . ( shift call / to Val -- ) where be he , Val ? val I see he but I do not know where he 's goin ' ... 127 . mick what ? val he 's not goin ' to you house . sonofabitch sail right past the turn ... screen , cursor travel ... mick so where 's he go ? val he 's head for the Valley . mick fuck , he 's go to maggie 's . keep track of he . hang up again . look around -- as if look for a idea -- then , frantic , look up a number - - can not find it , find it -- dial -- it ring -- cold sweat till somebody answer -- mick ( cont 'd ) Eddie ? Eddie Vogel ? it 's Mick haller ... ext . bar , night , moment later - glare of neon in the rain ... as the " road saint " -- eddie , hard - case , other -- pour out of the bar , jump on they harley ... roar off ... inside which the ringing of a phone bring we back to -- int . mick in he kitchen - anxious , answer ... mick yes ? val' voice Mick , it 's I ... int . val in he office ... staring at the screen ... val where 's maggie live ? what street ? mick dickens1 128. val he 's almost there , Mick . ext . road over the canyon - louis roulet' porsche ... descend on the valley side ... ext . STREET , valley - the road angel ( moving ) ... harley pour it on in formation , like fighter - jet ... ext . ventura boulevard - rain - maggie' car ... she screech to the curb , hop out ... School bus stop , where other parent wait , in car , under umbrella ... maggie rush forward , scan for the approach bus ... nowhere in sight ... CUT to , int . kitchen - mick he 's hold a phone , squeezing it , listening to a ring at the other end ... to himself , a prayer ... mick maggie be there , maggie pick up ... ext . ventura boulevard - maggie stands there , with the sitter ... sees the bus approach ... int . her car -- her cell-phone leave on its dashboard rack , ringing ... int . kitchen - mick frantic for she to answer ... maggie' voice ( finally ) hello ... mick maggie ! 129 . maggie' voice you have reach the cell - phone of maggie mcpherson ... mick dammit ! slam down the phone ... desperate , grab he jacket , he gun , fly towards the front door ... open it -- and mary windsor stand there . before he speak -- she raise she hand and shoot he . bright flash -- Nick 's Pov , woozy - - he fall back , she raise she gun again -- mary windsor you take my son away from I ! she raise she gun again -- Mick fire at her from inside the jacket . her body jerk back , she fall ... Mick , stunne , lie there ... he watch , through the haze of he condition , as Mary Windsor 's fall body jerk , on the floor ... CUT to , ext . louis roulet' porsche ( moving ) -- turn onto dicken ... int . porsche -- louis ... hate contort he feature , he 's check out the street number through the downward slash of rain ... when ... the road saint , motorcycle spanning the STREET , be heading right for he ... off Louis , he confusion and dawn fear ... cut to , ext . ventura boulevard - out of the schoolbus ... out step hayley , safe into maggie 's arm . sitter look on as maggie hug she ... while ... int . mick house - mick lie on the floor ... where he be shot . he 's alert but still ... 130 . then rouse more as he hear foot come up the front step ... woman' voice police ! put down you weapon ! mick ( force out the word ) they be down ! I be shot ! suddenly lankford &amp ; sobel be through the door -- lankford see Mary on the floor , while -- sobel do not move , haller -- she rush to he . lankford 's already on he phone -- lankford this be lankford , we have get a shoot , twelve - twelve Creek off Laurel , we need paramedics , ambulance transport for two -- during which he 's check Mary Windsor 's body , revise -- lankford ( cont 'd ) Transport for one . ring off . sobel take Mick 's hand , press it to he wound -- sobel Press hard and keep press . Mick 's hand be on a blood -soak hole , hurt like hell ... while lankford make another call ... lankford yeah , it 's lankford again . tell they it 's over , they can grab roulet and bring he in ... he what ? ( listen -- surprised ) so , bring he to the emergency room first , then bring he in ! ( ring off ; to sobel ) dig this . the uniform have some help pick up roulet . some motorcycle gang be already beat the shit out of he . mick ( figure it out --) the police be tailing he ? 131 . sobel ( she level . ) we think he would come after you . we could not tell you . the truth be we have plenty on he for kill renteria . Jesus martinez will be release . but we want roulet for levin , too . I tell you : we have to find out how he beat the trace . now we know . ( she glance go to Mary windsor ) it be almost perfect . he 's still wear the anklet ... mick I know ... sobel and it put he half a city away . just like last time . they share a look at the cleverness of it . when -- lankford look at this . Mick look , he woozy Pov again : lankford , wear a glove , lift Mary 's gun . Pearl -handle : the woodsman . admire -- lankford ( cont 'd ) they do not make be like this anymore . Mick , make a shape with he free hand . the " longhorn " sign : inner finger point down . like raul make . mick " W . " Mrs. Windsor . which be the last thing he manage to say before blank . fade out . fade in , ext . hayley , climbing a tree - day of blue sky L.A. 's best weather : smog-blue . the tree off Mick 's porch . hayley 's skinny leg climb nimbly from branch to branch . from the angle , we can tell someone be watch she . fade out . 132 . fade in again , angle , hayley on the next branch , later lift herself . nimble . and so pretty . watch be : mick - on the porch - wrapped up in a lounge chair recovering , but not fully there . maggie sit into frame beside he . maggie I do not know you be awake . he look at she . questioning . maggie ( cont 'd ) do not worry , we have not be live here . we do , for a while . when you be touch and go . Mick . returns he gaze to -- hayley , go branch to branch . maggie ( cont 'd ) I would better get she down , she can get hurt up there -- mick you can get hurt anywhere . let she climb . a almost normal tone of voice . she smile . CUT to , int . lincoln ( moving ) - day rap blasting , earl at the wheel ... mick keep you speed up , Earl ... he 's in the back - seat , it's a mess ... he 's scribbling on papers as they ride ... his cell -phone ring ... mick ( cont 'd ) ( into cell ) this be haller . CUT to black .