the last of the mohican written by Michael Mann &amp ; Christopher crowe fade in the screen be a microcosm of leaf , crystal drop of precipitation , a stone , emerald green moss . it 's a landscape in miniature . we hear the forest . some distant bird . they sound seem to reverberate as if in a cavern . a piece of sunlight refract within the drop of water , paint a patch of moss yellow . the whisper of wind be join by another sound that mix with it . a distant rustling . it get closer and louder . it 's shallow breathe . it get ominous . we be interloper on the floor of the forest and something be come . suddenly : a moccasined foot rocket through the frame scare we and ... extremely close : part of a indian face run hard . his head shave bald except for a scalp-lock . tattoos . he 's twenty - five . he seem tall and muscle . heavy , even breathe . we will learn later this man be uncas , the last of the mohican . profile : uncas ' arm flash as he run . one carry a flintlock musket . sweat on the man 's skin . a calico shirt be gather at the waist with a wampum belt of small white bead over a breechcloth . he wear legging to protect he leg . a long-handled tomahawk be stuff in he belt . CUT to ... another part of the forest - massive war club - day in the hand of another run man . he 's heavier , older ... chest a green bear claw be tattooe there . Silver armband . a snake be tattooe over he leave eyebrow . Silver ring in he ear . he 's forty to forty - five . his head be shave into a scalp -lock . it say : " come and lift this from I . take it , if you can ... " that prospect strike we as extremely unlikely . this man be chingachgook . the french call he " Le gros serpent , " the great snake , because " he know the wind way of man 's nature and he can strike a sudden , deathly blow . " wide angle : chingachgook run , disturbing no leave , no branch ; make no sound . he 's run parallel to unca through the cathedral of mature forest . it 's heavily canopy . there 's very little brush . the girth of the tree be huge . shaft of light illuminate mote of dust and turn leave emerald where the sun break through . sometimes there 's fern ; rhododendron , sometimes pale grass and outcropping of rock . this man run the forest stream , over boulder , fall tree and down into ravine as if they own they . they do . CUT to ... another part of the forest - long black hair - day rocketing through tree . his tear buckskin shirt be tie at the waist with a wampum belt hold a tomahawk and a large knife . a long rifle in which be carve the name " killdeer " be in he right fist . indian tattooing on he chest . his name be nathaniel poe . he 's a few year older than unca . the french and the french-speak tribe know he as La longue carabine ( Long rifle ) . other frontiersmen in New York colony and the iroquois and delaware -speak tribe know he as hawkeye . sweat stain he shirt . he flash through the tree branch disturbing nothing . make no sound . hawkeye' Pov : a piece of tan two hundred and fifty yard away , a few square inch bury in the foliage ... suddenly he stop killdeer 's at he shoulder ... hawkeye' thumb cock the lock hold the piece of flint : click . uncas stop dead , hold out he hand ... no sound . chingachgook slip through young tree and stop , shoulder he smoothbore musket . be this a ambush ? hawkeye' Pov : rack focus through the gun sight five foot and fourteen pound of rifle be elevate a half inch and shift leave , off target . it 's a precise , smooth movement . no human quiver . killdeer' trigger tighter ... the cock hold the flint hit the iron file of the frizzen , shoot spark into the pan of prime powder which flash and ... tan be a huge elk that leap at the sound . killdeer' muzzle crack like lightning . a elk leap where the .59 caliber round be program to intercept he . on the moment of impact ... wide three man approach the fall elk and each other . we realize they be hunt together . hawkeye step aside for chingachgook . his massive war club be flat and angle to one side with a stabbing blade . hawkeye be stepson and stepbrother . the two young man treat chingachgook with a easy deference and affection . hawkeye 's a dialectic of two culture . in he coloration and worldliness he 's more the anglo - saxon frontiersman . in he independent view and candid manner and in he combat skill and woodsmanship , he 's more native american ( mohican ) . as chingachgook take out he long knife and they approach the fall elk ...] chingachgook ( low mohican ; sub-title ) we be sorry to kill you , brother . forgive we . I do honor to you courage and speed , you strength ... CUT to ... exterior - interior cameron cabin - JOHN cameron - night roast potato on a stick in the stone fireplace next to captain jack winthrop , a american in very wear quasi-military gear . on a rough table in the tiny cabin alexandria , he wife , be knead bread . Three child climb on they father . he grab they wild seven year old son , jame , who shriek laughter and dodge away . the cabin have two primitive room , wax paper window , log wall . o.s. a dog bark . other pick it up . cameron &amp ; Jack be suddenly alert , reach for weapon ... CUT to ... exterior cameron cabin , doorway - cameron - night appear warily , musket in hand . fence : chingachgook chingachgook halloo ! John cameron ! doorway : cameron towards the interior ... cameron Alexandria ! set three more place . ( to the fence ) how be chingachgook , then ? behind he , emerge from the dark tree be hawkeye , unca , cradling flint lock , blanket and pack over they shoulder , lead a mule laden with skin and the elk carcass . cross the splitrail fence ... chingachgook the master of life be good . another year pass ... how be it with you , John ? cameron gettin ' along . yes , it be . ( warm ) Nathaniel . hawkeye hello John . clear another quarter , I see . cameron ( shake hand with unca ) yes , I do . jame cameron tear past he father &amp ; run full bore . just before he 's go to collide into unca , he leap into the air and unca snatch he with one hand and swing he up onto he shoulder . the kid scream with delight and ride back towards the cabin that way . Alexandria come to the door . CUT to ... interior cabin - chingachgook - evening ( later ) light &amp ; smoke a clay pipe . the scene say : this be a rustic , frontier home and this people have know each other &amp ; live in dangerous circumstance . alexandria if unca be with you , that mean he have not find a woman and start a family yet . chingachgook you eye be too sharp , Alexandria cameron . they see into my heart . uncas you farm good to you this year , John ? cameron it be a good year for corn . uncas Mohawk field we see be 5 mile long on the river . Chief Joseph brandt 's field . cameron you take much fur ? hawkeye that we do . John . but the horicane ( sic ) be near trap out . jack tradin ' you skin in castleton ? uncas no , schylerville . with the dutch for silver . french &amp ; English want to buy with wampum &amp ; brandy . pause , then ... hawkeye so what be it , Jack ? what bring you up here ? jack a french &amp ; indian army out of Fort carillon 's head south to war against the English . I be here to raise this county 's militia to aid the british defense . hawkeye folk here goin ' to join in that fight ? jack we will see in the morning ... chingachgook father of England &amp ; France , both , take more land , fur , than they need . they be cold &amp ; full of greed ... jack few would deny that ? where you headin' ? hawkeye trap over the fall and winter among the delaware in can-tuck -ee . uncas so I can find a woman and make mohican child so we father will leave my brother &amp ; I in peace . Alexandria laugh . so do hawkeye &amp ; chingachgook . jame a son like I ? unca grab James &amp ; suspend he upside down . uncas no . you be too strong . turn I old too fast ! hawkeye grab the kid from unca . the kid 's laugh &amp ; can not stay still . chingachgook watch , content , smoking he clay pipe . alexandria that 's what he 's doin ' to he mama ... she ruffle he hair and lift the heavy iron pot off the tibbet . unca go to help she , she shrug he hand away and carry it to the table herself . the man gather around . there 's pan-bake bread , a dish of salt , and the pot have venison and yellow cornmeal in a kind of stew . everyone wait . cameron dear Father , thank you for rewardin' the fruit of we labor with plenty . amen . as they start to eat ... CUT to ... cameron' cabin - ( day ) exterior cameron cabin - mohawk boy &amp ; jame cameron - morning slam into other kid as they battle through a lacrosse game . in the background be sixty man , woman and child . it 's a community gather hold out of door . we have enter mid-scene . Captain Jack be stand on a box . some woman and kid mill around some table and board laid over barrel . cook fire . smoke . most but not all around Captain Jack be man , nine settler , 3 hunter / trapper , eight Mohawk farmer in mix european and native clothing . off to the side be a English Lieutenant on horseback and a ten-man escort from whatever regiment 's in albany . a man name henri speak in french . his son , martin , translate . henri ( o.s. in french ) martin ( translate ) my father say he be drive out of France by the black robe priest and he would fight they now but he lose he arm and so I will go in he place . meanwhile ... ongewasgone be a unusually large Mohawk in a blue match coat with a little girl hold he hand . he say something to chingachgook who nod . hawkeye and unca be a little apart in a outer grouping of the man . ongewasgone be a war chief and wear a white plume and be tattooe . as Martin finish , he step forward . ongewasgone John cameron , thank you for you hospitality ... twin River Mohawk get no quarrel with Les francais . Trade fur with Les francais . now Les francais bring huron onto Mohawk hunt grounds ... this people be English , Scots - irish and dutch farmer ; some french huguenot " mechanic " ( craftsman ) . they be in shirt - sleeve and indian moccasin &amp ; legging . the mohawks ' vast land and corn agriculture border the settlement . they have be acculturate for over a hundred year . some wear european calico hunt shirt . they head be shave to scalping lock and many be tattooe . they have politically and commercially play France &amp ; England against each other very adroitly for over a hundred year because of they military power and geographic position . they relation with work farmer and settler and they family have be mostly one of co-existence because there 's always be more than enough for all . this be a wpa mural of ethnic diversity and plurality of frontier America . the european be former indenture laborer , farmer exile by economics or religious persecution , frontier hunter and trapper ... work people . ongewasgone ( continue ) now Mohawk will fight huron and Les francais . my brother have ask I to lead they in this war so I speak for the twin River Council . the importance of this commitment be apparent to the lieutenant . lieutenant his majesty King George ii be very grateful for you support . ian how far up the valley ? lieutenant to Fort William Henry . colonial # 1 ... two day from here . some do not like this . lieutenant it should be enough to remind you France be the enemy . hawkeye you enemy ... head turn to hawkeye at the periphery of the crowd . lieutenant what do you say ? hawkeye ( loud ) I say ... France be you enemy . not ours . lieutenant really ? do you want they to overrun all New York colony ? hawkeye first place , you start it with the french over fur-trapp claim to the head water of the ohio. ( smile ) now you be sayin ' this people have a fight on they hand ... lieutenant ( ignore hawkeye ) will you man help we stop the french ? hawkeye ... and while they be coope up in you fort , what if the french send war party to raid they home ? ian what then , Lieutenant ? lieutenant for you own home , for king , for country , that 's why you man ought to join this fight ! hawkeye you do what you want with you own scalp . do not be tellin ' we what to do with ours . lieutenant ( furious ; to hawkeye ) you , sir ! you call yourself a loyal subject ? hawkeye ... no ... do not call myself much of a subject at all . Light laughter . colonial # 2 Nathaniel 's right . but if I get to fight , figure I will try and do it fifty mile north of here instead of my bean field . ad lib yes. yeah . no ... cameron I be stayin ' on my farm . and any man who go , he family be welcome to fort - up with we ' till he come back . jack boy . my sense of it be enough of we will join - up to fill the county 's levy . but only if General webb accept a few term I get in mind ... hawkeye &amp ; uncas cross through the people . a few man drift off to they woman at the table . it be apparent two - third of the man will join . a couple of joke , light banter , no hostility . ad lib ( o.s. ) webb ? what 's that , Jack ...? as they cross through they start remove they shirt and weapon . ian you boy marchin ' with we ? what do you say ? uncas we have we say , Ian . they approach the lacrosse field . chingachgook stand with cameron in the background , watch . lacrosse field unca join James . hawkeye go on the other side . a couple of young mohawks and a young blonde farmer shout hallo 's and as the body crash into each other ... CUT to ... exterior british encampment , parade ground - six hundre 62nd regiment of foot - day in two row . at each command the crack troops respond en masse . they hand slap the stock of they brown bess musket in unison . this man be drilling in preparation for war . we witness a state - of - the -art , 18th century , precision kill machine . regimental sgt . major ( shout ) shoulder arm ! ( slam ) order arm ! handle cartridge ! ( man bite the paper ) Prime ! ( powder drop in pan ) load ! draw ramrod ! Ram cartridge ! return ramrod ! make ready ! ( musket at chest height ) pre-sent ! ( musket shoulder ) make ready ! ( musket return to chest ) pre-sent ! ( musket return to shoulder ) Fire ! like a single shot , two hundred fifty black powder musket fire .65 caliber lead shot at chest height in a scythe of death . sergeant major Prime ! load ! the dutch roof line of albany be in the distance . nearer , a coach race past . CUT to ... exterior road - horse gallop - day six horse , wide with dumb , mute strain . foam , mane fly , they hoof pound the yellow road into dust . military outrider be on the three leave side horse . CUT to ... interior coach - major duncan heyward - day sit erectly in the brilliant scarlet coat of the first Royal regiment of Foot with gold braid , blue-black face and blue-black breech , cavalry boot , spur , a tricorn , white wig ( ? ) and a gorget ( large medallion ) around he neck . he 's 28 - 30 and tough . he be self - sure , principle reactionary . he believe human society be static &amp ; layer into hierarchy of class and they be absolutely impermeable . he open a simple gold - clasped case &amp ; contemplate its content ... heyward Pov : case a enamele portrait of a dark - haire young woman . heyward as a soldier be militarily first -rate in he milieu : the open battlefield of Europe . right now , however , he be about to enter the forest of North America . he close he clasp and glance out the window as we enter albany and as a facade of building &amp ; people pass . CUT to ... interior british hq , assembly room - door - day four grenadier come to attention as heyward enter mid-scene . jack ( o.s. ) ... if they be not allow leave to defend they family if the french or huron attack the settlement , no colonial militia be goin ' to Fort William Henry . heyward ( low ) you , there . help my man outside with the baggage . general jerome webb see heyward and nod . Three of webb 's adjutant be on either side . Three remain grenadier in bearskin-cover mitre cap be at the door . facing webb be a half dozen colonial representative , include Captain Jack winthrop . heyward watch Jack ... lieutenant they will report or be press into service ! large colonial rep any of the boy worth havin ' can disappear into forest ... time it take you to blink . where 's that leave ya , then ? heyward , prepare to hand over dispatch , be interrupt by the insubordinate tone . equally wound tightly be the Lieutenant . lieutenant they will be find ! arrested ... webb ( cut in ) I cannot imagine he majesty , in he benevolence , would ever object to he american subject defend they hearth &amp ; home , they woman &amp ; child , if threaten by the " scourge " of attack from savage , arouse to such excess by we enemy , the ever- perfidious french . jack do that mean they will be grant leave to defend they home if the settlement be attack ? webb of course . heyward 's more amaze by what he 's just hear from webb . this Americans , include Jack , be stream past he on they way out . jack you get yourself a colonial militia , General . heyward Major Duncan heyward report , Sir ! webb 's pour gin . webb Duncan . how be you journey ? the door close . dispatch be pass . they be now alone except for the General 's two adjutant and a shadowy form wait patiently in a corner . he 's magua . in the dim light , he 's motionless . webb slide a glass across to heyward . heyward I do not experience anything so surprising from bristol to albany as what I witness here today . webb and what be that ? heyward the Crown " negotiate " the term of service ? webb I know . ( assume a co-commiserator ) one have to give Americans " reason " and make agreement to get they to do anything at all . tiring , be not it ? ( throw up he hand ) but that 's the way of it here . heyward ( tight ) I think british policy be ' make the World ... England ' , sir . a chill . major do not upbraid Generals . webb you will take command of the 62nd regiment of Foot . at Fort William Henry under Colonel munro . I will march the 33rd to Fort Edward . heyward Sir ! ... might I enquire if General webb have hear from Colonel munro 's daughter ? I be to rendezvous with they in albany and escort they to the fort . webb yes . you may . ( to magua , after a glance at heyward ) you there . what do munro call you ? ( to heyward ) the " Scotsman " have send one of he indian ally to guide you . magua rise and slowly walk into the light . he be reserve and over six foot tall . his head be shave into a mohawk . ring , bead &amp ; feather pierce he ear . a blanket be wear as a shawl over he leave shoulder expose he right arm and heavy tattooing . a long tomahawk be in the belt of he breechcloth . webb the Scotsman 's daughter be at the poltroon 's house . a company of the 33rd will accompany you and magua will show you the way . heyward by you leave , sir . webb hold heyward a moment webb ( to adjutant ) explain to the Major we care little about toy with colonial militia because we have little to fear from the french . they have not the nature for war . they latinate voluptuousness combine with they gallic laziness and the result be : they would rather make love with they face than fight . webb 's adjutant laugh uproariously at he wit . heyward 's stiff , perfunctory smile . he 's be make the butt of the joke . he do not share webb 's derisive view of the french . webb do not like heyward 's manner . we do not like webb . then : webb ( continue ) dismiss . heyward stiffly salute . webb casually , perfunctorily salute the young man in return . heyward ( to magua ) Dawn . at the encampment . six a.m. sharp . see to it you be there . beneath magua 's barely deferential manner we sense intelligence &amp ; menace . none of this brit see it . we do . CUT to ... exterior poltroon house - duncan heyward - day brush clean , he wig freshly powder , he tricorn in he hand with a crimson sash and sword and he cavalry boot , walk through the gate after knock . he enter a small courtyard . suddenly he hear ... cora ( o.s. ) heyward ! Duncan heyward . heyward look to the side . a inner light turn on . in this mode , this be a man we could like . reverse : cora munro enter from the garden . she 's vivacious , dark - haire , unconventional in that she 's educate , but with conventional value and attitude . she hug Duncan to she and then push he away to look at he . heyward my God it 's good to see you . he take she hand in both of he and kiss it . he be open and light up . CUT to ... exterior poltroon house , back yard - cora &amp ; heyward - day a vegetable plot behind the poltroon 's house be a provincial substitute for a formal garden set . heyward and cora sit on rough wooden chair . wind blow . in the background a servant hang laundry . the white sheet billow . a table hold a tea set . they be sit close to each other , talk seriously and quietly . Duncan 's jacket be remove . time 's pass . Long pause . then : cora I be embarrassed to be so indecisive ... after so long apart and after you have travel so far ... heyward and by sea ! cora you still have a aversion to the water ? heyward aversion ? no. ... " hatred " ... " loathing " ... cora laugh . heyward but it be worth it all to end in a garden by you side . she look askance at he . then the banter drop . cora ( difficult ) dear Duncan , my affection be as towards a close friend . Alice and I depend on you and respect you immensely ... I wish they do , but my feeling do not go beyond that . do you see ? heyward be not respect and friendship , a reasonable basis for a man and woman to be join ? and all else may grow in time ...? cora some say that 's the way of it . heyward " some " ? cora cousin eugenie , my father , but ... heyward ( interrupt ) cora , in my heart , I know once we be join , we will be the happiest couple in England . let that whom you trust , you father , help settle what 's best for you . in view of you indecision , why not rely on they advice and judgment as well as mine ? cora stare directly at heyward . then she look away . she have no answer . something subterranean disturb she about delegate judgment over the fate of she life . heyward will you consider that ? cora ( pause ; smile ) yes . yes , I will . she 's still unsettle . alice ( o.s. ) Duncan ! reverse : alice munro eighteen year old , white - blonde hair , wide blue eye . she 's effervescent and run to hug he . heyward be take aback by she enthusiasm and laugh . heyward my God , you have grow up . alice we leave in the morning ?! heyward ( rise ) yes , miss . alice I will not sleep tonight . what a adventure ! I absolutely cannot wait to return to portman Square , have laid eye upon the full - blooded , red man in the wild ! cora my God , Alice . heyward ( smile ) it can be dangerous ... alice nonsense . papa would not have send for we if it be dangerous . Alice take hewyward 's hand . cora pour heyward more tea . the white sheet billow . ambrose ( o.s. - bark ) atten -shun ! CUT to ... exterior british army hq - twenty british regular - day jolt upright as if electrify . ambrose ( enter ) shoulder arm ! ambrose a sergeant major of forty - one be wide and deep and build like a fullback . you do not mess with sgt. Major ambrose . ambrose ( bark ) form two company of nine ... MARCH !! the men march in perfect drill into two group , each three across and three deep . military hq , entrance - major duncan heyward step out . rigid salute . heyward climb onto he white military charge . it 's spirite . cora &amp ; Alice be in riding dress and veil . the veil do not completely cover Alice 's golden hair and blue eye and the flush of she complexion . they be riding two sidesaddled narragansetts . the tight travel dress reveal that cora , two or three year older than Alice , be fuller and more mature . all three ride to the front of the column . the baggage horse and mule be in the gap between the two company . magua cradling he musket . rear shot : the column down the path that lead into the wall of forest look impressive . wider : the column march . now they look brave but smaller . the forest - with all its mystery and danger - now impress we as a tower dark , sinister , and it 's immensity swallow up the live mass which slowly enter its bosom . CUT to ... interior forest tracking the redcoat , they face now film with dust , cut with line of perspiration . they march in perfect formation . we track past the pack horse , the first company , sgt. Major ambrose and on to cora &amp ; Alice . Alice seem fatigue . cora 's turn , look up into the forest canopy , astonished at the deep beauty of the place . cora' Pov : forest canopy of tree be dark , except for spot where leave be sparse , and there the light be golden . it 's the forest of childhood . in a ravine a buck disappear into a deeper stand of tree . cora ( o.s. ) Alice , do you see that ...? cora be reverie 's break by heyward enter the frame . cora Alice ? Alice rouse from fatigue . heyward be you alright ? alice can we rest soon ? heyward absolutely . heyward ride to the front of the column to magua , who 's twenty to thirty yard ahead of everybody else . heyward you there , scout ! magua slowly turn towards heyward . heyward ( overly articulate ) we must ... stop ... soon . woman be ... tired . you ... understand ? magua ( perfect English ) I understand . this be not good place to stop . two league from here . no water ' till then . that where we stop . better place . heyward no. stop in the glade just ahead ! when the lady be rest , we will proceed . do you understand ? magua ( in huron : English subtitle ) " magua understand paleface be a dog to he woman . when he woman want to eat , he lay aside he tomahawk to feed they laziness . " heyward Excuse I . what do you say ? magua magua say : " yes. good idea . " as they begin to stop ... CUT to ... exterior mountain &amp ; forest - wide - day silently enter on either side of we come chingachgook , follow by hawkeye and unca . even relaxed , they carry themselves with a degree of alertness . they be eighteenth century viet cong move through the rain forest . the maxfield parrish / Hudson Valley of tall tree , ravine and stream be idyllic in front of they . all three cradle they long gun and move silently on moccasine foot . frontal : chingachgook - in a stream - relaxed but attentive , abruptly stop . the other freeze in they track . chingachgook see and then stoops to examine ... rock under the water in the stream . it 's be turn from its bed . chingachgook find another . unca , move up on he flank , climb the bank and move off into the tree , search and then he gesture ... he 's find another sign of something . chingachgook have head off further down the stream and discover nothing . rapidly he rejoin unca and hawkeye who have become extremely alert . they move up the bank into the forest ninety degree from they previous path . tracking : hawkeye , uncas &amp ; chingachgook move . fast . nearly soundless . they hardly disturb a blade of grass . the impression : expertise , deadliness and a impression something 's wrong . CUT to ... exterior forest , trail - magua - day on point . the trail cut the side of a hill . the ground on one side rise into a forest acclivity and on the other fall off into a forest ravine . magua walk towards camera . closer - magua be sly he tomahawk out from the front of he belt that girdle he waist . he let the shaft drop into he hand . he shrug off he blanket . there be a solidity to he dark , tall figure we do not see before . magua turn about face and advance on the column . track with magua . heyward and the munro girl pass the camera as do sgt. Major ambrose , march in advance of the man . magua be approach the soldier on the leave in the first row . we see magua have catch the redcoat 's eye . redcoat be curious , start to smile . what do the huron want to say to he ? when magua be two step away he cave in the side of the infantryman 's head at the temple with the spike end of he tomahawk and , backhand , hack the blade through the side of the neck of the center man in the first row . simultaneously thirteen musket explode from the wood rise . five redcoat be blow off the path , two other be wounded ... ambrose ambrose form company ! Left face ! March ! alice shriek . cora grab Alice 's rein and she own . heyward pull he fusil ( short musket ) , see , fire , reach for the woman ... cora' horse buck . alice' horse bolt , dodging sideways , spilling Alice to the earth . ambrose ambrose company make ready ! the regular slam into a fire line , step over the body of they comrade . all thirteen face the incline . forested rise - huron flash downhill through the tree . partner in two - man team , one load and prepare and fire while the other advance to the next cover . he , then , prepare and fire cover he partner 's advance . leap fall tree and boulder , they be athletic , fast and rapidly close . even though the discipline English regular be a kill machine , we now see they tactic in the dense forest be grossly inferior to the huron ' ... ambrose present !! cora cover Alice with she body , hold the rein of they bolt horse . heyward from horseback aim he horse pistol , fire ... a attacking huron leaping at he past Alice &amp ; cora drop . mule with baggage crash off , down the ravine . another two redcoat drop . nine leave . then eight . ambrose ambrose Fire !! a musket volley as eight musket go off as one shot , send a lead scythe through leave . but ... reverse : huron be behind cover . only one be expose and hit . ambrose ( continue ) load ! Prime ! the English rush to complete the reload . will they do it in time ? ambrose ( continue ) present ! present ! suddenly , huron - en masse - crash down onto the redcoat line with tomahawk , war club and point-blank musket fire . alice on the ground , scream insanely , cover by cora who 's protect she little sister , and ... heyward be horse shot from beneath he , the animal fold , fall straight to the earth , and ... magua shoot ambrose in the chest , and ... heyward by the munro daughter spin , swinging he fusil like a ball - bat , upend one huron and lunge with he bayonet in he leave towards another . but this huron easily slip the thrust and slam heyward with he rifle butt . british dead and die . ambrose blood gush from he chest wound , fire he pistol , drop a huron ; slashes a second with he sword . then he 's chop down . huron begin scalping the british while four race towards heyward and the two woman . heyward &amp ; cora &amp ; alice ready to die . heyward have only he fusil as a bludgeon . he ready ... three loud shot blow three of the huron sideways , head over heel down the rise . reverse : three men barely see , run diagonally across the fall line of the ravine . in part , we recognize Nathaniel , recharging killdeer on full run , and unca . huron be not sure where the shot come from . suddenly chingachgook slam he , head first into the ravine with the war club . he do not even slow down . huron warrior spin . unca tomahawk he shoulder . the huron swing downward . unca duck beneath the swing and slashes he throat , send he downhill into camera as ... hawkeye be momentum and throw tomahawk spread - eagle one huron , near a couple of wounded redcoat who fight on ... magua calmly see the odd have change . his attention become focus . he commit a very revealing act see through the blurred foreground action of struggle body . we will remember it . he raise he musket and aim at ... cora munro who 's unaware she 's a target . why be he singling out a munro girl to kill ? hawkeye see . killdeer 's at he shoulder ... time slow : magua sense hawkeye . move through liquid , he eye drift leave . the moment be freeze . they eye lock , each to the other 's . then ... time unfreeze magua swing at hawkeye and fire ... hawkeye shift . the .65 caliber musket ball rocket past he ear and he 's already squeezing killdeer 's trigger as ... hawkeye' Pov over barrel : smoke from magua 's musket blast clear . magua 's go . he almost shape-shift , it happen so quickly . it 's nearly mystical . hawkeye lower killdeer , impressed . cora glance back at hawkeye . she do not know why he 's look at she . chingachgook pursue two flee huron up the incline . two stride gain he the first man , who he hamstring and run over to pursue the second up the hill ... as ... heyward in the confuse melee , grab a find musket and aim it at a indian . we recognize that he 's aim at chingachgook pursue the second huron up the hill ... cora no , Duncan ! Duncan ignore she . heyward musket be jerk from he hand . hawkeye ... case you aim be any better and you judgment . he 's draw he sword , reflexively . hawkeye flip the musket around one-hand . it 's point at heyward 's chest . and hawkeye fire , kill a attack huron behind heyward . as heyward spin ... chingachgook's war club flash up the hill . it cleave the second man 's back and bowl he over . chingachgook retrieve he club as he scalping knife slashes down ... uncas scalp the man he kill . chingachgook dispatch the huron he hamstrung . wide sudden silence . heyward 's motionless . the woman be freeze , as terrify of the savage and apparent half - breed rescuer as they be of that who attack they . alice cora , hold she , be stunne but function . moment ago both woman be clean and demure . now they riding dress be tear , mud-stain , blood -spatter and they baggage be go . heyward be cross to he slaughter soldier . moment ago they be a testament to british military power . now they be dead meat . ambrose 's body be against a tree . in the b.g. two of the wounded start to rise ... alice ( o.s. ) stop it ! heyward spin . uncas just cut the throat of the second narraganset . it drop into the brush . Alice attack he . alice we need they to get out of here ! unca gently restrain she . cora reach Alice and grab she away from the " savage " . heyward run in to protect the woman ... heyward ( to Nathaniel ) ... why the bloody hell he do that to the horse ?! unca , all business , be now reloading , lift powder horn , scan the tree . uncas ( matter of fact ) ... too easy to track ... they can be hear for mile ... find yourself a musket ... cora 's surprised by unca ' easy English . hawkeye 's scan the forest . hawkeye ( to heyward ) you wounded should try walkin ' back to albany . they will never make a passage north . heyward ( breathless ) we be head ... hawkeye ( appropriate a knife ) ... Fort William Henry . chingachgook to hawkeye : let 's go ... then a fast exchange of delaware . cora 's surprised to see it 's chingachgook 's decision . chingachgook look at the survivor , give he assent , start off . hawkeye ... take you as far as the fort . hawkeye throw heyward a musket . cora &amp ; Alice look towards heyward . he look at they : the woman be totally terrify and do not move . hawkeye if we be goin ' to take you , we need to move . fast ... and the fort be well off we course . so if you all rather wait for the next huron war party to come by , we will be on we way . heyward quickly decide to go . the woman follow . hawkeye start off after unca and chingachgook . CUT to ... exterior forest - hawkeye - day move through the trackless forest . unca be far out on the leave flank . cora , Alice &amp ; Duncan heyward follow in hawkeye 's and chingachgook 's step ... hawkeye' feet walk through a creek , step in the stream bed instead of on stone . the other follow . hawkeye look at heyward . heyward conform . he 's ill at ease not be in command , follow the lead of some half - indian frontiersman through a foreign wilderness . ] heyward how far be it , scout ? hawkeye Day and a half ( pause ) where do you get ... the guide ? heyward Colonel munro send he . he be one of we Mohawk ally . hawkeye he be huron and nothing else . ( check the munro girl be not too close ) why would he want to murder the girl ? heyward what ?! hawkeye Dark haire ... heyward miss cora munro . he never set eye on she before today . hawkeye no blood vengeance ? no re-proach or insult ? heyward of course not ! ( pause ) and how be it you be nearby ? hawkeye come across the war party , track them . heyward then you be assign to Fort William Henry ? hawkeye no . heyward Fort Edward , then ? hawkeye no. headin ' west . to can-tuck-ee . heyward I think all we colonial scout be in the militia ? off to the side , unca smile at the idea . hawkeye I be not you " scout " . and I be in no damn militia . heyward ( stop ) then you be one of that who would allow England to fight alone while she protect you from France ? hawkeye England do not protect I and do not war against France on we account . she use we to war against France on she own account ... of greed for land and fur . cora be appal . hawkeye ( turn ) clear it up any ? heyward ( loud ) I owe you gratitude or I would call you out ! hawkeye ( low ) do not let gratitude get in the way ... cora 's hand hold back heyward 's sword arm because suddenly chingachgook loom over he . chingachgook ( to hawkeye ) yengeese no good in wood . make more noise , I kill he . heyward spin . hawkeye coolly watch cora . her attitude be hostile ; align with heyward . he turn away . meanwhile ... uncas stop , alarmed . something in the air bother he . hawkeye smell it , too . chingachgook be already move out front , low and fast ... CUT to ... exterior forest , tree line - GREEN branch - day after we hold , we realize chingachgook 's be there all along . hawkeye and unca join he where the branch meet the ground . smoke drift through the tree . hawkeye see and dip he head , then look again ... exterior cameron cabin - wide - day burn , smolder , have fall in on itself . track left past what be the doorway . a dead child 's hand protrude from the ruin . a fragment of a dress . charre and smolder wood . John cameron 's body in the wreckage . and then , through the collapse post and timber , hawkeye , chingachgook and unca have advanced and be see what we have just see ; and then cora and Alice . alice approach and be freeze in horror . cora shield she from the sight . cora be affect but confront it directly . heyward ( o.s. ) anything to be do ? uncas return from under one part of the wreckage , ashen , stoic , as they all be . we know the degree of they inner pain . uncas all dead ... hawkeye bend over a moccasin print that chingachgook 's examine . they look at each other grimly . heyward join they . heyward who be this people ? hawkeye ( be : print ) ottawa ! heyward Excuse I ... chingachgook ( to hawkeye ) ottawa . uncas enter , very careful where he place he foot ... hawkeye gesture to heyward to stay where he be : on the periphery with the woman . uncas mirror ... tool ... clothes ... all inside . hawkeye ( to chingachgook ) movin ' fast , not able to carry much ... this be a war party ? chingachgook nod confirmation and indicate a direction in mohican . the significance be very ominous to they . we do not know why yet . chingachgook start away ... heyward let we look after they ... he start approach the body . chingachgook leave they . heyward stop . hawkeye and unca follow chingachgook , leave the cabin . cora ( have not move ) though they be stranger , they be at least entitle to a Christian burial ! hawkeye ( shaking he head ) let we go , miss . cora I will not . I have see the face of war before , Mr. poe , but never war make on woman and child . and almost as cruel be you indifference . hawkeye turn back and rapidly approach she . she take a step back , fearful . hawkeye ( contain ) miss munro. ( pause ) they be not stranger .... and they stay as they lay ...! cora realize hawkeye know this people and be deeply affect . she also realize for the first time this be a whole new world with dynamics and complexity , behavior and rhythm she do not understand . he turn away from she and walk on . she hesitates a moment . wide on the SMALL clearing in front of the farmhouse as chingachgook and hawkeye , extremely alert and cradling they cocked flintlock , walk to camera , eye sweeping the forest perimeter ; they be follow by cora , heyward help Alice and unca as rearguard . the ruin cabin and the dead dream of a family smolder behind they . CUT to ... exterior glade - profile : hawkeye - night move through to where the tree seem sparse and be unnaturally white birch and some thin grass grow . the land rise into a mound . chingachgook and the other avoid step on the grass and cross to the other side of it . chingachgook mutter something to unca . he nod and disappear amongst the white birch , soundlessly . hawkeye throw heyward a blanket . heyward spread the blanket below the top of the mound and - maintain silence - he gesture for cora &amp ; Alice to rest there . alice' head hit the blanket . she curl into a fetal position and she 's out . heyward be nearby on watch . hawkeye have take a position two -third of the way around the crescent shape mound . cora have seek he out . hawkeye do not react as cora enter . he 's scan the tree ; not look at she . they whisper ... cora why do not you bury that people ? hawkeye anyone lookin ' to pick up we trail , would see it as a sign of we pass ... cora you know they . hawkeye look at she and nod . cora ( stiffly ) you be act for we benefit . and I apologize . I misunderstand you . hawkeye well that be to be expect . my father ... cora you " father " ? hawkeye chingachgook . he warn I about people like you . cora he do ? hawkeye yes . he say ... " do not try to make they understand you . " cora what ?! hawkeye yes . and " do not try to understand they . that be because they be a breed apart and they make no sense ... " cora 's indignation be cut off because ... uncas move fast . he gesture back the way he come and it mean they be in jeopardy . unca disappear around the mound . CUT to ... exterior birch forest - tree - night nothing . imperceptibly we move closer and start to see shape block out part of the white birch . red - painted face white eye . a ruff of red hair stand straight up at the back of the large man 's head . slit and monstrously elongate earlobe be weight with silver . he 's follow by other . wary , silently , they hunt . deeper : more ottawa towards the rear be two french ranger ( " coureur des bois " ) from Le regiment de la sarre . they be bearded , dirty , dress indian -style in moccasin , legging and breechcloth with hood hunt shirt . there 's nothing clumsy about they . they be the 18th century version of special force who have go indigenous . if they and the ottawa find we people , it 's all over . alice see the red-paint ottawa approach , start to panic . her hyperventilate and involuntary small sound of fear will reveal they position . a hand cover she mouth and silence she struggle . widen . it 's unca . his other arm be around she , hold she , look towards the advance ottawa . hawkeye on he back , he tomahawk within reach on the ground . ottawa &amp ; french be fifty yard away from the crescent mound behind which lie we people . mist envelop they ... chingachgook his massive arm spread revealing he war club in he leave fist ; he fusil in he right hand . hawkeye wait for the attack . cora 's eye be anxious , but there 's no terror there . Nathaniel 's impressed with she cool . he hand she a pistol . she take it . he listen for the soft drop of moccasine foot ... ottawa through the grass . thirty foot away they stop . they be motionless . then they leader gesture and they start back out . the french ranger continue towards the crescent . the ottawa chief take one 's arm and stop he . the french Ranger whisper something inaudible . the ottawa chief shake he head , " non . pas possible ... " and mean it . they retreat . seperate shot : hawkeye , uncas , chingachgook , cora tensely monitor the ottawa retreat . uncas &amp ; alice he slowly remove he hand from she mouth . she 's a little shy , then she look up , catch he eye . then she avert she face . chingachgook see all of it ; do not like it . hawkeye the ottawa be go . cora ( quietly ) why do they turn back ? in answer hawkeye look behind &amp ; above she head . cora turn and make out stilt platform of skeleton and tear strip of buckskin silhouett against the night sky in the distance . they have campe on sanctify ground , a burial place . cora &amp ; hawkeye she think it would be a mistake to ever underestimate the skill of this man or the danger &amp ; complexity of this place . she hand the pistol back to he . they hand almost touch . cora ( still piss off ) " we be a breed apart and we make no sense " ...? hawkeye ( smile ) in you particular case , miss , I would make some allowance ... cora ( sarcastic ) thank you so much . cora be angry . hawkeye , stare at the tree , glance at she . she settles , look at he . her mood change . then ... cora you call chingachgook you " father " ? where be you real family ? hawkeye 's surprised by she question . hawkeye they bury my mar &amp ; pa and my sister . and chingachgook - who find I with two french trapper - raise I up as he own . cora I be sorry . hawkeye I do not remember they . I be one or two . cora how do you learn English ? hawkeye my father send unca &amp ; I to reverend wheelock 's school when I be ten . so we would know both world ... though we be tell only bother learn readin ' &amp ; arithmetic from yous . cora and what be the consequentiality of european culture you do not bother with ? hawkeye the Bible . monarchy . many wrong idea about the government of man . my father 's people already know each man be he own nation . and only he can have dominion over himself . not king . no man be better than any other man . cora in London that radical idea could land you in newgate prison . ( change the subject ) why be that people live in this defenseless place ...? hawkeye ' cos frontier land 's the only land affordable to poor people . so after seven year indenture service in Virginia , they head out here where they be beholden to none and not livin ' by another 's leave ... they name be cameron . John &amp ; Alexandria . cora see the slate grey cloud and , in between , the field of star . she look at hawkeye ; then again up at the night sky . hawkeye ( continue ; look up ) my father 's people say ... at the birth of the sun and of he brother , the moon , they mother die ... so the sun give to the earth she body , from which be to spring all life . and he draw forth from she breast the star . the star he throw into the night sky to remind he of she soul . ( the sky ) so there be the cameron ' monument ... my folk ' , too , I guess . cora be pensive . hawkeye 's watch she . her reaction be enigmatic . after a pause ... cora ( low ) you be right , Mr. poe . we do not understand what be happen here . and it be not as I imagine it would be , think of it in Boston and London ... hawkeye sorry to disappoint you ... cora ( eye downcast ) on the contrary . it be more deeply stir ... to my blood ... ( then up into he eye ) ... than any imagine could possibly have be ... she close she eye , turn slightly and prepare to sleep . hawkeye be the one leave stare into the birch forest , a little surprised . some of he assumption about she be wrong ... CUT to ... exterior forest - wide - late afternoon deep fog have set in . a hand enter the frame scare the hell out of we . it move a branch aside . it 's unca . spread to the right be chingachgook , far to the leave be hawkeye . they hike up a steep forest slope in the heart of the adirondack . cora much further ? hawkeye top of this ridge . Fort and Lake George be downhill of it . alice re-energize , she spirit pick up . alice will we be able to bathe ? before cora can answer they hear a deep , roll roar . Alice be alarmed . cora Thunder ... papa will arrange something . uncas look over he shoulder , see something in the far distance , gesture to hawkeye and chingachgook . hawkeye' Pov : distant hill and the band of red-paint ottawa and coureur des bois , who have now split into two group , be still on they trail . meanwhile , oblivious ... heyward the man of the regiment will fetch water from the lake , build fire and provide every comfort you desire , Alice ... alice Duncan , you be absolutely gallant . if cora do not marry you , I shall . cora Alice ! heyward laugh . hawkeye see they . it bother we : will this european , include cora , shed they frontier experience ? alice I can not wait to see papa ... cora and you , Duncan ? what be you look forward to ? heyward post to a different continent . he and Alice laugh . cora do not . cora I think it 's very important and exciting . heyward look at she . she 's not kid . another angle : heyward help Alice . as he do , he stare at cora 's seperation and now she proximity to hawkeye , who 's walk on ahead , be something heyward do not like . his dark thought be distract by a flash of light and more rolling thunder . wide from the front - hawkeye drop and pull cora to the ground . cora lightn ? hawkeye do not answer as he , chingachgook , unca and heyward make they way to the top of the ridge . closer angle : cora &amp ; alice join they and look down upon they expectation of a secure piece of England in the wilderness , a safe harbor , a father 's warm welcome . there Pov : fort william henry be none of that thing . the thunder be the roar of french siege cannon cloud in dense smoke . the flash of light be mortar bomb explode and illumination rocket ' red glare . Fort William Henry be under a massive siege by a french and huron army . uncas look over he shoulder . he Pov : ottawa pursue they . there 's no way back . they be propel forward . dissolve to ... exterior battlefield , french battery # 1 - close shot - dusk french cannon roar black smoke and gout of red flame . trench dig by sappeur behind the cover of a huge gambio push toward the fort by two pole and fascis on the side . english gun crew search the night . Pov : battlefield be black . english rocket light the battlefield revealing the french trenches . english gun crew excited . Colonial militia and Mohawk sniper fire they rifle . the british gun crew scramble to adjust they 18 pounder . french battery # 1 fire . french battery # 2 fire . exterior fort , west battery tracking . french cannon FIRE rip into the fortification , explode wood and earth , shredd the English gun crew with cannister . the English fight stubbornly , but we feel they be outgun . meanwhile ... wide angle from the water a new artillery duel erupt . the action be to the west side of the fort . on the north , the fire fight be reflect on the black water of Lake George in we foreground . then a dark shape wiping to the right cut off that reflection . we see in silhouette the outline of a birch canoe move silently , barely rippling the mirrore surface of the lake . exterior lake GEORGE bank - debris behind it , two canadien and a huron alternately snipe at the rampart . low &amp ; wide : sniper behind they be black water . its surface be break by the rise mass of chingachgook , follow by unca and hawkeye . muzzle flash from the cannon reveal the canoe and the form of the girl further out . chingachgook 's war club be hold low . the huron sense and turn and hawkeye 's throw tomahawk knock he back . hawkeye 's knife flash in the night . chingachgook drive the war club up , smash a canadien onto the debris . the second canadien jab bayonet at unca , slashing he side . unca jerk he forward by the musket , fold he over and tomahawk he . CUT to ... exterior fort william henry , NORTH wall - sally - port tunnel - night amidst the cannonade roar , ad-libbed shout from hawkeye and heyward convince battle begrime soldier to open the sally - port . we people rush in . torch light the group move through the long , dank , tunnel . enlist man escort they . another torch from the other direction : captain beam be reveal . heyward I be Major Duncan heyward ! beam Captain Jeffrey beam . we do not think you would make it through ! heyward where 's Colonel munro ? his daughter be here , too . beam raise he torch , see the muddy , soak woman . he be shocked that they travel with heyward . CUT to ... interior fort william henry , parade ground - group - night emerge from a sally - port tunnel . it 's smokey . noise be deafen . the group have travel through a nightmare , only to arrive in hell . heyward with beam , cora &amp ; hawkeye , alice , uncas &amp ; chingachgook run diagonally past pyramidal stack of cannon ball , smolder beam and shrapnel , wounded man . just then a mortar be fire and explode , kill the gun crew . on the rampart mohawks and Colonial militia , sniping at the french . woman huddle in corner next to the sick and die . under rampart : militia ad lib ( shout over roar ) unca ! Nathaniel ... hawkeye wave . one wounded man , ian , intercept unca . ian think you and Nathaniel be not joinin' - up . uncas ( on the run ) do not ! hawkeye dropped in to see how you boy be doin' . colonel munro run from he quarter be shocked to see they . alice ( hysterical ) papa , papa !! munro ( enraged ) why be you here ?! cora be stunne . Alice be decimate by she father 's anger . munro see and whip off he coat to cover they and take Alice under he arm . bombardment resume . Alice cling while they race for the cover of he quarter : ] munro ( to heyward ; be : Alice &amp ; cora ) why do you allow they to come ? ... and where the bloody hell be my reinforcement !! they race into the yellow lantern light of munro 's quarter and slam and bolt the heavy door . heyward 's confuse ... CUT to ... interior munro' quarter - night munro ( embrace he daughter ; softer ) told you to stay away from this hell hole ! why do you disobey I ? cora when ? how ? munro my letter ... cora there be none ! munro what ? cora there be no letter . munro I send three man to webb ! heyward one call magua arrive . cora he deliver no such message . munro 's stunne . munro do webb not even know we be besiege ? heyward sir. webb have no idea . and he certainly do not know to send reinforcement ! munro have nowhere for he rage to go . meanwhile , Alice cling to she father . at 45 - 55 , the british Army have be he life . he blindly believe in its institution , though officer like webb would disdain he Scots origin . from under he fury : munro ( flat ) what happen to you ? heyward ( suddenly tired ) ambush ... on the George Road . this magua lead we into it . ( pause ) ... eighteen kill . it 's this man who save we . they guide we here ... munro thank you . how can I reward you ? no answer . then ... hawkeye help ourselves to a few horn from you powder store . munro what else ? uncas some food . munro ( to unca ) I be indebted to you . and get you side sewn up , young man . munro see he exhaust and bloodstain surgeon in the doorway that lead to the next room . munro ( bellow ) Mr. phelps ! phelp ' face light up when he see cora munro . phelp miss cora ! how be you ? cora ( smile ) Fine , Mr. phelps . have you cat gut and a suture needle ? ( for unca ) and we could use some rum , clothes , and a place to wash ... cora try to remove Alice from she father , but she cling to he . munro hold she tighter . then he whisper something to she . she nod she head . and cora take she . they exit . munro be move beyond word by he daughter ' presence . there 's a break , a pause ... munro ( to heyward over table map ) what a place for they ... heyward might I enquire after the situation , sir , give that I have see of the french engineering from the ridge above ? munro ( perfunctory ) logistic be he gun be bigger than mine and he have more of they . they keep we head down while he sapper make thirty yard of trench a day . his thirteen inch mortar have a two hundred yard range , so when they be close enough , they will move they in , lob explosive round over we wall and pound we to dust . heyward they look to be three hundred yard out . you have three day . munro bloody murderer . hawkeye a man , here , can make a run straight through to webb . munro ... not enough time to get to albany and back with reinforcement ... a sergeant enter , snap to attention , say something to beam , exit . heyward webb 's not in albany . he march the 33rd to Fort Edward two day ago . munro webb 's at Edward ? heyward yes , sir . munro only twelve mile away ! he could be here day after tomorrow . ( to hawkeye ) find you man , sir ! Captain beam will give you the message . beam nod . munro turn back to the map . hawkeye have something else to say . hawkeye John cameron 's cabin . we come upon it last night . burn out . everyone murder . and it be ottawa . they be ally to the french . munro look at he . munro yes , Mr. poe ? so ? hawkeye it be a war party . it mean they be on the attack up and down the frontier . munro turn to look at he for a long beat . munro do not like what he response must be to this news . he turn to heyward and the map . munro ( cold ) thank you . hawkeye 's dismiss , freeze out . hawkeye many man here , they home be in the path . munro that 's all , sir . hawkeye be furious . chingachgook gesture hawkeye out . he leave munro 's quarter almost knock over a enter adjutant who back way up to let chingachgook pass . heyward thing be do . nobody be spare ... munro terrible feature of war in the Americas . ( beat ; a mantra ) best to keep you sight fix on we duty . we duty be to defeat France . that hang on a courier to webb . CUT to ... interior montcalm marquee - choral group - night of three seneca woman and five boy , lead by a Jesuit , sing the Te deum in the iroquois language . this be a large tent that could sleep twenty . montcalm 's four personal guard be at the entrance as well as comte do levis in dirty lace , a facial wound and a braceful of pistol on a sash . Inside be simple campaign furniture and a six by eight foot battle standard and flag of France . montcalm stand with a huge and fearsome elaborately tattooe and robe seneca chief in a silk turban ... seneca chief ( low ) ... and the Black robe of michilimackinac leave we no time to put we cabin in order before tell we we french father have need of we aid . we roll we blanket and be the first to be here . yet we be not the first and close to my father 's campfire . the Marquis de montcalm be forty - five , wear a large wampum belt as a sash over he waistcoat . he have a acute intellect , a elegant manner . he be more aristocratic than munro , but a consummate professional soldier . over the seneca 's shoulder , montcalm see and nod to ... magua enter with four huron brave . this be not the magua we see on the trail . in he scalp lock , now red-stain and cut to a huron roach , be three blacl plume . a match - coat blanket drape he leave shoulder . montcalm ( to seneca Chief ) for my child and the child of the true faith , my friendship and esteem be boundless ... I will give you three oxen for a feast and tomorrow I , myself , will sing the war song with you in the great council house . the seneca Chief be satisfied and he people , plus the Jesuit , exit . the look on magua 's face and the wry expression on montcalm 's allow we to understand they relationship be base on realpolitik . montcalm Le renard subtil , how be thing with you English friend ? magua exhales in derision as he bring a chair to face montcalm and sit , european style ... montcalm ( over he shoulder ) Louis antoine , join we . louis antoine do bougainville enter . he wear a functional melange of indian moccasin over white linen breech and a officer 's waistcoat . montcalm hear what le subtil have to tell we ... bougainville publish a book on integral calculus at twenty - five , at twenty - six be a secretary to the french ambassador in London , in January 1756 at twenty - seven he be elect a member of the british Royal Academy of Science and at age twenty - eight he 's aide de camp to the Marquis de montcalm with the rank of captain . later in life , he bring " bougainvillea " from tahiti to Europe to America . magua English war chief , webb go to Fort Edward with 33rd regiment . he do not know my father 's army attack Fort William Henry . bougainville but by now munro know he courier do not get through . he will send another . magua the grey Hair will try . bougainville four or five , include two woman enter the fort ... magua the grey Hair 's child be under magua 's knife but escape . they will be under it again . montcalm why do hate the grey Hair , magua ? magua when the grey Hair be dead , magua will eat he heart . before he die magua will put he child under the knife so the grey Hair will see he seed be wipe out forever . montcalm will not get a direct answer . montcalm my sappeur be advance the trenches through the night , now . you may have you opportunity soon . CUT to ... interior surgery , entrance - phelp - night exhaust , sit on a low stool , take a breath . hawkeye ( o.s. ) she know what she 's doin ' ? phelps look up , then he look over he shoulder at cora . she 's in a borrow launderess dress / blouse ... she look different . he 's a little indignant . phelp first assist I in Austria when she be fourteen . I would say she do ... her apron be stain . hawkeye see this may be she first time in the New World , but it 's not she first military campaign . still angere at munro 's dismissive response , he 's nevertheless fall for cora . hawkeye she do not shy away from much ... phelp ( elsewhere ) what 's that ? hawkeye nothin' . Alice munro have catch hawkeye 's attention . outside the surgery where a casement meet a wall , she sit , withdraw . a catatonic older woman in a fine dress sit next to she . phelp ( o.s. ) miss cora ? gentleman look for you . hawkeye enter . cora 's sewing up unca . cora ( look up ) Mr poe ? hawkeye miss. ( be : cotton ) May I ? cora , curious , nod . hawkeye cut some piece from she ruin and discard dress that she now use to bandage unca . we do not know why ; neither do cora . hawkeye ( to unca ) you ' bout do holdin ' hand with miss munro ? unca laugh , look from she to hawkeye . then he 's up and he hurt . cora start to tend another wounded man . as they start out , hawkeye hesitates . sense it , cora turn . cora what be you look at , Mr. poe ? hawkeye why , I be look at you , miss . cora measure the directness of hawkeye 's manner . it 's not insolent , only unsettle . feeling foolish ; she turn . he leave . CUT to ... exterior french trench - sappeur &amp ; engineer - night have work through the night , be still digging the diagonally - advance trench . we note it 's closer than it be . exterior french trench - french pickett at they post guard the sappeur . meanwhile ... CUT to ... exterior fort william henry , west side - sally - port - night open . ten mohawks and ranger crawl towards the french line . meanwhile ... CUT to ... exterior fort william henry , parapet - hawkeye &amp ; uncas - night be low and out of french sight in the northeast battery . four other be with they , include Captain Jack . stack rifle be against the casement . we do not know why . each rifle be within reach of hawkeye 's hand . hawkeye be take extra care load killdeer . he charge it once , then overload the powder by a quarter charge . uncas you tell he about the raid ? hawkeye ( nod ) he do not want to hear it . ( pause ) but he be gonna have to . jack ( to one man ) get together by the West battery James &amp ; Ian , sharitarish &amp ; William . hawkeye use the fine cotton he take from cora . unca see it . uncas tight weave . hawkeye another forty yard ? unca nod . hawkeye wet it to make a tighter gas seal and ram it home . the tighter fit require more effort . hawkeye look below to ground level ... a frontiersman - courier two pistol be holster in a sash around he chest . he wear no hat and carry no pack . he wait by the sally - port door . CUT to ... exterior french trench - three picket - night be suddenly tomahawke and knife by stripped down 42nd highlander and mohawks . alarm be raise . french and some huron run to advance . Shots be fire . the ranger &amp ; mohawks fall back . french emboldene , pursue ... trench in front of west wall suddenly heyward and three company of the 62nd regiment of Foot ( 60 man ) be over the top in perfect formation ... heyward sergeant ! form three rank ! sergeant major sir! ( bellow to troops ) upon the center , wheel to the left-about ! March ! ( three motion ; drum ) rear rank , proper distance ! ( the rear rank back up six pace ) Front rank , take you distance ! March ! ( everybody move ) halt ! ( in unison they slam to a stop ) make ready ! ( musket snap to port arm ) mohawk &amp ; highlanders dodge right &amp ; leave of the 62nd 's line of fire . french be come forward . they sergeant try to stop and form they man in ad-libbed french . 62nd regiment of foot sergeant major ( dead cool ) first rank ! second rank ! present arm ! ( musket shoulder ) heyward Fire !!! like one shot , lighten , smoke and .65 caliber death scream from the first two rank like a scythe , cut down ... reverse : french fourteen wounded or kill ... 62nd regiment of foot - heyward expose . he 's oblivious to income round . a piece of hat be blow off , epaulet be shot off . the man next to he be kill and bloddy heyward 's coat . heyward Advance , sergeant Major ! sergeant major Sir !!! ( to soldier ) third rank ! twelve pace ! forward march ! drum . the rear rank walk through the first two rank , who be prime and load in perfect order to they sergeant Major 's command . as the third rank become the first rank ... sergeant major shoulder arm ! ( slam ) present ! ( slam ) heyward Fire !!! CUT to ... exterior fort william henry - courier - night sprint for the tree during the diversion of heyward 's sally . two huron materialize from nowhere and charge at he ... both be blown off they foot by ... exterior fort william henry , casement - uncas &amp ; hawkeye now hand already - load , prime and cocked rifle while the four man behind they reload the two just fire . hawkeye gesture ... exterior hillside - three half -savage canadien be run down the hill to intercept the courier . one fire ... courier a near miss . exterior fort william henry - hawkeye fire . a half second later , unca fire . exterior hillside one canadien 's fall through the tree as the second one 's hit by unca ' shot . hawkeye reach out he hand . killdeer with the heavier load be slap into it . hawkeye aim . look away a second and come back to the sight in deep concentration . the world go silent ... hawkeye' Pov : courier &amp ; canadien pursuer be barely visible . only patch appear momentarily between the tree . they be three hundred yard away : a impossible shot in 1757 . exterior forest - the canadien will intersect the courier . his arm be back with he tomahawk to throw ... exterior fort william henry - hawkeye judge wind , elevate the long rifle ... and fire at we . jump CUT back : tree hawkeye 's heavy round rip through . we hear the ball cut air . a few leave flutter ... exterior forest - canadien whacked head over heel by the impact . courier look over he shoulder . he do not know the canadien be there . he stumble in the half light . then he run on ... CUT to ... exterior fort william henry - west sally -port the three company of the 62nd regiment of Foot file back into the fort in perfect order . the sally - port be close . Three man be wounded . the diversion work perfectly . heyward sergeant Major ! sergeant major Sir ! heyward thank you , sergeant Major . thank the man . sergeant major atten-hut ! troopers &amp ; militia have see no action for three day &amp ; night . heyward get they blood run and win they respect . they step aside and nod to he . heyward keep walk . he be home . CUT to ... interior munro' bedchamber - door - night a knock and heyward enter . cora &amp ; alice Alice be in she father 's bed . cora be collect and tear linen into strip for bandage . heyward cora ... I want to talk to you , but I will come back another time ... Alice look at the two of they and rise out of the bed . cora Alice ... alice talk to Duncan , cora ... I must manage ... I can not be a invalid schoolgirl . ( start for door ) I will see if Mr. phelps need anything ... she leave . heyward I be sorry , I do not mean to ... cora her nerve be shattered . she 's try to be brave . there 's a lot go on under cora 's surface . we do not know what it be , but it 's disconcert . heyward cora , I adore you and , when we come together , we will be the happiest couple in England ... I be certain of that . more than ever before . ( soften ) I believe you must trust the judgment of other who hold you welfare so close to they heart ... cora Duncan ... ( pause ) Duncan , I promise you a answer . you have compliment I with you persistence and patience ... but the decision I have come to be I would rather make the gravest of mistake than surrender my own judgment . heyward be stunne . cora and it 's be unfair to you , while I search myself for feeling , which , if they be there and as strong as they ought to be , would have make themselves know long ago ... ( pause ) take my admiration and friendship , Duncan . and please take this as my final answer . it must be no . heyward ' shattered inside . heyward I see ... cora I be sorry , Duncan ... heyward nod . he 's speechless . he 's errect as he leave the room . close : cora the tension rush out of she and she shudder and lean against the quarter - timbere wall for support . then she collect the linen and start out . CUT to ... interior fort , inner corridor - cora move through the corridor past wounded . two french mortar bomb explode above one of the casement . we hear shrill scream in the distance and ... hawkeye ( o.s. ) ... it be no raidin ' party out for pillage . the cabin be attack by a war party . they be sweeping south down the frontier spread terror among farm and Mohawk village ' cos all the man be here . ian ( o.s. ) and my cabin 's not thirteen mile south of cameron 's ! cora , pass the open door to munro 's crowded office , now hesitates . cora' Pov : the room hawkeye , Captain Jack winthrop , Ian , seven or eight other militia spokesman , munro , heyward , two adjutant , one lieutenant of ranger . munro ( to Jack ) I must receive proof more conclusive than Mr. poe 's opinion before I weaken we defense by allow militia to withdraw . jack chingachgook 's of the same opinion . taken together , that 's gospel . you fort will stand or fall depend on webb and reinforcement , not this colonial ' presence . munro I judge military matter , Captain winthrop , not you . hawkeye that judgment be not more important than they right under agreement with webb to defend they farm &amp ; family ... Major heyward be at John cameron 's . he see what it be . munro ( look to heyward for confirmation of he point of view ) what do you see , Major ? heyward look around the room . and he catch the doorway ... cora beyond the periphery of man , stare at he . heyward munro be expect he to be the good soldier in defense of british military interest . at the same time ... cora examine he with a cool , level stare . heyward look at munro . more french round detonate o.s. what if webb get here and they need to launch a counter- attack ? they need every man they have . it 's he moment of decision ... heyward ( to munro ) I see nothing that would lead I to the conclusion it be other than a raid by savage bent on thievery . Jack winthrop grab Nathaniel . hawkeye you be a liar ! cora be sadden . heyward 's stature have fall irrevocably in she eye . heyward can not help it . he turn to look at cora ... heyward Pov : doorway she 's go . heyward suffuse with a inner sadness , turn to hawkeye . hawkeye and the blood be on you hand ! heyward reach for he sword . munro ( to heyward ) I will have none of that ! ( to colonial ) montcalm be a soldier and a gentleman . not a butcher . hawkeye easy for you to suppose . while it be they woman and child , not yours , alone in they farm ! munro ( explode ) you forget yourself ! jack we be not forgettin' webb 's promise ! munro british promise be honore . and the militia will not be release . because I need more definite proof than this man 's word ! jack Nathaniel 's word be good on the frontier a long time before you get here ! munro this interview 's over ! the militia stay ! jack ( to munro ) do the rule of English law no longer govern ? have it be replace by absolutism ? this be very dangerous talk . hawkeye and if English law can not be trust , maybe this people would do better makin ' a peace with the french ! heyward that be sedition ! treason ! hawkeye that be the truth ! heyward ( restain himself ) I ought to have you whipped from this fort ! hawkeye Major ! ( change down ) some day I think you and I be gonna have a serious disagreement . munro ( steel ) anyone foment or advocate leave Fort William Henry will be hang for sedition . anyone leave will be shot for desertion . ( pause ) my decision be final . get out . hawkeye and the other be not intimidate . they rage smolder . the look on hawkeye 's face say this be not over . CUT to ... exterior fort , parade ground - bonfire - night spark shower skyward . impromptu music . some celtic proto-bluegrass play on fiddle &amp ; drum . it 's stir . another angle : some women laundress , dance from soldier to soldier - English foot and american ranger . a few people light by the firelight be solemn . most be stir to lift they morale for a while . there face underlit by the red firelight . they be a disposable people , a diverse plurality stick in a postage stamp -size fort in a ocean of forest , lock into mortal deadly conflict because of the policy of cold and distant european monarch . a place a little distant from the FIRE we can barely make out the eye and face of a number of man behind log , crate and new wreckage from the day 's bombardment . hawkeye ( low ) ... get no kin in the settlement . if I do , I would be long go . ian you do not think it right to be here in the first place . hawkeye by my light that 's how I see it then and I see it that way now ... ian ( low ) but we be under English military authority . jack ( low ) I believe if they set aside they law as and when they wish , they law no longer have rightful authority over we . all they have over we be tyranny , then . and I will stay here no longer . no force on earth will keep I here ... anyone catch leavin ' the fort could be shot . so each man make you own decision ... that who be goin ' , be back here in a hour . hawkeye out the northern sally - port . Strike for the east side of the swamp until you clear the french picket line . head north over the ridge , then come about southeast and fork leave in Little meadow and you be free of the outpost and skirmisher ... a colonial ( grumble ) should have skinned outta this long ago . colonial # 2 get no family , Captain . figure we would stay and give them a hand even though ... hawkeye ( to Colonial # 2 ) I will cover they from the top of the casement . jack ( in amazement ) you be not come with we ? hawkeye shake he head . hawkeye get a reason to stay . jack that reason wear a blue dress and work in the surgery ? low laughter hawkeye ( dry ) it do and it be a better lookin ' reason than you , Jack winthrop . ( more laugh ) push hard , ' cos you get to clear the french outpost by dawn . ( stick out he hand and grasp winthrop 's ) good luck , Jack . the man split up ... CUT to ... FIRE - hawkeye wander among the dancer and musician cluster in group , light by the firelight . someone catch he eye and he move in that direction ... hawkeye' Pov : cora in the shadow , lean against the wall , search ... we sense she 's be look for he . he come up to she . she turn in surprise . closer somehow she breathes easier because he 's there . she 's in a white shirt with the sleeve roll up . hawkeye lead she away from some of the people . cora &amp ; hawkeye hawkeye take cora 's hand . cora be awaken to a new spirit , a new wind blow through a new land , a new self - determination ... she 's draw to this rough yet graceful man with he direct manner . hawkeye settles against a wall . she lean next to he . they shoulder touch . cora to she everything about he seem to be somehow right . she 's discover that the passion and outrage that move he , move she ... and she readiness to give herself to what stir the deep resonance of she soul be the same as he . hawkeye look at she . she 's beautiful in the firelight . cora 's eye find he and she fold into he arm . his lip find hers and tear stream down she face . she 's suffuse with a elation she can not explain . in the night before doomsday a romance be bear in rebellion amid the huddle people in this small stockade rip from the black earth of the forest of a wild continent . CUT to ... interior barracks - low &amp ; wide - day door crash inwards . twelve british sentries storm in . four bear torch . reverse : hawkeye , uncas , chingachgook , two colonial &amp ; some mohawk be out of the bunk and move with they with tomahawk , knife , a flintlock ... sergeant ( o.s. ) you ! halt ! british sentries they musket aim mostly at hawkeye . sergeant as you be !! hawkeye freeze . the other slow down , indecisive ... hawkeye drop he tomahawk and say something in mohican to restrain chingachgook and unca . the british in the torchlight with the long musket and bayonet be a image out of goya . sergeant take he ! hawkeye 's spun around and while he hand be bound . chingachgook ( mohican ; subtitle ) why do they make my son prisoner ? hawkeye ( mohican ; subtitle ) I help winthrop and the other leave ... this fight be not yours , father . I love you and my brother . and you should leave this place now and go to can-tuck -ee ... chingachgook ( mohican ; subtitle ) what will they do with my white son ? one of the guard - scared to death by chingachgook - nervously finger he musket . guard get back from he ! heyward enter . hawkeye shrug in answer to chingachgook 's question . hawkeye be move out . as he pass heyward , he eye lock on he . CUT to ... interior munro' quarter - cora - day cora he save we ! we be alive only because of he ... widen : heyward , munro , cora . we have enter mid-argument . a adjutant come and go . heyward and munro be sensitive to appearance in front of the adjutant . cora could not give a damn . munro the man encourage the colonial to desert in this very room , in my presence . he be guilty of sedition and must be try and hang like any other criminal , regardless of what he do for my child . cora he know the consequence . and he stay . be that the action of a criminal ? ... Duncan , do something . heyward he know the penalty for break regulation . he ought to pay without send you to beg . cora you know he would not send I ...! you misrepresent what you see and cause this . ( frustrated ) I , too , be at that farm . it be as he say ... munro not with enough certainty to outweigh british interest in this fort . heyward and who empower this provincial to pass judgment upon England 's policy in she own colony ? to come and go without so much as a " by you leave . " cora they do not live they life " by you leave . " ... they hack it out of the wilderness with they own two hand , bury they dead and they child along the way . heyward ( distant ) you be defend he because you have become infatuated with he . cora be have she intelligence write off as a hormone attack . she contain she fury . cora Duncan , you be a man with a few admirable quality . but take as a whole , I be wrong to have think so highly of you . heyward 's shot through the heart . munro but the man be guilty of sedition and subject to military justice and beyond pardon . cora " justice " ? if that 's " justice " ... , then the sooner french gun blow the English army out of America , the better it will be for this people . munro you do not know what you be say ! cora ( explode ) yes I do ! I know exactly what I be say . and if it be sedition , then I be guilty of sedition , too ! she exit , leave they there . CUT to ... interior fort , stockade - night heavy timbere door . a sentry . they stand at attention when cora pass as oppose to barring she entry . interior cell - hawkeye come to the door , grip the bar with he hand and look at cora . through the bar to cora they be silent for a moment , then ... hawkeye sorry ... can not ask you in . cora 's pale smile . cora they be go to hang you . ( pause ; soft ) why do not you leave when you have the chance ? hawkeye because what I be interested in be right here ... cora what would you have I do ? he touch she hand . hawkeye webb 's reinforcement will arrive or not . if they do not arrive , the fort will fall . if that happen , stay close to you father . the french will protect the officer class among the English . cora no . I will find you . hawkeye do not. ( pause ) promise I . cora drop she forehead to hawkeye 's hand wrap around the bar . she acquiesce , nod . then heavy shelling commence . cora &amp ; hawkeye look up . mortar bomb begin strike the fortress . still dark . the final french bombardment have start . cora the whole world 's on fire , be not it ? a pause . hawkeye this part of it sure be ... reaching through the bar set in the thick door , they hand clasp each other . on that image ... CUT to ... exterior fort william henry - various cut - dawn ( 2 nd unit ) french cannoneer in battery # 1 and # 2 fire again and again . they work like precision drill team . french trench end in battery # 3 be complete and surprisingly close to William Henry 's wall . crews reload the squat and massive newly arrive thirteen inch mortar . mortar one the flash -hole be prime . the burn fuse be jamme into the bomb . the primer charge be light off and the crew duck as the crude iron belch red flame and black smoke into the lighten sky . the second mortar roar . then a third . CUT to ... interior fort william henry - english cannon crew - night try to return fire but can not under the heavy french bombardment . the french mortar bomb arc in and explode smoke , flame and shrapnel , wiping out most of the crew . the fortress be under the heaviest attack we have see . wound be in shock or terrorize . another mortar bomb arc in and explode part of a building and casement , start a fire . another land in the grounds . people scatter . it do not explode . one soldier dash to rip out the fuse . as he hand be inch away ... explosion . CUT to ... interior stockade - hawkeye - dawn - later protect cora through the bar as she half sleep through the muffle roar . then the thunder stop . hawkeye separate himself from she and cross to the window . exterior fort , MAIN gate - hawkeye Pov : chevalier do levis bow deeply to Major beam . a french honor guard of five man be behind he . a white scarf be on he sword tip . the fresh destruction of the fort be apparent . debris smolder . interior fort - stockade - hawkeye cross to a awaken cora . he touch she face . he 's desperate to drill this next word into she brain . cora what be it ? hawkeye I do not know . whatever happen you stay with you father . you stay among the officer . cora look up at hawkeye . we feel forbode . o.s. be hear drum ... CUT to ... exterior french line - munro , heyward , beam - day the drum be from munro 's honor guard . they stop . reverse : french soldier Marquis de montcalm , immaculate , back by he guard of honor in white , grey and medium blue with six foot by eight foot regimental color and the french flag ( gold fleur - de - lis on a field of blue ) . face they carry two hundred and forty - five bateaux across a ten mile portage , all they supplies and artillery , and then row down the length of Lake George to get here . to they , assault this fort be the easy part . the drummer of the honor guard play a tattoo behind they . indian face huron , ottawa , Osage , choctaw , Fox ... hear the drum of the honor guard and wait . they be in war paint . many tattoo . Split ear . the Osage scalping lock be hennae red . canadien among they be bearded , dirty , half savage ... at they head ... magua in full war paint , with a coterie of huron warrior , silent , wait . drum . interior fort - english troops ( tableaux ) grim , silent , watchful . colonial militia &amp ; mohawk indian in war paint ( tableaux ) watch the parlay from a blow apart battery . Silent . wide : french &amp ; english and they honor guard . montcalm step forward and sweep he plume hat to the ground in a courtly bow . munro bow coldly . montcalm Colonel munro , I have know you as a gallant antagonist . I be happy to make you acquaintance as a friend . munro and I to make yours , monsieur le Marquis . montcalm please accept my compliment for the strong and skillful defense of you fortress . under the command of a lesser man it would have fall long ago give the superior number and material ... mere chance have allow I to array against you ... munro monsieur le Marquis , I be a soldier , not a diplomat . you call this parlay for a reason . montcalm you have already do everything which be necessary for the honor of you Prince . I will forever bear testimony that you resistance have be gallant and be continue as long as there be hope . but now , I beg you to listen to the admonition of humanity . I beg you to consider my term for you surrender . munro however I may apprise such testimony from monsieur montcalm , Fort William Henry be strong and stand . montcalm honor that be freely accord to courage , may be refuse obstinacy ... this hill afford to we every opportunity to reconnoiter you work and I be possibly as well acquainted with you weak condition as you be yourselves . be webb really en route and montcalm hope to take the fort by duplicity before british reinforcement arrive ? munro perhaps the General 's glass can reach to the Hudson and he know the size and imminence of the army of webb ...? montcalm take a moment to reply and appear genuinely sympathetic to munro . montcalm ( quietly ) my scout intercept this dispatch intend for you . munro be puzzle , suspicious . montcalm ( to bougainville ) read the dispatch . heyward &amp ; munro ] bougainville ( o.s. - read ) " Colonel munro - Fort William Henry . I have no man available to send to you rescue . it be impossible . I advise you to seek term for surrender . sign webb . " munro be rock , as if strike by a blow . bougainville hand heyward the letter . heyward ( confirm ) this be the signature of webb. ( to munro ) and I know the temper of we man . Rather than spend the war in a french prison hulk in Hudson Bay , they would fight to the end . munro ( to montcalm ) you have hear you answer , monsieur le Marquis . ( salute ) munro start off . montcalm stop he . montcalm sir. ( challengingly ) I be incapable of mistreate brave man . I beg you not to sign the death warrant of so many until you have listen to my term . munro turn . munro such as ...? montcalm my master require the fort be destroy . but , for you and you comrade , there be no privilege that will be deny . none of you man will see the inside of a prison barge . they be free to go so long as they return to England and fight no more on this continent , and the civilian militia return to they farm . munro they arm ? montcalm they may leave the fortress fully armed , but with no ammunition ... other than that , ask what you wish . munro 's impressed with montcalm 's generosity . munro the honors of war ? montcalm grant . munro my color ? montcalm carry they to England to you King with pride . munro allow I to consult with my officer . as he turn away something 's be disconnect inside munro that can never get put back together . as the man move away from the french ... munro I have live to see two thing I never expect . a englishman afraid to support a friend . and a frenchman too honest to profit by that advantage . heyward General webb can burn in hell . we will go back and dig we grave behind the rampart ! we mission be to fight . munro ( flare ) death and honor be sometimes think to be the same . today I have learn that they be not . munro look at the fortress behind he . heyward Sir ! munro ( stop he with he eye ) the decision be final . a beat . then munro turn toward montcalm . they eye meet across the churn , scar earth of the battlefield . munro I be deeply touch by such unusual and unexpected generosity ... the fort be yours under the condition that we be give until dawn to bury we dead , prepare we man and woman for they march and turn we wounded over to you surgeon . montcalm grant , monsieur . and montcalm bow deeply and as he do so ... CUT to ... exterior french line - cloak man - night pass away from the little city of tent in the direction of the beach and towards William Henry . he seem to head towards a vantage point from which to observe the fort . as he approach a sentry : sentry qui vive ? montcalm France . sentry Le mot d'ordre ? montcalm La victoire . sentry c'est bien , vous vous promenez bien matin , monsieur ! montcalm Il est necessaire d'etre vigilant , mon enfant . the cloak part . by the light of the moon the man 's face be dimly perceive by we and the soldier as General montcalm . the soldier snap erect as montcalm continue walk out beyond the line to a small stand of tree . another angle : montcalm the moon be break into piece of light on the water and behind montcalm ; from the front of the stand of tree emerge a tall figure . magua be the hatchet bury between the English and my french father ? montcalm yes . magua not a warrior have a scalp and the white man become friend . montcalm my master own this land and you father have be order to drive off the English squatter . they have consent to go . so now he call they enemy no longer . magua magua take the hatchet to color it with blood . it be still bright . only when it be red , then it will be bury . montcalm but so many sun have set since Le renard strike the war post . be he not tired ? magua where be that sun ?! it have go behind the hill . it be dark and cold . it have set on he people , they be fool and kill all the animal and sell all of they land to enrich the european master who be always greedy for more than they need . ( threaten ) and Le subtil be the son of he tribe . there have be many cloud and many mountain . but now he have come to lead he nation . montcalm that Le renard have the power to lead he people into the light , I know well . magua grab the hand of the french commander . imperceptible surprise in montcalm 's eye . magua jam montcalm 's finger to he chest . magua do my father know that ? magua' chest a deep indentation and scar . montcalm that 's where a lead bullet have tear you . magua and this ? magua turn he naked back to montcalm and put montcalm 's hand on he back ... deep ridge of a scar a half inch wide . ] montcalm my son have be sadly injure . who do this ? magua ( laugh ; sardonic ) magua sleep hard in the English wigwam . and the stick leave they mark ... ( pause ; for real ) magua 's village and lodge be burnt . magua 's child be kill by the English . magua be take as a slave by the mohawks who fight for the grey Hair . magua 's wife believe he be dead and become the wife of another . the grey Hair be the father of all this . ( pause ) in time magua become blood - brother to Mohawk to become free . in he heart he always be huron . and he heart will be whole again on the day when the grey Hair and all he seed be dead ! montcalm my son magua 's pain be my pain . magua do the chief of the canadas believe the English will keep the term ? montcalm munro would . but General webb will not send they soldier across the salt lake . have let they go , I fear I will only fight the same man again when I move south . ( pause ; shrug ) and yet , I cannot break the term of the capitulation and sully the lily of France ... Long pause , wheel turn . then : magua many thing my french father cannot do , magua can . montcalm react as if he have not think of that . montcalm as the English march away , we soldier and the canadien will be draw to the looting of the fort ... except for a small guard ... magua abruptly leave montcalm . CUT to ... exterior wood - magua - night walk back to the huron camp . reveal a huron sub-chief have be in the wood , wait for magua . now he join he . they walk in silence . then ... magua ( in iroquois ; be : montcalm ) I wonder at the blindness and pride of the white man . he believe only he know how to speak falsely to make other man do he bid . magua exhales in derision . CUT to ... exterior fort , MAIN gate - munro - day at the end of the column , ride out on he horse . both side of the gate be jamme with armed french troops stand at attention . the french color and honor guard be just outside the gate along with bougainville , Chevalier de Levis , both on horseback as be - at the head - montcalm . closer : munro trot past he walk column out the gate . he do not look at the french . montcalm salute munro and bow gravely from the saddle . closer : munro salute montcalm . munro ( eye forward ) monsieur , the fort be yours . mid - column - on heyward march with he 33rd regiment of Foot well beyond the fort . the french troops have thin out . repressing shame , he backbone be rigid , he face be straight ahead . the 33rd march in perfect cadence to the drum . in the b.g. munro on he horse pass heyward as he ride towards the front of he column . heyward do not look at he . front of column - cora with alice on the back of a mare . Alice , live through a wide - awake nightmare , be huddle under the arm of she sister . they ride behind the standard bearer . in the b.g. she father be see approach and take he position at they side . cora look down the column , sheild she eye against the sun . we know who she 's look for ... hawkeye . cora' Pov : the column the 62nd and 42nd highlander include heyward ... thirty to forty woman and a number of child - for safety - in the middle , some frontiersmen , ongewasgone and many Mohawk , walk wounded . the column be still snake its way out of the fort . no hawkeye . cora strain to see . exterior fort - prisoner be assemble , they hand shackle . hawkeye be among twelve or thirteen . he stand erect , walk out of the gate . the french be start to pour in to loot the interior . hawkeye look to he leave about twenty pace in front of he and see ... uncas &amp ; chingachgook on the other side of the column . chingachgook cradle killdeer as well as he own musket . they fall back to walk beside the prisoner on the other side of hawkeye . they eye connect ... we do not expect hawkeye to stay shackle for the duration . rank and file french a few insult . the british soldier answer . nobody break rank . it 's just talk . exterior road - hawkeye his eye sweep the column snake its way into the v-shape valley . the path cut through the forest hill ahead . he see ... hawkeye' distant Pov : cora riding near the front where there be no more french soldier . only a few scattered and curious huron and ottawa . she do not see he . profile of column - high &amp ; wide as it pass leave to right below like a long snake through the narrow valley . we be shoot from inside the dark wood . lower , in the light , we see a scatter on both slope of a couple of hundred ottawa and huron . they be in no order , be spread out and do not constitute a threat . they watch the column . slowly the camera ... slide across the shoulder and back of a large man wear black plume in he scalp - lock and other than a breechcloth be almost naked . he be heavily war-paint ... frontal - magua and the leave two - third of he face be paint red . the right third be paint black . much silver be in he ear . his tomahawk be in he leave hand . his cut - down musket in he right fist . magua 's attention be all focus to one point . magua' long &amp ; tight Pov : munro &amp ; cora &amp ; alice at the head of the column . this be the focus of magua 's attention . wide frontal : column , standard bearer &amp ; munros cora turn again to look for hawkeye . closer : cora do not see he , but something else have catch she eye . young huron run toward the column . just one man . no musket . he 's run and whooping like a dog charge from he master 's front yard . why ? closer the huron arrive at the column , he tomahawk swing into he hand and he brain a british trooper who fall dead . the single huron never break stride . he simply run off again ... cora horrify , hold Alice tighter . munro have see it too . and now he see ... 62nd regiment of foot fix bayonet . a large sergeant unsheathes a two -hande claymore , face the huron and other Indians ... troopers of the 33rd present arm . do they violate the surrender by carry ammunition ? lock be cocked . there 's the answer . munro steady ! no one fire ! exterior forested hillside - other tribe be watch what happen . heyward scan they . heyward ( to sergeant Major ) Men be to stay in file , sergeant Major ! sergeant major yes sir ! drum beat the cadence . troopers step over the fall soldier . head turn , they be on edge ... end of column - hawkeye , uncas &amp ; chingachgook watch . they exchange look . this be not good . chingachgook cock both killdeer and he own musket . hawkeye' Pov : forested slope hold . we start to make out detail in the shadow . Tree trunk . we become accustom to the dimness . now in the lower light we see deeper in the forest . closer many huron and ottawa be hide in the shadow . they be move along parallel to the column , stalking it . wait ... another brave racing down the hill from the opposite flank towards the 62nd . two soldier look at they sergeant . he nod . they wait until he 's within ten foot of the column . both bayonet the indian . he 's dead . exterior hillside - huron &amp ; ottawa see what happen . but , they hold they rank . mohawk among the british be slip tomahawk into they hand , surreptitiously . some be cock flintlock . munro gallop he horse away from cora and Alice towards the scene of the last attack . we hear he from the distance order ... munro do not break rank ! I want this rank to hold ...! cora 's frighten . hawkeye be frustrated . he see munro leave cora . he know event have a momentum and it 's accelerate . chingachgook &amp ; uncas move next to the sergeant with the shackle key who look at they curiously as ... women with child nervously search the threaten tree , hope against hope this be isolate incident . heyward draw he sword and be pass order to he sergeant major , scan the hill ... exterior forested slope - magua his eye see munro . wider &amp ; lower : magua raise he musket in he fist and emit a war whoop . we now see ... hundred have be stalking the column , hide in the tree , maybe thousand . then ... wide : all hell break loose FIRE from the tree crescendos within second revealing a spontaneous and massive ambush of mostly huron . they appear from behind every tree and it turn to a roar of musket fire , war whoops and scream as ... soldier &amp ; civilian drop like fly and seemingly thousand of huron attack down both slope . hawkeye be be unshackle by unca . the sergeant be rise from the ground where chingachgook knock he . chingachgook throw hawkeye killdeer and hawkeye shrug into he pouch and powder horn as he race with unca for the head of the column ... exterior forested slope - magua charge down the hill ... with he coterie of twenty huron warrior , head for the area in which he see munro . cora &amp ; alice at the head of the disintegrate column . cora 's hold Alice 's head to she bosom , cover she ear as if to protect she from the sound . heyward shouting order . sergeant major right - about face ! March ! first rank present ! heyward Fire ! reverse : the volley knock down fifteen of a horde of attack huron . sergeant major Prime ! load ! second rank six pace forward ! present ! huron be twenty yard away and close . heyward Fire ! as the line of musket belch smoke and fire ... wide : the hill &amp ; path we be shoot into the " v " of the valley with huron and other tribe pour down from both side . ( important : the combine musket fire of huron , English and mohawks generate tremendous cloud of smoke which obscure action , close off view , isolate pocket of combat into surreal tableaux that we will move in and out of . british troopers use they useless musket as club or with fix bayonet - as the smoke and fog swirl among the man - fight for they life ... magua glide through the scene , strike and hunt . some of he coterie of brave near he . he see ... blonde woman hugging the ground in fear . magua throw she over . it 's not Alice munro . it 's a woman protect she baby . magua walk on . one of the brave behind magua raise he tomahawk . on he downsw ... hawkeye run through surreal patch , think he glimpsis cora two hundred yard away . hawkeye cora ! chingachgook , on hawkeye 's leave , slam down two huron with he war club . cora &amp ; alice run through the chaos and murder and british trooper and mohawks lock in struggle with huron . cora 's dress be tear . she hold Alice to she . there 's a pistol in cora 's hand . one huron scalping a prone soldier , rip the trophy from he head , turn and face we . cora shoot he in the face . extremely close : alice and she eye take it all in . and she affect start to flatten . a blankness suffuse she expression and the girl withdraw from this reality into a deep dark cave inside she head . hawkeye lock in combat . he tomahawk one huron 's arm with a slashing downstroke and come right back into the face of the second with he backsw while he right hand fire killdeer at ... huron six foot from unca and about to shoot he in the back . hawkeye free for a moment , spin . he have no idea of direction any more . everything be death in strange tableaux . meanwhile : munro holler munro cora ! Alice ! he cut down a huron with he sword who be try to leap at he from the right . a Osage warrior with red scalp -lock leap on the back of munro 's horse , reach over to stab down into munro 's neck . the old man 's leave hand grab the warrior 's knife hand in a iron grip . his right hand pull he horse pistol and under he upraise arm fire backward , point blank , blow the Osage off the back of he horse . wider just then munro 's mount be shot . his horse rear up , throw munro and fall on he . heyward shouting order over the deafen noise . heyward second rank fire ! six pace back ! Prime ! load ! third rank ! present ! a well - oile , well - drill fight machine , but there be fewer of they . they be get cut off . they close rank automatically as a man drop . they be retreate in perfect order . huron warrior about to strike a downward blow be push aside by magua . closer : magua his eye drop to what 's in front of he . the field go quiet . over magua' shoulder : munro he lower body be trap under he dead horse . magua lean in towards he . magua grey Hair . I will cut you heart from you live chest in front of you eye . as you die , know that I will put under the knife you child and wipe you seed from this earth forever ... magua pull he knife and as he lean down towards munro ... mohawk &amp ; huron spin and flail furiously at each other with tomahawk and knife . the huron go down and then the Mohawk be shot . the huron who shot he be cut down by a Ranger with tomahawk in one hand and bayonet in the other . two mohawks and three ranger fight back to back . they become a island swamp by huron and ottawa : amidst body and ground slippery with blood . as smoke obscure they image . cora &amp ; alice in a group of civilian militia . two of the militiamen be shot down . the third engage a Fox warrior . cora &amp ; Alice run . munro' face freeze in agony by shock . magua reach down and up into something , emerge and jam a object we barely see into the air . but he arm and shoulder and half he chest be splash red with blood . long shot : magua see from far away , hold aloft the heart of munro . reverse : hawkeye see he and fight he way to attack when ... white horse craze , crash through man , knock hawkeye over ... chingachgook protect hawkeye , slam he war club into one huron , break he attack , he arm and he skull and swing the other way bury the blade end into the chest of a ottawa who 's behind he . then ... hawkeye be up , look wildly ... camera jam into clearing smoke : 33rd regiment of Foot and heyward . they FIRE into we face . closer : heyward heyward six pace back ! Prime ! load ! rank two , present ! rank two , hold ! he grab a partially load musket , the ramrod still in the barrel . they be take fire . Men be die . they be be push back . a abnaki wear a large cross , attack heyward from the side . one -hande , heyward fire the musket into the man 's chest , send the ramrod through he . then heyward 's shot in the thigh and a throw tomahawk hit he in the head and knock he sideways . daze . barely able to stand . he use the musket as a cane and ... heyward rank two , six pace back ! rank one , present ! rank two do not retreat six pace . they stand in confusion . heyward look to see what 's wrong . heyward Pov : the remnant of the 33rd regiment of foot be stand in water . they be up against Lake George . they back be to the wall . last stand . heyward straighten . two french officer on horseback try to intercede in the slaughter of five woman . one french officer be shot by a huron . the other french officer run through that huron and shoot the second . then he horse be shot out from under he and he go down ... jesuit plead with a abnaki to give up a child he 's hold by the leg in one hand . he offer he cross . the abnaki throw the baby to the Jesuit , pere roubaud . uncas see a flash of something yellow . so do hawkeye . they charge into the swirl chaos of attack body . as we lose sight of they ... alice on she hand and knee . a massive ottawa pull she upright by she hair about to take she life and she scalp . he 's strike by a rock in the hand of cora which barely phase he . he bat she aside and return to Alice , when suddenly ... ottawa warrior be spun , punch and tomahawke into the ground by hawkeye . unca have Alice and cora ... two rangers and a mohawk warrior from the earlier group be nearby . they combine with hawkeye to fight they way out with bayonet and tomahawk . hawkeye , uncas , chingachgook , two rangers , a mohawk &amp ; munro' daughter back through the swirl smoke . there seem to be a lull . then they be hit from the side by musket fire . one of the ranger be shot , the other wounded . huron attack . the Mohawk support the wounded Ranger . hawkeye shield cora as they back up . chingachgook smash he war club straight down on a huron , reach for the man 's musket and shoot another . then he see ... smoke drifting over water it 's glass -smooth . and the bow be barely visible of three or four huron war canoe . the shallows - hawkeye , chingachgook , uncas , cora , alice , the ranger &amp ; the mohawk back into the water . they be pursue by ottawa and huron as they fight they way to the canoe . cora hold up by hawkeye , suddenly scream . angle something underwater be pull she down . a ottawa brave rocket out of the shallow . before he 's erect , hawkeye slam he back into the water and fire . wounded ranger have shove a large birch canoe at they . hawkeye suddenly , the Mohawk fight with they be shot and spin to face hawkeye . his hand rest on hawkeye 's shoulder . hawkeye look into he face . tries to hold he up , try to rescue he . a freeze moment . hawkeye 's stare into he eye and the man be stare into hawkeye 's as the light go out ... hawkeye let he slide into the water and float away . he move cora and Alice towards the canoe ... CUT to ... exterior lake GEORGE - water &amp ; swirling smoke - day the bottom of the frame be water like glass . smoke obscure the background . finger tendril towards we . out of the mist we hear small splash and then the high bow of a war canoe define itself . it 's paddle towards we . hawkeye , chingachgook &amp ; uncas cora 's behind hawkeye . Alice and the wounded Ranger be near unca . closer : hawkeye &amp ; cora cora look leave . her eye go wide . cora no ! hawkeye spin . heyward &amp ; two troopers of the 33rd in a second canoe have emerge from the smoke ten foot from they . heyward 's aim a horse pistol at hawkeye . hawkeye be non-pluss . he do not stop paddle . hawkeye you get nothin ' better to do today on Lake George than shoot I , Major , then go ahead ... heyward 's a hair 's breadth from fire . suddenly they hear the boom of musket and round come in . wide they be be pursue by three boatload - and then a fourth and fifth - of huron . heyward be indifferent to huron musket ball . hawkeye have not stop paddle and pay heyward no heed . cora stop it !! heyward come to he sense . his head be gash . a scarf , as a tourniquet , be tie around he leg . he lower the gun . heyward when you fall into british hand again , Nathaniel poe , I will have you hang . huron canoe paddle hard and deep and the canoe power across the lake . hawkeye &amp ; heyward canoe with less paddler , plus wounded , be slower and will be overtaken . hawkeye look to unca . they both realize the same thing . hawkeye nod and he , unca &amp ; chingachgook begin to paddle furiously . the other match the double pace . they be sprinting ahead but the effort be exhaust . huron canoe maintain they steady pace . Three or four huron fire . hawkeye' canoe musket ball ricochet on the water 's surface . one rip a hole through the bow . hawkeye see one of the redcoat in heyward 's canoe be give out ... redcoat # 1 can not ... keep it up ... hawkeye pull ! he renew the attack on the water with the paddle . heyward ( shout ) how long ? hawkeye ( shout ) only chance we get be ... ( breathless ) ... to get more distance on them and go to ground ! heyward dig in . like firecracker in the distance , huron musket sound . a new hail of musket ball cut the fabric of the canoe . one redcoat be shot in the back . he fall overboard . hawkeye ( shout ) pull !! hawkeye canoe sprint forward . close : hawkeye look over he shoulder . the huron canoe they be pull away from they . hawkeye pull ...! more huron musket ball hit water nearby . redcoat in heyward 's boat be shot . but ... the .65 caliber ball do not penetrate he skin . the redcoat - amaze - pick it off the floor of the canoe . redcoat # 2 spend . distance catch up with eighteenth century ballistic . they be out of smoothbore musket range . hawkeye canoe ] hawkeye ( to heyward ) head for ... for the white water . heyward do you hear I , sir ! ( exhaust ) if you ever fall ... into british hand ... ( breathes ) what white water ? heyward &amp ; redcoat Pov : lake divide by a spit of land . the right fork become a river with white water rapid . hawkeye canoe - hawkeye paddle now , too , as they furiously jam for the white water that will shoot they way ahead of the huron . uncas leap off the stern of hawkeye 's canoe and climb up the stern of heyward 's and take control . he roughly gesture to the redcoat and the Major to stop paddle . he and hawkeye will pilot the two canoe . exterior white water - wide - day the canoe enter the white water and they be so light , they be jet-propelled . canoe Pov : EIGHT foot wave racing in the same direction they be . they hit it straight on and it shoot over they and they be drench by two wave come from the side . hawkeye &amp ; chingachgook paddle like fiend to get momentum and control . uncas ' canoe same thing . when they crest the wave unca holler at they to " pull " and they do . as soon as they be through it , unca slam the paddle in the water and make the canoe revolve a hundred and eighty degree in a vortex so that now it 's go through stern - first or the stern become the bow , so that unca could pilot it a different way through a hazard of ... exposed rock jutting out of the water . wide - both canoe hawkeye do not have to turn because chingachgook , at the bow , use he paddle to shove the canoe away from jutting rock . unca do the same . past the jutting rock , unca swing it back around while ... white water smashes into the camera . alice &amp ; cora as the canoe roller - coaster and water burst the bow . then suddenly it 's through and the water be miraculously smooth . canoe the Ranger , the redcoat and even heyward feel the exhilaration of the ride . that 's because they think they be home free . hawkeye here 's where it get tricky ... heyward turn to look in front of he . he do not know what the hell hawkeye 's talk about . heyward be Pov : the river ahead look glass -smoth . although there be a distant roar of sort . then heyward realize : something 's wrong with this picture . closer : heyward the look on he face start to change . heyward Pov : tighter the glass surface of the river continue to a line then fall off the end of the world . the river just end ... both canoe : heyward , redcoat , the ranger realize they be head for the lip of a waterfall . there 's a couple of outcropping of rock in the center at the very edge . we be at Glen Falls . hawkeye do not move ... aerial shot from the other side of the fall . it 's a two hundred foot high , death - defy cataract . the canoe - slightly above we - will go right over . two canoe at the last moment , hawkeye &amp ; unca land both on either side of the larger rock outcropping . it be literally at the lip of the fall . heyward grab a rock to anchor the bow of the canoe . he lose he grip . the canoe rocket for the edge . uncas lurch sideways , grab a tree root . he be the only link of the canoe to earth . the bow , with heyward , be literally hang over the edge . unca strain and pull the canoe to the rock . he gesture to heyward . heyward crawl forward and make the island . then the two redcoat . finally unca . the canoe rocket over the fall . meanwhile ... the other side of the island hawkeye have beach he canoe and be camouflage it with driftwood and brush . as they clamber over the high piece of break limestone , we see hawkeye be slip into a crevice . he motion to cora . unca carry the wounded Ranger . heyward help Alice ... CUT to ... interior glen fall cave - fissure - twilight the irregular open of medium blue sky be obscure by the black silhouett form of hawkeye , cora and then the other enter . heyward where do we go from here ? hawkeye we do not . heyward I do not understand ! hawkeye this be it , as far as we can go ... if we be lucky , they will be figurin ' we can not have come this way and must have beach we canoe and head cross land . if we be very lucky , they will figure we go over the fall . heyward then what ? hawkeye then we take the south rim down the mountain and it 's 12 mile cross country to Fort Edward . heyward and if we be unlucky ? hawkeye you will have to forego the pleasure of hangin ' I . reverse : wide hawkeye help cora ; heyward , the Ranger . chingachgook carry Alice , down the rockface into a cave . we hear a distant roar reverberate off the wall . another angle : the wall be scoop out , bone - like hollow erode by tumble water . at a earlier time the formation be part of the fall . hawkeye &amp ; cora reach the irregular floor of the chamber . the roar be louder . widen to reveal a curtain of fall water . they be behind the cataract , probably a third of the way down its height . Light through the water stike they with a silver luminescence . they be exhaust . the other join they . they almost have to shout to be hear . chingachgook follow by unca , take stock of they supplies . they check they powder . they have almost none . unca share he with hawkeye . the redcoat 's cartridge case be soak , the paper cartridge a soggy mess . heyward have none . the Ranger have two leave . in mohican , chingachgook decide some thing . hawkeye and unca nod . heyward approach hawkeye . heyward any powder ? hawkeye : ( crossing to cora ) only one or two load . cora be soak to the bone . hawkeye strip off he buckskin hunt shirt and wring it out . cora turn she back , strip off she white blouse and put on the faster - drying chamois . cora be we safe ? hawkeye maybe ... cora we father ? do you see my father ? extreme close up : hawkeye the look on he face tell it all cora tell I ! two shot hawkeye take cora away from the group and turn she by she shoulder and whisper to she . we do not hear what he say . cora drop to she knee and place she hand over she eye and face like a little girl try to make something bad go away . hawkeye lead she to a depression , he arm around she shoulder , she face cover and she cry softly into he shoulder . extreme close up : cora say into hawkeye 's ear , after she look o.s. ... cora say nothing to Alice ...! hawkeye nod . alice stand in the chamber not far from the wall of water , fascinate with its shimmer . she 's oblivious to all the event and everything go on around she ... heyward see cora &amp ; hawkeye together and turn away . group unca watch Alice . the wounded Ranger have fall asleep . the redcoat be exhaust . hawkeye &amp ; cora against the wall . CUT to ... exterior river bank - river fall be in mist &amp ; red sky - twilight a landscape with mist rearlit by the red light of the sun that 's already behind the mountain . the blue be turn purple and the green be turn black and the white highlight of the foam water be go rise . reflecting the darken sky , where the surface be not break , the water be fast - move metal ... suddenly : a shave head and muscle back stand into the foreground . it move down the shore away from camera . he 's follow by other huron warrior . they be two hundred yard away from Glen Falls island . huron look at the island of rock &amp ; tree and tilt he head curiously ... CUT to ... exterior forest above canyon &amp ; fall - grey wolf - twilight watch the huron below make they way towards the edge of the fall . over he shoulder : three more wolve join he , move frenetically , uneasily ... the leader of the pack look up &amp ; howl as he eye go white reflect the new moon . interior glen fall cave - hawkeye - night hear the distant howl . he 's now light silver blue by the moonlight through the fall water . hawkeye know it mean huron be out there . he exchange worried glance with unca &amp ; chingachgook . uncas immediately start up the right acclivity to one fissure , and chingachgook move carefully to the first fissure . hawkeye follow . hawkeye his countenance give way momentarily . all he experience seem of no avail . he touch the side of cora 's face . grab killdeer and follow chingachgook . alice sense new danger , slip away on she own . cora cross to the Ranger who 's semi-conscious , feverish and get delirious . she can not do a thing except hold he hand and think of she father . CUT to ... interior south fissure - hawkeye &amp ; chingachgook below the edge , listen &amp ; wait , testing the environment with all they sense ... NORTH fissure - uncas against one wall , have he ear cocked , monitoring , face away from the sky ... alice look at the sky through the fissure . she see the starfield and feel silver moonlight pull she forward . she start out onto the island , oblivious , unaware she will expose they . suddenly ... uncas yank she down next to he . he pull she head into he chest , look out over the edge , he tomahawk in front of he , he musket near he right hand . there be no sign she be see . uncas &amp ; alice he relax , look at she and put he finger to he lip tell she to be silent . languorously , she lie back , close she eye and lay a hand on he shoulder , palm up , as if he be a prince in a romantic fantasy . unca try to restrain she . alice be eye slowly open . oblivion disappear . it 's replace with escalate fear . she hold onto unca with desperation . her finger claw he shoulder . she bury she face in he chest . alice unca ... her body shudder . her terror 's total . he try to restrain and calm she . she will not let he . then she mouth seek he and in the passion of despair and fear and want life , she hold he between she thigh . and unca be confuse , but Alice whisper he name and he respond . he love she in the half - light . uncas he hand bury in she hair irradiate by the moon , then she seem to reach some emotional climax and begin to cry softly , and unca stop make love to she and hold she . then she 's flood with shame . he reach for she . she jerk away . he reach for she again and clutches she to he . and she break down . then he turn she face to he , but she expression have completely flatten . wider angle she 's not a lover to unca now . she 's pitiful &amp ; stricken and he comfort she . CUT to ... exterior river - magua - night beach a canoe on the bank . he and eight brave ease out . his war paint be fresh : green handprint on he chest and black and green on he face . Black plume be affix to he scalp - lock and he shawl be over he leave shoulder . the right arm carry he musket be expose . many scalp be tie to he tomahawk . he walk towards we approach the island , two hundred yard away ... CUT to ... interior south fissure - hawkeye - night check he powder horn . nearly empty . he look at chingachgook . CUT to ... interior glen fall island , cave - cora - night with the Ranger , look up . hawkeye enter . the look on he face . then hers . they have be discover . now they be back into a hole in the ground with no powder and no way out . CUT to ... interior glen fall , cave - hawkeye &amp ; chingachgook - night chingachgook talk to he in mohican . momentarily the anger and frustration be see on hawkeye 's face . all he experience &amp ; craft have be to no avail . he look at cora . back to chingachgook . chingachgook state something terse in mohican . hawkeye agree . heyward 's confuse . he do not know what they be talk about . cora have understand chingachgook 's intent perfectly . cora yes . go ahead . heyward ( explode ) what the bloody hell plan be this ? hawkeye ( to cora ) in this there be a chance . if I live , I can try to free you . if we do not go , there be no powder , there 's too many of they . though my heart would keep I here , in that there be no chance . none . I can do nothing . do you understand ? cora yes . I want you to go . heyward coward ! coward back at the fort . coward here . hawkeye use discipline not to kill the man . cora you try . with all you have . to save yourself . if the worst happen , and only one of we survive , something of the other do , too ... CUT to ... interior NORTH fissure - uncas - night listen . hear . then he inch above cover to see ... uncas ' Pov : the river &amp ; six war canoe of huron approach to assault the island carry torch . CUT to ... interior glen fall cave - cora &amp ; hawkeye - night she 's hold he . in the rigid language of she body be the struggle to contain she fear . hawkeye ( very close ) if they do not kill you , they may take you north up into Canada . a warrior may take you for a wife . cora turn aside . hawkeye insist . hawkeye ( continue ) listen . submit . you hear I ? you be strong . you stay alive . I will find you ... no matter how far , how long it take ... cora ( nod , low ) ... never doubt what you be do . ranger conscious now , arrange he crush body to face the direction from which will come the attack as ... heyward put Alice , who 's enter , behind he as ... unca hit the floor of the cave . now the first glow from huron torch start to light the wall . they be come ... chingachgook have they weapon sling over he back . he say something in mohican . unca spin look at Alice : she expression 's vacant . hawkeye' knife cut a lock of cora 's hair . he fold it into he shirt . the orange light from huron torch , now closer , play on the wall behind she . we hear many huron approach . chingachgook &amp ; uncas now run out of the cave and throw themselves into the curtain of water . this be they exit . hawkeye engrave she image in he memory one last time and then sprint across the floor towards the water ... what hawkeye sees : jamming at the waterfall and then through it into ... subjective camera : up a awful crush roar . we explode out the front of a white cataract a third of the way from the top and we fall down away from the world . exterior glen fall - hawkeye - night tumble down the fall ; roll , tumble through the white water ; then through air ; then back into cascade white water again , disappear ... the river below - uncas &amp ; chingachgook be body hit , disappear and do not surface . it look unsurviveable . hawkeye' Pov : falling sheet of water fall with we . the bottom race towards we at a hundred mile a hour ... just before we hit ... CUT to ... interior glen fall , cave - flaming torch - night widen . the cave be fill with huron . the redcoat be dead in the corner . a group of brave move away from the body of the Ranger . heyward be surround . the woman be behind he . he slashes at one huron with he sword and be clubbed down by a giant . magua enter . his blanket , like a shawl , over he leave shoulder , black plume in he hair . he 's imperturbable . magua' hand reach out and touch cora 's hair . cora be freeze to the spot . his hand drop away from the hate munros and as magua turn to go , he say something low in huron and the two woman be jerk towards the fissure . heyward be drag by the arm . CUT to ... exterior river - white water - night mile from the fall . we see a figure . it 's chingachgook , nearly spend , roll and tumble through the fast- move white water . he submerges , then surface again . he appear exhaust by the fall and ride . chingachgook's Pov : water rocketing at we , batter and drown we . we glimpse something downstream ... chingachgook try to focus , slam against rock , he 's strike out towards the right , swim against the current . he 's grab for something . killdeer' muzzle and leather shoulder - strap . chingachgook 's hand grab it . the current rush past try to steal he from unca and hawkeye , who be also beat , bloody , exhaust . they pull the older , larger man from the water and ... on the rock all three lie there , almost devoid of energy . then hawkeye rise , look at the other . chingachgook nod . he 's up . then unca , and they be move off into the calm eddy between the rock they land on and the shoreline . CUT to ... exterior forest - huron - day move along animal path . cora &amp ; alice struggle through the branch of tree . no one help they . when they fall behind , they be push forward . heyward badly beat , bound , stagger ahead to get behind maqua . then : heyward if magua give woman to yengeese soldier ... will receive many gift . magua ( as if consider ) gift ? heyward Three , four oxen ... much wampum . magua wampum ? heyward yes . magua do yengeese Major have property across salt sea ? heyward yes . magua yengeese Major give all property to magua . magua give yengeese Major much wampum , many gift , maybe three , four oxen . magua look at heyward derisively . do this white man think he 's a idiot ? heyward gold could be arrange . magua for munro child ? heyward yes . magua how much gold have the master of the yengeese ? heyward the King ? the King have mountain of gold ! Long pause as if magua and King George ii be seriously consider this transaction . magua not enough . heyward be first realize with whom he 's play . heyward what be enough ? magua heart . give magua new heart . magua totally disdain the englishman and walk away from he , start up a steeper forest hill . CUT to ... exterior forest - hawkeye , uncas &amp ; chingachgook - twilight run cross -country after the huron column . they leap over fall log and keep go . frontal : hawkeye breathe hard , he lip be draw back , sweat stain he buckskin . profile : uncas run . then see something . bent branch where cora &amp ; Alice be struggle up the animal path . rear shot as they race across a stream away from we after the war party and into the night ... CUT to ... exterior forest - cora - night support Alice , be drag forward by a huron warrior by a woven rawhide thong tie to she neck . magua be imperturbable . huron move quickly down into a ravine . heyward be shove forward . CUT to ... exterior forest - running feet - day Long , lope stride . hawkeye &amp ; uncas cover ground like long - distance runner . no noise except they hard , even breathe . they be move down a clear trail . chingachgook out on the flank . running hard . closer : hawkeye lip be draw back , determine , flash through the hard vertical of the forest , now leap down a embankment into the soft loam and keep go . CUT to ... ext . huron village - ornate chair - day on a rude platform . the entire village be crowded in a large circle . they all wait for someone . they have be wait a long time . in the perimeter warrior keep huron at bay for some reason . we see magua . he stand apart . they wait . then ... ancient sachem be lead to the dais by three woman down the main street between the neat row of birch bark lodge . many scalp and trophy from the massacre be in evidence . he sit on the raise platform . he look to be in he ninety . his dark wrinkle face be contrast by he long white hair . his robe be paint in hieroglyphical representation of combat . he wear numerous silver &amp ; gold medal , gift of french , English and dutch governor . most startling be he face . his dark &amp ; line skin be enhance by delicate line of tatooing . he look up to magua . sachem ( in huron ; subtitle ) the tomahawk of you young man have be very red . magua ( in huron ; subtitle ) many of the yengeese be dead , great sachem . ( sound dissolve to English ) I have bring three of my prisoner , to honor you . two be the child of munro . whose scalp hang on my lodge pole . and whose heart I cut from he chest . now we see cora on the ground . defeat &amp ; fear be hold in place by she determination . Alice look around , in another place . heyward 's hand be bound between he back with a piece of wood wedge through he elbow . CUT to ... exterior different forest - wide frontal : uncas , hawkeye &amp ; chingachgook - day run . then unca drop and the other two follow . wide over there shoulder : the huron " castle " see in the distance through the sparse tree . they have drop at the very periphery of the forest where the wood end . ( the lay of the land be important for action that follow : the village be build in a meadow . to the leave be a cliff face that rise to a rocky promontory . on the right be a path that wind up to the promontory and beyond , across the mountain . ) hawkeye see ... hawkeye' Pov : the village , captive &amp ; huron crowd in the center , outside the large lodge . hawkeye slam the earth with he fist . they do not intercept they in time . difficult odd just become impossible . CUT to ... exterior huron village - magua - day magua ... the earth be pale . we tomahawk be bright . now they be dull from war . and the huron rich with the trophy of honor ... magua will sell the English officer to Les francais and the reward be my gift to you , wise one ... the woman - child of the white war chief - will burn in we fire so all can share in this . the sachem consider this . then he look up and see something beyond magua . magua sense the sachem 's eye line ... hawkeye unarm , walk through the huron . a young boy rush at he . hawkeye , at the last possible second , dodge . other catch and restrain the boy . the huron be astound a european would simply walk into they camp . cora see he enter , do not believe he 's there . cora Nathaniel ! hawkeye glance at she , do not respond . the situation be a stick of dynamite ready to go off . hawkeye ( to heyward ; low ) translate for I , Major . into french . every word ... as I say it . magua start towards hawkeye , he tomahawk slip into he hand . hawkeye ( to sachem ) I come to you unarm and in peace to unstop you ear , wise one . because the huron be mislead by the word of the wolf who 's never speak the truth . sachem gesture with he hand to magua . magua reluctantly stop advance on hawkeye . heyward 's french translation have fade to a murmur . we hear hawkeye 's English . hawkeye let the child of the dead Colonel munro go free and take the fire out of the English anger over the murder of they helpless one . magua ( to sachem ) we father , montcalm , be great than the yengeese in the art of war . the huron do not fear English anger . hawkeye ( to sachem ) Wise one , the french father make peace and swore to they honor not to break the friendship . magua break it . it be false that the french would not be friend , still , to the huron . sachem react . magua ( laugh ) it make we french father happy to never have to fight the same yengeese again . he tell I this without tell I this . hawkeye realize this be true . hawkeye so the huron be the servant of the french ? to do what the french be shame to do ? magua no. ( to sachem ) huron serve no one . the french father believe he fool magua because he be so proud of he cleverness , he be blind . but it be the huron path that magua walk down , not the french one ... now , Les francais , also , fear huron . that be good . when the huron be strong from they fear , we will make the term of trade with Les francais . and we will trade as the white man trade . take land from the abnake ; fur from the Osage , sauk &amp ; Fox . and make the huron great . over other tribe . no less than the white , as strong as the white . hawkeye appear to be lose he debate with magua . hawkeye ( to sachem ) magua would use the way of Les francais and the yengeese ... magua ( to sachem ) the red man put down the bow , pick up the fire stick and become the best warrior in the forest . yes . it be the only way . hawkeye would the huron make he algonquin brother foolish with brandy and steal he land to sell they for gold to the white man ? would the huron have greed for more land than a man can use ? like francais Black robe do ? would huron kill tribe with disease ? would the huron fool seneca into take all the animal in the forest for bead &amp ; brandy ? but sell the fur to the white man for gold ? ... ( to sachem ) that be the way of yengeese and Les francais master . be they the way of huron man who hunt &amp ; work the land ? or of dog ? ... magua 's heart be twisted . he would make himself into what twisted he . a Dog , become master of dog . but be huron dog ? ... magua 's way be false . it be like the white sickness . magua 's way will bring only sadness and shame . be there another way ? I do not know . ( pause ) I be Nathaniel of the yengeese ; hawkeye , adopt son of chingachgook , of the mohican people ... let the child of the dead munro go free ... I speak the truth . magua start to rebut . sachem hold up he hand and stop he . nobody talk . sachem whisper to the older man on either side of he . magua wait for the decision . cora look to Alice , then to hawkeye . hawkeye exchange a desperate look with cora and then sense the sachem be stare at he from the perspective of nearly a century of law &amp ; judgment . then ... to every word . sachem the white man come like a day that have pass . and night enter we future with he ... ( pause ) we council talk since I be a boy : what be the huron to do ? ( pause ) but magua would lead huron down path that make we not huron . ( the judgment ) Dark girl burn in fire to heal the twisted heart of magua . cora , hearing the sentence ... hawkeye 's lose she . sachem ( continue ) munro daughter with moon in she hair must be magua 's wife so munro 's seed do not die . Alice be go , live in some dark recess of she mind . sachem ( continue ; dissolves back to french ) ... and yengeese officer not go to Les francais , but back to yengeese so they hatred burn less bright . La longue carabine , go in peace . people move , start to implement the sentence . hawkeye 's panicked . cora be jerk upright . she look at hawkeye in terror : sachem be start to depart . hawkeye no ! listen . ( to heyward ) tell he I will trade he ! I for she ! tell he !! heyward translate into rapid-fire french . hawkeye ( shout ) I be La longue carabine ! my death be a great honor to the huron . take I ! cora be jerk forward by three huron . magua grab Alice . cora strike at magua . he knock she aside . Chaos &amp ; confusion . meanwhile : magua ( french ; subtitle ) this be not the voice of wisdom . I go to the huron of the Lakes ! you be woman . send you arrow and gun to the seneca , beg from they venison to eat , corn to grind . slave , dog , rabbit , thief ... I spit on you ! that huron who hear , do so in deadly , bode silence . magua and he fourteen hard core brave start out as ... sachem hear heyward 's translation . he look at heyward , then look at hawkeye and he nod he head . hawkeye see this . his eye go to cora . they have stop drag she towards the fire pit . hawkeye step forward to surrender . cora be throw at he . cora look around wildly . instead of take hawkeye , two warrior grab heyward . heyward be immediately hamstrung and he leg collapse . he gasp . he 's catch under the arm and drag forward . hawkeye I say to trade I ! hawkeye 's hold cora . heyward struggle to be see . heyward ... compliment , Mr. poe. ( pause ) take she and get out . cora ( stand ) what be they do to Duncan ? Duncan ! he 's go . they start to ease away from the mass of huron . hawkeye ( low to himself ) and my compliment to you ... cora Alice ? hawkeye 's concentration be on back out of the huron mob . will the sachem 's judgment be honore ? will some warrior hack down hawkeye &amp ; cora ? as they go ... cora move towards she sister . but hawkeye hold she tightly as they retreat . cora' Pov : alice with magua 's group cross the path . he drag Alice behind he like baggage . she regains she foot . magua be oblivious to she . he 's head towards the plateau . CUT to ... exterior forest , tree line - chingachgook &amp ; uncas - day unca see magua 's direction . unca touch he father , grab he musket and race off . chingachgook reach to stop he , but he 's too late . chingachgook 's hand in the air ... two - shot : hawkeye &amp ; cora near the tree line . hawkeye have eye only for ... hawkeye' Pov : huron move towards fire pit . one turn to watch hawkeye &amp ; cora depart . will he arouse other to attack ? behind he , other be do something to heyward and flame leap up . cora' eye be on Alice , off to the right in the meadow . hawkeye tense . they be almost there . chingachgook hold killdeer . chingachgook's Pov : massed huron Sky &amp ; flame . suddenly , heyward 's stand upright into the fire , bound to a bracket by he arm . as the flame start devour he ... hawkeye &amp ; cora close to chingachgook and the tree line ... chingachgook toss hawkeye killdeer . as fast as he jam it into he shoulder he fire . heyward among the holler huron , be shot dead . it go unnotice . CUT to ... exterior promontory - uncas - day half - way up the rock face . he 's approach a overhang . he climb with a reckless desperation ... exterior stream - hawkeye &amp ; chingachgook pound across the ( sic ) to the meadow towards magua 's path ... cora try to stay with they , scramble up ... exterior promontory - uncas reach the overhang . it jut away from the face six foot . the ceiling of the overhang unca ' hand jam into a crack in the granite , form a fist and twist , make a wedge . he swing out , dangle in space by the hand wedge into the rock . his right hand reach out and up , search the vertical face for ... uncas ' hand ... a rock flake . a indentation . anything ... his finger find a diagonal crevice and ... uncas swing out , now hang by the vertical face above the overhang . his feature be distort with determination . nothing will stop he . his right hand grab another rock . his arm snap he up . then push . he 's on the ledge . move fast ... CUT to ... exterior promontory - huron - day on point be approach the path above the promontory . five warrior be ahead of magua . one behind he drag Alice . first huron start up the narrow path . suddenly ... uncas slam he off the rock with the butt of he musket . wide angle two 's musket come up . unca swing . fire . before he 's fall , unca bayonet Three . FOURTH fire , miss , swing . unca slip the swing musket , but it catch he elbow . unca ' musket fall . before it hit the ground he tomahawk be out and hack four over the edge ... magua run forward past five , confront unca head on . it 's incredibly fast . uncas ' three tomahawk swing be dodge by magua whose own knife streak like silver flash . unca , gash on arm and chest , feint right and slam magua with a open hand , close and the man be intertwined steel and muscle ... and magua throw unca . go with he and roll off unca , magua 's knife flash into he armpit . unca ' right arm be useless . he scramble up . next to the expertise of a mature warrior like magua , unca ' raw , young determination may not be enough . exterior - meadow - chingachgook freeze . exterior promontory - uncas close , swing . magua move inside , stab unca twice , turn he to face the edge , rip he head leave to expose the right underside of he throat . close : magua be knife arm punch forward . wide : promontory unca fall down the face onto to the rock . chingachgook see he boy kill , cry out and be charge up the path , hawkeye follow . exterior promontory - alice back to the edge . magua move on Alice . his knife be low , about to strike . she stare at he . her eye be like pool of deep water , calm , open , almost beatific . it stop magua ... magua inexplicably , drop he knife hand . he 's rivete by she . about he , there 's a glimmer of something else . he wear a human face for this one moment . he reach out with he other hand to offer she safety . to bring she back from the edge ... alice look down at unca , she lover , dead on the rock below . she turn to magua with enigmatic calm . her eye seem to see into he . she step off the edge . she fall to she death next to unca ... exterior meadow - cora collapse to she knee on the ground and she face fall forward into she hand ... huron warrior be run down the path to intercept chingachgook , charge uphill , fuel by a father 's rage , and hawkeye . one huron aim at the center of chingachgook 's chest ... hawkeye fire past he father 's side . the huron 's blow off the path . hawkeye race to reload on the run ... exterior promontory - magua see the approach of chingachgook . to chingachgook huron warrior be a irrelevance . he slam one aside with he musket . hawkeye fire . huron with tomahawk , about to blindside chingachgook , be shot down . magua charge chingachgook . very wide two man , like dot , race to collide at the center of the promontory . now the other fall back ... it 's one - on-one . hawkeye slow ... combatant magua - confident , pump up - feint with he leave , he tomahawk appear in he right , sweeping backhand , while he leave , magically hold he blade , be jam up to gut chingachgook . chingachgook 's dead . except ... chingachgook be not there . he roll and , on one knee with he back to magua , he arm slam rearward . the massive war club crash into magua 's back . magua stunne , turn to hatchet chingachgook ... chingachgook now up and tower - slam he club right into magua 's assault ... destroy it , break magua 's right arm . and ... chingachgook ... with he momentum , spin like a shot - putter and the next blow cripple magua 's leave side and crush part of he chest . another blow destroy magua 's collar and shoulder . magua amaze . his body be break and crippled , but he still stand . he look into the eye of the last warrior of the mohican . chingachgook uncas !!! and he spin and swing . the blade side of the war club punch into magua 's chest , cave he in two . wide magua die in the dust . hawkeye watch chingachgook 's heaving back . it 's over . cora alone , kneel in the meadow . her eye downcast ... fade out ... fade in exterior - mountain top - wide rear shot - next day chingachgook 's at the edge , face the endless roll forest to the west . a haze of sunlight illuminate silver and lead cloud . hawkeye be a little apart , watch he father . hawkeye' Pov : chingachgook speak to the sky . chingachgook ( mohican ) great Spirit and the Maker of all life ... on hawkeye &amp ; chingachgook we hear hawkeye 's English translation in voice over : chingachgook / hawkeye ( v.o. ) : ( in English ) ... a warrior go to you swift and straight as a arrow shot into the sun . welcome he and let he take he place at the council fire of my people . ( pause ) he be unca , my son . ( pause ) bid they patience and ask death for speed ; for they be all there but one - I , chingachgook - last of the mohican . chingachgook 's hand drop to he side . he let out he breath with a weariness . his eye seek hawkeye 's . they hold ... cora be stand , she back to we , in front of a rock - cover grave with a wooden cross . next to it be unca ' burial platform . cora [ say a ] silent prayer . then she pause , cross herself . her emotion be spend . she move next to hawkeye . he take she hand . hawkeye &amp ; cora ] hawkeye will you go back to England ? cora I have nothing to go back for . Long pause . hawkeye then will you stay in America ? she turn to face he . hawkeye and will you be my wife ? pause . cora yes . they hold each other 's eye . she search he face . cora where will we go ? hawkeye Winter with the delaware , my father 's cousin . and in the spring , cross the Ohio and look for land to settle with my father in a new place call can-tuck -ee . they move next to chingachgook . he sense they be beside he . hawkeye 's arm be around she shoulder . chingachgook the frontier move with the sun and push the red man of the wilderness forest in front of it . until one day there will be nowhere leave . then we race will be no more , or be not we ... the frontier place be for people like my white son and he woman and they child . hawkeye that 's my father 's sadness talk . hawkeye put a hand on he shoulder . chingachgook no . it be true ... one day ... there will be no more frontier . then man like you will go , too . like the mohican . ( pause ) and new people will come . work . struggle to make they light ... one mystery remain . hawkeye what be that ? cora , listen to chingachgook , take hawkeye 's hand . chingachgook will there be anything leave to show the world that we ever do exist ? rear shot cora stand next to she man . hawkeye put he arm around he father . they stare out over the wilderness . the end