the kingdom of heaven by William monahan early draft for educational purpose only fade up on : raven in stripped tree . frost cling to hedge , and low fog lie on the November field of France . a season of mud and snow . title : '' FRANCE , 1186 '' sustain the image of smoking field and then ( with the sound of pick and spade ... ) ext . a crossraod . dawn OPEN close on the most medieval face you have ever see : a pale , injure , vengeful face , capable of a routine mask of piety : a priest . with a dirty fingernail the Priest flick out part of a freeze worm from a winter apple . we be at a intersection of two lane of near- freeze mud in hedgerow country . two gravediggers , a cold priest , a body , at a crossroad overlook by a celtic cross . on SOUND , as the Priest contemplate he meal ( he want better and be sure he deserve it ) we hear ... the pick and spade at work , digging the grave at the exact CENTER of the crossroad . gravedigger ( 0s ) ( sing ) I be francois , to my dismay ( the spade dig into the nearly freeze ground ) conceive and bear in the usual way ... ( throw earth ) Son of man , yet by the way / not of he my mother say ... priest ( beyond cold in thin and rag wool ) shut up and dig . chew he apple he stare at : a SMALL body , wrap in something like burlap . where the wrapping be parte we see a pitiful white face and OPEN eye upon which snowflake fall . a rope-scarred neck . a woman : a suicide . a silver crucifix around she neck . the priest , eyeing the crucifix , be for a moment unable to eat he apple . then he eat . ( continued ) continued : the gravediggers be in rag , dirty , cough . the gravedigger be cleverer than he condition , watch for he opportunity in life long after he should have stop look . his right ear be mutilate . gravedigger ( dangerously clever ) denied the cross for suicide , the suicide be then bury at the center of a cross . ( lean on he pick , like a scholar ) show I the logic . ( a noticeable beat ) Father . ( dig , then : ) Father ... priest what. gravedigger the Devil be a practical man . if this be a witch there be poor return on he investment . priest what would you know of logic ? gravedigger ( the rise , and vindictive , common man ) I have ear , Father . though one be notched because I love justice . priest thieve . ( thieve , he put the dead woman 's crucifix around he own neck . ) dig. the gravedigger ( a man who will come into he own , have vow it ) , dig . gravedigger ( 0s ) when I be young and so the world / I be as pretty as a girl / I be now a man of gravitas / with a double chin and giant arse ... the priest suddenly ( as raven erupt from tree beyond a freeze field ) look in the direction away from the sunrise . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) priest ( at the gravediggers , cease to dig , also stare ) horse . ( softly , querulously , and as if there 's a opportunity in it ) Knights . straighten he clothes . medievally speak , th eboss be come . a part of mounted knight and men-at-arm come along the road . they be cloak , cowl . the color of they clothes be the only color in the day . the knight ride mare , but ready - saddle destrier be lead behind the party , which also be accompany by a cart . a squire ride before , in rich , dirty velvet ( the livery of ibelin . ) the squire , who have a cold , and be none too happy at the french weather , come up on a mudd palfrey , and look at the gravediggers , the body . a suicide be bury at a crossroad ? normal . the priest bow low . squire ( flatly , no conceit ) clear the road . as the sound of horse draw nearer the priest and the gravediggers back out of the road and bow , give the road to : the travellers . a scowling , huge , german knight ( odo ) , a worldly and scholarly hospitaler , and english sergeant ( not a knight but mount to fight as one despite inferior armor ) , a black mercenary ( firuz ) , and two mounted genoese crossbowmen in leather armor . the principal of the party be godfrey of ibelin . godfrey be what in that day might pass for a vital sixty , battle -scarre . he wear beneath he cloak ( as do he knight ) armor modify by use in the desert , padded and quilt in the saracen manner . godfrey be a man riding into he past . he seem to remember the crossroad , the countryside -- but not with any joy . he seem a man with a heavy obligation on he mind . he stare down at the body . the priest ( stand , head bow , with the gravediggers as the knight pass ) be in a frenzy of curiosity but do not dare look up as godfrey pass . the hoove of destrier , palfreys , mule , pass by the small body and the just - finish grave . the priest stay with eye avert until the ride ( and they creak cart ) have pass . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) gravedigger ( to the other gravedigger ) crusader . ( a beat ) I can smell the blood and spice . ( resentfully beginning to dig ) I can smell the opportunity . the second gravedigger do not agree about '' opportunity '' . where he be now be where he will die . he dig . the squire , who have turn back , rein in . he toss a coin . squire for this burial , from my lord . and amass for the soul . the priest bow greasily but he have other use for the coin . ext . beyond the crossroad . continuous godfrey , riding , stare around at the wintry countryside of he youth . his face be intelligent , line , grave , scar : he have see the world to its very end and now he have return to where he be bear . he see : a orchard . it smoke with frost . ( perhaps there be a particularly memorable tree ) . he look then at : a prosperous , strong , thatched farm with a workshop building ( a forge ) ; but it be still . no smoke rise from the chimney . a grubby apprentice ( he job , of which he be certainly incapable , to defend the farm in its owner 's absence ) stare out at the pass night from behind a hedge . the hospitaler look curiously at godfrey , who be stare towards the forge . hospitaler you know this place , my lord ? godfrey I know all of it . he spur on . the travellers continue towards ... the local castle . ext . the crossroad . continuous the priest be stare after the knight with interest , fear , speculation . the workmen begin to throw the body into the finish grave . priest you have forget . a axe fall to the freeze ground . the gravediggers look at each other . gravedigger she be you brother 's wife . priest she be a suicide . cut off she head . ( hurry away ) and return the axe ! the priest hurry after the knight . White ambitious face . ext . the village . later that morning a cloister be be add to a exist town church . the local bishop , fat , shrewd , a politician , but fundamentally a decent man , anxiously watch the progress , the priest with hm , both cleric hold up they skirt from the mud . bishop you brother . you have speak to he ? priest ( mock -concern ) he be insane with grief , my lord , and still arrest . bishop the burial be ... priest yes . bishop yet you do not mutilate the person . priest ( lie piously ) no . ( continued ) continued : bishop a law can go too far . ( chew a thumbnail ) it can go too far . I ask myself '' would Jesus do it thusly ? '' there be so much do in christendom of which Christ would not be capable . one day we must look into it . ( walk ) you must release you brother . I can not do without he . priest my brother , my lord Bishop , be possess by the Devil , and must be ... ( with relish ) examine . bishop talk of the Devil much more and I shall begin to wonder how well you know he . ( move on ) you brother be as mad as I be . he grieve . ( a beat ) without you brother I can not finish the church . let he out . ( as the priest , thwart , submit to this , the bishop dig in he robe ) give he this ( a chink fat , purse ) and tell he ... that he be at the very center of my prater . priest be unhappy , but take the purse , and comply . he go off down the muddy street . turn a corner , he quickly shake out half the money into he own purse . then more than half . ext . the yard of the forge . discontinuous ( sunlit , a dream ) a splendid rooster , chanticleer , take a dust -bath . a woman 's bare feet move through the farmyard . the face of the woman we have see dead . she be alive , smile . she be kneel at the edge of a kitchen garden , plant small sapling , a lombardy poplar , smile back at she observer ... balian , in sunlight , on the best day of he life . face drip . he be at the trough , wash . ( continued ) continued : egg be laid in a bed of grasses . the wife look back at she observer . ( balian ) , walk through a door , and disappear . int . a town lockup . day balian awake in reality and in dirty straw . he sit up . he be no more than thirty as it be in that day . nothing in he face except the fact that he have again remember he wife be dead . balian be no peasant . he be a master craftsman , a blacksmith and inventor . he be watch by two sympathetic guard . the priest , enter , have no fear of balian : he have be torment he for year , and know he as a easy target : a man who will never strike back . priest ( resentfully ) the Bishop need you . ( as balian say nothing ) release he . he go , a man off on he business . balian remain sit in the straw . he stare at the open door as if not know what to do with such a thing as a door . old guard ( to balian , kindly ) on you foot . this be not heaven . it be the world , and there be trouble in it . do yourself no injury . other man be always good for that . balian nod , and do stand . ext . crossroad . night . snowing a whimper dog scratch at the forzen ground , already cover with snow . the burial crossroad . balian , drunk , be look at the star . then he fall to he knee , stare at the earth . he touch the ground . it be freeze and he wife be beneath it . as he sober up , sound os : and the priest come along , with boy and gravedigger carry bundle of fuel and torch . ( continued ) continued : balian continue to kneel . the burden - carrier walk on , crossing themselves , in semi-respectful silence ( though one of the boy laugh , and be swat by the gravedigger ) . the priest remain behind , and crouch by he brother . priest you must take the corss . crusade . balian , in a extremity of grief , have nothing to say to this . priest ( cont 'd ) her grave be here . or be it there . I be afraid I can not tell you the exact location . I be not present at the burial . ( balian stare at the ground ) call I a liar . you have reason . ( a beat ) you never fight back . ( slap balian 's face aside ) you turn the other cheek . do you think you be Jesus Christ ? ( balian simply look at he , snowflake in he lash . ) I think that you conceive yourself without sin . that be a sin . balian get up and walk away through the snow . the priest stare after he . int . the great hall of the castle . night music . the traveller from the Holy land , employ they knife , be dining with godfrey '’s brother ( who stay a poor provincial lord while he brother become a baron in the Holy land ) . godfrey be self - absorb , think , eat reflectively . the hospitaler carry the conversation with the godfrey 's brother and the brother 's mendacious , cynical , and worthless son ( godfrey 's nephew ) , who be drink as if he gut be on fire . godfrey 's brother and what of Jerusalem ? hospitaler ( suavely ) in peril , my lord . as always . ( continued ) continued : godfrey 's brother we have stand there against the saracen for almost a hundred year . hospitaler the saracen , as you call they , have now unify in Egypt , Syria and all Arabia . ( a beat ) the saracen have someone ... ( another suave beat ) new . godfrey 's nephew ( follow the crusade like sport ) saladin . they king . hospitaler yes . Salah ad-din . godfrey 's brother ( belch ) gibberish . the hospitaler smile mildly , hold up a ornate silver wine cup , and to change the subject : hospitaler very fine . godfrey 's nephew ( pick a fight he could not win ) do you mean , hospitaler , that it be very fine for such a poor place ? odo , the german knight , look up at , with relish , a potential enemy . odo love a enemy . the hospitaler be suave . hospitaler I mean that it be very fine . godfrey 's brother and yet you do not drink . a knight should be a knight , a monk a monk , not both at once , that be what I say . ( the hospitaler mildly ignore this . ) but I be old - fashioned . ( more ) ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) godfrey ’'s brother ( cont 'd ) as for the cup , I have a artificer . a blacksmith . or do have ... godfrey ( distract , stare away ) which son of the blacksmith of my time be the blacksmith now ? godfrey 's brother the eldest . balian . ( as godfrey after a beat resume eat ) his child die . his wife fall into a melancholy . she would not listen to reason . she kill herself . ( disinterested , worldly ) it occur . but what 's that to you ? godfrey a private matter . godfrey 's brother be thick and incurious . eat . godfrey , drink wine , move to a window and part the rag hanging to look , with thoughtful sadness , down into the valley . godfrey 's brother ( drunk , and disguise bitterness ) it be six and twenty year since my brother take the cross , and now he return a actual Baron of the Kingdom of Jerusalem . how be that for the lot of a young brother ? in he rude hall in he rude castle ( as knight drink to godfrey ) , he laugh and toast , and murmur to he son ( godfrey 's nephew , who lean towards he ) : godfrey 's brother ( cont 'd ) ( sotto voce ) with no heir it come to I and thus to you . godfrey 's nephew ( a sadistic fop , a raper of goose - girl ) then I thank my star for my uncle . ( continued ) ll. continued : ( 3 ) godfrey 's Pov we see the light of the village . perhaps even at this distance we can see the glow of the forge . snow be fall . snow blow into the room . godfrey , cold , reflective , cough slightly , drop the drapery . int . the sleeping loft . dawn balian sit up in he wifeless bed in the darken loft . break ice in a stone bowl . throw water into he face . go on into the main live area . a rope still hang from a rafter . balian cut it down . a cradle , finely make , stand in the middle of the room . balian put it in the fire . a boy ( balian 's apprentice ) stare at he master . balian we shall go to work . ext / int . balian 's forge . later that morning smoke rise . a angle - iron plunge to cool in a barrel of water . then throw with a clang with other on a heap . balian emerge from the forge , and throw ironwork ( angle iron , simple brace , presumably for building the church ) into a cart . he look up ( startle ) and see : godfrey 's squire , sit a palfrey . squire you be the blacksmith ? ( balian nod ) balian the eldest son of the balian that be ? balian nod . squire ( cont 'd ) ( as he turn he horse ) remain . the squire , after another strange , direct look at balian , ride off . int . balian 's forge . later balian be eat coarse brown bread , and stare at the apprentice . the two eat together silently . on SOUND we hear horse . 12 . ext . the yard . continuous balian walk out into the light . the entire party stare at he . the Knights , the English sergeant , firuz , the two crossbowman , and godfrey . priest ( point ) that be the man . odo , riding , ducking low in the saddle , peer into the forge as if ( characteristically ) look for stealables . odo you be a armorer . a artificer . accord to you lord , and this priest . have you a woman here ? the priest kick at he small donkey , riding around the yard . priest there be no wife . yet the matter of woman do dangle about the place . hospitaler ( dismount ) you have my sympathy and bless and you wife 's soul be today the object of my prayer . balian bow he head . godfrey watch through the snow . hospitaler ( cont ’d ) we need the horse shod . all . and by ask about a woman he mean that we need food and will pay . ext . the farmyard . later the travellers be lolling in the think sunlight , eat chicken beneath a tree . the hungry priest have not be invite to eat but be still attempt to ingratiate himself . priest he have make great engine for siege . he have make war machine to cast the large stone ... he work finely in silver ... he would be one of the few on you journey worth more alive than dead . ( continued ) 13 . continued : odo ( eat ) shut up . godfrey be not listen . his wine cup shake slightly in he hand . godfrey , of all thing , be nervous he walk across the road into the orchard . in a flash of summer we see a dark - haire woman retreate from he , a complex look of fear and , just possibly , invitation . godfrey drink . the hospitaler seem to understand what godfrey be think : and well he should , because he be godfrey 's confessor . godfrey do you still advise what you advise upon the road ? hospitaler I do , my lord . but I take no credit for you contrition . I be merely you confessor . ( concerned for the shiver godfrey ) it be warm by the forge . int . the forge . later balian , assist by the italian crossbowman and the english sergeant , be shoe a destrier . the huge war horse have have to be roped against the side of the stall . balian calm he , talk to he . balian finish the last shoe , step back . odo be there , eat a apple . odo ( to balian ) have you be at war ? balian nod . he try to go back to work . odo ( cont 'd ) ( come close ) a archer , put arrow in you better ? balian on horse . and as a enginer , also . the enter godfrey be now in earshot . he look at balian . ( continued ) 14 . continued : odo against whom and for whom do you fight ? balian for one Lord against another , on a point which cannot be remember , and which be then or now have no significance . the priest , look through a window , listen outrage at he brother 's outspoken reply . odo grin . odo ( close to balian ) there be better game now . one God against another . the pay be proportionate . odo menace balian with sword . balian look at the point , and then u at odo . laughter . priest ( piously opportunistic ) I have be tell he that . opo , still eat he apple , see : a latin phrase CUT deep into a blackened beam ( or paint , like a frieze , onto the plaster ) . he point with the sword . odo what do that say ? balian '' what man be a man who do not make the world better . '' the hospitaler smile , walk : he be beginning to know this man . balian ( cont 'd ) my father cut it there . the hospitaler look at godfrey . godfrey stand , to he duty . godfrey leave I with this man . the room empty as if godfrey 's voice be a starter 's gun . godfrey take up the good sword just put down by odo . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) godfrey ( cont ’d ) some say Jerusalem be the very center of the world for ask forgiveness . for myself , I call it here ... now. ( '' sighting '' the blade ) you have lose you wife . balian nod , hollowly . godfrey ( cont ’d ) God have make we man . we must suffer all . godfrey look up at the rafter . wind . pigeon under the thatched eave . godfrey ( cont ’d ) I know you ... namesake . ( press on with it ) I know you mother . balian look up , know everything at once . a hammer in one hand . he be the picture of godfrey 's murderer . godfrey ( cont ’d ) to be courteous I should say that it be against she objection ... that I be the lord 's brother and she have no choice ... ( notice that balian be hold the hammer ) but I do not force she . godfrey lay the sword aside . he will accept what come . outside the window , as the father and son stare at each other , snow magically begin to fall hard . balian put the hammer down ( godfrey swallow at this ) . balian turn to the forge , pump the bellow , in chaos . godfrey ( cont ’d ) ( mervous , aware he be not say anything properly ) I be the Baron of ibelin . I have a hundred man at arm in Jerusalem . I can use a armorer . ( push on , brusquely ) if you will come with I you will have ... a live . and you will have my thanks . there it be . godfrey be not give away the shop . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 3 ) balian whoever you be , my lord , and whatever you be say , my place be here . godfrey ( gently ) what make it you place be now dead . balian shake he head , with finality . godfrey ( cont ’d ) you will never see I again . if you want anything of I , take it now . balian I want nothing . godfrey , disappointed , but not one to press the point further , nod . godfrey then I have see you , and you have see I , and that be that . I be sorry for you trouble . God protect you . godfrey go out from the forge . ext . the track by the forge . later the party ride out . godfrey linger . godfrey it be easy to find Jerusalem . you come to where the man speak italian , and then continue until they speak something else . we go by Messina . Goodbye . godfrey turn he horse after he party . int . the forge . night a sword smoke , white - hot , in the coal of the forge . balian look up and notice : the priest , lurking uninvite in the door . he continue to work . ( continued ) continued : 17 . priest the village do not want you . when the old lord be dead they will drive you out . when the bishop be dead , it be certain . balian and you take my property . priest the Church ... balian you . priest they would have take you to Jerusalem . away from all this . I arrange it . ( grab balian 's wrist ) I swear that you will have no peace as long you stay . no man ever need a new world more . imagine you sin and pain erase . all . balian look up slowly in the firelight . he see around the priest 's neck he wife 's crucifix . priest ( cont 'd ) and if you crusade you may relieve you wife 's condition in hell . ( balian look at he brother ) I put it delicately . she be a suicide . she be in hell . ( turn smile ) though what she do there without a head ... balian , the hot metal smoking in he hand , drive the white hot sword , slowly , through the priest 's chest , and carry he back onto the live coal of the open forge . the priest , still alive , look up in wonder for a long beat , then burst explosively into flame . as the clothes burn away balian see : his wife 's crucifix . he grab it out of the fire . he back away . coal have spill from the forge and the building be catch fire . balian turn and see : the apprentice . the apprentice turn and run into the snow . 18 . ext . a road somewhere in FRANCE . day godfrey and he knight be riding . godfrey rein in , and so do the party . godfrey 's Pov : balian sit he mare atop a small hill . he ride down . balian be hollow - eye , exhaust in the saddle , he burnt hand wrap . godfrey spur forward . godfrey have you come to kill I ? even this day , it be not easy . ( notice with real concern balian 's distraught condition ) what do you want ? balian be it true that in Jerusalem I may erase my sin , and that ... of my wife . be it true ? godfrey we will find out together . balian I have do murder . Father and son look at each other . godfrey nod . godfrey have not we all . ( to the hospitaler ) look at he hand . ext . a camp by a river . night balian be have he hand re-wrap by firuz . he be give a drink by the hospitaler . hospitaler it be the poppy which grow in the East . I think it be the true lotus that the man of odysseus eat . it numb all pain . a burn need that , and butter . balian , the drug in he , watch as : a fall star glitter and explode . the man of the camp exclaim at it . ( continued ) 19 . continued : hospitaler ( cont ’d ) ( bemuse ) perhaps Jerusalem have fall . balian stare across the fire at godfrey , who return he stare . balian can not keep he eye open . he sleep . ext . the camp . morning a sword be throw into the leaf-mould . balian look up from he porridge at : godfrey , who lean on another sword . hospitaler his hand be hurt , my lord . godfrey I have fight two day with a arrow through a testicle . godfrey swing the flat of he sword at balian , who , favor he burnt hand parry , clumsily but like lightning and with great force . godfrey grin : not bad . odo be watch carefully . balian take up a '' low '' guard , in terrible pain . he know what he 's do on a duffer 's level . he 's strong , dangerous , a natural , and godfrey know it . godfrey ( cont ’d ) never take a low guard . watch . ( he raise the sword above he head ) like this . this guard by the italian be call la posta di falcone ... one strike from high . like this . do it . balian duplicate the posture . godfrey from the high guard swing low and sweeping and balian parry . the great sword hack into the dirt . but when balian strike at godfrey ... clang ! his sword spin away , and end up fall point down into the earth , the cross hang sideward , much like a grave marker . it 's obvious : balian may have some experience , but he 's not match for a knight . odo take the sword from godfrey . odo ( touch balian 's eye with two finger ) pay attention . ( to godfrey ) I have you leave ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : godfrey , sit in the leaf-litter , eat dry apricot , nod gravely . we see odo and balian circle each other , fight . steel clang . as they practice , other of the party be pack to leave . the squire oil godfrey 's chain mail . firuz , fastidious , wash he knife and plate at the stream . firuz sense something and look up . godfrey set down he bag of apricot . godfrey 's Pov a knight , and then four more knight , come out of the tree to the front . they be the equivalent of rich country layabout out to do a lynching . odo and balian stop fight . godfrey mount and ride over to the newcomer . godfrey 's nephew uncle . godfrey nod . godfrey 's nephew ( cont ’d ) you have with you a man , balian , who kill a priest he brother . I be charge by both my father and the lord bishop to bring he back . the knight look at godfrey , who say nothing . he stare at this putrescent nephew calmly . odo ( riding up to godfrey 's nephew ) I say he be innocent of the charge . if you say hie be guilty , then we will fight , and God will decide the truth of it . hospitaler ( lean drily forward ) my german friend be a close student of the law . balian walk up , ready to surrender . much to he surprise : godfrey wink at he . godfrey 's nephew he be a murderer . godfrey ( slowly , and very dangerous ) so be I . be not we all ? ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 2 ) a half dozen men at arm with pike come out of the tree to the right . godfrey 's party be flanke on both side : crossbowmen to the leave , pikemen to the right . and confront by the knight . godfrey ( cont ’d ) whoever die here , you will certainly be among they . godfrey 's nephew ( wrily , look at the very veteran knight ) you be my uncle : I must give you the road . the opposing knight unexpectedly wheel away . godfrey ( not new at this ) snap a look leave as -- a volley of crossbow bolt fly out of the tree . the squire be strike in the hear and die instantly . firuz have he mare kill beneath he . odo be shot through the middle of the neck , but he wheel and as a pikeman stab at he grab the shaft of the pike and kill the man hold it . the hospitaler also deal with the pikemen ( and so do he destrier , a weapon in itself , which bite a man 's face off , and kick another down ) . godfrey 's nephew and knight ( have attain the distance to mount a charge ) wheel and charge the party , take advantage of the confusion follow the ambush . godfrey look up at they and only now do we see that he have be shot under the arm and into the chest . godfrey spur directly at the knight . he kill the man to the leave of godfrey nephew ( into whose horse he destrier smashes ) . the hospitaler now be with he . horse go down : the to man have break the charge ; they wheel , look for enemy . the sergeant , as a knight thunder towards he , swing a pike and plant it in the earth . the knight be pike off he rear horse and the sergeant expertly go forward and dagger he where he lie . he have do this before : a lot . in the path there be a general malee . firuz kill two man ( the french , in general , be hopelessly outclass by the crusader , and we can see this fact in the white face of godfrey 's nephew , whose ambush be come apart around he ) and then firuz be shot in the head with a crossbolt . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 3 ) odo even with a crossbow bolt through he neck and gargle with blood be a serious customer . he run at and smashes down a dismounted knight , and turn and cut another across the body , armor rip like linen . the now wounded second knight , grapple close with odo , grab the bolt and twist it . blood spurt everywhere and odo drop he sword grab the man 's own dagger and kill he with it . he stagger a little way , and then fall . a pikeman run out of the wood with a axe and crush odo 's head with two blow and then ( as the hospitaler , still mount , wheel ) and run away . balian , draw he sword , be be back among the tree by two scramble crossbowmen now use short sword . he kill one , and then get lucky as the other fall . he hack down . godfrey 's nephew emerge through the tree ... and he ( and he equally terrifying , eye-rolling destrier ) charge down on balian . balian stand he ground and -- be shove aside by the english sergeant . godfrey ride in between balian and godfrey 's nephew , and confront he nephew . godfrey ( visibly weaken ) thank my brother for he love . godfrey 's nephew stare : then turn and ride away . godfrey thunder after he , and raise in the saddle ( with blood stream down he side from the wound under he arm ) , hack down on he nephew with a two -hande stroke that cut through he helmet as if it be paper ( as he do this though , we see the downward motion of he arm SNAP off the shaft of the blot , leave the head of the bolt in he body ) . godfrey twist in agony and almost fall out of the saddle . godfrey 's nephew be eye roll white as he ride on a little way and then topple from the saddle . godfrey in agony ( more blood stream through the link of he mail ) turn he horse and see : the attacker run away , route . the english sergeant be kneel by the knight knock down first in the melee by odo . he have a dagger to the knight 's throat . knight ( almost affably ) I be the son of Roger de cormier . I be accord the privilege of ransom . godfrey nod at the english sergeant who ... cut the knight 's throat . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 4 ) english sergeant ( stand up ) nothing better in the world than kill a lord . the hospitaler stare with horror at odo , try to move he , realize that he be dead . godfrey , look at the sun through the black french tree , have blood bubbling on he lip . he be help from the saddle by the english sergeant and a crossbowman . the hospitaler examine he . both the hospitaler and godfrey , lock eye , know that the wound be fatal . hospitaler the bolt be break off and can not be cut out . if you rib be break the marrow may enter the blood . you will take a fever and die , or a cyst will form and you will live . you be in the hand of God . godfrey let I walk . give I a cup of wine . godfrey ( as he be give the wine ) look sternly at balian . godfrey ( cont ’d ) it be not that they have not right to take you . it be the way they ask . blood come from godfrey 's moth . he wipe it away . balian they have right to take I . godfrey ( clutching balian for support ) so do i. ext . a great crossroad / pilgrim camp . day where two road converge in a field , not far from the sea , we have a great campsite . as we party come to a juncture of the road we begin to hear a war -song , sung in french ) . godfrey be pale , feverish , in agony , barely in the saddle . at a distance a angelic priest preach from the back of a wagon : truly and innocently believe what he say . angelic priest ( os ) to kill a infidel , the Pope have say , be not murder . it be the path to heaven . ( continued ) 24 . continued : godfrey party ride through . music . each pilgrim wear , in some fashion , the cross . balian have never see such a carnival . the hospitaler speak to a old man at the head of a party of pilgrim . hospitaler where do you go ? old pilgrim to Jerusalem , brother . hospitaler by which road ? old pilgrim someone know . God know . hospitaler ( to godfrey ) we shall never stop this madness . godfrey it will soon be beyond my concern . ext . the pilgrim camp . later snow and fire . godfrey lie on a bed make on the ground . the hospitaler tend he , wash the wound . balian sit at a distance , watch . guy do lusignan , a splendid knight in the tred cross we will associate with extremist in Jerusalem , walk up to godfrey 's fire with a party of knight - recruit . guy ( faux solicitous ) no news of reinforcement ? if I be in Jerusalem first , as seem - — — ( smile ) very likely ... I will give the news . guy look at balian . guy ( cont 'd ) who be this ? godfrey ( for the first time ) my son . guy , think that godfrey 's pend death have remove one of he enemy , find the place unoccupy . ( continued ) 25 . continued : guy would I have fight you when you be still capable of make bastard . godfrey chuckle for a long time . godfrey I know you mother when she be make hers . fortunately , you could not be one of mine . guy look as if he might move on godfrey : but look up as see the hospitaler , the English sergeant . guy ( to godfrey ) all will be settle . he go off with knight . ext . messina . day bell ringing in a crumble belfry . Beyond they : a medieval port city , a crusader launching point . caravel at anchor . the Mediterranean winter : whipping wind , a cold blue sea . godfrey , now near death , ride in a jolting cart , balian ride with he . ext . the courtyard of the hospital of ST . JOHN . day the hospitaler meet other hospitalers in clerical habit , and gesture to godfrey . this man come forward . balian watch as he father be carry into the building . int . the hospital of ST . JOHN . day the hospitaler be praying above the sleep godfrey . balian join he . hospitaler do not be deceive by he chance . he be in the hand of god. ext . balcony at the hospital of ST . JOHN . day godfrey , lie on a couch where he have be set out for air , look at the harbor . godfrey balian . balian join he . together the two man look at the harbor . ( continued ) 26 . continued : godfrey ( cont ’d ) do you know what lie in the Holy land ? not what the Church say , but what do lie there ? balian shake he head slowly '' no '' . godfrey ( cont ’d ) a new world . ( a beat ) a man who in France have not a house be in the Holy land the master of a city . he who be the master of a city beg in the gutter . there be the end of the world you be not what you be bear , but what you have it in yourself to be . balian I hope to find forgiveness there . that be all I know . godfrey be wrack by pain . he need to cough , but be in too much pain . he stare at balian , and then with great intensity : godfrey whatever you position , and that I will decide , you be of my house , and that mean you will serve the King of Jerusalem . balian what might a king ask of a man like I ? godfrey this king ? a better world than have ever be see . a kingdom of conscience . a kingdom of heaven . ( a beat ) peace instead of war ... love instead of hate . do oyu think that lay at the end of '' crusade '' ? balian shake he head '' no '' . godfrey ( cont ’d ) ( softly ) it do . ( a beat ) there be peace between Christian and Muslims . we live together . ( more ) ( continued ) 27 . continued : ( 2 ) godfrey ( cont ’d ) or between saladin and the King we try . ( turn ) Men still go down to the Holy land for war , however , and war they will have , for all the good king and fine intention in the world . ( a beat ) you will serve the peace , and the King . swear . balian I swear . godfrey point at a BOWL of orange . godfrey ( point at orange ) good . get I one of that . balian do . godfrey peel the orange . balian allow godfrey to put the section of fruit ( like the host ) into he mouth . quite obviously he have never expect that anything on the earth could taste like this . godfrey ( cont ’d ) that be the East . ( look at he son ) you be all that survive I . do not disappoint I . ext . the port of messina . day balian sit by the wall with the english sergeant , be fascinate by the sea-trade . ( and there 's a lot of it : orange , spice , silk , be unload ) . crusader be stream onto ship . english sergeant venetian . genoan . all the trade of the world . when we take the Holy land we take the saracen trading port . so italian ship carry silk and spice , and pilgrim if they have money , and Italy become rich . ( eat sausage off he knife ) as the savior intend . as the sound die balian become aware of a strange sound : Muslims praying . balian look around and see : muslim shipyard worker , praying . ( continued ) 28 . continued : balian ( astonished , walk forward ) what be that man ? english sergeant ( eat ) Muslims . saracen . balian they be allow they prayer ? english sergeant ( shrug ) if they pay a tax . ( translate the prayer ) '' praise be to go , it be proper to praise he . '' balian it sound like ... we prayer . the english sergeant drolly nod : now you be get it . destrier ride through the praying Muslims , scatter they . guy come up on horseback , 20 drunk man with he . he examine balian insolently . horse whirl , snap . guy when the King be dead , Jerusalem will be no place for friend to the Muslims and traitor to christendom like you father . show guy 's men . the impossibility of action . guy ( cont 'd ) I be guy de lusignan . ( spit on balian 's tunic : godfrey 's livery ) remember that name . and I . he go to cut balian across the face with he stick . balian grab the stick . guy ( cont 'd ) keep it . balian how will you ride , my lord , if you can not beat the horse ? guy would like to kill balian on the spot . but he man have ride on and the English sergeant be no joke . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) guy I will see you in Jerusalem . guy ride he horse past the port , he man clatter after he . the english sergeant remain . peer after guy , then at balian . balian , white - knuckle , throw the stick aside . english sergeant ( go back to eat ) he will be king in Jerusalem one day . balian wipe at he defile tunic , godfrey 's livery , stare after guy . int . the '' hospital '' or hostel of ST . JOHN . night a fire at the end of the long room . godfrey , on a couch , be die . a table of candle . a hospitaler be write to godfrey 's whisper dictation , which we can not hear . we hospitaler come forward from the deathb . hospitaler ( grim , to english sergeant ) get he . int . servant 's section of the hostel . night balian be asleep on a mat . the english sergeant kick he . balian look up : he have be dread the news that godfrey be die ... and expect it ... but do not expect ... a white garment , drop in he lap . six hospitalers and the english sergeant stand look at balian , who be very much a peasant hold a white cloth . english sergeant put it on . balian look at the garment , at the man . he stand , already shirtless , and put on the white gown . english sergeant ( cont ’d ) come with this knight and do not be afraid . I will walk behind . balian ( no suspicion whatsoever ) come with this knight . 30 . int . a hallway . night balian , in he white gown , be take along the hall . int . the room where godfrey be dying . continuous balian , enter , confront : the hospitaler . godfrey be on he foot , support by two hospitalers . hospitaler get on you knee . balian comply . godfrey , support by the monk , come forward through the gloom . then he stand by himself above balian . balian dare for a moment to look up ; and then look down . godfrey ( barely able to speak ) be without fear in the face of you enemy . be brave and upright that God may love thee . speak the truth , always , even if it lead to you death . safeguard the helpless , and do no wrong . that be you oath . godfrey with the last of he strength deliver a blow with he open hand that nearly knock balian sprawling . ( there be no crap with sword in that day : you get whacked ) . godfrey ( cont ’d ) and that 's so you remember it . as balian recover , godfrey be be help back to he bed . balian look up in wonder . hospitaler rise a knight , and Baron of ibelin . godfrey be whisper . balian kneel . godfrey grip balian 's hand . godfrey be whisper to balian . godfrey defend the king . if the king be no more , protect the people . hand he he ( very distinctive ) sword . hospitaler ( softly ) you must confess now to Holy God , my lord , not you son . ( continued ) 31 . continued : godfrey nod , weakly : he might differ ; but it be time . hospitaler ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) be you sorry for all you sin ? godfrey for all but one . godfrey nod . oil be apply to he head . latin be speak . the hospitalers kneel . godfrey slowly make the sign of the cross ; and die . ext . the port . later brutal wind . the hospitaler walk towards the dock , with balian . hospitaler I leave now with my order . you will go tomorrow by the genoan ship . if it be God 's will that I die at sea , go to godfrey 's house . you will be expect . you will be know . balian nod . the hospitaler embrace he . hospitaler ( cont ’d ) each day do right . and no wrong . ( a beat ) God bless you . the hospitaler walk aboard the galley . balian watch . the english sergeant join he . english sergeant for that who go upon the sea in ship , Mary mother of God pray for they ... as the sound of the wind rise on sound : dissolve to : ext . the coast of the kingdom of jerusalem . morning OPEN on a beach with wreckage tumble in the tide race . the english sergeant lie drown , eye glaze , he mouth full of sand . the wreckage of a shattered galley lie break on the sand . bird be scream overhead , and peck at the body of the drown . ( continued ) 32 . continued : there be knight , priest , great lady and they servant ... and ( a raven peck at he head ) balian , who wake , cough . godfrey 's sword be strapped to he back . the raven hop away , caw . balian wear a simple tunic , hose . he have lose he boot , mail . he get to he foot and survey the destruction as the sun rise . he approach one corpse -- another - - he drive the bird away from several -- but they be all dead . stare out to sea he see : a horse tangle in line , madden with fear . balian wade out , then swim to the horse . he pull he knife and cut it free , take the halter , and lead it out of the water . holding , calming , the horse , he hobble it deftly with a piece of line . balian be exhaust , thirsty . he rummages among the wreckage and corpse . ( the horse be fight its hobble throughout ) . he crouch near a dead lady . he close she eye , or try to , and then snap loose she purse . he find a knife on a corpse and stick it through loop on the back of he belt . he find a lead box contain sodden bread . he stuff it into he mouth , then spit it out : it 's impregnate with salt water . he cut a strap on a case and pull out ... useless woman 's clothes , a breviary , rosary bead ... in the wavewash he find ...a corked bottle . as he do , the horse , skittish throughout , snap its hobble and gallop off down the beach . balian chase after it a little way , then give up . the horse disappear . balian swig wine : it 's not go to do . he need water . he look inland . balian 's Pov : a scrap of green in a chasm in the desert rock . the mirage have begin to waver . balian walk into the interior . ext . the desert . day balian be walk , sunburnt , desperate to find water . he take a drink of wine . he come to the top of a hill and see : balian 's Pov : a wadi . he stumble , run , towards the water , and throw himself down on the bank , use a cup hand to shovel water into he mouth . he lie with he cheek in the mud , look up at the palm rustling overhead . ( continued ) 33 . continued : as he lie there he hear , off , a snort , and a slow clopping . he lie without move . the horse he lose on the beach skittishly drink at the pool , eyeing balian warily . balian move slightly . the horse edge away . warily balian try to move again . the horse watch he every move . finally , though , the horse come back to drink , and make he mistake . in two second balian have get he finger into the mane and be on the horse 's back . the horse try to throw he . balian hang on like a madman , whip off he belt , put it through the halter ... and finally , he be riding ! he turn the horse and see : two mounted arab , stare at he . one ( imad ) be a finely dress , handsome young man who look like a scholar . the other be a fantastical saracen knight with a lance . his helmet drip with chain mail . he wear silk . saracen knight ( in arabic ) that be my horse . imad he say , that be he horse . balian why would it be he horse ? imad because it be on he land . balian I take this horse from the sea . imad translate . the saracen knight say something back . imad he say you be a great liar , and that though he will not fight you for the horse , because it be he horse , he will fight you because you be a liar . further , he will fight you because that be simply what he do . balian I have no desire to fight . imad then you must give he the horse and become he slave . he be old - fashioned . ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) balian no . the saracen knight immediately charge . balian be throw from he rear horse . the saracen knight drive again with he lance , miss . the lance strike into the ground and snap . he now take out he bow , and feel for a arorw . balian run wildly towards he . the saracen knight keep he distance , try to nock a arrow . balian slip in the sand . balian ( cont 'd ) fight I fairly . imad why should he ? balian ( just remember it ) I be the Baron of ibelin . imad ( translate ) he say that the Baron of ibelin be old . he know he at Damascus . balian I be the new one . this be translate . saracen knight consider . he dismount , and draw he sword . balian take '' the high guard '' as show he by godfrey . in the fight , godfrey 's good sword snap the heavy scimitar . the saracen knight scramble for the business end of he break lance . balian , sword raise over he head , run he down and kill he . imad be throw from he rear horse ( blood from the final blow have fly into he horse 's eye ) and lie stunne on the ground . stagger with exhaustion , balian approach imad . imad , sit up , hold out he arm in a gesture of surrender . balian dig ravenously in a saddlebag , find date , cram into he mouth . balian ( cont 'd ) you have take it very well that I have kill you master . imad ( philosophically ) it be the end of he time . take it poorly bake no bread . imad be scholarly , awfully well - dress for a servant , but balian have no way to measure this . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 3 ) balian take I to Jerusalem . ext . the david gate of jerusalem . day the massive '' david tower '' stand above the track . above it the dome and spire of Jerusalem . it be a impressive sight : the '' center of the world '' , completely wall . balian and imad ride towards the gate , cover with dust . imad I will be cloak in the town if it please my lord . balian why ? imad ( lie poorly ) I owe money . balian could not care less . balian and the cloak imad enter , past town guard . we follow through into : ext . jerusalem . continuous a booming marketplace . Jerusalem be the crossroad of the world , open to all . Arabs , Jews , syrian , byzantine Christians , european , pilgrim walk barefoot with ash on they head , vast number of the mad , naked saint cover with filth . many , many child . it 's almost a city of child . balian and imad walk on , lead they horse . the master of a Muslim caravan recognize imad : begin , shocked , to speak , to bow ; imad raise a palm and quiet he . balian ( not have notice this ) where do Christ die ? imad ( point os ) that be where the Prophet come down from the sky . I be no expert in the other matter . balian ( almost frantic ) I must know where Christ die . imad ( bemuse ) I think he do not . ( continued ) 36 . continued : balian ( to a disreputable passerby ) where be Christ crucify ? the disreputable passerby hold out he hand . balian pay he a coin . the man point solemnly at a hill . balian start off up the hill . imad , hold the horse , watch he go , bemusedly . ext . golgotha / calvary ( supposedly ) . twilight balian climb '' golgotha '' with a desperation , as if he will find every answer , at the top . a robber ( turbane , ghoulish , but originally french ) hold up : a nail . robber it be one of the nail that pierce we Lord . balian start to move past . the robber in a flash hold a dagger on balian . balian shove the man aside ( the robber stumble and fall , lose he knife ) . balian cur off he own purse , throw it at the robber and stride on . robber ( cont 'd ) that be good . that be godly . the robber and he friend scramble and fight for the purse . balian come to the apex of the hill and , take the cross from beneath he shirt , fall to he knee . he look uncertain . he lay down the sword , and close he eye , clutching the cross , pray . he wait for a answer . it be not work . we leave he as dust blow around he in the twilight . later star have come out . balian still be on he knee but he arm be at he side . a picture of sadness , confusion , defeat . ext . golgotha / calvary . dawn at cock crow , balian wake up look into the rise light . he need water . he remember where he be . he look out over Jerusalem . he wipe dirt and tear off he face . a man put himself back together . in one hand he hold the cross and in the other the sword . he look around to see if anyone be observe he , and then quickly scratch a hole and bury the cross , after kissing it . he pat the earth around it . scatter stone . ( continued ) 37 . continued : balian ( as if to he wife 's actual grave ) how could you be in hell if you be in my heart ? he put himself together . balian ( cont 'd ) Goodbye . head down the hill . ext . a STREET in jerusalem . moment later imad be asleep , the rein of the horse wrap around he arm . balian crouch , and wake imad . imad do you find what you want ? balian take the better horse and be about you business . imad it be you prize of war . I be the servant of the man you kill . I be you prisoner . you slave , should you wish . balian I have be a slave , or very near to one . I will never keep one nor suffer any to be keep . go. imad look at balian with admiration . not overcooked : he accept it . imad ( mount ) you kill a very great cavalier among the Moslems . his name be mummad al fais . balian ( seriously ) I will pray for he . imad you quality will be know among you enemy before ever you meet they . ( continued ) 38 . continued : imad raise a palm ride out . balian look around at the Holy City . nearby : a baker 's stall . balian be hungry , but feel at he belt , realize that he give he purse away . he move on through the city . ext . a square in jerusalem . morning two men in the same livery balian wear , lean against a wall outside a wine - shop , check out the town , and then ... something else . there Pov : balian , wear tatter ibelin livery , godfrey 's unmistakable sword strapped to he back , move through the crowded square . moment later balian pay a penny to drink at a dirty , crowded , pilgrim 's fountain , from a iron cup on a chain . one of godfrey 's men speak to the other , who depart . ext . the square in jerusalem . later balian be sit on the ground , eat date hungrily from a wrap of cloth . a shadow fall across he . he look up to see : six of godfrey 's men . sergeant . all in livery . balian draw he sword . alamaric come forward . godfrey 's number one , top -sergeant of forty - odd , a man with some education . almaric since you wear godfrey 's livery , you must know he . balian yes . almaric a man my size . balian no. taller . almaric indeed . and with green eye , notoriously . ( continued ) 39 . continued : balian ( think , remember ) Blue . godfrey 's men go onto they knee , and in turn take balian 's hand , kissing it . almaric take the sword . almaric come with we . my lord . ext./ int . godfrey 's house in jerusalem establish godfrey 's grate door . almaric 's first pound on it . balian move like a sleepwalker into the courtyard . one could no imagine anything greener or more beautiful falling water . fruit tree . bird . we see ( as he see ) that godfrey 's house ( to one side of the courtyard ) be a bit like a firehouse : stable below ( with a separate wall yard ) . the sergeant ( now stare out of window ) sleep above . women of the house come forward , veile , and gently guide balian where he need to go . int . a little room in the house . moment later in a dreamlike sequence balian , stand naked in a copper bowl , be bath with sea-sponges by the girl . int . godfrey 's bedroom . afternoon balian be sleep on silk , in a breeze , in the shadow of window - lattice . he wake , feel the fabric . he see : a bowl of rosewater . he drink it uncertainly , and then try to eat the petal . servant-girls flee , giggle . int . balian 's house . morning balian , wear a silk tunic , explore the room , nodd at the people who stare at he , and bow . bow at in the kitchen , he nervously escape into the stable . almaric ( eat , to alarmed sergeant ) he may be mad . ext . the stable courtyard . day a clumsy use of a hoof-pick . a horse scream . OPEN up on : a beautiful warhorse be shy from both a young sergeant and a arab blacksmith . ( continued ) 40 . continued : balian come in and grab the horse by the halter . with great gentle force . forearm brace along the head . the horse settles down . balian you have hurt he . the young sergeant and the arab blacksmith back away . balian slowly get loop of line around the frighten horse 's neck and back leg , stable - boy help . ext . gallery above the stable courtyard . later almaric be stare dubiously out into the yard . almaric will you look at that . the hospitaler come forward out of the gloom , and look down , smile , through lattice . now in Jerusalem the hospitaler be not in he stain travel kit , but resplendent , look more the priest , though in armor . the hospitaler look like god. ext . the stable courtyard . continuous balian with gentleness and intensity be shoe the horse . he be shirtless and cover with sweat . frightened arab stablehand stare at he , hand he what he need . balian set down the hoof just do , and ( as hoofbeat sound ) look around as a surf of dog , whippet , flood into the courtyard . the horse , eye roll white , nearly break its back against the restraint . balian , kick at the snarling dog , charge out into the courtyard , hammer in he hand . balian who be the fool with this dog ? he hurl the hammer aside in anger ( it spark off the brick ) . stop and stare , stunne at : a beautiful woman sit side saddle on a palfrey . she wear riding silk , and a turban . the sun behind she . sibylla . she be as startle as balian . balian stare at she open-mouthed . sibylla the fool with the dog be the princess of Jerusalem . balian perhaps resentfully , bow , serf - low , the only thing he know how to do in the circumstance . ( continued ) 41 . continued : sibylla ride around he . horse 's hoof , circle he . he watch the horse 's hoof out of the former of he eye . the dog still foam around . sibylla ( cont 'd ) will you give I a cup of water ? balian go to the bucket . he take out the ladle . shake it . it do not look to clean . but he fill it anyway and walk the quivering water to the still - mount sibylla . she take the water , eye lock on balian 's , and drink . she finish and hand he the ladle . sibylla ( cont 'd ) it be a hot day . balian yes . sibylla I thank you for the drink . balian yes . he can not quite figure out why he have be give she handkerchief with the ladle . he try to return it and be ignore . sibylla if in the course of you work you should see balian , the son of godfrey , who be now come from France ... tell he that sibylla call ... that I bless he father 's name ... and that I wept at the news . sibylla turn horse and gallop out , she dog tumble after she . balian go to the gate and in deep confusion stare after the splendid figure carome down the street , scatter merchant like pigeon . amalric have come down from the gallery and be look with concern at the potential madman . the hospitaler be smile . balian nod at he : whoa . hospitaler I imagine you will become better at deal with the nobility . bow no more to equal , my lord . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) balian ( gently to agitate stableboys ) when I be work a horse keep the gate shut . thank you . balian turn and see the hospitaler . the hospitaler embrace he . int . balian 's house , bedroom . day the hospitaler be eat yogurt , beautiful fruit . balian be be dress behind a screen . hospitaler how find you Jerusalem ? balian God do not speak to I . not even on the hill where Christ die . I be outside God 's grace . hospitaler I have not hear that . balian at any rate , I have lose my religion . balian emerge from behind the screen . he be in armor : the Baron of ibelin : a knight . hospitaler ( softly , see godfrey in he ) no matter . ( as balian 's sword be belt on ) I put no stock in '' religion '' . balian be surprised . this man have holy order . hospitaler ( cont ’d ) by the word '' religion '' I have see the lunacy of fanatics of every denomination be call the will of God . I have see too much religion in the eye of too many murderer . holiness be in right action , and courage in behalf of that who cannot defend themselves . goodness , what God desire , be here ... ( continued ) 43 . continued : with two finger he touch balian 's forehead , and then he hear . hospitaler ( cont ’d ) and here . by what you decide to do every day you will be a good man or not . come. ( a beat ) do you know that you be famous ? ext . a STREET in jerusalem . later balian and the hospitaler ride through the town . balian be in he armor . people bow . we hear whisper . people ( originally from all nation , from Viking land to the horn of Africa ) stare at balian . some people follow he through the street . boy tumble after . balian be alarmed at the attention from the street , the boy now run beside he horse . balian look unnerve and not very happy about this . he see : two templars , bearded Christian fanatics , they hand tie behind they , rope around they neck . hospitaler ( explain ) the King have make a peace with saladin this six year . he hold Jerusalem as a place for prayer for all faith , as the saracen do before we come . this man kill Arabs . spectator templars ( keep back by pikemen wear the King 's livery ) roar objection ; but still the signal be give . the man be hoist ; hang . balian so they be die for what the Pope and every priest in Europe would command they to do . hospitaler ( simply ) yes . but not Christ , I think . nor this king . int . outside tiberias 's room at the palace . day voice raise in Arabic and English . balian , aware of but helplessly disinterested in the argument , off , stand inspect a scale model of the city and wall of Jerusalem . he frown at some problem ... move a section of the wall . he move it back ... but not happily . ( continued ) 44 , continued : balian ( simply ) that should be there . he look as if he 's go to go see someone about it . the hospitaler watch . balian ( cont 'd ) ( with great force and simplicity ) that 's wrong . balian now crouch to look at a scale model of a siege engine . a secretary stare at he . balian back off . reynald ( os ) ( shouting ) who say I raid ? move inside the room . tiberias , a plain ferocious knight and noble of fifty - odd , lean over he table . tiberias ( os ) ( shouting ) this witness , all Jerusalem , holy God , and I . reynald of chatillon , a magnificent old brigand with a handlebar moustache , be on the carpet . he look at a muslim grandee . reynald this witness , if you call he that , be a saracen . he lie . tiberias there will come a day , reynald of Chatillon , when you be not protect by you title . reynald oh ? when will that be ? ( royally amused ) alert I , Tiberias , when man be equal , and the Kingdom of Heaven have arrive . tiberias ( point down into the square ) ( more ) ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 2 ) tiberias ( cont 'd ) that templars have be hang for a raid I be sure you command . reynald prove it , Tiberias . I will wait at kerak till you do . tiberias the king will take you castle of kerak , reynald . reynald I hold kerak through France and my wife . not this king . try to take it , Tiberias . I will be there . tiberias stare with frustration . reynald exit . the muslim grandee start shouting in Arabic . tiberias ( to business ) I can not protect you caravan unless you agree to be escort by we soldier . muslim grandee I trade to make money . not to offend God by associate with Christians . tiberias hold out gold . tiberias but you will take Christian gold , of course . the grandee , of course , do , instantly . tiberias ( cont 'd ) you be a ignorant and difficult bastard . muslim grandee ( smugly ) who be ignorant who know God ? tiberias exhaustedly wave the man out . the muslim grandee go , starchily . tiberias , face in hand , sit at he work table . hospitaler ( os ) my lord . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 3 ) tiberias look up and see : balian . tiberias get up and walk nearer the table with the model . he hold out both hand and balian , after a moment of uncertainty , take they . tiberias it be true . ( remark resemblance ) you be you father 's son . he be my friend . I be yours . ( a beat ) godfrey dead ... it could have come at a better time . hospitaler he have be examine you model . tiberias a engineer ? balian nod , peer at the model , almost unable to help himself , and Tiberias notice . tiberias ( cont 'd ) it be shout in the street this morning that you kill a great lord of Syria . balian I be fortunate . tiberias saladin himself have write to say you fight be no breach of the peace . that you have a cause . ( a beat ) what know you of saladin ? balian that he be the King of the saracen , and surround this kingdom . tiberias indeed he do . he have two hundred thousand man at Damascus alone . he might win a war if he go to war and he be daily give cause for war by the templars , by fanatics newly from Europe , and by bastard like reynald . here from this room I keep the peace , so far as it may be keep . I begin sometimes to wonder if it 's worth the trouble . ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 4 ) tiberias ( cont 'd ) but saladin and the king between they would make ... ( exhaustedly ) --.a '' better world '' . ( a beat , smile ) what do you father tell you of you obligation ? balian that I be to be a good knight . tiberias at first smile . then look balian closely in the eye . tiberias I pray the world and Jerusalem can accommodate such a rarity as a perfect knight . ( a beat ) have you dine ? int . the great hall of the palace . night in a great hall under a long second - story gallery a dine table . tiberias , careworn , be eat slowly . balian be nervous , pick at food . he look up as two figure come into the room : guy and sibylla . sibylla hold guy 's arm . balian look down at he plate . guy seat he wife ; and then sit across from balian and stare at he . drunk , and pour wine from a jug . guy you sit at my table ? balian and guy stare at each other . balian it be the king 's table . so I be tell . guy it be . I have not see a king at it for some year . ( stare at balian , drink wine ) well . however far you rise we shall always remember the dock . eh ? ( rise ) I will not eat . I be finicky about company . in France ( more ) ( continued ) 48 . continued : guy ( cont 'd ) ( point at balian ) this could not inherit . but here there be no civilized rule . he rise to leave . guy and tiberias stare at each other , a inch from draw dagger . sibylla sit she face unchange . balian steal a look at sibylla , who catch he at it : anda world be say though she face do not change . guy ( cont 'd ) I have business in the East . my wife do not lament at my absence . that be either the best of wife ( kiss the top of sibylla 's head ) or the very , very , worst . ( go ) tiberias do you go to meet reynald ? guy turn at the door . guy ( openly lie , and mock Tiberias ) no , my lord . he be in disfavor . I be a member of this court . why should I make league with that ... trouble-maker . he upend he cup . wine like blood on the stone . then he drop the cup and leave . no one can think of anything to say . sibylla turn hostess and as if this have not happen : sibylla ( to balian ) we will ride together . and you will tell I about France and what be and be not the fashion there now . balian look , to say the least , unequal to the job . sibylla ( cont 'd ) ( drily ) be you marry ? balian my wife be dead . ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 2 ) sibylla ( dry ) you must be find another . balian when I be ready I imagine I will find she myself . she smile at he abruptness . but have reason ( guy ) to look careworn . she look seriously at balian , who be now eat . tiberias ( murmure ) the king . all stand quietly . the king move along through the shadow , attend . a white , mask , figure on the gallery above . tiberias ( cont 'd ) ( brokenly , careworn , and now to himself ) the king . all stand . the king disappear from the gallery . a equerry come forward and whisper in tiberias 's ear . tiberias ( cont 'd ) the King would see godfrey 's son . sibylla ( smile ) I will take he . ext . a courtyard . twilight falling water . the palace be full of shadow , whisper , a desert elsinore . balian , walk with sibylla , look around warily . the dinner continue beyond a archway ( tiberias talk business ) . balian I speak without know who you be . sibylla ( run she finger over the plant ) would know who I be make any difference to the fact that I be wrong ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : balian no . sibylla I be wrong . I be sorry . sibylla walk lightly along . sibylla ( cont 'd ) I know who you be . it 's unmistakable . I love you father . I shall love you . balian trip on a stone . sibylla smile . sibylla ( cont 'd ) do you fear be with I ? balian yes . sibylla look pleased . it be as it should be . she walk around the fountain . sibylla a woman in my place have two face . one for the world , and one which she wear in privacy . balian I have never have more than one face . sibylla that will change with you new position . balian I do not think so . sibylla , jolted , look back at he with great interest . sibylla then with you , I will be only sibylla . a slight sound . a servant suss out the fairly dangerous sexual situation and disappear behind a pillar . sibylla ( cont 'd ) Tiberias think I unpredictable . I be unpredictable . ( more ) ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) sibylla ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) come . she take balian 's hand . not grandly . like a girl . int . a corridor in the palace . moment later balian and sibylla have come to the king 's door , which be guard . balian you do not come in ? sibylla no. ( with genuine respect ) I cannot . she let go of he hand and go off down the corridor . at the end she open a door : a fall of light . she go through the door , leave the door open . balian stare at the open door ; then look at the door to the king 's chamber . the door be swing open . int . the king 's apartment . night balian enter the room . it be light by oil - lamp . silk and tapestry but it be still a work room -- papers and scroll - - book . a great map . the king sit in a chair before the window , he back to balian . before he , Jerusalem and the desert star . the king ( easily , but lonely ) I warn you before I turn : I wear a mask . balian stand stare in lamplight . we see as he see ; one of the king 's swaddle hand . the king ( cont 'd ) do not kneel . I love you father . I be glad to know he son . he turn . what he wear be the most beautiful mas imaginable ( possibly represent the face that once be ) , hammer silver , catch light . the king ( cont 'd ) the man you kill in the desert , though a saracen , be my father 's friend . he teach I to hawk when I be a boy . ( more ) ( continued ) 52 . continued : the king ( cont 'd ) he teach I to shoot arrow from horseback as the saracen do . he be there when my arm be pinch and it be he , not my father 's physician , who notice that I feel no pain . he wept when he give my father the news . ( he eye expressive in the mask ) I be a leper . this disease , the saracen say , be God 's vengeance against the vanity of we kingdom . as wretch as I be here , the Arabs say after they book , the chastisement that await I in hell be more severe and last . ( a wry beat ) if it be true , I call it unfair . balian may know that this man want a friend : but he 's unable to act expect as if he be with a king -- whose eye die a little when he see that balian avert he own eye the King be condemn to be lonely . condemn also to be a king . the king ( cont 'd ) wine . the servant pour two cup . very careful about which cup be which . balian take he own . the king drink with swaddle hand . he sit at a table with a chess - set . the king ( cont 'd ) do you play ? balian shake he head . a cruse chesspiece : a pawn . it be a triangle of ivory . it be touch by a artfully , even beautifully , bandage hand . balian look at the board . dimension after dimension of room for error . the king ( os ) ( cont 'd ) it be the world . we see the young king 's mask face . the king ( cont 'd ) each move can be the death of you . ( on the crude pawn ) do anything except remain in you start place and you can not be sure of you end . be you sure once of you end ? ( continued ) continued : 53 . ( 2 ) balian I be . the king what be it ? balian to be bury a hundred yard from where I be bear . the king and now ? balian ( cont 'd ) now I be in Jerusalem and look upon a king . the king ( cont 'd ) a King may move a man ... a father may claim a son ... a man may move himself ... and then the man begin he own game . remember howsoever you be play , or by whom , that you soul be in you keep . even though that who presume to play you be king . remember . ( the mask , in firelight , raise ) when you answer to God you can not say '' I be tell it be thus '' , or that virtue '' be not the fashion of my time '' . remember . balian stare at a pawn . flicker light . he look up . balian I will . balian stare at the king . the king slide a paper towards balian , with a draw on it ( basically it be pretty much along the idea that balian be think ) - i.e it have the shape of a cross . balian ( cont 'd ) it be a fortification . the king ( nod ) I have draw it . what do you think of it ? ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) balian I have think , many time , that a castle should be in the shape of a cross . ( a stick of charcoal on the table . ) May I ? the king nod , smile . the king improve it . balian a cross ... or a star . like this . ( draw a '' star fort '' ) that way , not part of a fortress may be approach without be expose to fire from another part . 54 . the king smile , and furl the paper . he have make the test . the king you will go to you house of ibelin , and protect the pilgrim road . protect in particular the Jews and the Muslims . ( defiant : the mask come up ) all be welcome in Jerusalem . not because it be expedient , but because it be right . ( a beat : drink off he cup ) protect the helpless . balian take it seriously . the king ( cont 'd ) and when one day I be helpless ... perhaps you will protect I . ( a beat ) you may go . balian look up the glitter mask . balian nod , go out . the king return to he lonely chair by the window . ext . the corridor . night balian come out of the king 's apartment , and look down the hall . ( continued ) 55 . continued : sibylla 's door still stand open , light fall into the hall . balian might well have walk towards the door , but a boy ( sibylla 's son ) be stand in the hall , stare at balian expressionlessly . balian raise he hand . the boy back away and disappear into he room . a lead equestrian knight on the floor . balian pick it up , weigh it in he hand . the boy peep around the corner again . balian smile experimentally . the boy disappear . balian fix the soldier , bend a bent bit back into place , and place the lead knight on the edge of a balustrade . he go . ext . a barracks courtyard in the palace . morning close on tiberias . tiberias the king have charge you with you task . you keep the peace . ( glaring at the men-- of ibelin , and other house ) to break the peace , to rob saracen , Jew or Christian , be death on the instant . do you understand . balian nod . his man nod , perhaps more reluctantly . almaric ibelin . young sergeant that shithole . almaric ssh . tiberias come up to balian , and privately . tiberias be go to ibelin . not least before the princess sibylla do take you ...” riding '' . tiberias smile , and hand balian some roll parchment bound with ribbon . tiberias ( cont 'd ) this be my plan of the city defense . ( balian hesitates respectfully ) ( more ) ( continued ) 56 . continued : tiberias ( cont 'd ) better they if you can . I defend Jerusalem , not my reputation . balian nod respectfully . tiberias smile . ext . the pilgrim road . various jews by a campfire stand and bow as balian , cloak , ride past with forty of he mount man , also cloak . they be very much policeman on patrol . face of the pilgrim : the young , the old . they ride on , past more christian pilgrims trudging towards the city -- the mad , the penitent , the merely curious , the barely alive . a naked man crawl ... drag himself along , mumble . balian look at he and spur on . ext . a camp by the pilgrim road . twilight cold man by a fire ( still unsure of balian ) . a sergeant hold out a plate of boil wheat . balian take it and eat with he finger . he be aware of the silence and discomfort and plain curiosity of he man . some be peer at he . balian put down he plate , and stand . balian I be not my father . his man , who have be think just this , look at each other . balian ( cont 'd ) but I will do my best . balian walk off alone . he see : a procession of child , sing , on they way to Jerusalem . ext . above ibelin . day they ride into show , reining in . almaric there , my lord . balian ride a little forward . almaric ( cont 'd ) ibelin . balian 's Pov : ibelin . a faintly green valley floor , a oasis , a fort that would best be call a '' casbah '' . a village around it . 57 . ext . ibelin . day establish ibelin as balian and he party ride in . women with bucket hang on pole be carry water towards the dry melon field . the population consist of Jews , saracen , and arab Christians . the place be desperately poor . almaric ( embarrassed ) you father be important . his land be not . but to balian it might as well be paradise . balian I have no importance . it will suit I just fine . enter the walled casbah area , balian and he party dismount . people stand and stare , keep they distance . a arab go on he knee before balian and balian courteously help he up . the arab be stunne . balian walk on , remove he glove , beat the dust out of he surcoat . at the step of the house he stop : a old houseman in a skullcap be stare at he , open mouth toothless . balian climb the stair . the two man look at each other . the old houseman search balian 's face . balian ( cont 'd ) yes ? he pluck at the ensign on he breast . the old houseman smile , and kiss both of balian 's cheek . the people be murmure , respectfully . balian , from the step of he house , take it all in . horse be water . int . the house . twilight the old houseman pad ahead through the dark , sunsplintered room . some ruinous furniture , cushion . almaric watch balian warily ( still not know this guy ) as balian take in he house . the old houseman run up with a slopping cup of wine . balian take it , sip , and keep walk . he come to the back of the house , where arched opening give onto the oasis , a green and saline - look pool under blow palm . ( continued ) 58 . continued : twilight be come on . balian hear , of all thing , chicken . along a ell of the house there be chicken coops . a arab girl , collect egg . she turn , sense that she be be stare at . she be veile across . she continue to take egg from beneath the hen . balian , catch in a memory , dissolves in it . we know as he catch he breath that he be alive again , he could have a life here . almaric my lord , this be a poor and dusty place . balian be it . ext . ibelin . morning balian and almaric , chase by a horde of child and some more restrain adult , be walk though the farm area . poor cultivation , dust blow from crack dike . almaric we have get Jews ... different type of Jews , I think ... fatmid Muslims , and the other ... balian , move along , jump up on a dike , and continue , child chase along . almaric ( cont 'd ) Easter Christians and Roman ... balian stop , windblown , and smile . balian but mainly , we have no water . ext . near the pool . day slightly up from the pool , we see that the pool be feed by a marshy trickle . balian crouch , look at the lie of the land . ext . near the pool . later peasant be digging , already five or six foot down in the dampish ground . balian be with they in the middle of the pit , use a heavy iron pole to slam deep into the earth ... both '' sounding '' and loosen . peasant be take the damp earth and immediately form brick with it . 59 . ext . near the pool . later the well be deeper . now the wall be shore up with timber . balian slam and slam with he iron bar . the man be ankle deep in seepage , the shovele earth go up in leather bucket on rope . suddenly , as balian lean exhaust ... the water level rise evenly . the digger look at each other . balian ( exhaust ) right . Stone the well . as he come up from the well , the people ( Jews , Christians , saracen ) be exultant -- and so be balian , at first shy , and then smile hugely . ext . ibelin . day ( various ) montage . irrigation ditch be dig while balian supervise and pitch in . clay trough and pipe be manufacture , mold , and then set in a great kiln . women work leather into what may be bucket . balian move through it all . he crouch with skll - cap arab carpenter . he draw in the dirt with a stick while the man nod . almaric they be make lord different in France from when I be there . ext . ibelin . twilight torch be light on the rough battlement . balian stare out at the desert , satisfied , in he home . on the road , a solitary pilgrim proceed to Jerusalem on he knee . ext . ibelin . day a commotion among the people . they run towards the center of some activity . what they see there be wonderful . carpenter , men -at - arm , various helper , and balian , use brute strength , as well as a rope pass through pulley on a palm , be set upright ... a giant waterwheel . balian brace it , brace it . almaric , tell they to brace it ! ( continued ) 60 . continued : almaric do . balian make sure the wheel be secure . he back away from the work and see that ... a arab be stare pen mouth at something os . more peasant stare , and then go to they knee . balian turn and see : whippet . they course around in a pack . he look up and see : sibylla , mount . she be veile and with a guard of turcopole lancer . sibylla ride forward through whirling dust and light . she wear a sort of burnoose all she face but she eye cover with silk . balian walk towards she , through wind , and , without regard to he filthiness , bow . not particularly courtly . sibylla remove she veil , stare at he . sibylla I be on my way to cana . that be where Jesus change water to wine . a better trick would to be to change you to a nobleman . balian in France I use to think that with a few yard of silk I could make a aristocrat of any man , so long as he be useless . sibylla laugh delightedly . balian smile . servant rush she considerable , fantastical baggage - train forward through the casbah gate . sibylla it seem that I ask you hospitality . balian ( hold she bridle ) it be give . sibylla smile and ride through the gate . ext . a room at ibelin . day servant attend sibylla . they take she cloak , she '' turban '' as she reveal and drop she hair . her '' mask '' of office may not be entirely in place . a servant remove sibylla 's small velvet shoe . a servant brushes she hair as another remove she riding gear . a servant unpack a lead-line box of ... snow , and put it into a silver goblet . sibylla drink . 61 . ext . a pool behind the casbah at ibelin . day sibylla , now in loose arab muslin , come along the gallery , servant with she . she have she silver goblet . sibylla drink , and look at balian . no dialog necessary . she go to the pool , step barefoot into it , and wash . her wrist . balian look around at the desert . sibylla bend forward as a servant pour water over she hair . she move forward through the water , the muslin wet , and hand balian she cup . she wring the end of she muslin wrap , and wash the dust from balian 's face . he catch she wrist , meaning : do not . servant be watch . sibylla ( smile , and continue to wash he face ) this be not adultery , it 's wash . balian look not so much embarrassed , as embarrassed at be embarrassed . sibylla ( cont 'd ) but if it be adultery , which ( she wipe he face ) it be not , the commandment be not for person in we position . they be for other . balian ( gruffly , remember that he ought to think about this ) do they give you something to eat ? sibylla ( a tuck smile as she kick through the pool ) yes . they '' give I something to eat '' . out of shot , with balian stare after she . picked up , she wade into the green , saline , pool , under the palm , hold up she dress . she 's no princess , just a girl kick through the water . she stop and look into the desert . rippling wind . Beyond palm , mirage . sibylla cock she head , wait to hear if balian come up behind she . he have not . she look around and see : balian be go . she smile , and kick on through the water . 62 . int . the house at ibelin . afternoon sibylla watch from the roof terrace as sibylla 's Pov : within a crowd of exultant peasant the waterwheel be lift ( fairly easily now ) on its long axle and be fitte into its frame above the new well . ext . the well . continuous balian work . balian , intense , turn the wheel by raw force , and watch ... bucket come up , full of water . he nod , and let the wheel drop . montage detail of the gear be assemble . int . the fort at ibelin . continuous sibylla , watch balian , lean against the stone , seem to have come to some decision . terrible heat . sibylla I think we be look at the one man in the world who be not like another . the maidservant lay a damp cloth across she eye . maidservant on the contrary , he be common , my lady . you husband guy be a man . sibylla laugh , the cloth over she eye . she look like justice . ext . ibelin . various ( as night fall ) montage the completion of the waterwheel , and its operation . Water gush through pipe into trough into ditch , and the paddy begin to flood , the soil darken . ext . by the paddy . twilight among he dance subject , and grin men-at -arm ( almaric even essay to slap he back ) , balian be lose in think of ... as he look back at he house ... sibylla , who stand on the roof , watch . int . the great room at ibelin . evening balian be draw . sibylla watch he from behind a gauze curtain . ( continued ) 63 . continued : balian dip he pen in ink . draw , blot , draw . sibylla come behind balian and look over he shoulder . balian become aware of she . sibylla you have a guest . balian look at she boldly . balian I be aware . that I have a guest . sibylla lower she eye and change the subject . sibylla be this the ... '' work '' ... you do in France ? what I see today ? balian in my work in France the only thing that be mine be the quality . she look at he drawing . sibylla this be the wall of Jerusalem . you have change the David Gate . balian yes . it ought to be change . it be ... impractical . sibylla eleven hundred and fifty year ago , Jesus Christ ride through it on a donkey . ( raise palm drolly ) in Jerusalem , as it be , it shall be . Jerusalem be not about what be practical . to say ... the least . balian smile . he like this woman . sibylla and balian look at each other . neither be smile now . at the moment of intolerable sexual tension , a bell ring at the end of the room . balian look and see sibylla’s servant ( include the scandalize maidservant ) lay out a meal . he move with sibylla towards the low table . they sit on cushion . a fire burn at the end of the room . sibylla eat , with knife and finger , lick she finger , drink wine . ( no silverware do not mean no manners ) . sibylla look up and see balian stare at she . ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 2 ) sibylla ( cont 'd ) what ? balian it seem year since I have seen a woman eat . sibylla the hospitaler tell I what occur in France . balian look up . sibylla ( cont 'd ) ( tear flat bread ) have he not tell I , I would have have he torture . ( they both laugh , but then seriously : ) you love she . balian yes. ( a beat ) I do . very much . she be melancholy . I love she . quietly , they eat . the drape blow , the candle flare . sibylla I watch you today . you have be give a patch of dust and it almost seem you will build a new Jerusalem here . balian it be my house . what would I be if I do not make it better ? sibylla play with she glass . she look carefully at balian . and then , as if catch stare , look chaotically down . int . a gallery at ibelin . deep twilight sibylla and balian be walk . as balian look at she , there be a muslim call to prayer ... the last of the day . sibylla ( off the prayer ) they try to be one : one heart , one morality . one passion . they try to do without we infinite complication . ( more ) ( continued ) 65 . continued : sibylla ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) they prophet say '' submit '' . Jesus say '' decide '' . on '' decide '' she look directly at balian , and be quite clearly in love with he . sibylla ( cont 'd ) ( to change the subject ) do you pray ? balian I pray that I may be equal to what have be ask of I . to what have be give I . sibylla we all pray that at first . but who stay content when other have more ? balian ( smile ) I be content , with what you would call nothing . I may be content again . here . he look out over the praying ibelin Muslims . all in submission to God , bow in unison . balian ( cont 'd ) they submit ... we must decide . they have it easier . ( gently ) you do not decide on guy . sibylla ( unhappily , firmly ) my first husband be choose by my father . I can not complain , since my son be the result , but that be retrospection . my first husband die before he son be bear . balian I have see you son . sibylla he be not strong . and he will be the king . ( she think sadly about she son , then press on ) guy be choose by my mother . ( more ) ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) sibylla ( cont 'd ) the Kingdom need new blood . my mother take what be available at the time . ( near tear and want to be alone ) I have not decide very much in my day . one learn not to want . they submit to God . I submit to the Kingdom of Jerusalem . good night . balian good night . sibylla go along the gallery . balian watch she go . ext . the field . morning balian dismount and , boot in the furrow dry earth , walk he horse respectfully past the praise muslims . squint against the late sun . a note of paradise . muslims pray , jews and christian work together in the field . ibelin be a microcosm of the king 's jersualem - - the better world . int . the gallery . day sibylla be sit in a archway , knee up , look out at the water . balian come in , dusty . brass chime turn and tinkle in the wind . sibylla I could stay here ... perhaps not forever ... but a little while longer . balian this house be yours . sibylla ( stare into the light ) why be I here ? balian sit down beside she . balian I know that ibelin be not on the way to cana . sibylla smile . her eye luminous . sibylla what else do you know , my lord ? ( continued ) continued : balian I know that you be a princess and that I be no lord . nor do I wish to be . sibylla you be a knight . balian not prove . sibylla look up at balian . sibylla I do not stay on here with you because I be bored , or wick . I be here because ... in the East ... one may decide ... ( a beat ) ...- because in the East between one person and another there be only light . balian raise she face and kiss she . he carry against a pillar . int . the rooftop '' bedroom '' at ibelin . night 67 . she back sibylla , sit in the bed , take one by one the ring from she hennae hand . sibylla this be from France , which I have not see ... I have never be to France ... this for my brother ... this to remind we of death ... this I buy the day I see you ... balian you lie . sibylla laugh , admit it , get up on she knee , put a ring on a chain she have take from around she neck and put it around he neck and kiss he . leave balian stare after she she go to the window , wrap in silk , and take up a break pomegranate from the table . with a silver in she eat the seed . balian go and take the in from she , and set the pomergranate down . sibylla look up at he . sibylla but I be hungry . ( continued ) 68 . continued : he kiss she . balian 's be out of the game for a while . he carry she back to the bed . ext . the desert . dawn camel laden with dyed goods move along , bell tinkling . Three of the merchant 's daughter ride in camel howdah . a muslim trading caravan move across the wide desert . two hundred camel . it have with it a small force of calvary , riding in a file . a hilltop . two rider crest it . guy and reynald sit they horse and stare towards the Muslims . they be at the head of a little over 50 knight , include fanatical templars . destrier restless . ready as the man be to fight . reynald ( near-sighted ) do you see they ? guy ( smoothly ) how could I ? I be not here . ( a beat ) this caravan be armed , reynald . a cry from below as they be spot . the muslim force spread out , arch on horseback , form a line between the crusader and the now hasten caravan . the templar master ride up beside they . bloodthirsty . templar master God will it . reynald draw he sword . a ride detach and streak away across the desert . guy notice . guy a rider get away . reynald ( unconcern ) it 's a broad desert . nothing will of it . nothing ... ( laugh ) or the apocalypse . ( continued ) continued : guy I prefer to not be hang before my wife be queen . reynald do that make you king ? I have never be sure . guy Close enough . reynald ( riding along the ridge ) do not worry . who but reynald ? they will say . it 's always I ! ( belch ) they will believe it at Jerusalem , I assure you . and Damascus . you be at Nazareth , praying . guy ( draw sword ) you be a clever man . reynald on the other hand , how long can the leper last ? not long . if the war be to be now or later I would have it now . guy nod . he 's think that as well . guy now . 69 . the knight charge . reverse it . the camel and people be run . Men grab weapon of every kind . the heavy knight smash through the defender , kill everyone they come near . people try to surrender be kill . we templars kill with particular savagery . leave the the dust , the knight murdering , the camel run , and silver spilling ... it 's over almost at once . guy , with blood , wheel he horse . see the fight in silk cover reynald ride up to : the muslim grandee . the man he pay off at the palace . reynald you . he split he in half . 70 . ext . the rooftop bedroom at ibelin . dawn wind be rise . balian cover sibylla with more blanket . she stare hauntedly , hollowly . she have be cry . stare off . balian why do you cry ? sibylla because I go in the morning . balian stay . sibylla I have a die brother , and a child who will be king . close on balian , considering this enormous fact . sibylla ( cont 'd ) as for we , the world will decide . the world always decide . ext . courtyard at ibelin . day a dust storm rise . wind in the palm . sibylla 's lancer be mount . balian help sibylla into the saddle . they be awkward , observe , infinitely sad . as she bitterly turn she horse , there be a commotion os . people point . balian leave sibylla and move through the crowd to see : balian 's Pov : a muslim in a blood-stain gown be stumbling through the palm , cry for water , for help balian stare as he people rush forward and we go to : int . the throne room . jerusalem . day a assembly of the power of the land . set up like the House of commons , with templars and guy 's party on one side , hospitaler and loyalist on the other . the king wear a mask of silver , look at guy and tiberias , who stand before he . guy maybe reynald do attack a caravan . but what of it ? War be inevitable . peace ... unnatural . ( continued ) continued : 71 . templar master ( like a man speak in tongue ) it be no caravan . it be a army head for bethlehem to desecrate the birthplace of we Lord . tiberias ( exasperate ) reynald , with the templars , I be sure -- templars lie ! lie ! tiberias ..- have break the king 's pledge of peace . saladin will come into this kingdom ... guy Tiberias know more than a Christian should about saladin 's intention . uproar among the baron . tiberias go close to guy . tiberias what do you say ? guy that you love the saracen . a close moment . tiberais very close to guy . tiberias that I would rather live with people than kill they be certainly why you be alive . guy that sort of Christianity have its use . I suppose . tiberias ( to court ) we can not have war with saladin . we will not win it . and , yes , we do not want it . templars blashpemy , blasphemy . ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 2 ) templar master blasphemy . a army of Jesus Christ which bear he holy cross can not be beat . do the Count of Tiberias suggest that it could be ? a uproar among the divide party . templar master ( cont 'd ) there must be war . God will it . templars God will it . God will it . God will it . tiberias ( roaring at the whole court ) then pray Jerusalem that God will win it , for in the end we shall not . the hall fall silent . a messenger have enter . he move forward , and speak to the King . the King raise he mask face . the king saladin have cross the Jordan . with two hundred thousand man . tiberias he will go first for kerak . the king start to rise . the king assemble the Army . hysician you majesty ... if you travel you will die . guy , overhear this , look pleased . the king assemble the Army . ext . the caravan massacre site . twilight Dust be blow through the tangle corpse of man and horse . balian 's men pick through the wreckage . balian be '' solving '' the fight . what horse come from which direction . balian dismount and examine a dead horse . ( continued ) 73 . continued : balian ( examine it ) that 's not a wound . the brand be cut off . almaric reynald do this . his castle of kerak be ten league . Fifteen ... a cry os : a soldier be drive off vulture . soldier the Christian body hide . here . in a natural ditch , hastily cover , stripped european body , half -bury . the sand blow across they . as balian stare down : sibylla ride up behind he and stare equably at the body . what sort of woman be this ? a woman of she time . jackal be lope towards the dead . almaric we must send a rider to the King . unless my lady will take the news to Jerusalem . sibylla no . I be stay with you . balian ( hold she bridle ) I be go to kerak . reynald do this . sibylla not alone , I think . not alone . on SOUND : a bell clanging alarm . ext . the valley of kerak . day a line of refugees be stream towards the castle , through a rubbly village be evacuate in haste . people load mule , camel . some simply run . ext . a hill above the valley of kerak . continuous balian crest the hill , mount , follow by the entire garrison of ibelin ( 50 mount man ) . in the distance down the valley : dust . ( continued ) 74 . continued : almaric the calvary will come up the valley to close reynald in , and the siege army will come behind it . balian look at the refugee straggling across the desert . as he do he see : muslim horse be come up the valley . other party of calvary appear in all direction . he turn to sibylla . sibylla princess be not kill . somewhere it be write down . balian go into the fortress . now . sibylla be a woman of she time : she too have see the cavalry in every direction : nod . she kiss balian , look he in the eye , and then gallop off , she lancer with she . balian ride a little forward , stare . mother with child run through the dust . ext . kerak . day kerak 's bell be continue to peal alarm as sibylla and she turcopole flash up through the gate . reynald Visitors ! reynald , wear a festive gown , and eat a orange , stare indifferently at the desert . his personal Priest and confessor ( a rag , long suffer cleric ) be with he . men at - arm be man the wall . reynald ( cont ’d ) ( grab the priest , to use he as '' binocular '' ) how many ? reynald 's priest I can not see yet . only a dust cloud ... reynald ( hand he goblet to the priest and piss against a buttress ) I serve God . that be what I do . if God tell I to raid Mecca then by God I raid Mecca . ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . continued : reynald ( cont 'd ) that be the way thing be do . and now it 's all this . again . ext . the valley of kerak . continuous muslim horse move from a canter to a gallop . sweep up the valley . ext . the battlement of kerka . continuous we see the first of the refugees make it through the gate . sibylla stand on the rampart , look out . reynald I wish I be fifty again or that you drank liquor . what do you look at ? sibylla Knights . reynald ( squint ) what knight ? ext . the valley nearer the castle . moment later we see the stream refugee , drive cattle , and heavy on the woman and child . into the shot , balian and knight . they turn to face the oncoming Muslim cavalry , that roll wall of dust . they walk forward through the refugee move in the other direction . a rider come up . rider my lord pray you bring you knight into kerak . balian completely ignore he . the rider be mystify . but he twig it : balian be go to delay the Muslim cavalry . balian ( stare towards Muslims ) if we go into the castle , that people will die . almaric we cannot attack that force and live . ( continued ) 76 . continued : balian there must be a lie about how many saracen one of we be worth in battle . almaric the commonest be ten . balian be you with I ? almaric nod and make the sign of the cross . the knight and sergeant cross themselves as well . balian ride slowly forward at the head of he man . ext . the battlement of kerka . later reynald , now be help into he armor , stare towards the south , still squinting and use the priest as he '' binocular '' . reynald they mean to charge that ? they be better man than I . not quite so bright , but better man than I . ( to sibylla ) you know this fellow . why be he do this ? sibylla because he be a knight , reynald . reynald hmmn. ( turn away indifferently ) Selah . ( a Hebrew word from the Psalm , meaning , as he say it , '' so be it '' . ) sibylla , unexpectedly , cross herself , and watch for the outcome . ext . the valley of kerak . day balian advance with he thin line of heavy cavalry , now fully interpose between the Muslims and the refugee . the Muslims be racing , but in contrast to they ( go back to balian ) we should not mistake how very dangerous the heavy knight be . ( continued ) 77 . continued : balian spur he horse up to a canter , and then as he man catch up , and , take the '' high guard '' ( none of the knight now use rein : the destrier know exactly what to do ) gallop towards the Muslim force . the force collide . the knight drive deep all across the front , kill , unhorse , score of muslims , completely destroy the impetus of the Muslim cavalry . destrier smash down arab horse . a knight be lance off he horse . arab , in the hundred , be hack out of the saddle . arrow miss they target . Men roll on the ground in the melee . the ibelin men be grotesquely outnumber but they have stop the Muslim advance -- for the moment . ext . kerak . day refugees stream in . ext . the valley of kerak . continuous the inevitable end be near : there be too many Muslims . ibelin men go down and be run down by horse or kill or seize by dismounted man . balian wheel in the melee , kill . his horse be hamstringed ( we see the hatchet that do it ) , and he go down . immediately he be overwhelm by Arabs , disarm , beat , drag . horse , whirling dust , scream man . balian be drag , force to he knee . he see : almaric , with a head wound , and some other of he man , kneel , all threaten by yell Muslims . balian close he eye , prepare to accept death , and lower he head . ext . the wall of kerak . continuous sibylla turn away from what seem to be the imminent execution of balian . ext . the valley of kerak . continuous fine boot come forward through the dust . a scimitar be draw . balian look up and see : the scimitar raise as if to behead he . he lower he eye and head . the sword impact -- on he shoulder . the flat of it quiver there and be withdraw . balian look up and see : imad . the commander of saladin 's cavalry . in beautiful Damascus armor , smile at he . muslims stare . do they kill this man ? do they not ? imad help balian to he foot . ( continued ) 78 . continued : balian you be not that man 's servant . imad no . a muslim hand balian a waterskin . almaric can not believe this be happen . the muslims draw back , murmure . balian nod , and drink , then , with imad 's nodd permission , take the water to a wounded man . ext . the battlement of kerka . continuous the priest be watch . priest they be let they live . reynald ( indifferent , swig wine ) sometimes they be chivalrous . they learn it from we . ext . the plain before kerak . continuous imad and balian . imad you may go into kerak , but you will die there . my master be here . balian look past imad to higher ground ( to one side of the valley of kerak ) and see ... the arrival of saladin 's army . a enormous line of man , mount and unmounted , in perfect order , each section with its banner . almaric and ours , my lord . imad look in the other direction . Far , far off he see the glint of steel in dust . imad walk apart , stare and get onto hi horse to see better . imad tell my lord saladin that Jerusalem be come . the army of the kingdom of jerusalem . the king ride in he litter alongside the holy cross , cover with gold and jewel , pass through the stream dust . 500 knight be march towards the relief of kerak . ( continued ) 79 . continued : they be flanke by and protect by 5,000 spearmen and crossbowmen . essentially the army be a move square , tremendously discipline . guy be with the army . imad stare through the dust . a man break away from the Muslim line and ride up beside he . a small , slight , figure , unarmored , in simple clothing . he scrutinize balian , he bloody man , then imad . saladin pull back you cavalry . as horn blow and the Muslims retire , leave balian and he wounded , wind , man in the valley with a perfect view of event ... the army of jerusalem do a " evolution " and in one movement it be transformed into a fight line , face the Muslim Army , about a quarter mile away . out of the dust ride ... in balian 's Pov : the king . the king , a brilliant horseman , be use every ounce of strength he still possess to not only stay in the saddle but look as if he be still a live man , when in fact he be , essentially , already a dead one . he ride in front of he army , and raise he palm as he arrive before saladin . saladin ride forward himself , so that they be very close . the king I pray you retire unharme to Damascus . saladin move forward , look closely at the die king . he know how much effort this have cost the man . the king ( cont 'd ) reynald of Chatillon will be punish . I swear it . withdraw , or we all die here . saladin look at the Army of Jerusalem . then at the king . saladin I will send you my physician . the king lower he head but only for a moment . the king do we have term ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) saladin we have term . the mask king ride back to he army . ext . kerak . later the arab force part . balian and he survive man , release to cheer from the battlement , ride out towards the gate of the castle , which be open . int . the courtyard at kerak . moment later balian and he man stagger in , acclaimed by the peasant they have save . through the crowd come reynald . reynald you would have give I more mouth the feed and more shit to throw over the wall . you have a great deal to learn about siege . reynald clap he on the arm . reynald ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) but that be magnificent . balian , look up , see sibylla . she stand in a archway . smiling down . balian start for sibylla . at that moment ... the king and he party , include tiberias and guy , gallop through the gate of kerak . unable to go to sibylla through the crowd , balian pull she ring on its chain from the throat of he armor , and kiss it . sibylla nod . reynald know he 's in for it . he drink the last of the wine . the king get painfully from the saddle . the ride have kill he : have take near the last of he strength . the King , walk to reynald , drag one leg , remove he turban . he drop it on the ground . he walk towards reynald , and take off he mask . we do not see the King 's destroy face . but reynald do . the king I be Jerusalem . ( walk forward , unwrap one of he hand ) ( more ) ( continued ) 81 . continued : the king ( cont 'd ) will you give I the kiss of peace , reynald ? the King hold out a ruin hand , with a ring on what remain of a finger . reynald kiss the hand . the King beat he with a stick . again , again , again , as guy watch -- terrify that reynald might squeal . guy look up and see : sibylla . he follow she eyeline to : balian . and he know . he unty a glove with he tooth . physician grab the king , who almost faint . the king be help to he litter . the king reach out a hand to sibylla ... who recoil from he the king , a tear fall , close he eye . reynald ( to tiberias ) what be you look at ? tiberias a dead man . reynald of Chatillon , you be arrest and condemn . the king be laid into he litter . a draught of medicine be pour into the mouthhole of the mask . the king gesture to balian . the king ( gently , almost dreamy ) if you continue as you be I shall make you marshal of Jerusalem . what do you think of that ? before balian can respond , the king 's litter be carry off . tiberias be beside balian . tiberias when a man say something on the edge of sleep one may discard it . when a king say it , it will happen . Mark you . balian and tiberias lock eye . ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) tiberias ( cont 'd ) do not return to ibelin . I need you in Jerusalem . sibylla cannot join balian in public ; but she look at he . guy observe this . sibylla , notice she husband , look at guy expressionlessly , and retire into a archway and disappear . a knight ( still mount , move through the crowd ) godfrey 's son charge ten thousand with a hundred man . guy do he ... balian be mobbed ... by guy 's men as much as anybody . tiberias watch shrewdly as the shy balian 's popularity with the troops become more than obvious . int . saladin 's tent on the road to damascus . night saladin saturnine , watchful , delicate with he food , be dining with imad and a still - astonished mullah . mullah the battle must come . you have promise to drive the Christians into the sea . you have not do so . saladin make no response . he sip tea , stare into flame . mullah ( cont 'd ) why do we retire ? God could not favor he ! God alone determine the result of battle . saladin the result of battle be determine by God . but also by preparation , number , the absence of disease , and the availability of water . ( kindly ) one cannot maintain a siege with the enemy behind . the mullah stare : heresy . ( continued ) 83 . continued : saladin ( cont 'd ) how many battle do God win for the Muslims before I come ? ( a courtly pause ) before , that be , God determine that I should come . mullah few enough . ( think about the reason ) that be because we be sinful . saladin it be because you be unprepare . mullah if you think tha way you shall not be king for long . saladin ( drily ) when I be not king I quake for Islam . ( he take the Mullah 's hand ) thank you for you visit . mullah ( not leave ) you promise to return Jerusalem . saladin nod . the mullah go . saladin stare into flame . saladin ( softly ) if I do not deliver war , I have no peace . imad the king of Jerusalem will die soon . when he be dead , the boy will be king , and have no control of the kingdom . the Christians will make the war you need . saladin nod , frustrated , condemn . neither man be happy with the realpolitik . os the sound of the camp , and prayer . ext . jerusalem . twilight the dome city be under a dust -storm . heavy wind . we hear wind - tear churchbell and together with they the Muslims call to prayer . ext . a garden . continuous the boy king be riding around a garden on he sibylla watch , careworn , with love . bell . ext . a wall and gate of jerusalem . continuous wind be blow dust in the face of spitting 84 . pony , laugh . workmen who be lever a great stone up a ramp . balian and almaric walk , cloak , supervise the work . two cloak men go past , salaam to the embarrassed balian . a burkahe woman give he a orange from she basket : a memory of godfrey . he smile . climb up the wall . great pipe ( for Greek Fire ) be be sway up . balian watch , supervise . almaric my lord ? balian ( still uncomfortable with the '' my lord '' business ) yes . almaric it be enough that you ask men- at - arm to push stone , and dig . it be worse to ask they to do it all day and night . balian we have a die king . we need strong wall . as for work , I want every man at arm to learn a trde . almaric a trade ? balian a trade . shoemaker . tanner . carpenter . joiner . Baker . blacksmith . this strike almaric as unreasonable . almaric it be beneath they condition . balian the first man to bring I a respectable pair of shoe I will make a knight . smile . toss almaric the orange . ( continued ) 85 . continued : almaric ( rationalize ) Jesus be a tradesman , of course . nothing could be more noble . balian turn and see : guy at the head of he troops . a great line of knight and men at arm be parade through the gate , guy very much at they head , come in from a brief patrol . it be also a show of force in the city . fascistic , powerful . a image of guy 's power in the Kingdom . balian , windblown on the wall with he own dusty , hard - work man at arm , and stare down , lock eye with guy , as the knight stream past . int . hallway in the castle . later guy watch over a cup of wine as physician go into the King 's room . int . the palace dungeon . continuous reynald be like a snarling lion in the dungeon . reynald ( echoing ) I be reynald of Chatillon . I be reynald of Chatillon ! int . the king 's chamber . continuous a pillar candle be burn . the king , breathe laboriously , be wash by he silent physician . incense smoke in censer hang all around the room . patriarch the thing we have leave undone plague we as death come . that be why to the die there be no comfort but the Lord . the mask turn to the side and the king haunt eye glitter at : the chessboard . the king we must announce the boy as my successor . go to Tiberias and tell he to come . the patriarch nod . the king ( cont 'd ) leave I . 86 . ext . hallway in the castle . continuous the patriarch , come out , nod at guy . guy sip wine , and move along the hall . he go to the door of sibylla 's room . he hesitates , and then kick in the door . int . sibylla 's room . continuous the maidservant stand in shock . she retreat a little . guy where be my wife ? the maidservant retreat . guy smile , and go after she . guy ( cont 'd ) you sometimes dream you be my wife . Le we pretend you be my wife . the maidservant simper , ready for it . he rummages on a table and put a little tiara crookedly on the poor girl 's head . int . balian 's house , bedroom . night a candle light from a splinter of wood reveal : sibylla . she be bare - shoulder , she hair down , but careworn . sibylla we can not meet in the city . balian then we will leave it . sibylla look at he over she shoulder . sibylla balian ... my brother be die . my son will be King and I he regent . I must rule for my son . not just in Jerusalem , but acre , ascalon , Beirut ... close on balian as the candle gutter . he be afraid of what he 's open up . balian and guy ? close on sibylla , think . 87. int . sibylla 's room . later torchbearer come in , guard , and then sibylla , cloak . she see first ... she boy play with lead soldier ... and then , with a shock , guy sit in a chair . a bit wear out . holding the handle of a dagger . sibylla this room be not yours . guy one day I will be the husband I be ... commission to be . sibylla and perhaps not . guy know that she refer to bailian . he smile thinly , eye down . guy you lover have a hundred knight and the love of the king . I , the large force in the Kingdom ... the support of the templars ... and I can do without ... the other . but you love ... sibylla knock away he hand . her guard be stand there . guy ( cont 'd ) soon , we will come to a understanding . you need my knight . or you son 's rule will be bloody and brief . he leave the torchlight and the room . sibylla take of she cloak , face white . omitted int . the dungeon . later reynald , hair tangle , in soile linen , be eat porridge with he finger . he stop to yell he name . the door open : guy . still dusty from riding . guy in the desert , I have a think . ( continued ) 88 . continued : reynald that be what the desert be for . do you come to kill I for give you name ? because I have not . and will not . guy be as much at peace as you can in here . you will not be here long . reynald and you ? do you think that the king really want you at the head of the army when he be go ? do you ? guy lean against the wall , think . reynald ( cont ’d ) do you think you wife do ? guy I have a problem . reynald I see he at kerak . celebrate . guy precisely . reynald you must beware of a popular man . as do , I think , the templars . guy precisely . int . the king 's chamber . later balian look down at the die king . the king it be time to conclude my affair . ( a beat ) you be the marshal of Jerusalem . ( balian look up ) and you be a peer of this kingdom . do you know what that mean ? balian shake he head '' no '' . tiberias watch gravely . the king ( cont 'd ) no one can rule a kingdom who can not lead troops in battle . Tiberias will not live forever . ( continued ) 89 . continued : the king sit up , stand , and under he own power go to he chair . the king ( cont 'd ) I cannot die with there be a chance of guy take power through my sister . he will make war against the Muslims , who be only too ready to take this Kingdom . will you protect my nephew when he be king ? balian yes . the king would you marry sibylla be she free ? balian stare at the floor for a long time . he have be offer he desire . he finally look up . balian and guy ? tiberias he will be execute on the instant you say yes . with all of he knight who do not swear to you . balian must now give away the woman he love . balian I can not be the cause of that . tiberias you be not in you forge anymore , boy . do it . the king raise he hand for silence . tiberias , exasperate , leave the room . the king watch balian . balian a king may move a man , you say . but the soul , you say , be the man' . the king ( we can see it through the mouth-hole ) smile . the king ~.. yes . balian you have my love . and my answer . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 2 ) balian take the wrap hand and bow . int . the hall outside the king 's room . moment later tiberias lean against the wall . balian come out os . all on Tiberias as he realize : balian possibly be not go to do it . tiberias ( come closer ) balian he have make I marshal of Jerusalem . I will protect the kingdom , and the new king . to the rest , I have say no . tiberias I understand . I do . but if you do not marry sibylla -- balian I will not kill a man in cold blood or for profit . tiberias ( interrupt , plead ) who be he that you save he life ? he 's a man who hate you , who have insulted you ... I play Devil ... but for the salvation of this kingdom . compromise yourself . ( balian be back away from he ) Jerusalem do not need '' a perfect knight '' . this be the world . balian no ... it be he kingdom , and it be my life . and both be kingdom of conscience , or nothing . balian move on . he see : guy . guy ( who have not hear the previous ) stare at he hollowly . guy a hundred against ten thousand . slow clap from guy . balian give the man whose life he have save a long , long , look , and then continue on he way . gl . int . the courtyard at balian 's house . continuous moonlight in the pool . balian sit down and look at the water . palm blow overhead , reminiscent of ibelin . horse 's hoof , os , and someone come in behind balian . balian look around . it be sibylla , cloak . sibylla I see a man who could be great , unless he choose to be '' good '' . if you do not join with I , I be leave with guy. balian you would see you husband dead . sibylla for Jerusalem . for my son . for love . balian what kind of '' love '' be that ? sibylla who be you to refuse a king ? you refuse my son . balian I refuse to do murder . especially of a man who stand between I and what I want . ( sibylla be shake ) and Jerusalem . look into you heart . do you have any idea of Jerusalem except that it be yours ? sibylla ( a long pause , and a honest answer ) it be mine . my grandfather take Jerusalem in blood . I will keep it in the same way , or any way I can , for my family , for my son . I be what I be . I offer you that , and the world ... you say no . balian do you think I be guy ? that I would sell my sould for '' the world '' , or even you ? do you think that I be a ... thing ... that can be use ? sibylla look up at he . ( continued ) 92 . continued : sibylla I think you be a man . and I think there will be a day when you wish you have do a little evil , to doa great good . sibylla exit . balian stare after she . int . sibylla 's room . later push through the room to find sibylla . she crush a rise , stem and all , and the blood rill down she wrist . ext . ibelin . day the waterwheel turn , spilling water into a ditch which run off into the field . balian , cover with dust , look at the wheel turn . then at the crop . ibelin kide be stare at he . he wander out of shot . int . sibylla 's room . night sibylla be show she son a globe of the world . sibylla that be England , where Richard be King . and here be France . we have land there . very green . boy will I ever see France ? sibylla but you must be king . here . boy why ? she look sad and guilty . a sound . sibylla look at : tiberias . she stand . tiberias the king want you . he need you . sibylla I can not bear to look at he . he know this . it do not mean I do not love he . tiberias ( implore she ) go. ( continued ) 93 . continued : sibylla nod . it be something she know she must do anyway . tiberias stay look at the boy for a moment . tiberias ( cont 'd ) May God defend you . tiberias go out . the boy play with the candle flame . he touch it with one hand -- and draw the hand back , in pain . he touch the flame with he other and ( the finger touch the flame os ) do not draw the hand back . int . the king deathchamber . moment later the king , wear he mask , be breathe raggedly . sibylla approach , down the long room . the King 's physician back away . she kneel beside she brother 's bed , as if at a coffin at a wake . the king do you remember when I be a boy ... sibylla and when you defeat saladin . you be sixteen ... she cry . sibylla ( cont 'd ) you have never not be beautiful . in every act . in every word . the king remember I as I be . sibylla ( in tear ) I will . I do . the mask move : a nod . sibylla kiss the mask . ext . the hallway . night guy be stand outside as sibylla come out . he look strangely more needy and in love than villainous . sibylla look at he evenly . sibylla if my son have you knight , you have a wife . guy unless I be make head of the Army we have no bargain . ( continued ) 94 . continued : sibylla nod and move on . int . the king 's deathchamber . twilight move through the column room . the king be dead and lie in state . sibylla kneel at the end of the room . she cross herself , and stand to leave , but then as if in a dream move towards the bier , mask , body . she reach out tremble finger and remove the mask . here for the first time we see what leprosy have do to the king , she brother . she stumble back , and drop the mask on the stone . then , as she look up , it be the sibylla who will do what must be do . whatever it may be . sibylla Long live the King . ext . jerusalem street . twilight bell be toll , funereally . people be wail in mourn , throw dust on themselves . a few brighter light might actually be pack . int . the church of the holy sepulcher . continuous torchlight . all the noble of the kingdom . the boy be give scepter and orb , and crown by the patriarch . sibylla be on she knee , watch , guy beside she . the patriarch turn toward they . patriarch do you swear before God to be he true regent in peace and war . sibylla and guy nod , swear , and be anoint with oil . guy be give a baton signify command of the Army . he look at it . then up . ext . white desert . day a creosote BUSH . a stone fall near it . another . the third stone throw a spark , and the bush explode into flame : the burn bush of mose . hospitaler ( os ) I do not hear a voice . balian nor I . ( continued ) 95 . continued : as the hospitaler walk he horse follow he , almost magically . hospitaler do you love she ? balian nod . hospitaler ( cont ’d ) you have follow you conscience . you heart will mend . balian stare into the light . hospitaler ( cont ’d ) you be marshal of Jerusalem now . you duty be with the people of the city . no matter who be on the throne . balian nod . the hospitaler mount . hospitaler ( cont ’d ) I go to pray . balian for what ? hospitaler for the strength to endure what be to come . balian the Muslims will come when he be dead . hospitaler the reckoning be to come for what be do a hundred year before . the Muslims will never forget . nor should they . the hospitaler wander away into a mirage . ext . a garden . day a turbaned servant be run , lead the boy' pony . the boy , he dress now velvet , regal , bounce happily in the saddle . sibylla walk with councilor . 96 . int . the throne room . day the boy sit at a large drape table , swinging he leg , bored . sibylla , tired , finish write -- in Arabic ! patriarch my lady , be you sure this be wise , to show you intention to saladin . better to let he wonder ... sibylla we keep my brother 's peace . guy , overhear this , bored among the courtier , roll he eye . the keeper of the seal be wait , with wax hot in a vessel of some sort . sibylla put the paper in front of the boy and guide he clumsy hand to sign . detail : '' baldwin V ieruusalem '' sibylla nod . the keep of the seal bring the smoking wax to the paper and as he do it dribble across the boy 's hand . sibylla notice that the boy be stare out at the garden , entrance , oblivious . she cover he hand with she handkerchief . but the patriarch have see . sibylla , she '' mask of office '' in place . the jerusalem seal be press into the wax . sibylla ( cont 'd ) the king be tired . I thank you all . int . the king 's room . night amidst candle , the boy , lie on he back on a drape bed , be examine by muslim physician in black as a servant distract he with a monkey or a punchinello puppet . sibylla lean against a wall , breathe sharply as if hyperventilate but hold herself together . she see she son in the king 's room , surround as the king be by physician ... she be wobbly ... ashen -face . a physician examine the boy 's hand ( still with the remain of a burn on it ) and then move to the foot . gently he feel they . then he stick a pin into one . the boy do not react . the physician look up to sibylla , who begin to tremble . the shadow of the monkey or the puppet on the wall . 97 . int . sibylla 's room . night sibylla be write , alone . State papers . tiberias stand out of the shadow . he and sibylla stare at each other . tiberias there be a rumor . sibylla raise she eye . sibylla call it treason , and kill that who whisper it . ( write ) start with the patriarch . tiberias do the boy have you brother 's disease ? sibylla slowly nod . she stand , and tiberias embrace she . he have know she she entire life . tiberias ( cont 'd ) ( hollowly ) we must call it a lie . condemn it outright . show the boy as active ... sibylla as you do with my brother ? with he rein tie to he hand ? how long before he wear a mask ? will you have one make for he ? tiberias I be sorry . sibylla to the Muslims he will deserve it . they will say he deserve it as they say of my brother ... how do my boy deserve it ? ( a beat ) Jerusalem be dead , Tiberias . tiberias fear it be true enough . sibylla ( cont 'd ) no kingdom be worth my son alive in hell . ( continued ) 98 . continued : tiberias ( finally ) no. sibylla I will go to hell instead . ext . the garden . day a brilliant , luminous , day . the boy be happily riding he pony , hold he lead knight . this time sibylla be lead he . she be stone - face . she lead he towards a '' summer house '' at the end of the garden . ext . the summer house . twilight sibylla uncork a bottle , and pour a cup . her finger do not tremble . she hold it to the boy who smile radiantly at he mother on the best day of he life , and drink . later the boy 's hand open and the lead knight fall to the floor . ext . the road to jerusalem ( gorge ) . day we see : a knight . it resolve as balian , riding along the road . he dismount to drink at rocky stream . he wear mail , but no helmet . he look up and see ( come down the track by a solitary tree ) : three templar knight , guy 's assassin , array across the road . they be heavily armed , enigmatic . balian mount , and ride towards they . one ride slightly forward , with a lance . balian lance , only a undrawn sword . lance , and charge balian , no grip he shield . he have no the first templar lower he time to draw a sword , take the lance on he shield , shatter it . the templar take out a mace . balian hack he in the tooth with the edge of the heavy shield , unhorse he . the second templar spear in balian 's horse . balian hit the ground run , he shield lose . he draw the big sword . the second templar ride down with sword raise . balian swing the sword and hit the horse in the tooth ( which be how a man on foot deal with cavalry ) . the horse spill its ride . balian run forward and kill the second templar , and then as he try to catch the first templar 's horse be cut across the back of the head by a sword blow . his hand slip from the leather . he stagger , ready to fight . the remain third templar ride at he . horse race wildly around , raise dust . the remain templar , dismounted come walk out of the dust , a mace swinging . balian be this why you come to the Holy land ? ( continued ) 99 . continued : the templar look doubtful . balian be aware of the blood he be lose . balian ( cont 'd ) come on . the mace hum . balian duck , and bashes in at the man 's face , get inside the mace . the man fight hand to hand . he crawl to the fall man and after a close struggle ( balian be lose consciousness ) cram he dagger into the eye . he lie across the body of the dead man , bleed from the back of the head . ext . jerusalem . night torch flare on the battlement . bell go and echo through the desert street . int . the dungeon . later the door open . reynald look up . guy , stunne by development , lean against the wall . he hold a sword wrap in its belt . bell on sound . reynald the boy be in heaven . ( guy lean against the wall , nod ) you wife have no more stone than anyone I have know . God protect she . I admire good . I just can not do it . guy she be in the crypt and will not come out . reynald have the templars remove you problem ? guy nod , hollowly . he give reynald he ( reynald 's ) sword . guy give I a war , reynald . reynald that be what I do . guy walk out leave the prison door open . bell carry over into ... 100 . int . the church of the holy sepulcher . day torchlight . all the noble of the kingdom . sibylla , look beautiful , drugge , be crown by the patriarch . she sit on the throne . as the patriarch back away she look aside and see : guy 's hand on she shoulder . ext . the desert . day reynald , armor cover with blood , stand and survey a slaughtered muslim caravan . silk be be drag from bundle . purse be be cut from dead saracen . reynald walk through the scene of slaughter . muslim women be be stripped and rape . reynald walk as if stunne and ashamed , but still he have do what he have do . reynald quire simply can not help himself . reynald I be what I be . someone have to be . he go up to a capture muslim woman and ... unveil she . eye swerve up . knight that be saladin 's sister . reynald I know . omitted ext . damascus . day a great public square , fill with ten and ten of thousand of Muslim man . they be acclaim saladin but use the word to praise god. saladin raise he palm and the allah be louder . in a fury saladin move away from he balcony and into he palace . int . the palace in damascus . continuous imad be look at he master with a kind of fear . saladin there will be no quarter . imad godfrey 's son be lord defender . he be honest . ( continued ) 101 . continued : saladin if they do not surrender Jerusalem they die . saladin cut he palm ; and with a finger put a streak of blood on he head . int . the throne room in jerusalem . night guy be drink . not look very much like be King be he best idea . he be listen to a saracen messenger . saracen messenger where be ibn barzin ? guy who be ibn barzin ? saracen messenger it be we name for the son of godfrey . guy you will speak to I . saracen messenger the sultan will not talk term . he mean to try the Kingdom in the great wager of battle yet see in this land . the sultan find we divide . the sultan say that Jerusalem have now a false king . the sultan demand the surrender of Jerusalem . guy do he . the saracen messenger nod . saracen messenger what answer do you give to saladin ? guy take out he dagger . guy this . he kill the saracen messenger , drive point through the underjaw and into the brain . he let the body fall . guy ( cont 'd ) send the head to Damascus . ( continued ) 102 . continued : sibylla in she mourn clothes stand shocked in the doorway , blink . guy look up to she . guy ( cont 'd ) ( mock she thought ) '' what have I do ? '' the templars and guy 's men , by prearrangement , kill the palace guard and hospitalers . guy walk slowly up to he wife , grab she face , and kiss she forehead . guy ( cont 'd ) you have serve you purpose . you poison the wrong one . tiberias step forward be confront by guy 's pikemen . guy ( cont 'd ) I will not confine you . I leave you you power , you knight . you may try civil war . but then the saracen would see we divide and come in . and so much for Christ 's kingdom . as they call it in other part of the world . ( a beat ) I have the town , I have the palace , I have its guard , I have the templars , I have the patriarch , and I have the crown . it 's do , Tiberias . I be Jerusalem . ( move away ) assemble the Army . ext . outside the wall of jerusalem . day the full army of the kingdom of jerusalem be assemble . enormous rank of horseman , each in they " order " before the city wall . rank of footsoldiers to leave and right . turcopole riding around the fringe , raise dust . the banner of the holy cross fly near guy tent . int . guy red tent . day a open-side affair , a full view of the camp . horse of the nobility of the kingdom hold outside . guy have arrange himself in a thronelike chair at the end of he council table . baron in attendance . a commotion outside . guy go to the ten open and we see : balian , without armor , walk slowly in past the line of mount man at arm , who salute he . commotion among the footsoldiers be well . ( continued ) 103 . continued : guy be too observe to reveal he thought on the appearance of balian . he return nervously to he chair . balian enter the crowded tent . he look for a long time at the templar master . he and guy stare at each other . guy now this assemblage of baron be ... by some loose definition .. ( look up at balian ) complete . there be that among you who may disagree with we succession but it be war and I ... be the king . ( look up nerbously ) we march at once . what say this council ? almost all aye . balian no . tiberias look up and smile . guy be not smile . guy there be baron , and baron , my lord . this be a curious one . balian if you must have a war , this army must not move away from water . tiberias what he say be true . if you march in the head of this season , you will kill this army . balian you have a chance to hold the city . but if you move out against saladin , this army will be destroy and the city leave defenseless . guy when I wish a blacksmith as my advisor in war I will let he know . you will not join this army . ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 2 ) balian saladin want you to come out . he be wait for you to make that mistake . he know he man . balian go out . guy stare after he . templar master we should meet the enemy of God . guy so we shall . tiberias you do so without my knight . guy then I will have the glory . you have have yours , year and year ago , Tiberias . it be time for mine . ext . outside the wall of jerusalem . moment later tiberias join balian , and they walk towards the city gate , move through the army . balian 's men and tiberias 's men separate from the army . reaction on the face of the man . tiberias the boy be dead . balian do guy kill he ? tiberias no . ( balian look at he ) he be a leper like he uncle . his mother give he peace . ( balian start to speak and cannot , nearly stumble , and Tiberias hold he ) she '' let he go '' -- and Jerusalem with he . balian , shattered , nod , and walk on . balian we must look to the defense . when saladin destroy guy he will come . tiberias nod . balian see : the hospitaler , mount , among other knight of he order . the hospitaler ride out . ( continued ) 105 . continued : balian ( cont 'd ) you go with the Army ? hospitaler with my order . have I live ? will you remember I ? what I have say to you ? balian nod . hospitaler ( cont ’d ) I will tell godfrey what I have see you become . they clasp hand . responding to a order os the hospitaler turn horse and ride off with the other knight . int . the palace . night balian move along the hall , with almaric and he man . a templar guard interpose . balian kill he . another templar begin to draw he sword . balian disarm he and back he against the wall , dagger point at he throat . the patriarch see he . balian hand over the templar guard to almaric and grab the patriarch by the throat . balian where be the Queen of Jerusalem ? patriarch guy be head of the army ... and of course a husband have rights , even over a Queen ... undecide guard appear . balian cut the patriarch 's purse , and throw the purse to the undecide guard ... who now decide which way the wind be blow , take the money , and retreat . balian be you a man , my lord bishop , who look to he own interest ? you have that reputation . the patriarch nod . yes yes yes . balian ( cont 'd ) if you obstruct I , I will kill you . there it be . int . the crypt . moment later sibylla be praying . a key clank in the lock . she turn and see : ( continued ) 106 . continued : balian , frame in the doorway . she stand , and lower she eye . balian come forward . balian it do not matter what you have do . what matter be what we do now . sibylla look up . balian ( cont 'd ) guy will lose the army . I must prepare to defend the city . sibylla open the gate ... if saladin come in he full strength we be not defensible . not even if the army be here . balian I have ... decide otherwise . when they come , they will not get in . sibylla look up as balian move fast out of the room . the doorway be now empty . ext . jerusalem . various . day montage of balian , unarmored , direct the arrangement of defense . a break wall swarm with mason . citizen be armed with pike and spear . balian supervise the placement of a ballista . etc , etc . ext . palace balcony . continuous sibylla watch from a high window . ext . the desert . day a huge shot of the desert . at a distance of about a mile , we see the army of jerusalem . it be straggling across the plain , below two hill understand to be the horn of hattin . it be no fine '' hedgehog '' but a rabble baking in the sun . into the shot , a booted foot in a stirrup . reverse it to reveal : saladin . he be stare , veile across . beside he , imad . the mullah ride up . mullah God will it . saladin nod . muslim horse ride up the hill . 107 . ext . the wall of jerusalem . twilight tiberias , stare intently out into the desert , come along to find balian , sit rigidly on the rampart , drink water from a skin . balian can you sense it ? balian stand and look out into the desert himself . tiberias I know at least that no rider have come ... balian nod . ext . hattin . day ( helicopter or cable ) in thick smoke ( obscure distance ) , the aftermath of the battle . Dead horse and man , tangle with they enemy . saracen of the lower class brawl over purse , arm . ( this be , and still be , the great Muslim victory of all time ) , and the saracen know it : they have smashed not only the army of Jerusalem but the crusade ) . ext . hattin . continuous saladin , stone -face , walk over the battlefield . imad be with he . saladin kill the knight of the religious order . imad look take aback . saladin ( cont 'd ) they be fanatics and no peace will ever be make with they . they will think one thing they entire life , and they will never stop think it . ( bitterly , stare across the battlefield ) kill they . saladin walk on through the smoke . ext . hattin . later the templars and hospitalers be be butcher one by one by mullah . ( continued ) 108 . continued : most of the holy knight make the sign of the cross and accept martyrdom . some try to run , a unseemly scramble as the saracen scream . we hospitaler be bring forward onto the bloody ground . mullah there be no god but God . the hospitaler look up at he executioner and smile . hospitaler I know . the mullah after a moment of confusion slashes down . ext . the wall of jerusalem . continuous balian lower he head . wind and dust . as if he be aware of what have happen . he be still bow when Tiberias 's hand touch he shoulder . tiberias come one . int . saladin 's tent . later close detail : snow be scoop into a cup , and water pour into it . saladin take the cup and with he own hand give it to -- guy , who drink , not greedily , suspect what the hospitality mean : he life . he hand the cup , thoughtlessly , sideward to reynald , who also know what the cup mean ... and that neither the cup nor what be mean be mean for he . saladin ( quietly ) I do not give the cup to reynald . reynald ( undisturbed , drink the last drop ) I drink water for what it be . saladin stab the smile reynald in the throat . blood gush out . reynald pitch forward on he face . saladin kneel beside the die and choke reynald . saladin touch he finger in reynald 's blood and put a mark in blood upon he own forehead . ( continued ) 109 . continued : reynald be drag out and ( as the crowd scream ) butcher . guy , on reflection , be more bitter at the nature of he apparent end than afraid of it . he look up bravely at saladin . saladin ( to guy 's relief ) hand he bloody scimitar to imad . saladin be you not close enough to a great king to see how to imitate one ? could you not learn by example ? guy know he have destroy the world . eye luminous in smoke blacken face . ext . the desert . morning tiberias and balian be gallop with a handful of man in godfrey 's livery . balian rein in , stare ahead . he raise he arm , and point . balian there . there Pov : the sky be black with vulture . they ride slowly on , and as they crest a hill , we see , as they do : the battleground . ten thousand man lie dead . Dead horse and man be tear by vulture . saladin 's army have move on . balian and tiberias stare . a mound of execute templars and hospitaler have attract the most vulture . tiberias slowly make the sign of the cross . he lower he head . when he raise he face , he be a new man . tiberias I have give Jerusalem my whole life . all . there be no more . balian Tiberias ... tiberias take hold of the cross on he surcoat and tear it off . he ride a little to the side , stare towards the 10,000 dead . tiberias first I think I fight for God . then I realize I fight for money and land . ( more ) ( continued ) 110 . continued : tiberias ( cont 'd ) and then I be ashamed and the King come to I and say : let we try a better world . a better world have be try and be now impossible . balian Tiberias ! tiberias look at he as if for a moment he do not recognize he . tiberias there be no more '' Jerusalem '' . I go to cyprus . will you come . balian no . tiberias saladin must move he army from water to water . you have four day . perhaps five . God be with you . you be the son of you father . be without fear . God do love you . he have finish with I . balian take he hand . tiberias ride off . after he , with look of apology at balian , so do , one by one , all the man . balian sit he horse alone . ext . the desert . day balian be riding back , hard , to Jerusalem . out of the low ground before he come -- twenty muslim rider , all in white , as if in death -shroud . balian turn he horse to the right ( nearly put the animal down ) , and see : more white rider . within a instant he be surround : saladin' guard . balian do not bother draw a weapon . he look for a breakout as the circle close ... but then he see : saladin . saladin ride forward , hold up he palm . the man look at each other . horse circle . saladin be veile , unreadable . saladin I know you father . ( a beat ) he nearly kill I in Lebanon . on a great horse he crash through my guard , and scattered they . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : saladin ( cont 'd ) he be not five pace from I when a arrow strike through the eye of he horse . I know he face ... and he quality . we call he ibn barzin . I do not know he have a son . balian he do . he do . 111 . white rider come closer . saladin disarm balian , take godfrey 's sword . saladin if you promise to fight no more against the Muslims , you may go . balian if you march on Jerusalem I can not promise . saladin I do march on Jerusalem . I will take it as it be take , in blood . commoner , court and Queen will die . every soul . balian then I can not promise not to fight you . saladin you choice be death , or that promise . balian I can not promise . saladin then you sentence be death . balian wait for it . instead of death he be give : godfrey 's sword . politely . saladin ( cont 'd ) every man die . ( he mount ) I will take Jerusalem . I can not do otherwise . understand . balian I must defend . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 2 ) saladin nod , and canter away , he guard gallop after , leave balian in the dust . ext . the wall of jerusalem . day mangonel be be hoist to the tower by papal troops . a gate be be block up by mason , etc . montage of siege preparation , supervise by balian . ext . jerusalem . a square . twilight cattle and food be come into the town . balian , in a fury , be check he organize defence . arm be be distribute to a crowd . patriarch of jerusalem we must quit the city . balian and be massacre on the open road ? saladin 's cavalry be between we and the sea . patriarch I do not mean the people . I mean we . balian move on . patriarch of jerusalem ( dance after balian ) we have not enough knight . balian ( furious ) truly ? balian turn to a peasant boy , perhaps of 16 . balian ( cont 'd ) what be you condition ? boy I be servant to the patriarch . patriarch of jerusalem you be a slave . that be my slave ! balian be he . balian jump up on the step of the Holy sepulcher . ( continued ) 113 . continued : balian ( cont 'd ) you know who I be . ( the crowd go silent ) none of we take this city from Muslims . no Muslim of the great army now come against we be alive when it be lose . we fight over a offense we do not give , against that who be not alive to be offended . what be Jerusalem ? you holy place overlay the jewish temple which the Roman pull down . the Muslim place overlay yours . which be more holy ? the wall ? the mosque ? this sepulcher ? who have claim ? no one have claim ... all have claim . patriarch blasphemy . balian we defend the city not to defend this stone , which be either meaningless or have too many meaning , but the people live in this wall who will die unless we do not defend they . unless we kill the army come against we every person in Jerusalem will die . say that God be with you if you want , but I will trust in each of you . trust in I . I swear not to God but to each of you that with you help I will kill saladin 's army in front of this wall . no cheer . he jump down . to the boy , hold he . balian ( cont 'd ) you be a slave ? ( the boy nod ) kneel . the boy kneel . the patriarch be aghast . balian ( cont 'd ) every man of arm or capable of bear they , kneel . the crowd kneel , boy , sergeant , merchant , old peasant . ( continued ) 114 . continued : ( 2 ) balian ( cont 'd ) be without fear in the face of you enemy . be brave and upright , that God may love thee . speak the truth even if it lead to you death . safeguard the helpless . that be you oath . the boy can not believe be . balian hit he . balian ( cont 'd ) ( to the boy alone ) and that 's so you remember it . balian go to raise the next guy . the man 's face raise , and we see : the gravedigger , now battle -scarre , rich . balian smile . balian ( cont 'd ) rise a knight . gravedigger master blacksmith . balian master gravedigger . you have come to the right place . he move on out of the murmure ( and emboldene ) crowd . the patriarch of jerusalem stare after he . patriarch of jerusalem ( nearly cry ) do make a man a knight make he a fight better ? balian be surprised by the question . balian ( very simply ) yes . sibylla have see it all . ext . jerusalem . dawn tents be everywhere on the hill . the saracen army be surround the city -- at prayer . hundred of thousand of man bow and vocalize in unison . engine be in place . they crew praying . ( continued ) 115 . continued : Jerusalem 's arch and spearmen stare out from the wall at the enormous enemy . balian stand on the wall , at a tower . he look to he side and see : sibylla . they stand together , windblown , look out at they death . the prayer still continue . allahu akhbar . thousands bow as one . sibylla forgive I . balian I do . sibylla save the people from what I have do . balian I will . sibylla kiss he . balian look at she heartbroken . balian ( cont 'd ) you have better go . sibylla if you want the world more , I would love you less . sibylla move along the wall . balian look chaotically out at the muslim army . as prayer stop ... a solitary figure become distinct on a hill : saladin . he raise he palm . balian , on the wall , do the same . patriarch for God 's sake , talk term . balian there be none . ( move along the '' line '' , check machine , man ) keep you head down . take cover when the barrage begin ... patriarch one may convert to Islam , and repent later . it can be do . there be dispensation in this case ... ( continued ) 116 . continued : ( 2 ) balian look at the cross on the patriarch 's breast . then so do the patriarch . balian you have teach I a great deal about religion . we hear tinkling bell , and laughter . guy , tie backwards on a tiny donkey , with a conical dunce cap on he head , be drive on display along the front of the Muslim Army , below the wall of Jerusalem . he keep he dignity as much as possible . sibylla watch . balian now with almaric watch from the wall as saladin ride alone onto a hill , with he guard . he look towards the city . almaric cross himself as one cry of allahu akhbar ring out . balian ( cont 'd ) here it come . the enormous bombardment commence . defender , as balian instruct , take cover on the wall . saracen engine execute one of the large bombardment of the day . int . sibylla 's room . moment later sibylla have see it all . she remove she jewel . then begin to remove she fine , complicated , clothes . she put on a gray shift , stare into nothingness . ext . before jerusalem . day muslim infantry ( with laddermen ) move forward , slowly , and then at a run . crossbowmen slaughter the man below . engine FIRE and as the muslim army scream and saracen drum beat , a siege tower , arch fire from its platform , be push towards the wall . it have catch fire in two or three place . laddermen run alongside the tower . sprays of stone from mangonel tear through the saracen and rock the tower . ext . the wall of jerusalem . later defender wait . crossbowmen fire and flaming arrow be fire . balian watch . the siege tower come within ten foot of the wall and as a great ramp descend , hundred of muslims charge forward into pikemen . they be stave off , balian at the center of the repulse catch a arrow through the leave wrist . ( continued ) 117 . continued : balian ( clutching the arm ) now ! from a tower to the side , two grapnel be throw . be it not balian the artificer manage thing , this may or may not have be effective , but the instant the grapnel catch ( and be hand - tightened ) , balian wave he arm . the two line run to a derrick which be hold up a stone the size of a small cottage . a line be cut ( kill , as it snap , the man who cut it ) , and the weight of the stone jerk the siege tower to piece . it literally explode . debris , burn beam , knock muslim laddermen off the wall . the wreckage collapse back on the infantry tightly pack behind the tower , kill score . balian watch : and nod at almaric . int . catacomb . night balian move through the row of wounded and dead . a physician cut the jugular of a smashed man and the blood be catch in a basin . balian sit to have he hand bound . the finger be parte from the hand , and put in a basin . the hand be wash , and wrap . a cloak woman do the bandage . she raise she eye . sibylla . balian look at she evenly . then wordlessly he embrace she , stare past she bent head , sibylla weep . ext . the wall of jerusalem . day spearmen knock over the ladder that have be get up . a melee along the wall . balian , move through smoke , wave he arm , and greek FIRE be flung straight down into the infantry . as hundred of saracen burn ... crossbowmen en masse come forward to crowd the wall and begin to slaughter the saracen . ext . another wall of jerusalem . later as muslims in the thousand mass with ladder beneath another wall .... great wooden trays run the length of the wall be lever up by a hundred man , and pour stone down , smash thousand of tightly - mass man ( the lumber follow , tumble down ) . as a second wave of saracen press forward over the smashed man , greek FIRE jet from pipe fix to the wall , ignite man as well as the smashed wooden trays . Men on fire run everywhere , and fall burn . ext . a lesser gate of jerusalem . continuous as muslims advance , ten , score , fall into conceal kill pit of sharpen stake , and even as they be surprised by they ... begin to reconsider the assault , a arch fire a flame arrow into ... a field of pitch . ( continued ) 118 . continued : a area of about a acre have be cover with pitch and straw and dirt . it go up like a oil - rig fire , fierce enough to drive defender back from the wall . this part of the Muslim army be entirely incinerate . ext . jerusalem . night catapult be be work non-stop by the saracen , and the wall be be strike , hard . the wall be come down . ext . jerusalem . day concentrate catapult fire be collapse a wall . it suddenly shiver down , from the bottom , the stone pour out into a great apron . and the muslim army be ready . saladin ride along the front of he force . saladin not one alive . not one . ext . inside the broken wall . continuous a shield wall form , balian direct it . defender ( all the knight there be , include the first boy make knight ) go shield to shield . arch and crossbowmen take elevate position behind . as the Muslim army of thousand advance at a run , ready to kill the Christians at a single rush , balian look to he leave in the shield wall and see : the gravedigger . they nod at each other . the saracen arch fire a volley of arrow and the infantry charge . this be they chance : they will take Jerusalem at this rush and be not afraid of martyrdom . no arrow oppose they : merely the wait knight in the break wall . but they break on the line , hack down , man after man , by the heavily armored knight . there be no need to scream keep the line : the line be keep , by the knight and the '' make knight '' with they . dissolve in the fight to : ext . the breach in the wall . dawn balian , blood - cover and thirsty , wake from a doze . knight be lean on they sword , or lie on the ground , cough . we see that the line of defense be mark by immense pile of dead . saracen tangle with european inside the breech in the wall . hundred of dead : thousand perhaps . the defense of the breach have nearly kill the saladin 's infantry . balian wander , stumbling , among the body . the gravedigger lie dead , hack across the face . balian remember I in France . ( continued ) 119 . continued : on SOUND ( as balian look at the butchery by daylight ) : the muslim army be call to prayer . from the wall of Jerusalem we see the whole army praying . almaric ( cover with blood ) they will ask for term . they will ask for term . ext . before saladin 's tent . day saladin wait mildly as balian come through the crowd , escort . as he come through : the Arabs look at he with interest , many salaam . balian , awkwardly , return the salaam . guy , no longer tie to the donkey , be be treat as saladin 's guest . rubbing he wrist and stare at balian with a strange look of hatred and admiration mix . saladin we must discuss Jerusalem . it 's King ( nod at guy ) have surrender it but there seem to be a difficulty . balian you offer no quarter and we ask one . what have change ? saladin will you yield the city ? balian before I lose it I will burn it to the ground . you holy place . our . every last thing in Jerusalem that drive man mad . saladin I wonder if it would not be better if you do . ( look reflectively at the city ) you will destroy it ? balian every stone . and every Christian knight you kill will take ten saracen with he . you will kill you army here and never raise another . ( more ) ( continued ) 120 . continued : balian ( cont 'd ) I swear to God that to take this city will be the end of you . saladin you can not stand another assault . balian make one , and we will see . guy be watch , fascinate , what he might have be . saladin you city be full of woman , and child . there will be disease , soon , from the dead . if my army will die , and so will you city . balian ( swallow , know that it be true ) do you offer term ? I ask none . saladin walk apart . Long pause . then he turn . saladin I will give every soul safe - conduct to Christian land . every soul . the woman , the child , the old , and all you knight and soldier . you Queen . you King ... ( guy tense ) I leave to what God will make of he . mullah object . balian stare at saladin stare at balian with hatred . saladin ( cont 'd ) no one will be rob or harme , I swear to God . balian the Christians butcher every Muslim within the wall when they take this city . saladin I be not that man . I be saladin . balian then on this term I surrender Jerusalem . 121 . ext . the gate . day balian come back in through the gate . sibylla stand there in she simple clothing . balian we surrender the city in the morning , and will be safely escort to the sea . sibylla the noble ... balian everyone be safe to go . I would not have surrender otherwise . sibylla look distraught at Jerusalem . balian ( cont 'd ) if this be God 's kingdom he can dispose of it as he like . you brother 's kingdom be here . ( he touch she heart ) that kingdom be not surrender . ext . inside the wall of jerusalem . later in the square before the palace Christians with they goods load be form caravan . balian , move among they , mount , suddenly look around as ... guy , fully armed , leap a destrier over some baggage and slam at a gallop into balian 's horse . balian 's horse go down scream . balian roll in the dust . guy ride around he . guy they say now you be beloved by God . how much of that be I to take ? there be already a song about Jerusalem and its false and wick king . guy take a battle axe from a retainer . guy ( cont 'd ) they would have try to marry she to a bucket , or a saracen if it would have keep they world intact . I do not mind that you fuck she , for be we not all french ... but ... ( smile ) I be not a bad man . I be only a man make my way . ( more ) ( continued ) 122. continued : guy ( cont 'd ) I be simply make my way . as all man be ... except for you . do you think you be a perfect knight ? do you ? do you ? balian I be not the man who lose the Kingdom of Jerusalem . as balian walk away , guy turn he horse to ride he down . a chorus of knight dismount and fight he . guy realize he must . he dismount . he draw he sword . balian wait for he . guy move like lightning and cut a gash in balian 's face . balian wait . in a quick passage , guy disarm balian , who scramble and pick up he sword again . there be no question : guy be state of the art . balian stand wait . guy move to kill he . the Men collide , and guy , spin away , elude a backsw , catch the blade with he hand , drive it down into the ground , and return a blow that would have cut off balian 's head -- except that balian parry it , surprising guy . knight and muslims crowd close , shouting . they know they sport : and out of nowhere they be at the World Cup . guy really lay in -- state of the art -- and balian , clumsily , meet every blow . the two man go at it for sixty second straight in a exhaust high speed flurry which include blow in the face with glove fist . guy with a break nose , breathe hard ( presumably see star ) , take a low guard , and balian , wounded twice , take a high one . a saracen knight make a detailed bet with a christian one . guy be still surprised by the blood come from he nose and be repelling balian almost idly . balian miss a blow and crash into a wall . guy 's sword strike where balian 's head be a moment before . balian lunge and guy , let he pass , crash the pommel of he sword down on the back of hi head . balian sprawl on the cobble . guy go after he , cut , miss , be wounded in the side by a thrust . guy parry a second blow and stab balian ( we can not tell where or how badly ) and attack violently , relentlessly . the crowd follow the exhaust fighter , who face each other , bleed , breathless , barely on they foot . guy Water . it be give he in a skin by one of he knight . guy go forward purposefully , to kill balian . balian , staggering , wait . guy cut low , balian , out of breath , barely parry . guy advance to kill he . balian wait , at the high guard . ( continued ) 123 . continued : ( 2 ) balian be cut , badly , in the next pass . balian take the '' high guard '' again . he watch guy ( which be to say he death ) advance . guy ( cont 'd ) ( advance ) '' be brave and upright that God may love thee . be without fear in the face of you enemy . '' we have all hear the word . how dare you believe they . how dare you . guy go for the kill in a move we have see before . balian parry as he once do with godfrey but instead of lose he sword as he do long ago in the french wood he meet the next blow and then cut guy across the throat . guy fall to he knee , try to speak . he pitch forward . balian , hold godfrey 's sword , stare down at he . int . the palace . day balian , he wound bound by muslim physician , stand . the physician back away respectfully . he move into the corridor . muslims be move through the palace , take possession . balian look into tiberias 's room . the room be now all muslim clerk , go through papers . balian look around and see that saladin be stand beside he , alone . saladin so. balian my lord . saladin I admire the franks for they courage . it be say that I have learn chivalry from they . have you hear this ? balian laugh . saladin smile . saladin ( cont 'd ) '' chivalry '' . it be like faith . when it be true it be good . ( hand on balian 's shoulder ) I like nothing better than a honorable man . start to go . ( continued ) 124 . continued : bail what be Jerusalem worth ? saladin nothing . saladin be now walk back along the hall of the capture palace . saladin ( cont 'd ) everything . int . sibylla 's room . moment later sibylla be sit before a dress - mirror . a distorting sheet of polished metal . stare at a image which be unclear . she be aware of balian behind she . sibylla I be still the Queen of acre , of tripolis , of ascalon . balian and I be still a knight . and that be all . she stand , and look at he . balian stare at she . sibylla what shall I decide ? balian it be simple . decide not to be a Queen and I will come to you . balian have come to the end of the room . he hesitates ; and then go out through the curtain . ext . the david gate . day a very orderly Christian evacuation . balian join it , on foot . imad appear , hold the magnificent horse that balian give he some time ago . imad ( wrily ) it be not a very good horse . I will not keep it . ( balian take the bridle ) we will meet again . balian if we do not ? ( continued ) 125 . continued : imad take it poorly bake no bread . imad walk away into the crowd . balian lead he horse sadden ; but free . guy 's knight trudge past and each of they salute balian . he return the nod ; ride along the huge stream of refugee ... all of whom he have save . as he begin to be recognize ... he pull the hood of he cloak over he head . as he look back at Jerusalem ... saracen engineer on top of the church throw down the cross that surmount it . it crash to the stone in front of the Temple and be break to piece by saracen . muslims be take possession of the temple . saladin be walk , be cheer . muslims on rooftop , in the street , acclaim saladin . int . inside the temple . day rose-water be be splash on the flag of what have be a Christian church . it be be purify by mullah . saladin stand in the doorway with imad and the mullah . mullah God have favore we with victory . all the glory be God 's . saladin walk away from the Mullah . the mullah would follow ; but imad stop he . saladin wash , prepare to pray alone . he lay he mat , and , lowering he head , pray . ext . the road to the coast . day ( ending one ) the city be no longer visible . the christian refugees , escort by Muslim horseman , trudge through the desert . a woman walk along the edge of the stony road . balian move along the line . at first he almost pass the woman . he ride alongisde she for a while . then dismount . balian walk he horse beside the dusty figure . balian a Queen never walk . sibylla no. ( a beat ) and yet I be walk . balian some say that Jerusalem be the center of the world for forgiveness . for myself , I call it here . ( continued ) 126 . continued : sibylla nod , and keep walk beside he . balian lead he horse on , exhaust . they walk together towards the sea . the refugees sing in french , walk through the Holy land , head towards the distant sea . balian tear the cross from he tunic but cannot throw it on the ground . he put it in he sleeve . fantastical saracen knight ride along the column , silk billow , sing they own song in Arabic . balian watch they pass , then ride on , hood , head down . in a perfect match , snow begin to fly past he bent head . he turn he horse , dismount , and we see that he be at the forge . he stand , look around at the land , the orchard . on SOUND : horse . balian finally stand and look , raise he hood . crusader . the lion of england . gold on a red tunic . richard 's knight we crusade to recover the Kingdom of Jerusalem . balian you go to where the man speak italian and then continue till they speak something else . richard 's knight we have come by this road to find the lord who be defender of Jerusalem . balian ( bow ) I be the blacksmith . richard couer do lion sit he horse , stare at balian . the crusader pass behind . richard and I be the king of England . balian I be the blacksmith . he bow . richard couer do lion look at balian know very well who he be . ( he see the armor lash to a packhorse ) . but he nod and ride on . balian turn from the pass crusader and enter he old kitchen garden to see a young tree . it be one of the tree plant by he wife . he touch the leave . balian raise he hood against the fall snow , and move on to turn to see , at a distance , sibylla , watch he . ( continued ) 127 . continued : ( 2 ) balian walk he horse to join she . ext . the crossroad . later balian and sibylla canter through the crossroad and past the local lord 's castle without look back . black .