the crow by Davis schow base on a screenplay by John shirley base on the comic book create , draw , and write by James o' barr September 14 , 1992 fade in : ext . cemetery - late afternoon boom ! a crack of lightning illuminate the silhouette of a perch crow large in the f.g . tight angle - fresh grave as a spade smooth the wall of a new double - decker plot . dimitri ( o.s. ) we be lose the light ; let 's pack it in . angle - dimitri and alexi two gravediggers . scoop digger park f.g. tower gothic - style church b.g. roll of astro turf . they look up toward the sky . alexi snow , maybe ? dimitri what , you gonna ski on this ? he indicate the mound of fresh dirt . spit into the grave . dimitri ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's bag this . it 's beer time . alexi nod and unfurl the tarp over the dirt . low angle tracking shot - flowers on grave as we move alongside a pair of canvas -side combat boot , as the wearer collect the most lively flower from each grave in sequence . tight angle - the crow Cemetery defocused b.g. large , glossy - black , the bird follow the arc of movement in the previous shot . ruffle its feather as it begin to sprinkle rain . angle - elly - resuming her motion a dirty -blondish tenement kid of eleven , clad in a blend of cast - off and hand - me-down ; she version of street punk chic . she tote a skateboard under one arm ( itself a berserk Jackson pollock chaos of band sticker , silver marker and graffiti , with day - glo wheel ) , and transfer she impromptu bouquet so she may unzip a flap and hike up a rag hood against the rain . she stop to watch the grave digger pack up and exit b.g . elly guess the picnic get rain out . she look down o.s. at -- angle - shelly webster' grave as elly place the gather flower down . almost reverent . resume crow angle - elly b.g . as elly take a single white rise and place it atop the grave near shelly webster 's . angle on grave - as elly leave tilt up from rise to the name : eric draven . rain spatter the granite , darken it . extreme close - up - crow 's eye it blink in its alien way . with the crow as it take wing from it 's unseen perch . land stop Eric 's headstone . it peck tentatively at the top of the monument . angle - elly near eric' grave she have not get too far before she notice the bird . elly oh , scary . the bird blink at she from the headstone . elly what be you , like , the night watchman ? another blink from El birdo . camera with elly - booming back high as she exit the iron gate of the cemetery without look back . brutal building facade , like dead eye , and bad alleyway , like hungry mouth , be gradually reveal as we continue pulling back to unveil that the cemetery be smack in the middle of the city . ext . maxi - dog - twilight - rain continue close - up of a foot - long hot dog be drown in mustard . mickey ( o.s. ) what this place need be a good natural catastrophe . earthquake , tornado ... angle - albrecht and mickey albrecht be a black beat cop , 35 , in a rain slicker . mickey be the grease - aprone entrepreneur of maxi dog , a steamy open - front fast foodery . albrecht you gotta put the mustard underneath first . mickey maybe a flood , like in the Bible . albrecht here , let I do it . he grab the dog from mickey . mickey puff he cigar while he cook . albrecht methodically spread a napkin and perform surgery on the hot dog , coating the bun with mustard , roll the dog in the bun . flashes mickey a " gimme " look . albrecht come on ... onion . do not cheap out on I . lotta onion . moving angle - as elly skateboard toward maxi dog mickey heyyy -- it 's the elly monster . albrecht how do you ride that thing on a wet street ? elly talent . hi. albrecht Care for a hot dog ? elly you buy ? albrecht I be buy . elly grab the stool next to albrecht . they `ve do this routine before . elly no onion though , okay ? albrecht ( horror ) no onion ? elly they make you fart . mickey laugh . spot elly a Coke . mickey what 's goin ' on , elly ? elly I go to see a friend of mine . mickey well , how 's you friend ? elly she 's still dead . albrecht and mickey exchange a look be : elly 's matter - of - factness . ext . cemetery - night ( rain ) Thunder kaboom o.s . the crow peck the top of the stone again and a chip of granite fly off , bang ! extreme close - the headstone as the crow peck again and draw blood from the rock . close - up - the crow a dot of blood on its ebony beak . low angle - headstone a thin , watery trickle of blood wander from the top of the stone towards the earth . rain do not interfere . lightn play in the roll cloud cover , b.g . resume the crow as it take off from the gravestone , into the rain . close - up - the blood it slowly fill the name Eric draven into the rock . close - up - foot tapper a low angle like the shot introduce elly 's boot . this time we see cowboy boot , leather chap . the foot tap . wait . medium angle - the foot tapper as lightning strike . just enough for we to see a figure in a long duster and a cowboy hat . resume eric' headstone draven fill with blood . blood continue groundward . new angle - the foot tapper turn to meet frame as the crow alight on he outstretch arm . this be the skull cowboy . we glimpse the deathshead , beneath the brim of the cowboy hat . resume eric' grave as blood trickle into the turf at the base of the grave . tight angle - the crow shaking off rain . watch intently . close - up - the skull cowboy's free hand Black glove . it walk a flat silver throw knife across it 's knuckle , like a quarter somersault . resume eric' grave the turf stir beneath the white rise . magically , a slim white part the earth to grasp the rise . skull cowboy Pov - eric 's grave as the figure of Eric draven stand up from behind he own headstone . low angle ( from grave ) - eric pale . clad in cerement : cheap black burial suit , slit open in back . white shirt . a nothing tie . no shoe . rain sluice mud from he upturn face . he look to the sky . lightn . another angle - follow eric as he weave to lean against a nearby tree . look o.s . eric 's Pov - the skull cowboy water - blurred , through the rain , stand with the crow perch on he arm like a hunt falcon . he release it and it fly to the tree . angle - eric watch this . wipe mud from he eye , try to clear vision . the crow light in the tree and they meet eye- to -eye . Eric look back o.s. and we rack to include the Skull cowboy . eric what the hell be you ? skull cowboy interested ? follow the crow . NB . the Skull cowboy speak in nicely distort , buzzlike charnal house whisper . unsettle and hackle-raising . Eric turn back to the bird , which take wing in the rain , his eye follow it . he look back , disorient , doubtful , but the Skull cowboy be go . low deep angle - the crow take wing in the rain , show the way . another angle - eric alone in the cemetery . after a moment hesitation , he lurch off , follow the crow . dissolve to : ext . arcade game supply office - night - to establish : a candy - flake muscle t-bird be park at the curb . int . arcade game supply office - night a moving shot during o.s. line . past dead video and pinball device . pasta desk with a open briefcase , coffee cup , ashtray -- someone be just there . then past a woman , truss with duct tape to she office chair , gag , hot fear in she darting eye . complete camera move to include skank , a blade - thin speed freak with pattern baldness , always loud , jittery , a manic dust puppy . and t-bird , a arrogant arayan , brush - cut iron pumper , who be prepping a incendiary . he exhibit a small squeeze bottle of arson cocktail to skank . t-bird uncle t- Bird 's 100 - proof accelerator . I squirt you with this , you could jump in the Detroit river and burn all the way to the bottom . insert a close - up of the bomb in he hand as he work . Silver canister , a LED timer , wire . t-bird ( cont 'd ) you know , Lake Erie actually catch on fire once , from all the crap in it . wish I coulda see that . he click a switch . peep . LED countdown blur . t-bird ( cont 'd ) we be ready to rock . skank notice the captive woman 's handbag on the floor . pick it up . look through it for valuable . skank what about work girl ? intercut the woman 's increasingly horrify reaction . t-bird what about she ? skank I say we leave she here to fry , man . t- Bird look casually at the woman . smile hideously . t-bird no. let 's take she with we . angle - the woman her eye bug in a terrify no ! ext . STREET - moving - night as the t- Bird fishtail wildly around the corner and eat street . int . t- bird - travelling - night TB drive . one eye on he digital watch ( do a equally fast countdown ) . skank wrestle they captive , the woman , in the back seat . TB ( piss off ) skank , shut she the fuck up ! skank punch she and she sag . then he look forward . skank whoaaa -- t- Bird , red light , red light ! ext . STREET corner near maxi - dog - night as the t- Bird slew wide , cut sidewalk , scatter nightwalker , immediately attract everybody 's attention . angle - albrecht - at maxi - dog reacting , with a mouthful . albrecht goddammit . mickey grab the counter phone instantly . mickey call it in ? albrecht be off and run for the corner already . albrecht yeah , do it ! ( to elly ) stay right there ! hold on mickey . he point at albrecht 's hot dog . yecch . mickey ( yell after ) you want I should save this for you ? ext . mouth of alley across from cemetery - night the car slide to a nose - down panic stop . skank ( o.s. ) dump she , man , dump she ! the woman come tumble from the car , which blast off with a war hoop from the guy inside . angle - corner - on albrecht gun out , haul ass on wet pavement . aim at the depart car . give it up . still too far away . pedestrian in the way . angle - the woman hurt , cut , bleed , totter toward the dumpster . Duct tape stick to she face but cut away around she mouth . with she as she fall into the alley darkness ... straight into the arm of close two - shot - eric and the woman they eye lock . Eric stiffen with he first flash . NB : Eric 's flash of past memory be condition by the nature of thing with which he make physical contact . hint and fragment in fierce , super- saturate color . puzzle piece he must assemble . each flash keynote by a blowback noise and accompany by a degree of pain . it hurt to remember . flash : int . t- bird - woman' struggle the face of skank and t- Bird be murky , ephemeral , they voice hideous , distort echoe . a knife snap open . we see the blade . blood . skank hit she , pow ! and -- flash end . another angle - eric and woman a airborne crow Pov spiralling up and away from they . match with : angle - the crow perch on a fire escape , high above , watch and wait . angle - resuming eric and woman she fade . he let she drop away , horrify . and stagger back into the cover of the alley . her blood be on he hand . angle - albrecht running skid in , spot the woman . kneel to she . albrecht here now ! you be gonna be okay ! can you understand I ? I be a police officer ... the woman be no longer in pain . deathly calm now . woman he touch I and it stop . the pain . albrecht what do you say ? woman I see a ghost ... her eye roll back and she die in albrecht 's arm . albrecht oh no ... do not go , darlin ' , you stay with I , now ... shit ! high angle crow Pov - the alley booming back from albrecht , the woman , onlooker , as police unit screech up to assist . ext . alley behind arcade game supply house - on eric - night Eric in lurching flight , panting . stop and steady against the wall across from the backside of arcade Games . angle - the crow ( flying ) circle , then lighting on the fire escape above Eric . back window of arcade game - ( " crowvision " ) " crowvision " be what the crow " give " Eric to see . visually distinct and immediately identifiable . eric be Pov - back window of arcade game which he 's already see through the crow 's eye . angle - eric look up at the crow . disorient . do not understand . suddenly he cotton , and cover he eye just in time to shield from : angle - back of arcade game the rear window exploding outward in a spray of fire and debris . angle - with eric he reel back , crash into a dumpster . Falls . angle - the crow landing on the dumpster edge near a pair of discard combat boot in the trash . flame . low angle - eric the blood from he hand mar he burial shirt . he tear the shirt away , leave he tie absurdly intact . wipe he face with he shirt . discard it . stop , hold by he discovery -- push in on eric as he finger explore the five pucker bullet puncture in he chest . almost a circle . comically , he feel he back foe exit wound . then haul himself upright , come level with the crow . his glance at the bird be almost accusatory . angle - the crow inscrutable . we should get the idea that some silent communication be take place . angle - eric' feet bare , muddy , freeze . tilt to Eric . his gaze move from the crow to the boot in the trash . he grab they , push they onto he bare foot . his eye catch the firelight . distant o.s. siren eric Fire . in the rain . dissolve to : int . club trash - night we be now within the neon techno-depth of Club trash . the bg music be hard , savage , primal : a doom -laden Radio werewolf band rule . cabaret blitzkrieg , pack with death -to - yup trendazoid . we will see more of this circus later . right now the bg SOUND be we biggest clue to the flavor of this establishment since we be -- tight close - up a framed 8x10 thinly film in dust , mount among dozen of other band shot . visible among the pose member of a group call diabolique be Eric , wield guitar on the club stage . nd blur as people cross frame . grange , 45 - 50 , powerful , a seasoned assassin , cruel but loyal . his facade remain stony as he lead three other man briskly down the corridor . : ngo nwa , 50ish , clad chinese gangster style - white topcoat , white scarf , tinted shade - and two body guard supplying a power perimeter around he , lean , dark - haire asian killer who would gladly die for ngo nwa , which they will in just a minute . they have just pass the diabolique 8x10 . ngo nwa 's glove finger , in pass , leave little skid track in the dust that clear the eye of Eric in the photo . as the foursome reach the door , grange turn doubtfully -- suspiciously -- to nwa . ngo nwa he will see I ... unannounced . another angle - the door as grange key in the enter code the door hiss open . without a word , nwa pass inside and the door be pull shut in grange 's face by the bodyguard , who post themselves to either side . int . lao' nightclub office - night the door close and the bg noise be gone . through a large window ( mirrore on the club side ) all sort of activity be visible through automatic mini-blind . a fly-vision bank of 12 tv monitor be hot with surveillance . lao , a painfully clean - cut , armani-clad asian , impeccable , almost dash , but the dynamic here be crystal clear : nwa be the King : Lao , the dark prince in this hierarchy . at the desk , Lao be startle from he contemplation of a tiny , perfect rat skeleton by ngo nwa 's unherald entry . the desktop be bare except for and arcane vietnamese fight knife , half a meter long with a ideogrammed blade , dramatically position beneath a artemide lamp . Lao rise and feign servility . NB : the follow exchange will play fast , and entirely in vietnamese . lao ( formal greeting ) nwa ( dismissiveness , contempt , then chastize anger as : ) nwa indicate the blade with some ridicule . lao ( phony assuagement ) nwa ( know it 's bullshit ) Lao turn , stare out the blind , fight for control . deep breath . he turn back to he " master . " nwa gesture broadly at the oppulent office , indicate that Lao should be grateful , but be somehow errant nwa ( respect be require ) lao ( begrudge agreement ) Lao see the blade . a idea . he lift it reverently , bear it the nwa hilt - first in both hand , as if bestow a thing of immeasurable worth . ngo nwa ( why give I this ? ) Nonetheless , nwa accept the blade . it gleam . hypnotic . even nwa have to admire it . turn it so the blade be point at he sternum . his attitude indicate Lao be too far away to do anything untoward . lao ( sinister punchline ) Lao spin through the air and heel -kick the blade through nwa 's chest , pin he to the door . it 's over so fast the gasp of astonishment never escape nwa . Lao be much more than merely treacherous , he be extremely capable . lao ( in perfect English ) when I speak of a offer , I do not mean a offer to you . int . corridor - night ( continuous ) grange , stand out of arm 's reach in the corridor , kill both bodyguard with a double headshot as they turn in greeting as the door open . another angle - corridor - lao , grange , and corpse Lao exchange a look with he right arm ; grange nod affirmatively . grange you gonna smoke he bone now , or however it be you do it ? Lao smile indulgently . he wipe the blood from the blade on the jacket of he ex-lord . Lao now bow to no one . ext . FIRE escape - another alley - night Eric , wear the combat boot , climb as the crow lead he . up. he jam he hand on a rusty wedge of metal . ouch . close - up - eric' palm blood flow from the gash . he vise he fist shut . angle - eric on FIRE escape eye- to - eye with the crow . open he hand . close - up - eric' palm the blood flow back into the wound , which close itself , leave another scar . angle - eric vise the rail . speak to the night . almost a mantra . eric " my kitten walk on velvet foot , and make no sound at all . and in the doorway nightly sit to watch the darkness fall . I think he love the lady night ... " ( to crow ) be I alive ? be I dead ? something else ? something in between ? close - up - the crow inscrutable . no answer here . resume eric almost bemuse . steadier . a hint of friendliness . eric thanks for share that . etc . gideonis pawn shop - night as the t- Bird grumble tp park curbside . menace . int . gideon be pawn shop - night a junkyard of loot and dusty discard . junkie thieving and other people 's stereo . behind a wire - meshed security counter gideon read a racing form , chain -smoke throughout the scene . he be pear-shape , stubble , unkempt . food on he shirt . jingle of doorbell . gideon lower he paper to reveal skank and t- Bird on approach . gideon ahhh , jesus , the creature of the night , here they come . tweedledum and tweedledummer . skank rile skank hey , blow I , fat boy ! just as quick , gideon cock and level a Magnum at skank . gideon blow yourself , bigmouth . t-bird ( interpose ) whoa , hey , whoa. ( hand up ) Business . he lift a small carton onto the counter . gideon whatcha get ? new angle - counter transaction time . t- Bird pass item through the screen slot and gideon give each one cursory , doubtful inspection . t-bird coupla more ring ... 24k. gideon 18k . crap . t-bird ... necklace ... pearl ... gideon nineteen buck at sear . Fake , t-bird leather purse ... he hand though the bag rest from the woman . gideon what 's this -- a little , ah , bloodstain , right ? ( do not matter ) fifty buck for the box , and I be doin ' you a -- t-bird yeah , I know , fatso . do we all a favor . make top dollar smile . skank you would not want top dollar not to smile . mention of top dollar clam gideon efficiently up . he hand over the cash to t- Bird with a grimace . ext . rooftop - on eric - night Eric stare upward at the crow as it drop like a bomber from the night sky , fly past he , skim the roof , lead he on . Eric exhales , shrug , feel mock by the bird . eric all right . and he take off on a run . only to stumble and fall . but the fall turn into a tumbling roll that land Eric back on he foot still move . he look back as if to ask : " do I do that ? " and run out of the frame . another angle - picking up eric on the run . as he squint towards the crow and do he best to keep up . track with he to the edge of the roof , heavily mist in rain . he jump a negligible gap to the next lower roof . the next roof - top be a one -story jump down . Eric clear the jump with a woof of air . keeping he eye on the fly crow ; gain strength . his next leap be more like a broad-jump . athletic . fast moving angle - the crow keep airborne , keep ahead . moving angle - eric eye confidently on the sky as he arch out into space ... up angle from STREET - building as Eric be see to jump across the gap at least three storey up where there be no connect building . close angle - target build ledge as Eric smashes into it , just miss , hing at the waist , grab for purchase , suddenly panicked , gravity pull he downward . angle - at eric from phone cable bracket Eric fall but manage to grab the bracket one-hand . he hang for another deadly moment , then slowly , to he own astonishment , execute a one - hand pull - up that will save he ass . eric gotcha . he complete the pull - up , bring he chin level with the ledge . as he reach for it with he other hand the bracket rip from the wall and Eric plummet , with a howl of defeat . up angle from STREET - eric' downfall it 's a loooooong way down . angle - alleyway as Eric land and split a trash can in two . a beat as we wonder if any bone be leave unpulped . push in as Eric roll from facedown to he back . tight shot - eric' face as he complete the roll , gasp , amaze he 's still in one piece . angle - trashcan - on the crow it fly easily down to inspect Eric as he slowly sit up , examine he hand . frustrate and piss off . eric thanks . close - up - the crow not " you welcome " , but other - worldly patience . it wait . resume eric eric ( cont 'd ) where be we go next -- the sewer ? ext . rooftop - night still , dark silence until Eric land from above frame , feline . the crow land simultaneously b.g. , perch near a roof access door with a shade , dim - yellow bulb . close - up - the crow it just blink at he . int . abandoned stairwell - night as Eric yank open the rusty rooftop door from the outside and sweep down the step in a swirl of night mist angle - foot of stair trash and detritus all around , clogging the artery of the building , which be old , unoccupy , forsaken . the crow light on a scar banister knob . Eric 's footstep come down into frame . angle on loft door - include eric a year ago this door be seal with police barricade tape ... which now sag , fade . a sticker across the jam notify potential trespasper that this be -- be -- a crime scene . Eric slow , stop , he hand on the banister . angle - the crow as be waft ahead of Eric , arrive at the door first . angle on eric , the door , the crow Eric have have enough . eric be we finish yet ? close - up - eric' hand on banister slide along , as he speak , until it hit a cigarette burn . push in on eric - tight stiffening as he suffer he second -- flash : image and dialog be not link . a rapidfire montage set in the loft , a year earlier ( it be decorate for Halloween ) . the break door . the stairwell be fill with cop and cop noise ; lab guy bustle . albrecht be there , make note as a detective step over to he . albrecht victim 's name be shelly webster . the guy who get toss be , uh ... -- ( check he notebook ) albrecht grind out he smoke on the banister . flash end . resume eric on the stair . he sit down hard , hurt from the flash . his eye seek the crow . he complete albrecht 's line : eric " draven , Eric . " ext . the pit - night low dolly of elly 's little combat boot move toward the entryway of the pit . music gradually up louder o.s. as she near . angle - elly in doorway luridly - light . a grow - up 's place . a burly bouncer appraise she , he tone jokey . he know elly . bouncer hey ! you get any id ? elly very funny . ha. ha . oh my , side . the bouncer jerk a thumb . go on in . int . the pit - night a grungy sawdust - floor shot - and - beer joint pack tight with urban burnout rush to drink they life away . hammer music and rude whorehouse lighting . each predator strain to be badder than the next . track through this maze at elly 's eye level until we reach darla , waitress she heart out , the drug mileage on she obvious . elly Mom --? darla I tell you you be not suppose to come in here . elly ( a quick lie ) I lose my key . disgustedly -- goddamn kid -- Darla fish up a key and slap it into elly 's hand . funboy ( o.s. ) hey , Darla -- before we die of old age , how about it --? darla ( to elly ) out . now . I gotta work . rack past Darla and move in close on a corner table -- where sit funboy , skank , t- Bird and a black , vested muscle gypsy , tin - tin . int . loft - night as Eric shove the door open from the outside . the lock , pop from the frame , spin on the wooden floor . the barrier tape whisp and dust roil . Dark , chilly , damp . a rat 's nest of disuse . pull back through the broken picture window as Eric enter . Glass blow out . shard poke . jag . new angle - as eric walk in he scan the loft . see reflect golden eye near the floor . eric be Pov - floor near window a white , long -haire cat walk into a pool of night light . angle - eric and the cat he kneel . extends he hand . the cat near ; like Eric . close - up - eric' hand . as the cat make contact . sudden white jolt - a flash . flash : we hear Eric strumm he strat o.s . we see what he see : shelly , hold the cat . flash end . up angle - eric wincing . recovering from the flash . he purposefully gather the cat into he arm and brace for more , harder , stronger ... flash : a man and a woman make love on a big bed amidst a hundred point of candlelight . shelly and Eric , once upon a time . flash end . reverse angle from bedroom door - on eric as the cat , drop , hit the floor and scramble out of the way . close - up - eric vise he head , teary - eye , he nose bleed . eric no ! do not look ! no! no ! he whirl unexpectedly and punch he fist completely through the masonry wall . flash : Eric and shelly in a mock waltz . he spin she and they collapse on the bed . flash end . angle - eric slowly pull he arm out of the wall . eric ( whisper ) stop it . his eye roll up and he slump the length of the door frame like a drown man . angle - gabriel watch Eric . he hit with a o.s. thud . int . the pit - on funboy's table - night as a glove hand set up four bullet next to four shot . funboy ( o.s. ) let 's have some fun . funboy pop the bullet , like a contact capsule and wash it down . t- Bird turn to tin-tin , the new guy . t-bird you first . tin - tin you be outta you fuckin ' mind . into it , almost jazze , tin-tin downs he bullet and shot , and t- Bird do likewise . point to skank . t-bird no. I be not the lunatic . he be . skank rile , pull a huge Auto mag and stick it in t- Bird 's face , cock . skank fuck you , t-bird . just as lightning fast , t- Bird have he own gun out and jamme right under skank 's jawbone . he make a kissy face . t-bird I love you too , you madman . they all crack up laugh like ax murderer . skank drink , tin-tin spot check the satchell from top dollar 's . Darla deliver more shot and funboy feel she ass . funboy hey , pussycat . int . loft - down angle ( crow Pov ) - eric on floor he 's awake . pushes himself up . reverse angle - the crow be perch in a dead light fixture , monitoring Eric . angle - eric on floor he 's awake . pushes himself up . realize he be in the center of a faint chalk outline on the hardwood floor . he reach to touch the dark stain of old blood . flash : shelly spill into frame , mouth bloody . t- Bird instantly on top of she , rough . flash end . angle - with eric as he abandon the outline and stagger to the window ... where he cut open he hand on jag of glass . flash : Eric hold firm in the grasp of t- Bird and funboy , one arm each . five bloody bullet hole in Eric 's chest . the thug 1 - 2 - 3 and hurl Eric backwards through the window , which shatter . flash end . angle - eric at the window reeling backward , same trajectory as in the flash , but toward the floor , in slo -mo . overload . black out . as eric fall - intercut montage a jumble of good / bad image from the loft : tin-tin embed a page of paper in the loft wall with a throw knife ... shelly 's face as she light a candle ... a popping champagne cork ... the echoing cannonade of the shot that kill Eric ... skank backhand shelly ... shelly blow bubbles from a clawfoot tub full of sud ... Eric catch funboy 's first slug high in the chest ... new angle of the glass in the window blow out as t- Bird and funboy through Eric through ... angle - eric' real time fall he plummet to black out frame . thump . out cold . int . pit - resuming funboy's table - night funboy contemplate he drink as the previous scene reverb . funboy more fun than a torture chamber . tin-tin 's pocket pager go beep and startles they all . skank nearly shoot it , jumpy . tin-tin pull back on a black leather trenchcoat after click off the pager . tin - tin I hate this goddamn thing ... angle - darla watch they from a distance as tin exit . int . loft - floor level - night a enormous cockroach trundle past , large in frame . rack to show Eric lie on floor b.g. as he eye pop open . a flurry of dark motion as the crow fly past frame . angle -- the crow -- have snatch the bug in it 's beak . eat it . angle - eric rise from the floor . careful . stealthy . watch he fireplace . eric we have company . angle on fireplace huge . marble . cold . Eric 's paper mache mask of Comedy and tragedy still hang there . the Skull cowboy step out of the dark and into the vague blue light . shadowy as ever . skull cowboy have fun yet ? no ? ( beat ) I will give you a hint . remember whatshername ? eric shelly ? skull cowboy miss she ? eric yes . skull cowboy kill the man who kill you both , and the Day of the Dead will be you reunion . the Skull cowboy prestidigitate a flat throw knife ( like tin - tin 's ) . Eric 's gaze follow it closely . skull cowboy ( cont 'd ) you must use you eye . he point to the crow . angle - the coming knife - ( " crowvision " ) weirdly distort , a share vision between Eric and the crow . tight on eric as he duck out of the path of the knife he see through the bird 's eye . he roll . on the crow it hop out of the way as the knife embed in the wall . Eric 's roll finish he up nearby . eric goddammit . he grab for the knife as if to use it on the Skull cowboy , but the knife cause a unexpected painful flash . flash : Eric bounce off the bedroom doorframe , tin-tin 's knife stick in he shoulder . flash end . resume eric vise he head with he hand , in pain . too much pain . skull cowboy get it ? eric leave I alone -- ! he look up , the Skull cowboy be still there . skull cowboy ( contempt ) do something about it . another angle - eric and the skull cowboy . a horrible beat between they . the Eric run full tilt across the room , bound to the open window and then leaping . angle - skull cowboy as close to surprise as he get . step out to watch as -- angle on window - eric fly foot first out into space . close - up - brickwork above windowframe Eric 's finger smash into grip the tiny mortare gap ! ext . loft build - up angle from STREET - night High above , Eric 's foot shoot out the window , knock loose stray shard that fall toward frame . he swing into a upside - down pose , impossibly hold himself rigid against the building 's side , face down . by he quarter- inch finger grip . close - up - eric every muscle rigid , quivering with tension . hold . then he relax , and swing back inside . int . loft - at window , picking up eric - night he arch , flip , to land on he foot . the Skull cowboy be go . no knife either . the crow watch . o.s. " meow " . angle - with eric as he turn to see the cat eric I guess I be not ready to leave ... just yet . he pick up the cat -- wary of flash , which do not come this time -- and return to the window . feeling safer . eric ( cont 'd ) the last time we see each other , I do not do so well . ( hold cat up ) huh , Gabriel ? he move to the fireplace . with he free hand , lift the tragedy mask off its hook . puzzle it , fact - to-mask . eric ( cont 'd ) I bet you need some cat food ... right ? ext . STREET - night - establishing : Eric walk , the tragedy mask hang from he hip . a occasional pedestrian pass without comment , brutalize by the city . Eric , more confident , smell the night 's bouquet . ext . alley - night ( " crowvision " ) two man around a trashcan fire . we should recognize tin-tin by he black leather trench coat . a wonderfully rude Rap tune , " get a White woman tied up in my closet , gonna jab her with a stick , " razzle b.g . ext . STREET - resuming eric - night as Eric react to what the crow have just see . slow . stop . and direct he attention toward the mouth of the alley . ext . alley - tight on tin - tin - night he pull the nickel plate revolver from the satchel . follow as he hand it across to ratso , who remove the suitcase-sized boom box ( the source of the music ) from he shoulder to accept . ratso be a feral skull - head ; street trash . tin - tin Three hundred and you a gunslinger . high angle - tin - tin and ratso as the crow be still watch , yet perch . a brief shove - and-standoff . the gun deal have go bad . ratso please , tin - tin , you know I be good for the money , man , I promise , Leslie put I up to it , please , man , do not -- ( choke scream ) tin-tin have just up - ram a throw knife into ratso . tin - tin ratty -- shut the fuck up . tin-tin lift ratso on the knife , gut he . ratso go slack , deader and hell . tin-tin reach around to click off the boom box ... then let 's ratso`s corpse fall . eric ( o.s. ) another satisfied customer ? tight angle - tin - tin galvanize by the surprise voice . he automatically draw a fresh knife from the bandolero of knife across he chest inside the coat . can not yet track the source of the voice . tin - tin who the hell be that ? ( beat , venomous ) come on out man , I will not hurt you . angle - eric in alley he step out from behind another flame trashcan . wearing a long black scarf and the tragedy mask . eric hello , tin-tin. angle on tin - tin - as he rise ( from ratso ) try to process what he see . and cover . and buy time . tin - tin Little early from trick - or-treat , homie . ( be : ratso ) this dick try to bushwack I . eric murderer . tin-tin blow out a breath . no bluff . time to kill again . tin - tin guess you get that goddamn right . he shrug . the shrug become the launch of a knife . tight shot - moving - eric his black - glove hand slap away the income knife and inch from he nose . it clatter . Eric continue stride toward tin-tin . eric try harder . try again . shifting angle - eric near tin - tin as tin-tin throw another knife . Eric close in . he clap hand together , immobilize the next knife . open he hand , almost a " oop " gesture . keeps on come . angle - eric and tin - tin as they meet . tin-tin attempt a roundhouse . Eric block it and smashes tin-tin into the alley wall . eric a year ago . Halloween . a man and a woman . in a loft . you help to murder they . tin - tin last Halloween , eh? yeah ... ( beat ) yeah , I remember . I fuck she too , I think . eric you cut she . you rape she . ( rage ) you watch ! tin - tin hey , I get my rock off , so fuck you in the ass , man . they be face - to- face now , sweaty and tense . Eric peel off the tragedy mask . eric I want you to tell I a story , tin-tin . tin - tin I do not know you ... but , as Eric bear down on tin-tin , tin begin to recognize he . fear. sweat . for the first time , tin-tin start to loose control . tin - tin ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ... you be dead , man ... extreme close - up - eric eric victim . be not we all . int . loft - night tight angle - tabletop as Eric 's hand place ratso 's boom box on the table and click on suitable weird b.g. music . angle - floor level Eric 's boot pass frame . a open can of cat food clanks down big in f.g. as Eric walk b.g. obviously wear tin-tin 's trenchcoat . Gabriel nose into to frame to eat from the can . int . loft , bedroom - night ( later ) shelly 's vanity . dusty , disus . the mirror spiderwebbed with crack but still hang precariously in its frame . Eric be seat , he image crazily split into many . he pull on a long - sleeve , tight - knit , black shirt . widen angle to reveal the loft now light with dozen of candle stub . place all around . ceremonial and weird . close - up - eric eric Halloween be come . the Day of the Dead ... in the mirror , multi Eric 's . he touch the glass , tightening up as he realize he 's in for another -- flash : shelly , sleep on she divan , a year ago , wake as Eric ( o.s. ) say " boo " . she crack a eye open . shelly you scary quotient need work . flash end . another angle - eric at vanity consider old cosmetics . everything he touch will hurt he . but he 's ready to eat this pain . he grab a lipstick . flash : shelly at the vanity in happier time shelly I think red 's my color , do not you ? flash end . resume eric wince . he drop the lipstick on the floor . grab a hairbrush . flash : Eric smashes into the street after he death - fall , trail break glass . flash end . new angle - eric at vanity later . he 's wear white pancake makeup on he cheek . shaky . flash : Eric suck up funboy 's gunshot in the chest . 1-2-3-4 . flash end . resuming eric at vanity he face a crazy warpaint maze of white streak , not blend yet . he look at he own reflection . in one crack , triangular facet of the mirror be not a multiple of he face , but the Skull cowboy . just one . skull cowboy glad to see you be finally with the program . eric bugger off to the graveyard , skull - face , I be busy . skull cowboy you work for the dead . forget that , and you can forget it all . the cowboy tip he hat and be not there . Eric see the crow perch on the edge of the mirror now . eric forget this . he smear the streak until he face be uniformly grave - wave white . angle - gabriel the cat come in to sniff around the clutter at the foot of the vanity . Eric look down towards he ... and toward the lipstick he drop . close - up - eric' hand as it glide down to pick up the lipstick . contact , and -- flash : Eric , smashed on the street , T - Bird 's car b.g. , upside down in Eric 's Pov as he roll over and blood course from both corner of he mouth , a definite foreshadow of the " crow " face . flash end . resuming eric at vanity - tight eric she always red red be she color . extreme close - the mirror we see only a reflect corner of Eric 's mouth as he duplicate the blood trail in red lipstick , make one one half of a crow harlequin smile . ext . loft build - later - night a medium shot as lightning strike ; a storm brews . ext . loft - later - night close - up - eric' boot crossing the floor . tin-tin 's knife slotted to the bucklework . close - up - vanity Eric 's hand discard a hairbrush there . he move off . close - up - gabriel look up o.s. , watch he master stalk around with purpose . Thunder rumble long o.s. angle - at eric in window from outside the storm boil . Eric frame in break window . closer angle - eric in window Eric all in black , firm -wrapped . tight -wire . the trenchcoat flutter , cloak-like . his shadowy face frame by the upturn collar , he hair punkish and spiky . side angle - eric as he move forward in the light . the crow light on he shoulder . eric all right , bad guy ... front view - eric full crow regalia . face makeup streamline . Eric 's eye flash . eric ( in draw out yell ) here I commme -- ! pull back swiftly , vertiginously , as Eric swan dive from the window , he voice a howl . up angle from STREET - eric' fall coat , wing -like . match he dive yell with o.s. crow screech . slow motion as Eric fill the frame and we -- dissolve to : ext . alley - where tin - tin got it - night cop light bounce , compete with the trash fire . albrecht and several other uniform assess the double - death scene . a detective , torre try to appear in charge . torre could not have happen to a nicer couple . angle - albrecht and torre over dead tin - tin tin-tin freeze in deathshock , all of he knife stick out of he . Dead ratso , b.g. , where he fall . albrecht sure it coulda . funboy 's not here , neither be t- Bird -- none of top dollar 's number one . torre you know , you sure get a hard - on for a guy that 's guilty of zip on paper . top dollar run showtime ; what 's the matter , do not you like adult entertainment ? albrecht this sack of shit be call tin- tin . torre do not any of you little pal have real , grow up name ? albrecht he be a runner for top dollar . just muscle . torre was. albrecht ( sigh ) this be not top dollar 's style anyway . this be somebody else . somebody new . albrecht light a fresh smoke . torres wave the smoke away . torre and you be gonna tell I who . albrecht who ever make that . albrecht point . camera follows to wall behind tin-tin . a crow silhouette have be daube in blood there , now dry . torre what in the hell ... do you call that ? albrecht I call it blood , detective . if you want , you can call it graffiti . int . gideon be pawn shop - night close - up of gideon 's thick finger shuffle grimy currency . some scratchy 1920 's tune play throughout b.g. , like a broadcast from another time and place . tighter angle - gideon look up at a metallic SOUND , o.s. irritate . gideon piss off , we be close . as the outside security gate rattles , gideon draw he magnum and approach the front door . gideon Fucking creature of the night ; they never goddamn learn . sudden surprise as he see the silhouette of the gate scree back against the frost glass of the front door . gideon ( cont 'd ) hey !! and he hustle to close up the distance between himself and the door , gun up . before he can touch the door , the crowbar come rocketing through the glass , peg gideon in the forehead and knock he flat on he ass . he lose the pistol . Eric walk through the door , cause the fracture glass to disintegrate around he . he disclaim , thespian . eric " suddenly I hear a tapping , as of someone gently rapping , rapping at my chamber door . " ( pause ) you hear I rapping , right ? low angle - gideon on the floor reacting to Eric 's weird appearance and look for he gun . gideon oh , bullshit ! you be trespasp asshole , you be breakin ' and enterin ' and you just buy I a fuck door ! during gideon 's rant , Eric brushes glass cube from he shoulder , nonpluss . now he fling gideon across the room . gideon crash into the counter cage . as Eric advance on he : eric I be look for something in a engagement ring . gold . as Eric come up behind he , gideon reach through the open cage door and pull a big combat knife from beneath the counter . gideon you be look for a coroner , shit - for-brain ! and he try to nail Eric with the knife . new angle - behind gideon - as gideon swing no Eric behind he . tilt to reveal Eric hang off the cage above gideon . Eric slam the cage door against gideon 's head . drop down like a spider and collect the knife . eric I repeat : a gold engagement ring . it be pawn here , a year ago , by another gentleman whose name , I believe be ... " t- Bird " ? in tight on eric and gideon Eric twist gideon 's sail - like shirt and gideon turn bright red . eric ( cont 'd ) cute nickname , do not you think ? gideon ( gasp ) I be not get no fuckin ' ring . eric wrong answer . Eric nail gideon 's hand to the counter top . gideon howl ! gideon all 's I get be in a box ! behind the counter ! Eric jump through the cage door . gideon 's eye bug as he see he own pierce hand , immobilize . angle - on eric behind the counter scan the shelf . row of box ammo . kerosene tin . a shotgun . knive and assort knuckle duster curio . and the ring box . close - up - the ring BOX in eric' hand . dozen of gold ring . Eric 's finger sift through they . tighter on eric he bring each ring to he face . intercut with gideon 's feeble struggle and invective , o.s . eric no ... no ... no ... no ... he toss each reject ring over he shoulder . until : close - up - the ring in eric' hand obliterate by a stab of brilliant white light -- flash : shelly 's face . a perfect vision ... flash end . resuming eric he close he fist tightly around the ring . a moment of decision . then he draw the shotgun from beneath the counter . use the butt to knock the knife free of gideon 's hand . it go spin across the countertop . Eric shuck the shotgun and ram it into gideon 's nose as the big man slump to the floor . eric tin-tin confide in I , before he run out of breath . you have one chance to live . gideon no fuck way . he will kill I . eric who would waste time kill you ... besides I ? gideon sweat , pants , contemplate the hole in he hand . gideon ( cow ) top dollar . eric another jolly nickname ? gideon you want that asshole , you want top dollar . eric t- Bird ? gideon like the car . he hang out with skank . that little ass-hair , and they hang at the pit -- hell , funboy life there . ask top dollar . eric a whole club of pirate , with pirate name ... Eric seem to go berserk , smashing and puncturing can of flammable and powder while gideon flinch , nursing he hole hand . blow just miss gideon 's head . soon he 's cower . low angle - eric look down at gideon in revulsion . eric you feed off the live . smash ! as another tin cease to exist next to gideon . then Eric be go , past he without further word , ignore he entirely . as he exit , shotgun shoulder , he pause to admire a white fender strat hang among the pawnables . he reach for it . on gideon as he summon some last minute budget bravery . gideon you walk outta here top dollar will erase you ass ! top dollar own the fuck street here and you can not dick with I , you son of a bitch ! resume eric - framed in doorway the guitar now bowslung across he back , the shotgun levell at gideon 's position . eric one chance to live . take it . move in tight on gideon as he realize what Eric mean . haul ass and bang through the rear door with a bleat of terror . angle - resuming eric in door as he cut loose with the shotgun . ext . gideon be pawn shop - night as see from across the street . Eric silhouett , unmove as the whole store front blow hellaciously out around he , raining glass and debris . stir he hair . Eric be the black eye of the fireball . low angle - front of pawn shop - emphasize eric light by flame and residual explosion . he hurl the shotgun into the inferno . casually brushes flame / smoking detritus from he own clothes . albrecht ( o.s. ) do not move ! I say do not move . new angle - eric as he turn slowly , to see albrecht , out of reach , gun draw . Eric 's attitude lighten ; albrecht be not the threat here . eric I think the police always say " freeze : . albrecht divide he attention , jumpy , between the odd sight of Eric ( guitar on he back ) , and the raging instant inferno of gideon 's . albrecht I be the police and I say do not move , snow White . you be under arrest ; I do not care what else be wrong with you ! you move and you be dead . Eric have begin to pace towards albrecht . palm up . a gesture of submission . albrecht 's battle calm begin to waiver . eric and I say I be dead ... and I move . albrecht no further . I be serious . Eric bow , bring he forehead in line with the gun 's muzzle . eric then shoot , if you will . tight angle - albrecht he give it up . can not shoot . this be too weird for he . albrecht be you nut , walk into a gun ? new angle - less threatening - eric and albrecht eric you must listen carefully : the Fire Department will be here soon . there be a injure man in the alley who need assistance . ( meaningfully ) as shelly webster once need you assistance , and as you be shortly go to need my assistance . albrecht gesture casually , almost comically , with he point gun . b.g. , the crow land on a fire escape to monitor they . albrecht you wanna run that back for I one time ? siren near , o.s . Eric listen to they , to the night . eric listen : top dollar . he " own the street here . " he will " erase my ass . " albrecht you do not say . eric I know top dollar have turn you street into he hell . albrecht Fucking a , my friend . eric the other be call skank , t- Bird . Street name . funboy . ( beat ) watch I , office albrecht . Eric lift a chunk of glass from the sidewalk . slow and easy . albrecht do not completely trust he . up come the gun . albrecht watch it ... Eric slice open he palm . blood flow . to he fingertip . new angle - eric and albrecht as Eric quickly daub a crow silhouette in blood on the wall ... then exhibit the gash hand to albrecht . close - up - eric' hand as the blood retreat and the wound seal itself up . tight on albrecht and the silhouette . mouth hang . albrecht you be the one who do tin-tin ... pull back fast to reveal Eric be go from the frame . albrecht do a quick 180 . no Eric . flashbar from income unit begin to bounce red and blue off he face . albrecht ( cont 'd ) great . good night . guy show up look like a mime from hell . ( beat ) least he do not do that " walk against the wind " shit ; I hate that . ext . showtime - night - to establish . a night - owl pornucopia . t- Bird enter beneath a garish theater marquee . the 2 - bill : rump romp with buttbuster ii . int . showtime lobby - night t- Bird approach the snack bar . wet , breathy mate noise from the auditorium throughout , o.s. look supremely bored , the counterman , dickey bird , thumb a porn tabloid . so what . dickey bird t- Bird . thrill I . t-bird Business . t-bird head leave through 's steal door that dickie buzze open for he . int . showtime auditorium ( backstage ) - night t- Bird walk past dust - cover boxy black speaker as we glimpse lance and angelique make history in reverse , on the back of the movie screen : oratoria as good as porn film can make it . porn queen ( o.s. ) I do not know how to describe how I feel , lance -- so restless -- porn king ( o.s. ) you be my Moon Queen , angelique . porn queen ( o.s. ) oooh -- I want you be rocket right now in my Sea of tranquility -- lance -- angle - catwalk stair as t- Bird approach , the movie sound dwindle o.s . he ascend the skinny metal stairway two step at a time . angle - steel face door at top of stair . as t- Bird near it , a viewplate snap open to ass he . by the time he reach the top , the door unbolt to admit he . int . top dollar' lair - night as t- Bird enter . the room be organize around a long meeting table and flavor with a taste of everything illegal : drug paraphernalia , weapon . across the table be a couple of sentries like the one that admit t- Bird to the room . track past they to a lank -haire silhouette as he turn away from a windowshade , backlit by showtime 's exterior neon . this be top dollar . who look like a johnny Winter acid casualty but be deadly cold , definitely the man in charge . top dollar Wild fuck night . I hear we pal tin-tin get himself very dead . t-bird and gideon 's just burn all the down to the foundation . top 's eyebrow go up . oh really ? t-bird ( cont 'd ) I do not have nothin to do with that . top dollar Bet that piss you off , right ? t-bird top , what the fuck be go on tonight ? top dollar stay normal , T. cop will be all hotwire and aggressive . no combat move until I check this out . ext . STREET - night - ( ~ crowvision " ) high angle take in the street , the pit , and a little girl seat on a abandon car . angle - STREET level - on elly . seat on the loot wheelless car , play with a small doll . closer angle - on elly she do not notice someone be watch she yet . tight on doll , then elly she look up o.s. at Eric , who be still out of the frame . elly what be you suppose to be ? a clown ? close - up - eric he smile for what seem to be the first time . warm , even past he crow makeup . eric sometimes . he glance back and log the location of the pit for later , not in a big hurry just now . turn back to elly . wide angle - eric and elly elly you look like a rock star without a job . eric I dabble . May I ? he indicate the car hood , a " seat " next to elly from which he may observe the pit . elly if you be not some kinda child molester . Eric look behind himself . who , I ? genuinely amused . he shake he head no and sit down next to elly . int . club trash - night the music pound and smoke be everywhere , like incense . intercut of the clientele , retro , robotic , clove cigarettes and rubber clothing ; fetish casual wear . angle - top dollar right in the center of the noise , look downscale and dirty in this milieu . angle - another customer pass top , appraise he , find he as boring as life itself . undertaker chic , she stare at top . top dollar I think Halloween be tomorrow night . a Oriental bodyguard pass he in f.g. , motion to follow . int . lao' nightclub office - night Lao watch club activity on he flybank of tvs . when top dollar show up at the office door two sentries try to bar he passage . he shove through . top dollar get outta my way , you mook . Lao 's demeanor indicate that they should not kill top . lao a unexpected pleasure . top dollar bad news . alot of action on the street tonight , and nobody bother to clear it with I . tin- tin get himself whacked . lao who get himself what ? top dollar one of mine . and it be not a standard hit . lao I have hear something like this . ( beat ) describe it for I . the " hit " . top dollar I be wonder if you could tell I anything ... about a wildcat operative . lao I know of no one . ( beat ) but even if there be , I be sure it be nothing outside you capacity to deal with ? top dollar anybody violate my turf -- we turf -- I will rip out there heart and show it to them . lao to be sure . now tell how you friend die . int . precinct house - night annabella , a comfortable large , spider - in- the - web deskworker , sit type at a terminal . mike headphone in one ear , police scanner chatter o.s . she blow and pop a pink bubble of gum . albrecht ( o.s. ) Annie ? angle - annabella and albrecht albrecht enter frame from across she countertop . annabella whatever it be , the answer 's no , Eddie . I be too busy tonight . albrecht Annie , I need a file . there be a desperate edge to albrecht 's voice . annabella speak up . ( beat ; she guard up ) clear it with the Captain if you need a file . albrecht this be special , darlin' . please ? annabella eye albrecht doubtfully . fatalistic sigh . annabella just do not tell I you " owe I one . " what file ? albrecht double homicide . a year ago . Las Halloween . ext . STREET near the pit - eric and elly - night still hang by the car , a bit more familiar with each other now . a low -slung mirror- window limousine hiss past they and curb across the street from the pit . elly my mom work over there . I be wait for she , but she 's probably with he , right now . eric who ? elly mister funboy . eric mister funboy life there ? two shot - elly and eric - ( pit b.g . ) elly he have a room , upstairs . I do not like he very much . elly be not happy about this . b.g. we see grange get out of the car , head to the pit , and notice in pass a guy with the white face talk to the little girl down on the block . elly ( cont 'd ) can you play that thing or do you just carry it around everywhere ? elly indicate the guitar strapped to Eric ' back . eric I can pick out a tune now and again . elly can you play " teddy bear ' picnic ? " ( be : doll ) it use to be she favorite . eric do she have a name ? elly no name . you sure ask a lot of question . elly hand the doll to Eric and he experience a wholly unexpected flash . flash : elly and shelly sit as shelly 's vanity , goof with makeup , test - drive lipstick , the doll visible on the vanity . flash end . resume eric - as the doll drop from he hand pain be try to fight it 's way out of Eric in surge . elly ( os ) ( smart alec ) hel - lo ? Earth to anybody ...? Eric snap out of it . elly retrieve the doll . elly ( cont 'd ) do you feel okay . eric no . elly you gotta go now , I bet . eric I have to go . half -zomboid , half - determine , he exit . int . pit - night - with grange as he circulate to the bar , unimpress . to the bouncer : grange top dollar ? bounce never hear of he . grange funboy ? bouncer oh , prob 'ly upstairs bangin ' Darla . pay for you own beer and they will prob'ly be down before you can drink it . int . precinct house - office - night close - up of a 8x10 of the loft slaughter in albrecht 's hand . subject : a document pin to the wall with a knife . angle - albrecht at desk . flipping through the file . smoke . angle - the 8x10 in albrecht' hand subject : Eric , dead in the street in front of the loft building . the blood on he face reminiscent of he crow face . as albrecht 's hand move the photo we can see in the file several band shot of Eric as a member of diabolique ... include the shot on Lao 's wall gallery of past performer at Club trash . a doughut on a paper plate suddenly touch down in the middle of all this research , startling albrecht . angle - annabella behind he annabella do not thank I . you ass be already in enough trouble for this shit . albrecht I know that . albrecht hold a typewritten page closer to the the light . close - up document , tear by the knife hole make by tin-tin . it read : we , the undersign tenant of 1929 calderone Court Apartments ... albrecht another nice white girl with a cause . like a big kick I sign . albrecht take up and 8x10 of Eric 's face . albrecht ( cont 'd ) shelly webster . and she nice white boyfriend , Eric draven . with a feel - tip pen he superimposes the crow smile , like the make - up , like the blood . annabella you last little wild goose chase get you bust back to the beat patrol , just like in a bad detective story , Eddie . be we do the wildgoose thing again ? under this albrecht sketches in Eric 's spiky crow hairdo . albrecht could be . annabella you gonna wind up work at a school crosswalk . that doughnut 's chocolate you , know . push in on the doctore photo . it 's Eric . it 's the crow . push in on albrecht . albrecht well , hello there ... chocolate , annabella do not thank I . albrecht thanks , babe . int . the pit ( rear ) - eric on FIRE escape - night climb . the crow perch on he shoulder . not in a hurry . eric it 's a Raymond Chandler evening and the pavement be all wet , and I be lurking in the shadow , for it have not happen ... tight close - up - eric impish . clown killer . eric ( cont 'd ) ... yet . int . the pit - night grange at a table . smoke and wait . no beer . his back protect , he be station near the fire stair door and have a good overview of the room . int . funboy's room - night close - up of a base pipe be light and hit hard . ext . the pit ( rear ) - FIRE escape - resuming eric - night Eric 's glove hand slide sinuously up rusted railing . int . funboy's room - night a hypodermic needle rise into frame . a nicotine fingernail flick bubbles in the syringe . follow needle down and broaden angle : funboy tap up a vein in Darla 's arm and shoot she up . both be naked in a shabby bed . bare lightbulb above . darla ooh , baby -- gimme all of it . close - up - the needle as the plunger depress . angle - on the window as the crow quite unexpectedly arrive and perches on the sill , scare the shit out of we two dopey friend . funboy pull a giant auto pistol ; mock aim , calm down , do not fire . darla it 's a big fuck bird ... she fall back against she pillow , eye dreamily defocus . funboy giggle . relaxes the gun , which half - disappear into the sheet at he side . funboy it 's a squab . here bird , here , birdie ... new angle - darla and funboy except that Eric now stand near they bed , across from the bird 's position , the guitar bowslung . eric here funboy . contain panic as funboy and Darla both startle . the needle fly and land at Eric 's foot . empty . funboy struggle to maintain against he high . funboy oh wow , oh wow , do not fuck do that , man . I nearly have a fuck heart attack . darla fun -- look at that guy ... funboy it 's just the dope , do not worry darla fun , he 's not go away ; he 's scare the piss outta I ! funboy not I . funboy draw the gun from underneath the sheer . suddenly he seem totally focus . funboy ( cont 'd ) time for you to take you bird and leave , freako . Eric rip open he shirtfront to reveal a circlet of bullet puncture . this give funboy pause . eric take you shot funboy . you get I , dead bang . funboy tilt the gun off target . grin as Eric flat handedly past he chest , indicate where to shoot . funboy you be seriously fuck up , man . just look at yourself . in a blur , he sigh , and shoot Eric through the heart . funboy ( cont 'd ) bang ! he shoot , he score ! then he expression drag a little bit . angle - eric look down and daub he hand in the bullet wound on he chest . eric bull 's eye . good shot . angle - darla who start scramble to get out . grabbing clothes on the floor around herself . she run right into Eric 's outstretch hand . eric stay . Eric twist she arm . close - up - darla' forearm . where we may clearly see the needle track . up angle - eric eric morphine be bad for you . he hold she arm captive . tight , and we push in closer to see the dope evacuate from the puncture , a reverse of Eric 's , blood trail . the dope drip from Darla 's arm to the floor . Darla 's eye roll up into the unconscious . she slump . angle - on funboy - gawping funboy how the hell do you do that ? eric Magic . funboy regards Eric 's battlescar and guitar . funboy either die or do a solo . Eric look briefly to he chest wound , wince . he can not seem to make it tie off fast enough . he turn he attention back to funboy . but he strength be mysteriously ebbing . eric neither . funboy yeah , I get a more fun idea myself . funboy lash out and broadside Eric across the temple with the gun . Eric fall , roll back to a stance , but funboy be right on top of he , howling like a lunatic and pistol - whipping Eric relentlessly . funboy I hate trespasper ! ( whack ! ) I hate prowler ! ( whack ! ) I hate peeping tom ! ( whack ! ) and right now I hate you ! angle - wall near bathroom as Eric , catch off - guard by funboy 's hyper high and weaken by he wound , come slamm into the wall , lose he foot . here come funboy , and we tilt up from Eric 's position as he loom , cock the pistol , which now have Eric 's blood on it . funboy ahh , the hell with it , I still get five shot leave . in a blur , Eric grab funboy`s gun hand . twist to the crunching of bone . funboy 's skew - around gun hand blow a hole in he own thigh . funboy fall back across the bed . funboy owwwaaaa -- fuck I ! look what you do to my sheet , you lame piece 'a shit ! aaaaaa ! goddd ! eric do it hurt ? funboy do it hurt ?! you dead - ass , clown - face fuck , of course it fuck hurt ! what the shit be you gonna do about this ?! Eric sit on the bed next to funboy ; inspect the ampule of morphine on the nightstand , the needle of the syringe already insert . eric I have some pain killer right here . and he fill the syringe all the way . angle on funboy as he begin to see the light . he can not get away . grow terror . funboy no , wait , no wait , that 's too much , man , that 's like overkill , nobody can take that much , you be waste it -- ! eric you pain end now . and Eric ram the needle into funboy 's heart , drive home the full dose . funboy begin to convulse . Eric fall back on the bed , he force spend . Darla come to in the corner , shock -traumatize . on o.s. cough , and Eric open he eye . the Skull cowboy , stand in the room , tip he hat . skull cowboy howdy ( beat ) you look a mess . like a ole cooter dog . tight shot - eric' face streak with -- mostly -- he own blood . another angle - the skull cowboy and eric skull cowboy get a little ambitious and extracurricular , be not we ? eric go away . skull cowboy you need to learn to mind you own business or you will never get where you think you be go . eric shut up . skull cowboy maybe I be wrong about you . the Skull cowboy seem sadden or disappointed . all we get be a little shake of he skull - head . Darla make a SOUND and Eric turn toward she . she 's really confuse . she 's look to Eric for some kind of answer . eric you daughter be out there , on the street , wait for you . she 's stunne , utterly speechless . all she can do be look in Eric 's eye , try to ponder the phantom there . eric go. now . Darla shove helter - skelter past Eric and out the door without a glance back at funboy . Eric , recover , follow slowly , stare at the open door , stooping to lift the guitar drop during the fight with funboy . the Skull cowboy have vanish . push in . grimly , Eric take a syringe and begin to draw blood from the late funboy . int . the pit - night as a hastily dress Darla bang out through the fire stair door behind grange and flee the pit . bouncer hey , g'night , Darla . ( to grange ) that there be Darla . grange funboy ? bartender indicate up with he thumb . grange move to the fire stair door . int . funboy's room - night grange have see the door ajar and now enter gun-first . freezes when he see : grange Pov - funboy half -sheete , bloody , a hypo hang out of he heart . resume grange eye darting , draw to -- grange's Pov - the wall near funboy a crow silhouette spray-paint with a syringe of funboy 's blood . a thin outline , drippy . resume grange whirling with he gun to bring it to bear on -- angle - grange sees the window the crow be no longer in the room . Eric be perch on the sill , guitar and all , look right at grange as if wait from he . he wink , hold a finger to he lip -- sshh -- and jump out into the night . another angle - grange he almost fire , but do not . we see instead the priceless expression on he face as we -- CUT to : int . precinct foyer - night albrecht light another smoke , quit for the night . wave to the late-work annabella en route . ext . precinct house - night albrecht have not go three step before Eric appear behind he , cat silent , match pace . NB : Eric have get a new black rock - n- roll shirt on ... and a shell case from funboy 's gun tie in he hair . eric freeze . albrecht startles ; drop he file . nearly draw he gun . albrecht jeezus ! do not ever do that , man ! albrecht pants , hysterical but calming down . Eric wait . albrecht ( cont 'd ) I tell you cop do not say " freeze " . he retrieve Eric 's doctore photo from the spill of papers . albrecht ( cont 'd ) you , my friend , be dead . I see you body . you get bury . eric I see it , too . albrecht gather up the file . Eric stand there . we realize he be hesitant about touch the file . eric ( cont 'd ) walk with I . as albrecht come up with the file as they walk . another angle - eric and albrecht on the STREET albrecht you die , man . I can not believe it but here you be . last year , you and you girlfriend -- eric I need you to tell I what you remember . what happen to we ? albrecht you go out the window . she be beat and rape . she die in the hospital . they stop . Eric do not know this . fix albrecht with a look . albrecht ( cont 'd ) hey , you ask , man . ( beat ) she hold on for thirty hour in intensive care . hemorrhage , trauma . he body just finally give it up . ( beat ; regret ) I see it and could not do jack for she . Eric have grow increasingly distraught over albrecht 's line . now he turn to albrecht and , hold albrecht 's temple with he finger , put he thumb over albrecht 's eye . tight on eric - albrecht against wall we see Eric react to a brutal flash ... but we do not see the flash . new angle - eric and albrecht and Eric tear from albrecht ; stagger back , now hold he own head . his crow face slack in realize horror . albrecht you okay , man ? I mean , what just happen . eric the venom of bad memory . you be there ; you see she . I see you see she . understandable nervous , albrecht light up a cigarette . albrecht you gotta understand -- I be hope she would talk , give I a lead , a clue , something to work with . but she only say one thing to I before she die . Eric lower he head , penitent . eric my name . albrecht ( fizzle ) I be sorry as hell , man . eric thirty hour . a day of life , plus change ... tight two - shot - albrecht and eric Eric pluck the cigarette from albrecht 's lip , take a single contemplative puff from it . eric Halloween be come , soon . you will have top dollar if you watch for I at the showtime , tomorrow night . albrecht I should be try to stop you . Eric nod , keep he eye on the cigarette . eric thank you . for give a damn . albrecht my pleasure . eric do not smoke this . as a bus grumble past on the street , Eric pitch the butt and simultaneously duck out of frame . angle - albrecht turn to see a blank building wall . Fire escape . darkness . no Eric . he do a full 360 degree turn . Eric be go again . albrecht damn , I wish he would not do that . moving angle - from bus roof coat flap , Eric be stand on the bus roof as the bus move away from albrecht 's position . int . lao nightclub office - night Lao have the partially disassembled rat skeleton in front of he , as well as a mortar and pestle with some bit of crush bone , and be smoking powder rat bone in a pipe and grange report to he . grange the son of a bitch wink at I . the he jump . Three storey . Lao seem strangely unaffected by the bizarre nature of grange 's tale . lao do you see a animal of any kind ? do you see a bird ? grange ( puzzle ) no . I see a guitar . ( beat ; irritate ) this be not some rock - n- roller you forget to pay , be it ? ( beat ) there be a draw on the wall that look like a bird . in blood . Lao 's expression be one of sublime content . lao good . grange it could have be a chicken ... ext . liquor store - night - ( " crowvision " ) a long shot of the t- Bird park across the street from the store as two figure -- t- Bird and skank -- approach on the store side . skank I wish to hell I have torch gideon 's , that fat fuck . t-bird I wish to hell I know who it be that make tin-tin into a voodoo doll last night . angle - closer on t-bird and skank - STREET level they stop walk . look at each other and sanctimoniously cross themselves . tin-tin 's big r.i.p. moment . t- Bird indicate the liquor store . t-bird we need some smoke and some road beer . skank get it . skank hustle toward the store . t- Bird cross to the car . angle - t- bird - through car window widen angle to include the car as he near it . behind he , two 12 - year - old kide , axel and chopper , enter the store after skank , one wear a long duster . int . liquor store - night as the kide enter and split between the counter and magazine rack . East indian clerk . two boy fight video game war in the corner . skank browse , grab odd and end . ext . STREET / int . car - lower angle - night as t- Bird climb in , dig the last cigarette from he pack , snap he Zippo and in the sudden orange light , see : insert - rearview mirror Eric 's purloin strat in the back sear reflect the light . angle - t-bird he try to spin and draw he gun but Eric be upon he , nestle one of tin-tin 's throw knife right inside t- Bird 's ear . t-bird what the fuck be you suppose to be , man ?! insert : Eric liberate t- Bird 's automatic from the shoulder holster ; Eric 's hand close t- Bird 's door for he . eric I be you passenger . you drive . and stop talk . tight angle - t-bird hand on ignition key and gearshift , make ready . as order . int . liquor store - on skank at counter - night he look outside and see Eric as the car fire up , pipe and glasspack grumble . skank move , bristling . skank what 's all this happy horseshit ? and the car peel out maniacally ! skank try to pursue -- but the two kide draw weapon and freeze everyone in the store . axel alright , alright , alright -- everybody be cool and stay exactly where you be . chopper hustle up to the counter and relieve skank of a gigantic Auto mag . chopper whooooa , cowboy ! cool gun . off skank 's look of total outfox disgust . -- int . t- bird - traveling fast - night vertiginous windshield Pov of onrush street , highspeed . eric ( o.s. ) faster , t- Bird . faster . you be a hell of a wheelman ; you know you can drive faster . angle - eric and t-bird Eric now hold t- Bird 's own gun on he . eye lock on t-bird . t- Bird 's jump between Eric 's nightmare visage and the roadway . t-bird you call it , blood -- you get the gun . you just tell I where you want to go . clearly t- Bird would relish bisect Eric with a meat cleaver as he say this . he 's nervous and need to hold the road . eric that 's good . we be go someplace you have never be before . ext . STREET - high angle on t- bird - night as the car burn up the obstacle course of pavement , kick wake of litter . pedestrian scurry to clear the way . int . police cruiser - night park in a alley , face the street . two cop work on large styro cup of steaming coffee . mj ( driver ) and speeg . mj smell like rain . speeg smell like a septic tank . you get that cream stuff ? mj in the bag . speeg rummages inside the takeout bag . speeg I hate this cream stuff . they can not even call it cream , legally . they snap to as the t- Bird blaze past , do ninety . mj what in the crap ? mj floor the pedal , drench speeg in coffee on takeoff . speeg ow ! owowoowowoowo , goddammit ! ext . STREET - on alley - night as the cruiser roar out to give chase . int . t- bird - travelling fast - night Eric lend the chase car a backward look . eric you catch one . drive faster . t-bird man , you gonna get we kill dead and I do not even know what you want ! Eric cock t_bird 's pistol and level it at he face . eric I want you to stop talk . and drive . drive faster . Eric rifle the glove box , toss item out the window : clip for the gun . sunglass . a giant dildo ( brief eyebrow - up to T - Bird ) . then : a roll of ( previously establish ) gaffer 's tape . what Eric need . angle - t-bird and rearview mirror as he see a second cop car join the high speed pursuit , eric ( cont 'd ) you be very popular . think you could handle this thing . t- Bird macho calcify . he 's go to win . t-bird to hell with you . eric ( wry ) naturally . insert - speedometer climb swiftly toward the 100 mark . ext . CITY street - various angle - the chase - night a 3 - way pursuit until the t- Bird reach the outskirt of the city . ext . dockside STREET - night all quiet ... until the t- Bird zoom past frame . the lead cop try to duplicate the T - Bird 's corner - cut and start spin . it clip a light pole . rebounds into the path of mj 's unit . int . police cruiser - on speeg and mj - traveling - night as mj stand on the brake . collision imminent . they howl . ext . dockside STREET - night as mj 's unit broadside the first cop car . ext . detroit river shipyard - night the t-bird careen through dockside silence , alone , then fishtail , screeching , to a lung - compress halt . int . t- bird - on eric and t- bird - night t-bird respirate like a jackhammer . Eric hold stoic . t-bird so what -- you gonna rape I now ? eric time for you reward , T. payback with interest earn . Eric rip a long strip of tape from the roll . ext . detroit river shipyard - night a high angle of the car as Eric open the trunk . eric be Pov - the trunk . load with plastique , canister , timer , arson paraphernalia . int . t- bird - favor t- bird - night slow tilt start with t- Bird 's foot , firmly tape to the pedal . mummify into he seat . hand tape to the wheel . Throat tape hard against the headrest . the car be now in gear , idling . angle - on eric from window he drop a incendiary right into t- Bird 's lap . t- Bird squirm . no go . Eric reach in with a bungie cord . eric a little restrictive ? good. ( chill ) you hold she down and rape she . you be the first . she burn while you be inside of she . ( be : bomb ) what 's the lag on this ? about twenty second , would you say ? t-bird thrashes , but he 's immobilize . can not even budge the wheel . eric ( cont 'd ) I have comrade in hell , t-bird . give they my best . Eric activate the timer . yank up hard on the bungie cord . insert : t-bird footwell the bungie cord pull t- Bird 's foot all the way down on the pedal . angle - on car , from dockside Eric step back , pluck the guitar out as the car start to move . the car roar for the edge of the dock , about a distance of a football field . Eric examine t-bird 's auto pistol and pop the clip . intercut : as the car speed for the water 's edge , Eric thumb bullet from the clip , one by one . int . t- bird - traveling fast - night t-bird 's eye bug in horror and he go mmmmmmmmhhh ! close - up - the clip in eric' hand thumbing out the final bullet . ext . detroit river shipyard - resuming eric - night eric all go . angle - t-bird reach dockside lift off and blow all to hell , a billion smithereen of phosphorescent fir patter into the dark water . it hit . sink . weird flare glow as the car quickly submerges . angle - eric heaving the gun into the distant water . plosh . he produce t- Bird 's accelerator . squirt it into the ground . he prestidigitate and t- Bird 's Zippo appear in he hand . he flick it and drop it into the flammable puddle . high long shot - eric walk slowly out of the scene as the firepool coalesc into a burn crow shape . int . darla' apartment - dawn close - up of a fry pan busy burn some pretty firebombed look egg . kind gross . angle - darla at the stove . not thrilled with her own progress . darla I never be too good at this domestic shit . angle - elly at live room window stare outside at nothing in particular . yet . elly do not say " shit " . ( beat ) that 's okay . corn flake be okay . anything . she pause as she hear a lilt , faraway guitar strain . across the street she can make out the figure of Eric on he roof play the guitar . ext . roof of loft build dawn extreme close of a pignose amp . more soft guitar stroke as camera follows a patchwork a tape - together , jerry - rig cable to : angle - eric on roof -- shirtless , crosslegge , he crow make - up streak by the night 's work . his finger be unsure and he try the tune again . insert - we she shelly 's engagement ring on a leather thong around Eric 's neck . like a amulet . angle - eric playing he 's get it right this time . strong , sure chord . passionate . we can almost imagine he conjure shelly via musical sorcery . he hold a stroke , let it ring . Sun rise behind he . irate voice ( o.s. ) hey , shut the fuck up ! Eric 's eye , close with the moment , dart leave . funny . ext . maxi - dog - day later . elly be seat on a stool .. mickey give she a chili dog . mickey chili dog for breakfast ... it 's original . elly Mom try to cook . mickey oh. customer ( o.s. ) hey , mickey , I need a special with everything . no sawdust . mickey ( to elly ) everyone 's a comedian . enjoy . mickey exit frame . grange ( o.s. ) you be elly , right ? I know you mom . elly turn . grange sit next to she . Lao 's mirrore - window car be park across the street , b.g. elly a lot of people " know " my mom . grange point o.s. , indicate he want coffee from mickey . grange I know you friend , too -- the one that look like a rock star . elly I do not know you . grange ( easily ) I would like to get in touch with he . elly size grange up . elly you be not a cop , either . what do you want he for ? grange I be look for a good guitar man . elly right . grange withdraw a $ 10 bill from he wallet and slide it across the countertop to mickey . elly ( cont 'd ) you buy ? ( cut he some slack ) he kinda wander around . you will see he if you pay attention . grange I need to find he kind of soon , elly . int . loft - on eric - day no shirt , the ring on the thong around he neck -- workout mode . he twirl and perform odd crow move of increase complexity in the big open live room . on purpose , he stretch hard against the bedroom doorframe . flash : shelly stand in the blue moonlight near the picture window wear a rococo victorian gown . push in tight as she be embrace by a nude Eric . he undoe the last few remain tie that hold the gown in place . follow the gown as it crumple down the length of shelly 's ( also otherwise nude ) body to the floor ... flash end . low angel - from inside the bedroom - on eric hang there , invite the pain the flash bring . breathe as though he be pump iron , pump up . angle - later - eric in bedroom embrace a rag full - length dress that use to be shelly 's . flash : Eric and shelly ( wear the same dress ) , exchange a extremely passionate and intimate kiss in the moonlight . flash end . angle - resuming eric as he drop the dress . absorb the pain and memory . angle - later - eric in live room execute a complex roll that wind he up at the windowsill . he grasp it with both hand . flash : a series of close shot of Eric and shelly 's hand , each move along the other 's body . curve and dip and contour . but Eric 's gaze never leave shelly 's eye . flash end . angle - resuming eric at window his gaze similarly fix . bring he hand away and clap they together , deep breath , fingertip press to he face , like kung fu prep . when he open he eye , the crow be there before he on the sill . eric that 's better . he wipe he torso down with a towel . eric ( cont 'd ) it 's almost time . he hold he hand in front of he face and he flexe it . we can hear tendon crackle like a harness . close it into a powerful fist . int . top dollar' lair - night tight on skank as he slam he fist down on the table . he have a black eye and facial scuff from he liquor store encounter . skank top , I make the sumbitch ! face all paint white like some kinda fuckin ' kabuki homo ! wide angle to include all present : Lao , grange , Lao Guards # 1 and # 2 , top dollar , and a sentry . top dust up a line and rinse he nostril with brandy . lao sound like we " crow " be out - maneuver you . top dollar " we " crow ...? lao come now . you have see the graffiti -- all over the city in the few hor it have take you man to drop like plague victim . what about you turf , top ? ( mockingly ) you do not seem to have rip out anyone 's heart yet . top dollar ( piss off ) the night be young . skank ( hot ) the find t-bird flash - fry to what be leave of he fuck car ! top be angry too , but will not show it to Lao . he rise and go to the window . neon glow . top see something outside , below , that really torque he off . ext . STREET outside showtime - night ( top' Pov ) a phantom graffiti artist be spray-paint a crow shape on the condemn building right across the street . int . top dollar' lair - night top whip -draw a auto pistol and shoot below . top dollar hey , you little fuckweed ! that 's against the law ! his gun smoking . momentary empowerment . top dollar ( cont 'd ) I do not give a shit what kinda bird this guy be . ext . window - night as top turn from the window , pull back to incorporate the chunky shadow where the light do not fall . Eric be there , perch on the narrow exterior ledge ... but we do not know it until he open he eye , two dot of white in the blackness . int . top dollar' lair - night lao at table -- angere by this macho horseshit , annoyed at he time be fritter . lao I be sit over here . he slam a palm on the table and the room go silent . top look sheepish . lao ( cont 'd ) do you think this childish machismo impress I ? ( regains composure ) when I be a boy in saigon I watch my country change one block at a time , one building at a time . Whole life erase . a way of life , pollute . today , no one force I to move . I use my power to change you country , one block at a time , one building at a time . top dollar Nice speech . what 's it suppose to mean ? lao you comprehension be not require . you cooperation and , indeed , you ability be the issue on the table . top rally to this . top dollar whatever you say , I can do . skank look around , nervous and jumpy , a contradiction to top 's guarantee . lao that 's reassure . close - up - top' shell casing in eric' hand from the ledge . endstamp be for a .45 caliber . angle - eric on ledge he sniff the cartridge . we can see funboy 's cartridge in he hair . he fist the shell case tightly . angle - down - table , at skank jittery , grab a clip for he own automatic . skank what be that -- !? it be not anything . skank load , stand and jack the action on he gun . Lao look questioningly to top dollar . top dollar too many popper , skank . relax . heel . angle - window behind top dollar a black blur as Eric arch through , spilling top . angle - men seated at table Eric back flip the length of the table and kick the gun from skank 's hand . all react . weapon out . close - up - skankss gun spin mid-air to land in Eric 's open hand ! general angle - big moby shootout - ( various ) death clean house . stand on the table , Eric fire rearward under he own arm to clip Lao Guard # 1 . he pivot , shoot , and take out Lao Guard # 2 -- who slam backward into the steel door as it be open by the sentry outside . crash ! the door be shut again . angle - grange and lao grange spray the room with a calico 950 Auto , shove Lao beneath the table for cover . angle - eric bullet hit he and demolish everything behind he . skank hit the deck again . Eric fire and Lao Guard # 1 suck three hit across the chest , fire convulsively against the ceiling , blow the light . angle - top dollar spring up from behind table . but Eric be go from the field of fire and one shot strike skank , rise at the far end . angle - lao and grange make for the door , grange as shield . Lao draw a pistol . the door open and Lao shoot a sentry to clear he out of the way . angle - tighter on lao a last look back toward Eric and grange hustle Lao out . door slam o.s. top be out of ammo as Eric land from above frame right in front of he and slap the gun from he hand . top dollar ( awed but maintain ) you want my attention , man you get it . angle - skank under table wound but claw toward Eric just the same . skank it 's he , top ! he dust t- Bird ! angle - eric and top dollar , face-to-face eric you have to be skank . ( to top dollar ) one moment . as he speak , widen frame as he turn and grab the income skank by the hair . eric thank of a snappy comeback for I on you way down . without a beat he pitch skank right out the window ! skank howl all the way down . ext . STREET - on police car - night damage from the wreck , limping home , pilote by we pal speeg and mj . skank smashes down into the roof , implode the flashbar and windshield . mj drench he lap in fresh coffee . mj owwwaahhh son of a bitch ! angle - sidewalk across the STREET - on albrecht who watch with slow marvel from the shadow albrecht Jesus Christ ... he run to assist the demolish cruiser . int . top dollar be lair - resuming - night just top , Eric , corpse , and lazily drift gunsmoke . eric top dollar , you be the only one here still waste good air ... top dollar five large , in the drawer right over there . I never see you . eric do you know what you destroy ? top dollar take the dope , too . Eric backhand top into the wall . get in he face , seethe . eric a year ago . a very nice lady circulate a petition . she die . last Halloween . answer yes or no . top dollar that 's ancient history . eric it 's yesterday ! do you know what you destroy ? top dollar yell right back at Eric 's anger . top dollar who give a fuck ! I be a businessman . you gonna do I , then do I and shut you be face ! eric you do not even remember ... top dollar I never forget anything , dickhead . that building be a sweep - and - clear ; the bitch be a nuisance with she goddamn petition . it get a little rowdy ... end of story . eric rowdy . let I fill in some gap for you . and he grab top 's head the way he grab albrecht 's earlier , slam top into the wall . nose -to-nose . flash : shelly back away from oncoming funboy in the loft , try to retreat , nowhere to run , she home invade , scared . flash end . angle - top dollar and eric top be quivering , almost helpless in Eric 's hypnotic grasp . Eric wince , hard , and -- flash : shelly cut , bleed , struggle against t- Bird . Wild . flash end . angle - resuming top dollar and eric viciously close , more intimate and lethal than anything . eric you be a detail man , top -- you need to see more . this time top try to twist from Eric 's grasp but it 's no good . flash : shelly , comatose in icu , eye fix and stare , hose darting in and out , cold blue refrigerator light . bloody , bruise and break ( from albrecht ; 's memory ) flash end . close - up - top dollar arching , stiffening in pain . close - up - top dollar and eric eric all of she pain , top . thirty hour . all at once ... Eric bear down on top dollar again . top scream . blood begin to leak from he eye , nose , ear . eric ( cont 'd ) ... all for you . flash : rapidfire close -up . a jag compound fracture , jutting , shelly 's eye , blood -re sclera , purple and sink . her scrape - raw hand claw at air . icebox lighting . a tight shot of she monitor go flatline : eeeeeeeeeeeeee ... two - shot - resuming eric and top dollar . as top sag in Eric 's grasp , terror fix he wide - stare dead eye . Eric let he drop like a laundry sack . eric I do not think you could handle it either . o.s. bang of impact , heavy against the steel door . Eric turn . angle - steel door as it be batter down by a squad of police use a power-ram . all weapon snap up to bear on Eric . lead swat that 's all she write , bozo ! you stand down now , and that 's a order ! angle - eric as he move use he foot to shove the massive conference table at the income swat while launching himself into the air , flipping toward the window and arching through cleanly as the cop open fire on command . bullet tear the room to piece . lead swat the fire escape 's cover . ext . showtime - front FIRE escape - night pick up Eric on he dive through the window , bullet chase he . immediate police fire from below spark off the ironwork . Eric duck slug balletically and scamper to the roof . angle - showtime rooftop edge Eric somersault over . bullet chip brick in he wake . STREET level - up angle toward roof . showtime gird police car and marksmen , Eric a distant shadow figure above . here come a team leader with a bullhorn . team leader ( filter ) on the roof ! keep fire ! keep fire ! a fury of law enforcement ordnance cut loose all around he . resuming eric on showtime roof edge a forearm up against the fusillade . below he -- angle - pit front FIRE escape here come lead swat and he merry men . moving angle - with eric - adjacent rooftop Eric run for it . half a story higher . he hit the wall and skitter up , grip tiny crack in the brickwork . angle - resuming men on front showtime FIRE escape . lead swat hesitates -- because of what he see . lead swat Holy shit , it 's spiderman . he try to pull a bead and fire too late . lead swat ( cont 'd ) what be you boy scout stare at ! let 's go! let 's go ! let 's go ! moving angle - picking up eric on next roof he sprint to the far edge and dive to the next lower rooftop . as he land he be nail by a helicopter spotlight , boring in from behind and above the row of building . moving angle - the STREET below cop below , cop in the chopper , everyone rush parallel to Eric , try to keep up . eric be Pov - the STREET , the helicopter pan quick to the next ledge . cop right behind he on the roof as well . with eric - as he run to the edge . and find a void wait there . no connect building . another moving angle - eric stay ahead of the search light . a fantastic series of artful move that wind he up at the rear edge of the roof . angle - swat men on next roof sighting Eric as the light pick he out . Eric glance at they ... then jump . chopper pilot ( o.s. / filter ) he 's off the roof . we can not see he . close - up - lead swat pull he weapon off target , because there be not target . lead swat dammit to hell ! ( beat ; to man ) come on . angle - alley - STREET level Eric land like a fall safe , scatter garbage . but he 's okay , up and run . angle - eric' running Pov - end of alley as he escape be cut off by a police car that screech to a stop , block the exit . another angle - eric as he backpedal , scan for a alternate escape . albrecht ( from car ) come on ! closer angle - police car we can see albrecht . Eric dive inside and the car burn rubber . int . albrecht' car - travelling - night albrecht harry and frantic , but in control . albrecht keep you head down ! he twist and turn the car , glance rearward for pursuit . gradually he calm down . albrecht ( cont 'd ) I figure you might need a ride home . Eric look up at he from he half - conceal crouch . eric it 's do . albrecht I figure as much . do you cap off funboy . eric funboy have to leave this mortal coil . albrecht yeah , among other . ( see Eric 's condition ) hey , man -- you be hit . eric it 's only a flesh wound . albrecht it 's only fourteen or fifteen flesh wound . Eric sit up as the car gain distance . grab the cigarette out of albrecht 's mouth . take he single puff . eric you should not smoke this . he pitch the smoke out the open car window . albrecht great . litterbug of the live Dead . Eric turn back to albrecht . eric I be finish . Eric shoot he a doubtful look . eric ( cont 'd ) I mean , I have do what I come to do . it should not hurt this much . but it will pass ... albrecht ( not buy it ) right. ( beat ) you sure I can not just take you to the emergency ward ? ext . STREET - night - on albrecht' car it hang a turn and they escape be make . eric ( o.s. ) they could not do anything for I . albrecht ( o.s. ) how ' bout the morgue ? eric ( o.s. ) no . I have one more thing to do . ext . STREET - another part of the CITY - night lonelier , less traffic , more desert . angle - on albrecht and eric through windshield - travelling albrecht you be gonna kill somebody else . ( beat ; no response ) we be gonna stop and get a shit - load of Band - aids ? Eric be obviously fight to stay center , stay conscious . his last fight have cause he a great deal of damage , take a lot out of he . he need to recharge . eric I have to prepare for a anniversary . this come night . hold on they two kind of determination . as we dissolve to : ext . cityscape - day High blue sky . it might even be pretty if it be not Detroit . int . lao' club office - day the tv flybank pulse with videotape image of Club trash 's of various performer -- include diabolique . on several screen , one - by-one , various image of a guitar- play Eric draven freeze-frame as we pull back to the desk . Lao have the 8x10 from the corridor gallery . he place it within eyeshot and resume work on the desk below frame ; we can not see it yet , among other scattered research and inconcubula . angle - grange enter and crossing to the desk . as he come up to the desk , he draw back . grange what ... the hell be that ? lao ( calmly ) this be a cobra , Mr. grange . yes , it be real . new angle - lao and grange revealing Lao with a seal cage , hold a large , live cobra in he hand . the kill blade be nearby . grange that thing be poisonous . lao extremely so. ( beat ) you and I be the recipient of unwanted good fortune , in the form of a man everyone be call the crow . grange make a face . can not keep he eye off the cobra . grange give I a break . that guy 's a wacko ... lao I intend no slight to you , but I cannot find the English to adequately express just what he be . I suppose western mythology would describe he as a fury . grange not a plymouth fury , I bet . Lao chuckle indulgently . lao do you know of spirit assassin ? you do know the dead can rise ? properly motivate , of course . grange like some sort of zombie on a revenge trip . lao mmm . but tonight I can take what be he . grange only thing you will get from that clown be a faster way to die . lao to the contrary ... zzlip ! Lao smoothly behead the snake with the blade against the stone surface of the desk and discard the writhe body . he squeeze behind one of the eye and a venom sac protrude like a dark pimento . lao pull it free of the milky , cling tissue and eat it . off grange 's stunne expression . lao ( cont 'd ) ... all the die tonight will be do by the former Eric draven . Lao exhibit the blade to grange as though it explain all . lao ( cont 'd ) who be only invulnerable so long as he care about the dead . when he begin to care about the live , you will find he heart can bleed ... and I want it to bleed for I . grange kill a dead guy ? Lao pop the second venom sac ; swallow it . please . lao truly kill he . so I may crush he skull and smoke it . Lao shrug . grange can handle it . lao ( cont 'd ) let it suffice that I need he ... and to get to he , we will need he little friend . finally , a assignment grange can comfortable understand . int . loft - day Eric , barechest , emotionally tapped , clean of makeup and blood but exhaust , he movement retarded and slack . stare fixedly into the fireplace , where he burn everything he could find of he past : the junk from the makeup table , the masque , photo of himself and shelly . int . loft - stairwell - day move with elly as she near the open loft door . she peek cautiously inside . resume eric without look toward the door , he speak . elly what 's go on ...? eric a remembrance . ( beat ) a closure . and Eric consign to the fire the dress we see earlier . hold a photograph in a break frame . crack glass . subject : Eric and shelly , goof for the camera . he chuck it into the fire . draw a deep breath . eric better now . I feel good . how be you , elly , my friend ? elly be clearly uncomfortable , grop for a excuse just to see Eric . Eric be stare at she , intently . eric what be it ? elly I know . I know I know you . even with the makeup and stuff you wear . ( beat ) you really love she , do not you ? close - up - fireplace the photo burn and blacken in the grate . eric you bring flower . as long as you do not forget she , elly , she life . elly ( upset ) she 's dead . she 's go . and now you be just gonna go away and never come back , too . I hate this place ; it be not fair . eric elly ... he draw she close . wipe away a errant tear with he thumb . eric ( cont 'd ) sometimes the people we care about be go , for no reason . sometimes that 's really tough . I cry . but if the people we love be go , we keep they -- he tap elly 's temple , then he win . eric ( cont 'd ) -- right here . it 's a big responsibility . and that make it okay to mourn . ( beat ) I know that if you be not here , I would be very sad . elly give Eric a hug . elly you look funny without you white face on . like it 's you day off or something . he quizzical expression amuse he . eric somebody here want to meet you . Gabriel ? Gabriel the cat have wander near the fireplace to join they . elly be immediately smitten . happy . elly I remember he ! here , Gabriel ... here kitty ... Gabriel ... be he still yours ? eric I think he 's yours , now . the cat seem to like that idea . elly wrap he hugely up in she arm , talk to he : " how're you , Gabriel , whatcha doin ' " another angle - tighter on eric while elly be preoccupy with the cat , Eric give up he last bit of shelly to the fire - a portrait photo of she , small and crease . he put it in the fire , watch it burn for a beat , then turn to elly . eric ( cont 'd ) I have something else for you . back focus as Eric lift off he neck shelly 's ring for elly 's inspection . the ring twirl large in f.g . elly nobody ever give I something like that before . ever . Eric place it around she neck . elly beam . eric shelly would have want you to have it . this way , you will think of she every time you see it ... elly and she will be alive . up here . elly tap she own temple with a smile , keep one hand on the ring . CUT to : ext . STREET - day blow wind . trick-or-treaters wisp past . ghost , witch , demon out for Halloween . angle - cemetery fence walk home with Gabriel zipped up inside she coat be elly . a fire engine wail past in the opposite direction . angle - elly on brownstone step strictly downscale building . elly to Gabriel " elly you be gonna like it here . a car curb across the street as she enter the building . angle - push in on car as the window crank down to reveal grange at the wheel . int . darla' apartment - day Darla nervously smoking , do she best to stay clean , but jittery . elly enter the shabby live room with Gabriel in she arm . darla I be wonderin ' where you would get to -- ( she see Gabriel ) oh , elly , honey , a cat . here ? elly he be a present . besides , we be move anyway . you say . darla we will discuss this later . obviously . you leave the door open . darla point . as elly go to close the door it open . new angle - favor the door grange enter accompany by two asian martial art strongarm ( Lao Guards # 3 &amp ; # 4 ) . grange look around , bemuse , he manner avuncular . grange hi , elly . remember I ? elly 's surprise be evident . Darla be just plain piss off . darla I do not remember you . and I do not remember invite ... grange ( to he men ) if she open she face again , shoot she in the head . angle - darla mouth stalling in the on position as Lao Guard # 3 pull a gigantic gun , draw and cock . elly ( panicked ) Mom -- ! angle - guard # 4 and elly as he scoops she up , captive . angle - grange and gabriel he stroll the circuit of the room , stop near the window . grange you should listen to you mother . she say no cat . grange pitch Gabriel right out the window . elly Gabriel ! grange pull out a compact Polaroid camera . grange now that 's the expression I want . angle - elly and guard # 4 as she struggle mightily , to no avail , as grange move in to snap he shot . grange ( cont 'd ) say cheese . he snap . on the sx-70 whirr and flash white - out , we -- ext . loft build rooftop - sunset Dark cloud have gather to highlight the sunset . Eric play the guitar - loud , the shelly theme in a major key . where before it be wander , uncertain , now it 's bold and heartbreaking . definitive . pain replace by strength and a sense of homecome . as Eric get to the end of it , the note be fly out ... at the climax , rip the guitar up over he head and bring it down -- smash -- on the pignose . he 's finish here . roof edge - from STREET as the break guitar sail out over the building edge . int . loft build stairwell - dusk as Eric come down the stair . notice the open door . int . loft - dusk he enter , cautiously , to find a envelope lay in the middle of the floor . he open it . insert - the polaroid of elly with a note . up angle at eric reading the note - from floor the crow fly past behind he as he expression harden . new angle - a moment later - fast and hard Eric brutally crisscross he arm with black vinyl tape . angle - eric dressing pull on black night - fight clothes , skintight . angle - the vanity as Eric ( see in mirror ) jab he finger into the white makeup and smear it on . smash CUT to : ext . STREET near cemetery - night Eric march along in plain view since everyone around he seem to be in costume . the wind whip he coat . kide bustle around he with trick - or-treat bag . the crow perch on he shoulder . eric be Pov - CITY skyline somewhere , a few block over , a building be burn . angle - eric walking a fire engine race past on the street . he step out in its wake and cross over to -- medium moving shot - the cemetery wait for he as he cross to the fence . Beyond the fence , in the distance , the church loom . angle - eric he pause . a kid in a creature from the Black lagoon mask come , pass Eric , then come back for a touch . creature kid trick or treat ! Eric smile . not tonight . ext . cemetery - night Eric be stand over the grave of shelly webster , look down . he hold for a moment then move on . ext . church - night Eric ascend toward giant oak door , tre gothique . the crow flap past , lead he . new angle - top of step -- where wait the Skull cowboy . as Eric approach , the Skull cowboy interpose himself between Eric and the huge double door . Eric glare up , defiant . move up the step . the Skull cowboy extend a skeletal hand . stop . skull cowboy stop screwing around . tight on eric angry , ready to battle : you talk to I ? skull cowboy ( cont 'd ) you job be do . you interfere with the live again . eric tell I I will get hurt . that I might die . ( beat ) I have already do that . I do not need anyone 's help . your include . stair angle - eric and skull cowboy Eric lower , Skull cowboy superior , the storm wild around they . skull cowboy do this thing and you will be vulnerable . the blood will not return . ( beat ) no power . no reunion . nothing . eric Fine with I . he advance a step up ; the Skull cowboy hold fast . skull cowboy you will be alone . eric I be already alone . int . bell tower - night through a castle keep - like slit , grange monitor Eric 's arrival . he speak into a headset . grange we have get company . lao ( o.s. / filter ) be he inside ? grange's Pov - eric Eric talk to dead air . almost argue with it . eerie . resume grange as he talk into he mike he heft a nightscope , laser - sighted sniper 's rifle . grange he 's just out front talk to himself . you tell I . ext . church - resuming eric on step - night Eric , eye steely , stare down the Skull cowboy . eric do not waste my time . skull cowboy very well , it 's you ass . and the wind kick up around they both , powerfully . angle - skull cowboy ( effect ) as the force of the storm dust - devil around he and begin to disassemble he . the fire in he eye socket go out . his hat fly off a be pulverize by the wind . the garment begin to disintegrate and blow around , rotten cerement fall apart in mid-air . angle - eric on step -- transfix by this unexpected development . a shard of the Skull cowboy blow past Eric 's face and transmute to dust ! resume skull cowboy at top of step ( effect ) transparent , ancient bone , crumble and blow away . another angle - eric on step as Eric lunge for what 's leave of he mysterious , smart - ass mentor close - up - eric' lunging hand meeting only a swirl of vaporous dust where the Skull cowboy 's heart would have be . tight angle - eric on step he have time to register the dust in he palm before it , too , render down to nothingness , leave a vague green glow that die . and as he look to the sky -- up angle - the crow flap down to land on Eric 's shoulder . Eric be astonished . eric but why be you still here ? close - up - the crow no answer in the crow 's eye . resume and follow eric that 's good enough for Eric . he march to the double door and shove they back . int . church - as eric come through the door - night the high breeze blow in with he , disturbing dust in the disus gothic dark . hollow cathedral echoes to sound . a giant 27 " tv position on the alter , broadcasting static . long shot - eric as he approach the alter - ( " crowvision " ) leery of potential danger from a thousand dark place . angle - the tv - as eric enter frame onscreen : elly , gag with duct tape and handcuff to a iron ring bolt to a flagstone wall . could be anywhere inside the church . lao ( o.s. / filter ) I believe we friend elly call you mister crow . ( beat ) please acknowledge ; the mike will pick you up . eric I can see she . lao of course you can . angle - grange in the gallery -- in darkness . the run light on he night -scope , laser - sighted sniper 's rifle which throws vague spray of eerie red and green light . lao ( cont 'd ; o.s. / filter ) do not permit you rage to cloud the issue . I believe in barter . I propose a simple trade . grange sight he weapon . crosshair Pov - eric at the alter blure as grange resight . Eric be not the target . blur find the crow at the far end of the nave , perch in front of a giant stain glass window . new angle - grange -- squeezing off two quick , silenced shot . angle - stained glass window -- the first shot blow a hole in some pastoral religious presentation . tinkle of glass . angle - eric -- spin at the quiet !pfut ! sound , to witness . angle - incoming dart - ( " crowvision " ) spin and hiss venomously . angle - eric duck as before , but the crow be not as fast . tight angle - the crow as it catch the dart and go down in a flurry of feather . low angle - eric at alter - include tv his knee buckle . sympathetic pain from the hit . lao ( o.s. / filter ) you intend to finish this evening in the cemetery . I be here to help you on you way . angle - resuming grange in gallery swap he tranquilizer gun for a more lethal rifle , similarly scope . he sight the fall Eric in a spray of green light . high angle - hand held - eric at alter groping for support to drag himself back to stand . grange ( o.s. ) I have get he if you want he . lao ( o.s. / filter ) no shoot . grange ( into headset ) move in , guy . high angle - the sanctuary -- as Lao Guards # 3 and # 4 move into light , close on Eric 's position in the center of isle . both wield calico 's and one bear a sword . close angle - alter -- Lao make he entrance from shadow wear a brisk pugilist get - up , a practical fight outfit . make a show of draw the kill blade . lao I wish to possess what you have now . eric I want the girl . unharm . now . lao I know . that be why I will prevail . Mr. grange ... ? Eric cramp up , clutching he throat in obvious pain . angle - grange at stained glass window holding the crow by the neck , tightly . he pluck the tranq dart from the its body . angle - resuming eric as lao move in closer crash to one knee , invisibly bludgeon , struggle to breathe . Lao have no fear , walk around the stricken Eric . lao sooner or later , my action be destine to bring I a genuine fury . and it turn out to be you . at last . I appreciate you ability as few mortal can . that 's why I desire they . eric you be too late . there be a guy outside - on the stair - you really need to talk to . but he turn to dust and blow away . ( beat , gasp ) I do not have any power for you to take . lao I do not believe that . Lao motion to grange with the kill blade . grange relaxes he deathgrip on the crow . move in close on Eric so we may perceive a palpable degree of relief . lao ( cont 'd ) time for you to die for I . ( beat ) funny , how the dead can still bleed . how they need air . Eric immobilized as Lao draw back the blade . to grange : lao ( cont 'd ) break its neck . angle - resuming grange at window as he prepare to do dirty on the bird . over he shoulder , we push in to the bullethole from the first dart until we be in tight close - up of a eye watch through the hole . ext . church - obverse of window - night albrecht dig through a sling bag of weaponry , try to simultaneously monitor the peephole , mutter sotto to himself . albrecht have to go get yourself hip - deep in shit , do not you , my friend . it begin to rain . albrecht glance resentfully toward the sky . albrecht ( cont 'd ) give it a rest , huh ? a heft a machinegun , clipped over and under . cut loose on full auto into the madonna on the window . int . church nave - night as the window explode toward grange and he suck big hit from behind , dropping the crow . the bird hit the ground , flap weakly . lao guard # 3 &amp ; # 4 exchange a look and whip up they calico , returning FIRE . ext . church - night albrecht take cover as a lot of religious stuff be noisily destroy all around he position . chunks of the window continue to disintegrate . int . church alter ( night ) Eric tuck - and-roll out of the way as we go close on Lao , scream . lao I say no shoot ! then he 's ducking bullet himself as albrecht step in through the blow out window , the machine gun stutter on slug . the sanctuary come apart around Lao . he retreat to the alter and exit whence he come . tight on pew -- eric dive just as Guard # 4 come after he with the sword , which chomp into the wood and get stick there . Guard # 4 release it and cross draw he calico as eric spring back into the frame -- straight up . tight on guard # 4 as Eric 's lancing foot propel he backward before he can fire . intercut -- albrecht and guard # 3 scramble to reload . Guard change magazine ; albrecht swap clip . angle - down length of pew -- Guard # 4 slide . sit up with he gun as Eric , down - pew , grab the sword . angle - albrecht at window fire now with a gun in each hand . resume eric and guard # 4 , who eat it from albrecht 's gunfire , but not before he put a round through Eric . Eric stagger back from the impact but keep he foot . resume albrecht as he toss away the dry pistol . his machine gun jam , he fight to get the clip . angle - guard # 3 -- reload and rise , have catch albrecht dead - bang in the open by the window . moving angle - with eric -- a complex leap with the sword flash . he land near Guard # 3 and slashes upward , blade up . close - up - guard # 3 -- scream in pain , gape down o.s. tight on albrecht - look up , follow the trajectory of something airborne toward he . close - up - guard # 3's calico spin mid-air with Guard # 3 hand still attach , severe mid-forearm by Eric 's devastating strike . angle - albrecht drop Guard # 3 -- to reveal Eric in the background . Eric salute albrecht with the tip of the sword . with albrecht as he move into the nave , which have be tear apart by gunfire . hazy smoke . two dead guy . and Eric . albrecht you sorta look like you might need my help . eric this be not you place . this be not you fight . and I do not need you help . albrecht you be welcome . eric leave here . do not do this . I do not want you here . albrecht the hell you say . this be not just about you any more . Eric stare dead - on at albrecht , acidly , then break the Guard 's sword , drop the piece and turn he back on albrecht , who pursue Eric to : int . spiral staircase - to bell tower - night the crow flap upward through the void . Eric grab the thick bellrope , testing it . a final look to albrecht . eric do not interfere . albrecht you be bleed , man . you can not make it . Eric shinny up the bellrope , ignore albrecht . on albrecht watch as Eric dissappear from view , fast .. grumble . albrecht you will not mind if I just take the stair , then , smartass ... he heft he arsenal bag of hardware and begin to plod up the step . angle - moving with eric on the rope -- a weird perspective of speed climb . Zip ! all the way to the top . ext - church roof - night slant , shingle , slippery , dark . lightn deep in the turbid cloud . the crow circle as Eric rise into frame . eric here I be . downframe lightning strike the ornate lightning rod ( large , victorian , lance - like ) at the far end of the roof from the bell tower . silhouetting Lao and elly stand in front of it . elly flinch at the strike . lao can you fly , crow man ? int . belltower spiral stair - resuming albrecht he stop he ascent to light a cigarette . albrecht I be not cut out for this superhero shit . ext . church roof - resuming lao - night Lao snap elly 's free handcuff to the dimly glow lightning rod and advance , one foot on either side of the peak of the roof , he blade brandish . close moving shot - eric -- hand up to grapple , but weaponless . he spider to meet Lao , suddenly picking up speed and running along the precarious peak . Lao see he come , brace to strike , but Eric execute a broad flying leap right over Lao 's head . eric land , slip , sprawl sideways , cling to the peak of the roof . Lao hurry in to slash with the blade , as Eric avert . the steel ring . Eric convert he dodge into a low spin kick that dump Lao . Eric spread -eagles to keep from fall . distantly , Lao similarly save himself . new angle -- the fight -- here come Lao , crabbing back toward the peak . Eric roll to elly 's position , grab the lightning rod and try to wrest it loose . sizzle of flesh as Eric 's hand be scorched : the metal be still blue-hot . moving with lao as Eric battle to free the lightning rod . Lao close up distance , give a warcry and prepare to swing as - Eric wrench the rod loose and turn to deflect Lao 's blow . the weapon spark as they meet ... and there go elly , she handcuff freed , sliding down the roof slope . angle -- roof slope -- with eric as he dodge Lao by use the lightning rod to vault down to where elly be about to slip off the roof . with the rod embed in the roof , Eric hang on , and elly hang on to Eric . up angle -- lao , a dark figure against the night sky , raise the sword . lao face I ! Eric guide elly to the top of one of the fly buttress . when he look up , Lao be go . angle - bell tower -- albrecht 's head poke up at last . look around , finally spot Eric below and to the leave . yell , serio-comic . albrecht be he dead yet ? insert - albrecht' holster as Lao 's hand draw albrecht 's gun quickly . angle - albrecht and lao -- Lao have blindside albrecht . lao no. you be . he jam the gun into the base of albrecht 's neck and fire three time . close angle - eric - he 's too far away to matter . shock . insert - albrecht' cigarette as it roll down the slope , trail spark , snuffing out . angle - eric hold onto the lightning rod as lightning cut the night above he . angle -- lao at bell tower , triumphant and a bit wild , shout . lao you have cause another death , mister draven ! the girl will die as well -- because of you ! angle - elly on flying buttress the base of a triangle - Lao , Eric , elly . elly you go to hell , you pervert ! resume eric rage over the loss of albrecht . he rise , hurt but mad as hell . glare up toward Lao . eric and how many life have you destroy ? lao I take yours from you . you little girlfriend ? I take hers , too . you meaningless , petty life ? I take it so that tonight you existence might gain a purpose . you be no avenger . you be mine . push in tight on eric . eye alight with hatred for Lao . eric ( to himself ) you be right , I be not a avenger . not any more . as lightning strike , Eric fire he gaze toward the sky . high angle - lao on rooftop - ( " crowvision " ) seeing the crash dive toward Lao through the row 's eye . angle - lao on rooftop as the crow wing down into frame and light on Lao 's head , clawing ! close - up -- the crow on lao' head slashing with its claw . peck out Lao 's eye . with eric -- on the roofslope as he totter but maintain he climb , the crow / Lao upframe b.g. resume lao -- as the crow abandon he . Lao stagger and fall down the roof - toward Eric . slanted angle -- eric and lao -- Eric arrest Lao 's fall , fisting lapel and bring he nose to nose . fury . eric time for a sacrifice . Lao 's face be a hideous bloody mask with black hole where the eye use to be . he smile gruesomely . lao I do not need eye to take what I want from you . he embrace Eric and ram the kill blade deep into Eric 's back ! on eric as he look down to see the blade protrude from he sternum . tight grimace . a lot of pain . eric can you fly ? he pull Lao into a backward roll down the roof , holding he tight . moving angle -- intercut -- eric and lao fall Eric land on he back , force the blade through himself and into Lao . Eric complete the roll and kick Lao off into space , the kill blade still embed in he ! with lao as crash , slide , sprawling down past elly 's position . get to he knee atop the fly buttress . see the blade in he own chest . close - up - elly - she see it all happen . resume lao - a regretful look toward Eric . he plummet off the roof edge . angle - eric slide down roof -- he slow , stop when elly be in frame . he clutches he own chest . regards he own shaking hand , drench in he win blood . glaze . on elly , as she finally get the duct tape off she mouth , try to get to Eric . she flail and cry out . elly do not let I fall ! close - up -- they hand finally meet and grasp tight . ext . cemetery - night ( later ) ( rain ) a low angle tracking shot ( as when we first meet elly ) . Eric 's and elly 's foot pass grave . Eric 's pace be slow , crippled , limping . they stop at a grave where elly bend into frame to steal the flower there . Eric be bloody and out of it . she help he walk . elly now do you get to see she ? shelly , I mean . eric in a better place . I hope . elly you be not gonna come back , be you ? Eric 's response be halting and uncertain . but he try to give she hope . he reach for shelly 's ring around she neck , hold it up to she . eric I do not know if I can . but you have this ... and you know where to come . elly you mean you will , like ' dig you way out of the grave ? euww . Eric be amused by this in spite of he grievous injury . he grasp elly 's face in he hand and bend , painfully , to kiss she on the forehead . eric for you , I will try . promise . move with eric spend , empty , he hold the rise determinedly , but he 's never go to make it the few yard back to he own grave . so close . his leg finally go and he collapse onto the humus . one grop hand try to drag he further . eric leave I now . angle - elly tear on she face . she can not watch this . she turn and drop the flower on shelly 's grave . eric be Pov - he own grave still too far away to matter . resume eric on ground he give it up , he face sink into the wet grass for a beat before shelly hand intrude into frame to grasp he hand . no ethereal glow , no heavenly choir ... just a near-dead Eric 's blank - face astonishment , and he move forward . angle - elly - shelly grave bg she struggle to get she hood up against the rain and roughly wipe the moisture from she face with she sleeve . she turn toward Eric 's grave . then , surprised , she look close . angle - eric' grave Eric be go . the white rise lie neatly on the top of the undisturbed earth there . high angle - cemetery emphasize that elly be now alone in the graveyard . low angle on elly , rose in the foreground -- she walk off . hold the rise . CUT to : int . darla' apartment - day ( overcast ) a grey day but no rain . elly stand wistfully by the window , she doll on standby . the apartment be in order and perhaps we notice a few new item . Gabriel the cat , miraculously alive , be sprawle on a chair , lick himself . Darla bustle into frame b.g . her wardrobe more upscale , she hair do . her manner be hectic but natural . darla worktime , kiddo . first day , new job , gotta go . this do not get the expect smile from elly . darla ( cont 'd ) you sure you be gonna be okay ? elly turn from the window and nods silently . elly's Pov - outside the aforementioned grey day in the city . angle - darla and elly at the window . Darla come up . Arm around elly . cheer up ; he attitude much more connect and loving . push in on elly so we know she be clutching shelly 's ring tightly in she hand . Darla look past elly , out the window . darla at least it finally stop raining . elly it can not rain all the time . Darla kiss elly on the temple and it out the door . elly open she hand to consider the ring . she look back out the window -- angle - the crow on the ledge elly be look right at it . same crow . we be positive . so be elly . it take wing and fly away . ext . cemetery - day a up angle from Eric 's grave toward the tree as the crow fly into frame and perches there , shuck water . push in on the crow . watch . wait . slow fade to dead black . the end