boss by tony Lord & David Cohen April 20th , 2009 fade in : int . hutchinson home - bathroom - morning harvey hutchinson , 44 , confident , full of ambition , and in he underwear , groom himself for work while listen to a motivational podcast through headphone . donald trump ( podcast ) you want to reach the top of the ladder , my friend ? then grab you ball and take no prisoner . it 's kill or be kill ... harvey pose in the mirror like a gunslinger . he quick draw one hand like a pistol , grab he ball with the other , then pull the imaginary trigger . harvey bam ! int . hutchinson home - morning harvey 's dress for success and lookin’ sharp . he approach he son 's bedroom , sniff the air and stop . he hold he nose to block the smell and enter without a knock . int . hutch 's bedroom - continuous a disaster area . dirty clothes and fast food wrapper litter the floor . fhm girl and nascar poster cover the wall . harvey spot the source of the stink in the corner . a moldy , bug infested , burrito supreme . harvey hutch ! I tell you to clean this room and not to leave food - he yank back the blanket . but hutch 's bed be empty . harvey look over to see the family dog , rachael ray , a portly pug , scarfing down the moldy burrito remain . harvey rachael Ray , no ! that 's disgusting . int . hutchinson home - live room - morning harvey come down the stair . his blossoming daughter , nicole hutchinson , 14 , sit on the couch , work on she laptop . harvey Morning , nic . nicole hey . he notice she t-shirt : a billiard rack with '' nice '' in the middle . harvey you leave the house in that shirt , you be ground for life . nicole why ? it just mean I be good at shoot pool . he give she a know look . nicole be you go to help I with my video project for school like you keep promise ? harvey you need to get the vhs tape transfer to you computer like I tell you . she point to she laptop . nicole done . a week ago . like I tell you yesterday . harvey good . we 'il work on it Saturday . nicole yeah , right . and I be bang the jonas Brothers . harvey watch you mouth . from the kitchen come marilyn hutchinson , 42 , attentive mom and real estate agent . she hand harvey a cup of coffee . marilyn Breakfast ? harvey running late . where 's hutch ? marilyn sleep ? harvey he 's not in he room . and I have tell he a dozen time not to leave food in there , it smell like Tijuana . Nicole comment on the transfer video on she computer . nicole Nice hair in the 80x , Mom . you look John mayer . marilyn everyone 's hair be bad in the 80' , nic. ( to harvey ) dinner ? harvey work late . do not wait . marilyn remember we talk about balance ? harvey that 's why I have you . he give she a quick kiss and be out the door . ext . hutchinson home - backyard - morning harvey spot a miller Beer can on the lawn ... and then another , and another . the trail of can lead to the pool where harvey see ... hutch hutchinson , 21 , a soon - to - be college junior disguise as a shaggy mess of a slacker , be passed out on a raft in he clothes from the night before . harvey grab the pool skimmer and flip the raft , dumping hutch into the water . hutch what the hell ? harvey good morning , sunshine . hutch that be not cool , dad . harvey neither be the maggot live in you room . he toss a empty Miller can at hutch . harvey or you bring the competition into my home . hutch they be out of hibrau . harvey you should not be drink anyway . hutch I be 21 . harvey then start act like it . harvey glance over at he prize rose bushes . harvey my baby look dry . tell I you be stick to the water schedule ? hutch c'mon . can you stop harass I about everything ? harvey I be the boss . someday you will have a kid then you 'il be the boss . until then I need you to pick up lawn bag and a new rake at the hardware store . hutch I do not have any cash . harvey shocker . harvey take out he wallet and hand hutch he be - ex card . harvey let 's get on it . and do not use the card for anything else , get I ? harvey give he a condescending grin , then head off . int . / ext . hibrau brewing CO . - establishing shot the hustle and bustle of a mid-size brewery in action . factory worker and execs show up to work . - brewmasters taste they mixture . - bottle fill and cap on the assembly line . - a forklift driver haul case of hibrau . ext . hibrau brewing CO . - parking lot - morning harvey park he lincoln Navigator in the huge lot . as he walk through the row , he stop to admire the high - end european sedan in the '' reserve executive parking '' section . near the main building , harvey stop at a statue of old - jone , a guy from the 1880' . he 's sport a top hat and tail and hold up a bottle of hibrau . a plaque read : '' hibrau lager - milwaukee 's loyal friend since 1883 '' . harvey ( grab he ball ) you and I , jonesy . we take no prisoner . int . hibrau brewing CO . - marketing dept . - morning harvey zigzag through a maze of cubicle . promotional display and test market product be scattered everywhere . outside he modest office , he 's greet by he assistant , janis , 50 . janis Morning , Mr. hutchinson . harvey good morning , Janis . third quarter sale report ? she hand it to he . he flip to the last page . harvey ouch . shit be go to hit the fan . ( beat ) ( more ) harvey ( cont 'd ) but like the Donald say , '' sometimes by lose a battle you find a new way to win the war . '' janis staff meeting 's in ten minute . harvey bring it on . he tuck the sale report under he arm and head off . int . hibrau brewing CO . - conference room - day ceo , arthur bracken , 64 , a tough as nail silver fox , pace around the conference table that include harvey and the rest of the marketing department . they be listen to senior v.p. of sale , elmer winthorpe , 60 . winthorpe point to a mock - up ad of Old - Jones , wear he top-hat , in front of a fire with a cat curl up on he lap . winthorpe and then Old - Jones say , '' what do you think , pussy ? shall we crack open another hibrau ? and then the cat say , '' one loyal friend deserve another . '' bracken rub he temple . frustrate . bracken the cat talk ? winthorpe he say , '' one loyal friend deserve another . '' bracken have Old - Jones go senile ? be that why he talk to a cat ? winthorpe I be sorry , Arthur ? bracken Old -jone , the iconic symbol of the hibrau brewing company , be have a conversation with a cat , so I be assume he 's develop Alzheimer 's . winthorpe um , no , the uh ... bracken shut up , winthorpe ! and we be wonder why sale be off twenty percent ? do anyone here have any good idea , for God 's sake ? ( beat ) hello ? someone ? anyone ? harvey confidently stand up . harvey the cat meow . bracken stare at harvey for a long beat . harvey pussy know what it want , Arthur . bracken I like it ! good work hutchinson . make it happen . int . hibrau brewing CO . - conference room - later as the meeting break up , harvey file out . his go - with - the - flow buddy , phil davis , 40' , come over . phil gutsy move , harv . harvey you want to get to the top ? sometimes you grab you nut sack . phil interesting concept . keith pittman , 38 , you typical back stabbing co-worker , slap harvey on the shoulder . pittman smooth move , hutchinson . better grease up the next kayak to kenosha . harvey pittman , if you be go to make a insult , it help if people have a clue as to what you be talk about . pittman well just remember what happen to the last guy that a take steamer on one of winthorpe 's idea . harvey you think I be worried about - winthorpe beeline over . he 's not happy . winthorpe my office , one hour . harvey yes , sir . pittman smirk as harvey fight to keep he composure . int . hutchinson home - hutch 's room - day rachael Ray be perch on hutch 's lap as he and he buddy down can of budweiser and play nascar ' 09 on playstation . there 's hutch 's better half and bff , teddy o’neil , 21 . the book smart , 5 foot 3 , riley ford , 21 . and greg warburton , 22 , he can rebuild a engine and kick you ass at the same time . hutch see that , Ted -o ? that be Jeff Gordon dusting you redneck Dale earnhardt ass . riley , hold on to you scrote - bag ' cause here I come . hutch 's finger dance expertly over he controller as he Jeff Gordon car motor past riley 's jimmi Johnson car . riley bitch ! warburton sick move , hutch . guess there be a upside to you play this thing twelve hour a day . hutch jealousy be a very ugly quality , warburton . but I will admit , if I could major in nascar ' 09 , I would contemplate go back to school . teddy you tell harv yet that you be take the year off ? hutch wait for the right moment . teddy he 's go to flip he shit . hutch might . but I have get my life to think about , right ? ( quick tap controller ) later , warburton . hutch leave warburton 's Kyle Bush in he wake and take the checkered flag . rachael Ray bark she congrat . hutch Chicken dinner , lady ! riley toss a victory budweiser to hutch . he toast virtual Jeff Gordon on the tv . hutch hell bell , wonder Boy . he swig the beer then give rachael Ray she share . riley that be the last one . beer run ? int . winthorpe 's office - day harvey sit across from winthorpe in he plush corner office . winthorpe hutchinson , who pluck you from the warehouse at twenty - five ? harvey you do , elmer . winthorpe and who give you you first promotion , you last promotion and every damn promotion in between ? harvey you , elmer . winthorpe and you stab I in the back ! harvey I be just - 10 . winthorpe do you know what bracken say to I after the meeting ? that my idea be antiquated . winthorpe point to a decade old logo of Old -jone . winthorpe I create Old -jone in ' 72 ... winthorpe shove a recent bottle of hibrau in harvey 's face . same exact logo . winthorpe and the top-hatted son of a bitch be still sell beer today ! that 's not a coincidence , that 's stay power , hutchinson . something you clearly do not have anymore ! harvey elmer - winthorpe we 're do . get out of my face ! fuming piss , winthorpe spin he chair , turn he back . harvey get up and shuffles out . winthorpe agggh ! harvey turn back . harvey Sir ? no answer . harvey close the door behind he . int . warburton 's jeep wrangler - day hutch and crew cruise in warburton 's ridiculously jack up bronco . hutch you really should consider join I , Ted -o . a year off from school could be the experience of a lifetime . no class , sleep ' till noon , then get light the rest of the day . int . 11 . teddy uh , we have be do that all summer . hutch yeah , but how cool would it be to do it in colder weather ? just tell you pop you need to '' find yourself '' or something . warburton he 's right , teddy . you be waste you time with that shit . riley what , get a education so he do not end up at Auto Zone ? warburton funny one , little man . least I make bank . lot of good that diploma 's do you . riley I be still weigh my employment opportunity . warburton Bet they weigh less then you . hutch warburton , 7 - 11 on you leave . 7 - 11 - day hutch and teddy hit the beer fridge . hutch scan right past the hibrau and grab a 12 pack of coor light . hutch I be feel like the cold refreshment of the Rockies . cool ? teddy lock and load the Silver bullet , baby . grab two . he dump two 12 's in teddy 's arm . hutch I be cashed out and you be up . teddy search he pocket . he pull out a crumpled coupon . 12 . teddy all I get be a 1 / 2 off ona domino 's two topping . hutch contemplate . then pull out harvey 's gold be -ex . hutch the thing I sacrifice for we . meet you outside . int . 7 - 11 - counter - moment later a kind - of-cute cashier , 21 , ring up the beer . cashier hey , I remember you from High School . hutch hutchinson , right ? hutch in the flesh . hutch hand over harvey 's credit card . cashier wow , gold Card . you must be do well ? hutch some of we be just destine for greatness . she look at the name on card . cashier yeah , right . still use daddy 's card be we ? hutch uh , hutch be short for harvey ... in Dubai . I be half dubai... a- nin . cashier Nice try . hutch grab a assortment of crappy counter item include lighter , key chain , call card and chick magazine . hutch would I buy all this personal gift for you , include fifty of that lucky 7 lotto scratcher , if this be not my card ? 13 . cashier seriously ? you be go to buy I all this stuff ? hutch if you give I you phone number , foxy lady , this be all yours . cashier you be cute . make it a hundred lotto scratcher and you get a deal . hutch done . ext . hibrau brewing CO . - day out by the Old -jone statue , harvey vent to phil . phil he 's not go to fire you , harv . you know how winthorpe get . harvey he be practically foam at the mouth . ungrateful s.0o.b. be lucky I save he ass in that meeting . harvey look up at Old -jone . have a moment . harvey you know what ? I be do be bully . I be march into winthorpe 's office , tell he he can go to hell and - harvey and phil jump back as a ambulance screech to a halt right in front of they . paramedics rush out and thunder into the building . int . hibrau brewing CO . - office - day the elevator door open . harvey and phil step out to see the paramedics at work as employee crowd around winthorpe 's office . harvey move in closer . harvey oh my God ! the paramedics lift a rigor stiff winthorpe off he chair and place he on a the gurney . pittman step up next to harvey . 14 . pittman look like elmer buy the farm ... but you run away with all the pig . harvey what ? sargent heinrick , a nazi-like hibrau security guard approach harvey . sgt . heinrick Mr. hutchinson , it appear that you be the last one to see Mr. winthorpe alive . his last word to you be probably he last word on earth . as they wheel winthorpe past harvey , he observe the frozen angry grimace on winthorpe 's face . harvey he say , uh , '' good job '' . sargent heinrick make some note and follow the paramedics . Mr. bracken come over to harvey . harvey elmer winthorpe , he be a good man , Arthur . this be a real tragedy . bracken ( lean in , whisper ) it 's a good thing he bit the dust , otherwise he have be out of a job . harvey shiver at bracken 's coldness . bracken I be not say anything , hutchinson , but elmer 's shoe need to be fill and I have get a idea of who 's go to be do the fill . harvey smile , quickly get over the loss . int . hutchinson home - live room - night harvey rant like a hyper puppy as the family eat dinner . hutch sneak rachael Ray spaghetti under the table . 15 . harvey of course I be upset that winthorpe 's dead . but it be he time . and now it 's mine . marilyn you be a monster , harv . nicole agreed . harvey you guy will not be say that after I become a vice President . it 's go to change everything . hutch that 's what that Cheney dude say . hutch drop rachael Ray a handful of pasta . she inhales it . harvey hutch , be you feed the dog from the table ? hutch what ? no. harvey we will be able to get into the Fair oak country Club . go on great vacation with the other exec . nicole I have rather become a hooker . harvey 's on a roll . do not even hear she . marilyn Nicole , enough . harvey and guess who will be watch buck game from the company floor seat ? hutch Jack nicholson ? harvey bracken already bump I to the top of the list for ticket . hutch slyly palm a huge meatball , toss it to rachael Ray . 16 . marilyn you have not even be offer the job , harvey . harvey Arthur practically guarantee it . we just need a little time . out of respect for winthorpe . hutch be not you the saint . rachael Ray rip a gas bomb . harvey glare at hutch . hutch I be not feed she ! harvey I have wait a long time for this promotion and fate have finally arrive . harvey 's feel good . hutch take the opportunity . hutch speak of fate , I , uh , have a small announcement . nicole we already know , you be gay . hutch funny one . ( beat ) so , I have decide to take thing in a new direction with school . harvey sport a big grin . harvey you have decide on a major ! that 's great , hutch . Business or marketing ? hutch well , neither . ( beat ) I be , uh , take a year off from school . nicole ouch . do not see that one come . 17 . harvey Excuse I ? hutch before you go psycho , just listen . this plan help out all of we . Marilyn put she hand on harvey 's to calm he down . harvey go ahead . hutch okay . since I have yet to clearly define my career path , it make smart business sense , especially in this tough economic time , to evaluate the various opportunity out there . so why not take a year off , really research this thing , and '' find myself '' ? then bang ! I be back in school , head toward a career and a life fill with huge financial reward and ton of emotional stability . to top thing off , you guy will not have to worry about cash if thing get really bad . ' ol hutch here will unselfishly be able to provide for the whole family and we will live happily ever after . ( like Barack Obama ) yes , we can . silence . they all stare at he . he smile back . nicole call I when the shit storm blow over . Nicole get up and leave . harvey that 's it ? that 's you plan ? hutch well I might travel a little in between the research . you know what they say , '' all work and no play '' - harvey be you insane ? do you know how hard I work so you can go to college ? a luxury I never have ! 18 . marilyn hutch , this might not be the right decision . hutch I be just not sure if school 's my thing right now . harvey I nil tell you one thing , mister , it 's go to look really bad that a vice President 's son be a college drop out ! hutch be put off by harvey 's comment . marilyn harvey , calm down . that 's not the issue here . hutch I have make up my mind . I be not go back . harvey okay smart guy , what be you go to do for money ? because you be not free load around this house like you have do all summer . hutch I already tell you , I ’'11l be do research . harvey if you be not go to school , then you be get a job ! then you will see how lucky you be to be in college . tomorrow morning you be out pound the pavement . no more free ride here , pal . harvey storm away from the table , but stop as rachael Ray block he path , stare up at he . harvey go on ! move it , girl . rachael Ray convulse ... then puke spaghetti on harvey 's shoe . harvey huuuutch ! 19 . int . hutchinson home - hutch 's room - morning harvey enter and bang on he briefcase like a drum . harvey okay , mr. find yourself guy , time to get a job ... but hutch be not there . on top of it , the bed be make . harvey shrug . maybe he 's get through to he . int . harvey 's car - morning harvey drive to work , listen to more motivational crap . donald trump ( v.o. ) now say it ! nothing will stand in my way of success . I will get what I want . harvey nothing will stand in my way of success ! I will get what I want . suddenly , in the rearview mirror , a half naked girl pop up from the back seat . it 's the cashier from 7 - 11 . cashier where be I ? harvey wwwaaaaaaaaa ! harvey swerve out of traffic and pull the car to the curb . harvey who be you ? cashier the last thing I remember be we be smoking this killer weed . harvey who' we ? harvey see hutch passed out in the back in a sea of junk food wrapper and slurpee cup . harvey smack he awake . hutch look up . hutch shit. 20 . ext . 7 - 11 - later cashier hurry out of the car , fumble with she clothes . hutch lean out the window . hutch I ' 1l hit you later , cool ? cashier screw you , loser . I know you be full of crap ! harvey look at hutch and shake he head . hutch look dad , I - harvey not a word . not one word ! int . hibrau brewing CO . - brewery - day harvey drag hutch over to oscar , 50 's , brewery foreman . harvey hey oscar , how 's it goin 's ? oscar harvey ! harvey you remember my son , hutch ? oscar sure. sure . you be buss table at you dad 's bbq last summer . hutch that 's I . Jack of all trade ... and slave labor . oscar tell I harv , how be thing in white - collar world ? harvey I be still the same guy , just wear a different uniform . hutch roll he eye . 21 . oscar speak of uniform , baseball start in a week . this be we year . harvey gonna crush that wimp from pabst ! so oscar , hutch here be look for a job and I think this would be a great place for he to start . he will work hard and you can pay he minimum wage . what do you say ? oscar of course . if he 's anything like he old man he 'il be run the place in no time . hutch I be nothing like he . oscar I always tell the boy in the warehouse , if you think this be the end of the road , just look at harvey hutchinson . he 's proof that there 's no limit to you dream . harvey you speak the truth , my friend . ( walk off ) put the kid to work . int . hibrau brewing CO . - executive floor - day harvey pass winthorpe 's old corner office . he peek inside to see painter and carpet guy change it up . harvey ( like a mad scientist ) soon you will be mine , all mine . int . hibrau brewing CO . - brewery - day hutch be drench with sweat and miserable as he lift case of beer off the assembly line and onto a pallet . musclehead co-worker , Jake , 30' , work effortlessly alongside hutch . jake told ya this be a awesome workout , hutchinson . feel the burn ! hutch can hardly breath . he stop and lean over . hutch uh , huh . I need a sec . jake well , hurry up . I gotta get toa veterinarian . hutch a veterinarian ? Jake flexe he arm . jake yeah , my python be sick ! Jake stick he bicep in hutch 's face . jake feel this bastard ! hutch ( creepe out ) seriously , I be good . jake see how thick the vein be ? that 's from haul keg , amigo . go on , stroke that puppy . Jake do not move he arm . hutch awkwardly touch it . hutch I be not real comfortable with this . voice ( 0.s. ) yo Jake , that you new girlfriend ? they turn around to see , angela , 20' , smokin 's hot blue 22 . collar chick , sit in the driver 's seat of a forklift . Jake quickly push hutch away . turn psycho . jake get the hell away from I before I monkey hump you skull ! hutch ( terrify ) I be not ... he tell I to ... jake touch I again and I all rip off you elbow ! 23 . hutch be about to piss he pants as Jake stare he down like a raging bull . angela give the kid a break , Jake . I do not think he 's you type . jake I am not into dude ! angela come on , we be get back up . Angela fork the pallet and steer toward the dock . Jake ease up , put he hand on hutch 's shoulder . jake sorry about that , hutchinson . do not want she to think I be into weird shit . thanks for cover . hutch ( weakly ) no problem . you be hurt my shoulder . Jake let go . hutch strain to get a final peek at Angela . jake I gotta stop mixing the roid with the Red bull . get I a tad zippy . hutch never would have know . jake okay , you ready for a tricep party ? he throw hutch a stack of case . hutch drop to he knee . jake hell ya , baby ! wooo ! ext . baseball field - dugout - evening practice have finish . harvey and phil take off they cleat . harvey ( like a announcer ) batting third and play short stop , vice President of sale , haaaarveeey huuuthcinson . 24 . he make crowd cheer noise . phil promotion 's look good , huh ? harvey I have say any day now . harvey pull a mercede benz brochure out of he gym bag . harvey check this out . the mercede s-600 . this baby scream success . phil Nice . harvey even nicer with 20 '' rim and a gun metal metallic paint job . that 's how a v.p. roll , my friend . int . hutchinson home - backyard - dusk hutch be sprawle out on a lounge chair , exhaust from work . harvey come through the gate carry a garden hose . harvey hey pal , how 's it goin 's in the real world ? be you find yourself ? hutch ( groan ) I can not feel my arm . harvey not too late to register for class . hutch forget it . you will never break I . harvey I like you energy . use it to clean out the garage this weekend . he toss the hose on top of hutch . harvey rose look hungry . make they happy . hutch grumble as harvey walk off with a whistle . 25 . int . hutchinson home - live room - night Nicole 's work on she video project . her laptop be hook up to the tv which show a younger harvey dancing up a STORM at a party , circa 1983 . harvey enter with he head in the mercede brochure . nicole dad , be you gonna help I with this or what ? harvey what 's that ? he 's completely focus on the brochure . nicole take I to get a boob job . harvey a little later , honey . nicole you be not even listen ! I need help with my project . harvey look up from the brochure . see 's himself on the tv . harvey hey , I remember that ! he do a Michael Jackson move from thriller . not bad . harvey you old man could tear up the dance floor ! nicole oh-my - God . do not ever do that in front of I again . he go back to the brochure and head out . int . hutchinson home - kitchen - night Marilyn do the dish while harvey place some of he freshly clipped rose in a vase . marilyn hutch have be at the garage for hour . 26 . harvey good . the new benz 'il need a clean home . marilyn you be be a little hard on he . harvey all for he own good , mare . eventually he 'il realize that he butt should be back in school . int . hutchinson home - garage - same the place be a mess . hutch and teddy sport improvise hockey gear with bike helmet , gardening knee pad and golf club . hutch maneuver a empty beer can toward teddy . hutch five second leave in the period . hutchinson shoot ... he score ! the can ricochet past teddy and smashes through a window . teddy oh , shit . hutch shit , my ass . the USA just win the gold medal ! hutch move a stack of box to hide the break window then go to the fridge and grab a couple can of harvey 's hibrau . they crack ‘em open and guzzle . hutch you would think as you buzz heighten , this hibrau piss water would not continue to taste like my ass . teddy speak of ass , there 's go to be a ton of it next week at fogelman 's barbecue . hutch great . I have to work . I be tell you , Ted -o , this job be ruin my life . teddy then quit . 27 . hutch can not . harv will make I go back to school . ( vead hibrau can ) '' milwaukee 's loyal friend '' , my ass ! I hate you ! teddy why do not you just get fire ? hutch think for a moment . grin . hutch show I the money . int . hutchinson home - garage - later a buzze hutch and teddy be deep into a twelve pack as hutch pound away on he laptop . hutch ( reading as he type ) '' , ... and furthermore , hibrau taste like water down near beer and the marketing have no appeal to anyone under fifty . no hot chick in the ad , sponsorship at sport event or cool dude in movie chugge it . just some lame old top -hat dude on the brink of death . the bottom line be that hibrau suck and everything associate with it make I think of my great grandfather . and he 's dead . '' teddy that 's awesome ! it will get you can for sure . maybe even sue . hutch and here 's the thing , I be just tell the truth . Jerry Maguire 's get nothing on I . I be send it . company wide . on he computer , hutch select the e-mail folder , '' all@hibrau.com '' , and hit send . int . harvey' office - morning Janis intercept harvey as he head to he office . 28. janis Mr. hutchinson , Mr. bracken just call a emergency meeting in the brewery . the entire company . harvey meeting ? about what ? janis might have something to do with you great grandfather . the one who 's dead . harvey what be you talk about ? int . hibrau brewing CO . - brewery - day the place be fill up with exec , office staff and brewery worker . harvey enter . co- worker wow . ballsy move , harv . harvey huh ? another co-worker give he the thumbs-up . harvey what ? from the front of the brewery bracken wave hutch 's email . bracken hutchinson , come up here now ! harvey point to himself , '' I ? '' int . hibrau brewing CO . - brewery - moment later up at that front harvey scan hutch 's email . shock . bracken I have high hope for you , hutchinson . I know you have that something , but this - harvey Arthur , I swear , I do not write this email . bracken no ? harvey I have work for this company for 25 year . I respect what we represent . I would never say this thing . bracken I be puzzle , hutchinson . the email come from H. hutchinson ? harvey ( lean in , whisper ) that 's my son , hutch . he 's be work in the warehouse . I apologize - bracken well then , it seem that thing have take a interesting turn . int . hibrau brewing CO . - brewery - later bracken read hutch 's email out loud to the entire company . harvey stand off to the side , cring with every word . bracken '' , ..and the marketing have no appeal to anyone under fifty . no hot chick in the ad , sponsorship at sport event or cool dude in movie chugge it . just some lame old top -hat dude on the brink of death . '' harvey ( sotto ) I be so screw . bracken '' the bottom line be that hibrau suck and everything associate with it make I think of my great grandfather . and he 's dead . '' ( he scan the crowd ) where be hutch hutchinson ? in the back of the room hutch hide he grin , ready to face the fire squad and get the hell out of there . 30 . hutch right here , sir . I be hutch hutchinson . bracken come up here , son . hutch ( sotto ) it 's party time . the crowd part as hutch strut up to bracken . he pass harvey who shoot he dagger . harvey ( mouth ) you be dead , mister . hutch make he way next to bracken . bracken you write this ? hutch yes , sir . bracken and you think you know how to run this company better than I ? hutch no , sir . it 's just that I and my boy drink a lot of beer and this be just some idea of how to - bracken it 's brilliant ! the everyman 's perspective . Real beer drinker ! hutch be baffle , as be harvey . bracken it 's about time someone have the gut to address why this company be in the toilet ! desperate time call for desperate measure . it 's time to take a fresh approach and turn thing around . he put he hand on hutch 's shoulder . look out to the crowd . bracken the new vice president of sale , hutch hutchinson ! 31 . hutch look at he , '' what the fuck ? '' the crowd cheer . except for harvey who look like he just get run over by a truck . ext . hibrau brewing CO . - day harvey exit the building gasp for air . harvey this be not happen . he stomp into the parking lot , pace . harvey definitely not happen . I be dream or hallucinate or ina coma . a worker pass he . worker do ya here about the kid they make a vice President ? pretty cool , huh ? harvey just grumble and walk on . he kick and punch at nothing but air , let 's out a few scream . he stop at the '' reserve - executive parking '' sign and pound on it , slap it , tries to bend it . he 's in a total meltdown . he grab the light post the sign be attach to and violently shake it . harvey why-is -this -happening -to-me - creak . harvey look up to see that the light fixture snap loose from the light housing . it dangle by a wire and then ... free -fall ... crashing through the windshield of the bentley coup that sit below it . harvey crap ! something catch harvey 's eye at the front of the bentley . harvey oh , no . God , no . he creep to the front of the car . scan the placard . close on - '' reserve for arthur bracken ceo '' 32 . harvey ( take a breath ) okay harvey , calm down . not a big deal - clunk ... the light housing fall and pierce through the bentley 's hood . harvey Holy shit ! harvey sprint off toward the main building . int . hibrau brewing CO . - conference room hutch sit awkwardly on one side of the table , bracken and the very corporate carol foster , 40 , sit on the other . bracken hutch , this be we cfo , Carol Foster . carol Real pleasure , hutch . I hear terrific , terrific thing . hutch uh , about what ? bracken and Carol share a laugh . hutch awkwardly smile , not really sure what 's go on . hutch look guy , I do not mean to cause any trouble . how ' bout we chalk it up to a big misunderstanding and call it day and I 'il be on my way ? bracken just hear we out , hutch . Carol ? carol we be look at a three year deal . first year at 350 k with a 15 percent bump each year . built in performance bonuse base on sale and market share . sound good ? hutch I 'il be honest . I be lose here . bracken shift in he chair . clear he throat . 33 . bracken we be willing to play hard ball with you , hutch . how ' bout we start you at 400 k for the first year and a very generous expense account ? hutch you be screwing with I , right ? carol plus full medical and dental and two week vacation . hutch as in , '' all expense pay '' ? bracken Fine . make it four week and we will throw in President 's Day . hutch be start to grasp the situation . hutch what about St. Patrick 's Day and Halloween ? bracken you get it . hutch and that wick buck ticket ? bracken you will get priority date for the company buck and brewer seat . hutch now you be talk . how ' bout a car ? int . hibrau brewing CO . - marketing dept . - day harvey head back to he office nervous and shake . janis they want to see you down the hall . harvey who do ? 34 . janis some executive assistant call , say it be important . something about hutch . harvey do they mention anything about a car in the parking lot ? janis huh ? harvey nothing . I x11 be back . int . hutch 's office - day harvey enter winthorpe 's remodel office to see hutch sit behind a new , very expensive , desk . hutch pretty sweet set up , huh harv ? I be start to like this real world thing . harvey fume . harvey this be not right , hutch . hutch not right , harv ? be you kid ? this chair be italian leather . and check out the killer view . harvey stop call I harv . hutch I think '' dad '' be gonna sound a little creepy around the office . harvey I be still you father ! hutch put he foot up on the desk . hutch and now I be you boss . 35 . harvey you can not even wipe you own ass . you really think you can pull off this charade ? hutch it 's what ol 's bracken think that matter . angela , the hot chick from the warehouse , enter with a putter , golf ball , a jumbo bag of dorito and a slurpee . hutch you have meet my new assistant , Angela ? angela ( to harvey ) hey . you use to work in the warehouse like a 100 year ago , right ? harvey look at she blankly . angela here 's the stuff you want , hutch . hutch take the item . he purposely drop the bag of dorito . hutch oops . as she bend down to grab the bag , hutch sneak a peak of she rack . she catch he . angela do that again , I will break you arm . hutch such a kidder . thanks , ange . ( beat ) hey , what about the stuff grizzly bear head and the pop-a - shot ? angela get it order . hutch perfect . you be the best assistant I have ever have . hutch grab the putter and tear open the bag of dorito . 36 . hutch now if you 'il excuse I , harv , I have get work to do . int . hutchinson home - live room - night harvey pace while bitching to Marilyn on the couch . Nicole flip through the tv channel , bored . harvey I be tell you , mare , this whole thing be insane ! it 's like a bad episode of the twilight Zone . marilyn I do not understand what you be upset about . a promotion be a good thing . nicole he 's dad 's boss . harvey you keep out of this , Nicole ! marilyn calm down , harvey . harvey calm down ? I have work at hibrau for twenty - five year . hutch have be there for two week . do you have any idea how embarrassing this be for I ? the doorbell ring . harvey open it to reveal a delivery guy with a bunch of package . delivery guy hutchinson residence ? harvey yes ? delivery guy I get a package here for a Marilyn hutchinson . harvey from who ? Delivery guy look at he note . 37 . delivery guy '' dear Mom , you rock the house . Love , hutch . '' Marilyn come over . she open the box to find a set of diamond earring stare back at she . harvey 's floor . marilyn this be beautiful ! delivery guy and this Wii console be for Nicole hutchinson . nicole no way ! harvey we can not accept this stuff . nicole maybe you can not , but I can ! Nicole take the pen from Delivery guy and sign . harvey be piss , but feel leave out . harvey be there , uh , any other gift for other family member ? delivery guy oh , yeah . almost forget . he reach down to a cooler and pull out a fat steak . delivery guy this be for rachael Ray hutchinson . rachael Ray bark . she run over and grab the steak . delivery guy have a good one . harvey slam the door . fume . harvey if that kid think he can - nicole look ! there he be . harvey there who be ? 38 . Nicole point to the television . nicole hutch ! close on - television the milwaukee buck play the Chicago bull . hutch sit court side in the company seat with teddy , warburton and riley . harvey stare at the television in disbelief . harvey no ... close on - television a buck player fall onto hutch 's lap while try to retrieve a loose ball . hutch help he up and the player give he a chest bump . the crowd love it . harvey he get the company seat . I have be wait two year . marilyn look harv , he 's wave at we ! nicole awesome . Marilyn and Nicole wave back at the tv . marilyn hi , honey ! Love the earring ! hutch look right into the camera and give a wink , almost as if he 's rub it in harvey 's face . int . milwaukee buck arena - same hutch toss the ball to the ref and sit back down . hutch c'mon , bucko 's , let 's get back in this game ! riley hutch , this might be the sickest night of my life . 39 . teddy I still do not get it . how do you go from warehouse bitch - boy to a six figure vice President ? especially after the email you write . hutch the world 's a strange place , Ted -o . as they say , good karma pay off . teddy look at he curiously . hutch not necessarily my karma . I think I intercept someone else 's shit . teddy dude , whatever work . I could get use to live like a rock star . warburton point over at a cheerleader look they way . warburton check out the cheer chick with the explosive rack . I think she 's into we stuff . they guy look over . she give they a little wave . riley damn . he 's not kid ! warburton hide you boner , little man . let 's play it cool . ext . milwaukee buck arena - night hutch and the guy hang at the employee entrance as the waving cheerleader exit . hutch step up , hand she he new business card . hutch hey there . hutch hutchinson , vice President , hibrau Brewery . you girl be fantastic tonight . jackie thanks . I be Jackie . 40 . hutch pleasure be mine , Jackie . my VIP 's and I be wonder if you and a few of you colleague would like to go to a private party this evening ? Jackie grab two other cheerleader as they exit . jackie you guy wanna party with this rich dude ? tiffany yeah ! amanda for sure ! riley and teddy share a '' be this really happen ? '' look . hutch alright then . let 's roll . teddy whisper to hutch . teddy if you ever lose this job , I swear I will kill you . ext . hibrau brewing CO . - night hutch and the group be at the front entrance . hutch swipe he key card , unlock the door . hutch alright , party people , let 's do this thing ! hutch hold the door as they file inside . teddy hang back . teddy this be probably not the best idea , hutch , you be go to get you ass fire for real . hutch the beauty of that ted-o , be that I honestly do not care . I mean , bracken 's go to wake up tomorrow morning and realize that he make a huge mistake . so , whatever . 41 . ext . hibrau brewing CO . - brewery - night hutch lead they through the dark brewery . he find a panel of switch on the wall and flip they , lighting up a row of giant Beer kettle . hutch lady and gentleman , welcome to the first stop on my bucket list tour . smash CUT : int . hibrau brewing CO . - brewery - moment later a naked hutch cannon ball into a giant kettle of beer . teddy incoming ! he land with a huge splash then swim over to the group as they wade around in the beer . riley Nice form , high level of difficulty . i’1l give you a eight and half . amanda nine ! warburton grab amanda . warburton I ' 1l give you nine . Jackie move in close on hutch , give he some make out . jackie and I say it be a 10 . hutch I have a dream like this once . Jackie fondle hutch below the beer 's surface . jackie be this in you dream , baby ? hutch yup . how do you know ? 42 . hutch wink over at riley and gesture toward Tiffany . riley try to keep he cool , look she in the eye . riley ( stutter ) I have the same dream . int . hibrau brewing CO . - hutch 's office - night Music be blast . the barely clad cheerleader dance drunkenly around the office with riley and warburton . hutch and teddy lounge on the couch , smoking a joint . teddy I swear , I feel like willy wonka . hutch I be willy wonka . you be Charlie . amanda dance over and grab the joint . she stumble back and put she foot through the coffee table . amanda woooo hoooo ! she crack up and dance back to the girl . hutch enjoy it while it last , Charlie . teddy and you need to make it last forever . why the hell should you know less about run a stupid beer company than the next guy ? hutch well , as old harv say , I 'ma life waste , playstation addict , college drop out that can not wipe my own ass . teddy look at that Mark Cuban dude . you think he 's get a clue ? Jackie mishandle the joint from amanda and drop it . teddy hey , watch the carpet ! jackie oopsy ! 43. teddy what if this bracken guy wake up tomorrow and be still into you ass ? then what ? poof ! all this be , see ya ! hutch look around the giant plush office , take in the expensive furniture , the large plasma , the killer view ... the cheerleader puking into the large planter in the corner . hutch grab the remote and turn off the music . hutch all right , party 's over ! let 's clean this place up . teddy that 's what I be talk about . int . hibrau brewing CO . - morning hutch stroll in a little hang over . he do a double take at Angela in she cubicle . she 's transformed out of she blue collar wear into a sexy business suit with she hair up . hutch wow ! you look awesome . angela thanks , hutchinson . you might want to consider it yourself . dress the part , you know ? hutch good point . I know I hire you for a reason . this whole executive thing be go to take a little get use to . angela just go with you gut . if we can make it in the warehouse , we sure as hell can make it in here . hutch right on . angela how about some coffee for that hang over ? 44 , hutch it 's that obvious ? a little Red bull would not hurt either ' . angela right away , sir . hutch Sir . I like the sound of that . angela yeah ? enjoy it , hutchinson , ' cause it 's the last time I 'il ever say it . she turn to she computer . angela now I have get to figure out how to use this thing . int . hutch 's office - day hutch power through a Red bull and coffee as he go through the weekly sale report , not really make any sense of it . int . harvey' office - day harvey look wear . he read a memo from security . harvey ( sotto ) '' if anyone have information regard the vandalism of a black bentley coup in the executive parking lot ... '' crap . hutch walk in unannounced . hutch let 's watch the language , harv . bad example . harvey very funny . surprise to see you in so early . it 's only 11:00 . hutch be here since eight . already go through the sale report . 45 . harvey like you even understand it . hutch well , what I gather be you marketing boy have be do a crappy job , therefore sale be down . harvey okay , that do it . you be ground ! hutch yeah ? well you better work on get that number up ! harvey and you better figure out how to get to work . I be pull you car privilege . that include you mom 's car as well . better get that tire fill on you bike . hutch Fine with I ! hutch give he a nasty look and storm out for the office . ext . hutchinson home - day harvey tend to he rise bush at the front of the house . a brand spanking new mercede s-600 with custom rim and a gun metal metallic paint job roll down the street . the benz vibrate from the bumping subwoofer . harvey look at the car with envy . could have be he . to he surprise the benz pull in he driveway . the door open and teddy , warburton and riley roll out . teddy hey , Mr. H. what 's shakin’ ? riley hold up a bucket of kfc . riley drum stick , Mr. h? harvey ( shocked ) whose car be this ? 46 . warburton hutch 's . dope , right ? wish I have a company car . in slow motion - hutch smoothly slip out the driver 's door in he new five hundred dollar suit . he lower he designer shade and look at harvey . hutch like the new ride ? harvey you've got to be kidding I ! hutch you do a good job with they rise bush and I x11 let you take she for she spin . ( hold out he wrist ) rooooolex . harvey look at the gleam gold watch and snarl . he grab a rake and shove it at hutch . harvey here I be the boss . now get this lawn clean up ! harvey head toward the house . harvey ( sotto ) aaarrrgggghhhhh . ext . hutchinson home - backyard - day hutch have change out of he fancy suit as he and the guy grub on chicken while rake the leave . rachael Ray tear into the empty bucket , look for scrap . warburton let I get this straight . you can get any food you want whenever you want it and the company put up the cash ? hutch yup . it 's call a expense account . warburton we do not get expense account at Auto Zone . 47 . hutch the theory be you be always work or something like that . teddy so dude , let I ask you this . if you can get whatever you want for free , why the hell be we suck off the Colonel ? hutch toss down the rake . hutch good point , Ted -o . time to step up this dinner party . riley ( be : pile of leave ) what about all this ? int . hutchinson home - live room - day harvey sit on the couch stewing . Nicole 's computer be hook up to the tv . on the tv - home movie -- the family in happier , more understanding time . harvey and Marilyn throw toddler hutch back and forth . -- twenty -someth harvey work he warehouse job at hibrau . Little hutch watch dad load beer . harvey when do it happen ? -- harvey and Marilyn kissing . little hutch and baby Nicole jump on they in mid smooch . harvey when do he become the kid from the omen ? -- eight year old hutch up at bat . the pitcher throw a curve ball and hutch desperately swing , but miss . hutch flip off the pitcher . harvey Little bastard never could hit a curve ball . harvey look up as a landscaper motor past the window on a lawn mower . a gardner with a leaf blower follow . 48 . ext . hutchinson home - front lawn - day harvey run outside . five worker be mow and trimming . harvey Excuse I ! can I help you with something ? the leaf blower guy look up . leaf blower sure amigo , grab one of that bag . harvey I mean what be you do here ? leaf blower Cleaning the lawn . harvey 's get frustrated . harvey I want to speak to you boss . leaf blower Mr. hutch ? he not here . harvey Mr. hutch ? leaf blower guy hand harvey hutch 's business card . leaf blower Mr. hutch hire we to take care of the lawn . he pay we double . harvey start to boil . harvey where be he ? harvey hear a grinding noise . he look over to see he rose bushes be torn apart by a electric trimmer . harvey noooo000000000 ! ccut to : 49 . int . brown deer chophouse - evening hutch and the boy , look way out of place , roll into the fancy restaurant . they make they way through the crowded entrance and approach the tuxedoe maitre D ' for a table . maitre D 's warburton maitre D 's maitre D 's hutch hey , buddy . give they the once over . maitre d' ( major attitude ) beat it , kid . be not hire . hutch Excuse I ? maitre d' dishwasher position be fill . now you and you cell mate scamper back to where you come from . clenches he fist . hutch hold he back . hutch that 's too bad . maybe there 's another position available ? dish wash for I be just a step stone to my ultimate goal . maitre d' and what may I ask would that be ? hutch have you job . chuckle . hutch do you think if I work hard enough someday I could be up here like you , lookin’ sharp and be in charge ? maitre d' highly doubtful . start to walk away . hutch stop he and point over to some young looking girl up at the bar . 50 . hutch see , if I have you job , I would make sure that punk like I would not come in here and spot that two underage honey 's at the bar . because punk like I might call the cop and have you liquor license pull . how bad would that suck ? but the flip side be that then there would be a job open . your . hutch whip out a business card and flick it at he . maitre D 's maitre D 's hutch so if you want to keep you job I suggest you lose the attitude and get we a table . scan the card . hutch and if you have like I to replace that hibrau beer tap with Old milwaukee , I can make that happen as well . fumble , grab a stack of menus . maitre d' yes , sir . right away . int . brown deer chophouse - later the guy sit at the best booth in the house . the table be overflow with steak , side , and a variety of booze . riley honestly hutch , you be the man . that be brilliant . warburton I still wish you have let I pummel that dude . the waiter come over . waiter how be we do over here , Mr. hutchinson ? 51 . hutch pretty damn good , my friend . bring we another round of steak . and throw in a couple of that jumbo lobster . waiter right away , Mr. hutchinson . the waiter scurries off . teddy so what kind of stuff do they have you do over at hibrau ? hutch I basically try to figure out way to sell more beer . warburton like a bartender ? hutch sort of , but on a much bigger scale . warburton sound complicated . hutch not really . at first I have no clue what be go on . but then I realize no one else there have a clue either , so I just go with my gut . warburton just keep do whatever it be that you do . warburton pick up he glass . warburton titties ! the guy pick up they glass . toast . guy titties ! 52 . int . hutch 's office - day hutch be get into this job thing . he review a spread sheet on the computer then make some adjustment . int . hibrau brewing CO . - conference room - day hutch give a power point presentation . the other exec nod to each other , '' make sense '' . harvey be miserable . int . hibrau brewing CO . - day hutch size up a ad campaign . he pin a fhm centerfold over a Old - Jones ad . he step back to admire it . hutch that 's how to sell beer ! int . hibrau brewing CO . - brewery - day a brew master hand hutch a sample . he sip it , then dump it out and passionately tell the brew master what 's miss . int . hibrau brewing CO . - brewery - day hutch hang with he former warehouse co-worker , snack on pizza and taste-testing the different hibrau brews . they be all laugh it up and have a blast . jake this be awesome , hutchinson . woo hoo ! who 's up for some crunch ? int . hibrau brewing CO . - day outside of hutch 's office , bracken show hutch the new sale report . number be up . he pat hutch on the back and head off . hutch turn to Angela . they enthusiastically high five . ext . baseball field - evening harvey and phil , in they hibrau baseball uniform , walk toward the diamond . phil in all honesty , harv , the kid 's do a good job . harvey he do not even know what he 's do . phil 53 . that could be the secret . maybe we over think thing , you know ? harvey bullshit . it 's all luck . phil I do not know . people really seem like he . they approach the dugout . the player , a mis employee , be huddle around hutch as he t do not notice harvey behind they . hutch ... so the gardener I hire to xture of hibrau ell a story . they accidently demolish harv 's rise bush and he 's cry about it like a little girl . ( mimick harvey ) the bad man cut my pretty flower ! what be I go to do ? I need to change my tampon ! the player crack up . hutch be the man . hutch I think he be go to lose he shit right then and there . hutch look up and see harvey . hutch speak of the she devil . hey harv , big ball game today . harvey ( beyond piss ) why be you wear a uniform ? hutch think you boy could use some help . harvey we be fine , thank you . the team captain , Jake from the warehouse , call out ... 54 . jake yo , hutch ! you cool with play short stop ? harvey that 's my position - hutch ( to Jake ) they do not call I lil 's jeter for nothing ! hutch dash out to the field . harvey wait ! they do not call he that ! ext . baseball field - later bracken and other employee be in the stand . the hibrau team be on the field with hutch at short stop . the pabst blue ribbon team be up to bat . hutch hey batter , batter . wuch you got , batter ? over by the dugout harvey fume . harvey ( sotto ) lil 's shit take my position . a line drive rocket toward hutch . he snatch it from the air for the out . jake awesome play , lil 's jeter ! harvey kick the dirt . ext . baseball field - scoreboard - later it 's the bottom of the 9th . hibrau be down 4 - 1 . ext . baseball field - dugout harvey pout , have still not get into the game . 55 . jake hey , lil 's jeter , you be up . let 's knock some wood ! you be we last chance . hutch grab a bat and head for the plate . the basis be load . harvey watch from the dugout step . the pabst pitcher throw a fast ball and hutch foul it off . it whizhes toward harvey 's head . he hit the deck , almost get nail . umpire foul ball ! hutch grin over at harvey . the pabst pitcher set , then throw another heater . umpire strike two ! harvey . ( sotto ) now strike he out . bracken shout from the stand . bracken do not disappoint I , hutch ! something dawns on harvey . he gauge bracken 's expectation . look at hutch ratchete back the bat . the pabst pitcher be about to wind up for the pitch when ... harvey ( shout ) the kid can't hit a curve !!! time stop . everyone look at harvey . now he 's do it . he shrink back into the dugout . pabst pitcher look over at he coach . he shrug , '' why not ? '' hutch glare at harvey , then steady himself at the plate . the pitcher unleash a perfect curve ball that wind right down the middle of the plate ... crack ! hutch suck on that ... the ball rocket past the outfield . grand slam ! harvey be stunne . 56 . the hibrau side go crazy . the team explode from the dugout to welcome hutch as he round the basis . bracken come from the stand , slap harvey on the shoulder . bracken Nice reverse psychology there , hutchinson . have I worried for a minute . you boy sure can hit the curve ball ! harvey smile weakly as hutch plant he foot on home plate . his teammate swarm over , congratulate he . hutch strut over to harvey . hutch how would you know if I could or could not hit a curve ball , harv ? you have not see I play since I be eight year old . harvey 's get nothing to come back with . hutch disappear into the dugout with the team . int . hibrau brewing CO . - conference room - day a disgruntled harvey and the rest of the marketing department sit around the conference table . hutch sit next to bracken . bracken before we get down to business , I want to congratulate the chugger on kick the piss out of that pussy from pabst . and especially we boy , lil 's jeter . hutch it be nothing , sir . bracken do not be modest , son . you be a hero . hutch well , I have always say , just cook I up a curve ball and I x11 blast it out of the kitchen . the room clap . harvey bite he tongue . 57 . bracken as you all know , the last quarter be solid . sale have be creep back up and efficiency be at a all time high . bracken wink at hutch who shrug modestly . bracken but we need to keep push . what do you marketing boy have for I ? phil stand . he hold up a cardboard display of Old - Jones hold a cat in one hand and a frothy beer mug in the other . it read , '' two friend be better than one '' . phil this be go in beer aisle across the country . harvey present a mock up of the hibrau mobile bar truck , a custom semi that convert into a bar . '' hibrau , you friend at the milwaukee county fall festival " , be paint on the side . harvey we have get the new mobile set - up ready for this year fall Festival . we will be do promotional giveaway and event sponsorships . bracken look good , hutchinson . pittman ? pittman I have put together a new radio jingle for that young demographic we have be discuss . it 's gonna knock you sandal off . pittman open the door . in walk a group of hard - core rappers , dress like n.w.a . pittman hit it , guy . the fat rapper start to human beat box . but instead of freestyle , the other rapper huddle together and harmonize like a white - bread barbershop quartet . rappers '' when you be near the end and you need a friend , reach for the blend that will put you on the mend . it 's hibrau , yes hibrau . '' 58 . fat rapper '' hibrau lager . milwaukee 's loyal friend since 1883 . '' it 's so ridiculous it almost make sense . bracken what do you think , hutch ? hutch you want to know the truth , sir ? bracken give it to I , son . hutch we be not think outside the box . this be the same old stuff , recycle . if we want to get the young demo we have to compete with the big boy . we be gonna need to get in the ring with they . harvey Arthur , we have do extensive market research and - bracken tell I more , hutch . harvey sit back , defeat . hutch look at Miller or Bud . you go to a brewer , buck or packer game , they be plaster everywhere . they sponsor concert , wet t-shirt contest , tv show and movie . they be so plant in my brain that I buy the stuff without even think about it and so do all my friend . harvey we budget be nowhere close to what they have . hutch then maybe we need to start small . see how it go . mix it up a little and try something new . bracken like the sound of all this . 59 . bracken I nil give you people two week to come up with new marketing idea . impress I with something fresh and unique and we will implement it . hutch give harvey the thumb up . he return it with a scowl . bracken next order of business . bracken wave to someone outside of the glass wall conference room . sargent heinrick , the nazi-like security guard , enter carry a hard - shell briefcase . bracken sargent heinrick be go to give you a update on my bentley . I will not rest until this scum of the earth be bring to justice . heinrick walk around the table , white glove the back of the chair . sgt . heinrick thank you , Mr. bracken . we have some new evidence that I would like to share with you . he pop open the briefcase and extract a video tape . he pop the tape into a vcr at the front of the room . a grainy black and white image of the parking lot appear . harvey sweat it up . sgt . heinrick we have security camera footage from the day of the incident . initially it be deem useless due to the angle of the lens . but I consult with a forensic crime lab and through the use of infrared video overlay simulation , we may be able to identify the culprit . harvey speak up . harvey maybe it be a accident . sgt . heinrick there be no accident . he pop out the tape and put it in the briefcase . 60 . sgt . heinrick the process will take several week and we expect positive result . I be take the tape over there this afternoon . bracken good work , sargent heinrick . we 'il catch this son of a bitch . and when we do , I will chop off he ball and toss they into the malt brewer ! under the table - harvey cross he leg . int . hibrau brewing CO . - hallway harvey discreetly follow heinrick , briefcase in hand . harvey hang back as heinrick enter the security office . moment later - heinrick exit the security office without the briefcase . go down the hall to the bathroom . harvey walk with determination to the office . he look around . go inside . int . security office - day monitor fill the wall . each one display a different angle of bracken 's car . harvey paranoid much ? harvey spot the metal briefcase on the file cabinet . harvey ( cont 'd ) there you be . he grab it and zaaaaap ! 250,000 volt rip through harvey . he spin spasmodically and flip out a OPEN window . the briefcase fly out of he hand , landing back on the file cabinet . a few moment later , heinrick enter . he pull out he key chain and disable the security shock on the case . beep beep . he pick it up and exit the office . 61 . int . heinrick 's car - day heinrick get into he car . put the briefcase on the passenger seat and blaze out of the parking lot ... in the rearview - harvey stumble out of the bush . he drop to the pavement in defeat . ext . hutchinson home - evening harvey 's in the driveway unload some kind of animal costume out of he car . he 's startled by the sound of a custom car horn that blast to the tune of chamillionaire 's '' ridin ' dirty '' . he turn to see hutch in the benz wave for he to move so he can pull into the driveway . harvey do so reluctantly . hutch pull in and hop out . he hit a button on the alarm remote and the benz lower to the ground and the door automatically close . hutch pretty sweet , huh ? warburton trick it out . Internet , satellite , the whole nine . harvey I be glad to see you be waste you undeserve salary on important thing . hutch ( have : animal costume ) what 's cha get there , harv ? harvey block hutch 's view of the trunk . harvey nothing . hutch let I see . harvey no ! hutch steal a peak at the giant animal costume head sit in the back seat . 62 . hutch look like someone 's go with the '' kooky mascot '' for they marketing presentation . hutch try to dance around harvey to get a better look . harvey hutch ! stop it ! hutch back off . hutch okay , okay , chill . you be gonna have a heart attack , harv . harvey stop call I harv ! hutch I be out . hutch hit the remote . the alarm conformation beep to the tune of akon 's '' smack that '' . int . hutchinson home - live room Nicole sit in front of the tv , work on she video project . harvey pass through . harvey do not ever look up to you brother , Nicole . he 's a bad seed . a bad , bad seed . nicole yeah , right . he 's gonna buy I rock Band for the wii. harvey be materialistic thing really that important to you ? nicole look who 's talk . at least hutch keep he word . ( be : video ) be you ever go to help I with this thing ? 63. harvey once I finish up this presentation for work . I be under a lot of pressure right now . nicole blah , blah , blah . how ' bout come up with a new story ? int . hutchinson home - kitchen Marilyn 's prepping dinner . harvey enter . harvey we better watch out , mare , that girl 's head down the same path as she brother . marilyn would not that be great ? two vice - president in the same family . harvey that 's not what I mean . marilyn lighten up , harv . he look over to the stove . harvey I be not gonna make it to dinner tonight . I be on a big deadline for work and phil 's come over . could be a all nighter . marilyn I be actually make this for hutch . he 's have dinner - harvey stop . I do not want to hear it . I know it 'il just upset I . marilyn harvey ... he head off . harvey I ‘’1l be out in the garage . send phil back . 64 . int . hutchinson home - garage - night close on - a giant blue badger head . phil inspect the head . harvey be dress in the rest of the costume . phil I be tell you , it look like a giant rat head . harvey will you stop . trust I on this , phil . spudz McKenzie , the budweiser frog , they sell product . phil the hibrau badger ? harvey badger be from Wisconsin , they be funny and the demographic we be go after love ‘em . phil why blue ? harvey why not ? phil I do not know . it seem kind of ridiculous . he grab the badger head from phil and put it on . harvey check this out . harvey head over to the refrigerator , but have a hard time navigate all the clutter . he mutter to himself , but can barely be understand through the giant foam head . harvey ( muffle ) I have tell that kid a thousand time to clean this garage . phil what 's that , harv ? harvey nothing . 65 . he get to the fridge and pull out a six - pack of hibrau . hold it up . harvey '' hibrau lager , for the badger in all of we . '' phil stare at he for a long moment . phil I do not get it . harvey forget the copy . the badger be funny , right ? phil you be not sell I here . harvey you need to think outside the box . come on , put yours on and we will get a second opinion from Marilyn . int . hutchinson home - night close on - hutch sit at the feast - fill dining room table tell a story . hutch and then my buddy warburton say , '' you really want it , officer ? then come pull it out of my ass . '' reveal - bracken sit at the other end of the table . he almost choke on he drink , then burst out laugh . bracken Son , that could be one of the great storey I have ever hear ! hutch I get a ton of ‘em , sir . bracken lean back with a full belly . bracken that meatloaf be superb . and that potato , out of this world . hutch that Marilyn , she can cook . 66 . bracken I have get to tell you , hutch , you have bring a new spark to this company . hutch I do what I do , sir . another brandy , Mr. bracken ? bracken do not mind if I do . and it 's high time you call I Arthur . hutch fill bracken 's glass then raise he . hutch cheer to you , Arthur . int . hutchinson home - kitchen - same harvey and phil , both dress in the badger costume , enter through the screen door . phil I feel like a idiot in this thing . harvey will you stop ? harvey push through the swinging door and sees bracken sitting at the dine room table . he back into the kitchen , knocking into phil . they both crash to the floor . phil hey ! what the hell - harvey put he hand over the mouth of phil 's badger head . harvey shhhh ! oh my god. bracken . phil what about he ? harvey he 's sit at my dining room table . phil you be kid I ? 67 . harvey hutch , that little brown nose . ( beat ) come on . we can not let bracken see we like this . they turn to sneak out the screen door , but hutch and bracken be now stand out by the pool . bracken offer hutch a cigar and light it . harvey crap ! we be go to have go through the front and around . they push through the kitchen and into ... the live room where rachael ray pop up from the couch . she growls at they . harvey quiet , rachael Ray ! it 's I , you master . she bark . her eye go bug-ey , freaking out . harvey phil , grab I some scrap from the table . harvey reach he hand back , keep he eye on rachael Ray as phil hand he the entire meatloaf . harvey ( realize ) I say scrap , not the whole - too late . rachael Ray rush harvey and snatch the meatloaf . harvey what part of '' scrap '' do not you understand ? phil that dog be psycho . rachael Ray guard the meatloaf . she become more aggressive , barking at harvey and phil . harvey give I that bottle of brandy . 68 . phil I be think this be not the right time for drink . harvey just hand I the bottle , please . phil hand it to he . harvey pour a few drop in he palm and hold it out to rachael Ray . harvey come here , girl . rachael Ray calm down . she come over to harvey and lap up the brandy from he palm . harvey that 's it , rachael Ray . good dog - rachael Ray lunge at harvey 's other hand and grab the brandy bottle . she dart up the stair with it in she mouth . harvey that take care of that . phil impressive . harvey and phil continue to the front door . as harvey reach for the handle , the door open and nicole enter . she scream , have no idea it 's harvey and phil . they struggle to take off they badger head . nicole you sick pervert , get out of my house ! Nicole reach into she pack back ... harvey ( mumble through costume ) calm down ! it 's I - ... and whip out a can of pepper spray , spraying they through the opening in the badger head . phil aahhh ! my eye ! harvey oowwww ! stop - 69 . Nicole dodge past they . she push they out the door and slam it shut . ext . hutchinson home - continuous harvey and phil tumble onto the front lawn , rolling around , blind . they finally get the badger head off . phil it burn ! harvey grab the garden hose . he douse phil 's face , then he own . they lay back , exhaust . phil I tell you this be a bad idea ! from the other side of the fence they hear ... bracken ( 0.s. ) I be hope the boy in marketing be go to knock we sock off next week with the new idea . hutch ( 0.s. ) I have be on top of they , Arthur . harvey hide ! harvey and phil scramble into the bushes as bracken and hutch come through the side gate . hutch speak of idea , Arthur , be you familiar with nascar ? bracken the car racing ? hutch fastest grow sport in the world , and the perfect opportunity to nail the young demographic . I be think it 's where we should be . bracken interesting . I like it . in the bushes harvey and phil listen . 70 . harvey be you kid I ? hutch ( 0.s . ) as fate would have it , they be racing here this weekend at the speedway . the milwaukee 500 . I would like to do a little research . bracken ( 0.s. ) you have my bless . whatever you need . hutch ( 0.s. ) thank you , Arthur . rachael ray , with blood shot eye , stumble out of the house . she have the empty brandy bottle in she mouth . rachael Ray sniff the air , lock onto a scent . she drop the brandy bottle and run toward the bushes . harvey watch as rachael Ray beeline for the bush . she stumble , face - plant , then get up and dart toward they . harvey crap . rachael Ray reach the bush . she bare she tooth and begin barking with a slur . harvey rachael Ray , shoo . get away . hutch notice rachael Ray bark drunkenly at the bush . hutch what be it , rachael Ray ? rachael Ray be go nut , foaming at the mouth . bracken might be a rabbit in there . rachael Ray dive into the bushes and ... attack harvey and phil . biting , clawing , scratching . they put the badger head back on for protection . rachael Ray mount harvey 's face . she look harvey in he badger eye ... and puke into they . harvey uuuugggghhhhhhhhh ! 71 . rachael Ray leap onto phil . phil heeeeeelp ! they spring from the bushes in a panic , revealing themselves . bracken what in God 's name !? hutch contain he laughter , know it 's harvey and phil . hutch there 's be report robbery in the neighborhood , sir . media 's coin they the '' Rat bandit '' . bracken not on my watch ! bracken grab the rake off the lawn and beat on the badger as rachael Ray continue she attack . bracken ( with each beat of the rake ) nobody - steals-from-my-employees . harvey and phil flail under bracken 's beat . as they try to run away ... bracken throw the rake at they and it get catch up in phil 's foot , trip he . harvey help he up and they take off down the street . bracken do not think you will be have a problem with they anymore . hutch thank you , sir . you be a hero to the neighborhood . rachael Ray look up at they ... hiccup . hutch that 's a good girl ! int . hutchinson home - later hutch be kick back watch tv . harvey enter , batter and bruise from the badger ordeal . 72 . hutch hey harv , you do not look so good . what happen to you ? harvey Real funny , be not it ? hutch well you gotta admit it 's kind of funny . but no worry , I do not blow you cover and I convinced Mom not to call the cop . harvey yeah ? well now my badger presentation 's blow . hutch look at it as I save you from embarrassment . harvey you think you know it all , do not you ? harvey turn off the tv . hutch I be sort of watch that . harvey well you be not watch it anymore . I want the garage clean out , and take out the garbage then straighten up you room ! hutch harv , let 's take it down a notch . harvey I ’m not harv . I ’m you father . and around here I ’m still the boss ! you got I ? hutch what 's you problem ? harvey what 's my problem ? i’1l tell you what my problem be . you have a job you do not deserve and you think this be all one big joke . 73 . hutch wow . and jealousy rear its ugly head . harvey jealous ? because you do nothing , make six figure and that nut job bracken think you be the second come ? hutch do you ever think that maybe I be good at what I be do and I be actually make a difference ? or be it all just a big coincidence that hibrau be kick ass ? harvey I be go to go with coincidence . hutch this be the guy in the rat suit talk ? Real creative stuff , pop . harvey we be do with this conversation . hutch maybe I be not do . harvey my house , my rule . you do not like it ? too bad . now get that room clean before I ground you for a year . int . hutchinson home - morning harvey exit he bedroom dress for work . he hear a vacuum come from hutch 's room . harvey ( sotto ) damn right I be in charge . this be my house . he walk by hutch 's bedroom and see a maid , vigorously clean with the vacuum . he boil . int . hutchinson home - kitchen - morning Marilyn and Nicole make breakfast . harvey rush in . 74 . harvey who the hell be that clean hutch 's bedroom ? marilyn that 's ester . hutch hire she . harvey drop he head into he hand . harvey where be he ? marilyn hutch move out , harvey . harvey what do you mean he move out ? marilyn he say he want to try live on he own , by he rule . harvey oh he do , do he ? that 's what he say ? nicole his exact word be , '' dad be act like a a-hole . I be outta here . '' marilyn Nicole ! nicole well , that 's what he say . harvey thinks he can one up I , do he ? where did he go ? int . hutch 's downtown loft - day teddy take in the spacious , upscale loft . teddy unbelievable . this place be sick ! hutch direct a best buy delivery guy . 75 . hutch the 65 inch go in the master and let 's hang the 110 inch bad boy over the fire place . best buy guy no problem . another delivery guy enter with a full size slurpee machine . hutch you can hook that sucker up behind the bar . delivery guy done . hutch ever have a beer slurpee , Ted - 0 ? teddy pure genius . a AIR horn blast from the street below . hutch we ride be here . teddy go to the window , look out . his eye light up . teddy no way . ext . hutch 's loft - day hutch greet a teamster driver , carmine , as he jump out of the cab of the hibrau mobile bar truck . the side of the truck be repaint : '' hibrau , the number one choice of real nascar fan . '' harvey hey , carmine ! carmine yo boss , we ready to roll ? hutch ready to go to the race , ted-0o ? teddy look at he with disbelief . 76 . teddy if you tell I we be go to the milwaukee 500 , I be gonna crap my pants . if you tell I where go to the milwaukee 500 in that truck , I be gonna crap you pants . hutch then we will stop for diaper on the way . bracken let I pull it from the milwaukee fall Festival . teddy sick ! teddy look at hutch . hug he . hard . hutch let 's move she out , carmine . carmine you be the boss , boss . ext . milwaukee speedway - establishing - day fifty -thousand rabid race fan fill the grandstand around the speedway . ext . milwaukee speedway - infield - same fill with hundred of rv 's , corporate tent and concession . the hibrau truck , which be now convert into a bar , be set up right behind pit row . best seat in the house . warburton and riley help carmine serve free beer to a SMALL crowd as hutch and teddy sit in lounge chair check out the team prepping for the race . teddy dude , if I die right here , today , I be good with it . hutch check it out , there 's tony Stewart . and over there , Dale earnhardt Jr. hutch spot he idol , the squeaky clean nascar darling , jeff gordon . 77 . hutch yo , gordo ! today 's you day ! jeff gordon look over to hutch and give he the thumb up . teddy do you see that ? wonder Boy just give you prop . hutch that 's my main man right there . hutch call over to the beer truck . hutch riley ! how we doin’ ? riley be surround by hot chick as he serve they beer . riley this do not suck ! warburton toss out hibrau t-shirt between pour . hot chick like , how do I get one of that shirt ? warburton you take the one you have on , off . she do . then shake she tit and give a little giggle . warburton give riley a wink . riley give I some of that shirt ! he hand he a stack . warburton remember , hutch say we do not give this to fat chick . get it ? hutch get up from the lounge chair . hutch remember , people ! this be all compliment from you friend over at hibrau ! '' the number one choice of real nascar fan . '' hutch raise he beer cup . 78 . hutch hibrau rock ! hibrau rock ! the crowd join in . crowd hibrau rock ! hibrau rock ! ext . milwaukee mile speedway - infield - later the hibrau party have swell to a thousand plus . this be the place to be . hutch and he boy sit on top of the truck with a group of hot girl all sport hibrau tank top . they whoop it up for Jeff Gordon , who 's in the lead , head for the checker flag . hutch bring it , gordo ! bring it ! teddy he 's get it ! Gordon cross the finish line . winner . warburton okay lady , shirt up for Mr. Gordon ! the girl lift there tank top , salute Jeff Gordon . ext . milwaukee mile speedway - winner 's circle Jeff Gordon and he team be up on the podium celebrate they victory . Jeff chug the ceremonial bottle of milk . reveal - hutch have somehow work he way into the middle of the celebration . he hold up a hibrau beer can in victory and grab Jeff 's arm and raise it . hutch Jeff Gordon , a true champion ! everyone go nut . Jeff go with it then lean over to hutch . jeff gordon I do not know who you be , kid , but I like you style . 79 . hutch I be just a impressionable young lad who look up to you as role model , Mr. Gordon . hutch grin , present he with a business card . hutch hutch hutchinson , vice President , hibrau brewing company . I and the boy would like to invite you to my little house warming party tonight . it will be off the hook . guaranteed . he hand Jeff the can of hibrau . hutch address be write on the can . hope you can make it . hutch fist bump Jeff and take off , leave he dumbfounded . Jeff look at the can . photographer hey Jeff , over here ! Jeff turn to the photographer . photographer hold up the can ! Jeff do so awkwardly . the camera go SNAP , SNAP . photographer turn to hutch who toss he a hibrau t-shirt . ext . hutch 's loft - night the hibrau truck be park in front . we follow the beer tap line that run out of the truck and up the side of the building and into ... int . hutch 's loft - night ... the bar in hutch 's loft where carmine mix hibrau slurpee . the party from the raceway be now pack into hutch 's place . dude be party , girl be go wild and a live band rock the house . 80 . in the middle of the make - shift dance floor hutch grind it out with a hottie . teddy , warburton and riley egg on hutch into some dirty dance . teddy tear it up , dude ! own that ass ! hutch actually have some move . he spin , krump , etc. , as the onlooker cheer he on . the song end and the place erupt . riley hutch , you be the king ! hutch his majesty need a refill on ye ‘ol hibrau . as they head over to the bar ... jeff gordon and he pit crew enter through the front door . hutch gordo ! wow ! glad you could make it . Jeff Gordon look around . jeff gordon great set up . hutch thanks . this be teddy , riley and warburton . warburton frickin 's awesome ! jeff gordon Nice to meet you guy . this be my pit crew . they exchange hellos . hutch welcome , guy . make yourself at home . how ' bout some cold refresh hibrau ? jeff gordon I be not much of drinker . you have any milk ? hutch lead he to the bar . 81 . hutch c'mon . one beer will not kill ya . int . hutch 's loft - later hutch be work the party . he pass a group of girl . hutch have a good time , lady ? remember , '' Girls who drink hibrau be prettier than girl who do not . '' they look at he like he make sense . girl Hell yeah ! awesome ! he stroll over to the bar where Jeff Gordon be pounding beer with he pit crew . hutch not much of a drinker , huh , gordo ? Jeff Gordon have transformed from goody , goody jekyll to party monster hyde . jeff gordon wooo ! this party be insane ! yeah ! hutch there ya go . that 's the hibrau spirit - Jeff Gordon grab a bowl of peanut off the bar , dump it in he mouth like he 's slurping soup . hutch look like someone 's a little hungry . jeff gordon hungry like the wolf , bitch ! Jeff Gordon lean into hutch . whisper ... jeff gordon let 's get it on . hutch be a little creepe , not sure what he mean . jeff gordon chick , brother . wonder Boy need some tail ! 82. hutch oh . not a problem . hutch whistle over to a blonde on the couch . gesture for she to come over . she do . hutch Katie , this be Jeff - Jeff Gordon grab her . blast he tongue into she mouth . jeff gordon wonder boy likey ! Katie slap he . katie what the hell , dude ? Jeff Gordon grab he cheek . stun . jeff gordon wonder Boy likey , a lot . Katie storm off . hutch uh , gordo , you be like red-lining here . maybe down shift a gear or two ? Jeff Gordon 's focus be across the room where teddy , riley and warburton play nascar ' 09 on the 110 inch plasma . jeff gordon you race ? hutch do I race ? I be like unbeatable . jeff gordon then maybe you should stop act like a little pussy and get ready to take a ass beat . hutch you do not want to go there , gordo . Jeff Gordon drain he beer then stare down hutch . jeff gordon my picture 's on the God damn game box . 83. hutch let 's do this . int . hutch 's loft - moment later the entire party gather around hutch and Jeff Gordon as they get ready to duel it out in nascar ' 09 . hutch do warm - up tap on he controller . Jeff Gordon get stretch out by he pit crew . riley hold up a hibrau t-shirt as a start flag . riley racer 's on you mark ... set ... go! hutch and Jeff Gordon hit they controller , take off in they virtual car to the cheer of the crowd . the go neck and neck through the first lap . jeff gordon look like someone 's play this before . hutch I can race this mother in my sleep . as they come around the turn Jeff Gordon pull into the lead . jeff gordon oh , yeah ? do not forget who consult on this thing . hutch quick tap he controller and try to go inside . Jeff Gordon block he . jeff gordon rookie move , bitch . hutch execute a series of complicate tap and he car roar to the outside , edging past Jeff Gordon . jeff gordon what the hell ? I have never see that move ! hutch special unlock code from Japan . very hard to obtain . and even harder to execute . Jeff Gordon 's crew chief step up . 84. crew chief tire be low , j.g. , pull she in ! Jeff Gordon 's steer the car into the pit . he hand the controller to the Crew Chief . his pit Crew crowd around the controller , input repair . hutch call out to warburton ... hutch how's my fuel ? warburton we have get a eighth of a tank . hold she for another lap ! Jeff Gordon slam down a beer . jeff gordon ( to he crew ) let' go ! let 's go ! teddy watch Gordon 's pit crew . notice something . teddy hey ! they be use illegal cheat to increase horsepower ! crew chief no we be not ! Crew Chief push teddy . he fall into warburton . warburton not cool , chief ! warburton push Crew Chief back , harder . he fall into Jeff Gordon who spill he beer all over himself . hutch stand up , still focus on the racing . hutch everybody chill out ! okay ? Jeff Gordon be drench with beer ... and really piss . he wind up and throw a punch at warburton ... but miss and connect with riley 's face . riley shit ! jeff gordon just broke my friggin 's nose ! 85 . hutch drop he controller and tackle Jeff Gordon . it turn into a all out brawl . int . hibrau brewing CO . - conference room - day it 's the big day for the new idea . bracken and hutch , with a cut above he eye from the Jeff Gordon fight , listen as pittman and he team , dress in weasel costume , finish up they marketing presentation . pittman ... weayaya the weasel will be the new face of hibrau . he 's fun , mischievous and most importantly , love hibrau beer . bracken weayaya ? pittman it 's Native american . sioux . it mean , '' the setting Sun . '' everyone be confuse . hutch I actually kind of like it . have some great subliminal message . bracken if you like it , hutch , I like it . well do , pittman . across the room harvey and phil wait they turn . phil maybe we should have stick with the badger thing . harvey Little s.0. B do that on purpose . ( confident ) do not worry , we be go to blow everyone out of the water . bracken okay , who 's next ? harvey and phil gather up they stack of presentation board . 86 . harvey today we be go to present to you the next generation in hibrau marketing . although we budget be limited , phil and I have be able to secure a sponsorship deal that will put the hibrau name in front of million of potential new customer in a arena that up ' till now have only be accessible to the big boy at Miller and budweiser . harvey hold up a poster board show a pack of nascar car racing around track . he give hutch a '' I gotcha now '' smirk . harvey this '' supercharged billboard '' race each week at track around the country and be amongst the high rate event in sport television . phil hand he another poster board . harvey through savvy negotiation , we have secure a deal with nascar superstar , Mark Martin ! harvey turn over the poster board that show the Mark Martin racing car . executive uh , he car have a big tiger on it and say '' frosted flake '' . harvey phil , next board please . phil display a board with a close up of the front quarter panel of the kellogg 's car fill with a bunch of tiny decal include a hibrau . harvey ( point to the picture ) see , here we be , to the leave of the beef jerky sticker , above the ritz cracker and between the Winston light and purina cat Chow . harvey look proudly toward bracken . harvey this be where we want to be , sir . 87 . bracken hutch , we discuss this . you still feel strongly about it ? harvey ( whisper to phil ) let 's see the little s.0.b. get out of this one . hutch I do , sir . 100 % . bracken good work , gentleman - hutch and I do not want to step on any toe but as coincidence would have it , I have the opportunity to put together a little nascar deal as well . hutch walk over to the door and open it . in walk a black - eye jeff gordon , dressed in a leather hibrau racing suit . he 's accompany by a bruise up teddy , riley and warburton sport '' hibrau Racing team " swag . jeff gordon '' hibrau , the number one choice of real nascar fan . '' the jaw in the room be all on the floor . harvey 's nut sack be there as well . hutch through creative deal make and , more importantly , some kind of freakish brotherly bond bear out of barbaric male - bond , my man gordo here have agree to become part of the hibrau family . hutch present a mini scale model of the new hibrau racing car . the room applaud . harvey be a mess . jeff gordon it 's a honor to be part of this exciting opportunity . Racing car and work with guy like hutch be what life be all about . hutch give he a hug . 88 . hutch thanks , gordo . sorry again about the shiner . jeff gordon it 's all good , brother . bracken bravo ! hutch acknowledge teddy , riley and warburton . hutch my guy here know the world of nascar better than anyone I know . with you approval , Arthur , I have like they to head up the team . bracken brilliant ! hutch and we can incorporate weayaya the weasel into the marketing . bracken I love it ! all of it ! the room give a stand ovation as the guy pass out the mini-model hibrau racing car . harvey be melting down . int . harvey' office - day harvey have a craze look in he eye as he stare at the mini - model hibrau car on he desk . harvey ( talk to the car ) you think you be so great , do not you ? he gently push the car around the desk like a ten year - old . harvey all shiny and fast ... and full of great idea ... vroom , vroom . ( be the voice of the car ) look at I , I be perfect ! harvey move the car around a paperweight then over a stack of post - it note . 89 . harvey I can do anything I want . he guide the car toward he stapler . harvey oh , look . there 's a giant stapler in the middle of the track ... no problem , I will just go over it .... here I go over the stapler because I be the great ... with he other hand he pick up the stapler and smashes the model car into a 100 piece . harvey look at you now ! not so perfect , be we ? there 's a knock at the door . harvey snap back to reality . harvey just a sec . he quickly clean up the destroy car . gather himself . harvey okay , come in . the door open and in march sargent heinrick from security . sgt . heinrick gute tag , Mr. hutchinson . heinrick look down at he note pad . sgt . heinrick hutchinson . you related to hutch hutchinson , the genius man-child ? harvey ( annoyed ) yes . kind of busy here . sgt . heinrick as you know , we be in the thick of we ongoing investigation to expose this worthless excuse for a human be that exterminate Mr. bracken 's bentley . harvey as I say , I be busy . what do you want from I ? 90 . heinrick scan he note . sgt . heinrick I have a eye witness claim they see you exit the building quote , '' in a frenzy '' , the day of the incident . harvey I have work at hibrau for twenty - five year . everyday feel like a frenzy . now , if you 'il excuse I , sargent , I have get work to do . heinrick give he a long stare then turn for the door . he see something on the floor and bend down to grab it . it 's a wheel from the hibrau model car . he turn to harvey . sgt . heinrick I have get my eye on you , hutchinson . he pocket the wheel and be out the door . harvey slam he head down on the desk . fade to black . ext . hibrau brewing CO . - day Winter have come . the snow fall on a huge Christmas tree in front of the main building . int . hibrau brewing CO . - executive floor - morning holiday decoration be everywhere . Angela 's at she desk work hutch 's call . angela happy holiday , hutch hutchinson 's office ... please hold ... hutch hutchinson 's office ... int . hutch 's office - day hutch , stress out , stand behind he desk juggling call , review report , etc . teddy and riley be kick back on the couch . warburton be put golf ball . gl . hutch ( into phone ) that 's not gonna fly . the holiday be around the corner . get on it ! he disconnect then yell out to Angela . hutch Angela , I need the year - end employee review schedule ! angela ( 0.s. ) come ! hutch rub he temple . teddy dude , you need to chill . hutch chill ? I need to chill ? I do not have time to chill , or sleep or anything . holiday sale be flat , this crappy weather have distribution way behind and I have get employee year - end review come out of my ass . teddy like I say , you need to chill . Angela come in with the folder . angela here you go . the guy check out she ass as she leave . hutch you guy be pig . warburton and ? hutch and be we on track with the nascar stuff ? riley yup. hutch yup ? what the hell be yup ? 92 . teddy it mean yes . seriously hutch , you be go to have a heart attack . he plop on the couch between ‘em . hutch I know . I be really stress . the only thing that use to stress I out be run out of weed . warburton put he arm around he . he do . they file warburton it 's all good , guy . take a breath . hutch you guy come to the company Christmas party next week ? riley yup . warburton yup . teddy yup . hutch smart ass punk . get out of my office . out . teddy remember who love you , hutch . int . hibrau brewing CO . - hutch 's office - day hutch be all business as he give harvey he year - end review . harvey look wear , beat down , the life suck out of he . hutch not a terribly productive fourth quarter . what 's go on , harv ? harvey just stare off . 93. hutch hello ? anybody home ? harvey huh ? do you say something ? hutch I have put you on the Winter brew campaign and you have give I very little . you lack of effort be hurt sale . harvey ( lifeless ) I ' 1l get on it . hutch what happen to you enthusiasm ? you love for this company ? harvey whatever . I x11 work on it . hutch harvey , you need to pull it together . harvey I hear you . can you please stop harass I about everything . hutch bracken be riding my ass like nobody 's business . now get you act together or there 's go to be consequence . harvey consequence ? hutch for starter , I be hold you year - end bonus until thing improve . harvey stare at hutch , '' be you joke ? '' hutch now get out there and get to work . there 's still a few hour before the Christmas party . make the most of they . 94 . int . hibrau brewing CO . - brewery - day the company Christmas party in full swing . employee eat , drink and be merry . harvey and phil stand by the punch bowl that sit at the end of a long buffet table . harvey be fume . harvey can you believe it ? my own flesh and blood give I a bad year - end review ! phil well , my review go great . harvey shoot he a look then chug he punch . phil at least we get a nice bonus . harvey you get a bonus ? phil ( back peddle ) I can not remember . harvey chug another glass of punch . he spot hutch and teddy across the room laugh it up with a couple of secretary . harvey that little bastard . across the room hutch ( to a secretary ) ask teddy here . I have always have this freaky business sense . teddy dude , the only business sense you have be get out of the way when you puke all over yourself . hutch elbow he . teddy ow ! hutch he 's just kid around . right , teddy ? 95 . teddy no . hutch smashes he heel down on teddy 's toe . teddy yes ! hutch will you lady excuse we ? hutch pull teddy aside . hutch what be you do ? teddy um , get waste at a Christmas party and try to bag that red head chick . hutch you can not say that kind of stuff around the employee . I need to maintain a authoritative persona . teddy do you just say , '' authoritative persona '' , or be that some other asshole ? hutch I tell you , I be under a lot of pressure . ( beat ) I be sorry , okay ? teddy just lighten up and have fun . can you still do that ? at the front of the room the band stop play and bracken take the mike . bracken welcome everybody to the annual hibrau holiday party ! everyone clap . bracken every year we have a talent competition , and this year be no exception . so whoever have on they dance shoe and want to win some fantastic prize , waltz yourself out to the dance floor ! teddy grab hutch . raise he arm . teddy hutch be in ! the crowd cheer . hutch what the hell be you do ? teddy dude , you say you could still have fun . so here you go . hutch no , I be not do it . crowd hutch ! hutch ! hutch ! hutch reluctantly give in . hutch okay , okay . I be in . harvey , who continue to pound the punch , light up . harvey phil , hold my jacket . phil what be you do ? harvey he steal my promotion , take my position at short stop and hold my bonus , but he be not takin’ this one . opportunity knock , phil . hutch be finally go down ! harvey chug the rest of he drink and stumble to the dance floor . he get right up in hutch 's face . harvey you're go down , mr . I can hit a curve ball . booo yaaaaa ! 97 . that be weird . hutch grab harvey . pull he in so no one can hear . hutch do you hear the man ? he say dance contest . you be go to embarrass yourself . take a seat - harvey oh , look , everyone . mr. big time vice president be scare he’s go to lose ! hutch stop it , will you ? harvey cluck around like a chicken . hutch have have enough . hutch Fine . let 's do this . the music start . they walk in a circle size each other up . harvey ease in to a 80 's dance grove then transition into Michael Jackson 's thriller . hutch be completely surprised at harvey 's dance ability . harvey that 's right . you old man here have get some move ! harvey stop on a dime and spanks he ass at hutch . the crowd love it . hutch signal the band to up the beat . he move out to the middle of the floor and bust out a sick B - boy routine . harvey and hutch battle back and forth : breakin 's , salsa , river dance , macarena , hava nagila . the crowd cheer they on . harvey motion for the crowd to back up to give he room . he wink over to the band and they start play , '' you should be dancing '' , by the bee gee 's . harvey pull off a perfect , move - by -move dance sequence of the famous travolta solo dance scene from '' saturday night FEVER " . it 's amazing . bracken lady and gentleman , we have a winner ! the crowd go nut . hutch go to shake harvey 's hand . 98 . hutch good win . really impressed - harvey pull he hand away . flail around like a mad man . trash talk . harvey I take you down , loser . I am the man . woo hoo . hutch easy , harv . harvey easy like sunday morning . that 's how I beat you , mr. vice president ! harvey continue to bounce around and trash talk ... harvey I am the man - but he lose control and bust a move into the buffet table , take out the table leg . like a row of dominos , one - by- one the trays full of food crash to the floor , end with a smash punch bowl finale , drench harvey . the room be silent . bracken walk over to harvey and hand he he prize . bracken congratulation on the win . harvey look at the prize . it 's a hibrau racing team t-shirt . a few clap from the crowd then everyone go back to drink and mingling . harvey crawl off through the buffet slop , already forget . ext . hibrau brewing CO . - evening harvey brace himself from the frigid cold and shuffles toward the snow fill parking lot , a break man . int . hibrau brewing CO . - executive floor - morning it 's early in the morning and Angela be the first one in . she make she way to she desk . she flip the page on she calender to the new year then head into hutch 's office . 99 . int . hutch 's office - continuous Angela enter and flip the light on . hutch be face down on the floor . she rush over to he . angela hutch ! be you okay ? he wake up . hutch huh ? yeah . hey , Angela . I must have fall asleep . I have not be home in two day . angela what be you do here ? hutch sale be way off over Christmas and bracken blow he load . I have be work all week . how be Chicago ? angela it be fine . get to see the family and eat like a pig . hutch cool . angela how be you Christmas ? hutch I spend it at Taco Bell . angela what ? hutch I get in another fight with my dad . angela you need to work thing out with he , hutch . hutch I can not deal with it right now . I have too much work to do . 100 . int . hibrau brewing CO . - conference room bracken rant around the room like a rabid dog . hutch key in on harvey who look like a shell of he former self . bracken it be we worst holiday season in year . I do not want to hear excuse ! if you be not perform , you be go . that go for all of you ! harvey just stare off into space . hutch know it 's only a matter of time until harvey get the axe . int . hibrau brewing CO . - conference room - later the meeting have break up . harvey pass hutch as he exit the room . hutch hey . but harvey 's in another world . he walk past without a word . hutch good to see you , too . int . racing garage - day hutch inspect the paint job on the new hibrau racing car with teddy , warburton and riley . he 's really stress . hutch the hood logo be not big enough . I tell you guy , quarter panel to quarter panel . teddy it 's just a mock up . we ’1ll adjust it . hutch and the green color be not right . it look like frickin’ lucky charm . what the hell , guy ? riley we can change it . season do not start for a few more week . we have plenty of time . 101 . hutch that you lame excuse ? warburton calm down , man . hutch do not '' man '' I ! this be not acceptable ! it 's go to be my ass if this be not right . teddy you better remember who you be talk to , hutch . we be not you little patsy at the office . hutch what you guy be be complete screw up ! I hand you the dream job of a lifetime and you can not even get the simple stuff straight . he stare at teddy wait for a response . teddy hutch , go screw yourself , you douche bag . teddy turn and walk out . warburton follow . hutch that 's real mature . he turn to riley . hutch that numb nut do not realize what a good thing they have . riley neither do you , hutch . riley head out the door . hutch screw you guy ! you be dead weight anyway ! hutch gather himself . he take a deep breath try to calm down . he look over at the car . hutch it 's the wrong shade of green . 102 . he scream then punch the air . int . hutch 's loft - night hutch be on the couch review sale report . there 's a knock at the door . hutch what ? annoy , he go to open the door . hutch ( surprised ) Mom ? Marilyn balance a stack of tupperware . marilyn I hope you be hungry . I bring leftover . hutch you do not have to do that . she look around at the fast food wrapper , pizza box and empty Red bull can scattered around the loft . marilyn yes , I do . now invite I in before I drop the tupperware . hutch grab the stack and lead she over to the couch . she notice the paperwork . marilyn look like they have you work pretty hard . hutch you would not believe it . ( beat ) but I get it handle . marilyn you sound like you dad . hutch funny one . marilyn I be not joke , hutch . 103 . hutch take a moment . then ... hutch how 's he do ? marilyn I think he miss you . hutch yeah , miss tell I what to do . marilyn he really do , hutch . and deep down inside , he 's incredibly proud of you . hutch he 's get a funny way of show it . marilyn he 's go through a weird time right now . ( beat ) I be not tell you what to do , but despite he fault , you dad have always be there for you . make a effort , okay ? int . hibrau brewing CO . - marketing dept . - day hutch gather himself then knock on harvey 's office door . phil ( 0.s. ) he 's not here , hutch . hutch turn to see phil behind he . hutch hey , phil . be my dad at lunch ? phil he do not come in . take a sick day . hutch a sick day ? I do not think he 's ever take a sick day . be he sick ? phil lean in . phil between you and I , I think he 's just sick of come in . 104 . int . hutchinson home - kitchen - day Marilyn serve harvey some lunch . marilyn okay , harv . I have get to go show a house . you go to be okay ? harvey I be fine . ( beat ) be thing go well ? marilyn be what go well ? harvey you career . be you career go well ? she look at he curiously . marilyn it 's go great . thanks for ask . harvey where 's the show ? marilyn over on maple . Three bedroom craftsman . harvey knock ‘em dead . marilyn thanks , harvey . she give he a kiss and head out . int . hutchinson home - day harvey enter the live room where Nicole be work on she video project . nicole hey dad , how come there 's hardly any video from the last few year ? ( more ) 105 . nicole ( cont 'd ) there 's ton of footage from when you and Mom first get marry and when we be little kid , but it 's pretty thin after that . why do you stop filming stuff ? this hit harvey hard . he do not know what to say . nicole it 's cool , dad . I x11 make it work . int . hutchinson home - night harvey come upstairs to call it a night . he stop in front of hutch 's old bedroom , then go in . int . hutch 's bedroom - continuous rachael Ray lay on the bed , totally depressed . harvey look around the sterilize room . the energy of hutch have be clean away . harvey have a moment . then ... begins messing up the room . unmaking the bed , toss playstation game and magazine . he open the drawer and unload sock and underwear onto the floor . he look around , grin . harvey that 's better . rachael Ray bark in agreement . harvey turn to walk out . Marilyn stand in the doorway . marilyn quit be a stubborn ass and go talk to he . int . hutch 's loft - night a knock on the door . hutch open it , revealing harvey . harvey ( uncomfortable ) hey , hutch . 106 . hutch ( more uncomfortable ) I think you be the pizza guy . come on in . harvey enter the loft . harvey wow . Nice place . hutch it 's fine . I be not really here that much . harvey Long hour at work , huh ? hutch like 24-7. they head over to the couch . harvey notice a pile of crumpled up paper on the coffee table . harvey what be you work on ? hutch bracken 's riding my ass for new product idea . he do not let up . harvey get anything ? hutch not yet . unless neon color beer sound like a good idea ? harvey I have hear better . ( beat ) do you have a minute to talk ? hutch sure . they sit . hutch tear a Red bull out of a case on the floor . hutch drink ? harvey wave it off . hutch open one for himself . 107 . hutch you sure ? drink this stuff and you can stay up for a week . harvey you have any beer ? hutch ( sarcastic ) do I have any beer ? hutch go to the fridge and grab a six pack of hibrau . he head back to the couch and hand a beer to harvey . harvey join I ? hutch be suspicious . hutch this feel like some kind of set - up . think I could not drink in front of you ? harvey that 's when you be just a dumb ass kid . open one for yourself , will ya ? hutch open one . harvey hold up he can . harvey a toast . to my son ... and boss , hutch hutchinson , who 's not only smart and a hard worker , but have prove that there 's not just one path to success . I be really proud of you and I be sorry it 's take I so long to tell you . ( beat ) more importantly , I want you to know that have you in my life and spend time with the family be more important than any promotion . hutch be touch . hold up he can . hutch I 'il drink to that . ( beat ) and to harvey hutchinson . one hell of a s.o.b. who teach I everything I know . ( more ) 108 . hutch ( cont 'd ) and even though he 's make my life hell for the past twenty year , I would not trade he for a million stock option . ( beat ) and I be sorry if I give you too much of you own medicine . harvey Fair enough . i’11 drink to that . they clink can . hutch chug he beer then crush the can against he head . harvey look at hutch like he 's nut . then harvey chug he beer and crush the can like hutch . they both crack up . int . hutch 's loft - later empty beer can litter the coffee table . hutch and harvey be pretty buzze . they laugh it up and tell storey , bond . harvey yeah . well when I be a senior in High School I get catch with a girl in the locker room . hutch Big deal . harvey she be my Spanish teacher . hutch Nice ! harvey do not tell you mother . hutch well , once teddy and I break into a house and steal they new Sony plasma . we pawn it to get ticket for a buck game . harvey hutch , be you insane ! hutch what ? you say I could tell you anything . 109 . harvey that tv be from our live room ! hutch oops . we be pretty mess up that night . sorry . harvey let it go . they share a laugh . harvey okay . if I tell you this next thing you have to swear you will never tell anybody . hutch ( cross himself ) on the hot asian weather chick from CNN . harvey I be the one who bust up bracken 's bentley . hutch shut up ! you did not . harvey oh yes , I do . the day you get the promotion . it be sort of a accident . hutch toast he . hutch you , my pop , be the king of king ! harvey grab for he beer but mistakenly pick up a red bull and take a big swig . he perk up . harvey whoa ! what 's in this stuff ? hutch I do not know . all sort of crap . ( read the can ) '' Red bull vitalize the body and mind . " harvey chug some more as a light bulb flicker in he head . harvey you know what would be a interesting idea ? 110 . hutch take this father son bond thing to the next level and call over some hooker ? harvey no . check this out . harvey hold up a can of hibrau and a can of Red bull harvey ( with a grin ) hibrau energy beer . hutch genius ! harvey Bet that stuff would sell , huh ? hutch like naked picture of vanessa hudgen . hutch grab a note pad off the coffee table . they start to riff on the idea . montage - harvey and hutch work on the ENERGY Beer idea -- late night in harvey 's office , they work on the concept . harvey 's get he motivation back . -- harvey and hutch taste energy beer sample with the brew master . -- harvey show hutch a mock up of the energy beer can . he love it . -- hutch have reconcile with he boy . consult with they on the energy beer concept . -- hutch and harvey play playstation in hutch 's loft , finalize idea and laugh it up . Father and son be at peace . int . hutchinson home - day harvey and hutch practice the energy beer presentation to Marilyn and Nicole . 111 . harvey and that , lady and gentleman , be the all new hibrau Energy beer . hutch hold up the mock up can . hutch '' hibrau Energy beer -- have a blast ! " . Marilyn and Nicole love it . they applaud . harvey thank you , thank you ! harvey grab something from under the table . it 's a brand new video camera . he hand it to Nicole . harvey how about we go through it again and you can film it . maybe use the footage for you project . nicole awesome . thanks , dad . she fire up the camera and they go again . int . hibrau brewing CO . - day harvey and hutch stand outside the conference room . harvey you ready to do this ? hutch it 's on . harvey like donkey kong. hutch what ? harvey just go with it . they bump fist . 112 . int . hibrau brewing CO . - conference room - day hutch and harvey give they presentation to bracken and the execs . hutch it 's a revolutionary new product that could double hibrau 's market share within six month . this man next to I , harvey hutchinson , be the brain child behind this incredible idea . harvey . harvey thank you , hutch . what I be about to present here combine - the door open and in walk sargent heinrick . he carry a file folder . bracken sargent heinrick , we be in the middle of a meeting . sgt . heinrick I have solve it , sir . we find the scum that exterminate you bentley , sir . he open the file folder and toss out grainy photo of harvey at the scene of the crime . harvey ( sotto ) crap . bracken look at the photo then to harvey . bracken a inside job . I be disappointed in you , hutchinson . harvey Mr. bracken , it be a accident . bracken sargent heinrick , arrest this man ! harvey but - sargent heinrick pull out the cuff . 113. harvey Sir , please let I explain ? bracken make it quick . harvey I have work at hibrau for twenty - five year and I have put my heart and soul into this place . sometimes at the cost of my own family . the day I accidently wreck you car be a very emotional time for I . I know I should have come forward earlier , but I do not , and that be a mistake . I truly apologize , sir . bracken contemplate ... bracken arrest he , sargent heinrick , and he 's fire . get this man out of my face . heinrick approach harvey . harvey I ’1l1 leave on my own , thank you . ( to bracken ) and for the record , I quit ! harvey walk to the door with he head hold high . bracken hutch , can we get on with it ? what 's this great idea ? hutch look over to harvey , then back to bracken . hutch well Mr. bracken , the great idea be that ... you can go fuck yourself . harvey can not believe what hutch just do . but he love it . bracken how dare you ! you ’1ll never work in this business as long as I live ! hutch let 's hope that will not be too long . hutch walk over to harvey who stand at the door . 114 . hutch how ' bout we get the hell out of this dump , '' dad '' ? harvey that sound like a great idea , '' so n '' . as they head out the door they both turn around and flip off bracken . fade out . int . hutchinson home - live room - night the whole family be gather around the television , eat pizza and watch Nicole 's complete video project . ( insert video ) - hutchinson home - live room - night we see hutch and harvey practice the presentation the day harvey give Nicole the camera . nicole ( v.o. ) ... then my dad and my brother come up with this amazing idea for the company they work at . ( video ) - ext . hutchinson home - day hutch and harvey be in the driveway the day of the hibrau presentation . Marilyn wish they good luck . harvey 's about to get into the passenger seat of hutch 's benz . hutch whistle to he , then toss harvey the key . ( video ) - int . hutchinson home - day hutch and harvey arrive home after get fire . marilyn how would it go ? harvey not quite as plan . we get fire . marilyn what ? oh , no - 115 . hutch it be awesome ! and we take the bus home . harvey grab Marilyn . plant she with a passionate kiss . harvey let 's celebrate . dinner wherever you guy want ! Marilyn look over at Nicole who 's filming and shrug . nicole ( 0.s. ) I think they have go insane . marilyn I kind of like it . she grab harvey and kiss he back . ( video ) - int . hutchinson home - garage - day hutch and harvey be work intently . nicole ( v.o. ) both dad and hutch be out of work but they be like really stoke and act weird , work on some secret project . ( video ) - int . hutchinson home - garage - night harvey and hutch take a break from work and play hockey with golf club . harvey score a goal on hutch and lift he club in the air . nicole ( v.o. ) but they be have fun and act like idiot as well . ( video ) - int . hutchinson home - garage - day the garage have be transformed into a real work space . hutch and harvey address they staff which include teddy , warburton , riley , Angela and phil . harvey thanks to all of you hard work , hutch and I be proud to present ... hutch reach into a box and pull out a can of ... 116 . hutch hutchinson Energy beer ! everyone applaud . hutch break open the box and pass out the can . he hand one to harvey . Nicole zoom in on the can as hutch and harvey toast . she zoom out to revel that we be now in ... ( video ) - int . hutchinson brewery - day hutch and harvey stand together in the small brewery . harvey / hutch cheer ! the staff have get larger . they all raise they can . staff cheer ! nicole ( v.o . ) it be pretty amazing what they pull off . hutch turn to harvey . hutch okay , so you sure you can handle this on you own ? harvey very funny . hutch scoops up he book bag . hutch I ‘’1l be back after my marketing exam . harvey pass it or you be fire . hutch that 's the old harv I love . hutch and teddy take off as harvey celebrate with the staff . ( video ) - ext . hutchinson home - backyard - day harvey , Marilyn , hutch and rachael Ray hang out . 117 . nicole ( v.o . ) thing be go great for the hutchinson . in addition to the brewery , dad be at peace , hutch be in school , Mom have she family back and I finally finish this project . Nicole join the family in front of the camera . wrangle they to pose for a final shot . nicole ( v.o. ) and that be the story of the hutchinson . it 's not all pretty , but it 's all true . back to scene - int . hutchinson home - live room - night the family applaud . rachael Ray bark she support ... then snatch the pizza box and dash toward the stair . the hutchinson 's laugh it up as they scramble after she . fade out . the end