info the Old Dark House fade in it 's a dark and stormy night -- the ultimate dark and stormy night -- on a muddy road somewhere in the welsh mountain . a feeble 1930s - era automobile struggle through the blind rain and lurch to a halt . one of its wheel spin in the mud . Inside the car , a frustrated Philip waverton -- too serious , too marry , too thirtyish -- sit in the driver 's seat and yank on the gear shift . his blonde wife Margaret -- a attractive but uptight sophisticate who believe everything she read in she woman 's magazine -- sit nervously beside he . philip waverton : Hell ! margaret waverton : what be you stop for ? philip waverton : I be stop for a rest . margaret waverton : really , Philip , you can not stop here . for pity 's sake , either go on or go back . you can not expect I to spend the night like a half - drown rat on a mountainside . philip waverton : better to stop than drive the car gently over a cliff , be not it ? margaret waverton : well , it will not help thing lose you temper . philip waverton : I have never be in a better temper in my life . I love drive a hundred mile through the dark , practically without headlight . I love the trickle of ice cold water pour down my neck . a trickle of ice cold water pour off Philip 's hat brim and down he neck . philip waverton : this be one of the happiest moment of my life . margaret waverton : would you like I to drive for a bit ? philip waverton : yes , I be expect that . Philip put the car in gear . steam wisp out of the radiator as the car clatter down the road . margaret waverton : oh , I shall be glad when we get to shrewsbury . philip waverton : if we get to shrewsbury . margaret waverton : you happen to have any idea where we be ? philip waverton : I have not the least idea in the world . margaret waverton : that 's very comforting . philip waverton : you all right , penderel ? sprawle across the back seat , lighting he pipe , be roger penderel -- a veteran of the first World War , he 's the lose generation 's version of a slacker . penderel : Fine . where be we ? philip waverton : we do not know . we have lose we way . we be somewhere in the welsh mountain , it 's half past nine , and I be very sorry . penderel ( amused ) : do not mention it . philip waverton : ten to one we do not see shrewsbury tonight . penderel : oh , well , never mind . ( sing ) oh , mister waverton , what shall I do ? I want to go to shrewsbury but they take I on to [ Crew ? ]. ( speak ) as a matter of fact , take one thing with another , I be not particularly sure that I want to go to shrewsbury . Far as that go , I do not particularly want to go anywhere . something might happen here , but nothing ever happen in shrewsbury . Philip glance threateningly at Margaret . philip waverton : something certainly might happen here . penderel : well , I will tell you something that might happen . I do not want to frighten Mrs. waverton . margaret waverton : go on , Mr. penderel . I be not easily frighten . penderel ( cheerfully ) : be not you ? I be . well , I be just go to say , we will have to be a bit careful -- the car promptly round a corner and smashes into a sharp edge of rock jutting out of a hillside . after a pause , the car push forward until the road disappear and the vehicle , with a roar and a splash , submerges axle-deep in stand water , where it jerk to a halt . margaret waverton : do not stop ! philip waverton : how can I help stop ? you think we be in a motorboat ? penderel ( sing , to the tune of " here come the bride ... " ) : stuck for the night ! stuck for the night ! stuck -- margaret waverton : mister penderel , please ! penderel : sorry . Philip gun the engine . a wheel spin . for a moment , it look doubtful that they will get unstuck . margaret waverton : do you think we will do it ? philip waverton : I really do not know . penderel lean forward and wave he handkerchief daintily . penderel : bon voyage . penderel lean back and put he foot up on the front seat just as the wheel catch and the car somehow make it to dry land . margaret waverton : well , now , for heaven 's sake , stop ! let 's look at a map or something . penderel : my own view be we be not on a map . the car roll to a stop as Margaret struggle with a large but incredibly soggy piece of paper . margaret waverton : oh , you look , Philip , I can not see anything . it 's all a stupid puddle . she hand the map to Philip but it 's clearly unreadable by anyone . philip waverton : seem to represent this country very well . everything here be underwater . penderel : oh , just drive on . we will arrive somewhere , sometime . philip waverton : I suppose that 's all we can do . Philip throw the map at Margaret and start the car . penderel ( sing ) : singin ' in the bathtub , singin ' in the rain .... the drive rain and wind obscure the rest of the lyric . the tiny car pass alongside a mountain just as a sudden landslide slam into it , nearly knock it off the road . Margaret scream . the road behind they be instantly block by several ton of mud and stone . the car manage to stay on the road and press forward . Margaret spot something up ahead . margaret waverton : oh , look , phil ! light ! light ! pull in there . a old dark house -- actually a huge , multi-story , seventeenth - century mansion with a few light window and smoke pour from a chimney -- loom out of the storm . it do not look very invite . philip waverton : probably wiser to push on . margaret waverton : well , I be for stay here . as if to settle the debate , mud and rock pour down in front of they , block the road ahead . penderel : there you be . the whole hilltop have probably fall off . Philip nose the car through the tall stone gate surround the estate and approach the mansion -- surprisingly large to be in such a out - of - the - way place -- until it tower above they . the car stop at the mansion 's front door . CUT to : the front step , a moment later . the three weary traveler emerge from the park car and climb the steep stone step in the drive rain . penderel vigorously ring the doorbell and pound on the front door , while the other stomp they foot and shake the rainwater off they clothes . when no one answer , penderel lower he voice to recite a bit of poetry . penderel : ' be there anybody there ? , say the Traveller . ' margaret waverton : knock again , louder . penderel : I should have think that be loud enough to wake the dead . that 's a idea . philip waverton : what be ? penderel : would not it be dramatic ? suppose the people inside be dead , all stretch out with the light quietly burn about they . margaret waverton : I be sure it would be very amusing . penderel : I be sure I could do with a drink . if people have to be soak , they should be soak inside , not out . philip waverton : listen . margaret waverton : what be it ? philip waverton : I think I hear something . with a thump , the front door be unlock and open slightly . half of a hideous , bearded face be visible in the crack -- stare silently at the three , as if peer out from another world . this be morgan , the butler -- a brutish , giant hulk of a man with a full black beard and matte hair over a low forehead . penderel glance at the waverton who be just as startle as he . penderel turn to Morgan . penderel : good evening . we have come to ask for shelter . we have lose we way . we be absolutely cut off . do not you understand ? we can not go forward and we can not go back . the door open a little more to reveal the rest of Morgan 's face -- just as ugly and misshapen as the first half . penderel : the road 's block on both side . landslide . Morgan attempt to say something but it emerge as a indecipherable and very queer gurgle sound . he abruptly shut the door . a confuse penderel turn to the waverton . penderel : even welsh ought not sound like that . the sound of a loud chinese go come from somewhere inside the house leave the three shiver traveler look at each other with concern . the door reopen and Morgan beckon they to enter . they rush into the house . CUT to : the house 's MAIN room , second later . the three traveler try to slap the rain water off they coat . [ the gigantic MAIN room be the kind of room you rarely see , except on the stage , be a combination of entrance hall , lounge , dining room , draw room -- lofty and panele with a large open fireplace in a far corner , a broad staircase run up and around to a balcony and a gallery that traverse the entire room . the fireplace be a smolder ruin . the oversize wooden dining room table be very old . all the chair -- the straight - back one at the table and the stuff one ' round the fire -- be fade and crazy . the electric light occasionally flicker make the whole place seem jumpy and oddly uncertain . ] a prissy , skeletal man appear at the top of the staircase , make he way down to the bottom , and , after a pregnant pause , introduce himself in a voice as thin as he be . horace femm : my name be femm . Horace femm . philip waverton : how do you do ? I be very sorry to break in on you like this . my name be waverton . May I introduce my wife ? margaret waverton : how do you do ? Horace turn to penderel . penderel ( a little too cheerfully ) : penderel ! horace femm : charme , I be sure . penderel : how do you do ? horace femm : wo not you sit down ? penderel : thank you . penderel notice Horace 's eye turn glassy as he lead the group across the room , over to some chair next to the fireplace . Horace pick up a bowl and a bouquet of flower lie nearby . horace femm ( matter - of -fact ) : my sister be on the point of arrange this flower . Horace promptly throw the flower into the roaring fire . he then gesture for the three to take a seat . the waverton pretend not to notice Horace 's odd behavior , though penderel glance at the empty bowl in Horace 's hand and then at the flower burn in the fire . penderel : I do not know if you man explain the situation to you . horace femm : he do he best but I be afraid I could not understand he . you see , Morgan be dumb . penderel : oh , I see . of course , I do not realize . we see you light and wonder if you would be kind enough to give we shelter for the night . you see it 's quite impossible to go on . horace femm : I see . how awkward . how very awkward . rebecca femm , carry a light candle , appear on the second floor gallery just above they . nearly as old as Horace , she be as short and chubby as he be tall and thin , and gratingly shout nearly everything she say . rebecca femm ( to Horace ) : what be it ? what do they want ? horace femm ( to the guest ) : allow I to introduce my sister , miss Rebecca femm . penderel , philip & margaret : how do you do ? Rebecca race across the gallery and down the stair , ranting like a maniac . rebecca femm : what be they do here ? what do they want ? the three guest collectively manage to wear a polite mask . penderel , philip & margaret : how do you do ? Rebecca pay no attention to they and cross to Horace , act as if the guest be not really there . rebecca femm : what do they say ? what do they want ? what be they do here ? what 's all the fuss about ? what ? horace femm ( to the guest ) : you must excuse my sister . she 's a little deaf . in fact , sometimes quite deaf . Horace move closer to Rebecca just as Morgan appear from behind she to carry off she candle . Horace put he face close to hers . horace femm ( to Rebecca ) : they want to know if they can stay here for the night . shelter . they have be catch in the storm . rebecca femm : of course they can not stay ! we can not have they here ! she stalk away to sit by the wall . the three guest begin protest , drow each other out , then stop . amuse by this , penderel turn to Philip . penderel ( to Philip ) : go on ... philip waverton ( to the femm ) : you see , there 's a landslide . half the mountain seem to be crumble . it only just miss we . the road 's block behind we and I be pretty sure it 's block in front as well . we hate to intrude but what else can we do ? penderel : you see there be not anywhere else we can go . and even the road below be underwater and , for that matter , this place itself may be underwater pretty soon or even bury . Horace drop the flower bowl with a loud crash . philip waverton : what 's the matter ? in a panic , Horace rush to Rebecca who sit against a wall , smirk at he . horace femm : do you hear what he say ? there 's a landslide and flood . the lake have burst its bank . we be trap . we be trap . we have get to go . do you hear ? we have get to go . Rebecca eye Horace contemptuously as he quiver . rebecca femm : hmmph . you be afraid , Horace . you be afraid , be not you ? you do not believe in God and yet you be afraid to die . you have see his anger in the sky and you have hear him in the night . and you be afraid . afraid . afraid . where 's you mock now ? you might well be afraid . you time will come . but it have not come yet . this house be safe . I know it better than you . Morgan ! a clap of thunder as the ominous Morgan turn and meet Rebecca as she cross to he . rebecca femm : you remember the great storm year ago when we be cut off ? and there be a landslide . and flood . and the road be wash away ? Morgan nod , wave he arm in a sweeping gesture to include the whole house , and then point insistently toward the floor . rebecca femm : Morgan remember . he mean this house be safe . because it 's build on rock . a triumphant Rebecca return to she seat by the wall as a calmer Horace rise to address the guest . horace femm : you will have to stay here . the misfortune be yours , not ours . rebecca femm ( scream ) : no bed ! they can not have bed ! horace femm : as my sister hint , there be , I be afraid , no bed . margaret waverton : that 's quite all right . if we can just sit around the fire that will be fine . horace femm : by all mean . I be not very sure that I want to go to bed myself tonight . Morgan will tend to the fire . Morgan throw a few log on the fire . Philip look out the window . philip waverton : be there any place I can put the car out of the rain ? horace femm : there be some stable ' round the corner , to the right . Morgan will show you . Morgan glance at Rebecca who nod in reluctant agreement . clearly , he take he order from she . philip waverton : thanks very much . penderel : I will come along and get the bag . philip waverton : right . Philip , penderel and Morgan cross to the front door . rebecca femm : no bed ! you can not have bed ! CUT to : Philip , penderel and Morgan climb down the front step in darkness and rain to unload the bag from the car . Philip do the unload , throw the bag to penderel . penderel : quite a storm ! philip waverton : we be well out of it . penderel : I hope you be right , though this house give I the creep , not to mention its inmate . philip waverton : well , it 's better than drive along road that be not there . at least there 's a roof and a fire here . with a savage gesture , Morgan beckon Philip to follow he to the stable . penderel re-enter the house with the bag . CUT to : the MAIN room . Margaret open the door for penderel . Horace emerge from the house 's main corridor to confront penderel with a tray . horace femm : now , mister penderel , do you think that you could join I in a drink ? penderel ( very pleased ) : mister femm , I honestly believe I could join you in a drink . Horace , penderel and Margaret cross the MAIN room to the fireplace as Rebecca look on with disapproval . Horace pour , a little eagerly . horace femm : it 's only gin , you know . only gin . I like gin . Rebecca , still at the wall , crinkle she nose at this comment . Horace hand out the gin to Margaret and penderel . horace femm : Mrs. waverton ? margaret waverton : thanks very much . horace femm : mister penderel , I will give you a toast that you will not appreciate , be young . I give you -- illusion ! penderel : illusion ? huh ! I be precisely the right age for that toast , mister femm . penderel drink . horace femm : oh . I presume you be one of the gentleman slightly , shall we say , batter by the war ? penderel : correct , mister femm . War generation , slightly soile , a study in the bittersweet , the man with the twisted smile , and this , mister femm , be exceedingly good gin . a wick crash of thunder as the two man drink . horace femm : dreadful night . seem to be get worse . penderel : yes , it be pretty bad . but evidently there 's no danger here . you sister be quite definite about that . horace femm : but suppose we be cut off , shut up in here ? penderel : well , it would be rather a nuisance for you have we billete on you like this . horace femm : but it 's awful . how can you be so calm ? you do not seem to understand . we may be cut off . shut up in this house ! Horace try to get a grip on himself . penderel look around , sense that something more than the storm be frightening Horace . horace femm : I be afraid I be rather nervous . I be rather a nervous man . but the fact be ... ( lower he voice ) Morgan be a uncivilize brute . sometimes he drink heavily . a night like this would set he go and once he 's drunk , he 's rather dangerous . I do not wish to alarm you , Mrs. waverton , but I do not quite know what we should do . but Margaret be not easily frighten . margaret waverton ( cheerfully ) : well , I know what I be go to do . that be , if miss femm will let I . rebecca femm : what ? margaret waverton : I be dreadfully wet and I would be so glad if I could go and change my clothes . rebecca femm : what ? margaret waverton : I wonder if I might change my thing ? rebecca femm : you look wet . you would better go and change you thing . margaret waverton ( amused ) : oh , thank you . a good idea . be there a bedroom or something ? Rebecca rise , pick up she candle , and lead Margaret out of the main room through the door that lead to the house 's main corridor . CUT to : Rebecca and Margaret as they slowly make they way down the darken MAIN corridor where curtain , hang over half open window , billow ominously in the wind . Rebecca must cup she hand around the candle flame to keep it from go out . margaret waverton : it 's a dreadful night . rebecca femm : what ? margaret waverton : I say , it 's a dreadful night . rebecca femm : yes , it 's a very old house . very old . margaret waverton : very kind of you to let we stay . rebecca femm : what ? margaret waverton : I say , you be very kind ! rebecca femm : yes , it 's a dreadful night . I be a little deaf . margaret waverton : I understand . rebecca femm : yes . no bed ! the two woman enter Rebecca 's bedroom . CUT to : rebecca' bedroom , a moment later . oppressive and dark . rebecca femm : I will have none of this electric light . I will not have it . Rebecca light two candle in front of the room 's warpe mirror as Margaret unpack she bag . a bed , a dress - table and a shut window be visible . margaret waverton : thanks very much . I can manage quite well now . but Rebecca make no move to leave . rebecca femm : my sister Rachel have this room once . she die when she be twenty - one . she be a wick one . handsome and wild as a hawk . all the young man use to follow she about . with she red lip and she big eye and she white neck . but that do not save she . she fall off she horse , hunt . hurt she spine . on this bed she lay -- month after month . many the time I sit here listen to she scream . margaret waverton : how dreadful . rebecca femm : she use to cry out to I ... to kill she . but I would tell she to turn to the Lord . but she do not . she be godless to the last . margaret waverton : well , I would better change my wet thing . a increasingly unsettle Margaret begin to undress hastily but Rebecca keep right on , she twisted reflection appear in the warpe mirror opposite she , distorting she face . rebecca femm : they be all godless here . they use to bring they woman here . brazen , lolling creature in silk and satin . they fill the house with laughter and sin , laughter and sin . if I ever go down among they -- my own father and brother -- they would tell I to go away and pray . they would not tell Rachel to go away and pray . ha ha ha ha ha ! and I pray ! I leave they with they lustful red and white woman . my father 's still alive . he 's upstairs . he 's very old . margaret waverton : oh , be he ? rebecca femm : he 's a hundred and two . margaret waverton : that 's very old , be not it ? rebecca femm : he 's a wick , blasphemous old man . Margaret put on dry clothes : high -heeled shoe and a revealing white dress . Rebecca circle she ominously and move uncomfortably close . rebecca femm : you be wick , too . Young and handsome . silly . and wick . you think of nothing but you long , straight leg and you white body and how to please you man . you revel in the joy of fleshly love , do not you ? Rebecca finger Margaret 's dress . rebecca femm : that 's fine stuff , but it will rot . Rebecca point to Margaret 's chest . rebecca femm : that 's finer stuff , still . but it will rot , too , in time . Rebecca suddenly push she hand flatly and coldly against the bare skin of Margaret 's chest . shock , Margaret pull away . margaret waverton : do not ! how dare you ? a knock at the door and Rebecca abruptly stop terrorize Margaret , pick up she candle , glare at Margaret , pause to check she own reflection in another mirror , wipe she brow , then scurries out the door . breathe hard , a still unnerve Margaret touch she chest , cross to a window , put on a necklace , and -- seek relief from the oppressive atmosphere of the room -- open the window a crack . instantly , a blast of wind blow the curtain up and scatter papers everywhere . startle , she cross to the mirror where she see she face twisted in the warpe glass and have a sudden flashback of Rebecca 's twisted visage along with fragment of she rant intersperse with brief glimpsis of Morgan 's hideous face peer from behind a door . rebecca femm' voice : ... brazen , lolling creature in silk and satin ... laughter and sin ... laughter and sin ... lustful red and white woman ... Rebecca 's voice laugh maniacally . Margaret scream . she rush to the window , try to shut it . no use -- it 's stick -- and the wind and rain and thunder be more than she can handle . she run to the bedroom door , knock over furniture as she go . she try to push the door open but panic further when it refuse to budge . margaret waverton : Philip ! aaah ! she shriek . then she realize she must pull the door to get it open . she do so and exit . CUT to : Margaret emerge from the bedroom into the MAIN corridor . she pause outside the door to catch she breath and then run down the corridor , past the half - open window with they billow curtain to the door that lead to the main room . pause a moment to get a grip , Margaret straighten she hair before re-enter the main room . CUT to : Margaret as she enter the MAIN room and shut the corridor door . she pause a moment to lean against the door . the man turn to see she and find she rather attractive in she white dress . penderel : good for you , Mrs. waverton . you make it look like a party . margaret waverton ( quietly ) : thank you . Philip meet she halfway across the room . margaret waverton : you must have think I be a long time . philip waverton : matter of fact , I think you be quick than usual . margaret waverton : oh . I just think I would be rather long . a awkward pause -- break by Rebecca stand near the dinner table . rebecca femm ( aggressively ) : Supper ! Morgan bring the food , the coldest of cold supper , while everyone else gather ' round the ancient table . Rebecca motion to Margaret to sit beside she . Margaret stare anxiously at Rebecca and indicate to Philip that he should take the seat instead . margaret waverton : Philip . Philip notice he wife 's anxiety and also stare at Rebecca . Horace use a fork to point out penderel 's seat for he . everyone sit , except for Morgan who take up a position behind Rebecca . Horace , at one end of the table , rise and use a large knife and fork start to cut the red ruin of a great joint of roast beef on a platter beside he . Rebecca , at the other end of the table , quickly rise . rebecca femm : Horace ! what be you do ? we be not all heathen . Horace raise the knife and fork before he . horace femm : oh , I have forget my sister 's strange tribal habit . the beef will seem less tough when she have invoke a bless upon it . rebecca femm : Horace femm . if I can not hear , I can see . you be blasphem . horace femm : on the contrary , my dear , Rebecca . I be merely tell you wonder guest that you be about to thank you god for they bounty .... rebecca femm : that will do . I know you mock , lie tongue . horace femm : ... to thank they for the health and prosperity and happiness grant to this family . for its year of peace and plenty . to thank they for have create Rebecca femm . and roderick femm . and saul -- rebecca femm : stop ! Rebecca pound on the table as a nicely - time clap of thunder punctuate the gesture . Horace seem to shrink as he sit and bow he head , he knife and fork cross before he . Rebecca sit and rapidly -- and incomprehensibly -- say grace . rebecca femm : bless o Lord this [ ?]... mankind . amen . immediately , she grab the loaf of bread beside she and start saw away at it . horace femm ( to Margaret ) : have a potato . Horace slide the potato bowl to Margaret . margaret waverton : thank you . Margaret have a potato . the odd dinner roll along mostly in uneasy silence , except for the intrusive noise of the storm and the clatter of age - old plate and utensil . Rebecca cut a slice of bread , stick it with a fork , hand the fork to Philip who hand it to Margaret who offer it to Horace who merely yank the bread off the fork and throw it down . meanwhile , Morgan and penderel exchange cautious glance at one another as Morgan circle the table to carry a plate of slice roast beef from Horace to Rebecca . Morgan look so huge and savage that it seem strange to see he carry the various plate and ornate serve dish throughout the scene . the whole group busy itself pass thing around the table . philip waverton : well , this be a storm and a half . penderel : yes , be not it ? horace femm ( to penderel ) : have a potato . penderel : thank you . I should love a potato . penderel have a potato . he pass the bowl to Rebecca . and then offer she some condiment in a fancy server . penderel : vinegar , miss femm ? horace femm : hah . Rebecca sprinkle a little vinegar and then , she mouth full and chew vigorously , use a pair of tong to hurriedly load she plate with four pickle onion from a odd glass container offer by Morgan . Morgan offer the onion to Philip who decline . Horace put some roast beef on penderel 's plate . margaret waverton : it 's simply come down in bucketful outside . penderel : thank you , Mrs. waverton . that 's the phrase I have be search for all evening . Morgan offer penderel the pickle onion . penderel ( politely ) : no , no pickle onion , thank you . the supper roll on : Horace place a rag slice of roast beef on he own plate ; Margaret cut and eat a tiny piece of something ; Philip remove a ugly black eye from he potato ; Rebecca rapidly shovel the food from she plate to she mouth , not take the time to taste it ; Philip dig out another eye from the potato . the room 's electric light begin to flicker badly . Margaret grow more unnerve but try not to show it . margaret waverton : that light . they give I quite a start . I suppose it 's the storm . horace femm ( matter - of -fact ) : on the contrary . we make we own electric light here and we be not really good at it . pray do not be alarmed if they go out altogether . Margaret do not like the sound of that . Morgan slowly approach she with a giant pitcher of ice water , stare at she in a way that suggest he be rather attract by she . she do not sense he presence behind she . he attempt to fill she water glass just as she absently reach for something . her hand brushes against he , startling she . instantly uncomfortable at he presence , she cover the glass with she hand to indicate she want no water . they stare uneasily at one another for a moment before slowly break eye contact . meanwhile , Rebecca , oblivious to the world , continue to snarf down she food in great haste . the silence be finally break by a sharp rapping at the front door . a look of dread pass over Horace 's face . penderel ( amused , to Horace ) : there 's someone outside . rebecca femm : they can not come in ! philip waverton : but surely they must come in . it 's probably dangerous out there now . more rapping , more insistent . penderel turn to a very reluctant Horace who clutches he napkin in a white - knuckle fist . penderel : they be probably half drown . you know , really , we ought not keep they wait . horace femm : no , I be afraid we shall have to let they in . ( to Morgan ) Morgan , open the door . Morgan 's eye shift from Horace to Rebecca , who rise and start for the door . rebecca femm : come on then , Morgan . let they in . Morgan trail Rebecca like a shadow . he open the front door and a blast of wind and rain hit Rebecca cause she to squint and cringe . suddenly , a young woman burst in -- a hot little brunette chorus girl name gladys -- all wet and muddy and exhilated by the storm . full of life , she 's about as out of place in this musty seventeenth century house as anyone can get . gladys : whoooo ! what a night ! immediately , a obnoxious , bulky , middle - age man with a thick welsh accent and a vulgar laugh , sir william porterhouse , enter and confront a deadpan Morgan . porterhouse : I think you be never go to open that door . as Morgan close the door , porterhouse whip off he hat and address that at the table . porterhouse : why -- hoo huh hah ! -- there must have be a reservoir burst or something . ha ha ha ! anyhow , before we know where we be , something have fall down and smashed the car in . ha ha ha ! it 's a wonder it do not smash we . hah ! porterhouse turn to a thoroughly sour-face Rebecca beside he . porterhouse : incidentally , this house will probably be wash away any minute . Rebecca scoff . porterhouse head for the fireplace , stop only to glance at the lightning outside the window . porterhouse ( off the lightning ) : hey , whoa , ha ! look at that ! ha ! porterhouse start to remove he wet coat . porterhouse : ohhh . that 's a grand fire . porterhouse startles Rebecca by violently shaking the rainwater off he coat and into the fire . porterhouse : I be sorry to barge in on you like this , but -- ha ! -- need must when the devil drive . ha ha ha ! porterhouse dump he coat by the fireplace . porterhouse : well ? who 's the owner here ? Horace have join Rebecca as they scowl disapprovingly at this vulgar man . horace femm : my sister be the owner . miss femm . porterhouse : how do you do , miss femm ? ( impressively , shaking Rebecca 's hand ) my name be porterhouse . Sir William porterhouse . hopping into view on one shoe be gladys who have shed she wet thing . she collapse on a convenient chair . porterhouse : and this lady be miss gladys ducane , a friend of mine . gladys : glad to know you . ( salute they with she roll up sock ) Nice weather for duck . horace femm : allow I to introduce you . this be Mrs. waverton . margaret waverton : how do you do ? horace femm : mister penderel . penderel take he eye off gladys just long enough to acknowledge porterhouse . penderel : how do you do , Sir William ? horace femm : and , uh , mister waverton . philip waverton : how do you do ? horace femm : Sir William porterhouse . porterhouse : howdyedo ? a portentous clap of thunder . gladys hang she stocking , wring out she dress and try to put she shoe on . porterhouse have the fireplace poker in he hand . porterhouse : I have never see such a night in all my bear natural . ( point with the poker ) I tell you , it 's come down in bucketful . pretty well soak we be , I do not mind tell you . ( sneeze ) I should not be surprised if we catch we death . ( sneeze ) penderel cross to gladys . penderel : here , you would better not put that wet shoe on again or , as Sir William point out , you will probably catch you death . penderel bend down beside she and open he nearby suitcase to pull out a extra pair of he shoe . Rebecca look down at gladys ' bare leg with evident disapproval as penderel help put the shoe on . penderel : here you be . this may not be exactly you size but at least they be dry . gladys ( laugh ) : thanks . that will do fine . whee ! ha ha ! gladys jump up and -- sing a wordless version of " ach der lieber Augustin " -- dance a funky clog dance in the oversize shoe , as Rebecca look on , disgust . gladys catch sight of Rebecca and immediately quiet down . try to lighten the moment , gladys turn to penderel and adopt a upper class accent . gladys ( to penderel ) : be you fond of opera , monsieur [ ? ] ? penderel ( laugh ) : come and have something to eat . porterhouse : oh ! now , you be talkin' . Morgan , Horace , Rebecca , penderel , gladys and porterhouse move toward the table . horace femm : Morgan , bring out some chair . the group cluster around the table and sit . Morgan bring a chair for gladys and place setting for she and porterhouse , who be rambling on loudly . porterhouse : oh ho ! roast beef ! hah ! there 's nothing like roast beef when a man 's hungry . ( patting a startle Horace on the chest ) ha ha ! ( sing , off key ) " oh , the roast beef of old England -- " ( speak ) how do that go ? do you remember that , mister waverton , or be that before you time ? philip waverton ( affably ) : penderel 's we song expert . porterhouse ( to penderel ) : oh , so you be musical , be you ? as porterhouse sit , Rebecca stare at he in disgust . porterhouse : well , I have get a bit of a ear myself -- Horace , annoyed by this uncouth lout , smartly rap the table with the handle of he large knife , silencing porterhouse . Horace , use the knife , point to the potato . horace femm ( firmly , to porterhouse ) : have a potato . porterhouse frown at Horace , look around sheepishly , and have a potato . horace femm ( to Morgan ) Morgan , bring a glass of water for Sir William . Morgan pour a glass and slowly bring it to porterhouse who be seat next to Margaret . porterhouse : ah , thanks very much . Morgan linger a moment too long over Margaret who eye he nervously . fade out on the diner as they eat in uneasy silence . fade in on the empty dinner table in the MAIN room , some time later that evening . the firelight cast porterhouse 's shadow on the wall behind it . porterhouse , Philip , penderel , gladys , Horace , and Margaret sit in chair around the fire , enjoy a after-dinner smoke : porterhouse , a cigar ; Philip , penderel and gladys , cigarettes . only Rebecca and Morgan be absent from the circle . porterhouse : ... take ourselves , for instance . here we be , six people , sit around , and we have be talk now nearly two hour , and what do we know about each other ? not a thing . horace femm : how reassure . philip waverton : I agree with Sir William . at best , we only make guess . margaret waverton : if you be a woman , you would not talk about only guess . penderel : ah ! the famous old feminine intuition . do it ever tell you which horse be go to win the derby ? gladys grin at penderel . margaret waverton ( to penderel ) : no . but it tell I quite a lot about you . horace femm : I wonder , Mrs. waverton , whether it happen to tell you that I be want by the police ? margaret waverton : why , no , mister femm , it tell I nothing so romantic . horace femm : after all , can you conceive of anybody live in a house like this if they do not have to ? porterhouse : well , there 's no accounting for taste , you know . porterhouse laugh he vulgar laugh . horace femm ( disdainfully , off porterhouse ) : no. penderel : miss ducane ? gladys : yes ? penderel : what do you intuition tell you about I ? gladys : quite a lot . penderel : hmm ... that frighten I a good deal . margaret waverton ( to gladys ) : what do it tell you ? gladys : it tell I -- well , it 's not very interesting anyway . philip waverton : oh , yes , it be . let 's have it . gladys : well ... heh heh , it sound silly but -- I think he do not quite fit into this time . you know , factory and cheap advertising and money grub and -- well , what I mean be , Bill here 's all right with this thing . but they make mister penderel a kind of fish out of water . porterhouse : you should be flatter , mister penderel . penderel : no , I be not flatter . you see , I have not much sympathy with fish out of water although I happen to be one myself . my trouble be , I do not think enough thing be worthwhile . now , Sir William here would put tremendous energy into anything to make even a few pound . I do not think it 's worth it . porterhouse jump to he foot . porterhouse : no doubt you will think I be very fat-head , my young friend . but maybe I can see through thing a bit further than you suppose . that be a very fine speech of yours but I know as well as everybody else here that you be really only get at I . penderel : but , honestly , I be not do anything of the kind . I envy you . I admire you . porterhouse : oh , yes , you envy I , all right . but you do not admire I . heh ! well , I -- I do not admire myself so much . I know that money - make be not everything . but let I tell you something . I be a young man , see ? married to a Manchester girl , pretty as paint , the only thing in the world I care about . well ... she die . it 's this way . my director give a party . they ask we . Red letter day for we , I can tell you . heh ! I buy my first dress suit . and Lucy have a new frock . a cotton frock . it seem that Lucy do not go too well at that party . especially with the woman . they snubbe she . nothing definite , you know . just do not think the cotton frock be good enough . well , Lucy worry about it . get into she head that she 's gonna hold I back . well , you may not believe it , but I know that 's what kill she . that 's what start I make money . I swore I would smash that fellow and they wife who would not give my Lucy a kind word . ha ! and I have smashed them . at least , most of them . ( look down , a little ashamed ) once you have start make money , it 's hard to stop . especially if you be like I , there be not much else you be good at . ha! ( sit ) but what gladys here have to be superior about , I do not know . miss DuCane. ( to gladys ) why do not you tell them you real name ? gladys : my real name ... be Perkins . penderel : and a very nice name , too . porterhouse : I may not be this and I may not be that but you do not catch I pretend to be what I be not . penderel ( to porterhouse ) : I think I be find you a little bit offensive . gladys rise . gladys : that 's all right , mister penderel . I can take care of myself . least , if I can not by now , I never will be able to . penderel get up and leave the circle around the fire . gladys ( to porterhouse ) I be not try to put anything across you , Bill . I do not pretend to be what I be not either . I be not as dumb as that . this people here know a chorus girl when they see one . and , incidentally , not a very good chorus girl at that . if I be better at my job , I probably would not be weekend with you . no . I take that back . I probably would . you be nice enough . we get on , but -- gladys throw she hand up in the air and turn to the fire . suddenly , accompany by a clap of thunder , the corridor door at the far side of the room open and Rebecca enter . rebecca femm : Morgan 's at the bottle again . I know he would begin tonight . where do he get it from ? Horace quiver in fear . horace femm : he do not get it from I . can not you stop he ? rebecca femm : he 's in the kitchen now , drunk . quite drunk . Rebecca turn and run out the corridor door , shutting it behind she . porterhouse : who 's Morgan ? be he the fellow who wait on we at table ? horace femm : yes. Morgan be the ... ( a sickly grin ) the butler . porterhouse : look to I as if he could do with a shave . ha ha ! gladys join penderel several yard away from the other as he peer out the window at the ongoing storm . penderel : oh , hello . gladys : hello . penderel : well ? have you come over to help I gaze upon the wrath of God ? gladys : no . I come to say thank you for try to take my part just now . penderel : charme , I be sure , miss ducane . gladys : Perkins to you . penderel : thanks , Perkins . gladys : I say , I would mortgage the old homestead for a drink . penderel : hmm ... so would i. ( snap he finger ) and we will have one ! I have get some whiskey in the car . I would forget all about it . you stay here and I will go and get it . gladys : no , I will come with you . gladys and penderel put on coat and hat and head out the front door . CUT to : the front step and the still raging storm . gladys and penderel leave the front door wide open . gladys : wheeee ! penderel : you would better stay here under cover . the car 's in the stable and you will get soak . gladys : all right . but do not be long . penderel race down the step and disappear . vast amount of water seem to be creep up to the house . gladys wait in the doorway watch the storm . after a moment , the front door slam shut behind she -- be it the wind ? or do someone shut it on purpose ? gladys turn and pound on the door but no one answer . the thunder be louder than ever and drown out she knocking . she decide to go after penderel and struggle down the front step and splashes along the wall of the house . CUT to : gladys , moment later , as she pass a uncurtain kitchen window with iron bar across it , she peer in . the drunken , hideous figure of Morgan rush toward she . he shatter the window pane with he fist and gurgle menacingly at she . gladys scream and run off as Morgan stagger back to a kitchen table , sit , and pour himself a drink from a bottle . CUT to : a shake gladys as , moment later , she enter the shadowy stable where the car be park and confront penderel who approach she with a bottle in he hand and a dry towel in he coat pocket . gladys : mister penderel ? penderel : hello . what be you do here ? I be just come . gladys : I think I would come and fetch you . gladys lean against penderel for support . penderel : hey , hey . what 's the matter ? what 's happen ? penderel lead she over to the car and set she on the run board . gladys : nothing . nothing , really . I be a bit scared , that 's all . somebody slam the door in my face . penderel : probably the wind . gladys : no , it be not . I know wind when I see it . it do not sound much , but , you know , it give I a bit of a turn . penderel ( sit beside she ) : yes , I bet it do . here , what you want be a drink of this . gladys : thanks . penderel uncap the bottle and hand it gladys . she drink deeply . somewhere in the stable , a cock crow . gladys : I feel a bit more human now . penderel : this certainly be a benight household . gladys : you be right . it be . penderel ( look down ) : look at that . gladys look down to see penderel 's oversize shoe on she pigeon - to foot -- soak . penderel : come on , take them off . Water spill out of the shoe when gladys prop she leg up in penderel 's lap where he remove the shoe and wrap she foot in the dry towel . the cock continue to crow wildly . penderel : I seem to have spend most of the evening change you shoe . gladys : you ought to be a nursery may . penderel : yes , except that the best nursery maid do not drink whiskey out of the bottle . gladys laugh as penderel take a quick drink . the cock crow again . CUT to : the MAIN room of the old dark house , where a nervous Margaret stand . Horace , Philip and porterhouse sit . the thunder roar above they . margaret waverton : the storm 's just as bad as ever , be not it ? horace femm : worse . the electric light flicker and fade . only the fire keep the room from total darkness . porterhouse : that 's do it . the light 's go out . horace femm ( drink in hand ) : I suppose they will stay out this time . now , we shall be miserable all the evening . Horace downs he drink . margaret waverton ( hopeful ) : that 's all right . surely , there 's some candle somewhere , be not there ? immediately , Rebecca enter through the corridor door with a candle . philip waverton : can I do anything about the light , miss femm ? horace femm : no. nobody understand we light except Morgan . and , as a electrician , Morgan be temporarily [ temporally ? ] disqualified . porterhouse : you have not get a lamp by any chance , have you ? Horace rise immediately in panic . horace femm ( a little too insistent ) : no. no . we have not get a lamp . Rebecca cross to Horace , ominously . rebecca femm : what do they say ? horace femm : nothing . nothing important . rebecca femm : oh ? not important ? ha ! it happen I hear that time . they want a lamp . give they the large one . there 's oil in it . we use it the last time the light go wrong . go on , Horace . you know the one . horace femm ( lie through he tooth ) : I do not remember where it be . suppose you get it , Rebecca ? rebecca femm : it 's too big for I . if you do not know where it be , I will tell you . now , you know as well as I do . it 's on the top landing on the little table . you know where the top landing be , Horace ? at least you might believe there be a top landing . oh , but you do believe in so little . ( point with a bony finger ) it 's up there , Horace . up there . next to the roof . horace femm : yes , of course . I remember . but I think it 's a little too heavy for I . I do not think I could carry it down all that stair . rebecca femm : why do not you say what you mean , Horace ? ha ! you mean that you be afraid to go up there alone . ( to Philip ) you go with he . ( hand she candle to Horace ) here take this . I do not know why I bother myself . ( to all ) do you all good to sit in the dark . Rebecca exit out the corridor door as Philip and Horace cross to the stair . Philip begin to climb , but a terrify Horace remain below . Philip turn to he . philip waverton : we would better go up , have not we ? horace femm : yes . I suppose we have . philip waverton ( casual , to the other ) : we will not be long . porterhouse : that 's all right . Mrs. waverton will see that I do not get nervy . philip waverton ( polite , to Horace ) : you would better lead the way . Horace reluctantly climb the stair , as if he be go to the gallow . Philip wink reassuringly at Margaret , who wink back . Philip follow Horace . CUT to : Horace and Philip as they pause in the darken second -floor landing , moment later , the fire in the main room visible below . Horace point to a door . horace femm : this be my room . philip waverton : oh ? horace femm : there be one or two thing that I should very much like for you to see . philip waverton : I should like to very much . but you must show I some other time . we have get to get that lamp . horace femm ( disappointed ) : yes . Horace begin to climb the next flight but stop and draw back . horace femm : listen , why should we bother about the lamp ? let we wait here for a few minute and then go back and say that we could not find it . or that it 's break . philip waverton : I can not see the point . horace femm : yes , but why should we trouble about the lamp if we do not want to ? philip waverton : but we say we would get it , so why should not we get it ? horace femm : yes , but why should we if we do not want to ? and I do not want to . philip waverton : but this be absurd -- a high -pitch shriek of laughter from above they cause both man to peer upward into the darkness . philip waverton : do you hear that ? horace femm : I do hear something . philip waverton : what be it ? horace femm ( lie ) : it must have be Morgan . he 's drunk , you know . he 's probably make a disturbance downstairs in the kitchen . philip waverton : I think that noise come from upstairs . anyway , what about this lamp ? horace femm : I wonder whether you would excuse I from come with you ? I be not very strong . there be rather a lot of stair . I really should have tell you before but the , the vanity of age , you know ... you will find it on the little table at the end of the landing , two floor above . philip waverton : I suppose it 's not too heavy for I to carry . horace femm : oh , no , not at all . it 's quite light really . Horace immediately put he hand to mouth , like a little boy catch in a lie . philip waverton : I see . horace femm : thank you . thank you , very much . a puzzle Philip watch Horace peer down at the fire below , then turn and enter he room , shutting and lock the door behind he . Philip climb to the upper floor which , even more so than the rest of the house , be melancholy and uncare for . CUT to : Philip on the next floor , moment later . he think he hear something come from behind a close door and be tempt to try the handle but think better of it . he move forward until he come to the next and last flight of stair . after a pause , he climb up into the darkness . suddenly , the dark hallway above he flash with a wickedly bright light as if Heaven itself be open up before he . Philip pause , startle . but it turn out to be merely the storm 's lightning stream in through a uncurtain window . he resume he climb . CUT to : Philip on the top landing , moment later . he cross at once to the little table , next to a stout old door , on which rest the large , ornate lamp -- one of that old - fashioned double - branch affair . swiftly pick it up , Philip be on he way back to the stair when he stop and look more closely at the door . it 's padlock . and bolt . and a half - eat plate of food and a glass of water be on the table . he stare at this thing in uneasy surprise . CUT to : Rebecca as she waddle through the corridor door into the MAIN room and confront Margaret and porterhouse . rebecca femm : you open it , do not you ? well , now you can go and shut it . go on , shut it . I can not . porterhouse : go and shut what ? rebecca femm : the rain 's pour in . the flood 's rise . we all will be drench if you do not come quickly . margaret waverton ( to porterhouse ) : she mean the window in she room . I be afraid I open it . rebecca femm ( to Margaret ) : go on . you open it . you can shut it . porterhouse : that 's all right , miss femm . I will come and shut it . Rebecca lead porterhouse away and they exit into the corridor . Margaret be alone in the main room . as she walk past the dining table , the firelight cast she shadow , larger than life , on the wall . to keep down she nervousness , she start playfully make silhouettes of bird and dog with she hand . she 's act quite silly and know it . on the wall , the shadow of Rebecca suddenly appear , as if it have emerge from from Margaret 's own shadow , and point a accuse finger at she and lay she hand flatly on Margaret 's chest -- but be Rebecca really in the room ? or be it merely Margaret 's imagination run away with she again ? Margaret panic and scream -- Rebecca herself be nowhere to be see . Margaret run to the stair , start to climb , to go after Philip , but think better of it . then she contemplate head down the dark main corridor to porterhouse . finally , she run out the front door to look for penderel . CUT to : Margaret on the front step , second later . the storm rage on . no one in sight . margaret waverton : mister penderel ! miss ducane ! but no one could possibly hear she over the noise of the storm . she retreat to the doorway . CUT to : Margaret in the doorway that lead to the MAIN room , second later . she stand with the door half - close , call out into the night . margaret waverton : mister penderel ! miss ducane ! still no answer . she 's all alone . or be she ? as she clutches she chest in fear , Margaret sense another presence . slowly , a huge hairy hand reach out from above and behind she head and slam the door shut . Margaret scream and turn to see the inebriated Morgan right beside she . she rush away but he turn to confront she , he hideous face leer drunkenly at she . he stagger toward she as she back away , carry a small chair with she to keep between they . they pause . his face be intense . his ghoulish eye stare at she . a slight grin form under he beard . Margaret look around , fearfully . Morgan make a move and she hurry to one of the sturdier chair . Morgan knock the smaller chair away and stagger after she . she throw the sturdy chair down in he path but it do little to slow he . they begin to circle the huge dining room table . after a moment , Morgan -- strong as a gorilla -- simply upend the entire table , send everything on it crashing to the floor . Margaret shriek . Morgan catch she by the arm but , after a brief struggle , she somehow break away and race up the stair . CUT to : the second -floor landing where Philip , have hear the scream , rush down the stair , carry he candle and the unlit lamp in one hand . Margaret climb the stair and be relieved to see he , clutching he in fear . margaret waverton : it 's Morgan . he 's there at the bottom of the stair . Morgan unsteadily make he way up toward they . philip waverton ( to Margaret ) : take the candle . get back there . Margaret take the candle and she and Philip cross to a little table in the rear of the landing . Philip set the lamp on the table and turn to confront Morgan . philip waverton ( to Morgan ) : get back ! go on , get back ! but Morgan keep charge on . as Morgan reach the landing , Philip punch he square in the face . a hellacious fight break out : Morgan crush the much smaller Philip into a corner ; Philip kick and swing he way out ; the two man fall to the floor , slugging away ; both rise ; Philip pound Morgan several time in the gut to no effect before a bored Morgan haul off and sock Philip hard enough in the stomach to knock he down -- but Morgan be too drunk to keep balanced and stumble backward to lean against the wall ; Margaret scream ; Philip recover , get a idea , run to the table and grab the lamp ; Morgan glare as Philip hurl the lamp at he head ; the lamp shatter and Morgan fall backward , crashing down the stair , unconscious . Philip and Margaret rush down to look at he . margaret waverton : be he dead ? philip waverton : no , you can see he breathe from here . ( Philip check more closely ) he 's only stunne . he will be conscious in a minute but he will probably fall asleep again . he 's very drunk . margaret waverton ( clutching he hand ) : oh , Philip , this be a awful house . philip waverton : it be not very nice , be it ? ( glance upstairs ) listen , Margaret , something happen upstairs just now . margaret waverton : oh , Philip . not something else horrible . philip waverton : no , this be nothing horrible . it be a voice call from behind a door . a tiny voice , rather like a child 's . I think I ought to go and see what it be . you will have to come with I . I be not go to leave you alone again . ( off Morgan ) he will be all right . take my hand , darling . they start to climb the stair but do not get very far . Margaret , overcome by the event of the evening , put she hand to she brow . margaret waverton : oh , Philip . philip waverton : what be it ? sit down here a minute , darling . they sit on the stair and Philip cradle Margaret in he arm . CUT to : penderel 's shoe drying on the run board of the car park in the stable . gladys and penderel , deep in conversation , sit in the back seat . gladys hand penderel a cigarette . penderel : thanks . gladys : well , what happen then ? penderel : well , then the war end . gladys : what about the girl ? penderel : oh , the girl I leave behind I ? gladys : the girl you be in love with . penderel : why , she get marry , gladys . gladys : what a beast . penderel : no , on the contrary , a lady of rather good judgment . now , let 's talk about you for a bit . gladys : I know what you be go to say . you be go to ask I about Bill porterhouse . penderel : clever , miss Perkins . gladys : I do not mind tell you . I would rather like to . Bill 's all right , really . of course , I do not love he . of course , he give I money . oh , not very much . just enough to keep I go . you probably will not believe I , but Bill do not -- he do not expect anything . do you know what I mean by anything ? penderel : yes . I know what you mean by anything . gladys : he like people to think he 's ever so gay . you see , for all he money , he 's a bit lonely . penderel : yes , I spot that when he tell we the story of the cotton dress . I think he 's in love with that little dead wife still . gladys : I be sure he be . I suppose that 's why he only want I , well , for company . he like to sit on my bed at night and boast to I about the thing he 's do during the day . penderel : well , that 's harmless enough . gladys : mind you , I be not pretend to be any better than I be . penderel : you be a nice creature , be not you ? gladys : I like you , awfully . penderel : and I you . gladys : what be you think of ? penderel : you may not be very pleased . gladys : Risk it . penderel : I be think that I would like to pretend that I be you lover and that you be mine , gladys , body and soul . I would like to take you in my arm and hold you and press you to I very gently , very tight . gladys : I would like it , too . penderel : would you , gladys Perkins ? why , then , let 's pretend . gladys let penderel put he arm around she and press he face to hers . she clearly like it but after a moment , push he away . gladys : listen . gladys Perkins have a idea . I think she must have go mad . she ... she ... she want to live with you . oh , I be just fling myself at you head . I have get a crazy idea that I might help you to be a useful person . penderel : darling , Perkins ... gladys : do you think I be mad ? penderel : quite mad , my darling . and thank God for it . gladys : well , what do you say ? penderel take gladys in he arm and give she a long , deep kiss . penderel : that 's what I say , Perkins darling . but I have get a better idea than yours . a improvement on it . gladys : what be it ? penderel : why , it 's just this ... no , I will not tell you here . there 's magic here . I will tell you later on in the house , perhaps even in the cold light of morning . gladys : tell I now . penderel ( start to go ) : come on , let 's go back to the house . gladys : no ! no , let 's stay here . gladys shiver and clutches she collar . penderel look at she with concern . penderel : you be cold . gladys : no . it 's just the idea of go back to that house that make I shiver . I have get a funny feel something dreadful might happen to we if we go back to that house . penderel : Perkins , Perkins . you have my strong right arm , have not you ? gladys ( smile ) : all right . come on . they get out of the car . gladys start to pick up penderel 's shoe . penderel : no , you can not put on that wet shoe . I be go to try to carry you . penderel pick she up . gladys : I be a devil of a weight . penderel : well , if you be too heavy for I , I shall drop you in the mud and go on alone . the cock crow as penderel exit the stable carry gladys in he arm . dissolve to : the front step , moment later . the rain have temporarily stop but the water have rise and penderel must stay close to the house to keep from fall in . the rain start up again just as penderel reach the bottom of the step . he nearly drop gladys as he struggle up to the front door . CUT to : the MAIN room of the house , moment later . porterhouse doze on a uncomfortable look bench , snoring loudly . a pounding from the front door waken he . he check he pocket watch before shuffle to the door to let in penderel and gladys . porterhouse : hello . where have you be ? penderel : I go out to the car to get a drink . gladys : and I go with he . penderel help gladys as she hop on one foot over to the bench . porterhouse watch as penderel remove she stocking . porterhouse give penderel a look . penderel : she get she foot wet . porterhouse : oh , she get she foot wet ? penderel : yes , she get she foot wet . as they remove they wet clothes , penderel notice the upturn table . penderel : well , what the devil 's be happen here ? porterhouse : I do not know what the devil 's be happen here or anywhere else . I do not know what 's be happen anywhere . I go into the old girl 's room to close a window and come back and find this . penderel : where be all the other ? porterhouse : I do not know any more than you . mister waverton go upstairs with [ ?] to fetch a lamp . I suppose he wife join he . I have be asleep . ( annoyed , to gladys ) so , you get you foot wet ? gladys : yes , Bill . and that be not all , either . porterhouse : yes , I do not suppose it be . gladys : I do not quite know how you will take this but -- well , I have get to get it off my chest . porterhouse : come on , let 's have it . gladys : I have fall in love , Bill . porterhouse : oh , you have , have you ? ( off penderel ) with he ? gladys : yes , with he . porterhouse : darn fool . gladys : probably . but we do not choose this thing . porterhouse : have he get any money ? penderel : not a penny . porterhouse ( to gladys ) : but you be go out with he ? gladys : yes , Bill . be you angry ? porterhouse : I think you be a lunatic . but I be not angry . penderel : he take it pretty well , do not he , Perkins ? gladys : I tell you . Bill 's all right . penderel : he be indeed . gladys : wonder where the other can be ? gladys wander off to search . penderel approach porterhouse . penderel : listen , Bill . she have not tell you everything . porterhouse : have not she ? why not ? penderel : because she do not know everything herself . we be go to be marry . porterhouse : oh , be you ? penderel : at least , if she will have I . I be go to ask she tomorrow . in the cold light of morning . will you come to the wedding ? porterhouse : I think you be off you head . penderel : do you ? porterhouse : no. I do not . I think it 's probably the best day 's work you have ever do in you life . penderel ( put a arm around porterhouse ) : ah , Bill , Bill ... porterhouse : who tell you that you could call I Bill ? penderel : ha , ha . well , you try and stop I . porterhouse : now , look here , come and make yourself useful and put this table on its foot . they rise and cross to the dining room table and the mess beside it just as gladys return . porterhouse ( off the mess ) : huh ! that 's no way to treat roast beef . penderel : miss Perkins , tin the roast beef . gladys : tin it yourself . but she pick up a candle from the mess while the man set the table right . gladys put the candle on the table . CUT to : the second floor landing , some time earlier , where Philip and Margaret still sit on the stair . Margaret seem to have recover from she anxiety attack . philip waverton : sure you feel better ? margaret waverton : yes , I be all right . philip waverton : well , let 's go on . they rise and climb the stair . CUT to : the next floor , second later , where Philip lead Margaret to the door -- not the padlock and bolt one on the top floor -- but the one on the floor below that he have contemplate open earlier . philip waverton : this be the door . Margaret hold the candle while Philip knock . no answer . they glance at one another and then boldly open the door and push into the room . it 's gigantic . luxurious . ornate . a huge roaring fireplace . large window with a view of the ongoing bad weather . heavy old furniture . and in the center of it all , a king -size bed -- a great canopy four poster -- in which lie a figure . Philip and Margaret cautiously approach , exchange baffle glance with one another . a clock chime several time as they near the bed and stare at Sir roderick femm , propped up on pillow -- a bearded , hundred and two year old invalid with long , gray , shoulder - length , uncomb hair . it 's like visit God in Heaven . his eye be shut . at first , he seem to be asleep . but then , without warning , he speak , in a firm but high - pitch voice . sir roderick femm : who be you ? margaret waverton : I be Mrs. waverton . this be my husband . be you Sir roderick femm ? Sir roderick nod . his lip move but no sound emerge . margaret waverton : we come in because we think we hear you call . can we get you anything ? with a unsteady hand , Sir roderick point to a pitcher of water on a table beside he . Margaret pour a glass . margaret waverton ( gently ) : can you take it yourself or shall I give it to you ? sir roderick femm : I can take it myself , thank you . Sir roderick take the glass , sip the water , and hand the glass back to Margaret . sir roderick femm : now , what be that noise ? be it ... Morgan ? philip waverton : yes . sir roderick femm : Morgan be a savage . I , er , I must apologize . but we have to keep he here . you should not have come here . margaret waverton : I be very sorry but , really , we could not help it . sir roderick femm ( pleasantly ) : oh , I -- I do not mean that . I be never inhospitable . never . this house be always fill with guest , once upon a time . ( suddenly serious ) when you come , what do they tell you ? margaret waverton : why , they tell we you be a invalid . sir roderick femm : be that all ? philip waverton : yes . sir roderick femm : you have see my son , Horace ? and he sister , Rebecca ? philip waverton : yes . sir roderick femm : and Morgan . I would like to tell you all about it but - but there may not be time . you see , when you be as old as I be , at any minute , you may just die . ( cackle softly ) margaret waverton : oh , please do not talk if it tire you . sir roderick femm : this be a unlucky house . two of my child die when they be twenty . and then ... other thing happen . madness come . we be all touch with it a little , you see . except I . at least , I - I do not think I be . margaret waverton : would you like to go to sleep now ? sir roderick femm : no. not just yet . you see , it may be ... philip waverton : it may be what ? sir roderick femm : dangerous . philip waverton : you mean Morgan ? sir roderick femm : no. not Morgan . I mean from my eldest son . ( point to the ceiling ) saul . philip & margaret waverton : saul ? sir roderick femm : they do not tell you about saul ? philip waverton : no , they do not . sir roderick femm : saul be the worst , you know . we have to watch he . because you see , he want ... he just want ... to destroy , to kill . poor saul . margaret waverton : where be he ? philip waverton : I know where he be . he 's upstairs behind that bolt door , be not he ? sir roderick femm : yes. lock in . saul be why we have to keep Morgan . margaret waverton : but if he do get out ? sir roderick femm : saul quite certainly would set fire to the house . he try to once before . he want , he say , to make this house a burnt offer . margaret waverton : but be not he safely lock in ? sir roderick femm : yes . but you see , if Morgan be bad , I , er , I think he might , er , open the door . Sir roderick cackle . tire from talk , he close he eye . Margaret , think of Morgan , turn to Philip . margaret waverton : Philip . what if he 's come to ? philip waverton : wait here . I will go down and look at he . Philip race out of the room and shut the door behind he . he head down the stair , stop every few foot to peer into the darkness . CUT to : the second -floor landing , moment later . Philip see the tell - tale sign of break lamp glass on the floor . but Morgan be go . a nearby door open . Horace , he face white with fear , emerge from he room to confront Philip . horace femm ( grim ) : he 's go upstairs . I hear he . he 's go to let saul out . wait for he downstairs and kill he . Horace instantly withdraw into he room , slam the door shut , and lock it . stun , Philip pause a moment to think before climb back up the stair . CUT to : Sir roderick 's room on the next floor , moment later , where Philip rejoin Margaret . margaret waverton : what be we to do ? can not we stay in here ? philip waverton : no , suppose he set fire to the place ? come on . margaret waverton : but what about Sir roderick ? philip waverton : we must lock the door . they rush into the hallway . Philip prepare to lock the door . he call to Sir roderick on the far side of the room . philip waverton : Sir roderick , I be go to lock you in . but Sir roderick do not answer . margaret waverton : he 's asleep . Philip shut and lock the door . he and Margaret race down the stair . CUT to : the MAIN room , moment later , as Philip and Margaret reach the bottom of the stair to join penderel , porterhouse and gladys . from somewhere upstairs , the chill sound of maniacal laughter echoe through the house . penderel : what be it ? philip waverton : listen , there 's a madman upstairs . Morgan 's let he out and he 's dangerous . we have get to do something . porterhouse : good gosh . where be they ? margaret waverton : upstair . but they may come down any minute . gladys grip penderel 's arm in fear . penderel ( to gladys ) : that 's all right , my dear . gladys : I know I feel something dreadful be go to happen . porterhouse : have not we better get out of the way ? philip waverton : no , we can not do that . he might set fire to the place . he 's try it once before . gladys : well , let he . let the rotten old place burn . I wish it would . penderel : that 's all right but what about the femm ? Rebecca enter from the corridor and join the other at the bottom of the stair . rebecca femm : what be it ? philip waverton : you brother 's out of he room . rebecca femm : what ? saul ? gladys scream . gladys : look . all head turn to the top of the stair . as the group below watch , a small pale dirty hand inch along the staircase bannister and stop -- the hand of saul femm . thunder roll as Morgan stagger into view beside it , clump down the stair and lean on the bannister beside the hand . Philip pull gladys and Margaret away . philip waverton ( to the woman ) : here . get back . Rebecca press forward , fear in she eye . rebecca femm : take he back , Morgan ! you hear I ? take he back ! but Morgan do not seem to hear . slowly , he lurch down the stair . as he come closer , the group below step backward , uncertain as to what might happen next . Morgan pause when he reach the bottom of the stair , stare at the crowd with hate in he eye . Margaret swallow hard . suddenly , Morgan lunge out at Margaret . Philip put himself between they and a fight begin . penderel , Philip and porterhouse tackle Morgan but he be far too strong and shrug they off -- nearly knock over a nearby grandfather clock in the process -- and go after Margaret . the three man jump back on he . rebecca femm : take he in the kitchen ! take he inside ! the man desperately struggle to force Morgan into the main corridor toward the kitchen . porterhouse be painfully crush against the doorjamb . CUT to : the struggle as it continue through the MAIN corridor , a moment later . the man inch Morgan slowly past the half - open window with they ominously billow curtain . the man push Morgan 's head into one of the window pane , shatter the glass . Morgan , he head press to the windowsill , gurgle in pain . Margaret and gladys watch all this from the corridor door . Rebecca follow the man into the corridor . rebecca femm : lock he in the kitchen ! Morgan , with one man on he back and the other on either side , thrashes wildly , occasionally knock one or the other away . as all four collapse to the floor , the sound of the madman 's laughter ring out from the main room . one of the woman scream . penderel , realize the woman be alone with a homicidal maniac , jump up and run down the length of the corridor , leave porterhouse and Philip to deal with Morgan . CUT to : penderel enter the MAIN room , second later , join gladys and Margaret . all three watch the top of the stair and wait for the madman 's next move . the pale hand have withdraw from view and be no longer on the bannister . CUT to : porterhouse and Philip somehow manage to wrestle Morgan down into the kitchen . CUT to : a terrify Rebecca cower in the corridor , just outside the kitchen , chant a prayer . rebecca femm : the sin of the father . the sin of the father . Rebecca turn to see Margaret and gladys at the end of the corridor , stand in the open doorway of the main room and scurries toward they , shouting . rebecca femm : come on , you ! come into my room ! gladys and Margaret jump back into the main room . gladys : no ! I be go to stay here . rebecca femm : then , stay here ! Rebecca slam the door on they and lock it . she rush back down the corridor with the huge doorkey in she hand and pause for a moment to peer nervously in the direction of the kitchen before lock herself into she room . CUT to : the MAIN room . penderel , gladys and Margaret wait for the madman . the distant sound of the fight in the kitchen drift into the room . penderel : there 's go to be trouble . penderel race the length of the room to a wooden door in the far corner . the woman eye the stair nervously . gladys : oh! penderel ! penderel open the door -- it lead to a oversize cupboard , big enough to hide the two woman . penderel : come on . come in here . gladys : no ! I do not want to be shut up . I would rather stay . penderel : gladys , for heaven 's sake , come in here . Margaret . penderel grab they and push they over to the cupboard . Margaret get in willingly . but gladys do not want to leave penderel . he take she by the shoulder and back she toward the door . gladys : no. ( give in ) oh , all right . gladys reluctantly enter the cupboard . penderel : wait a minute . penderel quickly grab a candle and match off the table and hand it to the woman . penderel : here , light this . penderel shut and secure the cupboard door . he light another candle and place it on the table . with the madman 's hand no longer visible on the bannister , penderel climb part way up the stair . but at the sound of high - pitch laughter , penderel descend and wait for saul femm to come to he . CUT to : the candle burn inside the cupboard where Margaret and gladys sit tensely together . gladys ( quietly , to herself ) : oh , I love he so . I just love he . Margaret look at gladys in surprise . CUT to : the MAIN room . penderel mop the sweat off he face with a handkerchief . the pale hand appear again on the bannister . a bearded man become slowly visible , emerge from the darkness . it 's saul femm -- a timid , quivering , kindly - face little man . he delicately make he way down the stair , look around nervously . as penderel approach , the little man back away from he in fear . saul femm : please . please do not touch I . penderel can not believe this scared little rabbit be a madman . penderel : well ! ( genuine concern ) what be it ? saul femm ( plead ) : listen , do not put I back . do not let they put I back . I be not mad . I swear before Heaven I be not mad . it 's just that they have lock I up here . they be all wick . penderel : why should they lock you up ? saul femm : they be frighten of I . I know something about they . year ago , they kill they sister Rachel . but I would not tell ! I promise I would never tell . saul sink to he knee . penderel be completely floor . penderel : and they have keep you here all that time for that ? saul femm : and Morgan -- I tell you , he 's the devil -- Morgan beat I . penderel -- he face a mixture of pity and relief -- head for the main corridor to rejoin the other in subdue Morgan . saul panic . saul femm : do not leave I ! stay with I ! penderel return to saul and give he a reassure pat on the arm . penderel ( gently ) : that 's all right . you sit here and wait . I will be back . as saul cower on the stair , penderel cross to the door and try the knob but it will not budge . saul see this and a odd look cross he face . penderel : the door 's lock ! miss femm must have lock it . saul femm : it 's lock , be it ? penderel : yes , it be . saul femm : I be glad . then , you can not leave I . penderel : listen , we have get to help the other with Morgan . be not there some way of get through ? saul femm : no. no way ... penderel : but there must be a back entrance into the house . penderel head for the front door . suddenly , saul 's entire demeanor change . saul femm ( with great authority ) : stop ! surprise , penderel stop , turn and look at saul who scowl at he grimly . saul femm : I want to tell you a story . penderel return to saul who back away from he but show no fear . saul laugh he maniacal laugh . saul femm : ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ! saul stop by the table , stand in the middle of the mess of food and plate and utensil on the floor beside it . saul hear a noise from the cupboard and point to it . saul femm : who 's in there ? penderel : nobody . saul femm : Friends of yours ? penderel : I tell you , nobody . saul femm : shall we invite they out ? penderel : you -- you be go to tell I something . saul femm : yes . so I be . saul look down at the floor . the large knife , use earlier to cut the roast beef , lie at he foot . before penderel can make a move , saul grab the knife . saul femm : ha ha ha ha ha ha ! penderel maneuver himself between saul and the cupboard . penderel : wo not you -- will not you tell I that story ? saul femm : yes . shall we sit down ? penderel : yes. let 's . the two man watch each other carefully as they slowly take seat at opposite end of the table . saul femm : who be in that cupboard ? penderel : nobody . tell I what you be go to say to I . saul rise , knife in hand , and quickly come around the table to sit beside penderel , push the light candle along with he . saul femm : be you interested in flame ? penderel : why -- why , yes . yes , I be , rather . saul femm : I have make a study of flame . penderel : have you ? that happen to be very interesting . saul femm : I know thing about flame that nobody else in the world know . penderel : wo not you tell I ? I would like very much to know . saul femm : why should I tell you ? you would not tell I who be in that cupboard . penderel : well , I do tell you . besides , you know , it be not fair to make I curious and then just not say anything . saul femm : you would like I to tell you all about fire , would you ? penderel : yes , I wish you would . saul femm : well , first of all , I learn that flame be really knife . they be cold , my friend . sharp and cold as snow . they burn like ice . penderel glance around and spot the poker by the fireplace , a few foot away . penderel : oh . that certainly be very -- very interesting . so , they be really like knife , be they ? well , do go on . tell I what else you find out . penderel rise and slowly inch toward the poker . saul femm : oh , a lot of thing . my friend , sit down . penderel return to he seat . saul femm : so , you think you could cheat I , do you ? you think you could leave I sit here and I would not notice . but , you see , I be a clever man also . that be why we understand one another . that be why you understand so quickly that I want to kill you . ha ha ha . ha ha . we understand each other so well , do not we , my friend ? penderel : yes . yes , indeed we do . from the start , somehow i- I like you and I - I think you like I . saul femm : like you ? my friend , I love you . do you know my name be saul ? saul , my friend . and saul love David . penderel : yes , indeed he do . saul femm : but saul be afraid of David because the Lord be with he and be depart from saul . and it come to pass on the morrow that the evil spirit come upon saul and he prophesied in the midst of the house . and David play upon the harp with he hand . and there be a javelin in saul 's hand . ( saul brandish the knife ) and saul cast the javelin . saul plunge the knife in and out of the wooden table , startling penderel . saul laugh he wick laugh . saul femm : and he say , I will smite David even to the [ wall ? ] with it . again , saul stab the table . saul femm : and David [ appoint ? ] out of he presence twice . twice , my friend . and the third time -- the third time -- you must be careful . penderel : listen . I be you friend . I be on you side . it 's silly to lose I . if you lose I -- ( point to the door , shouting ) look ! there 's Morgan ! he 's come for you ! Morgan ! saul turn to look . penderel leap up and grab for the poker . saul turn back to penderel . saul femm : stop ! do not move ! saul hurl the knife at penderel who fall backward into a chair to avoid it . the knife stick in the back of the chair just inch from penderel 's shocked face . penderel yank the knife out of the chair but before he can do anything , saul , laugh like the Devil , rush at penderel . penderel try to rise but lose he foot and fall to the floor . saul quickly pick up a chair and viciously smashes penderel with it , knock he unconscious . a triumphant , cackle saul grab a burn log from the fire and race up the stair with it . on the gallery wall , above the room , hang a large black curtain . saul begin to set it afire . below , penderel regains consciousness and see saul try to set fire to the curtain . penderel stagger to he foot , clutching he leave shoulder in pain , and desperately try to climb the stair . the curtain have catch fire and burn brightly . as penderel reach the gallery , saul attack he with the flame log . with he good right arm , penderel pin saul 's arm and kick the log from he hand . the two fight it out . the little man make up in ferocity what he lack in size and throw the entire weight of he small body into penderel 's again and again . the curtain burn and penderel make a futile effort to beat out the flame but saul knock he away from it . saul crush penderel against the gallery railing and bite he on the neck . penderel push saul 's head away from he . CUT to : the kitchen . Philip and porterhouse be trap inside and Morgan be nowhere to be see . they pound on the lock kitchen door , try to break it down . CUT to : the MAIN room where the flame grow higher and saul be beat penderel senseless . CUT to : Inside the cupboard where a distraught gladys and Margaret sit with they arm around each other . CUT to : the MAIN room where penderel and saul struggle on the gallery . the railing crack ominously behind they . penderel and saul , still fight , move away from the railing as it give way . but they conflict take they over the edge . saul and penderel fall from the gallery and crash sickeningly to the floor below . CUT to : Inside the cupboard . gladys and Margaret , hearing the crash , try to get out . CUT to : the MAIN room . the lock corridor door suddenly splinter apart . Morgan smashes it open with he bare hand and enter , breathe hard , slightly dishevel from the fight . he look around . the blaze gallery curtain have apparently burn itself out . Morgan fail to see saul 's body -- it 's hide from view , partially by a chair and partially by penderel who lie atop it . Morgan hear a banging noise come from the cupboard . CUT to : Inside the cupboard . gladys and Margaret , pound on the cupboard door . margaret waverton : Philip ! Philip ! CUT to : the MAIN room . Morgan cross to the cupboard and open the door . gladys ' cry of relief turn into a scream when she see that it 's Morgan . his eye light up at the sight of Margaret . the two woman scramble out of the cupboard and circle Morgan warily . gladys see penderel and try to rush to he but Margaret , in fear of Morgan , grab she by the arm and pull she back . gladys : oh , let go ! can not you see ? there 's penderel ! Margaret release gladys ' hand . gladys try to cross to penderel but be intercept by Morgan who keep she in front of he . gladys beat on Morgan 's chest . gladys : let I go to he . go on , let I go by . go on , let I pass . Morgan pay little attention and merely stare longingly at a terrify Margaret . finally , he brutally twist gladys ' arm . gladys : ooh , you swine . but I be not afraid of you . I be go to he . do you hear ? Morgan throw gladys to the floor , knock she unconscious . margaret waverton : oh , how could you ? then Morgan close in on Margaret . CUT to : Philip and porterhouse , still trap in the kitchen , use a table as a batter ram on the lock kitchen door . CUT to : the MAIN room where Morgan and Margaret face off . she finally find the courage to stand up to he . margaret waverton : listen , you have get to let I alone , do you hear ? I have get to go to penderel . he 's hurt . oh , how can I make you understand ? he 's hurt . I have get to look after he and the other man , too , saul . they be both hurt . at the mention of saul , Morgan be stunne . he stare hard at Margaret and clutches she shoulder , try to understand . Margaret point at the two still body lie across the room . Morgan rush to they , push penderel 's limp body off of saul 's and cradle the little man in he arm . but it 's too late . saul be dead . a long moment of silence . Morgan weep , slowly lift the lifeless body into he arm . as he do , the distant sound of the kitchen door be smashed open drift into the main room . porterhouse and Philip burst in through the break corridor door -- just in time to see Morgan , the giant , carry the tiny saul to the stair . Philip watch incredulously as Morgan walk right past he as if he be not there . a distraught Morgan carry saul up the stair , as if take he to Heaven . Philip and porterhouse watch he go and then cross to the woman . philip waverton : be you all right , Margaret ? margaret waverton : yes , I be all right , darling . they embrace . porterhouse cradle gladys ' head in he arm . porterhouse : gladys . gladys regains consciousness . porterhouse : it 's all right . come on now . you feel better ? gladys : yes , I be not so bad . porterhouse : what happen to you ? margaret waverton : that be Morgan . he hit she . Philip examine penderel 's still form . he look up from the body , a dark expression on he face : penderel be dead . porterhouse help gladys to she foot . porterhouse : come on . gladys : I be all right now . ( suddenly remember ) where 's penderel ? I have get to look after he . frantic , gladys try to cross to penderel 's body . Philip catch she . philip waverton : you would better not go over there . come with I . Philip try to lead gladys away but she break free and rush to penderel 's body . she cradle he head in arm and begin to whimper . the waverton embrace one another . porterhouse wince and cover he face with he hand . with penderel 's head in she lap , gladys rock back and forth hysterically , she hand press to he face and neck . suddenly , she stop . a weird expression cross she face . gladys : he 's alive ! philip waverton : what ? gladys : he 's alive , I tell you ! he 's alive ! the other kneel around penderel and gladys as she weep for joy . the waverton rub penderel 's hand . gladys be so overcome with happiness , she hug porterhouse . fade out on the little group of traveler cluster around one another on the floor in the center of the great big room . fade in on the MAIN room , early the next morning . Sun shine in through the window . a cock crow . songbird chirp and whistle innocuously throughout this last scene . gladys still sit on the floor with penderel 's now - bandage head in she lap . porterhouse , in a heavy coat , doze in a nearby chair . gladys look up to see Horace -- all sweetness and light now that the danger have pass -- glide down the stair as if nothing have happen . horace femm ( sweetly , to porterhouse ) : good morning . porterhouse ( surprised to see he ) : good morning . horace femm : good morning , mister waverton . the exhaust waverton , dress as they be when they first arrive , be on a bench . Margaret lean against Philip , eye close with fatigue . Philip tip he hat ironically to Horace . philip waverton : good morning . Horace peer out the window . horace femm : the flood have subside considerably . porterhouse ( yawn ) : thank Heaven for that . horace femm : I think it will be possible for you to send for a ambulance now . the waverton have rise , eager to leave . margaret waverton : you mean we can go ? philip waverton : yes , I be sure we can go now . come along , darling . Philip grab they bag . philip waverton ( to porterhouse ) : you be go to stay here with gladys , be not you ? porterhouse : I be . do not be long . philip waverton : we will not . we will be as quick as we can . Horace lead the waverton to the front door , pause only to raise a eyebrow at what 's leave of the corridor door that Morgan smashed up earlier . horace femm ( to the waverton , off the door ) : heh ! Horace open the front door and , with a overly polite gesture , let the waverton out . CUT to : the front step , in dazzle sunlight , as the waverton exit the house and make they way gingerly down the step . a little rainwater trickle off the roof . Horace stand at the top of the step and grin . horace femm : Goodbye . philip waverton : Goodbye . horace femm : Goodbye . so happy to have meet you . still grin , Horace animatedly gesture he good - by to the couple , as if to say " bon voyage " . Horace glance up to see Rebecca at a open window as she scowl , grunt , and wave dismissively , as if to say " good riddance " . she slam the window shut and disappear . unperturbed , Horace re-enter the house . CUT to : the MAIN room , not long after , where penderel awaken to find gladys ' face smile down at he . penderel : so , I be really dead and go to Heaven ? gladys : no , it 's morning and we have only just leave Hell behind . penderel : Morning ? gladys : yes . cold light of day . be not there something you be go to tell I in the cold light of day ? penderel : come to think of it , there be . Perkins . will you marry I ? gladys smile and kiss penderel as a sleep porterhouse snore . fade out ______________________________________________ last revision : 10 July 1999 this page host by get you own free Home page