the shawshank redemption by Frank darabont base upon the story rita hayworth and shawshank redemption by Stephen King 1 int -- cabin -- night ( 1946 ) a dark , empty room . the door burst open . a man and woman enter , drunk and giggle , horny as hell . no sooner be the door shut than they be all over each other , rip at clothes , paw at flesh , mouth lock together . he grope for a lamp , try to turn it on , knock it over instead . Hell with it . he 's get more urgent thing to do , like get she blouse open and he hand on she breast . she arch , moan , fumble with he fly . he slam she against the wall , rip she skirt . we hear fabric tear . he enter she right then and there , roughly , up against the wall . she cry out , hit she head against the wall but not caring , grind against he , claw he back , shiver with the sensation run through she . he carry she across the room with she leg wrap around he . they fall onto the bed . camera pull back , exite through the window , travel smoothly outside ... 2 ext -- cabin -- night ( 1946 ) 2 ...to reveal the bungalow , remote in a wood area , the lover ' cry spilling into the night ... ... and we drift down a wood path , the sound of rutting passion grow fainter , mingling now with the night sound of cricket and hoot owl ... ... and we begin to hear faint music in the wood , tinny and incongruous , and still we keep pulling back until ... ...a car be reveal . a 1946 plymouth . park in a clear . 3 int -- plymouth -- night ( 1946 ) 3 andy dufresne , mid - 20' , wire rim glass , three - piece suit . under normal circumstance a respectable , solid citizen ; hardly dangerous , perhaps even meek . but this circumstance be far from normal . he be dishevel , unshaven , and very drunk . a cigarette smolder in he mouth . his eye , flinty and hard , be rivete to the bungalow up the path . he can hear they fuck from here . he raise a bottle of bourbon and knock it back . the radio play softly , painfully romantic , taunting he : you step out of a dream ... you be too wonderful ... to be what you seem ... he open the glove compartment , pull out a object wrap in a rag . he lay it in he lap and unwrap it carefully -- -- revealing a .38 revolver . oily , black , evil . he grab a box of bullet . spill they everywhere , all over the seat and floor . clumsy . he pick bullet off he lap , load they into the gun , one by one , methodical and grim . six in the chamber . his gaze go back to the bungalow . he shut off the radio . abrupt silence , except for the distant lover ' moan . he take another shot of bourbon courage , then open the door and step from the car . 4 ext -- plymouth -- night ( 1946 ) 4 his wingtip shoe crunch on gravel . loose bullet scatter to the ground . the bourbon bottle drop and shatter . he start up the path , unsteady on he foot . the closer he get , the louder the lovemake become . louder and more frenzied . the lover be reach a climax , they sound of passion degenerate into rhythmic gasp and grunt . woman ( o.s. ) oh god ... oh god ...oh god ... Andy lurch to a stop , listen . the woman cry out in orgasm . the sound slam into Andy 's brain like a icepick . he shut he eye tightly , wishing the sound would stop . it finally do , die away like a siren until all that 's leave be the shallow gasp and panting of post-coitus . we hear languorous laughter , moan of satisfaction . woman ( o.s. ) oh god ... that 's sooo good ... you be the best ... the best I ever have ... Andy just stand and listen , devastate . he do not look like much of a killer now ; he 's just a sad little man on a dirt path in the wood , tear stream down he face , a load gun hold loosely at he side . a pathetic figure , really . fade to black : 1st title up 5 int -- courtroom -- day ( 1946 ) 5 the jury listen like a gallery of mannequin on display , pale - face and stupefy . d.a. ( o.s. ) Mr. dufresne , describe the confrontation you have with you wife the night she be murder . andy dufresne be on the witness stand , hand fold , suit and tie press , hair meticulously comb . he speak in soft , measure tone : andy it be very bitter . she say she be glad I know , that she hate all the sneaking around . she say she want a divorce in reno . d.a . what be you response ? andy I tell she I would not grant one . d.a. ( refer to he note ) I will see you in Hell before I see you in reno . that be the word you use , Mr. dufresne , accord to the testimony of you neighbor . andy if they say so . I really do not remember . I be upset . fade to black : 2nd title up d.a . what happen after you and you wife argue ? andy she pack a bag and go to stay with Mr. quentin . d.a. Glenn quentin . the golf pro at the falmouth Hills country Club . the man you have recently discover be she lover . ( Andy nod ) do you follow she ? andy I go to a few bar first . later , I decide to drive to Mr. quentin 's home and confront they . they be not there ... so I park my car in the turnout ... and wait . d.a. with what intention ? andy I be not sure . I be confuse . drunk . I think mostly I want to scare they . d.a . you have a gun with you ? andy yes . I do . fade to black : 3rd title up d.a . when they arrive , you go up to the house and murder they ? andy no . I be sober up . I realize she be not worth it . I decide to let she have she quickie divorce . d.a. quickie divorce indeed . a .38 caliber divorce , wrap in a handtowel to muffle the shot , be not that what you mean ? and then you shot she lover ! andy I do not . I get back in the car and drive home to sleep it off . along the way , I stop and throw my gun into the Royal River . I feel I have be very clear on this point . d.a . yes , you have . where I get hazy , though , be the part where the clean woman show up the next morning and find you wife and she lover in bed , riddled with .38 caliber bullet . do that strike you as a fantastic coincidence , Mr. dufresne , or be it just I ? andy ( softly ) yes . it do . d.a. I be sorry , Mr. dufresne , I do not think the jury hear that . andy yes . it do . d.a. do what ? andy Strike I as a fantastic coincidence . d.a . on that , sir , we be in accord ... fade to black ! 4 th title up d.a . you claim you throw you gun into the Royal River before the murder take place . that 's rather convenient . andy it 's the truth . d.a . you recall Lt. mincher 's testimony ? he and he man drag that river for three day and nary a gun be find . so no comparison can be make between you gun and the bullet take from the bloodstain corpse of the victim . that 's also rather convenient , be not it , Mr. dufresne ? andy ( faint , bitter smile ) since I be innocent of this crime , sir , I find it decidedly inconvenient the gun be never find . fade to black : sth title up 6 int -- courtroom -- day ( 1946 ) 6 the d.a. hold the jury spellbound with he close summation : d.a. lady and gentleman , you have hear all the evidence , you know all the fact . we have the accuse at the scene of the crime . we have foot print . Tire track . bullet scattered on the ground which bear he fingerprint . a break bourbon bottle , likewise with fingerprint . most of all , we have a beautiful young woman and she lover lie dead in each other 's arm . they have sin . but be they crime so great as to merit a death sentence ? he gesture to Andy sit quietly with he attorney . d.a. I suspect Mr. dufresne 's answer to that would be yes . I further suspect he carry out that sentence on the night of September 21st , this year of we Lord , 1946 , by pump four bullet into he wife and another four into Glenn quentin . and while you think about that , think about this ... he pick up a revolver , spin the cylinder before they eye like a carnival barker spin a wheel of fortune . d.a . a revolver hold six bullet , not eight . I submit to you this be not a hot-bloode crime of passion ! that could at least be understand , if not condon . no , this be revenge of a much more brutal and cold - blooded nature . consider ! four bullet per victim ! not six shot fire , but eight ! that mean he fire the gun empty ... and then stop to reload so he could shoot each of they again ! a extra bullet per lover ... right in the head . ( a few juror shiver ) I be do talk . you people be all decent , god-fear Christian folk . you know what to do . fade to black : 6th title up 7 int -- jury room -- day ( 1946 ) 7 camera track down a long table , move from one juror to the next . this decent , god-fear Christians be chow down on a nice fry chicken dinner provide they by the county , smack greasy lip and gnaw cobbettes of corn . voice ( o.s. ) guilty . guilty . guilty . guilty ... we find the foreman at the head of the table , sorting vote . fade to black : 7th title up 8 int -- courtroom -- day ( 1946 ) 8 Andy stand before the dias . the judge peer down , frame by a carve frieze of blind Lady justice on the wall . judge you strike I as a particularly icy and remorseless man , Mr. dufresne . it chill my blood just to look at you . by the power vested in I by the State of Maine , I hereby order you to serve two life sentence , back to back , one for each of you victim . so be it . he rap he gavel as we crash to black : last title up . 9 a iron - barred door 9 slide open with a enormous clang . a stark room wait beyond . camera push through . seven humorless men sit side by side at a long table . a empty chair face they . we be now in : int -- shawshank hearing room -- day ( 1947 ) red enter , remove he cap and wait by the chair . man # 1 sit . Red sit , try not to slouch . the chair be uncomfortable . man # 2 we see by you file you have serve twenty year of a life sentence . man # 3 you feel you have be rehabilitated ? red yes , sir . absolutely . I have learn my lesson . I can honestly say I be a change man . I be no longer a danger to society . that 's the God 's honest truth . no doubt about it . the man just stare at he . one stifles a yawn . closeup -- parole form a big rubber stamp slam down : " rejected " in red ink . 10 ext -- exercise yard -- shawshank prison -- dusk ( 1947 ) 10 High stone wall top with snaky concertina wire , set off at interval by loom guard tower . over a hundred con be in the yard . play catch , shoot crap , jaw at each other , make deal . Exercise period . red emerge into fade daylight , slouches low - key through the activity , wear cap on he head , exchange hellos and do minor business . he 's a important man here . red ( v.o. ) there 's a con like I in every prison in America , I guess . I be the guy who can get it for you . cigarettes , a bag of reefer if you be partial , a bottle of brandy to celebrate you kid 's high school graduation . damn near anything , within reason . he slip somebody a pack of smoke , smooth sleight - of -hand . red ( v.o. ) yes sir , I be a regular sear &amp ; roebuck . two short siren blast issue from the main tower , draw everybody 's attention to the load dock . the outer gate swing open ... revealing a gray prison bus outside . red ( v.o. ) so when Andy dufresne come to I in 1949 and ask I to smuggle rita hayworth into the prison for he , I tell he no problem . and it be not . con Fresh fish ! Fresh fish today ! Red be join by heywood , skeet , floyd , jigger , ernie , snooze . most con crowd to the fence to gawk and jeer , but Red and he group mount the bleacher and settle in comfortably . 11 int -- prison bus -- dusk ( 1947 ) 11 Andy sit in back , wear steel collar and chain . red ( v.o. ) Andy come to shawshank prison in early 1947 for murdering he wife and the fella she be bangin ' . the bus lurch forward , rumble through the gate . Andy gaze around , swallow by prison wall . red ( v.o. ) on the outside , he would be vice - president of a large Portland bank . good work for a man as young as he be , when you consider how conservative bank be back then . tower guard all clear ! guard approach the bus with carbine . the door jerk open . the new fish disembark , chain together single - file , blink sourly at they surroundings . Andy stumble against the man in front of he , almost drag he down . byron hadley , captain of the guard , slam he baton into Andy 's back . Andy go to he knee , gasp in pain . jeer and shout from the spectator . hadley on you foot before I fuck you up so bad you never walk again . 13 on the bleacher 13 red there they be , boy . the human charm bracelet . heywood never see such a sorry - lookin ' heap of maggot shit in my life . jigger comin ' from you , heywood , you be so pretty and all ... floyd takin ' bet today , Red ? red ( pull notepad and pencil ) bear Catholic ? Pope shit in the wood ? smoke or coin , bettor 's choice . floyd smoke . put I down for two . red High roller . who 's you horse ? floyd that gangly sack of shit , third from the front . he will be the first . heywood bullshit . I will take that action . ernie I too . other hand go up . Red jot the name . heywood you be out some smoke , son . take my word . floyd you be so smart , you call it . heywood I say that chubby fat -ass ... let 's see ... fifth from the front . put I down for a quarter deck . red that 's five cigarettes on fat - ass . any taker ? more hand go up . Andy and the other be parade along , force by they chain to take tiny baby step , flinching under the barrage of jeer and shout . the old - timer be shaking the fence , try to make the newcomer shit they pants . some of the new fish shout back , but mostly they look terrify . especially Andy . red ( v.o. ) I must admit I do not think much of Andy first time I laid eye on he . he might 'a be important on the outside , but in here he be just a little turd in prison gray . look like a stiff breeze could blow he over . that be my first impression of the man . skeet what say , Red ? red Little fella on the end . definitely . I stake half a pack . any taker ? snooze Rich bet . red c'mon , boy , who 's gonna prove I wrong ? ( hand go up ) floyd , skeet , Joe , heywood . four brave soul , ten smoke apiece . that 's it , gentleman , this window 's close . Red pocket he notepad . a voice come over the p.a. speaker : voice ( amplify ) return to you cellblock for evening count . 14 int -- admitting area -- dusk ( 1947 ) 14 the new fish be march in . Guards unlock the shackle . the chain drop away , rattling to the stone floor . hadley eye front . warden SAMUEL norton stroll forth , a colorless man in a gray suit and a church pin in he lapel . he look like he could piss ice water . he appraise the newcomer with flinty eye . norton this be Mr. hadley , captain of the guard . I be Mr. norton , the warden . you be sinner and scum , that 's why they send you to I . rule number one : no blasphem . I will not have the Lord 's name take in vain in my prison . the other rule you will figure out as you go along . any question ? con when do we eat ? cue by norton 's glance , hadley step up to the con and scream right in he face : hadley you eat when we say you eat ! you piss when we say you piss ! you shit when we say you shit ! you sleep when we say you sleep ! you maggot - dick motherfucker ! hadley ram the tip of he club into the con 's belly . the man fall to he knee , gasp and clutching himself . hadley take he place at norton 's side again . softly : norton any other question ? ( there be none ) I believe in two thing . discipline and the Bible . here , you will receive both . ( hold up a Bible ) put you faith in the Lord . you ass belong to I . welcome to shawshank . hadley off with they clothes ! and I do not say take all day do it , do I ? the man shed they clothes . within second , all stand naked . hadley first man into the shower ! hadley shove the first con into a steel cage open at the front . two guard open up with a fire hose . the con be slam against the back of the cage , sputtering and holler . second later , the water be cut and the con yank out . hadley delouse that piece of shit ! next man in ! the con get a huge scoop of white delouse powder throw all over he . gasp and cough , blink powder from he eye , he get shove to a trustee 's cage . the trustee slide a short stack of item through the slot -- prison clothes and a Bible . all the man be process quickly -- a blast of water , powder , clothes and a Bible ... 15 int -- infirmary -- night ( 1947 ) 15 a naked con step before a doctor and get a cursory exam . a penlight be shine in he eye , ear , nose , and throat . doctor Bend over . the con do . a guard with a penlight in he tooth spread he cheek , peer up he ass , and nod . Andy be next up . he get the same treatment . 16 int -- prison chapel -- night ( 1947 ) 16 camera track the naked newcomer shiver on hard wooden chair , clothes on they lap , bible open . chaplain ( o.s. ) ... maketh I to lie down in green pasture . he leadeth I beside the still water . he restoreth my soul ... 17 int -- cellblock five -- night ( 1947 ) 17 Three tier to a side , concrete and steel , gray and impose . Andy and the other be march in , still naked , carry they clothes and bible . the con in they cell greet they with taunt , jeer , and laughter . one by one , the new man be show to they cell and lock in with a clang of steel . red ( v.o. ) the first night 's the toughest , no doubt about it . they march you in naked as the day you be bear , fresh from a Bible read , skin burn and half - blind from that delouse shit they throw on you ... Red watch from he cell , arm sling over the crossbar , cigarette dangle from he finger . red ( v.o. ) ... and when they put you in that cell , when that bar slam home , that 's when you know it 's for real . Old life blow away in the blink of a eye ... a long cold season in hell stretch out ahead ... nothing leave but all the time in the world to think about it . Red listen to the clanging below . he watch Andy and a few other be bring up to the 2nd tier . red ( v.o. ) most new fish come close to madness the first night . somebody always break down cry . happens every time . the only question be , who 's it gonna be ? Andy be lead past and give a cell at the end of the tier . red ( v.o. ) it 's as good a thing to bet on as any , I guess . I have my money on Andy dufresne ... 18 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1947 ) 18 the bar slam home . Andy be alone in he cell , clutching he clothes . he gaze around at he new surroundings , take it in . he slowly begin to dress himself ... 19 ext -- shawshank prison -- night ( 1947 ) 19 a malignant stone growth on the Maine landscape . the moon hang low and baleful in a dead sky . the headlight of a passing train cut through the night . 20 int -- red' cell -- night ( 1947 ) 20 Red lie on he bunk below we , toss he baseball toward the ceiling and catch it again . he pause , listen . footstep approach below , unhurry , echoing hollowly on stone . 21 int -- cellblock five -- night ( 1947 ) 21 low angle . a cellblock guard stroll into frame . guard that 's light out ! good night , lady . the light bump off in sequence . the guard exit , footstep echoing away . darkness now . silence . camera crane up the tier toward Red 's cell . red ( v.o. ) I remember my first night . seem a long time ago now . Red loom from the darkness , lean on the bar . listen . wait . from somewhere below come faint , ghastly tittering . voice drift through the cellblock , taunting : various voice ( o.s. ) fishee fishee fisheeee ... you be gonna like it here , new fish . a whooole lot ... make you wish you daddy never dick you mommy ... you takin ' this down , new fish ? gonna be a quiz later . ( somebody laugh ) sshhh . keep it down . the screw will hear ... fishee fishee fisheeee ... red ( v.o. ) the boy always go fishin ' with first-timer ... and they do not quit till they reel someone in . the voice keep on , sly and creepy in the dark ... 22 int -- various cell -- night ( 1947 ) 22 through through 25 2g ... while the new con go quietly crazy in they cell . one man pace like a cage animal ... another sit gnaw he cuticle bloody ... a third be weep silently ... a fourth be dry-heave into the toilet ... 26 int -- red' cell -- night ( 1947 ) 26 Red wait at the bar . smoke . listen . he crane he head , peer down toward Andy 's cell . nothing . not a peep . heywood ( o.s. ) fat-ass ...oh , faaaat - ass . talk to I , boy . I know you be in there . I can hear you breathin' . now do not you listen to this nitwit , hear ? 27 int -- fat - ass ' cell -- night ( 1947 ) 27 fat - ass be cry , try not to hyperventilate . heywood ( o.s. ) this be not such a bad place . I will introduce you around , make you feel right at home . I know some big ol ' bull queer who would love to make you acquaintance ... especially that big white mushy butt of yours ... and that 's it . fat - ass let out a loud wail of despair : fat - ass oh GOD ! I don't belong here ! I wanna go home ! 28 int -- heywood' cell -- night ( 1947 ) 28 heywood and it's fat - ass by a nose . ' 29 int -- cellblock -- night ( 1947 ) 29 the place go nut . fat - ass throw himself scream against the bar . the entire block start chanting : voice Fresh fish ... fresh fish ... fresh fish ... fresh fish ... fat - ass I wanna go home ! I want my mother . ' voice ( o.s. ) I have you mother ! she be not that great ! the light bump on . guard pour in , lead by hadley himself . hadley what the Christ be this happy shit ? voice ( o.s. ) he take the Lord 's name in vain ! I be tellin' the warden ! hadley ( to the unseen wit ) you will be tellin ' he with my baton up you ass ! hadley arrive at fat - ass ' cell , bellow through the bar : hadley what 's you malfunction you fat fuckin ' barrel of monkey - spunk ? fat - ass please ! this ain't right ! I ain't supposed to be here ! not I ! hadley I be not gonna count to three ! not even to one ! now shut the fuck up ' fore I sing you a lullabye ! fat - ass keep blubber and wail . total freak -out . hadley draw he baton , gesture to he man . open it . a guard unlock the cell . hadley pull fat - ass out and start beat he with the baton , brutally raining blow . fat - ass fall , try to crawl . the place go dead silent . all we hear now be the dull thwack - thwack -thwack of the baton . fat -ass pass out . hadley get in a few more lick and finally stop . hadley get this tub of shit down to the infirmary . ( peer around ) if I hear so much as a mouse fart in here the rest of the night , by God and sonny Jesus , you will all visit the infirmary . every last motherfucker here . the guard wrestle fat - ass onto a stretcher and carry he off . footstep echo away . light off . darkness again . silence . 30 int -- red' cell -- night ( 1947 ) 30 Red stare through the bar at the main floor below , eye rivete to the small puddle of blood where fat - ass go down . red ( v.o. ) his first night in the joint , Andy dufresne cost I two pack of cigarettes . he never make a sound ... 31 int -- cellblock five -- morning ( 1947 ) 31 loud buzzer . the master lock be throw -- ka-thump ! the con step from they cell , lining the tier . the guard holler they head - count to the head bull , who jot on a clipboard . Red peer at Andy , check he out . Andy stand in line , collar buttone , hair comb . 32 int -- mess hall -- morning ( 1947 ) 32 Andy go through the breakfast line , get a scoop of glop on he tray . we pan andy through the noise and confusion ... and discover bog diamond and rooster macbride watch Andy go by . bog size Andy up with a salacious gleam in he eye , mutter something to rooster . rooster laugh . Andy find a table occupy by Red and he regular , choose a spot at the end where nobody be sit . ignoring they stare , he pick up he spoon -- and pause , see something in he food . he carefully fish it out with he finger . it 's a squirming maggot . Andy grimace , unsure what to do with it . brooks hatlen be sit close to Andy . at age 65 , he 's a senior citizen , a long-standing resident . brooks you gonna eat that ? andy have not plan on it . brooks you mind ? Andy pass the maggot to brook . brook examine it , roll it between he fingertip like a man check out a fine cigar . Andy be rivete with apprehension . brooks mmm . Nice and ripe . Andy can not bear to watch . brook open up he sweater and feed the maggot to a baby crow nestle in a inside pocket . Andy breathes a sigh of relief . brooks Jake say thanks . fell out of he nest over by the plate shop . I be lookin ' after he till he 's old enough to fly . Andy nod , proceed to eat . carefully . heywood approach . jigger oh , Christ , here he come . heywood mornin ' , boy . it 's a fine mornin ' . you know why it 's fine ? heywood plop he tray down , sit . the man start pull out cigarettes and hand they down . heywood that 's right , send them all down . I wanna see them line up in a row , pretty as a chorus line . a impressive pile form . heywood bend down and inhale deeply , smell the aroma . rapture . floyd smell my ass ... heywood gee , Red . terrible shame , you horse comin ' in last and all . Hell , I sure do love that horse of mine . I believe I owe that boy a big sloppy kiss when I see he . red give he some 'a you cigarettes instead , cheap bastard . heywood say tyrell , you pull infirmary duty this week ? how 's that winnin ' horse of mine , anyway ? tyrell Dead . ( the man fall silent ) hadley bust he head pretty good . Doc already go home for the night . poor bastard lay there till this morning . by then ... he shake he head , turn back to he food . the silence mount . heywood glance around . Men resume eat . softly : andy what be he name ? heywood what ? what would you say ? andy I be wonder if anyone know he name . heywood what the fuck you care , new fish ? ( resume eat ) do not matter what he fuckin ' name be . he 's dead . 33 int -- prison laundry -- day ( 1947 ) 33 a deafening noise of industrial washer and press . Andy work the laundry line . a nightmarish job . he 's new at it . bob , the con foreman , elbow he aside and show he how it 's do . 34 int -- shower -- day ( 1947 ) 34 shower head mount in bare concrete . Andy shower with a dozen or more man . no modesty here . at least the water be good and hot , soothing he torture muscle . bog loom from the billow steam , smile , check Andy up and down . rooster and pete appear from the side . the sister . bog you be some sweet punk . you be break in yet ? Andy try to step past they . he get shove around , nothing serious , just some slap and tickle . jackal size up prey . bog hard to get . I like that . Andy break free , flushed and shaking . he hurry off , leave the three sister laugh . 35 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1947 ) 35 Andy lie stare at the darkness , unable to sleep . 36 ext -- exercise yard -- day ( 1947 ) 36 Exercise period . Red play catch with heywood and jigger , lazily toss a baseball around . Red notice Andy off to the side . nod hello . Andy take this as a cue to amble over . heywood and jigger pause , watch . andy ( offer he hand ) hello . I be Andy dufresne . Red glance at the hand , ignore it . the game continue . red the wife - killin ' banker . andy how do you know that ? red I keep my ear to the ground . why would you do it ? andy I do not , since you ask . red Hell , you will fit right in , then . ( off Andy 's look ) everyone 's innocent in here , do not you know that ? heywood ! what be you in for , boy ? heywood do not do it ! lawyer fuck I ! Red give Andy a look . see ? andy what else have you hear ? red people say you be a cold fish . they say you think you shit smell sweeter than ordinary . that true ? andy what do you think ? red ai not make up my mind yet . heywood nudge jigger . watch this . he wind up and throw the ball hard -- right at Andy 's head . Andy see it come out of the corner of he eye , whirl and catch it . beat . he send the ball right back , zing it into heywood 's hand . heywood drop the ball and grimace , wring he stung hand . andy I understand you be a man who know how to get thing . red I be know to locate certain thing from time to time . they seem to fall into my hand . maybe it 's ' cause I be irish . andy I wonder if you could get I a rock-hammer ? red what be it and why ? andy you make you customer ' motive a part of you business ? red if you want a toothbrush , I would not ask question . I would just quote a price . a toothbrush , see , be a non-lethal sort of object . andy Fair enough . a rock -hammer be about eight or nine inch long . look like a miniature pickaxe , with a small sharp pick on one end , and a blunt hammerhead on the other . it 's for rock . red rock . Andy squat , motion Red to join he . Andy grab a handful of dirt and sift it through he hand . he find a pebble and rub it clean . it have a nice milky glow . he toss it to Red . red quartz ? andy quartz , sure . and look . mica . shale . silted granite . there 's some grade limestone , from when they cut this place out of the hill . red so ? andy I be a rockhound . at least I be , in my old life . I would like to be again , on a limited scale . red yeah , that or maybe plant you toy in somebody 's skull ? andy I have no enemy here . red no ? just wait . Red flick he gaze past Andy . bog be watch they . red Word get around . the sister have take a real shine to you , yes they have . especially bog . andy tell I something . would it help if I explain to they I be not homosexual ? red neither be they . you have to be human first . they do not qualify . ( off Andy 's look ) bull queer take by force , that 's all they want or understand . I would grow eye in the back of my head if I be you . andy thanks for the advice . red that come free . but you understand my concern . andy if there 's trouble , I doubt a rock - hammer will do I any good . red then I guess you wanna escape . tunnel under the wall maybe ? ( Andy laugh politely ) I miss the joke . what 's so funny ? andy you will know when you see the rock - hammer . red what 's this item usually go for ? andy Seven dollar in any rock and gem shop . red my standard mark - up 's twenty percent , but we be talkin ' about a special object . Risk go up , price go up . call it ten buck even . andy ten it be . red I will see what I can do . ( rise , slapping dust ) but it 's a waste of money . andy oh ? red folk who run this place love surprise inspection . they turn a blind eye to some thing , but not a gadget like that . they will find it , and you will lose it . mention my name , we will never do business again . not for a pair of shoelace or a stick of gum . andy I understand . thank you , mr...? red Red . the name 's Red . andy red. I be Andy . pleasure do business with you . they shake . Andy stroll off . Red watch he go . red ( v.o. ) I could see why some of the boy take he for snobby . he have a quiet way about he , a walk and a talk that just be not normal around here . he stroll . like a man in a park without a care or worry . like he have on a invisible coat that would shield he from this place . ( resume play catch ) yes , I think it would be fair to say I like Andy from the start . 37 int -- mess hall -- day ( 1947 ) 37 Red get he breakfast and head for a table . Andy fall in step , slip he a tightly - fold square of paper . 38 int -- red' cell -- night ( 1947 ) 38 lying on he bunk , Red unfold the square . a ten dollar bill . red ( v.o. ) he be a man who adapt fast . 39 ext -- loading dock -- day ( 1947 ) 39 under watchful supervision , con be off-load bag of dirty laundry from a " eliot nursing Home " truck . red ( v.o. ) year later , I find out he would bring in quite a bit more than just ten dollar ... a certain bag hit the ground . the truck driver shoot a look at a black con , leonard , then amble over to a guard to shoot the shit . Leonard load the bag onto a cart ... 40 int -- prison laundry -- day ( 1947 ) 40 bag be be unload . we find Leonard work the line . red ( v.o. ) when they check you into this hotel , one of the bellhop bend you over and look up you work , just to make sure you be not carry anything . but a truly determine man can get a object quite a way up there . Leonard slip a small paper - wrap package out of the laundry bag , hide it under he apron , and keep sorting ... 4l int -- prison laundry exchange -- day ( 1947 ) 41 Red deposit he dirty bundle and move down the line to where the clean sheet be be hand out . red ( v.o. ) that 's how Andy join we happy little shawshank family with more than five hundred dollar on he person . determination . Leonard catch Red 's eye , turn and grab a specific stack of clean sheet . he hand it across to Red -- tight angle -- and more than clean laundry change hand . two pack of cigarettes slide out of Red 's hand into Leonard 's . 42 int -- red' cell -- day ( 1947 ) 42 Red slip the package out of he sheet , carefully check to make sure nobody 's come , then rip it open . he pull out the rock-hammer . it 's just as Andy describe . Red laugh softly . red ( v.o. ) Andy be right . I finally get the joke . it would take a man about six hundred year to tunnel under the wall with one of this . 43 int -- cellblock five -- 2 nd tier -- night ( 1947 ) 43 brook hatlen push a cart of book from cell to cell . the roll library . he find Red wait for he . Red slip the rock-hammer , wrap in a towel , through the bar and onto the cart . next come six cigarettes to pay for postage . red dufresne . brook nod , never miss a beat . he roll he cart to Andy 's cell , mutter through the bar : brooks Middle shelf , wrap in a towel . Andy 's hand snake through the bar and make the object disappear . the hand come back and deposit a small slip of fold paper along with more cigarettes . brook turn he cart around and go back . he pause , sorting he book long enough for Red to snag the slip of paper . brook continue on , scoop the cigarettes off the cart and into he pocket . 44 int -- red' cell -- night ( 1947 ) 44 Red unfold the slip of paper . pencile neatly on it be a single word : " thanks . " 45 int -- prison laundry -- day ( 1947 ) 45 we be assault by the deafen noise of the laundry line . Andy be do he job , get good at it . bob dufresne ! we're low on hexlite ! head on back and fetch US up some ! Andy nod . he leave the line , weaving he way through the laundry room and into -- 46 int -- back room / stock area -- day ( 1947 ) 46 -- a dark , tangle maze of room and corridor , boiler and furnace , sump pump , old wash machine , pallet of clean supplies and detergent , you name it . Andy heft a cardboard drum of hexlite off the stack , turn around -- -- and find bog diamond in the aisle . block he way . rooster loom from the shadow to he right , Pete verness on the leave . a freeze beat . Andy slam the hexlite to the floor , rip off the top , and scoops out a double handful . andy you get this in you eye , it blind you . bog honey , hush . Andy back up , hold they at bay , try to maneuver through the maze . the sister keep come , tense and guard , eye rivete and gaug he every move , try to outflank he . Andy trip on some old gaint sugglies . that 's all it take . they be on he in a instant , kick and stomping . Andy get yank to he foot . bog apply a chokehold from behind . they propel he across the room and slam he against a old four- pocket machine , bend he over it . rooster jam a rag into Andy 's mouth and secure it with a steel pipe , like a horse bit . Andy kick and struggle , but rooster and Pete have he arm firmly pin . bog whisper in Andy 's ear : bog that 's it , fight . better that way . Andy start scream , muffle by the rag . camera pull back , slowly widening . the big washex block we view . all we see be Andy 's scream face and the man hold he down ... ... and camera drift from the room , leave the dark place and the dingy act behind ... moving up empty corridor , past concrete wall and steel pipe ... red ( v.o. ) I wish I could tell you that Andy fight the good fight , and the sister let he be . I wish I could tell you that , but prison be no fairy - tale world . we emerge into the prison laundry past a guard , widening for a final view of the line . the giant steel " mangler " be slapping down in brutal rhythm . the sound be deafen . red ( v.o. ) he never say who do it ... but we all know . prison montage : ( 1947 through 1949 ) 47 andy plods through he day . working . eating . chipping and 47 shaping he rock after light - out ... red ( v.o. ) thing go on like that for a while . prison life consist of routine , and then more routine . 48 andy walk the yard , face swollen and bruise . 48 red ( v.o. ) every so often , Andy would show up with fresh bruise . 49 andy eat breakfast . a few table over , bog blows he a kiss . 49 red ( v.o. ) the sister keep at he . sometimes he be able to fight they off ... sometimes not . 50 andy back into a corner in some dingy part of the prison , wildly swinging a rake at he tormentor . red ( v.o. ) he always fight , that 's what I remember . he fight because he know if he do not fight , it would make it that much easier not to fight the next time . the rake connect , snap off over somebody 's skull . they beat the hell out of he . red ( v.o. ) half the time it land he in the infirmary ... 51 int -- solitary confinement ( " the hole " ) -- night ( 1949 ) 51 a stone closet . no bed , sink , or light . just a toilet with no seat . Andy sit on bare concrete , bruise face light by a faint ray of light fall through the tiny slit in the steel door . red ( v.o. ) ... the other half , it land he in solitary . warden norton 's " grain &amp ; drain " vacation . bread , water , and all the privacy you could want . 52 int -- prison laundry -- day ( 1949 ) 52 Andy be work the line . red ( v.o. ) and that 's how it go for Andy . that be he routine . I do believe that first two year be the worst for he . and I also believe if thing have go on that way , this place would have get the best of he . but then , in the spring of 1949 , the power - that - be decide that ... 53 ext -- prison yard -- day ( 1949 ) 53 warden norton address the assemble con via bullhorn : norton ... the roof of the license- plate factory need resurfacing . I need a dozen volunteer for a week 's work . we be gonna be take name in this steel bucket here ... Red glance around at he friend . Andy also catch he eye . red ( v.o . ) it be outdoor detail , and May be one damn fine month to be workin ' outdoors . 54 ext -- prison yard -- day ( 1949 ) 54 con shuffle past , drop slip of paper into a bucket . red ( v.o. ) more than a hundred man volunteer for the job . Red saunter to a guard name tim youngblood , mutter discreetly in he ear . 55 ext -- prison yard -- day ( 1949 ) 55 youngblood be pull name and read they off . Red exchange grin with Andy and the other . red ( v.o. ) would not you know it ? I and some fella I know be among the name call . 56 int -- prison corridor -- night ( 1949 ) 56 Red slip youngblood six pack of cigarettes . red ( v.o. ) only cost we a pack of smoke per man . I make my usual twenty percent , of course . 57 ext -- license plate factory -- day ( 1949 ) 57 a tar-cooker bubbles and smoke . two con dip up a bucket of tar and tie a rope to the handle . the rope go teach . camera follows the bucket of tar up the side of the building to -- 58 the roof 58 -- where it be relay to the work detail . the man be dip big padd brushes and spread the tar . anglz over to Byron hadley bitching sourly to he fellow guard : hadley ... so this shithead lawyer call long distance from Texas , and he say , Byron hadley ? I say , yeah . he say , sorry to inform you , but you brother just die . youngblood damn , Byron . sorry to hear that . hadley I be not . he be a asshole . run off year ago , family be not hear of he since . figure he for dead anyway . so this lawyer prick say , you brother die a rich man . oil well and shit , close to a million buck . Jesus , it 's frigging incredible how lucky some asshole can get . trout a million buck ? jeez -louise ! you get any of that ? hadley thirty five thousand . that 's what he leave I . trout dollar ? Holy shit , that 's great ! like winnin ' a lottery ... ( off hadley 's shitty look ) ... be not it ? hadley dumbshit . what do you figger the government 's gonna do to I ? take a big wet bite out of my ass , be what . trout oh. have not think of that . hadley maybe leave I enough to buy a new car with . then what happen ? you pay tax on the car . repair and maintenance . goddamn kid pesterin ' you to take them for a ride ... mert and drive it , if they be old enough . hadley that 's right , want to drive it , want to learn on it , f'chrissake ! then at the end of the year , if you figure the tax wrong , they make you pay out of you own pocket . uncle Sam put he hand in you shirt and squeeze you tit till it 's purple . always get the short end . that 's a fact . ( spit over the side ) some brother . shit . the prisoner keep spread tar , eye on they work . heywood poor Byron . what terrible fuckin ' luck . imagine inherite thirty five thousand dollar . red crying shame . some folk get it awful bad . Red glance over -- and be shocked to see Andy stand up , listen to the guard talk . red hey , you nut ? keep you eye on you pail ! Andy toss he padd in the bucket and stroll toward hadley . red Andy ! come back ! shit ! snooze what 's he do ? floyd gettin ' himself kill . red God damn it ... heywood just keep spreadin ' tar ... the guard stiffen at Andy 's approach . youngblood 's hand go to he holster . the tower guard click -clack they rifle bolt . hadley turn , stupefy to find Andy there . andy Mr. hadley . do you trust you wife ? hadley that 's funny . you be gonna look funnier suckin ' my dick with no fuckin ' tooth . andy what I mean be , do you think she would go behind you back ? try to hamstring you ? hadley that 's it ! step aside , mert . this fucker 's havin ' hisself a accident . hadley grab Andy 's collar and propel he violently toward the edge of the roof . the con furiously keep spread tar . heywood oh God , he 's gonna do it , he 's gonna throw he off the roof ... snooze oh shit , oh fuck , oh Jesus ... andy because if you do trust she , there 's no reason in the world you can not keep every cent of that money . hadley abruptly jerk Andy to a stop right at the edge . in fact , Andy 's past the edge , beyond he balance , shoetip scraping the roof . the only thing between he and a ugly drop to the concrete be hadley 's grip on the front of he shirt . hadley you better start make sense . andy if you want to keep that money , all of it , just give it to you wife . see , the IRS allow you a one - time - only gift to you spouse . it 's good up to sixty thousand dollar . hadley naw , that be not right ! tax free ? andy tax free . IRS can not touch one cent . the con be pause work , stunne by this business discussion . hadley you be the smart banker what shot he wife . why should I believe a smart banker like you ? so 's I can wind up in here with you ? andy it 's perfectly legal . go ask the IRS , they will say the same thing . actually , I feel silly tell you all this . I be sure you would have investigate the matter yourself . hadley fuckin ' -a . I do not need no smart wife - killin ' banker to show I where the bear shit in the buckwheat . andy of course not . but you will need somebody to set up the tax - free gift , and that will cost you . a lawyer , for example ... hadley ambulance - chaaing , highway - robbing cocksucker ! andy ... or come to think of it , I suppose I could set it up for you . that would save you some money . I will write down the form you need , you can pick they up , and I will prepare they for you signature ... nearly free of charge . ( off hadley 's look ) I would only ask three beer apiece for my co-worker , if that seem fair . trout ( guffaw ) co-worker ! get he ! that 's rich , be not it ? co-worker ... hadley freeze he with a look . Andy press on : andy I think a nan work outdoors feel more like a man if he can have a bottle of sud . that 's only my opinion . the convict stand gape , all pretense of work go . they look like they have be pole - axed . hadley shoot they a look . hadley what be you jimmy starin ' at ? back to work , goddamn it ! 59 ext -- license plate factory -- day ( 1949 ) 59 as before , a object be haul up the side of the building by rope -- only this time , it 's a cooler of beer and ice . red ( v.o. ) and that 's how it come to pass , that on the second - to - last day of the job , the convict crew that tar the plate factory roof in the spring of ' 49 ... 60 ext -- roof -- shortly later ( 1949 ) 60 the con be take the sun and drink beer . red ( v.o. ) ... wound up sit in a row at ten o'clock in the morning , drink icy cold Black label beer courtesy of the hardest screw that ever walk a turn at shawshank State prison . hadley drink up , boy . while it 's cold . red ( v.o. ) the colossal prick even manage to sound magnanimous . Red knock back another sip , enjoy the bitter cold on he tongue and the warm sun on face . red ( v.o. ) we sit and drank with the sun on we shoulder , and feel like free man . we could 'a be tarring the roof of one of we own house . we be the lord of all creation . he glance over to Andy squatting apart from the other . red ( v.o . ) as for Andy , he spend that break hunkere in the shade , a strange little smile on he face , watch we drink he beer . heywood ( approach with a beer ) here 's a cold one , Andy . andy no thanks . I give up drink . heywood drift back to other , give they a look . red ( v.o. ) you could argue he would do it to curry favor with the guard . or maybe make a few friend among we con . I , I think he do it just to feel normal again ... if only for a short while . 61 ext -- prison yard -- the bleacher -- day ( 1949 ) 61 Andy and Red play checker . Red make he move . red King I . andy chess . now there 's a game of king . civilized ...strategic ... red ... and totally fuckin ' inexplicable . hate that game . andy maybe you will let I teach you someday . I have be think of get a board together . red you come to the right place . I be the man who can get thing . andy we might do business on a board . but the piece , I would like to carve that myself . one side do in quartz ... the oppose side in limestone . red that would take you year . andy year I have get . what I do not have be the rock . picking here in the exercise yard be pretty slim . red how 's that rock -hammer workin ' out anyway ? scratch you name on you wall yet ? andy ( smile ) not yet . I suppose I should . red Andy ? I guess we be gettin ' to be friend , be not we ? andy I suppose we be . red I ask a question ? why would you do it ? andy I be innocent , remember ? just like everybody else here . Red take this as a gentle rebuff , keep play . andy what be you in for , Red ? red murder . same as you . andy innocent ? red the only guilty man in shawshank . 62 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1949 ) 62 Andy lie in he bunk after light out , polish a fragment of quartz by the light of the moon . he pause , glance at all the name scratch in the wall . he rise , make sure the coast be clear , and start scratch he name into the cement with he rock -hammer , add to the record . 63 ray milland 63 fill the screen in glorious ( and scratchy ) black &amp ; white , suffer a bad case of dt 's ... 64 int -- prison auditorium -- night ( 1949 ) 64 ... while a convict audience hoot and catcall , talk back to the screen . we find Red slouched in a fold chair , watch the movie . Andy enter , backlit by the flicker glare of the projector , and take a seat next to he . red here 's the good part . bug come out of the wall to get he ass . andy I know . I have see it three time this month already . Ray milland start scream . the entire audience scream with he , high - pitch and hysterical . Andy fidget . andy can we talk business ? red sure . what do you want ? andy rita hayworth . can you get she ? red no problem . take a few week . andy week ? red do not have she stuff down my pants this very moment , sorry to say . relax . what be you so nervous about ? she 's just a woman . Andy nod , embarrassed . he get up and hurry out . Red grin , turn back to the movie . 65 int -- auditorium corridor -- night ( 1949 ) 65 Andy exit the theater and freeze in he track . two dark figure loom in the corridor , block he path . rooster and Pete . Andy turn back -- and run right into bog . instant bear hug . the sister be on he like a flash . they kick a door open and drag he into -- 66 the projection booth 66 -- where they confront the startle projectionist , a old con blink at they through thick bifocal . bog take a walk . projectionist I have to change reel . bog I say fuck off . terrify , the old man dart past and out the door . Pete slam and lock it . bog shove Andy to the center of the room . andy I know . I have see it three time this month already . Ray milland start scream . the entire audience scream witt he , high - pitch and hysterical . Andy fidget . andy can we talk business ? red sure . what do you want ? andy rita hayworth . can you get she ? red no problem . take a few week . andy week ? red do not have she stuff down my pants this very moment , sorry to say . relax . what be you so nervous about ? she 's just a woman . Andy nod , embarrassed . he get up and hurry out . Red grin , turn back to the movie . 65 int -- auditorium corridor -- night ( 1949 ) 65 Andy exit the theater and freeze in he track . two dark figure loom in the corridor , block he path . rooster and Pete . Andy turn back -- and run right into bog . instant bear hug . the sister be on he like a flash . they kick a door open and drag he into -- 66 the projection booth 66 -- where they confront the startle projectionist , a old con blink at they through thick bifocal . bog take a walk . projectionist I have to change reel . bog I say fuck off . terrify , the old man dart past and out the door . Pete slam and lock it . bog shove Andy to the center of the room . bog ai not you gonna scream ? Andy sigh , cock he head at the projector . andy they would never hear I over that . let 's get this over with . seemingly resign , Andy turn around , lean on the rewind bench -- and curl he finger around a full 1.000 foot reel of 35 mm film . rooster lick he lip , push past the other . rooster I first . andy okay . Andy whip the reel of film around in a vicious arc , smash it into rooster 's face and bounce he off the wall . rooster fuck ! shit ! he break my nose ! Andy fight like hell , but be soon overpower and force to he knee . bog step to Andy , pull out a awl with a vicious eight - inch spike , give he a good long look at it . bog now I be gonna open my fly , and you be gonna swallow what I give you to swallow . and when you d mine , you gonna swallow rooster 's . you do break he nose , so he ought to have something ' to show for it . andy anything you put in my mouth , you be go to lose . bog you do not understand . you do that , I will put all eight inch of this steel ii you ear . andy okay . but you should know that sudden serious brain injury cause the victim to bite down . hard. ( faint smile ) in fact , I understand the bite -reflex be so strong the victim 's jaw have to be pried open with a crowbar . the sister consider this carefully . the film run out of the projector , flap on the reel . the screen go white . bog you little fuck . Andy get a bootheel in the face . the sister start kick and beat the live shit out of he with anything they can get they hand on . in the theater , the convict be chanting and clapping for the movie to come back on . red ( v.o. ) bog do not put anything in Andy 's mouth , and neither do he friend . what they do do be beat he within a inch of he life ... 67 int -- infirmary -- day ( 1949 ) 67 Andy lie wrap in bandage . red ( v.o. ) Andy spend a month in traction . 68 int -- solitary confinement -- day ( 1949 ) 68 red ( v.o. ) bog spend a week in the hole . bog sit on bare concrete . the steel door slide open . guard time 's up , bog . 69 int -- cellblock five -- 3rd tier -- dusk ( 1949 ) 69 bog come up the stair , smoking a cigarette . not many con around ; the place be virtually desert . a voice echoe dimly over the p.a. system : voice ( o.s. ) return to you cellblock for evening count . bog enter he cell . Dark in here . he fumble for the light cord , yank it . the sudden light reveal Captain hadley six inch from he face , wait for he . mert step in behind bogs. hemming he . before bog can even open he mouth to say " what the fuck , " hadley ram the tip of he baton brutally into he solar plexus . bog double over , gag he wind out . 70 ground floor 70 Ernie come slowly around the corner , roll a steel mop cart load with supplies . 71 2nd tier 71 Red be darn a sock in he open cell . he pause , frown , hearing strange thumping sound . what the hell be that ? 72 3rd tier 72 it 's hadley and mert methodically and brutally pulping bog with they baton , and kick the shit out of he for good measure . he feebly try to ward they off . 73 2nd tier 73 puzzle , Red step from he cell , follow the sound . it dawns on he that it 's come from above . he move to the railing and lean out , craning around to look up -- 74 red' Pov 74 -- just as bog flip over the railing and come sailing directly toward we , eye bugging out , scream as he fall . 75 red ( slow motion ) 75 jump back as bog plummet past , miss he by inch , arm swim and try to grab the railing ( but miss that too ) , scream aaaaalll the way down -- 76 ground floor 76 -- and impact on Ernie 's gassing mop cart in a enormous eruption of solvent and cleanser . the cart be squash flat , shoot out from under bog and skid across the cellblock floor like a tiddly wink , kick up spark for thirty yard . Ernie be leave gape in shock at bog and all the bogs-relate wreckage at he foot . 77 2nd tier 77 Red be stunne . he very tentatively lean out and look up . above he , hadley and mert lean on the 3rd tier railing . hadley tilt the cap back on he head , shake he head . mert damn , Byron . look 'a that . hadley poor fella must 'a trip . a tiny drop of blood drip off the toe of hadley 's shoe and splashes across Red 's upturn cheek . he wipe it off , then look down at bog . con and guard be racing to the scene . red ( v.o. ) two thing never happen again after that . the sister never laid a finger on Andy again ... 7b ext -- prison yard / loading dock -- day ( 1949 ) 78 bog , wheelchair - bound and wear a neck brace , be load onto a ambulance for transport . behind the fence stand Red and he friend , watch . red ( v.o. ) ... and bog never walk again . they transfer he to a minimum security hospital upstate . to my knowledge , he live out the rest of he day drink he food through a straw . red I be thinkin ' Andy could use a nice welcome back when he get out of the infirmary . heywood sound good to we . figure we owe he for the beer . red man like to play chess . let 's get he some rock . 79 ext -- field -- day ( 1949 ) 79 a hundre con at work . hoe rise and fall in long wave . guard patrol on horseback . heywood turn up a rocky chunk , quickly shove it down he pants . he maneuver to Red and the other , pull out the chunk and show it to they . floyd that be not quartz . nor limestone . heywood what be you , fuckin ' geologist ? snooze he 's right , it be not . heywood what the hell be it then ? red horse apple . heywood bullshit . red no , horse shit . petrify . cackle , the man go back to work . heywood stare at the rock . he crumble it in he hand . red ( v.o. ) despite a few hitches , the boy come through in fine style ... 80 int -- prison laundry -- back room -- day ( 1949 ) 80 a huge detergent box be fill with rock , hide in the shadow behind a boiler furnace . red ( v.o. ) ... and by the week Andy be due back , we have enough rock save up to keep he busy till rapture . angle shift to Red as he plop a bag of " laundry " on the floor . Leonard and Bob toss a few more down . Red start pull out contraband , give they they commission . red ( v.o. ) also get a big shipment in that week . cigarettes , chew gum , shoelace , play card with naked lady on them , you name it ... ( pull a cardboard tube ) ... and , of course , the most important item . 81 int -- cellblock five -- night ( 1949 ) 81 Andy , limping a bit , return from the infirmary . Red watch from he cell as Andy be bring up and lock away . 82 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1949 ) 82 Andy find the cardboard tube lie on he bunk . guard ( o.s. ) light out ! the light go off . Andy open the tube and pull out a large roll poster . he let it uncurl to the floor . a small scrap of paper flutter out , landing at he foot . the poster be the famous rita hayworth pin- up -- one hand behind she head , eye half close , sulky lip parte . Andy pick up the scrap of paper . it read : " no charge . welcome back . " alone in the dark , Andy smile . 83 int -- cellblock five -- morning ( 1949 ) 83 the buzzer sound , the cell slam OPEN . con step from they cell . Andy catch Red 's eye , nod he thanks . as the man shuffle down to breakfast , Red glance into Andy 's cell -- 84 red' Pov -- dollying past 84 -- and see rita in she new place of honor on Andy 's wall . sunlight cast a harsh bar shadow across she lovely face . 85 int -- cellblock five -- night ( 1949 ) 85 Ernie be mop the floor . he glance back and see warden norton approach the cellblock with a entourage of a dozen guard . still mop , Ernie mutter to the nearest cell : ernie head up . they be tossin ' cell . Word travel fast from cell to cell . con scramble to tidy up and hide thing . norton enter , nod to he man . the guard pair off in all direction , make they choice at random . guard what kind 'a contraband you hide in there , boy ? cell be open , occupant displace , item scattered , mattress overturn . whatever contraband be find get toss out onto the cellblock floor . mostly harmless stuff . a guard pull a sharpen screwdriver out of a mattress , shoot a nasty look at the con responsible . norton solitary . a week . make sure he take he Bible . con too goddamn dark to read down there . norton add another week for blasphemy . the man be take away . norton 's gaze go up . norton let 's try the second tier . 86 2nd tier 86 norton arrive , make a thin show of pick a cell at random . he motion at Andy on he bunk , read he Bible . the door be unlock . norton enter , trail by he man . Andy rise . andy good evening . norton give a curt nod . hadley and trout start toss the cell in a thorough search . norton keep he eye on Andy , look for a wrong glance or nervous blink . he take the Bible out of Andy 's hand . norton I be pleased to see you read this . any favorite passage ? andy watch ye therefore , for ye know not when the master of the house cometh . norton ( smile ) luke . chapter 13 , verse 35 . I have always like that one . ( stroll the cell ) but I prefer : " I be the light of the world . he that followeth I shall not walk in darkness , but shall have the light of life . " andy John . chapter 8 , verse 12 . norton I hear you be good with number . how nice . a man should have a skill . hadley you wanna explain this ? Andy glance over . hadley be hold up a rock blanket , a polish cloth roughly the size of a oven mitt . andy it 's call a rock blanket . it 's for shaping and polish rock . Little hobby of mine . hadley glance at the rock lining the window sill , turn to norton . hadley look pretty clean . some contraband here , nothing to get in a twist over . norton nod , stroll to the poster of rita . norton I can not say I approve of this ... ( turn to Andy ) ... but I suppose exception can always be make . norton exit , the guard follow . the cell door be slam and lock . norton pause , turn back . norton I almost forget . he reach through the bar and return the Bible to Andy . norton I would hate to deprive you of this . salvation lie within . norton and he man walk away . red ( v.o. ) tossin ' cell be just a excuse . Truth be , norton want to size Andy up . 87 int -- prison laundry -- day ( 1949 ) 87 Andy be work the line . hadley enter and confer briefly with Bob . Bob nod , cross to Andy , tap he . Andy turn , remove a earplug . Bob shout over the machine noise : bob dufresne ! you 're off the line ! 88 int -- warden norton's office -- day ( 1949 ) 88 Andy be lead in . norton be at he desk do paperwork . Andy 's eye go to a frame needle - point sampler on the wall behind he that read : " he judgment cometh and that right soon . " norton my wife make that in church group . andy it 's very pretty , sir . norton you like work in the laundry ? andy no , sir . not especially . norton perhaps we can find something more befit a man of you education . 89 int -- MAIN build -- storage room -- day ( 1949 ) 89 a series of bleak room stack high with unused filing cabinet , desk , paint supplies , etc . Andy enter . he hear a flutter of wing . a adult crow land on a filing cabinet and strut back and forth , check he out . Andy smile . andy hey , Jake . where 's brook ? brook hatlen poke he head out of the back room . brooks Andy ! think I hear you out here ! andy I have be reassign to you . brooks I know , they tell I . ai not that a kick in the ass ? come on in , I will give you the dime tour . 90 int -- shawshank prison library -- day ( 1949 ) 90 brook lead Andy into the bleakest back room of all . Rough plank shelf be line with book . brook ' private domain . brooks here she be , the shawshank prison Library . along this side , we get the National geographic . that side , the reader 's digest condense book . bottom shelf there , some Louis l'amour and erle stanley gardner . every night I pile the cart and make my round . I write down the name on this clipboard here . well , that 's it . easy , peasy , japanesey . any question ? Andy pause . something about this do not make any sense . andy brook ? how long have you be librarian ? brooks since 1912 . yuh , over 37 year . andy in all that time , have you ever have a assistant ? brooks never need one . not much to it , be there ? andy so why now ? why I ? brooks I dunno . be nice to have some comp'ny down here for a change . hadley ( o.s. ) dufresne ! 91 andy step back into the outer room and find hadley with 91 another guard , a huge fellow name dekins . hadley that 's he . that 's the one . hadley exit . dekin approach Andy ominously . Andy stand he ground , wait for whatever come next . finally : dekins I be dekin . I be , uh , thinkin ' ' bout maybe settin ' up some kinda trust fund for my kid ' education . Andy cover he surprise . glance at brook . brook smile . andy I see . well . why do not we have a seat and talk it over ? brooks pull down one 'a they desk there . Andy and dekin grab a desk stand on end and tilt it to the floor . they find chair and settle in . brook return with a tablet of paper and a pen , slide they before Andy . andy what do you have in mind ? a weekly draw on you pay ? dekins yuh . I figure just stick it in the bank , but Captain hadley say check with you first . andy he be right . you do not want you money in a bank . dekins I do not ? andy what 's that gonna earn you ? two and a half , three percent a year ? we can do a lot better than that . ( wet he pen ) so tell I , Mr. dekin . where do you want to send you kid ? Harvard ? Yale ? 92 int -- mess hall -- day ( 1949 ) 92 floyd he do not say that ! brooks God be my witness . and dekin , he just blink for a second , then laugh he ass off . afterward , he actually shook Andy 's hand . heywood my ass ! brooks shook he fuckin ' hand . just about shit myself . all Andy need be a suit and tie , a jiggly little hula girl on he desk , he would 'a be mister dufresne , if you please . red makin ' yourself some friend , Andy . andy I would not say " friend . " I be a convict murderer who provide sound financial plan . that 's a wonderful pet to have . red get you out of the laundry , do not it ? andy maybe it can do more than that . ( off they look ) how about expand the library ? get some new book in there . heywood how you 'spect to do that , " Mr. dufresne -if -you-please ? " andy ask the warden for fund . laughter all around . Andy blink at they . brooks Son , I have have six warden through here during my tenure , and I have learn one great immutable truth of the universe : be not one of them be bear whose asshole do not pucker up tight as a snare drum when you ask for fund . 93 int -- MAIN build hallway -- day ( 1949 ) 93 dollying norton and Andy up the hall : norton not a dime . my budget 's stretch thin as it be . andy I see . perhaps I could write to the State Senate and request fund directly from they . norton Far as they Republican boy in augusta be concerned , there 's only three way to spend the taxpayer 's hard - earn when it come to prison . more wall . more bar . more guard . andy still , I would like to try , with you permission . I will send a letter a week . they can not ignore I forever . norton they sure can , but you write you letter if it make you happy . I will even mail them for you , how 's that ? 94 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1949 ) 94 Andy be on he bunk , write a letter . red ( v.o. ) so Andy start write a letter a week , just like he say . 95 int -- guard desk / norton's outer office -- day ( 1949 ) 95 Andy pop he head in . the guard shake he head . red ( v.o. ) and just like norton say , Andy get no answer . but still he keep on . 96 int -- prison library / andy'' office -- day ( 1950 ) 96 Andy be do tax . mert entwhistle be seat across from he . other off -duty guard be wait they turn . red ( v.o. ) the follow April , Andy do tax return for half the guard at shawshank . 97 int -- prison library -- one year later ( 1951 ) 97 tax time again . even more guard be wait . red ( v.o. ) Year after that , he do they all ... include the warden 's . 98 ext -- baseball diamond -- day ( 1952 ) 98 a batter in a " noresby Marauders " baseball uniform whack the ball high into leave field and race for first . red ( v.o. ) Year after that , they reschedule the start of the intramural season to coincide with tax season ... 99 int -- prison library / andy'' office -- day ( 1952 ) 99 the batter sit across from Andy . the line wind out the door . red ( v.o. ) the guard on the oppose team all remember to bring they W - 2's . andy moresby prison issue you that gun , but you actually have to pay for it ? the batter damn right , and the holster too . andy see , that 's all deductible . you get to write that off . red ( v.o. ) yes sir , Andy be a regular h&amp ; R block . in fact , he get so busy at tax time , he be allow a staff . angle shift to reveal Red and brook do filing chore . andy say Red , could you hand I a stack of that 1040s ? red ( v.o. ) get I out of the wood shop a month out of the year , and that be fine by I . 100 int -- guard desk / norton's outer office -- day ( 1953 ) 100 Andy enter and drop a letter on the outgo stack . red ( v.o. ) and still he keep send that letter ... 101 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1953 ) 101 Dark . Andy 's in he bunk , polish a four-inch length of quartz . it 's a beautifully - craft chess piece in the shape of a horse 's head , poise and nobility capture in gleam stone . he put the knight on a chess board by he bed , add it to four piece already there : a king , a queen , and two bishop . he turn to rita . moonlight cast bar across she face . 102 ext -- exercise yard -- day ( 1954 ) 102 floyd run into the yard , scared and wind . he find Andy and Red on the bleacher . floyd Red ? Andy ? it 's brook . 103 int -- prison library / andy'' office -- day ( 1954 ) 103 floyd rush in with Andy and Red at he heel . they find jigger and snooze try to calm brook , who have heywood in a chokehold and a knife to he throat . heywood be terrify . jigger c'mon , brooksie , why do not you just calm the fuck down , okay ? brooks goddamn miserable puke-eatin ' son of whore ! he kick a table over . tax file explode through the air . red what the hell 's go on ? snooze you tell I , man . one second he be fine , then out come the knife . I better get the guard . red no . we will handle this . ai not that right , brook ? just settle down and we will talk about it , okay ? brooks nothing leave to talk about ! it 's all talk out ! nothing leave now but to cut he fuckin ' throat ! red why ? what 's heywood do to you ? brooks that 's what they want ! it 's the price I gotta pay ! Andy step forward , rivet brook with a gaze . softly : andy brook , you be not go to hurt heywood , we all know that . even heywood know it , right heywood ? heywood ( nod , terrify ) sure . I know that . sure . andy why ? ask anyone , they will tell you . brook hatlen be a reasonable man . red ( cuing nod all around ) yeah , that 's right . that 's what everybody say . andy you be not fool anybody , so just put the damn knife down and stop scare the shit out of people . brooks but it 's the only way they will let I stay . brook burst into tear . the storm be over . heywood stagger free , gasp for air . Andy take the knife , pass it to Red . brook dissolves into Andy 's arm with great heaving sob . andy take it easy . you will be all right . heywood him ? what about I ? crazy old fool ! goddamn near slit my throat ! red you have have worse from shave . what would you do to set he off ? heywood nothin ' ! just come in to say fare - thee -well . ( off they look ) ai not you hear ? his parole come through ! Red and Andy exchange a surprised look . Andy want to understand . Red just motion to let it be for now . he put he arm around brook , who sob inconsolably . softly : red ai not that bad , old hoss . wo not be long till you be squiring pretty young girl on you arm and tell them lie . 104 ext -- prison yard bleacher -- dusk ( 1954 ) 104 andy I just do not understand what happen in there , that 's all . heywood Old man 's crazy as a rat in a tin shithouse , be what . red heywood , enough . ai not nothing wrong with brooksie . he 's just institutionalized , that 's all . heywood institutionalize , my ass . red man 's be here fifty year . this place be all he know . in here , he 's a important man , a educate man . a librarian . out there , he 's nothing but a use - up old con with arthritis in both hand . could not even get a library card if he apply . you see what I be say ? floyd Red , I do believe you be talk out of you ass . red believe what you want . this wall be funny . first you hate them , then you get use to them . after long enough , you get so you depend on them . that 's " institutionalized . " jigger shit . I could never get that way . ernie ( softly ) say that when you be inside as long as brook have . red goddamn right . they send you here for life , and that 's just what they take . part that count , anyway . 105 ext -- shawshank prison -- dawn ( 1954 ) 105 the sun rise over gray stone . 106 int -- andy'' cell -- dawn ( 1954 ) 106 angle on rita poster . sexy as ever . the rise sun send finger of rosy light creep across she face . 107 int -- library -- dawn ( 1954 ) 107 brook stand on a chair , poise at the bar of a window , cradling Jake in he hand . brooks I can not take care of you no more . you go on now . you be free . he toss Jake through the bar . the crow flap away . 108 ext -- shawshank prison -- MAIN gate -- day ( 1954 ) 108 two short siren blast herald the open of the gate . it swing hugely open , revealing brook stand in he cheap suit , carry a cheap bag , wear a cheap hat . brook walk out , tear stream down he face . he look back . Red , Andy , and other stand at the inner fence , see he off . the massive gate close , wiping they from view . 109 int -- bus -- day ( 1954 ) 109 brook be riding the bus , clutching the seat before he , grip by terror of speed and motion . brooks ( v.o. ) dear fellas . I can not believe how fast thing move on the outside . 110 ext -- STREET -- portland , maine -- day ( 1954 ) 110 brook look like a kid try to cross the street without he parent . people and traffic a blur . brooks ( v.o. ) I see a automobile once when I be young . now they be everywhere . 111 ext -- brewster HOTEL -- day ( 1954 ) 111 brook come trudging up the sidewalk . he glance up as a prop-driven airliner streak in low overhead . brooks ( v.o. ) the world go and get itself in a big damn hurry . he arrive at the brewster . it be not much to look at . 112 int -- brewster HOTEL -- day ( 1954 ) 112 a woman lead brook up the stair toward the top floor . he have trouble climb so many stair . woman no music in you room after eight p.m . no guest after nine . no cooking except on the hotplate ... brooks ( v.o. ) people even talk faster . and louder . 113 int -- brooks ' room -- day ( 1954 ) 113 brook enter . the room be small , old , dingy . heavy wooden beam cross the ceiling . a arched window afford a view of Congress Street . traffic noise drift in . brook set he bag down . he do not quite know what to do . he just stand there , like a man wait for a bus . brooks ( v.o. ) the parole board get I into this halfway house call the brewster , and a job bag grocery at the foodway ... 114 int -- foodway market -- day ( 1954 ) 114 loud. jangle with people and noise . brook be bag grocery . registers be hum , kid be shriek . woman make sure he double - bag . last time you man do not double - bag and the bottom near come out . manager you double - bag like the lady say , understand ? brooks yes sir , double - bag , surely will . brooks ( v.o. ) it 's hard work . I try to keep up , but my hand hurt most of the time . I do not think the store manager like I very much . 115 ext -- park -- day ( 1954 ) 115 brook sit alone on a bench , feed pigeon . brooks ( v.o. ) sometimes after work I go to the park and feed the bird . I keep think Jake might show up and say hello , but he never do . I hope wherever he be , he 's do okay and make new friend . 116 int -- brooks ' room -- night ( 1954 ) 116 Dark . traffic outside . brook wake up . disorient . afraid . somewhere in the night , a loud argument be take place . brooks ( v.o. ) I have trouble sleep at night . the bed be too big . I have bad dream , like I be fall . I wake up scared . sometimes it take I a while to remember where I be . 117 int -- foodway -- day ( 1954 ) 117 brooks ( v.o. ) maybe I should get I a gun and rob the foodway , so they would send I home . I could shoot the manager while I be at it , sort of like a bonus . 118 int -- brooks ' room -- day ( 1954 ) 118 brook be pack he worldly possession into the carry bag . undershirt , sock , etc . brooks ( v.o. ) but I guess I be too old for that sort of nonsense anymore . 119 int -- brooks ' room -- shortly later ( 1954 ) 119 brook be dress in he suit . he finish knotting he tie , put he hat on he head . the letter lie on the desk , stampe3 and ready for mailing . his bag be by the door . brooks ( v.o. ) I do not like it here . I be tired of be afraid all the time . I have decide not to stay . he take one last look around . only one thing leave to do . he step to a wooden chair in the center of the room , pull out 's pocketknife , and glance up at the ceiling beam . he step up onto the chair . it wobble queasily . now face the beam , he carve a message into the wood : " brook hatlen be here . " he smile with a sort of inner peace . brooks ( v.o. ) I doubt they will kick up any fuss . not for a old crook like I . 120 tight on chair 120 his weight shift on the wobbly chair -- and it go out from under he . his foot remain where they be , kick feebly in mid-air . his hat fall to the floor . angle widen . brook have hang himself . he swing gently , face the open window . traffic noise float up from below . 121 ext -- exercise yard -- shawshank -- day ( 1954 ) 121 Andy read the letter to Red and the other : andy p.s. tell heywood I be sorry I put a knife to he throat . no hard feeling . a long silence . Andy fold the letter , put it away . softly : red he should 'a die in here , goddamn it . 122 int -- prison library -- day ( 1954 ) 122 Andy be sorting book on the cart . he replace a stack on the shelf -- and pause , notice a line of ant crawl up the wood . he glance up . the ant disappear over the top . he pull a chair over and stand on it , peer cautiously over . andy Red ! Red step in with a armload of file . Andy gingerly reach in , grab a black feathered wing , and pull out a dead crow . red ( softly ) be that Jake ? 123 int -- wood shop -- day ( 1954 ) 123 Red be make something at he bench , sand and plane . red ( v.o . ) it never would have occur to we , if not for Andy . it be he idea . we all agree it be the right thing to do ... 124 ext -- field -- day ( 1954 ) 124 low hilly terrain all around . a hundre con be at work in the field . guard patrol with carbine , keep a sharp eye . we find Andy , Red , and the boy work with pick and shovel . they glance over to the pickup truck . hadley 's chew the fat with mert and youngblood . a whistle blows . guard Water break ! five minute ! the work stop . con head for the pickup truck , where water be dispense with dipper and pail . Red and the boy look to Andy . Andy nod . now 's the time . the group move off through the confusion , use it as cover . they head up the slope of a nearby hill and quickly decide on a suitable spot . the guard have not notice . jigger and floyd start swinging pick into the soft earth , quickly rip out a hole . Red reach into he jacket and pull out a beautiful wooden box , carefully stain and varnish . he show it around to nod of approval . andy that 's real pretty , Red . Nice work . heywood shovel man in . watch the dirt . 124 continued 124 heywood jump in and start spade out the hole . 125 by the truck 125 youngblood glance up and see the man on the slope . youngblood what the fuck . hadley ( follow he gaze ) hey . ' you men up there . ' get you asse off that slope ! ( work he rifle bolt ) you happy asshole gone deaf ? you got five second ' fore I shoot somebody ! suddenly , other con start break away in group , dozen of they head toward the slope . the guard look around . hadley what be I , talkin ' to myself ? 126 on the slope 126 Andy pull a towel - wrap bundle from he jacket and unfold it . Jake . Andy lay he in the box , follow by Brook 's letter . Red place the casket in the hole . a moment of silence . Andy give Red with a encourage nod . red Lord . brook be a sinner . Jake be just a crow . neither be much to look at . both get institutionalized . see what you can do for them . amen . muttered " amen " all around . the boy shovel dirt onto the small grave and tamp it down . 127 int -- shawshank corridor -- day ( 1955 ) 127 rapid dolly with hadley . he 's stride , piss - off , a man on e mission . he straight -arm a door and emerge onto -- 128 ext -- shawshank prison wall -- day ( 1955 ) 128 -- the wall overlook the exercise yard . he lean on the railing , scan the yard , see Andy chat with Red . hadley dufresne ! what the fuck do you do ? ( Andy look up ) you ass , warden 's office , now ! Andy shoot a worried look at Red , then head off . 129 int -- guard desk / warden' outer office -- day ( 1955 ) 129 dozen of parcel box litter the floor . wiley , the duty guard , pick through they . hadley enter , trail by Andy . andy what be all this ? hadley you tell I , fuck-stick ! they be address to you , every damn one ! wiley thrust a envelope at Andy . Andy just stare at it . wiley well , take it . Andy take the envelope , pull out a letter , read : andy dear Mr. dufresne . in response to you repeat inquiry , the State Senate have allocate the enclose fund for you library project ... " ( stunne , examine check ) this be two hundred dollar . wiley grin . hadley glare at he . the grin vanish . andy in addition , the Library District have generously respond with a charitable donation of use book and sundry . we trust this will fill you need . we now consider the matter close . please stop send we letter . your truly , the State comptroller 's Office . Andy gaze around at the box . the rich of the world lay at he foot . his eye mist with emotion at the sight . hadley I want all this clear out before the warden get back , I shit you not . hadley exit . Andy touch the box like a love-struck man touch a beautiful woman . wiley grin . wiley good for you , Andy . andy only take six year . ( beat ) from now on , I send two letter a week instead of one . wiley ( laugh , shake he head ) I believe you be crazy enough . you better get this stuff downstairs like the Captain say . I be gonna go pinch a loaf . when I get back , this be all go , right ? Andy nod . wiley disappear into the toilet , jughead comix in hand . alone now , Andy start go through the box like a starve man explore package of food . he do not know where to turn first . he get giddy , rip box open and pull out book , touch they , smell they . he rip open another box . this one contain a old phonograph player , industrial gray and green , the word " Portland Public School District " stencile on the side . the box also contain stack and stack of use record album . Andy reverently slip a stack from the box and start flipping through they . use nat King cole , Bing crosbys , etc . he come across a certain album -- mozart 's " Le nozze de figaro . " he pull it from the stack , gaze upon it as a man transfix . it be a thing of beauty . it be the grail . 130 int -- bathroom -- day ( 1955 ) 130 wiley sit in one of the stall , jughead comic on he knee . 131 int -- guard station / outer office -- day ( 1955 ) 131 Andy wrestle the phonograph player onto the guard ' desk , sweeping thing onto the floor in he haste . he plug the machine in . a red light warm up . the platter start spin . he slide the mozart album from its sleeve , lay it on the platter , and lower the tone arm to he favorite cut . the needle hiss in the groove ... and the music begin , lilt and gorgeous . Andy sink into wiley 's chair , overcome by its beauty . it be " deutino : che soave zeffiretto , " a duet sung by susanna and the contessa . 132 int -- bathroom -- day ( 1955 ) 132 wiley pause read , puzzle . he think he hear music . wiley Andy ? you hear that ? 133 int -- guard station / outer office -- day ( 1955 ) 133 Andy shoot a look at the bathroom ... and smile . go for break . he lunge to he foot and barricade the front door , then the bathroom . he return to the desk and position the p.a. microphone . he work up he courage , then flick all the toggle to " on . " a squeal of feedback echoe briefly ... 134 int / ext -- various p.a. speaker -- day ( 1955 ) 134 ... and the mozart be suddenly broadcast all over the prison . 135 int -- bathroom -- day ( 1955 ) 135 wiley lunge to he foot , pants tangling around he ankle . 136 int / ext -- shawshank prison -- various location -- day ( 1955 ) 136 con all over the prison stop whatever they be do , freezing in mid-step to listen , gaze up at the speaker . 137 the stamping machine in the plate shop be shut down ... 137 138 the laundry line goe silent , grinding to a halt ... 138 139 the wood shop machine be turned off , buz to a stop ... 139 140 the motor pool ... the kitchen ... the loading dock ... the exercise 140 through yard ... the numb routine of prison life itself ... all grind through 143 to a stuttering halt . nobody move , nobody speak . everybody 143 just stand in place , listen to the music , hypnotize . 144 int -- guard station -- day ( 1955 ) 144 Andy be recline in the chair , transport , arm fluidly conduct the music . ecstasy and rapture . shawshank no longer exist . it have be banish from the mind of man . 145 ext -- exercise yard -- day ( 1955 ) 145 camera track along group of man , all rivete . red ( v.o. ) I have no idea to this day what they two italian lady be singin ' about . Truth be , I do not want to know . some thing be best leave unsaid . I like to think they be singin ' about something so beautiful it can not be express in word , and make you heart ache because of it . camera bring we to Red . red ( v.o. ) I tell you , that voice soar . Higher and farther than anybody in a gray place dare to dream . it be like some beautiful bird flapped into we drab little cage and make this wall dissolve away ... and for the briefest of moment -- every last man at shawshank feel free . 146 int -- prison corridor -- day ( 1955 ) 146 fast dolly with norton stride up the hallway with hadley . red ( v.o . ) it piss the warden off something terrible . 147 int -- guard station / outer office -- day ( 1955 ) 147 norton and hadley break the door in . Andy look up with a sublime smile . we hear wiley pounding on the bathroom door : wiley ( o.s. ) let I ouuuut ! 148 int -- solitary wing -- day ( 1955 ) 148 low angle slow push in on the massive , rust -streak steel door . God , this be a terrible place to be . red ( v.o. ) Andy get two week in the hole for that little stunt . 149 int -- solitary confinement -- day ( 1955 ) 149 Andy do not seem to mind . his arm sweep to the music still play in he head . we hear a faint echo of the soar duet . 150 int -- mess hall -- day ( 1955 ) 1 50 heywood could not play something ' good , huh ? hank Williams ? andy they break the door down before I could take request . floyd be it worth two week in the hole ? andy easiest time I ever do . heywood shit . no such thing as easy time in the hole . a week seem like a year . andy I have Mr. mozart to keep I company . hardly feel the time at all . red oh , they let you tote that record player down there , huh ? I could 'a swore they confiscate that stuff . andy ( tap he heart , he head ) the music be here ... and here . that 's the one thing they can not confiscate , not ever . that 's the beauty of it . have not you ever feel that way about music , Red ? red play a mean harmonica as a young man . lose my taste for it . do not make much sense on the inside . andy here 's where it make most sense . we need it so we do not forget . red forget ? andy that there be thing in this world not carve out of gray stone . that there 's a small place inside of we they can never lock away , and that place be call hope . red hope be a dangerous thing . drive a man insane . it 's get no place here . better get use to the idea . andy ( softly ) like brook do ? fade to black 151 a iron - barred door 151 slide open with a enormous clang . a stark room beyond . camera push through . seven humorless men sit at a long table . a empty chair face they . we be again in : int -- shawshank hearing room -- day ( 1957 ) Red enter , ten year older than when we first see he at a parole hearing . he remove he cap and sit . man #l it say here you have serve thirty year of a life sentence . man # 2 you feel you have be rehabilitated ? red yes sir , without a doubt . I can say I be a change man . no danger to society , that 's the God 's honest truth . absolutely rehabilitated . closeup -- parole form a big rubber stamp slam down : " rejected . " 152 ext -- prison yard -- dusk ( 1957 ) 152 Red emerge into fade daylight . Andy 's wait for he . red same old , same old . thirty year . Jesus . when you say it like that ... andy you wonder where it go . I wonder where ten year go . Red nod , solemn . they settle in on the bleacher . Andy pull a small box from he sweater , hand it to Red . andy anniversary gift . open it . Red do . Inside the box , on a thin layer of cotton , be a shiny new harmonica , bright aluminum and circus-re . andy have to go through one of you competitor . hope you do not mind . want it to be a surprise . red it 's very pretty , Andy . thank you . andy you gonna play something ? -- Red consider it , shake he head . softly : red not today . 153 int -- cellblock five / andy'' cell -- night ( 1957 ) 153 Men line the tier as the evening count be complete . the convict step into they cell . the master switch be throw and all the door slam shut -- ka - thump ! Andy find a cardboard tube on he bunk . the note read : " a new girl for you 10 year anniversary . from you pal . Red . " 154 int -- andy'' cell -- later ( 1957 ) 154 Marilyn Monroe 's face fill the screen . slow pull back reveal the new poster : the famous shot from " the Seven Year itch , " on the subway grate with skirt billow up . Andy sit gaze at she as light - out commence ... 155 int -- red' cell -- night ( 1957 ) 155 ... and we find Red gaze blankly as darkness take the cellblock . add up the month , week , day ... he regards the harmonica like a man confront with a martian artifact . he consider try it out -- even hold it briefly to he lip , almost embarrassed -- but put it back in its box untest . and there the harmonica will stay ... fade to black 156 we hold in blackness as thumping sound grow louder ... 156 red ( v.o. ) Andy be as good as he word . he keep write to the State Senate . two letter a week instead of one . ... and the blackness disintegrate as a wall tumble before we eye , revealing a work crew with pick and sledgehammer , face obscure outlaw - style with kerchief against the dust . behind they be guard oversee the work . Andy yank he kerchief down , grin in exhilaration . Red and the other follow suit . they step through the hole in the wall , explore what use to be a seal - off storage room . red ( v.o. ) in 1959 , the folk up augusta way finally clue in to the fact they could not buy he off with just a 200 dollar check . Appropriations Committee vote a annual payment of 500 dollar , just to shut he up . 157 int -- prison library -- day ( 1960 ) 157 tracking the construction . wall have be knock down . Men be painting , plaster , hammer . lot of shelf go up . Red be head carpenter . we find he discuss plan with Andy . red ( v.o. ) that check come once a year like clockwork . 158 int -- prison library -- day ( 1960 ) 158 Red and the boy be open box , pull out book . red ( v.o. ) you would be amaze how far Andy could stretch it . he make deal with book club , charity group ... he buy remainder book by the pound ... heywood treasure Island . Robert Louis ... andy ( jotting ) ... stevenson . next ? red I get here a auto repair manual , and a book on soap carve . andy Trade skill and hobby , that go under educational . stack right behind you . heywood the Count of monte crisco ... floyd cristo , you dumbshit . heywood ...by alexandree dumb-ass . andy Dumas . you boy will like that one . it 's about a prison break . floyd try to take the book . heywood yank it back . I see it first . Red shoot Andy a look . red maybe that should go under educational too . 159 int -- wood shop -- day ( 1961 ) 159 Red be make a sign , carefully rout letter into a long plank of wood . it turn out to be -- 160 int -- prison library -- day ( 1963 ) 160 -- the varnish wood sign over the archway : " brook hatlen Memorial Library . " tilt down to reveal the library in all its complete glory : shelf line with book , table and chair , even a few pot plant . heywood be wear headphone , listen to hank Williams on the record player . red ( v.o. ) by the year Kennedy be shot , Andy have transformed a broom closet smell of turpentine into the best prison library in New England . 161 ext -- shawshank prison -- day ( 1963 ) 161 flashbulb pop as norton address member of the PRESS : red ( v.o. ) that be also the year warden norton institute he famous " Inside - out " program . you may remember read about it . it make all the papers and get he picture in life magazine . norton ... a genuine , progressive advance in correction and rehabilitation . we inmate , properly supervise , will be put to work outside this wall perform all manner of public service . cut pulpwood , repair bridge and causeway , digging storm drain ... angle to Red and the boy listen from behind the fence . norton this man can learn the value of a honest day 's labor while provide a valuable service to the community -- and at a bare minimum of expense to Mr. and Mrs. John q. taxpayer ! heywood sound like road - gangin ' , you ask I . red nobody ask you . 162 ext -- highway construction site -- day ( 1963 ) 162 a road - gang be grade a culvert with pick . there 's dust and the smell of sweat in the air . guard patrol with sniper rifle , a pushy woman reporter in a ugly hat bustles up the grade , trail by a photographer . woman reporter you there ! you man ! we be gonna take you picture now ! heywood give we a break , lady . woman reporter do not you know who I be ? I be from life magazine ! I be tell I would get some co-operation out here ! you want I to report you to you warden ? be that what you want ? heywood ( sigh ) no , mar 'am . woman reporter that 's more like it ! now I want you all in a row with big bright smile on you face ! grab hold of you tool and show them to I ! she turn , motion she photographer up the grade . heywood glance around at the other man . heywood you hear the lady . heywood unzip he pants , reach inside . the other do likewise . the woman turn back and be greet by the sight of a dozen man display they penise and smile brightly . her leg go wobbly and she sit heavily down on the dirt grade . heywood c'mon ! we be showin ' we tool and grinnin ' like fool ! take the damn picture ! 163 int -- solitary confinzment -- night ( 1963 ) 163 heywood sit alone in the dark . he sigh . red ( v.o. ) none of the inmate be invite to express they view ... 164 ext -- wooded field -- day ( 1965 ) 164 a road - gang be pull stump , bog down in mud . red ( v.o. ) ' course , norton fail to mention to the press that " bare minimum of expense " be a fairly loose term . there be a hundred different way to skim off the top . Men , material , you name it . and , oh my Lord , how the money roll in ... norton stroll into view with ned grime at he heel . ned this keep up , you be gonna put I out of business ! with this pool of slave labor you get , you can underbid any contractor in town . norton ned , we be provide a valuable community service . ned that 's fine for the papers , but I get a family to feed . the State do not pay my salary . Sam , we go back a long way . I need this new highway contract . I do not get it , I go under . that 's a fact . ( hand he a box ) now you just have some 'a this fine pie my missus baked specially for you , and you think about that . norton open the box . alongside the pie be a envelope . he run he thumb across the thick stack of cash it contain . in the background , a winch cable snap and whip through the air , damn near sever a man 's leg . he go down , scream in mud and blood , pin by a fall tree stump . Men rush over to help he . norton barely take notice . norton ned , I would not worry too much over this contract . seem to I I have already get my boy commit elsewhere . you be sure and thank maisie for this fine pie . 165 int -- norton's office -- night ( 1965 ) 165 angle on maisie 's pie . several piece go . red ( v.o. ) and behind every shady deal , behind every dollar earn ... tilt up to Andy at the desk , munch thoughtfully as he total up figure on a add machine . red ( v.o. ) ... there be Andy , keep the book . Andy finish prepare two bank deposit . norton hover near the desk , keep a watchful eye . andy two deposit , casco Bank and New England first . night drop , like always . norton pocket the envelope . Andy cross to the wall safe and shove the ledger and sundry file inside . norton lock the safe , swing he wife 's frame sampler back into place . he cock he thumb at some laundry and two suit in the corner . norton get my stuff down t'laundry . two suit for dry-clean and a bag of whatnot . tell them if they over - starch my shirt again , they be gonna hear about it from I . ( adjust he tie ) how do I look ? andy very nice . norton Big charity to - do up Portland way . Governor 's gonna be there . ( indicate pie ) want the rest of that ? woman can not bake worth shit . 166 int -- prison corridor -- night ( 1965 ) 166 Andy trudge down the corridor with norton 's laundry , the pie box under he arm . 167 int -- library -- day ( 1965 ) 167 tilt up from pie to find Red munch away as he help Andy sort book on the shelf . red get he finger in a lot of pie , from what I hear . andy what you hear be not half of it . he 's get scam you have not dream of . kickback on he kickback . there 's a river of dirty money flow through this place . red money like that can be a problem . sooner or later you gotta explain where it come from . andy that 's where I come in . I channel it , funnel it , filter it ... stock , security , tax free municipal ... I send that money out into the big world . and when it come back ... red it 's clean as a virgin 's whistle ? andy cleaner . by the time norton retire , I will have make he a millionaire . red Jesus . they ever catch on , he 's gonna wind up wear a number himself . andy ( smile ) I think you have more faith in I than that . red I be sure you be good , but all that paper leave a trail . anybody get too curious -- FBI , IRS , whatever -- that trail 's gonna lead to somebody . andy sure it will . but not to I , and certainly not to the warden . red who then ? andy Peter Stevens . red who ? andy the silent , silent partner . he 's the guilty one , you honor . the man with the bank account . that 's where the filter process start . they trace it back , all they be gonna find be he . red yeah , okay , but who the hell be he ? andy a phantom . a apparition . second cousin to harvey the rabbit . ( off Red 's look ) I conjure he out of thin air . he do not exist ... except on paper . red you can not just make a person up . andy sure you can , if you know how the system work , and where the crack be . it 's amazing what you can accomplish by mail . Mr. Stevens have a birth certificate , social security card , driver 's license . they ever track that account , they will wind up chase a figment of my imagination . red Jesus . do I say you be good ? you be rembrandt . andy it 's funny . on the outside , I be a honest man . straight as a arrow . I have to come to prison to be a crook . 168 ext -- prison yard -- dusk ( 1965 ) red do it ever bother you ? andy I do not run the scam , Red , I just process the profit . that 's a fine line , maybe . but I have also build that library , and use it to help a dozen guy get they high school diploma . why do you think the warden let I do all that ? red to keep you happy and do the laundry . money instead of sheet . andy I work cheap . that 's the trade - off . two siren blast draw they attention to the main gate . it swing open , revealing a prison bus wait outside . 169 int -- prison bus -- dusk ( 1965 ) 169 among that on board be tommy william , a damn good - look kid in he mid - 20' . the bus rumble through the gate . 170 ext -- prison yard -- dusk ( 1965 ) 170 the new fish disembark , chain together single - file . the old - timer holler and shake the fence . a deafen gauntlet . 171 int -- cellblock EIGHT -- night ( 1965 ) 171 Tommy and the other be march in naked and shiver , cover with delouse powder , greet by taunt and jeer . 172 int -- tommy' cell -- night ( 1965 ) 172 the bar slam with a steel clang . Tommy and he new cellmate take in they new surroundings . tommy well . ai not this for shit ? 173 int -- prison corridor -- day ( 1965 ) 173 dollying Tommy as he strut along , comb he ducktail , cigarette behind he ear . ( we definitely need the coaster or Del Viking on the soundtrack here . maybe Jerry Lee Lewis . ) red ( v.o. ) Tommy Williams come to shawshank in 1965 on a two year stretch for b&amp ; E . cop catch he sneakin' tv set out the back door of a jc penney . 174 int -- wood shop -- day ( 1965 ) 174 a shrieking buzzsaw slice ten- foot length of wood . Red run the machine while some other old - timer feed the wood . red ( v.o. ) Young punk , Mr. rock and Roll , cocky as hell ... Tommy be haul the cut wood off the conveyor and stack it , it 's a ball - busting job , but the kid 's a blur . tommy ( slapping he glove ) c'mon there , old boy ! movin ' like molass ! makin ' I look bad ! the old guy just grin and shake they head . red ( v.o. ) we like he immediately . 175 int -- mess hall -- day ( 1965 ) 175 Tommy regales the old boy with he exploit : tommy ... so I be backin ' out the door , right ? have the tv like this ... ( mime he grip ) Big ol ' thing . could not see shit . suddenly , here 's this voice : freeze kid ! hand in the air ! well I just stand there holdin ' on to that tv , so the voice say : " you hear what I say , boy ? " and I say , yes sir , I sure do ! but if I drop this fuckin ' thing , you get I on destruction of property too ! the whole table fall about laugh . 176 int -- library -- day ( 1965 ) 176 poker game in progress . Tommy , Andy , Red and the boy . heywood you do a stretch in cashman too ? tommy yeah . that be a easy ride , let I tell you . work program , weekend furlough . not like here . snooze sound like you do time all over New England . tomny be in and out since I be 13 . name the place , chance be I be there . andy perhaps it 's time you consider a new profession . ( the game stall ) what I mean be , you do not seem to be a very good thief . maybe you should try something else . tommy what the hell you know about it , capone ? what be you in for ? andy ( wry glance to Red ) everyone 's innocent in here . do not you know that ? the tension break . everyone laugh . 177 int -- visitor be room -- day ( 1965 ) 177 camera travel the room . chaotic . con be wait they turn or talk to visitor through a thick plexi shield . red ( v.o. ) as it turn out , Tommy have himself a young wife and new baby girl ... Tommy 's at the end of the row , phone to he ear . other side of the glass be beth , near tear , fussing with a baby on she lap . beth ... say we can stay with they , but joey 's gettin ' out of the service next month , and they barely get enough room as it be . plus they get poppa workin ' double shift and the baby cry half the night . I just do not know where we be gonna go ... push in on Tommy 's face as he listen . red ( v.o. ) maybe it be the think of they on the street ... or he child grow up not know she daddy ... 178 int -- library -- day ( 1965 ) 178 Tommy enter , the strut go from he step . a little scared . he find Andy filing library card . red ( v.o. ) whatever it be , something light a fire under that boy 's ass . tommy I be thinkin ' maybe I should try for high school equivalency . hear you help some fella with that . andy I do not waste time on loser , Tommy . tomny ( tight ) I be not no goddamn loser . andy that 's a good start . if we do this , we do it all the way . one hundred percent . nothing half - ass . Tommy think about it , nod . tommy thing be , see ... ( lean in , mutter ) ... I do not read all that good . andy ( smile ) well . you have come to the right place then . 179 int -- library -- day ( 1965 ) 179 we find Andy give a impassion read : andy ... and the lamplight o'er he stream throw he shadow on the floor ... and my soul from out that shadow that lie float on the floor , shall be lift nevermore ! " Andy slap the book shut , immensely pleased with himself . tommy so this raven just sit there and will not go away ? andy that 's right . tommy ( beat ) why do not that fella get hisself a 12 - gauge and dust the fucker ? 180 int -- library -- day ( 1965 ) 180 Tommy try to read as Andy look on : tommy the cat sh -- the cat shh ... ( glance up ) the cat shat on the welcome mat ? Andy shake he head . not exactly . 181 int -- library -- day ( 1965 ) 181 Andy chalk the alphabet on a blackboard . red ( v.o. ) so Andy take Tommy under he wing . start walk he through he abc ... 182 int -- mess hall -- day ( 1965 ) 182 track the table to Tommy and Andy . discuss a book . red ( v.o. ) Tommy take to it pretty well , too . Boy find brain he never know he have . 183 ext -- exercise yard bleacher -- day ( 1965 ) 183 tomny the cat sh-- shh -- shimmy up the tree and creep st --stel -- stealthily out on the limb ... 184 int -- wood shop -- day ( 1965 ) 184 Tommy intent on a paperback , mouth the word . behind he , wood be pile up on the conveyor belt . red ( v.o. ) after a while , you could not pry that book out of hand . red ass in gear , son ! you be put we behind ! Tommy shove the book in he back pocket and hurry over . 185 int -- library -- day ( 1965 ) 185 Tommy write a sentence on the blackboard . Andy step in , show he how to reconstruct it . red ( v.o. ) before long , Andy start he on he course requirement . he really like the kid , that be part of it . gave he a thrill to help a youngster crawl off the shitheap . but that be not the only reason ... 186 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1966 ) 186 tight angle on chessboard . most of the piece complete . pan to Andy lie in he bunk , carefully polish ... red ( v.o. ) prison time be slow time . sometimes it feel like stop-time . so you do what you can to keep go ... ... and we keep go past Andy in a slow pan of the cell . sink. toilet . book . outside the window bar , we hear another train pass in the night ... red ( v.o. ) some fella collect stamp . other build matchstick house . Andy build a library . now he need a new project . Tommy be it . it be the same reason he spend year shaping and polish that rock . the same reason he hang he fantasy girly on the wall ... ... still panning , past a chair , a sweater on a hook ... and finally to the place of honor on the wall ... red ( v.o. ) in prison , a man'll do most anything to keep he mind occupy . ... where the latest poster turn out to be racquel Welch in fur bikini . gorgeous . " one million year , B. c. " slow push in , red ( v.o. ) by 1966 ... right about the time Tommy be get ready to take he exam ... it be lovely racquel . 187 int -- library -- day ( 1966 ) 187 Tommy 's take the big test . Andy 's monitoring the time . deep silence , save for Tommy 's pencil-scribbling . a few old - timer be browsing the shelf , sneaking look they way . Tommy try to ignore they . concentrate . Andy clear he throat . time 's up . Tommy put he pencil down , andy well ? tommy well . it 's for shit . ( get up in disgust ) wasted a whole fuckin ' year of my time with this bullshit ! andy May not be as bad as you think . tommy it 's worse ! I do not get a fuckin' thing right ! might as well be in chinese ! andy we will see how the score come out . tommy I will tell you how the goddamn score come out ... Tommy grab the test , wad it , slam - dunk it into the trash . tommy two point ! right there ! there 's you goddamn score ! ( storm out ) goddamn cat crawlin ' up tree , 5 time 5 be 25 , fuck this place , fuck it ! Tommy be go . Red and other stare . Andy get up , pull the test from the trash , smoothes it out on the desk . 188 int -- wood shop -- day ( 1966 ) 188 Rest break . Tommy and Red sip coke . tommy I feel bad . I let he down . red that 's crap , son . he 's proud of you . proud as a hen . ( off Tommy 's look ) we be friend a long time . I know he as good as anybody . tommy smart fella , be not he ? red smart as they come . use to be a banker on the outside . tommy what 's he in for anyway ? red murder . tommy the hell you say . red you would not think , lookin ' at he . caught he wife in bed with some golf pro . grease them both . c'mon , boy , back to work ... smash ! Red turn back . Tommy 's Coke have slip from he hand and shattered on the floor . the kid 's go white as a sheet . tommy ( bare whisper ) oh my God ... 189 int -- library -- day ( 1966 ) 189 Tommy sit before Andy and Red : tommy ' Bout four year ago , I be in thomaston on a 2 to 3 stretch . stole a car . dumbfuck thing to do . ( beat ) few month leave to go , I get a new cellmate in . elmo blatch . Big twitchy fucker . crazy eye . kind of roomie you pray you do not get , know what I be sayin ' ? 6 to 12 for armed burglary . Said he do hundred of job . hard to believe , high -strung as he be . cut a loud fart , he would go three foot in the air . talk all the time , too , that 's the other thing . never shut up . place he would be , job he pull , woman he fuck . even people he kill . people that give he shit , that 's how he put it . one night , like a joke , I say : " yeah ? who would you kill ? " so he say ... blatch ... I get I this job one time bussin ' table at a country club . so I could case all the big rich prick that come in . I pick out this guy , go in one night and do he place . he wake up and give I shit . so I kill he . him and the tasty bitch he be with . ( start laugh ) that 's the best part ! she 's fuckin ' this prick , see , this golf pro , but she 's marry to some other guy ! some hotshot banker . he 's the one they pin it on ! they get he down - Maine somewhere doin ' time for the crime ! ai not that choice ? he throw he head back and roar with laughter . 191 int -- prison library -- day ( 1966 ) 191 silence . Tommy have finish he story . Red be stunne ... but Andy look like he 's be smack with a two by four . red Andy ? Andy say nothing . walk stiffly away . do not look back . 192 int -- norton's office -- day ( 1966 ) 192 norton well . I have to say , that 's the most amazing story I ever hear . what amaze I most be you be take in by it . andy Sir ? norton it 's obvious this fellow Williams be impressed with you . he hear you tale of woe and quite naturally want to cheer you up . he 's young , not terribly bright . not surprising he do not know what a state he would put you in . andy I think he 's tell the truth . norton let 's say for a moment blatch do exist . you think he would just fall to he knee and cry , " yes , I do it ! I confess ! by all mean , please add a life term to my sentence ! " andy it would not matter . with Tommy 's testimony , I can get a new trial . norton that 's assume blatch be even still there . chance be excellent he would be release by now . excellent . andy they would have he last know address . name of relative ... ( norton shake he head ) well it 's a chance . be not it ? how can you be so obtuse ? norton what ? what do you call I ? andy obtuse ! be it deliberate ? the country club will have he old time card ! w- 2s with he name on they ! norton ( rise ) dufresne , if you want to indulge this fantasy , that 's you business . do not make it mine . this meeting 's over . andy look , if it 's the squeeze , do not worry . I would never say what go on in here . I would be just as indictable as you for launder the money ! norton do not you ever mention money to I again , you sorry son of a bitch ! not in this office , not anywhere ! ( slap intercom ) get in here ! now ! andy I be just try to rest you mind at ease , that 's all . norton ( as guard enter ) solitary ! a month ! Andy get drag away , kick and scream : andy what 's the matter with you ? it 's my chance to get out , do not you see that ? it 's my life ! do not you understand it 's my life ? 193 ext -- prison yard -- day ( 1966 ) 193 mail call . Men crowd around as name be call out . Red and the boy be park on the bleacher . floyd a month in the hole . longest damn stretch I ever hear of . tommy it 's my fault . red like hell . you do not pull the trigger , and you do not convict he . heywood Red ? you say Andy 's innocent ? I mean for real innocent ? ( Red nod ) sweet Jesus . how long 's he be in here ? red since ' 47 . go on nineteen year . mail caller Thomas Williams ! Tommy raise he hand . the envelope get toss to he . he stare at it . Red peer over he shoulder . red board of Education . tommy the son of a bitch mail it . red look that way . you gonna open it or stick you thumb up you butt ? tommy thumb up my butt sound better . he get hemmed in by the older man . Red snatch the letter . tommy c'mon , just throw it away . will you please ? just throw it away ? Red rip it open , scan the letter . expressionless . red well , shit . 194 int -- visitor be room -- day ( 1966 ) 194 Tommy make he way through the chaos , find Beth and the baby wait behind the thick plexi shield . he sit , do not pick up the phone . just stare at Beth . she do not know what to make of it . he press a piece of paper against the glass . a high school diploma . her face light up , blink back tear . 195 int -- solitary wing -- night ( 1966 ) 195 low angle on steel door . somewhere behind it , unseen , be Andy , a rat scurries along the wall . footstep approach slowly . 196 int -- solitary -- night ( 1966 ) 196 Andy listen in darkness . the footstep pause outside he door . the slot open . a elderly guard peer in . elderly guard kid pass . c- plus average . think you would like to know . the slot close . the footstep recede . Andy smile . 197 int -- prison corridor -- night ( 1966 ) 197 we find Tommy on evening work detail , mop the floor with bucket and pail . mert entwhistle come into view . mert warden want to talk . 198 ext -- prison -- night ( 1966 ) 198 a steel door rattles open . mert lead Tommy outside to a gate , unlock it . Tommy look around . tommy out here ? mert that 's what the man say . mert swing the gate open , send Tommy through , turn and head back inside . Tommy proceed out across a load - dock access for the shop and mill . some vehicle park . the place be desert . he stop , sense a presence . tommy warden ? norton step into the light . norton Tommy , we have get a situation here . I think you can appreciate that . tommy yes sir , I sure can . norton I tell you , son , this really come along and knock my wind out . it 's get I up night , that 's the truth . norton pull a pack of cigarettes , offer Tommy a smoke . Tommy take one . norton light both cigarettes , pocket he lighter . norton the right decision . sometimes it 's hard to figure out what that be . you understand ? ( Tommy nod ) think hard , Tommy . if I be gonna move on this , there can not be the least little shred of doubt . I have to know if you what you tell dufresne be the truth . tommy yes sir . absolutely . norton would you be willing to swear before a judge and jury ... have place you hand on the good Book and take a oath before almighty God himself ? tommy just gimme that chance . norton that 's what I think . norton drop he cigarette . crushes it out with the toe of he shoe . glance up toward the plate shop roof as -- 199 high angle from plate shop roof ( sniper Pov ) 199 -- a rifle scope pop up into frame , jump Tommy 's image into startling magnification , frame in the crosshair . 200 the sniper 200 rapid-fire a carbine -- blam ! blam!blam!blam ! -- he face light up by the muzzle flash . Captain hadley . 201 tommy 201 get chew to piece by the gunfire . he smack the ground in a twitching , thrashing heap . eye wide and stare . Dead . surprise still stamp on he face . silence now . norton turn , stroll into darkness . 202 int -- solitary wing -- day ( 1966 ) 202 guard approach Andy 's cell . the door be unlock . Andy emerge slowly , blink painfully at the light . 203 int / ext -- prison -- day ( 1966 ) 203 Andy be march along . convict stop to stare . 204 int -- norton's office -- day ( 1966 ) 204 Andy be lead in . the door be close . alone with norton . softly , norton terrible thing . man that young , less than a year to go , try to escape . break Captain hadley 's heart to shoot he , truly it do . andy I be do . it stop right now . get h&amp ; R block to declare you income . norton lunge to he foot , eye sparkling with rage . norton nothing stop ! nothing ! ( tight ) or you will do the hardest time there be . no more protection from the guard . I will pull you out of that one- bunk Hilton and put you in ( more ) - norton ( cont. ) with the biggest bull queer I can find . you will think you get fuck by a train ! and the library ? go ! seal off brick by brick ! we will have we a little book - barbecue in the yard ! they will see the flame for mile ! we will dance around it like wild Indians ! do you understand I ? be you catch my drift ? slow push in on Andy 's face . eye hollow . his beat expression say it all ... 205 ext -- prison yard -- day ( 1966 ) 205 Red find Andy sit in the shadow of the high stone wall , poke listlessly through the dust for small pebble . Red wait for some acknowledgment . Andy do not even look up . Red hunker down and join he . nothing be say for the longest time . and then , softly : andy my wife use to say I be a hard man to know . like a close book . complain about it all the time . ( pause ) she be beautiful . I love she . but I guess I could not show it enough . ( softly ) I kill she , Red . Andy finally glance to Red , seek a reaction . silence . andy I do not pull the trigger . but I drive she away . that 's why she die . because of I , the way I be . red that do not make you a murderer . bad husband , maybe . Andy smile faintly in spite of himself . Red give he shoulder a squeeze . red feel bad about it if you want . but you do not pull the trigger . andy no. I do not . someone else do , and I wound up here . bad luck , I guess . red bad luck ? Jesus . andy it float around . have to land on somebody . say a storm come through . some folk sit in they live room and enjoy the rain . the house next door get tear out of the ground and smashed flat . it be my turn , that 's all . I be in the path of the tornado . ( softly ) I just have no idea the storm would go on as long as it have . ( glance to he ) think you will ever get out of here ? red sure . when I get a long white beard and about three marble leave roll around upstairs . andy tell you where I would go . Zihuatanejo . red Zihuatanejo ? andy Mexico . Little place right on the Pacific . you know what the mexican say about the Pacific ? they say it have no memory . that 's where I would like to finish out my life , Red . a warm place with no memory . open a little hotel right on the beach . buy some worthless old boat and fix it up like new . take my guest out charter fishing . ( beat ) you know , a place like that , I would need a man who can get thing . Red stare at Andy , laugh . red Jesus , Andy . I could not hack it on the outside . be in here too long . I be a institutional man now . like old brook hatlen be . andy you underestimate yourself . - red bullshit . in here I be the guy who can get it for you . out there , all you need be yellow page . I would not know where to begin. ( derisive snort ) Pacific Ocean ? Hell . like to scare I to death , something ' that big . andy not I . I do not shoot my wife and I do not shoot she lover , and whatever mistake I make I have pay for and then some . that hotel and that boat ... I do not think it 's too much to want . to look at the star just after sunset . touch the sand . Wade in the water . feel free . red goddamn it , Andy , stop ! do not do that to yourself ! talk shitty pipedream ! Mexico 's down there , and you be in here , and that 's the way it be ! andy you be right . it 's down there , and I be in here . I guess it come down to a simple choice , really . get busy live or get busy die . Red snap a look . what the hell do that mean ? Andy rise and walk away . Red lunge to he foot . red Andy ? andy ( turn back ) Red , if you ever get out of here , do I a favor . there 's this big hayfield up near Buxton . you know where Buxton be ? red ( nod ) lot of hayfield there . andy one in particular . get a long rock wall with a big oak at the north end . like something out of a Robert frost poem . it 's where I ask my ( more ) andy ( cont. ) wife to marry I . we would go for a picnic . we make love under that tree . I ask and she say yes . ( beat ) promise I , Red . if you ever get out , find that spot . in the base of that wall you will find a rock that have no earthly business in a Maine hayfield . a piece of black volcanic glass . you will find something bury under it I want you to have . red what ? what 's bury there ? andy you will just have to pry up that rock and see . Andy turn and walk away . 206 int -- mess hall -- day ( 1966 ) red I tell you , the man be talkin ' crazy . I be worried , I truly be . skeet we ought to keep a eye on he . jigger that 's fine , during the day . but at night he 's get that cell all to himself . heywood oh Lord . Andy come down to the load dock today . ask I for a length of rope . six foot long . snooze shit ! you give it to he ? heywood sure I do . I mean why would not I ? floyd Christ ! remember brook hatlen ? heywood how the hell be I s'pose to know ? jigger Andy would never do that . never . they all look to Red . red every man 's get a break point . 207 ext -- prison yard -- angle on p.a. -- dusk ( 1966 ) 207 voice ( over p.a. ) report to you cellblock for evening count . boom down to Red and the boy . convict drift past they . floyd where the hell be he ? heywood probably still up in the warden 's . tower guard ( via bullhorn ) you men ! you hear that announcement or zust too stupid to understand ? skeet Christ . what do we do ? floyd nothing we can do . not tonight . heywood let 's pull he aside tomorrow , all of we . have a word with he . ai not that right , Red ? red ( unconvince ) yeah . sure . that 's right . 20b int -- norton's office -- night ( 1966 ) 208 Andy 's work away . norton poke he head in . norton lickety -split . I wanna get home . andy just about do , sir . we follow norton to he wife 's sampler . he swing it aside , work the combination dial , open the wall safe . Andy move up , shove in the black ledger and file . norton shut the safe . andy Three deposit tonight . Andy hand he the envelope . norton head for the door . norton get my stuff down t'laundry . and shine my shoe . I want them lookin ' like mirror . ( pause at door ) Nice havin ' you back , Andy . place just be not the same without you . norton exit . Andy turn to the laundry . he open the shoebox . Nice pair of dress shoe inside . he sigh , glance down at the old rag pair of work shoe on he own foot . 209 int -- norton's office -- night ( 1966 ) 209 Andy be diligently shine norton 's shoe . 210 int -- prison corridor -- night ( 1966 ) 210 Andy trudge down the hallway , laundry sling over he shoulder , 211 int -- cellblock five -- night ( 1966 ) 211 Andy nod to the guard . the guard buzy he through . 212 int -- red' cell -- night ( 1966 ) 212 Red hear Andy come , move to the bar . he watch Andy come up to the second tier and pause before he cell . guard ( o.s. ) open number twelve ! Andy gaze directly at Red . a beat of eye contact . Red shake he head . do not do it . Andy smile , eerily calm ... and enter he cell . the door close . ka - thump ! we hold on Red 's face . 213 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1966 ) 213 Andy be polish a chess piece . voice ( o.s. ) light out ! the light bump off . he finish polish , hold up the piece to admire . a pawn . he set it down with the other -- and we realize it 's the final glance for the board . a full set . he gaze up at racquel and smile . pull a six foot length of rope from under he pillow . let it uncoil to the floor . 214 int -- red' cell -- night ( 1966 ) 214 Red sit in the dark , a bundle of nerve , try to hold himself still . he feel like he might scream or shake to piece . the second tick by , each a eternity . red ( v.o. ) I have have some long night in stir . alone in the dark with nothing but you thought , time can draw out like a blade ... a flash of lightning outside he window send harsh bar shadow jittering across the cell . a storm break . red ( v.o. ) that be the longest night of my life ... 215 int -- cellblock five -- morning ( 1966 ) 215 ka-thump ! the master lock be throw . the con emerge from they cell and the headcount begin . Red look back to see if Andy 's in line . he 's not . suddenly the count stall : guard man miss on tier two ! cell 12 ! the head bull , haig , check he list : haig dufresne ? get you ass out here , boy ! you be hold up the show ! ( no answer ) do not make I come down there now ! I will thump you skull for you ! still no answer . glaring , haig stalk down the tier , clipboard in hand . his man fall in behind . haig dufresne , dammit , you be put I behind ! you better be sick or dead in there , I shit you not ! they arrive at bar . they face go slack . stun . softly : haig oh my Holy God . 216 reverse angle 216 reveal the cell be empty . everything neat and tidy . even the bunk be stow . they wrench the door open and rush in , toss the cell in a panic as if Andy might be lurking under the kleenex or the toothpaste . camera rocket in on haig as he spin toward we , bellow at the top of he lung : haig what the fuck ! 217 int -- norton's office -- morning ( 1966 ) 217 norton be kick back with the morning paper . he notice ha dingy he shoe be . he glance at the shoebox on the desk . kick he shoe off , open the box -- and gull out Andy 's of grimy work shoe . he stare blankly . what the fuck indeed . a alarm start blaring throughout the prison . he look up . 218 ext -- prison -- day ( 1966 ) 218 norton and hadley stride across the grounds , alarm blaring . norton I want every man on that cellblock question ! start with that friend of he ! hadley who ? 219 int -- cellblock five -- red' cell -- day ( 1966 ) 219 Red watch as norton storm up with a entourage of guard . norton him . Red 's eye widen . Guards yank he from he cell . 220 int -- andy'' cell -- day ( 1966 ) 220 norton step to the center of the room , work himself up into a fine rage : norton what do you mean " he just be not here ? " do not say that to I , haig ! do not say that to I again ! haig but sir ! he be not ! he be not ! norton I can see that , haig ! you think I be blind ? be that what you be say ? be I blind , haig ? haig no sir ! norton grab the clipboard and thrust it at hadley . norton what about you ? you blind ? tell I what this be ! hadley last night 's count . norton you see dufresne 's name ? I sure do ! right there , see ? " dufresne . " he be in he cell at light out ! stands to reason he would still be here this morning ! I want he find ! not tomorrow , not after breakfast ! now ! haig scurries out , gather man . norton spin to Red . norton well ? red well what ? norton I see you two all the time , you be thick as thief , you be ! he must 'a say something ! red no sir , he do not ! norton spread he arm evangelist - style , spin slowly around . norton Lord ! it 's a miracle ! man up and vanish like a fart in the wind ! nothin ' leave but some damn rock on the windowsill and that cupcake on the wall ! let 's ask she ! maybe she know ! what say there , fuzzy - britches ? feel like talk ? guess not . why should you be different ? Red exchange look with the guard . even they be nervous . norton scoops a handful rock off the sill . he hurl they at the wall one at a time , shatter they , punctuate he word : norton it 's a conspiracy ! ( smash ) that 's what this be ! ( smash ) it 's one big damn conspiracy ! ( smash ) and everyone 's in on it ! ( smash ) include she ! he send the last rock whizzing right at racquel . no smash . it take a moment for this to sink in . all eye go to she . the rock go through she . there 's a small hole in the poster where she navel use to be . you could hear a pin drop . norton reach up , sink he finger into the hole . he keep push ... and he entire hand disappear into the wall . 221 angle from behind poster 221 as norton rip the poster from before we eye . stun face peer in . camera pull slowly back ...to reveal the long crumble tunnel in the wall . 222 int -- andy'' cell -- minute later ( 1966 ) 222 rory tremont , a guard barely out of he teens , try not to look nervous as they lash a rope around he chest . he 's get instruction from six different people at once . red ( v.o. ) they get this skinny kid name rory tremont to go in the hole . he be not much in the brain department , but he possess the one most important qualification for the job ... ( they slap a flashlight in he hand ) ...he be willing to go . 223 int -- tunnel -- day ( 1966 ) 223 rory squeeze down the tunnel on he belly . red ( v.o. ) probably think he would win a bronze Star or something . 224 int -- vertical shaft -- day ( 1966 ) 224 Dark as midnight . concrete wall rise on both side . if you imagine they as two huge slice of bread , the meat of this particular sandwich be about three foot of airspace and a dark tangle of pipe between the cellblock . rory 's appear , shine he flashlight down the shaft . somewhere , a rat squeak . red ( v.o . ) it be he third day on the job . rory warden ? there 's a space here between the wall ' bout three foot across ! smell pretty damn bad ! norton ( o.s. ) I do not care what it smell like ! hadley ( o.s. ) go on , boy ! we get a hold of you ! look none too happy about it , rory squeeze from the tunnel and dangle into the shaft . he get lower , shine he light , smother by darkness . not have a good time . rory hoo -whee ! smell 's gettin ' worse ! norton ( o.s. ) never mind , I say ! just keep go ! rory smell pretty damn bad , warden ! in fact , it smell just like shit . his foot touch the ground -- or what he assume be the ground . it 's not . in fact , it 's just what it smell like . he sink in past he ankle . he slip and sit heavily in it . rory oh God , that 's what it be , it 's shit . oh my God it 's shit . pull I out ' fore I blow my grocery , oh shit it 's shit , oh my gawwwwwwd ! 225 int -- andy'' cell -- day ( 1966 ) 225 Red and other listen to violent barfing from below . red ( v.o. ) and then come the unmistakable sound of rory tremont lose he last few meal . the whole cellblock hear it . I mean , it echoed . that 's it for Red . he start laugh . laugh , hell , he 's bellow laughter , laugh so hard he have to hold himself , laugh so hard tear be pour down he cheek . the look of rage on norton 's face make he laugh all the harder . 226 int -- solitary wing -- night ( 1966 ) 226 abrupt silence . low angle on steel door . red ( v.o. ) I laugh myself right into solitary . two week stretch . 227 int -- solitary -- night ( 1966 ) 227 red it 's shit , it 's shit , oh my God it 's shit ... he start laugh all over again , fit to split . red ( v.o. ) Andy once talk about do easy time in the hole . now I know what he mean . 228 ext -- shawshank prison -- wide shot -- day ( 1966 ) 228 virgin landscape . charm rural road . suddenly , State Police cruiser rocket up the road with siren and light . red ( v.o. ) in 1966 , Andy dufresne escape from shawshank prison . 229 ext -- field -- day ( 1966 ) 229 shawshank be half a mile distant . we track along a muddy creel as state troopers and prison guard scour the brush . a troopee fish a prison uniform out of the creek with a long stick . red ( v.o. ) all they find of he be a muddy set of prison clothes , a bar of soap , and a old rock - hammer damn near wear down to the nub . trooper g2 pull the rock -hammer from the weed . swish pan to a police photographer . his flashbulb glare produce : 230 a black and white still photo 230 of the hapless cop pose with Andy 's reek uniform and the wear rock -hammer . push in on the hammer . red ( v.o. ) I remember think it would take a man six hundred year to tunnel through the wall with it . Andy do it in less than twenty . 231 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1949 ) 231 once again , we see Andy use the rock -hammer to scratch he name into the cement . suddenly , a palm -size chunk of cement pop free and hit the floor . he stare down at it . 232 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1949 ) 232 Andy lie in the dark , study the chunk of concrete in he hand . consider the possibility . wrestling with hope . red ( v.o. ) Andy love geology . I imagine it appeal to he meticulous nature . a ice age here , a million year of mountain - building there , plate of bedrock grind against each other over a span of millennia ... 233 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1949 ) 233 Andy stand peer at the small hole leave by the fall chunk . carefully run he fingertip over it . red ( v.o. ) geology be the study of pressure and time . that 's all it take , really . pressure and time . 234 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1951 ) 234 rita be now on the wall , hang down over Andy 's back . red ( v.o. ) that and a big damn poster . track in to reveal Andy scraping patiently at the concrete . red ( v.o. ) like I say . in prison , a man'll do most anything to keep he mind occupy . he hear footstep approach . he smoothes the poster down and dive into bed . a guard stroll by a moment later , shine he flashlight into the cell . 235 ext -- prison yard -- day ( 1953 ) 235 Andy stroll along , whistling softly , hand in both pocket . tilt down to he pantleg . concrete grit trickle out . red ( v.o. ) it turn out Andy 's favorite hobby be totin ' he wall out into the exercise yard a handful at a time ... 236 int -- 2 nd tier -- night ( 1962 ) 236 a guard stroll the tier , shine he flashlight into the cell . he pause at Andy 's bar , play the beam over the sleep form huddle under the blanket . p37 reverse angle ( from ins1de andy'' cell ) 237 we see what the guard do not : instead of Andy 's head under the blanket , it 's a wad - up pillow . the flashlight play across the cell , pin Marilyn Monroe in a circle of light . 238 angle from behind poster 238 the light illuminate she face through the paper . widen to reveal Andy lie in he tunnel , hold he breath . the light click off . the footstep move on . he get back to work . red ( v.o. ) while the rest of we sleep , Andy spend year workin ' the nightshift ... 239 int -- shaft -- night ( 1965 ) 239 booming slowly up the shaft . rat scurry the pipe . suddenly , be piece of concrete the size of a quarter jump free and plummet down the shaft as the rock -hammer push through . the pick withdraw , replace by Andy 's peer eye . 240 a series of dissolves ( 1965 through 1966 ) 240 take we through the widen of the hole . first as big as a tea cup . then a saucer . then a dinner plate . red ( v.o. ) probably take he most of a year just to get he head through . Andy finally get he head through , scraping he ear . he 's get a penlight clench in he tooth . he peer down into the shaft . at the very bottom , maybe 20 foot down , a big ceramic pipe run the length of the cellblock . beneath its coat of grime and dust , the word " sewer " be stencile . 241 ext -- loading dock access -- night ( 1966 ) 241 angle looking straight down . below we , Tommy Williams lie facedown at norton 's foot . blood be spread , fan out oa the pavement . norton turn , stroll out of frame . red ( v.o. ) I guess after Tommy be kill , Andy decide he would be here just about long enough . again we see : Andy work . norton poke he head in . norton lickety -split . I wanna get home . andy just about do , sir . norton cross to the wall safe and work the dial , he back turn . this time , though , we stay on Andy : he pull up he sweater , yank out a large black book and a stack of file , lay they on the desk . he then grab the real ledger and file , jam they down he pants and smoothes he sweater down . he pick up the bogus stack , cross to norton , and shove everything in . 243 int -- hallway -- night ( 1966 ) 243 norton exit he office and stroll off whistling . push in on the open door . we see Andy at the guard 's desk , pull norton 's dress shoe from they box . red ( v.o. ) Andy do like he be tell . buffed that shoe to a high mirror shine . 244 int -- norton's office -- minute later ( 1966 ) 244 Andy sort through norton 's three suit . he pause , check the gray pinstripe . Nice . 245 int -- cellblock five -- night ( 1966 ) 245 the guard buzy Andy through . Andy walk toward we . red ( v.o. ) the guard simply do not notice . neither do I . I mean , seriously , how often do you really look at a man 's shoe ? tilt down as he pass by . yep , he 's wear norton 's shoe . 246 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1966 ) 246 the light go out . Andy place the last chess piece . gaze up at racquel . smile . pull the rope from under he pillow . he stand and unbutton he prison shirt , revealing norton 's gray pinstripe suit underneath . a flash of lightning flood the cell , throw wild shadow . 247 int -- andy'' cell -- night ( 1966 ) 247 the storm rage . Andy , naked , carefully slip norton 's fold suit into a large industrial zip-lock bag . next to go in be the shoe , chess piece ( already in a smaller bag ) , black ledger en file . last but not least , a bar of soap wrap in a towel . 248 int -- tunnel -- night ( 1966 ) 248 Andy , again wear prison clothes , inch down the tunnel . 249 int -- shaft -- night ( 1966 ) 249 Andy squeeze through the hole head - first , emerge to the waist , he reach for the opposite wall , manage to snag a steel conduit with he finger . suddenly , a huge rat dart for he hand . Andy yank away and almost plummet head - first down the shaft . he dangle wildly upside - down for a moment , arm windmill , then get he hand press firmly against the opposite wall . the rat scurries off , piss . Andy snag the conduit again . he contort out of the hole and dangle into the shaft . we now see the purpose for the rope : the plastic bag hang from he ankle with about two foot of slack , he kick he leg across the shaft , get he foot brace . wit3 he back against one wall and foot against the other , he start down the shaft . slide dangerously . use pipe for handhold . flinch as rat dart this way and that , scurrying in the shadow . he drop the last few foot to the bottom . he approach the ceramic sewer pipe and kneel before it . pull out the rock-hammer and say a quick silent prayer . raise the rock-hammer high and swing it down with all he might . once , twice -- third time lucky . a enormous eruption of sewage cascade into the air as if rocket - propel , the mount St. helen of shit . Andy be instantly coat black . he turn away and heave he gut out . the shit keep come . 250 int -- sewer pipe -- night ( 1966 ) 250 Andy peer down through the hole , play he penlight aroun5 , the inside diameter be no more than two foot . tight squeeze . coate with crud . it seem to go on for mile . no turn back . he wriggle into the pipe and start crawl , plastic bag drag behind . red ( v.o. ) Andy crawle to freedom through five hundred yard of shit -smell foulness I can not even imagine . or maybe I just do not want to . 251 ext -- field -- night ( 1966 ) 251 rain be fall in solid sheet . shawshank be half a mile distant . boom down to reveal the creek ... and push in toward the mouth of the sewer pipe that feed into it . red ( v.o. ) five hundred yard . the length of five football field . just shy of half a mile . finger appear , thrust through the heavy - gauge wire mesh cover the mouth of the pipe . Andy 's face loom from the darkness , peer out at freedom . he wrench the mesh loose , push himself out , and plunge head - first into the creek . he come up sputtering for breath . the water be waist - deep . he wade upstream , rip he clothes from he body . he get he shirt off , spin it through the air over he head , fling the shirt away . he raise he arm to the sky , turn slowly , feel the rain wash he clean . exultant . triumphant . a flash of lightning arc from horizon to horizon . 252 int -- andy'' tunnel -- day ( 1966 ) 252 once again , we see stunne face as camera pull back . red ( v.o. ) the next morning , right about the time racquel be spilling she little secret ... 253 int -- casco bank of portland -- morning ( 1966 ) 253 the door open . spit-shine shoe enter . dolly the shoe to the counter . red ( v.o. ) ...a man nobody ever laid eye on before stroll into the casco Bank of Portland . until that moment , he do not exist -- except on paper . female teller ( o.s. ) May I help you ? tilt up to Andy . smiling in norton 's gray pinstripe suit . andy my name be Peter Stevens . I have come to close out some account . 254 int -- bank -- shortly later ( 1966 ) 254 the teller be cut a cashier 's check while the manager carefully examine Mr. Stevens ' various i.d.s. red ( v.o. ) he have all the proper i.d. Driver 's license , birth certificate , social security card . the signature be a spot - on match . manager I must say I be sorry to be lose you business . I hope you will enjoy live abroad . andy thank you . I be sure I will . teller here 's you cashier 's check , sir . will there be anything else ? andy please . would you add this to you outgo mail ? he hand she a package , stamp and address . give they a pleasant smile . turn and stroll from the bank . red ( v.o. ) Mr. Stevens visit nearly a dozen bank in the Portland area that morning . all tell , he blow town with better than 370 thousand dollar of warden norton 's money . severance pay for nineteen year . 255 int -- office -- day ( 1966 ) 255 a man in shirtsleeve be go through the mail on he desk . he find Andy 's package , rip it open . pull out the black ledger and file . scan a cover letter . Holy shit . he dash to he door and yank it open , revealing the word on the glass : " portland DAILY bugle -- editor in Chief . " man hal ! Dave ! get you butt in here ! 256 int -- shawshank prison -- day ( 1966 ) 256 norton walk slowly toward he office . daze . the morning paper in he hand . he go wordlessly past the duty guard into he office . shut the door . lay the paper on he desk . the headline read : " corruption and murder at shawshank . " below that , the sub-headline : " d.a. have ledger . indictment expected . " norton look up as siren swell in the distance . 257 ext -- shawshank prison -- wide shot -- day ( 1966 ) 257 for the second time , State Police cruiser go rocketing up the road with siren and light . 258 int -- norton's office -- day ( 1966 ) 258 norton open he safe and pull out the " ledger " -- it 's Andy 's Bible . the title page be inscribe by hand : " dear warden . you be right . salvation lay within . " norton flip to the center of the book -- and find the page hollow out in the shape of a rock-hammer . 259 ext -- prison -- day ( 1966 ) 259 Police cruiser everywhere . a media circus . reporter jostle for position . a colorless district attorney step forward into closeup , flanke by a contingent of s.ate troopers . d.a. Byron hadley ? angle shift to reveal Captain hadley . stare . wait . d.a . you have the right to remain silent . if you give up that right , anything you say will be use against you in court ... troopers move in , cuffing hadley 's hand behind he back . the d.a. drone on . flashbulb pop . hadley say nothing . his face scrunches up . he begin to cry . red ( v.o. ) I be not there to see it , but I hear Byron hadley be sobbing like a little girl when they take he away . hadley sob all the way to the car . the d.a. snap a gaze up toward norton 's window , motion he man to follow . 260 int -- norton's office -- day ( 1966 ) 260 norton be stare out the window as they approach the building . he go to he desk , open a drawer . Inside lie a revolver and a box of shell . red ( v.o. ) norton have no intention of goin ' that quietly . 261 int -- prison corridor -- day ( 1966 ) 261 the d.a. march along amidst a phalanx of troopers . 262 int -- norton's office -- day ( 1966 ) 262 norton sit blankly at he desk , revolver before he . the doorknob rattles , a voice be hear : d.a. ( o.s. ) Samuel norton ? we have a warrant for you arrest ! open up ! the pounding start . norton dump the box of bullet out on thry desk . he start sorting they to see which one he like . 263 outside he office 263 trooper hustle the hapless duty guard to norton 's door as he fumble nervously with a huge key ring . duty guard I be not sure which one it be ... he start try key in the lock . and as the key go slide in one after another ... 264 int -- norton's office -- day ( 1966 ) 264 ... so do the bullet . norton be rivete to the door . for every key , he load another bullet . methodical and grim . he get the final bullet in just as the right key slam home . the door burst open . Men muscle in . somebody shout . trooper dive in all direction as norton raise the gun -- -- and jam it under he chin . he head snap back as the wall go red . his swivel chair do a slow half - turn and creak to a final stop . trooper rise slowly , gaze in horror . red ( v.o. ) I like to think the last thing that go through he head ... other than that bullet ... be to wonder how the hell Andy dufresne ever get the best of he . push slowly to the wall to reveal Mrs. norton 's frame sampler trickle blood and brain ... and we get we final Bible lesson for today : " he judgment cometh and that right soon . " 265 ext -- prison yard -- day ( 1966 ) 265 mail call . Red hear he name . they pass he a postcard . red ( v.o. ) not long after the warden deprive we of he company , I get a postcard in the mail . it be blank . but the postmark say , " mcnary , Texas . " 266 int -- library -- day ( 1966 ) 266 Red sit with a atla , trace he finger down the page . red ( v.o. ) mcnary . right on the border . that 's where Andy cross . ( shut the book ) when I picture he head south in he own car with the top down , it make I laugh all over again ... 267 ext -- mexico -- highway -- day ( 1966 ) 267 a red convertible rip along with Andy at the wheel , cigar jutting from he grin , warm wind flutter he tie . red ( v.o. ) Andy dufresne , who crawle through a river of shit and come out clean on the other side . Andy dufresne , head for the Pacific . 268 int -- mess hall -- day ( 1966 ) 268 heywood be regaling the table with some anecdote about Andy . red ( v.o. ) that of we who know he best talk about he often . I swear , the stuff he pull . it always make we laugh . a wild burst of laughter . push in on Red . feeling melancholy . red ( v.o. ) sometimes it make I sad , though , Andy be go . I have to remind myself that some bird be not mean to be cage , that 's all . they feather be just too bright ... 269 ext -- field -- late day ( 1966 ) 269 convict hoe the field . Guards patrol on horseback . red ( v.o. ) ... and when they fly away , the part of you that know it be a sin to lock they up do rejoice ... but still , the place you live be that much more drab and empty that they be go . a distant rumble of thunder . Red pause , gaze off . Storm cloud come in , backlit by the sun . a light drizzle begin . red ( v.o. ) I guess I just miss my friend . 270 int -- prison cell -- night ( 1966 ) 270 Red be sleep . he wake with a start . red ( v.o. ) but there be time I curse he for the dream he leave behind ... he sense a presence , look over he shoulder . there 's a rita hayworth poster on he wall . he get out of bed . rita just keep smile , inscrutable . as Red watch , a brilliant round glow build behind the poster , shine from the tunnel . the poster rip free , char to ash in the blink of a eye as a shaft of holy white light stab into the cell . sunlight . Red stagger back against the glare . a whirlwind kick up , whipping everything into the air . the hole in the wall be like a giant vacuum cleaner -- papers , book , toiletry , bedding -- if it be not nail down , it get suck down the hole toward the light . Red fight it , but the suction drag he closer and closer ... 271 red' Pov 271 ... and camera rocket into the hole , get suck down a endless tunnel at impossible speed , the roar of air mixing with he draw - out scream , closer and closer to the light ... ... and erupting out the other side into total silence and a beautiful white beach . the Pacific Ocean before we . enormous . mind-blow . beautiful beyond description . all we hear now be the gentle sound of wave . red ( v.o. ) ... dream where I be lose in a warm place with no memory . a lone figure stand at water 's edge . camera keep moving , come up behind he and tracking around to reveal -- Red . red ( v.o . ) a ocean so big it strike I dumb . wave so quiet they strike I deaf . Sunshine so bright it strike I blind . it be a place that be blue beyond reason . bluer than can possibly exist . bluer than my mind can possibly grasp . 272 aerial shot 272 nothing for a million mile but beach , sky , and water . Red be a tiny speck at water 's edge . just another grain of sand . red ( v.o. ) I be terrify . there be no way home . 273 int -- red' cell -- night ( 1966 ) 273 Red wake from the nightmare . he get out of bed . move to the bar window of he cell . peer up at the star . red ( v.o. ) Andy . I know you be in that place . look at the star for I just after sunset . touch the sand ... wade in the water ... and feel free . fade to black 274 a iron - barred door 274 slide open with a enormous clang . a stark room beyond . camera push through . six men and one woman sit at a long table . a empty chair face they . we be again in : int -- shawshank hearing room -- day ( 1967 ) Red enter , sit . 20 year older than when we first see he . man # 1 you file say you have serve forty year of a life sentence . you feel you have be rehabilitated ? Red do not answer . just stare off . second tick by . the parole board exchange glance . somebody clear he throat . man # 1 shall I repeat the question ? red I hear you . rehabilitated . let 's see now . you know , come to think of it , I have no idea what that mean . man # 2 well , it mean you be ready to rejoin society as a -- red I know what you think it mean . I , I think it 's a make - up word , a poli - tician 's word . a word so young fella like you can wear a suit and tie and have a job . what do you really want to know ? be I sorry for what I do ? - ----- man g2 well ... be you ? red not a day go by I do not feel regret , and not because I be in here or because you think I should . I look back on myself the way I be ... stupid kid who do that terrible crime ... wish I could talk sense to he . tell he how thing be . but I can not . that kid 's long go , this old man be all that 's leave , and I have to live with that . ( beat ) rehabilitated ? that 's a bullshit word , so you just go on ahead and stamp that form there , sonny , and stop waste my damn time . Truth be , I do not give a shit . the parole board just stare . Red sit drum he finger . closeup -- parole form a big rubber stamp slam down -- and lift away to reveal the word " approved " in red ink . 275 ext -- shawshank prison -- day 275 two short siren blast herald the open of the main gate . it swing hugely open , revealing Red stand in he cheap suit , carry a cheap bag , wear a cheap hat . he walk out , still look stunne . 276 int -- bus -- day 276 Red ride the bus , clutching the seat before he , grip by terror of speed and motion . 277 ext -- brewster HOTEL -- late afternoon 277 Red arrive at the brewster , three storey high and even less to look at than it use to be . 27b int -- brewster -- late day 278 a black woman lead Red up the stair toward the top floor . 279 int -- red' room -- late day 279 small , old , dingy . a arched window with a view of Congress Street . traffic noise float up . Red enter and pause , stare up at the ceiling beam . carve into the wood be the word : " brook hatlen be here . " 280 int -- foodway market -- day 280 loud. jangle with people and noise . we find Red bag grocery . registers be hum , kid be shriek . Red call to the store manager : red sir? restroom break sir ? manager ( motion he over ) you do not need to ask I every time you go take a piss . just go . understand ? 28l int -- employee restroom -- day 281 Red step to the urinal , stare at himself in the wall mirror . red ( v.o. ) thirty year I have be ask permission to piss . I can not squeeze a drop without say-so . a strange east indian guitar- whine begin . the Beatles . George Harrison 's " within you without you ... " 282 ext -- STREET -- day 282 ... which carry through as Red walk . people and traffic . he keep look at the woman . a alien species . red ( v.o. ) woman , too , that 's the other thing . I forget they be half the human race . there 's woman everywhere , every shape and size . I find myself semi-hard most of the time , cursing myself for a dirty old man . two young women stroll by in cut - off and t-shirt . red ( v.o. ) not a brassiere to be see , nipple poke out at the world . jeezus , pleeze -us . back in my day , a woman out in public like that would have be arrest and give a sanity hearing . 283 ext -- park -- dusk 283 Red find the park fill with hippies . hanging out . happen . here 's the source of the music : a radio . a hippie girl gyrate to the Beatles , stone , in she own world . red ( v.o. ) they be call this the summer of Love . summer of loonies , you ask I . 284 int -- parole office -- day 284 Red sit across from he parole officer . the p.o. be fill out he report . p.o . you stay out of the bar , Red ? red yes sir . that I be . p.o. how you do otherwise ? adjusting okay ? red thing get different out here . p.o. tell I about it . Young punk protest the war . you imagine ? even my own kid . oughtta bust he fuckin ' skull . red guess the world move on . 285 int -- foodway -- day 285 bag grocery . child underfoot . one point a toy gun at Red , pump the trigger . Red focus on the gun , listen to it clickety -clack . sparky wheel grind . the kid get sweep off by mom . Red start bag the next customer . slow push in on red. surrounded by motion and noise . feeling like the eye of a hurricane . people everywhere , whipping around he like a gale . strange . loud. dizzy . it get distort and weird , slow and thick , press in on he from all side . the noise level intensify . the holler of child deepen and distend into low eerie howl . he 's in the grip of a major anxiety attack . tries to shake himself out of it . can not . fumble the final item into the bag . walk away . try not to panic . try not to run . he make he way through the store . blink sweat . he bump into a lady 's cart , mumble a apology , keep go . break into a trot . down the aisle , cut to the leave , through the door into the back room , faster and faster , run now , slamm through a door mark " employee only " into -- 286 int -- employee restroom -- day 286 -- where he slam the door and lean heavily against it , shutting everything out , breathe heavily . alone now . he go to the sink , splashes he face , try to calm down . he can still hear they out there . they will not go away . he glance around the restroom . small . not small enough . he enter a stall . lock the door . put the toilet lid down and sit on the john . better . he can actually reach out and touch the wall now . they be close . safe . almost small enough . he draw he foot up so he can not be see if somebody walk in . he will just sit here for a while . until he calm down . 287 ext -- STREET -- dusk 287 Red be walk home . red ( v.o. ) there be a harsh truth to face . no way I be gonna make it on the outside . he pause at a pawnshop window . a array of handgun . red ( v.o. ) all I do anymore be think of way to break my parole . the shopkeeper appear at the glass , lock the door and flipping the sign : close . 288 int -- red' room -- night 288 Red lie smoking in bed . unable to sleep . red ( v.o. ) terrible thing , to live in fear . brook hatlen know it . knew it all too well . all I want be to be back where thing make sense . where I will not have to be afraid all the time . he glance up at the ceiling beam . " brook hatlen be here . " red ( v.o. ) only one thing stop I . a promise I make to Andy . 289 ext -- country road -- morning 289 a pickup truck rattles up the road trail dust and pull to a stop . Red hop off the back , wave he thanks . the truck drive on . Red start walk . pan to a roadside sign : buxton . 290 ext -- maine countryside -- day 290 High white cloud in a blaze blue sky . the tree fiery with autumn color . Red walk the field and back -road , cheap compass in hand . look for a certain hayfield . 291 ext -- countryside -- day 291 walk . search . the day turn late . Red find himself stare at a distant field . there 's a long rock wall , like something out of for a Robert frost poem . Big oak tree . Red check he compass . North end . he cross a dirt road into the field . 292 ext -- hayfield -- day 292 Red walk the long rock wall , near the tree . a squirrel scold he from a low branch , scurries up higher . Red study the base of the wall . nothing unusual here . just a bunch of rock set in stone . he sigh . fool 's errand . turn to go . something catch he eye . he walk back , squat , peer closer . wet a fingertip and rub a stone . a layer of dust come off . volcanic glass . gleaming black . he try to get the rock out , anticipation grow . it will not come ; it 's too smooth . he pull a pocketknife and lever the rock free . it tumble at he foot , leave a rag hole . Red lean down and solve the mystery at last , stare at the object bury under the rock . stun . it 's a envelope wrap in plastic . written on it be a single word : " Red . " Red pull the envelope out and rise . he just stare at it for a while , almost afraid to open it . but open it he do . Inside be a smaller envelope and a letter . Red begin to read : andy ( v.o. ) dear Red . if you be read this , you have get out . and if you have come this far , maybe you be willing to come a little further . you remember the name of the town , do not you ? I could use a good man to help I get my project on wheel . I will keep a eye out for you and the chessboard ready . ( beat ) remember , Red . hope be a good thing , maybe the best of thing , and no good thing ever die . I will be hope that this letter find you , and find you well . you friend . Andy . by now , tear be spilling silently down Red 's cheek . he open the other envelope and fan out a stack of new fifty - dollar bill . twenty of they . a thousand dollar . 293 int -- red' room -- day ( 1967 ) 293 Red be dress in he suit . he finish knotting he tie , put he hat on . his bag be by the door . he take one last look around . only one thing leave to do . he pull a wooden chair to the center of the room and gaze up at the ceiling beam . red ( v.o. ) get busy live or get busy die . that be goddamn right . he step up on the chair . it wobble under he weight . 294 int -- brewster -- red' door -- day ( 1967 ) 294 the door open . Red exit with he bag and head down the stair , leave the door open . camera push through , booming up to the ceiling beam which read : " brook hatlen be here . " a new message have be carve alongside the old : " so be Red . " 295 int -- greyhound bus station -- day ( 1967 ) 295 tracking shot reveal a long line of people at the counter . red ( v.o. ) for the second time in my life , I be guilty of commit a crime . camera bring we to Red , next in line , bag by he foot . red ( v.o. ) parole violation . I doubt they will toss up any roadblock for that . not for a old crook like I . red ( step up ) mcnary , Texas ? 296 ext -- traveling shot -- day ( 1967 ) 296 a gorgeous New England landscape whizze by , field and tree a blur of motion . angle shift to reveal a Greyhound sceni- cruiser barrel up the road , pull abreast of we . camera travel from window to window , pass face . we finally come to Red gaze out at the pass landscape . red ( v.o. ) I find I be so excited I can barely sit still or hold a think in my head . I think it be the excitement only a free man can feel , a free man at the start of a long journey whose conclusion be uncertain ... 297 the bus 297 roar past camera , dwindling to a mere speck on the horizon . red ( v.o. ) I hope I can make it across the border . I hope to see my friend and shake he hand . I hope the Pacific be as blue as it have be in my dream . ( beat ) I hope . 298 ext -- beach -- wide panoramic shot -- day ( 1967 ) 298 a distant boat lie on its side in the sand like a old wreck that 's be leave to rot in the sun . there 's someone out there . 299 closer on boat 299 a man be meticulously stripping the old paint and varnish by hand , face hide with goggle and kerchief mask . Red appear b.g. , a distant figure walk out across the sand , wear he cheap suit and carry he cheap bag . the man on the boat pause . turn slowly around . Red arrive with a smile as wide as the horizon . the other man raise he goggle and pull down he mask . Andy , of course . andy you look like a man who know how to get thing . red I be know to locate certain thing from time to time . Red shrug off he jacket and pick up a sander . together , they start sand the hull as we fade out the end