the other side of the wind written by Orson Welles for educational purpose only fade in : a still photograph -- a sport car -- hideously twisted and broken -- gute with FIRE another photo of the wreck a photo of dale another photo of the wreck ... then a series of flash picture made at the birthday party o.w. 's voice ( on the sound - track ) that 's the car ... what be leave of it after the accident -.. if it be a accident . the car be mean to be a present . before he change he mind , hannaford be go to give it to the young lead actor of he last movie -- John Dale . hannaford 's suppose to have save him -- at some earlier date -- from commit suicide . or so the story go . a series of flash picture of guest at the birthday party ... a flash picture of hannaford a '' still '' from hannaford 's film w.as voice ( contd . ) most of hannaford 's admirer be certain he do not intend to drive his car off that bridge '' a corny end , '' they say , '' j.j. hannaford would never be guilty of that . '' there be other opinion ... he die last summer on he birthday , July second -- it 's much too early to guess what history will decide about he ... this be put together from many source -- from all that footage shot by the tv and documentary Film -maker -- and also the student , Critic and young director who happen to bring sixteen and eight millimeter camera to he birthday Party ... the choice of the material be a attempt to sketch a film likeness through all that different viewfinder ... the film begins w.as voice hannaford 's own unfinish motion picture be part of the testimony : '' the other side of the wind '' ... it have be leave just as it be when they screen it -- on the last day of he life . note : jake hannaford 's film which run in counterpoint to this be not here describe . the first scene ( the turkish bath sequence ) open the picture and play under the title . the director' voice suddenly bring the scene to a end : jake ohh ----kay ... cut ! we be on the SOUND stage of a movie studio first assistant director this be a wrap , mister hannaford ? jake yes , kid . first assistant ( PAT ) ( full voice in the background overlap the follow ) okay , everybody ! back -lot , Monday morning , remember -- nine o'clock . the girl put on dress gowns , grip move equipment ; everybody start out through the big main door ... higgam ( a party guest and author of book on the cinema ) Mr. hannaford -- but j.j. hannaford be move off toward the door in the dark rear of the sound stage ... a sun - gun flash on to reveal a line of dwarve line up shoulder to shoulder for inspection . hannaford pass they without comment . higgam ( contd . ) mister hannaford ... various documentary camera be following the regular movie crew out the main door of the sound stage . also journalist and many '' still '' photographer matt ( to a second assistant indicate the whole boil mass ) who let they in ? the assistant turn to maggie , appeal for answer . maggie they be the '' Close - up on hannaford '' people . and this -- ( indicate another group ) be do the special for BBC ... series of flash ext : SOUND stage the first cameraman no , mar ’am -- cbc ... pister ( another author ) I ’am pister ... pister , from the Film institute a lady still photographer : I be independent . higgam : I be higgam . maggie : ( to the first assistant ) Zarah ... it 's she fault . PAT well , it 's she party . maggie : if she have not talk Jake into let all the media get at he ... al : ( to a second assistant ) there 's room -- another big bus -- put the nude in with the midget . zimmer : maggie , you can be chaperone -- matt : stop try to be funny . ride with the dummy . he be look up at a bus ... sixteen seat be occupy by sixteen gruesomely realistic dummy -- exact duplicate of JOHN dale ( the actor who -- up to now -- have be play the lead male role in hannaford 's film ) higgam ( 0.s . ) he promise I -- zimmer ( 0.s . ) he ask for they . al ( 0.s . ) he think they be louzy . zimmer ( 0.s . ) so why do he want ‘em all out at the ranch ? higgam ( as though this explain everything ) : I be higgam . the baron : of course you be . fresh angle : reverse angle : higgam I be do the book on mister hannaford . the baron ( to maggie , with carefully mute sarcasm ) and I know somebody , somewhere who be not . julie rich ( enter scene ) mine be the authorize biography ... the baron ( make introduction ) it be certainly one of they , miss Rich -- miss maggie Fassbinder , miss julliette Rich . julie rich call I Julie -- maggie 's voice ( 0.s . ) hi , Julie -- matt ( a super stooge in the hannaford mafia ) continue with the introduction : matt this be mister pister -- the first name be Charles . music strike up ... a small brass band ( 0 . New Orleans style and not too good 10 pister er ... matt be not it -- ? maggie ( before pister can agree to this ) and this be Matt costello , Mr. hannaford 's personal assistant -- matt yeach , I do all the dirty job -- ( turn to zimmer , the make - up man ) which remind I ... zimmer you gotta give I hell , so go ahead -- I be sittin’ down for it . PAT you be a brave man , Zimmie . zimmer brave ? I get flat foot . ss . ) matt ah , go sit in the bus -- you and you dummy ... fresh angle : higgam rush off - scene fresh angle : 11 higgam I be promise a place in mister hannaford 's car -- PAT start run , junior , you just might catch up with he at the gate . maggie right Zimmie : you can all be brave together at the ranch . matt where 's the Baron ? the baron ( sardonically ) here , sir . matt what would you do with Max David ? 12 the baron billy 's take care of he . matt billy ? what 's he know about the story --? the baron ( sketching a shrug ) accord to Jake it do not matter -- he 's more Max 's style ... matt they be in the projection room --? the baron I think he 's right -- matt Jake ? of course , he 's right -- the baron be not he always --? ... do I get to ride with the nude ? matt you go with the midget . the studio projection room max david , the latest ( and who know ? , maybe the last ) big chief of one of the last of the big movie company , stand in front of the blank screen , look impatiently at he watch ... 13 billy boyle ( a super-stooge in the hannaford mafia ) hurry up to he . billy hi , Max -- remember I , I be billy boyle . max david oh , yes , hi . billy , where 's you boss ? billy ( gamely try to hide he distress ) Jake ... maybe we would better not wait for he ... max david he 's still on the set ? billy I do not know where he be , Max -- just at the moment ... ( handwritten note - CUT to : '' continue page 22 go here '' ) int . a waiting bus ( on the studio lot ) al ( to Julie Rich ) ++. over budget ? a picture 's a success -- who remember what it cost ? 14 reverse angle : matt ( climb into the bus ) Zimmer ... I get to give you a message . zimmer ( after a beat ) from Jake ? I get that message . everybody hear . matt not this message . pause ... not a move , not a blink from matt . zimmer I be fire . that 's the message . matt 's continue immobility supplies the answer intercut with : julie rich and she own camera and sound man . also a couple of lesser fish in the world of european journalism . zimmer ( contd . ) so what be I do go to he party ? 15 matt you be invite . zimmer ... with all this stupid dummy -- ! matt they be invite . zimmer joke ... maggie you know how he be sometimes . zimmer I know how he 's get ... julie rich prick up she ear at this , and signal to she cameraman . matt catch she at it . CUT to : series of shot : the bus roll on along the freeway ... aboard there be yet another documentary camera crew , but most of the passenger be zimmer 's supernumerary dummy . one of this last be propped up in a seat beside zimmer himself . Matt , PAT and maggie be nearby ... al be with miss rich . 16 intercut : another bus a much livelier scene include the midget and the girl ( the nude from the steambath ) matt so here you be in Hollywood , Julie ... I bet life be never like this in -- what be that little hick town you be bear in -- ? dijon , France -- julie rich ( very cool ) oh ...? matt yeah , I just remember . you be not french , though -- you be polak extraction . julie rich ( coldly ) you seem to know quite a lot about I , Mr. Kelly . matt ( give she the old smile ) call I Matt . zimmer ( in a tone of weary bitterness ) Old Matt -- he know just about everybody . he 's on that Committee -- 17 matt pipe down , Zimmie . zimmer the one that decide if you be american . julie rich I be not american ... zimmer maybe you do not know this people be still in business . matt ( a whiff of quiet menace ) we be in business , Zimmie . julie rich Mr. hannaford 's investigate I ? al well , not Jake exactly ... matt ( the phone to he ear ) no -- he be not on we Committee -- the bus start with a jerk , shaking everybody -- the studio projeciton 18 al we gotta be a little careful , do not we ? matt ( to Mlle. rich ) that 's all right , Julie ... you do not have to worry . you be clean . room billy --. no editing , really -- just the slate cut off ... max david so what be I go to see -- everything he 's shot up to now ? billy the first couple reel , Max . the rest 's already out at the ranch ... Zarah 's give he this party , and she invite all this movie freak ... bleak , blank silence from max david . he wait again for some sort of reaction , and once again get nothing . we will see the rest of we the stuff when we get there ... 19 billy ( cont ) ( contd . ) Zarah 's expect you , Max ... so be Jake -- max david I be expect he here . CUT to : jake' car ( racing through the street ) jamme into the back be the two cinema historian and biographer , higgam and pister , also a documentary crew ( sound and camera ) ... they can see j.j. hannaford in the driver 's mirror ; he 's wear sunglass ... sitting beside he be he comrade and disciple , the highly successful young film director brooks otterlake . ( otter - lake be also a talented and compulsive impressionist . with jake particularly -- with whom he be now , secretly , more than a bit uneasy -- he tend to jump from one '' Voice '' to another . ) another cameraman be squeezed next to he . in the back seat : a flurry of hushed haggling between higgam and pister , and a perfect frenzy of interview ... pister want to know , among other thing , if mr . hannaford consider that '' the camera be a phallus ? '' maybe jake do not hear ... 20 jake brooksie -- otterlake right here at you side , skipper . jake know what I want for my birthday ? otterlake ( indicate the cineast in the back ) not this , I bet -- jake I want a drink . the SOUND man Mr. hannaford ... do you mind drive a little slower ? fresh angle : the SOUND man sprawle dangerously on the back of the car , clutching he microphone . the SOUND man ( contd . ) I be afraid I will fall off ... CUT to : then back to : 21 the bus with the dummy maggie 's voice ( 0.s . ) aw , come on , Zimmie . Jake 's fine . he 's just like he always be . zimmer ( I be a make - up man ) ... a expert . all my life I have be stick my nose into other people 's wrinkle . I know the little sign . ( after a beat ) it 's something you could almost ... smell . that 's what the gypsy say . maggie ( dismiss foolishness ) gypsy ... zimmer nine month we practically live with they ... Jake 's first picture in Spain . a flamenco guitar be strumm ... but gloom hang heavy over the group of hannaford executive seat among the dummy ... reverse angle : CUT to : a_ movie screen ... the light go out ... the film begin ... 22 al ( to julie rich ) '' matador '' -- remember that one ? julie rich the new one 's what I care about -- al '' the other side of the wind '' ... ( in the studio projection room ) billy , sit beside max david , be do he best to act as interpreter , salesman and apologist . billy this be toward to the beginning ... it come right after what we be shoot today ... she leave the steamroom , and here 's this character wait for she ... max david Dale something ? 23 billy John Dale , Max ... he 's the kid on the motorcycle . the one in the middle ... silence ... the film continue ... then CUT to : the bus PAT ( defensively ) aw , he 's pick ‘em before ... maggie ( after a beat ) nobody know that better than Zimmie ... nobody 's be with he any longer . zimmer well , I be never a member of the old wolf - pack . if you be jewish , to get into that club , you gotta be charming ... matt you be charming enough , Zimmie -- ( turn back in he seat ) zimmer sigh ... she react to this . 24 matt ( contd . ) you be just sore about the dummy . al' voice ( 0.s . ) I know how he feel . Zimmie put in a lot of good work for he ... zimmer the bridge for Randy leigh 's nose . I create that nose : the famous profile -- it make he a star . PAT Jake make he a star ... maggie he do not need to make star -- just movie . maggie ( contd . ) you do not think so ? zimmer ( look at the dummy ) I do not know what I think of this one -- PAT ( under he breath ) who do ? cu : the dummy head ... CUT to : 25 the film ( in the studio projection room ) ( shot feature JOHN dale ) ... billy can not think of a answer to this . max david ( after watch in silence for a while ) he look like a girl . billy they do nowadays , that 's how they want to look -- it 's the scene , Max ... max david which scene ? billy the scene ... max david ( sarcastic , but not press hard ) oh ?... and you old guy | be try to ... ' get with it 's -- ? be that what this movie 's about ? ( then after a beat ) CUT to : jake' car he switch on the playback of he 26 max david ( contd . ) no ?... well , just what be it about ? billy I 's all try to explain , Max -- as we go along ... otterlake ( to higgam and pister all right , man -- let 's get organize ... where shall we start -- where old dad here run away to sea ? or way back to the ancestor ? ( change of voice -- as a cinema freak ) they be all actor , be not they , Mr. hannaford ? ( change of voice ) worse than that -- they be irishman . ( he own voice ) here 's the original -- not that it 's as good ... miniature tape recorder . a whirring sound and the tape recorder fall silent ... during this last he change cartridge in he tape recorder . 27 jake' voice ( playback ) most of the old actor-managers be mick . barret , McCullough , hannaford , o’neil ... what else be there to be ? you carry brick , get into politics or go on the stage . Old Junius hannaford be pretty big in High tragedy before the Civil War . and Junius junior as befit the second generation , make it into High Society -- a pioneer snob blaze the trail for the kelly and the kennedy ... otterlake that 's a run-out ; but I know the rest . Mr. hannaford 's father go into the movie -- higgam '' mayfair Max -- '' '' otterlake '' gentleman jewel thief '' -- right ! y’see , skipper -- everybody know everything . he make three of that picture ... 28 he turn on the playback . otterlake have flicked off the little sound machine ... jake glance at he sardonically . CUT to : the studio projeciton the film continue ... jake' voice ( on playback ) .-.. and everybody be happy till they find he one Sunday morning in he suite in the old Hollywood Hotel hang from the chadel -- censorship ? otterlake ( do not reply to the question , but return , a bit defensively , to he former breezy style ) after that you have to go to work for a live -- ( to that in the back seat ) give the skipper he hooch , will you -- room a brief silence . CUT to : 29 billy accord to Jake , the box like he ... max david ( a indifferent mumble ) box ? billy the old magic box . if the camera do not like a actor , it just stare ... ( another beat ) that 's what Jake say . max david and if the actor do not like the old magic director ?... billy ( vaguely ) yeah ... max david and the girl ? ( then , after a beat ) how do the box feel about she ? the actress herself ( drive her own car ) like everyone else , on she way to the birthday party ... 30 contd ... she come to a stop next to jake be car : they be both wait for a traffic light . otterlake ( aside to jerry ) Pocohontas ... ( a bit of rather stoogish laughter greet this from the back seat ) otterlake ( contd . ) Zarah be gonna invite you man , too ... we put a stop to that , I reckon -- jake ( blankly ) nobody can find he . otterlake turn to look at he ... the light change , jake gun the car and it leap forward ( leave the actress behind ) CUT to : hannaford 's movie ( in the studio projection room ) the actress feature in a scene now show on the screen ... max david she 's a indian ? -- a red indian ? 31 billy ( with a mirthless chuckle ) a red , red indian -- ( then rather quickly ) in the story ... you will meet she out at the party , Max . max david and the boy -- billy can think of nothing useful to say to this ... max david it 's true what silence ... hannaford ’s_ movie continue ... CUT to : jake' car come out of a tunnel ... pister '' ( contd . ) I hear ? ( he mike fully erect ) perhaps you have care to assess the trauma of you father 's suicide as it may have be reflect in you film ? 32 pister ( contd . ) ( get ready to repeat he question ) Mr. hannaford -- otterlake ( briskly change voice -- some celebrate and ridiculously inap - propriate character ) Mr. hannaford begin he career as a prop a in the old cliff-hanger ... bomb , buzz-saw , pit full of deadly serpent -- he provide all the disaster -- pister ( 0.s . ) mumble ... higgam ( 0.s . ) what ?... of course , it be Hollywood -- jake ( half to himself ) another town of the same name ... otterlake ( after a brief pause , prompt he ) yeah -- ? another tiny pause . intercut : 33 jake a cross between a small - time mud-show and a mining camp ... exhilating . otterlake ( prompt again ) you share a bungalow with you first lead man -- I even know he name : Frank fryer . how about that ? and I be the only one that 's not do a book on you -- pister ( 0.s. ) oh -- ? jake you be not drink either . pister I think you be , otterlake -- otterlake the whiskey 's for he , pister , and let 's have it -- ! ... the book , you mean -- ? my book on hannaford be how I get to Hollywood -- the publisher 's advance ... lot of very busy business in the back seat as jake 's drink be prepare and pass up to he ... 34 otterlake ( contd . ) five chapter take the two of we two and a half year ... I finally have to begin direct movie myself so I could eat . jake the rest be history . pister ( 0.s. ) and now you be too busy ? otterlake no , but he be -- and take it from I , fella , he hate be interview . that 's what 's make this whole thing today so delightful ... Zarah 's idea -- higgam ( unnecessarily ) Zarah Valeska . otterlake ( assume another famous voice ) she be the one give the party -- ( another voice ) yes , and she 's the one dream up this crazy communication orgy , where ' the young people of the cinema 's -- ( in he own voice ) -- whatever that mean , be let loose on he . well , happy birthday ... 35 otterlake ( contd . ) I donate a lot of my old tape -- ( into yet another impression ) scatter ‘em here and there among you cineast , just out of kindness . we can spare he a few question , I figure , if the answer come first . the cineast in the back seat be too confuse by this virtuosity to really take it in . otterlake ( contd . ) answer be my department ... the first hannaford film ? -- silent , with David fryer . action picture -- ( another voice ) plenty of action . why , Jake and Dave use to strip to the waist every Saturday night , put they two pay envelope on the mantlepiece and fight each other for the pot ... ( then , after a moment , in he own voice ) whatever happen to he ? jake fryer ? I do not know , kid . 36 otterlake they come and they go . jake they sure n’hell go . higgam John Dale , for instance ? ( higgam be try to push he way into a exclusive club , but not make it , of course . ) tight two shot : jake and otterlake jake say nothing ... go on drive . higgam 's voice ( 0.s. ) ( he do not know when to stop ) the latest of all that actor you have discover ... jake ( after a moment , to otterlake rather than higgam -- almost to himself ) discover ?... like you go pearle for ‘em and squeeze you movie star out of a oyster ... 37 a title be flashed on the screen . '' scene missing '' the screen be in -- the studio projeciton room max david just how much be miss ? billy not too much , really -- to billy 's relief the title be now replace on the screen by -- hannaford 's film ... max david' voice what happen here ? billy voice ( unhappily ) I be not really sure , Max . maybe it 's here she leave the bomb ... max david' voice what 's the bomb for ? billy 's voice ( with a short nervous laugh ) Jesus , I do not know ... 38 another title : '' scene missing '' billy voice ( contd . ) maybe he 's change he mind , and there will not be any ... CUT to : the road a rough look character roar past jake 's car on a motorcycle , then slow , signal ... the rough character that cop back there -- he 's wave at ya ... jake Wave back brooksie . the rough character you guy be overload -- otterlake thanks , Jack . the rough character somebody 's 1l have to go -- otterlake can he go with you , Jack ? 39 the rough character I do not have the insurance ... see ya at the party -- he roar away up the road ... jake do I have the pleasure ? otterlake he know you , all right -- cameraman ( the one in front ) pretty good director -- otterlake he think he be you . ( then , with a quick grin ) but do not we all ? meanwhile , pister be about to be toss out on he ear . it seem that the law will not allow the soundman to ride on the trunk of the car , so room have to be make for he on a seat . as thing work out , it 's not higgam but pister who be eject , tape record and all ... intercut : reverse angle 40 otterlake ( contd . ) ( speak the name with distaste ) Simon . Jack Simon jake ( start the car ) yeah ? otterlake a brand new bottle work have be open at Mac factor 's just to keep the boy supply with blood . as the car drive away , pister be leave with he tape recorder all forlorn on the roadside . CUT to : the film ( studio projection room ) max david if he do not just walk off the set -- if he quit the picture -- how 'il you finish it ? billy he 'il come back ... max david what if he do not ? 41 billy well ... Jake 's get a whole lot of idea -- max david such as ? billy ( struggle to find something to say ) there be not too much I can tell you , Max . you know how much of the picture he just carry in he head ... hannaford’s film continue ... then -- a_ monster airplane it scream by overhead ... we be in : jake' car ( near a airport and a train a hysterical little episode in which another car in the birthday party procession catch up with jake be . a sexy girl interviewer be forcibly add to he passenger list and now it 's higgam who be eject , tape recorder and all . CUT to : track ) 42 the film ( in the projection room ) max david ( irritably ) -.-- so what be the toy about ? billy ( increasingly on the defensive ) well ... before this , she 'il be pretend to look in the window at ‘em -- that be , when we get around to shoot it -- but really she be just make sure nobody 's follow she . max david the boy 's be follow she -- she 's get to know that . billy ( start to drow slightly ) other , beside he ... like the FBI or something . max david she 's some kind of crook ? billy some kinda radical , Max ( interrupt himself speak quickly ) 43 billy ( contd . ) anyway , there 's some shop there , and the boy think she 's be look at this doll ... max david ( flatly ) which doll -- ? billy ( after a short silence ) the one he think she be look at . so ... he go in and busy it for she ... ( he offer this last as though it explain everything ) max david sigh quietly , but make no comment . CUT to : the bus it stop as pister signal to it ... he climb aboard . matt ( to pister ) have fun , Mr. pister ? pister the people in that last car be kind of awful . 44 matt Mr. hannaford 's car ? pister they throw I out . and then I be pick up by a lot of video - freak -- but they run out of gas , or need to fix something ... as he take a seat in what might be call the executive section , the bus start up again ... matt ( well along with he drink ) hippies ... ( he pat the top of the dummy 's head ) that 's what junior here be all about . pister ( look closely at the dummy ) John Dale ...? zimmer ( to matt ) the hair ... that do not make he a hippie . kid today -- matt ( cut he off ) yeah ?... what do you know about it ? 45 zimmer what do Jake know -- at he age ? maggie he have better know . pister I have get some material on that ... pister fiddle with he tape recorder . zimmer ( drop he voice ) the way I hear it , he 's put up he own money -- maggie ( cut he off with the answer ) the bank want a name . zimmer ( indicate the dummy ) and Jake want he ... they all stare at the dummy . a baby . maggie the world 's full of ‘em , Zimmie , or have not you notice ? CUT to : 46 the studio projeciton room hannafordn film continue on the screen ... max david finally break the silence : max david ( a hint of weariness ) what 's in the package ? billy clear he throat nervously . billy the package ... y’mean what she 's get in she bag ? max david it 's either a bomb on she lunch -- huh ? billy the kid 's package -- ( quick change of tone ) you see it already , that 's the doll .. once again the title appear on the screen : scene missing max david ( carefully patient ) just tell I this , Jimmy -- 47 billy billy -- max david there go to be film where it show there 's a doll in this package ? billy that 's easy , Max -- just a insert ... max david and the bomb ? billy yes , Max ? max david if it be leave in the building , when do it blow up ? billy the bomb be ... well , we do not actually know ... max david ( cut in ) what do we know ? billy ( at the end of he tether ) better ask Jake . CUT to : the bus 48 max david I would better read a script . ( another brief silence ) you have not get one ? -- ( this next be not a question ) Jake be just make it up as he go along . billy ( weakly ) he 's do it before ... maggie look what he do with the other : Glen garvey ... Courtney saxon -- PAT Courtney ? he be sell vacuum cleaner when Jake discover he . zimmer ( disregard this last ) and as for hannaford himself -- maggie ( quickly ) what about he ? CUT to : 49 PAT branch sutter -- he be a dish - washer ... zimmer ( stare at the dummy ) could be that he 's wrong this time ... matt who say so ? maggie ( turn to look out the window ) Zimmer . he 's get this sensitive nose . zimmer that 's all right , maggie ; never mind the smell -- everything stink a little . maggie you be tell mother . jake' voice ( 0.s . ) '' + . when I be do with a actor -- I be do . he 's as dead as cold mutton ... 50 c.u. the actress ( drive her car ) luca listen to the playback on he tape recorder ... jake' voice it 's like the end of a love affair -- all you want be out ... jake be speak to he young friend otterlake but this be be photograph and record in triplicate . cameraman well , that 's what he get . jake' voice for the director , you know -- it 's a kind of ... phony honeymoon . you be the groom : you gotta make a fair job of romance the poor cow . CUT to : the bus suddenly pister 's tape recorder come shrilly ( hand written note : to life : '' incomplete '' ] matte voice ( playback ) speak for yourself , skippper -- matt laugh in 51 al ( on camera ) that 's you Matt -- jake' voice we know ‘em , uncle -- we have to ... pister that 's Mr. hannaford -- the other shhh -- ! jake' voice we gotta know about everybody -- the creep and freak be not as much fun as the real gypsy , but something set we tooth on edge , we do the chic and manly thing , Matthew -- we do not sulk and turn away . no . we bend over and take a good hard sniff . matt 's voice you do not have to bend over to smell a hippie . he 's like a polecat ; he meet you more than half way . appreciation of he own record remark . matt ( on camera ) like the gypsy , huh , Zimmie ? 52 pister gypsy ?... pister be search in he file , look up ' G 's for ' gypsy 's ... matt it 's what the gypsy can smell -- right , Zimmie ? [ " yes " ] zimmer ( a irritate mumble ) death ... anybody could smell it ... matt aw , put a can on it -- zimmer he 's turn sour , Matt ... he 's go bad . luca 's voice «+. dream projection of hannaford himself ? CUT to : the actress ( in hericar ) driving very fast , concentrate on the job . truman lockwood be sit 53 the actress ( in her car ) beside she with he camera . in the back be ciccio tucci , a cameraman from Rome , and luca renard . luca man , they be real -- he make ‘em real ; give ‘em existence -- he mould the clay -- truman or cut ‘em out with a pair of scissors . luca he conceive ‘em ... like a god . the actress ( under she breath ) luca -- a terrible and jealous god ... that 's just what he 's be for this new boy of he . John Dale be hannaford 's personal creation -- ( lowering he voice ) there 's something else , too ... a even stronger claim ... ( with a smile ) very much in the hannaford style ... 54 CUT to : the bus pister have be search in he file , look up ' G 's for ' gypsy 's ... pister ( bring forth a sheet of paper ) here we be -- ' gypsy 's -- transcribe from my own tape . I be there when he say it ... ( hand the paper to Pat ) here ... PAT ( read ) ' gypsy -- Hitler get rid of they , too . but he could have fumigate the whole world , and there have still be the other one -- the hippie and beatnik -- the bum ... call ‘em what you want to , they slack and slouch around on the floor because they like it down there . talk about the return to the womb ? what about the return to the cave ? junk ... junk be how you get there ... that 's how you dig you way back ... junk for the cool dream , kid ; and the cool , dim , anonymous gang - bang ... the mutual jack - off ’... ( he laugh ) 55 PAT ( contd . ) that 's sure tellin’ it like it now PAT 's voice be replace by jake' issue tinnily from the speaker of a tape recorder : jake' voice «+. Randy Moore , for instance : he be a prop-boy ... David leigh be a extra : Neil trevor , branch sutter ... we see : a new tape recorder -- then a wider angle show we : the actress in her car ( where luca be play this tape ) jake' voice I happen to notice ‘em ... but Dale I find . literally . fished he out of the sea . now that 's what you have call a discovery ... Dale be flap around like something you bring up in a net ... billy voice ( playback ) you should have throw he back . he be too small . 56 luca ( quickly to the other ) just listen ... maggie' voice ( playback ) you have to go and make he a actor -- jake' voice we do what we could . kept he on the yacht ; sign he on as a deck - hand , make a sailor out of he . or try to ... sure I rescue he . ( grimly ; after a moment ) I have be rescue he ever since . c.u. luca as he turn off the playback . luca you get it ? he save the cat 's life . truman ( turn to the actress -- half question ) so John Dale 's in debt to the old man for that ...? luca ( earnestly ) can you imagine a relationship more all - consume ? -- between master and slave ? c.u. : the actress 57 she go on drive and make no comment . CUT to : the studio projeciton room heavy silence from max david as hannaford be film conitnue on the screen ... a flash of billy 's anguished face silence ... billy ( plaintively ) understand , Max -- this be not even a rough -cut ... ( beginning to betray a certain desperation ) you be go to have to see the entire movie -- max david sure . and Jake 's go to have to shoot it -- billy like I tell you , Max , a awful lot of the footage be out at the ranch . we will be screen it for you at the party . 58 [ '' don't have '' ] max david sit , sphinx - like stare at the empty screen ... CUT to : another blank movie screen this be at the hannaford ranch ( in a room use for film projection ) ... no theatre - type seat here , just a mixture of chair and couch . this be occupy now by a variety of guest ... to celebrate j.j. hannaford 's birthday , zarah valeska have invite the widest possible range of cineast and cinema buff . she have manage to include such man as charbol , godard , rhomer , truffaut and burtolucci , as well as some of the brighter young spaniard and englishmen . and of course , there be premier figure from the young Americans : jack nicholson , dennis hopper , cassavete , nazursky , henry jaglom -- the whole spectrum , from video - freak to andy warhol . by no mean all of this be already here in this pro- jection room . many be scattered about the ranch , argue together or just quietly get stone . it 's still early ... a guest ( one of the celebrity ) hey , that 's the Baron -- ask he ... another guest ( to the baron , who have just look in at the door ) we would like to see the movie -- 59 the baron ( politely ) we have get all night for it ... g g. [ " don 't have '' ] ( as he turn to go ) lot of people have not arrive -- the desert road and driveway leading up to the ranch [ '' yes " ] night be fall fast as car and bus jam into the driveway . guest of every description be pile out and climb the picturesque stairway lead up through the great rock to the ranch-house above ... they be pursue ( as be just about everyone this evening ) by zoom lense and '' sun gun . '' series of shot : ( exterior and interior ) [ '' no '' ] in_ conversation such as the follow , the actual speaker be only occasionally to be find directly on camera . the voice , for much of the time , function as a sort of informal chorus . ossawatomie duluth : ( we be pick this up in the middle of another argument ) : ++. we be not inny of we gonna lose inny sleep ovah hannaford ... ( note : this be a approximation of ossie be accent . it be give here merely as_a_ sample and will not be repeat . della : look -- I have know everybody -- ossie : I do not deny he one single white hair on he chest , lovely -- della : and nobody 's in he league -- 60 ossie : but as a film - maker -- klee : for we , Jake be scotch whiskey , and red steak -- truman : well , I would not put hannaford with people like renoir or eisenstein . sorry -- Einstein . intercut : the stairway between the rock in the arm of grip , bus-boys , zimmer 's whole collection of dummy , emerge from the bus , proceed grotesquely upwards ... besides the arrival of student , scholar and other cinema celebrity , the different camera be recording a mix bag of '' beautiful people '' ( among whom ossie be a popular figure ) . this people do not count for much among the film - maker , but they be here -- along with the midget , the nude from hannaford 's movie , and a surly tribe of video- freak ) . ( this conversation be merely accompaniment : ) suzie : quite a spread ... travis : the late and next to last Mrs. hannaford , of course , be load . tony : you should see the farm out in kenya -- liza : oh , that 's go now -- and the yacht ... one of the numberless camera recording all of this browse for a moment over the fierce shape of big game head decorate some of the wall . 61 the baron ( look up at a tiger 's head ) we get that one the hard way -- ossie the hard way -- ? stand up ina hammock ? ( change of tone ) where 's the High priestess ? della Zarah Valeska ? actually , Fiona 's do she ... in black and white . jacqueline priestess of what -- ? ossie the clan , honey -- ( with heavy sarcasm ) the wild and woolly old hannaford wolf - pack -- ( to della ) Black and white ? 62 della well , it 's she period ... ossie it 's certainly he -- della Fiona 's even get old otto what 's - he - name on the camera . ossie sound campy to I . della campy ? that early hannaford style be -- manny ( over-lap ) von stroheim -- jacqueline ( cut she off ) yes , you be think of von stroheim . 63 charbol von sternberg ... c.u. : a slate boy the slate boy Zarah Valeska -- take two ! he exit with he slate . we be confront with : the romantically beautiful close - up of zarah valeska otto , ( a nice , tired old cameraman ) have triumphantly manage the correct , classic arrangement of light ... a pause , we be in : the library in the ranch with cool , professional patience , zarah be submit herself to a film inter - view conduct by the metallic fiona do lally ( of day - time t.v. Fame ) , whose voice , after a short , tense silence , come brightly from behind the light : fiona Zarah , you name have be link romantically with quite a few celebrity ... her voice trail away into silence . 64 zarah ( pain but still polite ) be not it understand that we be go to talk about love affair ? fiona ( to the camera crew ) cut! voice ( 0.s. ) cut! zarah ( quietly pain ) what you agree to talk about be mister hannaford -- the camera have stop ( but not that of the documentary maker who be cover this froma semi-hide place ) zarah be patience remain monumental . zarah ( contd . ) ( a helpful suggestion ) I can tell you a story ... fiona all right , darling ... if you want to . the slate boy Zarah Valeska -- take four ! 65 zarah ( start she anecdote ) one night ... fiona ( a hurried whisper ) call I '' Fiona '' while you be on camera , darling : it 's so much warmer ... go on ... zarah this be many year ago in Paris -- a big , open bugatti turn and stop directly in front of I -- fiona ( prompt unnece - — sarily , with a dry toothe smile of professional interest ) -- and this be Jake , of course ? zarah ( coolly , patiently helpful ) it 's how we first meet , you understand -- in the street . he just think he be pick up a whore -- fiona ouch ...! wait a minute -- 66 zarah ( in she wide - eye way ) whore be out ? fiona ( sweetly chide ) it 's a woman 's program , dear . zarah it 's a woman 's profession . voice be hear call from various part of the ranch : '' he 's come -- ! '' '' it 's hannaford -- '' here he be -- ! " cameraman ( 0.s. ) do we cut ? fiona ( quietly raging ) what do you think ? assistant ( 0.s . ) cut ! 67 pandemonium ! a crush of camera and cineast ... the big room in the ranch -house series of quick flash : ( like most of we incidental scene , this play quickly but take much longer to describe . ) at first we catch only glimpsis of jake , ringed by blind circle of sun-gun and flash -bulb ... another side of the room one of the friendlier cineast , flushed with drink and indignation , be argue with some of hannaford be attacker : the cineaste -- a fascist , for chrissake ? Jake --? otterlake you get the wrong man , fella ; how about Jack Simon here ? jack simon you tell we , brooksie . otterlake ( to the other ) it 's in he contract -- every picture he direct , he get to shoot all the animal , personally . with a gun , that be . they even pay he off in gun -- 68 jack simon they pay I money , kid . otterlake ( fix simon with a hard smile ) and they say I imitate he . jack simon ( with a quiet menace ) that 's you thing , otterlake . real good at imitation ... a blonde ( call mavis ) do Jack benny -- fresh angle : jake be change a big empty glass for a very full one . his eye be on the actress . ( she pay no attention to he ) ... abe vogel . the distin- guish Hollywood agent , make he way through the milling crowd to jake be side . vogel hi there , Jake -- happy birthday ... fresh angle : jake , enter the scene , cheerfully sabotage he own defense : 69 another cineaste shall we define we term ? otterlake shall we not . jake spade , spic , mick , hunkie , honkie and hebe -- there 's a few term for ya ... ( burlesque red - neck ) a fassatist now -- he do not like they people -- julie rich ( behind jake ) and what kind of people do you like ? jake ( with a benign all - embrace smile ) nobody . ( turn to vogel ) abie -- ! how nice to see you look so old . 70 the baron ( to julie , dip - lomatically ) nobody in the plural ... julie rich then who in the particular ? jake turn to she with that maddeningly blank look of he -- ( like the proud parent of a hope - less brat ) ... silence ... then -- CUT to : the back terrace High on the great boulder which loom decoratively over the swim pool , joey ( a prop man ) can be see arrange the dummy in a long row on the rock . he call down : joey okay ? zimmer Fine , joey . ( he turn to maggie ) so how do they look ? 71 zimmer ( contd . ) ( after a beat ) stupid , that 's how they look ... CUT to : the valeska tv _ interview ( in the library ) fiona ( come on strong ) darling , this marvelous bash you be give he ... as I hear it , you whole idea be to get hannaford in touch with the new generation ... zarah and vice versa -- fiona and that 's why so few of you guest be he own age -- ? zarah most people of mister hannaford 's age be too old for he ... CUT to : the side terrace a minority group of well - establish Hollywood citizen . 72 first citizen ( wind up a little speech ) ++. screen director 's Guild wait around on they tired old ass for the phone to ring . his ass be tired too , but he do not sit on it . Jake get out and hustle . second citizen sure -- just to keep up all of this ... third citizen ( vogel ) who say he 's keepin’ it up ? I hear he 's in trouble ... FOURTH citizen power ... third citizen what ? FOURTH citizen look at the dictator ... symphony conductor -- look at they . power -- that 's the answer . y ’do not keep goin 's just playin’ golf . geta country under you , or a whole orchestra -- that charge up the old battery ... 73 FOURTH citizen ( contd . ) he stop -- catch sight of jake , who have come up behind they , drink in hand ... how about it ? jake ( a sardonic lift of one eyebrow ) give I a orchestra and we will see . jack simon ( who have be lurking b.g . ) and go on play the same old piece ? jake ( with perfect serenity ) Nice to see you , kid . jake smile sweetly at he ... the baron we do chug along a little , Mr. Simon , with the time ... jack simon which time ? -- and who be you ? fresh angle : 74 the baron there never be a artist yet who do not work from memory . jake the Baron be in charge of metaphysic . vogel ( turn on simon ) and who get he a invitation ? jake '' confrontation '' be the word , abie . take it up with we hostess . vogel Zarah ? she must be nut . jake have just catch sight of a cute little blonde -- a very young one ... jake mother seem to think a little young blood 'il be good for we -- 75 first citizen ( lecherously register the young blonde ) she could be right at that ! jake she 's always right ... Excuse I , fella , but I think we get ourselves a confrontation ... he start move in on he target . the citizen chuckle appreciatively as they sit watch he progress . fifth citizen he 's get another motivation -- first citizen I will say -- fifth citizen ( soberly ) the one that matter . he 's in love -- second citizen get off it , he 's too old for that -- CUT to : julie rich 's group 76 FOURTH citizen some people never be . you would be surprised at how much mustard 's be cut in the old people 's home . second citizen so who 's he in love with -- Zarah ? fifth citizen the movie . klee ( in he solemn dutch accent ) I dig ... it be not that he not make female star -- it be just that he do not make they star -- julie rich that 's my whole thesis -- roger great thesis , the old man can still score -- jack simon who say so -- ? 77 julie rich how he score -- who he score with ... that , my friend , get we into some very interesting country ... the blonde ( in a tight group shot ) jake lay a hand on ossie 's shoulder . he turn back to the blonde : ossie hi -- ! the baron Jake -- I think you know ossawatomie duluth ... jake Ill - meet by candlelight , proud titania ! ossie ... we like you little friend . otterlake ( put a arm around she ) not he , skipper . she 's mine . jake ( disregard this , bend he good ear to she and ooze charm ) what 's you name , sweetie ? julie rich 's group 78 the blonde mavis henscher . julie rich --. oh , yes , he partner be female . certainly ... but which female ? roger you tell we -- albinos with wooden leg ? jake' group jake tomorrow 's Sunday , mavis ... you will be fly down with we to Mexico . mavis ( the blonde ) what for ? jake piedra negras . mavis who ? otterlake bull . back to : 79 mavis pardon ? otterlake dangerous breed , sweetie . the baron one of they once kill a friend of ours -- jake ( close in for the kill ) tomorrow we be go to see what happen to we new boy . julie rich and company roger ( lose patience ) so the old man have a kink or two -- what of it ? jacqueline ( quietly serious ) the old man be a destroyer . julie rich what he create , he have to wreck . it 's a compulsion . 80 roger it 's a theory . julie rich I have get name and date ... the folder she 's hold be , indeed , rather suggestive of a dossier . but before we can hear more of this -- CUT back to : jake' group mavis gee , I do not know ... I have get school on Monday . jake ( grin at the other ) I all write a note to the teacher . CUT to : the back terrace ( under the rock ) zimmer , he make - up box at he side , sit glumly in front of he dummy , all array before he ... zimmer how could I -- ? CUT to : 81 maggie come on in and have a drink , Zimmie -- zimmer I do not know this people . why they 's leadin’ actor nowadays -- star even -- I do not know they name . PAT ( phone still to he ear , he idicate zimmer 's dummy ) y ‘do not know he name -- zimmer John Dale ? PAT ( with grim satis - faction ) oscar . that 's he real name ... in he school day whataya think he be famous for -- ? zimmer fornication . PAT ( with grim satis - faction ) we get we somebody tonight who 's gonna tell we all about it -- ( into phone ) yeah ? 82 fresh angle : bertolucci ( look up at the dummy ) quite impressive , I just say . ( he indicate the dummy ) zimmer so be Mr. Dale . to look at he you would swear he be real . a_ dusky corner somewhere matt ( speak into jake' ear , the full mafioso ) New information -- about Dale ... jake well , uncle Matthew ? matt we find out where he come from -- a big , rich family out in Iowa ... maggie how do you like that apple ? you starve orphan go to board school -- silence ... 83 matt we get one of he teacher . want to see he ? jake ( after a beat ) sure . pipe he aboard , uncle Matthew . matt he 's come out with billy . jake Fine . billy 's bring Max -- maggie yeah , when 's he join the party ? ( something in matt be eye stop she ) matt he be not . maggie any word from Texas ? matt I send a car out to the airport ... another short silence ... he smile sweetly at they all and move away ... CUT to : fresh angle : 84 maggie Jake -- can I start the screen ? half the kid be in there wait ... jake think some of they go to expensive board school ? give ‘em three reel or so , and pass among ‘em with a tin cup . otterlake the hannaford mafia be not look very festive -- jake yeah ... I wish they have go home ... otterlake trouble ? jake four day ... that 's a long time , brooksie . fresh angle : 85 otterlake till what ? mavis the blonde dance up to jake with another stiff whiskey . he accept it gratefully . he urge she away ... then turn back to jake . jake thanks , sweetie ... where 's you former boyfriend ? otterlake ( move into scene ) he 's here and you go to the movie -- mavis what ? otterlake ( firmly ) just follow the crowd ... what 's Friday ? jake Friday we close down . 86 otterlake Jesus ... a crowd of guest pass by on the way to the screen ... you can not finish the picture in four day -- jake ( raise he glass ) I have be over - schedule before . let 's drink to that ... otterlake how many time have you be break , skipper ? a short , tense pause ... jake at my present age , brooksie -- just once . CUT to : 87 the projection room at the ranch light dim out , there be the usual stirring and throat-clearings ... then , on the screen we resume : hannaford 's film the door to this ( part-time ) projection room be important : when people open it , they silhouettes move across the screen . the actress be the first to make such a entrance and , as she find herself a place , be the cause of interested attention ... later there 's another interruption : the open door ( the square of light blank out part of the screen -- the crouching and ducking silhouettes as new arrival sneak heavily into the room ) . this time it 's julie rich with a couple of journalist colleague . they make a dash for it into the darkest corner of the room . here , there be not any chair , but the view of the screen in unimpeded , so they sit on the floor . roger and DENISE klee ( a film - make partnership ) be squatting nearby , they back to the wall . soon other in the room become aware of a low and rather venomous buzzing from the corner . roger ( address julie rich ) do not try to lay that on we -- klee ( total incredulity ) you can say almost anything else about he -- they do , but for the moment they shut up . the film continue ... 88 julie rich ( elaborately patient , wind - ing up a argument ) if -- and I say '' if , '' mind you -- actually go to bed with a boy be the only definition you will accept -- various guest shhh -- ! cassie do you mind -- ? 89 a window in the '' projection room '' otterlake stand look in at the film be project now for the guest ... cameraman hey -- put hannaford there ... there , where you be stand . otterlake ( grin ) come on , cooperate ... jake what for ? cameraman the reflection in the glass -- the face and the film inside -- a real hannaford set-up ! during this otterlake have laughingly urge jake into place . now , as the camera turn , he fill in the lull with a quotation : otterlake '' this , you actor , be all spirit - and be melt into air ... into thin air ... '' 90 jake have start a long pull at he drink but be interrupt by the voice of julie rich : julie rich Tatum , fryer , leigh ... branch sutter ... garvey ... he smile at she ... then , after a short silence : jake absent friend . julie rich and John Dale ... all make by you --. funny . we do not see one of that man tonight at you party . jake tonight be for the freak and snoops , lady -- if you will excuse we , please ... otterlake why do not you go in and see the movie , lady -- like everybody else ? they wait for she to go ... she do . 91 jake '' thin air ... '' otterlake '' and like the baseless fabric of this vision , shall dissolve ... '' do you know they have dissolves in Shakespeare ? ( play it up a little for the benefit of the camera ) sure he do : he know everything in Shakespeare . '' the hannaford family curse -- '' jake and he know everything about the hannafords ; that 's my curse ... otterlake we all know about old grandad , Junius the first -- '' the great irish tragedian in the tinseled toga -- '' jake the Shakespeare come from he , all right . 92 otterlake handed down , with a few other thing -- '' booze and the bard '' -- right ?... as for the booze part of it -- well , if he have not quite make it asa rummy -- nobody can say he have not try ! jake I be see little pink director at this very minute . otterlake but Junius -- ah , '' there be a most distinguished souse '' ... another line of yours . jake that 's what 's so nice about brooksie -- I do not have to repeat myself , he do it for I ... otterlake ( continue to quote ) '' -~ br noble Roman shanty irishman ; sure , even when he cut he wrist and kill himself ... '' ( look around ) we have lose we camera , have not we ? jake you be lose I . pause ... a pause ... 93 otterlake '' like seneca , old Junius ble to death in a bathtub -- one of the few time he ever sit in one . but Junius junior -- '' ( that 's you daddy ) '' he even make it into High Society -- a pioneer among the mick , blaze the trail for the kelly and the kennedy ... piss -elegant . he choose the chandelier ... '' jake a human tape recorder . otterlake that 's I , skipper . jake I do not know you have the chandelier . otterlake I have get everything . in the old Hollywood Hotel it be ... they find he , one Sunday morning , hang from it . after which you have to go to work for a live ... as a prop man , etcetera ... 94 jake yeah ... you get it all . otterlake I be the Authority . ( be there -- behind the complacency of that statement -- a overtone of old affection still remain ? if so , it ring a little false in jake' ear ... somehow he young friend have stake out a claim of ownership ) ... he look at he with something very cold in he eye ... otterlake smile back at he with proprietory approval ... otterlake ( contd . ) so ... what do we do next ? jake we never know , do we ? a pause ... jake be in a sort of reverie ... this have commence earlier and come from thought far remove from family anecdote ... he raise he glass as 95 jake ( contd . ) we be feel fine -- it 's early morning -- otterlake not quite yet . jake this be a flash - back ... you just happen to notice somebody try to drow himself . some young pink nobody ever hear of . and how 's this ? after you dry he out , you try to get he interested in stay dry ... Hell , you can recite that story backwards . and it 's lousy -- I can not get he interested in anything . everything 's a drag , man -- be a movie actor ? that just bore he to death ... he do not die , though ; no , he 's cure of that . he merely kick I rather sharply in the groin and walk away ... though offer a toast . speak of suicide . otterlake come on , skipper -- let 's go to the movie ... they start away together . CUT to : 96 the big room one group ( among all the group ) cluster around luca , or some other cineaste ... he 's hold up he pocket tape recorder . intercut : mix reaction from other cineast listen to the record voice . a earnest voice ( on the playback ) ... reflection of you attitude -- right , Mr. hannaford ? God be not dead -- ? jake' voice ( playback ) well , kid -- he 's certainly jewish . fresh angle : vogel what 's that about ? otterlake one of my tape . I have donate they to the cause . vogel tape -- from that book you be do ? 97 otterlake from the book we be not do ... I be the little corner store , abe , that have to give way to the supermarket . vogel you be the only big director who ever try to write about he . otterlake I have to stop try . vogel but you two be friend ... Close friend -- julie rich ( lurking at otter - lake 's shoulder ) that 's what interest I : just how close you be ... al abe , this be juliette Rich , the distinguished critic . abe Vogel , the dean of Hollywood agent ... miss Rich be do a '' study in depth '' -- and she 's so far down she 's get the bend . ( turn to the cineaste with the tape recorder ) what happen to the tape ? laughter ... otterlake grin and continue : 98 the cineaste I be change it . otterlake do not bother . I know all the material ... religion ? here it be , the Gospel accord to Jake : '' God the Gather be a old Jew invent by a lot of other old Jews in a hopeless attempt to put down the jewish mother . '' he say that 's what it 's all about -- the whole new scene ... even he movie -- julie rich ( cut in sharply ) how 's that again -- ? his mov -- otterlake ( cut she off in turn , very quickly ) the kid -- they be all turn on to her ... vogel the jewish mother ? more laughter ... total silence follow that ... the crowd be startle 99 otterlake ( Louis armstrong or flip Wilson ) God ? -- she sure be a mother -- ! julie rich ( unsmilingly ) you say about he mov -- jake ( now it 's he turn to cut she off ) we do not talk about the movie . by he sudden appearance , and also ( jake himself feel ) a bit dash by the abruptness of he tone ... he smile he most benevolent and priestly smile . try the Baron here ... under torture he might squeal a little . he write the script -- the baron so Mr. hannaford like to say -- this stop she dead in she track ... 100 julie rich ( to the baron ) then this be you idea -- ? the baron ( amiably blank ) what idea ? julie rich ( lose she cool a little , she have a hunch they be put she on ) do not pretend to be stupid . you be the brainy one in this famous club of yours -- or '' clan : or whatever you call it -- the baron it 's a highly informal organization . julie rich that tape we be hearing -- the subject be God ... be he a member ? jake she. 101 otterlake you hear the man , lady . julie rich I hear you imitate he . jake he do other people better . otterlake ( as Jack benny ) well -- it come to we Prophet in a blind flash of light , that Old mister White whisker have shot he last thunderbolt , so ... we be back where we start -- ( he own voice ) -- back to mamma . ( play to the gallery ) his word , mark you -- the last of the male chauvinist -- jack simon ( a sneer out of the shadow ) I like he as hannaford . that 's he beat . you have swear he be hannaford . otterlake ( with a icy smile ) that 's real nice , Jack -- come from you . jake intervene , patching up a nasty little moment between 102 the two young director . laughter and some applause ... jake we be all rule by the wind , be not we , lady ? so if the Lord be a lady , and God 's will be her will -- then we can relax , can not we ? and stop expect the universe to be logical . otterlake thus spaketh Jake . julie rich be slightly daze by all this glib recitation , but she make a quick , if slightly lopsided recovery . julie rich ( indicate otterlake ) and how do you disciple feel about the new film -- jake ( cut this subject off again ) he 's the apostle , lady . ( jake , of course , be put she on ; and otterlake play up to 103 it -- draw , as usual , on he power of memory and mimicry ) otterlake sure , just like St. Paul ... ( aside to jake ) I know the lyric for that one , too . ( in jake be voice ) Paul be a big man , y'know . he put it all together , package it -- ( in he own voice ) sound like a producer . ( as jake again ) well , kid , he get the final cut . Jesus be dead -- the subject be in public domain when old Paul dream up Christianity , and stick then '' anity '' into Christ -- jake as long as I be still twitching , brooksie -- you be not gonna stick it into I . julie rich do not fail to catch the veile aggression in this last ... 104 ( during this last mavis , otterlake 's young blonde have trip into scene bear a stiff drink for jake ) otterlake glance quickly at jake ... who be smile at julie with a air julie rich ( to jake ) be not that just what he 's do ? ... otterlake 's new picture be break the house record at the Music Hall , and when he own production company go public , they say he ’1ll walk away with forty million dollar ... otterlake and you will say I steal it all from Mr. hannaford ... i’1l never walk away from that . julie rich ( sibylline ) yes ... you two have to stick together . of perfect benevolence ... jake please do not tell we what you mean by that . 105 jack simon ( with a leer ) whatever it mean , you have not ought to be impertinent to a Apostle ... mavis ( with some petulance ) hey , this be a drag -- how do we get off into religion -- ? otterlake to get away from movie . ( back to julie ) the name of the game , lady . the baron ( pour a little oil on the troubled water ) we should get away from both . a mystery should be leave in peace . vogel ( a voice from the outly suburb of this group ) mystery -- ? miss rich think she have a smart answer to that one : 106 julie rich Games be only fun till someone lose . vogel ( irritate to find himself so much out of he depth ) what mystery ? otterlake ( smile at mavis ) I be a good loser , lady -- a lovely loser . ( to vogel ) movie and friendship ... that be mystery ... ( be there just a tiny sting in the last ?... anyway , he tone brighten abruptly ) and religion ... the Baron 's into that but also I know he material -- ( as the baron ) '' a mystery may reveal , it never explain . '' 107 julie rich like Mr. hannaford -- jake ( quickly , brightly ) right , sweetie . just like I and God . he start to go , but turn back for the curtain line : if it be not for the difference of sex , how could you tell we apart ? CUT to : 108 the film continue ... and now , another interruption : there be a low buzz of interest as jake 's shadow be cast upon the screen ... drink in hand , he take a chair at the side of the room and sit there watch ... from the SOUND - track he can hear he own voice ( pick up on the set by he own micro - phone -- speak from behind he own camera ) issue direction to the actor -- give quiet but insultingly obscene command to the actor JOHN dale by way of guide the erotic action ... ( the sequence be the one on the rusty wreck of a bed in the back - lot of the abandon movie studio ) ... suddenly a voice be hear in the projection room itself : the voice ( hoarsely vulgar ) we oughta be come soon to that shot where he walk off the picture ... huh , Mr. hannaford ?... 109 no reply to this from jake ... the voice in the audience persist -- another voice sure ; they get it all on filn , y‘know , ... I be there ; Jake go right on cranking : the whole thing -- where he march straight out of the studio bare - ass ... again , no comment from jake ... and now , as he sit watch it , we come to that moment in the action ( the girl 's scissors on the boy 's hair ) when JOHN dale jump up off the bed , stride through the mass of movie equipment , off the set and away ... jake' voice can be hear on the SOUND -track ( of the film ) order he camera - man not to cut ... a wave of half stifle laughter here in the projection room accom - pany this ... then a 110 ( contd . ) slightly embarrassed silence ... suddenly the screen go blank . a pause ... jake ( quietly ) let 's keep go . but nothing happen . in the shadow we can just make out jake as he turn a inquire look in the direction of the projectionist . then the door open ... but this time , no bright light be throw on the screen . all light , in fact , have be turn off , and what enter now through the door be a immense comic birthday cake -- a fabrication of film can crown with a perfect forest of kitchen candle . '' ohs ! '' and '' ah ! '' ( rather campily ) from the crowd ... the baron be in charge of ceremony ( the gag be clearly he ) ... 111 everyone gather in a circle around the mass of candle , they be big kitchen candle , far too numerous to blow out in the traditional single puff . the buzz and chatter trail away into silence ... the baron nobody be sure just how many candle ... jessel look like the Chicago fire . c.u. zarah ( inter - CUT with jake ) ( candle flame between they face and the lens ) zarah you should make a wish ... jake ( after a beat ) what for ? ( why be that faint shadow of pain in jake be eye ? ) inter -cut : jessel' attempted oration a voice ( boringly raucous ) better start blow -- ! 112 jack simon think you can make it , hannaford ? jake have catch julie' eye ... jake take a lotta blow -- I have say it 's a job for miss Rich . she will huff and she will puff , and she will blow the house down -- julie , exchange look with jake , take a puff at the candle -- none go out . laughter ... everybody start blow ... finally the last candle be out . the baron okay , let 's get back to the film ... a pause ... nothing happen . have something happen to the machine ? no , it 's a black - out -- the whole ranch be in darkness . voice '' we do not just blow out the candle , we blow out a fuse ! '' ... '' too many camera light -- it 's the generator -- he 's get he own out here ... '' 113 otterlake move next to jake as he come out of the projection room ... al ( ever the eager aspirant to full membership in the club ) close in from another direction . otterlake ( in one of he british voice ) by God , hannaford ! this will shake the chancellery of Europe ! al ( comically portentious ) this be no accident , otterlake , it 's sabotage . the '' sun-gun '' still work , of course . there be much flaring and glaring of this as jake , with mavis glue to he side , move through the dark , crowded room ... otterlake and al follow . otterlake ( another voice ) sabotage , eh? whom do you suspect -- that , er ... cineaste ? he indicate jack simon jake he would not know he cineaste from a hole in the ground . no , probably a midget with a grudge ... series of flash ( all over the darkened ranch ) 114 voice '' y'getting anything ? '' " not with color . '' " Black and white , maybe ...? '' " hey ! -- that South Americans -- they get ton of it . and otto ... '' " Black and white ? see how much we can borrow -- '' " how much 's 11 you pay ? '' " there 's a regular price -- '' " not tonight there will not be -- '' calb ( the handy - man ) have confess he inability to deal with break - down of the ranch 's generator , quickly organize a whole bunch of lamp and lantern from the stable . thus , we have be watch ( in a series of different angle ) the gradual re-illumination of the party ... jack simon saw you film ... otterlake you can not see anymore of it tonight . mavis ( look around for jake who have suddenly vanish ) why not ? fresh angle : 115 otterlake no light , no projection , dum dum ... ( to simon ) anyway , I do not make it . jack simon you will , kid , you will ... lemme tell ya what I think of it -- jack nicholson hey , how about that drive - in -- ? that last little town you pass on the way out here -- otterlake beautiful . find one of the stooge somebody they 'il listen to -- jack simon what 's wrong with you , kid ? you ’‘re the one that 's good at imitation -- mavis do Jack benny . otterlake ( with the same hard smile as before ) get we a drink , sweetie , go on -- two big one ... mavis retreat into the shadow ... 116 mavis how will I find you ? jack simon just look for hannaford , he glow in the dark . right , brooksie ? otterlake ( to simon ) what you imitate be he -- the man himself . you idea of he : the bullfight and the big game -- the whole macho bit ... jack simon the truth be , as a macho he be not all that much . he just like be with ‘em . that chest be not near as hairy as he have like you to think . you guy 's a big , pink lobster -- nothing 's really tough except the shell . otterlake now what ...? I ask you what 's so tough about you -- and you ask I if I would not like to find out ; and then we entertain the guest with a old - fashioned Hollywood first fight ? jack simon if that 's how you want it , kid . 117 otterlake Old -fashion be the word , all right ! even the way you do Jake -- maybe he be like that thurty year ago ... jack simon I ’‘1l give he forty year -- my Jake will still lick the shit outta he . jake have be overhear this ... now he step for - ward out of the shadow , push jack simon and ( with surprising speed ) rabbit punch he ... simon double up for a minute ; and at this , billy ( with equally surprising speed ) seize the opportunity to blackjack he senseless ... then , with a wick grin , he defuse he weapon , which turn out to be a ashtray wrap in a napkin . billy ( put the ashtray back on a table ) I be not even here . otterlake ( to billy ) what the hell do you do that for ? jake put a little extra zing in the old lobster 's clay brooksie . 118 music strike up bravely in the darkness . otterlake stare at he ... he turn and start away ... CUT to : jake ( contd . ) we would do the same for you . we imitation hannafords have get to stick together . PAT 's voice ( call ) what happen , Jake ? Dale -- ? jake what do you think ? who know ? johnny Dale , maybe . he could have snuck into the generator with he little monkey wrench ... billy Jake , I gotta talk to you ... jake sure , billy . first take care of the wounded while I say hello to mother . he go ... CUT to : 119 billy ( start away ) a couple wrangler can take he to the local first aid . we be donate he motorcycle to charity . otterlake I hope you be not proud of that , skipper . jake what do you think ? the library ( for the tv interview ) surrounded by otto 's skillful arrangement of candle , miss valeska be continue she ordeal : fiona okay , Zarah -- ! no romance ! voice ( 0.s. ) we be not roll . fiona ( after another heavy little silence ) I do wish you could bring yourself to open up on Jake just a little ... professionally at least -- 120 zarah hello ... her viewpoint : jake have come up behind the camera , and have be watch this last . jake we do not have much of a part , do we , beautiful ? intercut zarah and jake zarah we make just half of a picture together . jake in Austria , and what happen ? zarah Hitler -- that 's what happen . fiona he throw you out , Zarah ? jake miss Valeska throw he out -- eventually . the rest of we , of course , be in there behind she , I be way behind ... al but you do liberate the ritz . 121 jake her friend Ernest put in for that one -- but I be three bottle ahead of he . fiona ( who never give up ) pretend he be not here , darling -- let 's have the truth about he ... zarah ( after a beat ) every man contain within himself the whole condition of humanity . jake write that down , somebody . zarah somebody do . jake ( to fiona ) she give I the book . zarah Mr. hannaford always enjoy pretend to be ignorant . jake and spoil the present by tell I who give it to she . Mr. ossawottomie duluth -- ( this two be not so innocent as to have forget that the camera exist , but by now they honestly 122 fiona ( quickly , scent smut ) ossie -- ? jake the queer adore great woman . they like all woman . they be the only sex that do . fiona come on -- ! zarah ( turn to she ) true : real man never like we . Men only like man ... do not care about they . ) jake ( turn back to fiona as he get catch up in he theme ) and woman ... keep we away from each other -- zarah ah ... '' but if I cut he off , '' we ask ourselves , '' cut he off from all he good companion -- what will be leave of he ? '' ( pause ) '' a amputee , perhaps ? a emotional basket case ? '' 123 jake you chop away all the same ... a month 's silence . half a man be better than none . he move away ... a camera follow ... the voice of the tv people retreate as he leave they behind : otto 's voice ( the cameraman ; after a beat ) we start again ? fiona 's voice ( murderous ) you have not be shoot ? what about this other camera ? otto 's voice they be on they own , of course . fiona 's voice well , who the hell give they permission -- ? jake move to otterlake , take [ " break '' } the drink out of he hand ... jake ( after a beat ) who tell you I be break ? 124 otterlake well ... billy say you have lose the boat -- for a moment there 's a baleful look in jake 's eye as he look up from he drink . jake he do , do he ...? how about the roof over my head , brooksie , how dos that grab you ? otterlake the ranch -- ? jake out in the snow , kid -- over the hill ... and down Dale -- but let 's not ever speak of master John Dale , shall we ? ever . otterlake ( cover he extreme discomfort with a flare of temper ) Dale -- ! that 's what really bug you , be not it ? with all you trouble -- Jesus , what 's one lousy lead man ? jake less than the dust , kid , from my chariot wheel . 125 otterlake I all drink to that -- jake ( stare into he glass ) you 'il never catch up with I . otterlake that 's what I be tell ... jake raise he eye to he ... otterlake may have expect some slight acknowledgement of this delicate compliment , but jake ' 's look be curiously withdraw , and almost sly . jake cute ... very cute . music again ... ( alter - nately , flamenco and New Orleans jazz ) . it continue throughout the follow : CUT to : the library the slate boy take twenty - three . 126 he leap nimbly out of scene ... miss valeska 's candle still glow enchantingly between the flower ... but no miss valeska ! fiona she 's go ! otto sun-gun ...! script girl well ... maybe she ’1ll be back . otto ( deep over - lap ) I would not use a light like that on miss Valeska ... fiona ( under hear breath ) what could a light do to she -- ? she 's have so many face lift , she 's ready to choke ...! reverse angle : zarah in the doorway . silence ... all the knock CUT to : fight be out of fiona . 127 fiona ( 0.s. ) ( contd . ) ( appeal to she crew ) all I do be mention the word " sex " ... zarah there be not any . fiona ( floundering ) I be sorry , I ... zarah you mean with Mr. hannaford , I suppose . ( make a simple statement ) there be not ever ... no sex at all . 128 [ " mafia 2 + 3 '' ] the terrace maggie have succeed in intercept jake and move he toward a gather of the clan . maggie frankl 's here -- he just get in from Texas ... billy ( enter scene from another direction ) I bring that teacher , Jake ; I get he wait at the pool ... jake stop in front of hymie frankl ( a long - time , part - time member of the organization ) . frankl lousy , awful trip ... jake ( turn to billy ) and you -- ? billy ( startle ) Jake ! I just tell you ... jake ( quietly ) that 's keep you busy -- just collect school - teacher ? 129 ( billy hope he rueful grin will signal a reminder to jake that he 's also be occupy with simon ... but there 's no indication that this register . ) frankl ( plaintively ) hey , can I please get myself something to eat ? jake do not they feed you , joey ? matt all they do on airplane be feed you . frankl turbulence ... jake ( cheerfully ) you throw up ? give he some candy , billy . billy ( patiently ) I do not '' collect '' the teacher , Jake , he meet I at the screen -- he stop . he know the answer ... al be behind he . 130 jake ( quickly , quietly ) with Max -- ? frankl look , Jake , that oil guy , they want no part of we . jake ( after a short silence , cheerfully ) neither do Max -- right , billy ? the baron ( join the group ) Max David -- ? frankl that dirty crook -- who need he ? maggie we do ... 131 al Max ? -- he 's so crooked he 's get rubber pocket so he can steal soup . he look around -- not really hope for a laugh and certainly , not get it ... they turn to find he stand nearby ... matt we best chance be that oil money ... billy and otterlake -- what about he ? otterlake yes , what about I ? al ( a lightning quick cover - up ) brooksie ! -- we just wonder if you know about the drive - in ? billy ( chime in ) yes , we be screen the rest of the -- jake ( cut they off ) he 's see the movie -- 132 otterlake not everything . billy ( with he nervous little laugh ) well , we do not have everything ... otterlake ( smoothly ) leave it to Jake . pretty soon you will have too much . billy you bet ! we have have we trouble before ... otterlake ( arrange a exit ) get you a drink , skipper ? jake ( acknowledge the tact ) thanks , brooksie . maggie ( when otterlake have leave , lower - ing she voice ) at Max 's studio he 's the golden -haire boy , be not he -- 133 matt he 's get he own company ... billy tied in with Max -- maggie that 's what I mean , billy -- jake ( look at billy ) he blow it , maggie ... must be all that candy he eat . billy I -- ? matt ( to billy ) you be the one with Max -- where be he ? billy not here , that 's where he be -- ! ( get a bit querulous ) -- and what the hell 's the candy get to do with it ? jake , lift another long drink , look at billy with he most sweetly patient , sacerdotal smile ... 134 jake could be it 's soften you brain , uncle . billy it 's for the sugar ... since I get off that stuff ... his eye be on jake 's drink ... he anger make it possible to screw up he courage and mention a very delicate matter : and speak of which ... jake ( who know billy be about to be censor - ious about the liquor ) cut in swiftly knock he off balance : jake be not very smart , y’know -- poor - mouth like that in front of otterlake . know who he be , billy ? billy of course I do -- I have see he picture -- frankl Big hit , both of ‘em -- 135 jake ( to matt ) tell he who he be , uncle . matt brooksie 's old man own half the tree in Canada . jake and y'know what billy tell he ? he tell he we be in trouble . billy well , be not we ? jake turn back to give he another steady , almost pity look . jake ( very patiently ) when we talk poor to the rich , William , they jump to conclusion . they think we be get ready for a touch . maggie ( hushed ) and that 's what we be do ? jake that could have be the general idea -- till uncle billy louse it up on we . 136 poor billy turn away ... pister ( lurching out of the shadow ) Mr. hannaford -- PAT no more question , junior -- pister as it happen , I do one of the earliest really positive critical appraisal -- maggie well , horray for you . pister well , he 's bound to feel some gratitude -- jake brooksie otterlake 's a chum ... ( gently , friendly -- but with a delicate hint of severity ) we do not hustle we chum for dough , kid . we be kinda strict about that . 137 a tiny silence ... pister ( dumbfounded ) but , Mr. hannaford -- ! jake yes , kid ? pister Excuse I , but ... do not I just hear you say -- jake ( patting pister gently on the cheek ) always remember ... that you heart be God 's little garden ... he smile at he and amble off into the darkness ... the other trail along after he or drift away in different direction -- except for matt who move threateningly up to the flabbergasted pister : matt that tape recorder run -- ? pister no ... 138 matt good . pister but there be a camera somewhere ... matt turn sharply and squint suspiciously into the shadow ... see nothing , he give pister another dirty look and leave ... zimmer 's voice do not let it bother you ... fresh angle : pister , turn near - sightedly in the direction of the voice , find zimmer stand just behind he ... zimmer study a man like Jake hannaford -- that 's a experience . do not you miss it . stick with the job . ( drop he voice to a tone at once confiden - tial and reassure ) eat a little shit , Mr. pister ... CUT to : 139 another part of the terrace stand , rather uncertainly , in front of jake be doctor burroughs . ( if he have be bear earlier , doctor burroughs would have be the last man in town to give up spat : ) billy Mr. hannaford -- Doctor Bradley pierce burrough -- burroughs pease . jake ( with he brightest smile ) pease ? burroughs Bradley pease burrough . ( nervous laugh ) not that it matter ! ( hold out he hand ) how do you do , sir . billy the Doc here be a professor of English literature in the framistan board Academy for boy -- burroughs ( correct he ) clivedale -- that 's the name of the school ... 140 billy he also teach dramatics . burroughs ( merrily ) and who do you think be my star pupil ? but of course , we know he then as '' oscar '' -- jake oscar ? billy ( with a leer ) tell about aunt Daisy -- with the funny hat . burroughs be become increasingly aware of the camera . burroughs I do not know that they be funny ... billy she raise he , you tell I -- and ever since the first day he could walk -- CUT to : reverse angle : zarah valeska stand apart watch the curious little scene at some distance . another angle : maggie and matt CUT back to scene : burroughs treat jake a smile compound of pity and 141 zarah valeska ( to otterlake ) what 's the point of this ? matt 's voice ( 0.s . ) --. put on show . all dress up in auntie 's gowns and hat and dress -- matt ( to maggie ) and the way Dale tell it , he do not even want to be a actor ... maggie sure ; that be supposedly Jake 's idea -- he practically force he ... burroughs 's voice ( 0.s. ) down there in acapulco ...? jake' voice ( 0.s . ) yes , what be he do ? I mean , besides get stone -- to 142 c.u. burroughs ( cont 'd ) affection for he old student and the assurance that jake will be understanding . burroughs ( meaningfully ) he make the trip just to see you ... wider angle : jake .--. and the change of name ? burroughs for that , I be afraid , we will have to blame oscar wilde . jake do go on , Doctor . burroughs well -- we have this teacher ... it be one of that unpleasant little scandal ... CUT to : reverse angle zarah ... she turn away . maggie and otterlake jake' voice ( 0.s . ) this teacher be a faggot ? CUT to : jake and burroughs 143 burroughs 's voice ( 0.s. ) well ... otterlake do all this matter ? maggie ( thoughtfully ) I think it do to Jake ... burroughs Mr. hannaford ... burroughs , increasingly uneasy about all this busy camera surround he , cough and purse he lip . the story concern my school : I be in no position to publish abroad a petty -- jake ( over - lap ) publish and be damned , Doctor . look -- they have run out of film -- you can speak off the record ... this last be accompany by a quick glance ( almost a wink ! ) into the lens of the second camera which be follow ... a brief silence -- 144 burroughs be still flushed with the excitement of be the center of all this attention , but by now he 's feel quite nervous about the particular turn this multi-media interview be take . jake give he he steady '' man to man '' look : ( a good equivalent to the straight arm on the shoulder ) . burroughs Dale himself be in no way involved ; but among the boy , there be a good deal of morbid conversation , I be afraid , on unhealthy subject . as you can imagine -- the name '' oscar '' ... jake ( in a tone of the most perfect warmth and understanding ) what happen to that teacher ? burroughs we let he go , of course . jake ( still gently , but close the trap ) let he go ? what about the police ? 145 burroughs ( startle ) the police ? the poor man be sick , Mr. hannaford . jake that young boy -- they be not sick when he finish with ‘em ? ( harden ) that 's a prison offense , be not it -- how many minor do you have to corrupt ? burroughs ( shocked ) I hope you be not worried about Dale ... jake you think I should be ? burroughs would not that depend , Mr. hannaford , on you own personal interest ? jake ( after a very short beat ) what be you drive at , burrough ? burroughs why , nothing ... 146 jake ( cut he off ) I be just he director , not he aunt Daisy . burroughs and I be just he English teacher ! ( a self - conscious little laugh ) jake look at he for a moment ... ( he 's allow the scene to get a little out of control ; now he 's go to get back on top ) . jake ( with the hannaford smile ) right ! burroughs ( pull himself together ) but certainly , he have every reason to be grateful to you ... ( archly ) and I be sure that some day , when one of he fine performance get the Academy Award , you will be grateful to he . 147 jake ( straight into camera ) notice how careful he be not to refer to it as a '' oscar . '' ( back to burroughs ) Doctor , would you care for a dip ? burroughs a dip ...? in the pool ? what a grand suggestion ! jake ( turn away ) a little more hootch should be helpful -- I 'il be right with you . burroughs good ... good . and where do I change ? jake ( turn back ) here , Dr. burrough , in the sight of God ; I will not even peek . burroughs ( absorb this ) yes ... I suppose all school teacher be prig . jake I suppose so . prig and queer . 148 burroughs ( archly ) now , now , Mr. hannaford -- jake now , now , Dr. burrough -- cu : otterlake his reaction to this curious little charade ... CUT to : 149 another room somewhere in the house C U : zarah valeska jake' voice Big birthday surprise , eh , beautiful ? he have just enter the scene ... billy and maggie follow . pause ... maggie she do not know the latest ... ( to zarah ) remember the way they meet -- when Jake pull Mr. John Dale out of the water ? the famous would - be suicide -- zarah ( flatly ) would - be suicide ought to be treat like drunk . billy ( break in ) would - be suicide , hell : -- jake I be con , mother , it be a fake -- zarah and it turn out that he do not belong to you ? 150 jake ' 's smile go a little blank . maggie ( antagonize ) belong -- ? zarah the old chinese business , remember ? you save a life -- you own that life . jake finder keeper ? zarah do you care ? jake Care ? we be free for a change , eh , uncle Bill ...? now we will have some fun . billy smile gratefully ... maggie be irritate : maggie ( to zarah ) Jake be not a chinaman -- jake '' chinese , '' maggie -- no , and the kid be not a suicide . he be ... a actor . 151 he make the last word sound obscene ... zarah can not help but notice that he eye be glaze to avoid scrutiny , he step behind a screen and finish undress ... zarah ( cut she off ) we do not own people . maggie he be not drown -- he be audition . zarah or disown they . that boy do not run away from you . he be throw away . maggie and sweet Holy Jesus , what a relief ! like get rid of a bad tooth -- right , Jake ? jake a monkey on my back -- he have step out from behind the screen ( dress now in a terry - cloth bath - robe ) ... zarah 's look have stop he . that mean a drug habit , in case you do not know , mother ... sure -- something you gotta kick . and my foot be get sore ... 152 zarah how will you finish it ? jake finish what ? he 's all wash up , mother -- zarah the picture ... be not that what matter ? jake we will finish it ; eh , maggie ? maggie without the kid ? billy we do have that footage of he bring the clothes to she ... through all that wind -- maggie to the girl ? jake ( after another beat , unfocuss ) what about she ? julie rich 's voice ( 0.s . ) yes , what about she ? julie rich come into scene . enter the baron ... 153 julie rich we be all ... interested . ( another beat ) jake he be not . julie rich neither be you ... she do not interest you at all . funny , be not it ? maggie a scream . julie rich I mean , look at the record -- the big starmaker 's never be so big female -- the baron ( hold up a length of iron pipe ) present for you ... not from I -- Zimmer . there 's a card . jake ( he back turn , he eye on zarah ) Zimmie ? we oughta have a drink with Zimmie ... 154 the baron you fire he . jake I always fire he . ( turn to the baron ) anyway , on my birthday I give the present . the baron it 's some kind of gag -- ( he sigh ) we know ... you make the gag , too . jake ( look at the pipe ) he tell I where I can stick it ? the baron it 's for that plastic John dale that he make for you . julie rich thing would have be different , would not they , if Dale have be she lover -- ? matt ( look in at the door ) I get a early day , Zarah , it 's be a lovely party ... 155 julie rich ( still zoom in on jake ) you could not manage that -- it rather spoil the pattern , do not it ? matt what 's this pattern shit ? julie rich the big boss can tell you -- he know how it go -- how it 's suppose to go ... matt ( after a beat ) well , I be go home -- what 's that thing ? maggie ( half to herself , angrily turn away ) Zimmie 's joke -- ! jake speak of present ... jake have be rummage in a drawer . he bring something out and , turn with it , be hault again by matt 's voice read from zimmer ' 's '' birthday card '' : 156 matt ( read ) '' have a go at the dummy , Jake -- they break even more easily than people . '' after a moment 's pause , jake turn again and move out to -- the big room intercut : reaction shot ( including the actress ) jake ( make a announcement ) gentlemen -- and lady ... the clot of camera thicken quickly around he ... we be present a award ... to the other half of '' the other side of the wind '' ... the better half . a glint of alcohol in he eye , he move toward the actress . a bone for Pocohontas ... the crowd watch in uneasy silence ( the actress very cool ) ... he pause for effect . his eye move to the actress . 157 jake ( contd . ) a little curio we pick up somewhere -- a bit of we own paleface craftsmanship : a indian bone ... the inscription go back before all this be movie country . just after the gold be find . the redskin population drop pretty quickly then -- ten year and ninety thousand of ‘em just ... disappear . well , in that good old day , we gallant honkey pioneer use to cut themselves some head off indian skull and pickle the ear in whisky for souvenir -- and on bone , like this one , they like to write cute little joke -- ( read the inscription ) '' I be off the reservation at last . '' and so you be , my dear ... he lay the bone down on a table next to she quite gently , and speak quite lightly . CUT to : we think you might want to give this to you lead man -- right up he ass . 158 series of short scene ( improvised ) between carious type ... include some notable celebrity . all this ( like everything else ) be record by the documentary camera- crew , and also video-freaks ) ... as the party continue , the generation gap be underscore by the choice of intoxicant . guest anywhere near hannaford 's age be , of course , mostly on booze ... jake himself be quietly put it away in fairly homeric quantity ... at this stage , he certainly be not sober . ( the dwarve be frankly drunk ) ... 159 the gun room a fine array of trophy , a magnificent gun collection and many frame photograph ( group on safari and convivial gathering aboard the hannaford yacht ) . al be study one of the picture . it show a handsome young man tensely profile in front of some batter target and clay pigeon . al who 's the joker with the cigarette ? the baron miguel -- he be the best of all . al best of what ? the baron we bullfighter , right , Jake ? we follow he for a while all over Spain . al ( to jake , who have just enter with otterlake ) that 's you , aim the gun at he in the shoot gallery ... 160 jake another birthday , kid . and what a party that be -- no movie buff or bum , no spy or spook . just pay - up member of the Club . al ( read the sign - ture on the photo ) miguel ortega ? the baron the best . al do not he get kill ? jake yep . otterlake ( grin as he continue to study the photograph ) I hope you be not responsible for that . jake I just get that one shot at he , brooksie , and I miss . 161 the baron cbut he get the cigarette . ( he start out the door ) there be never any brave . al ( follow the baron ) not in a shoot gallery . jake no , he do not look too good in there . otterlake I guess he do not quite trust you -- ( he break off , with a quick change of tone ) Drop that gun , skipper . jake have indeed , pick out a rifle from he gun collection . if you be plan to celebrate this birthday on I just -- jake this be the one that hurt , brooksie ... ( otterlake be so good at dead - pan a gag that we almost wonder if he do imagine the old man be propose some sort of lunatic duel ? ) 162 jake look up at he , as the young director rise abruptly to he foot . silence ... otterlake skipper -- jake ( cut he off ) this be the scene we both hope that we would never get to . and I do not think it 's go to play . not even for comedy . he raise the gun and sight along it , point out the window --. he pull the trigger . it click . the gun be empty . he lower it , and turn , faintly smile to otterlake ... a short silence ... then : otterlake how much longer do you need ? jake how much longer have you get ? otterlake try to answer ... jake get up and lean the gun against the wall . silence ... silence ... 163 jake ( contd . ) hey -- remember when you first appear on that location of mine up in Bolivia ? what be it -- just three year ago ? otterlake ( force a chuckle ) I do not even have the fare back home , just a second -hand tape recorder that I could not work -- jake a raggedy - ass kid ... otterlake skipper ... jake yeah ? otterlake that forty million that be mention ... jake I know , kid ; let I finish you line for you . it 's still only a distant hope ... how 's that for dialogue ? 164 he grin at he and move into the bathroom . jake' voice ( from the bathroom ) you might just lean a little on Max David ... you do the lean , he 's gotta give . otterlake I do set up the screen -- jake' voice so you do ... he hate every frame -- otterlake he be confuse ... jake' voice sure . otterlake he 's a idiot , Jake . you know that . they be all idiot . jake' voice he 's you idiot . otterlake up to a point . jake' voice do not be pompous , kid ... not that I do not understand . you make the company all that loot . Christ know I do not . 165 otterlake do not think I be not go to put up a fight about it . I will . jake come to the door . jake look at he ... he start raise the gun ... CUT to : jake but you do not want to . otterlake I do not want to have to listen to Max and the rest of that stupid sod turn you down ... we will find a way ... you know that , do not you ? jake do not give up the ship , davey ...? otterlake I be not -- ! jake do not I tell you -- ? this scene will never play ... 166 the row of dummy on the rock ( place earlier in neat arrangement by zimmer ) ... the head of one of they be suddenly hit by a bullet and destroy . intercut : jake at the window firing ... the terrace the actress sit alone on one of they . ( we be across the pool from the fire line where the dummy be still get blow to smithereen by the sportsman in the window of the gun room . ) higgam enter scene . higgam ( out of sort ) I have be look for you ... she turn to look at he . higgam ( contd . ) you boss send I -- c.u. : the actress not like that word " boss " ... higgam 's voice ( 0.s. ) I be suppose to give you this -- 167 two shot favoring higgam : holding out a gun ... the actress another present ? higgam how do I know ? he just tell I that he think you 'il know how to use it . rising and take the gun from he , she look dangerous ... higgam beat a hasty retreat . she then raise the gun , turn to aim it directly away from the row of dummy ... jake' at the window his eye be on the actress otterlake ( from a place of safety ) who 's she aim at ? jake ( after a beat ) I . a shot ring out , and the lantern nearest to jake shatter to piece . 168 otterlake hey -- ! jake ( fall into the hammy style of they game ) otterlake -- we never should have issue firearm to the native . another shot ! and another lantern break . the group be practically black out . the actress she turn she gun slightly , take careful aim -- the dummy on the rock : get they plaster head blow off !! intercut : jake , otterlake and the baron each with a gun , fire blithely away ... series of shot : reaction from various guest a quick flash : doctor burroughs mother naked , scuttling frantically out of range of the fly bullet . billy she 's nut ! she 's go to wreck the whole damn party -- 169 zarah valeska Jake 's do that already . CUT to : suddenly -- out of the blackness , a bolt of bright raspberry color lightning (!!!) reveal the hannaford ranch , the western landscape surround it , and dr . burroughs , crouch behind cactus , a tremble nude ... the scattered dummy on the rock look like a over - expose negative of some unthinkable massacre ... the lightning change color -- luridly , repeatedly , and the night be hideously assault with noise . what have commence , of course , be a display of firework . a important display -- if a bit in spirit ... guest be surprised in various attitude and position ... 170 a mighty boom (!!! ) from some larger and louder firework . pister what be that ? otterlake ( as patton ) artillery . the heavy stuff . a new -- a really terrific detonation !!! the women-folk 's all safe in the stockade ? pister ( just beginning to dig ) one of they 's be shoot at I -- the roof tiny figure , like demon from hell , can be see on top of the house scuttling madly about in the smoke and flame ... CUT to : the front of the ranch house otterlake ( he blimp character ) my God , hannaford -- there be lot of they -- little man up there -- shoot Roman candle on the roof ! quick flash : guest reacting ... 171 otterlake ( contd . ) ( change voice ) veteran troops , old boy -- neo-realistics . ( another voice ) and the grand , old New Wave , sir . they 's 1ll never give up ! ( spook or bored , put off or turn on -- accord to age group and individual temperament ) ... more flash : explode bouquet of light ... wheel of color flame .. of white fire ... al look -- that sweet old lady in the tennis shoe -- pister ( look wildly around ) where ? al ( sharply correct he ) y’mean who . 172 al ( contd . ) ( then , with lower voice -- confidentially ) Governor Reagan -- that 's who ! otterlake ( rapid transition from guardsman to kiplingesque Tommy ) blimy -- ! this be ruddy war ! al ( as a newscaster ) approach by a video-freak with a indecent suggestion ( just as he be sneaking over the State line ) Ronald 's wig slip . ( aside to jake ) be he still Governor , governor ? otterlake ( grim ) whatever he be , ronnie 's decreed a state of emergency and throw himself on the mercy of Central caste . another tremendous explosion ! al ( turn to the bewilder pister to issue a grave warning ) they be bring up they symposium ... 173 al ( contd . ) ( into he ear , with urgency ) critical appraisal , pister -- in depth . otterlake ( voice change ) the rot have set in , pister . five of we own best biographer have go over to preminger . ( another change ) they shall be stripped of they footnote . another burst of fire - work ... something huge -- pister ( in a tight c.u . ) no , really -- ! something seem to have catch fire -- otterlake ( Nixon ) extremist from the Film Institute -- they have wrap themselves in the grand old silver nitrate celluloid , and set themselves aflame . al but what of Jane fonda ? otterlake ( a gentle pious confidence to pister ) she 's watch we , kid -- up there ... so magnetic be he personality -- or so 174 befuddle in he victim -- that pister actually glance for a moment at the fiery heaven . billy and the baron al now it can be tell : at the outset of hostility , Saint Jane be burnt at the stake ... otterlake ( yet another voice ) she have appear since on Dick cavett , and twice , ina vision , to Duke Wayne . they have be join now by a interested Scottish film critic . the scottish film critic fond of firework , be he ? the baron ( more interested than distress ) Mr. hannaford ? he adore they ... the scottish film critic ( he eye now on the roof ) and that technician -- be they really professional ? billy professional ? they be midget ! 175 the scottish film critic ( make the sound of one who hope he have understand everything ) ah ... the parking space in front of the ranch otterlake have one of that battery - power megaphone use on movie set . he be direct it upwards towards the beleaguere ranch house ... otterlake '' antinyoneeyeyonee - oh !! " pister what ? otterlake the war-cry . they be drop over burbank like ripe plum -- al ( under he breath to pister ) pass it along -- godard have just set up a government - in -exile in pomona . a deafen explosion -- a blind flash of red light !!! otterlake well , if bascalucci do not surrender now -- the whole sky have now 176 al ( correct he chief ) bertolucci . otterlake ( expansively ) slice he how you want he , he 's gonna be one spicy meatball . turn fiercely scarlet . otterlake raise a pair of binocular to study the field . otterlake ( contd . ) ( yet another voice -- the Voice of doom ) Wayne himself -- now a barefoot friar -- have just be arrest for denigrate all over a daughter of the american Revolution ! jessel be demand equal time . fresh angle : jake have move ahead ; be see climb into brand - new sport car . 177 he can a beautiful , otterlake ( contd . ) ( in he own voice , to al ) I wonder if we leader have any idea who that belong to -- al ( lowering he voice as some other people start move down the step toward the parking lot ) he buy it ... otterlake ( incredulous ) what -- ? al it be go to be for Dale -- otterlake wow . al we be not give much salary , so he would have get that as a bonus when he finish the picture . 178 otterlake he do not , so he do not ... al and that 's the way it be . cronkite be hastily abandon as otterlake start towards jake . let he go -- he drive like a maniac when he 's sober . otterlake ah , but here 's a lady tell we that we have gotta stick together ... Jake and I -- he 's refer , of course , to julie rich who have come forward out of the ranch house and be steadily approach ... julie rich Close -- very close . otterlake too late now , he get away from I ... he start toward the car ( al move off toward he ) ... then otterlake stop -- 179 he turn ... and move back to she . otterlake ( contd . ) and what the hell be that about ? julie rich the farther you be apart , the harder it will be to hide . jake start up the sport car with a great roar and some erratic clash of gear ... swerve wildly into the main road ... and race off toward the drive - in theatre . otterlake now what could we be hide from you , lady ? julie rich from yourselves -- how much you really hate each other . deathly silence ... in the background , al be see to raise he megaphone ( he have decide -- mistakenly -- to continue with another gag ) . 180 al ( newscast over he loud-hailer ) now here 's a late bulletin -- marlon brando ( who , by the way , folk -- be not pregnant ) have go underground and be do splendid work for all of we under the name of Tokyo Rose . he have quite a audience now among the park car in front of the ranch , but nobody laugh ... after a short pause he lower the megaphone and turn to look at otterlake : Chin up , brooksie , they have not get we yet ! another pause ... otterlake you have get it wrong , lady . julie rich yes ? otterlake yes , just slightly wrong . CUT to : 181 the baron what happen to Jesus ? the scottish film critic Jesus -- ? the critic be take care that nothing shall escape he attention : billy 's distress by now be move towards despair ; but the elderly hungarian , as always , be indestructably urbane . billy he 's stone out of he head -- the baron ( to the critic ) a mexican chum of ours . almost blind , but he still make we firework . billy forty year with j.j. hannaford , and the old fart still do not know any English ! there v.p. : a primitive pyrotechnical set piece in letter of fire it proclaim : fff fff ff ffl E eth h4 + fff fff ff ffl E eth h4 + hapy birday fff fff ff ffl E eth h4 + fff fff ff ffl E eth h4 + 182 the drive -in theatre the last act begin ( as do act two ) with -- a blank movie screen stand lonely in the desert country , it jump out of the darkness under the sudden swoop of head - light ... then -- hannaford's film be projected the image pale at first under the headlight of arrive car . there be not too many of this ( not too many have be tell about this emergency screen ) . now the film proceeds formally , and without interruption ... 183 a title : meanwhile —— back at the ranch ... a flashlight 's beam , crossing a few remnant patch of the birthday party , have come to rest on a piece of black illustration board . upon this , in the style of a old silent movie title , some wit have scrawle the word we have just be read ... we be , indeed , back the ranch , and in -- the big room among the litter , a idle scatter of photographer be still idiotically photograph each other ... the guest be stone , discursive of both . somebody snatch the illustration board from somebody else . voice '' hey , who give you that ? it 's part of the story board . '' " the what ? '' " come on -- I 'il show you ... '' the '' story board room '' we have be in this room before -- 184 the '' story board room '' ( cont 'd ) -- catch glimpsis of the drawing on the wall during one or another of the lamp - light conversation ... the sketches be for set-up to be photograph for hannaford 's film . this illustrate the action ... intercut close shot of this be intercut with the film itself ( be show on the screen of the drive - in - theatre ) and with the follow dialogue ... from a tape recorder come a unaccompany flamenco lament . maggie and billy be do they valiant best to explain they sketches to a small group of truth -seeker . higgam 's voice --. this old man be hide -- spying on she ? al' voice yes , but then she chase he , remember ? maggie 's voice he finally hole up in some old wreck of a movie prop -- PAT 's voice ( break in ) and now she 's push all this crazy shit around , you see -- try to close the guy in , when a whole lot more of it collapse -- 185 billy 's voice that 's be work out . PAT 's voice so now this character be trap -- al' voice but then we hear he voice -- higgam' voice the sing ? PAT 's voice Old manolito -- Jake always try to get he a job . billy ( on camera ) but he will not play the part -- maggie ( on camera ) it will not be any midget , either . pister ( the intelligent truth - seeker ) but who be he ? 186 maggie see the movie ... the film : the voice continue off - screen : pister what do he represent ? PAT aw , just some screwy old squatter out there in the back - lot of a studio -- della but what 's he do in the story -- ? maggie you 'il have to ask Mr. hannaford . jacqueline but will he tell we ? silence ... the film continue : ( the actress on the screen alone ) ... jacquelineas voice how about ask she -- ? hannaford ’s_ film continue ... 187 pister 's voice ( under he breath ) what if ... he 's hannaford -- hannaford himself ? billy voice do not be nut . intercut : the film itself and various group watching it . sometimes we can see this people -- mostly they be voice over the film ... we be in -- the drive -in theatre higgam' voice let 's back up a little -- the wind it 's blow the old movie set to piece . danny's voice the whole world maybe ... 188 klee's voice ( over -lap ) it 's just a wreck job , there be machine -- roger 's voice and what about that blood on she ...? klee 's voice blood ? ossie 's voice her body -- black cineasteas voice whatever we be suppose to think , there 's death in it ... the baron 's voice my dear fellow ... black cineaste 's voice man , that 's all it be -- death it 's just purely what he 's all about -- CUT to : a_group_ gathere around the black cineasteas car ... black cineaste ( on camera ) like Simon say , under the shell he 's all mushy ... 189 the baron that 's mushy talk , brother . the black cineaste ( to the other , indicate the baron ) who 's he ? another cineaste ( pink ) '' the Baron '' -- that 's what they call he . ossie well , he be a baron . klee and he 's on all the credit for Jake 's screenplays . the baron ( ice-cool , with no trace of self - pity ) I muse Mr. hannaford . he have curious pleasure -- ossie oh ? we would like to hear some more about that curious pleasure ... 190 the baron Games . he like to play game ... I be a writer who stop write one afternoon in budapest in nineteen twenty nine . do I have a camera ? all through the evening people have be forget the camera , or try to , or pretend - ing to try ... now the baron be actually look for one . I be prepare to make a limited declaration . ( he pause , get he thought together ) this famous ... old lion of yours -- he be not what you think , you know . ossie who call he a lion for God 's sake ? jacqueline lion be cat . chabrol say he 's a cat -- chabrol Jake be a cat that walk like a bear . 191 black cineaste or a lobster -- ? that walk like a crab , sidewise ... the baron you make the mask . tear it off now and what will you find ? -- another mask . or you own face ... ossie another mask ? the baron you own face , perhaps . manny a trick -- do with mirror ... sorry go on , Baron . what 's the answer ? danny a magician do not give any answer -- the baron I have call he a necromancer . but I do not know if he have raise the dead . the drive - in 192 jake , in the sport car , sit watch the film ... otterlake , stand not far away , turn to another car , as it pull to a stop ... silence ... the film continue ... otterlake ( indicate the screen ) dad 's do it again , have not he ? " be-dimm would the noon - tide sun ; call have forth the mutinous wind . by he so potent art ... but this ... rough magic he here abjure -- " ( change of tone ) take back the last : it do not fit ... jake what do '' abjure '' mean ? you go to Harvard . otterlake '' give - up -- '' jake that 's a suggestion ? 193 otterlake ( to the other ) '' abjure '' -- give up ... he know what it mean . jake I give up on the seventh grade . otterlake never . not even then ... and I do not learn my Shakespeare in Harvard . jake ( to the other ) Mr. otterfield want to be a actor -- then he see one of my movie -- we all read the interview ... otterlake ( to the other ) it can also be state that we be not break any magic wand ... ( no reaction from the listen group in the car . ) wand ... you have hear the Baron on that subject ? '' every man need two -- he own and a good one . '' he will be hang onto he for awhile longer -- jake hang onto you own , baby -- just for once . a long silence ... CUT to : 194 otterlake ( camp ) he be a rough magician , be not he ? what do I do wrong , daddy ? '' we revel now be end ... " ? jake you bet you sweet cheek . 195 the actress she sit alone , watch the film ... ( intercut : the film ) jake' car juliette rich have nudge she way past otterlake and stand next to jake , who sit still at the wheel of he open car ... she stand there look at he ... there have be the mute noise of a expensive car come to a stop . ( per - hap we catch a glimpse of it in the background ) ... now , suddenly , julie rich start back , startle , as jake , with that feline agility of he which can be so sur - prise , jump out of the car . the last lurking camera crew follow he as he move over to : zarah' car the film 's sound - track fill the pause as this two legendary figure , this famous friend confront each other ... jake hey , beautiful ... 196 the banal word of the greeting seem to carry the vibration of many year of affectionate repitition . jake ( contd . ) go so soon ...? zarah do not speak . be not much fun for you , be it ...? --. goddam midget ... zarah they be friend of yours ? jake just bring ‘em along for laugh , mother . zarah I see . jake caste call ... some cockamamy notion that the Old man oughta be a dwarf . in the movie ... do not you think it 's better if we never see he ? her eye have go to the distant screen ... for a moment we share she viewpoint : 197 then -- back to scene : jake' voice ( 0.s . ) that go for we all , do not it -- all the old man ... back to scene jake wait ... zarah make no comment . now he make a sour little joke ( a faint note of something close to defensiveness which we have never hear from he before ) . jake Heard but not see , huh ? and for the sex department ... work quickly and always in the dark . he realize that this have fall very flat ... even before he 's aware that otterlake be stand at he side . otterlake ( comic japanese ) so sorry , Sarah -- ( as himself ) I be afraid we leader be a little piss . 198 jake she do not like you , kid : that 's why she give the party . she do not figure I get quite enough exposure from the young generation just from you ... but I do , you know . I get quite enough . a short , tense silence ... then otterlake turn and leave ... silence again between this two ... and now , in the film , the lament wind be conquer by the song of the old man ... jake ( contd . ) that 's old manolito . we find he together ... in Spain , remember ...? she go on listen for just a while longer to the old gypsy 's song ... hey , beautiful , could not we fix it to see each other just a little bit less seldom . zarah with a old friend , it 's quite enough to feel he 's there -- like Gibraltar or the eiffel Tower ... jake absorb this for moment . then she continue : 199 jake thanks , mother ... zarah durability -- it can be rather fragile . sometimes , to keep that feel we need to keep we distance . a the bad thing be to find out that a friendship be between a couple of other people . say goodnight for I to you actress . intercut : the actress jake ( still try to keep it bright ) she 's not too happy with we , either ... well -- she be pretty good in there with the gun . 200 julie rich she do not shoot at the dummy -- jake do not turn at she approach : he go on look at zarah . jake ( the faint , hopeful smile be still freeze on he face -- but no smile be in he voice ) the prefer target , I guess , would have be I . julie rich preferred by you , Mr. hannaford ? a short , ugly pause ... then : you give she the gun ... zarah ( suddenly exasperate ) what do that mean ? ( whatever have happen to she feeling about jake , here be a rat of a woman , deserve nothing , on whom she can allow a bit of pressure to escape ) . what 's it suppose to mean ? 201 jake ( ruefully ) do not worry , even if she do not know , she 'il tell we . ( for just this moment , we be encourage to believe that the young lady critic have nothing to say ... but we be wrong ) julie rich ( speak gently and quickly ) miss Valeska , you make just one picture with hannaford ? zarah ( blank ) yes . julie rich garvey be you lead man . Glen garvey ... it be true , be not it , that during the shoot , hannaford have a affair with garvey 's wife ? zarah ( after a short , deadly pause ) we will have to stop this , you know . this last refer to the documentary camera crew ( of whose busy presence she have be increasingly aware ) . 202 julie rich ( rapidly building to she climax , she eye still rivete on jake ) Men be the subject of he movie -- whoever the man be , naturally , he have a woman -- whoever she be -- somehow , finally , hannaford seduce she . he must . he must possess she . that way , he possess he ... billy voice ( 0.s. ) ( wearily ) okay , okay ... cut it , you guy -- that 's just what happen : the film ( the documentary film of this action ) end , abruptly , like the turn off of a light . replacing it -- a '' still '' photograph of the group ( taken by some last , lurking spy among the journalist . ) but if the movie camera have stop , the SOUND - track be still recording , and we hear -- julie rich 's voice expensive vice , be not it ? when he 's have he actor 's girl , he throw she away . and then , of course , he 's 203 julie rich 's voice ( contd . ) thrown away he actor , and destroy he in the process ... perhaps that 's what he really want -- a_hard slap ! the unmistakable sound of jake 's sudden , brutal attack ... a flash from a hand -held camera , roughly turn on again , and show we nothing clear ... only wild confusion and a strong impression of violence -- al' voice ( under he breath ) they be get all of this , you know -- on film ... billy voice who give a shit ? what 's they public , for chrissake ? -- before one of that creep can put this stuff together we will have we movie out . a real movie ... ( he break off --) silence ... ( or some - thing close to it ) ... from the film still run - ing on the big screen -- there come a faint sighing of wind ... CUT to : 204 the ranch Dawn -- very early , very grey ... the last of the car be pull out of the drive - way and head for home . the house itself would seem to be desert . calb ( the general handy - man ) be search the empty , litter room , call out a occasional '' Mr. hannaford -- '' as he go ... silence answer he ... the ranch Dawn -- very early and very grey ... the last of the car pull out of the driveway head for home ... the house itself would seem to be desert . calb ( the general handyway ) be search the litter room , call a occasional '' mister hannaford '' -- as he go ... silence at first ... then a murmure can be hear somewhere in the house . 205 jake' voice --- Old friend be old , and that 's the trouble with ‘em ... ( this be , in fact , the continuation of some talk between jake and vogel , the start which we hear early last night , and which have be record . ) jake' voice ( contd . ) they do not grow old -- it 's just something they stumble over and fall into . and they all seem so ... surprised . poor sod -- they look at you as though there be something you could do about it ... calb go search ... through the house and out onto the terrace by the pool ... but jake 's voice grow fainter ... ( but there be someone else here ) ... CUT to : the drive -in theatre almost empty now ... otterlake hey , billy -- billy hey , brooksie -- 206 otterlake what happen to the critic lady ? billy she will live -- al she will live to write about it . billy fuck she . otterlake almost everybody 's go , look like ... Zarah , too ? billy she leave . otterlake ( with just a whiff of jake in he tone ) so she do , uncle , so she do ... maybe she do not love we like she use to . billy maybe ... do not let he get you down , brooksie . 207 otterlake do you ? billy not yet . not quite . otterlake we be hang tough , billy . -.. let 's see if we can get a laugh out of he -- he turn and look toward the place where jake be sit along in the sport car ... CUT to : the film it play for a time ... then we hear : JOHN dale 's voice Morning , hannaford . CUT to : the theatre gate jake be car lurch to a stop ... JOHN dale be figure -- unmistak - able in its raincoat and with the curly ash - blonde hair , be in the foreground ... jake peer at he through the murky light ... 208 jake johnny -- ? no answer . come to my party after all -- JOHN dale 's voice I come to get my car , hannaford . jake ( after a silence ) get in . I x11 drive you ... JOHN dale 's voice no , thanks . another silence ... jake Chicken -- ? there be no reply ... after a long moment , jake turn away , put he foot on the pedal and , with a frantic screeching of tire , the car swerve out through the gate and off down the highway ... reverse angle : it be the voice of John Dale , but it be not John Dale . otterlake take off the wig . ( much earlier we have see he idly pick it from the head of one of the dummy ) ... 209 otterlake I be better than I think ... and much less funny -- he toss the wig to mavis , who utter a tiny whine of disgust upon receive it . ripping off the rain - coat which have complete he disguise , he climb into he car . come on , sweetie ... the old man do not get to make it with you , do he , so who do that mean you be go home with ? accord to the critic lady , with a virgin . he start the car ... CUT to : the real JOHN dale ... the ranch move through the empty house ... the voice of the handyman be hear call again : '' Mr. hannaford ... '' silence at first . then the murmure from another room ... 210 jake' voice .-.. remember that berber -- up in the atlas ? they would not let we point a camera at ‘em . they be certain that it ... dry up something ... follow the sound , JOHN dale move into -- the big room here , sprawle in a huge leather chair , higgam be sleep , he tape recorder on he lap ... jake' voice ( cont ’d ) the old eye , you know , behind the magic box . could be it 's a evil eye , at that ... Medusa 's ... CUT to : the drive -in theatre a desert field , except for the actress sit alone in she little car ... the wail wind and the gypsy song on the theatre 's sound track be join now by the wail of police siren -- hear very distantly ... the sky be clear enough to show the hint of a black pillar of smoke somewhere far off ... 211 jake' voice who know , maybe you can stare too hard at something . huh ? -- drain out the virtue -- suck out the live juice ... on the screen -— the move image fade under the dead pallor of the rise day ... the actress start up she car and drive away . jake' voice ( contd . ) you shoot the great place and the pretty people -- all that girl and boy ... shoot ‘em dead ... the air be lighten ; morning be almost here ; the sun be just under the horizon , and jaker film be very faint now on the big screen ... the girl seem like a ghost as she return to the shapeless wreck which be all that 's leave of the old man be dwelling place . for a moment longer -- dim as the image itself -- there rise from somewhere beneath this ruin the gypsy lament ... but already the wind ius blow it away ... blow everything away ... 212 layer after layer fly off into the sky ... and ten , as the great dust cloud settles , there be nothing -- only a vast lunar emptiness ... and silence ... jake' voice ( contd . ) ( on the sound track of the project film ) cut . the image disappear from the screen . the movie be over .