oo , vo , oe change asterisked a last kiss acreenplay by Paul haggis base on the film l'ultime bacio by gabriele muccino revise os October 31 , 2003 property of lakeshore entertainment a last kiss oe fade in : 1 ext . wealthy suburb of seattle -- night {day 1 ) L a polished black Toyota prius skim the wet street . michael ( v.0 . ) I be twenty - nine year old . I '11 be thirty next month . 2 int . michael' prius - drive -- night 2 michael , 29 , handsome , well dress , content , drive ; jenna , 28 , beautiful , radiantly happy , sit in the passenger seat . michael ( v.0 . ) when I be twelve , I close my eye and picture what it would be like when I be this age , and this be exactly what I see . great job , great apartment , beautiful girlfriend and good friend . actually , in my picture , the girlfriend be replace by a really cool car , but I be twelve . jenna what be you think ? michael ( v.0 . ) they what great mileage this get . ( off she look ) and how lucky I be . she beam . he turn to look out he side window as they drift up to the light . the pretty woman in the sport car next to * they smile . Michael return he eye to the road and drive * * on . 3 ext , jenna' parent ' house -- night 3 push in on the backyard toward the dining room window . michael ( v.o. ) Jenna and I meet three year ago and move in together just after that . she 's fabulous , the sex be amazing , even she parent be great . be find Michael and denna sit with she parent , anna and * stephen . rere era ep en - ne a haggis 4 int . jenna' parent ' house - dine room -- continuous 4 i senna we have gomethe the tell you . she take Michael 's hand . a smile broaden on Anna 's face . anna ( anticipate ) you be get -- jenna ~- a baby . : anna ( take a quick turn ) +- a baby ! ( to Stephen ) they be get a baby . ( to Jenna & Michael ) you be get a baby . jenna I be six week pregnant ! anna this be fabulous ! ( jump up ) Champagne ! we have to make a toast ! where 's all we champagne ? a we can see by the way she 's talk that the woman be in shock , stephen in the bar under the sink . anna ( xealize / to Jenna ) but you can not drink , what be T think ? that 's okay , we will drink for you ; we be good at that . ( call back ) do not say anything till I get back . she disappear into the butler 's pantry . jenna what do you think , daddy ? stephen I think it 's a big thing . om ( with a smile ) though not usually the first big moment in you adult life ... — — amy , om , wo haggis jenna we be think about get marry before , but now it 's a little weird . I mean , we do not want people think we get marry because we have to , because that 's net the case , and -- anna ( return with bottle ) no one will think that . jenna , remember Lucy 's wedding ? anna oh please , the girl 's a slut ; she completely trap that poor man . ( off Jenna & Stephen 's smirk ) what ?? it 's the truth . no one 's go to say that about you . jenna besides , it 's not such a big deal anymore , have a baby and not be marry ; a lot of people be do it . michael we friend Chad and what 's - she -name . jenna , and I really want the white dress and the veii , and I want daddy to walk I down the aisle , and if I waddle ... anna you be not go to wa -- jenna momt I want to look fabulous and thin and if I see my wedding picture and he look great and I be a whale , I think - I would hate he forever . anna ( think about this ) yeah , I would , too . Fine , fine . {hands bottle to stephen} here , open this . stephen it 's warm . anna because we never drink it . we have five hundred bottle of warm champagne ( more } eaggis anna ( cont 'd ) in this house . why do everyone give we champagne ? stephen if I open it , it 's go tc explode . anna live on the edge , Stephen ; open the bottle , Stephen relent as Anna realize : bang ! anna ( cont 'd ) oh my God . I be go to be a grandmother . the bottle explode and they snatch up mug and water goblet and stuff they under , try to catch it . stephen ( raise he glass ) to my little girl , to she little boy -- jenna +- or girl -- stephen or girl ... ( to Michael ) and to the man responsible for it all . Michael return the good - nature jibe : michrel who be feel more responsible by the minute . all cheer . as Michael and Jenna toast each other lovingly . michael { v.0 . ) if you have to settle down , if you absolutely have to become a adult and have a baby and all that come with it , this be the kind of woman you want to do it with , you could not ask for better . ye as etn , haggis int . michael' prius - drive -- night as she michael ( v.0 . ) so , why do I feel like trading she for something with a convertible top ? jenna you cousin stay fat . michabl yes . she be fat before she be pregnant , she get enormous during the pregnancy , and then she go back to be fat . jerna the point be she ig larger now than she be before , and she 's always dieting . michael she talk about dieting , order a salad and cover it with a quart of " low fat " dress . it 's like watch someone eat during a crude oil spill . jenna you be so cruel . ( almost cry ) I be go to be huge and ugly . michael ( embrace she ) no , no , sweetie , you will never be ugly . no matter how huge you get . ow ! {she just elbow he ) really , you have a great jaw line , you could pack on seventy , eighty pound and you would not get a double chin . ow ! {another elbow ; she 's smile ) and you ass ! you have a great ass , and so it will just be even great . ow ! I be drive ! jenna what do I ever do to deserve you ? michael ~ . you be just a incredibly lucky girl . snuggle up to he . jenna iam , will you start eat with I ? os haggis 6 . michael we will go pound for pound . jenna you promise ? michael : we will stop and get ice cream right now . she kiss he . Michael take a corner , turn he head , see ... a porsche dealership . all that gleam , bright rag top . 6 int . jenna' parent ' house - master bedroom -- night Anna sit at she vanity apply lotion as Stephen watch tv . anna I be get so fat . ( no reaction ) can you at least pretend to listen ? I mean , it would nice if we talk at least once in we marriage . stephen okay , let 's talk about you be fat . will could it have to do with , I be guease here , eat too mech ? anna ~ I eat because I be depressed ! you know that tonight I be actually jealous of my own daughter ? you know why ? stephen she 's thin ? anna she have she whole life ahead of she . God , I make all the wrong decision . do you see the way Michael look at she ? do you ? stephen Anna .... anna like he have to have she . just once I would like to know what that feel like . os stephen I do have to have you , dear . it 's a contractual thing . 6 haggis she pick up a crystal bottle and hurl it at he head . miss and explode against the headboard . anna come on , crack another joke ! stephen ( be : glass on sheet } look at this , we bed just get more comfortable . int . the z2ander -cohen agency - hallway -- ( day 2 ) tt Michael and he friend CHRIS step out of Michael 's office and head down the hall toward the kitchen , ceris the problem will not start until you get home from the hospital . so , depend on the length of she hospital stay , you will have somewhere between twelve hour and two day when you be a good father and husband . michael that long ? CHRIS I can only go by how much time Lisa give I . michael ( joke ) yeah , but Lisa hate you . CHRIS not when we get marry . michael I think she do and do not show it because she really want a baby . CHRIS yesterday I be lie on the floor make face at he . he 's laugh , grahb my nose , have a great time . TI go : {makea a face ) ~-booga-wooga~vwooga -- michael ( joke ) as you so often do , haggis ceris -- and for some reason he cri just as Lisa walk into the room . so , be I the great dad who 's be make he son laugh for half a hour ? no , I be the cannibal who ig about to snack on she son . michael all I can say be : Jenna be not liga , CHRIS there 's no way of tell who they be until it actually happen . michael and I have always be great with kid . CHRIS ( exite ) other people 's kid . so be 1 . do not count , 8 int . michael and jenna' condo -- evening Jenna type on she computer as Michael pull on he sporta coat , a car horn honke . they kiss . michael that 's izzy . jenna you go to be really late ? michael no , I have plan for you later . jenna do it bother you ? that we do not plan this , that it just happen ? michael no . be you kid ? it 's great . jenna , .. really ? michael really . be haggis 3 . jenna ( as they kiss again ) ome , if you get he stripper I be gonna . have to kill you in you sleep . michael stxipper plural or singular ? jenna +.- you do not . michael I value what pass for my life . see ya . he kiss she again and exit . int . the rawhide gentleman' club -- night 3 stripper work the pole like they really mean it . at the bar sit Michael , Chris , izzy , kenny and MARK ( the groom ) , drink champagne . Kenny be the great look bohemian type , the other be just normal guy -- ali the same age , friend forever .. t2zy kenny she 's look at I I have a lot of good girl again . name for you . {to Mark ) give I another dollar . MARK break a bill ! izzy I get nothing ieft , I pay for the drink ! MARK it 's my bachelor party , you be suppose to pay for the drink . izzy come on , she 's lack right at I . MARK she 's look at you because you keep shove you hand in my pocket ! michael and name my daughter after someone in you black book be such a heartwarming think , Kenny . CHRIS bo you know it 's go to be a girl ? michael no , have not have the test . xenny neye on the dancer ) you need something classy : " celia . " michael ( shocked ) you know , I actually think ef celia . it 's always be one of my favorite name . dancer thank you . ne m 10 haggis 1o . Michael look at she , surprised - the name now ruin forever . ext . downtown STREET -- nigst 10 feeling little pain , the five friend stroll through the center of town , busy with foot - traffic even this time of night , each carry a bottle of champagne . izzy you know how many beautiful woman there be in this world ? michael I think Kenny have a list . MARK ( to izzy ) you do not want a beautiful woman . you only want one who do not want you . t22y ancient history . kenny so why do not you go out with cheri ? michael which one be cheri ? without break stride , the boy step over the low wall of a large fountain and wade through the water . wone of they even mention this fact , as if it 's completely normal behavior . kenny {to izzy ) you meet she at my place on Monday . short hair , long leg , pilate instructor ? tazy '' the one who be naked except for you shirt ? the boy start shaking they champagne , thumb over the top . kenny that be just a friend thing ; she would just break up with she boyfriend . as they stop , knee deep in the water , look out at the city light below , we get the distinct sense that they have do this before . CHRIS ready ? one , two , three --! om haggis 11 . they take they thumb off the bottle and the champagne burst , cover they , as they yell and hoot . MARK . ( top of he lung ) to what we be and what we will be ! izzy to that ... bitch , who leave I to die and rot and look at I now ! free ! they all hoot in response . CHRIS and to Mark , he beautiful bride and a lifetime supply of condom ! more hoot . i22y to that miserable bitch ! michael ( laugh ) - who you would gladly crawl back to if she would only callt . tz2 '' take that back ! Michael cackle and spray he . lazy lunge at Michael and ee they both go tumble into the water . the cther burst with laughter as izzy flail away with he fist , try ineffectually to hit Michael . Mark and Chris finally jump into the fray to pull he off , as Kenny stand there coolly sip from he bottle and watch . 1 . ext . downtown STREET -- night a1 like drown vat , the five friend slop they way hack to tesy 's car . kemy be the oniy dry one of the bunch ; cool as usual , not even water touch he . MARK High school graduation . CHRIS and who 's idea be it not to take off we shoe ? dimmy medina . haggis 12 . a michael be it ? that 's vight . where the hell be Jimmy , anyway ? kenny you do not want to know . izzy stop beside a park motorcycle , Michael stop with he as the other keep walk , izzy this be what we need . twin cam 88 engine , take you right around the tip of South America and back again . michael ( call to other ahead } you guy keep go . jazzy and I will meet you in uruguay . Chris have stop to wring out he loafer : CHRIS ( to Kenny } how ia it I have never see you wet ? can you answer I that ? you be stand right beside I , you do not ~ have a drop of water on you . Kenny shruge . MARK '' ns igzy , have you ever even ride a motorcycle ? 122y '' blease , I never get off one in college . michael that be a scooter . izzy B bike be a bike . CHRIS . have anyone ever see Kenny wet ? it 's a serious question . MARK locker room . om CHRIS I do not mean toweling off , where he could fake it ; I mean actuaily see water on he body . Cause I think - {more } wa haggis 13 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) there 's a whole vampire thing happen here . ° now they be all walk together again : iz2y how long have we be talk about go to South America ? since we be nineteen -- ten year ! we be twenty - nine year old -- kenny ( be : himself ) twenty -eight . michael you be twenty -nine . kenny oh , Christ , I be . izzy you know what happen next year ?? we life be officially over . thirty year - old do not take motorcycle trip . they rent winnebagos , buy coupon book and drive to Sea World . if we do not go now , we will never go . CHRIS aos tzzy , you uncle will not even let you '' off early ! 1 Z2y I quit two week ago . michael with you dad in the hospital you quit the store ? bullshit . : . izzy no bullshit -- go , hasta la vista . CHRIS and that 's every word of Spanish you apeak . Chris notice something and stop in front of a Korean grocer 's ; the other do not notice and keep walk . Chris stoops and unroll a hose the grocer use to wash off he vegetable . kenny telephone sale . ne. os . haggis 14 . michael what ? kenny Jimmy medina . miceael nol do not tell I that ! kenny you ask . MARK ( feel awful for he } we all think he be gonna be a CIA agent or a bank robber .... kenny telephone sale . michael that be so depress . izzy you want depress ? Jimmy medina be out there somewhere right now feel sorry for we . " they be do what ?? that 's so depress , man ; they be gonna do something with they life . " Kenny look behind he and just take off . Chris run up with vo , the garden hose spraying . as the other laugh and jump out of the way ... 12 ext . mark parent ' home - backyard -~ afternoon ( day 3 ) 12 a wedding reception spreada over the sumptuous grounds of the magnificent home ; the band playa as hundred of friend and family member mill about , eat , chat and celebrate among the giant oak that spot the massive lawn . the family stand at the head table , teast Mark and he bride , eva . nearby sit Michael , Jenna , Kenny , izzy , Chris , and hia wife lisa , cradling they six month - old child . mark father raise he glass : mark father I have the honor of toast my new , . beautiful daughter - in -law , Eva , and my son , Mark . it be my sincere hope that together , you find the happiness that have elude you mother and if . his wife and friend laugh with he cbvious joke . haggis 15 . mark father ( cont 'd ) to_z¥a and Mark ! Michael glance toward a nearby table . a beautiful young blonde be look right at he . he smilee and look away . . all Eva and Mark ! Chris , Kenny , izzy and Michael applaud and chant for a speech . Mark stand to applause . MARK I be overwhelm . izzy ( call out } you be hang over !! laughter . . MARK no , I be truly overwhelm ... by the eight of my family , .. ( be : other table ) ~and my family and my family and my family ... ( laughter ) ... and by my friend , who be dwarf by comparison - -~ izzy and hang over ! now the laughter be strain and accompany by raise eyebrow . izzy have obviously be imbibe liberally . MARK - many whe have be with I since nigi ih school and before . thank you for be here and share this with I . Michael throw a lock hack toward the young blond , who be laugh and talk to a girlfriend . the blond look hack ; Michael quickly look away , but not fast enough . she smile to herself . MARK ( cont 'd ) but '' what I be truly overwhelm about be this wiracle that have happen to I . he look at he bride lovingly , everyone " awwww . " hagais 16 . angle on anna and she friend louise , also in she fifty , thin but just as unhappy , sit at a table the man have abandon . Anna eata as she eye she husband , Stephen , stand by the bar with some other man . anna MARK I be leave he . somehow I convinced this incredible woman to marxy louise I . and I will never know how many time have how , because I do not you say that ? understand how a guy could be so lucky . anna ( more " awww " ) it 's be a lifetime but I want she to know how of waking near he , grateful I be that she sleep with he , say yes . yell at he , I be ( to all ) ready to explode . and as glad as I be to see ( put down she all of you here , I be mach forkful of food ) more glad that she be . i be serioug . I be {to she ) leave . thank you , Eva . Eva cry and Mark kiss she to applause . izzy get up and head to the bar . back with michael and jenna they eye on the bride and groom . Michael sneak a peek in the direction of the blonde ~- now she be lock right at he . she offer he a big smile and he smile back , jenna be not she beautiful ? Michael snap he attention back to Jenna , who have not take she eye off the beautiful bride . . michael she do not even compare . Jenna smile and take he hand beneath the table . Kenny see something off screen and circle the table , whisper something to Michael and then head off . michael ( cont 'd ) ( to senna} : be right back . ' a haggis 17 . he nod for Chris to follow . Chris rise . tien lisa . where be you go ? CHRIS I will be right back . lisa ocall after he ) you be go to take the baby . angle on kenny as Chris and Michael catch up and weave through the crowd . CHRIS what 's up ? michael arianna 's here . CHRIS oh , god. have izzy see she yet ? Michael throw a look to the bar , see izzy be not look , angle on izzy and mark uncle - at th@ bar mark uncle i and then I be hope he 'li join the a practice . what about you ? izzy I be recreate che guevara 's motorcycle trip around South America . Mark 's uncle try to fashion a response . back with michael , CHRIS and kenny cut a path through the crowd , they pass a beautiful young raven-haire woman , april , who intercept Kenny . april hey ! how be you ? Kenny turn back as Michael and Chris keep go . kenny I be great , you ? Michael and Chris know not to get between Kenny and a beautiful woman , so they wait impatiently a short distance off . os . om haggis 18 . april crazy , meeting here . I have be think about you . kenny yeah ? april I think I still have you phone number . we should get together some night . kenny great , give mé a call . see ya . Kenny catch up with he friend . CHRIS who 's she ? kenny have not get a clue . the boy move with purpose through the crowd , until they come upon arianna , a attractive 29 year - old wear glass . michael hi , can we talk to you for a sec ? artanna . all of you ? CHRIS {gently } arianna , what be you do here ? you know it 's gonna drive he crazy . artanna oh please , he will not even notice I with ali this people . she go to step away , Chris take she arm and pull she out ef sight . arianna pivot and fling she arm out of he grasp . arianna ( cont 'd ) what be I suppose to do , hide under a rock ?? CHRIS no , but a modicum of sensitivity would be nice . kenny you be invite to church ; this be the reception . , haggis arianna 19 . I say I be not come ; 1 change my anne mind ! get out of my facel michael arianna , he 's a wreck . arianna he be a wreck before we meet . CHRIS I be ask you , do not do this . arianna do what ?? I be not do anything ! michael ( see izzy approach ) oh , Christ . izzy nstepp up ) what be you do here ? ariarna they be my friend , too. nmove off ) oo have another drink , izzy . izzy ( go after hex ) on arianna ... ariannal the boy follow at a safe distance . angle on jenna - at the far side of she see what 's happen and head back with izzy and arianna arianna the reception over to help . there be five hundred people here , harass somebody else ! you can not stand the sight of I , that 's you problem . she move , he follow . izzy I be try to start clean , okay ? how be T suppose to do that when you keep of pop up everywhere ? oo , haggis 20 , arianna everywhere ?? this ise the first time now . you have see I ! Jenna join the boy in the background , concerned . izzy it 's only be six day since we break upl . artanna it 's be the same six day for I , and you do not see I whining . tz2y ( see red ) whine ? at least I be not bark ! the boy see this go downhill fast and step in . michael ( to izzy ) come on , arianna ( to boy } why do not you get he out of here ? pn he 's embarrassing himself . 1 Zzy you hate I , be that it ? arianna tazy , why be not you smart enough to know that just ask that question be enough to cause somebody to hate you ? go whine someplace else . it 's over , izzy . find a life . she turn on she heel and walk away -- izzy go ballistic and start after she , but Michael , Chris and . Kenny grab hin . michael whoa-whoa - whoal cut it out , you look like a asshole ! kenny it 's a woman , man , it be not worth it . jenna , come on , izzy . i2z2y '' I know , I know . atin 43 haggis . 22 . denna take he arm and they all walk izzy back toward they table . Michael check cover he shoulder as they walk , and see the pretty blonde stare at he , impressed . he smile back and disappear with the other . ext . mark parent ' home - backyard -- later 13 Michael , Jenna , Kenny stand under one of the huge sprawling oak , swapping storey and laugh , try to get izzy 's mind off of ariamna . Chris walk up bounce the baby strapped to he stomach in a bright plaid carrier . renny wow thexe 's a look . the baby start to fuss a little . CHRIS what 's wrong , matty ? you hungry ? Lisa appear out of nowhere . lisa what do you do ? CHRIS he 's fine . she wrench the baby out of the carrier . lisa he 's not fine , he 's scared . if you put down you drink for two second you might see that . it 's okay , sweetheart . do daddy scare you ? CHRIS I do not do anything ! lisa right , that 's why he 's scream , ( to baby ) it 's okay , yes it 's okay . Lisa exit with the scream baby , Jenna follow she . Chris 's friend look at they shoe . CHRIS ( stare after Lisa ) how much longer can I stand this ? he lcok back to he friend , who can offer no solace . se xem , haggis 22 . 14 int . mark parent ' house - family room -- moment ' later 14 — Lisa pace , calming the baby ; Jenna sit on the window sill . lisa it 's like he pretend the be clueless so that I will swoop in and take over . jenna , this must be hard for he , too . lisa it 's hard for everyone ; we be not kid anymore . . jenna there 's a lot of new responsibility ... lisa and guess who get they all ? I mean , it be ac easy to take care of Matthew , all you have to do be make he feel safe . ( to baby ) be not that right ? yes , it be . {to Jenna ) Chris do not see he all day , then he a grab he by he heel and throw he upside down . the baby shriek and i Chris say '' look , he 's laugh ! " he '' S be not laugh , he 's fight for he o~ , life . I would like to hire some big biker to grab he by he ankle and fling he upside down , see how much he " laugh . " why do not man think ? Jenna move closer , entrance by the baby . jenna you be such a handsome boy . ( to lisa} it must be amazing . liss it 's the best thing in the world . 15 ext . mark parent ' home - backyard -- at that moment as Michael walk up to the bar to order . the pretty blonde step up from behind he . call she kim . on . kim what be you drink ? a , ets , haggis 23 . michael try to decide . ( beat ) have we meet before ? kim do I look familiar ? michael no . kim ( laugh ) I be Kim , michael Michael . kim you be to the treehouse ? michael ... treehouse ? she snag a open bottle of champagne from the . bar and head off with a impish smile . Michael follow , sweep along by this unstoppable force . 16 int . mark parent ! house - family room -- at that , moment 16 Lisa and Jenna take care of the baby and lock out the window . lisa just make sure you ask for a epidural the moment you back hit the bed . be you go to take lamaze ? jenna I have not really think about it . lisa lamaze if great . not the no-drug part , that 's just crazy , but you learn how to breath , they teach you husband how to massage you foot and hand ... jenna that I would like . lisa until labor start , then it 's just annoying . ( admit } I be awful , everything bother I . 17 haggis 24 . ext . mark parent ' home - backyard ~-- at that moment 17 Michael and Kim approach a huge oak at the far side of the property and lock up . Kim take a swig from the bottle ... kim ie not this fantastic ? michael it 's absurd -- it 's like a condominium . she pass the bottle to Michael and start up the ladder . Michael take a swig and look up after she . Kim climb , caring mot a wit that she 's wear a incredibly short dress , kim come ? what a question . he climb up after she , awkwardly carry the champagne . kim ( cont 'd ) be you a friend of the groom ? michael we go to school together . he , Kenny and I . kim be Kenny the one with the girliriend problem ? michael no , that 's izzy . kim ah . she get to the top and throw she leg over the edge . Michael drop in beside she -- close , as there 's only just room for the two of they at this spot . kim ( cont 'd ) nlook out ) ie not this great ? we can see everyone and no one can see we . michael it 's great , kim do you have a girlfriend ? Michael glance at the people in the distance , mostly hide by leave . wom be , haggis . 25 . he 's afraid of be see , but the danger actually make this more exciting . he look back at she . michael ..- yeah . but uh ... kim bh. I see . have a crisis , be we ? michael what do you mean ? kim you know exactly what I mean . there 's so much electricity between this two you can actually see spark . michael ( smile ) do I look like I be have a crisis ? kin everyone I know be . , have a crisis . michael I , too . rim you be not suppose to have they until mid-life , but I think something 's happen to we metabolism , michael ( smile ) we metabolism ? kim we live so fast now ; we be all chase something so fast that we get there a long time before we parent do . feel my heart . he do not know what to do . she take he hand and placea it on she heart . . kim ( cont 'd ) see how fast that be ? michael yeah , mine too . kim I think that 's really what 's responsible for Global warming -- ( more ) ne —_ haggis 26 , kim ( cont 'd ) ( he suile with she ) as -- all that activity , send up we body heat . michael I have be think a lot about the polar ice cap . kim see ? so , it 's really not you fault . it 's societal . michael makea I feel much better . kim and crise come and go . michael yep. kim be yours come or go ? . michael aan , come . kim why 's that ? ~ michael I do not know . kim yeah , you do . michael I guess ... ( decide to tell the truth ) there 's no more mystery . Michael be suddenly affect by this . as if finally say it aioud somehow make it real . michael ( cont 'd ) everything become ... normal and know . and it happen without you even notice . _ kim ie that 's sad , be not it ? qe oo haggis 27 . micharl ( smile } ~-— yeah . kim what do you do ? michael . you mean what do I do ? . I work in advertising . you ? kim I want to be a actress . as soon as [ finish school . michael graduate this year ? Kim hold up two finger , michael { cont ' D ) two more year ? well , do not rush it . College be the best time of my life . kim ( teasing ) reminisc already , huh ? ' you must be pretty old . michael twenty-nine . kim coo , just about dead . michael yep . once. you hit thirty then it 's a quick step to forty and fifty ... kim seventy 's right around the corer . her cell phone ring . kim ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . she search she bag for she ringing cell phone . kim ( cont 'd ) {into phone ) hello. ( beat ) yeah , I be come .... I be come ! ( more ) 18 '' , a haggis kim ( cont 'd ) ( hang up ) I be with three idiot who have want to leave since we get here . but she do not make any effort to leave . they just each other , they glance flick from eye to lip . kim ( cont 'd ) . well , if you work through you crisis maybe we could go out sometime . michael uh , yeah . maybe . the kiss be imminent . Michael lean forward a hair , back to the people below , lean a hair closer , look look back at she and ... resist . barely . kim ( beat ) shall we ? she finally stand and head for the ladder . for just a second , try to gather he wit . he be fuck and he know it . as he stand ... ext . mark parent ' home - backyard -- day 28 . stare at look again , Michael wait totally 18 at the far aide of the party , Kenny and a strike brunette name danielle lean against a tree . danielle everyone of my friend be marry . I can not go anywhere ; " if you do not get marry soon you will be too old to have a baby . " T be with a quy for a year and all he talk about be family , family , family ; it be stifling . kenny I can understand , I be Kenny . daniblle danielle . avianna and a guy who look like a male mcdel walk past and we follow they , he smile at she , she turn and smile at he -- and in so do miss michael and kim , walk past , return from the treehouse . Michael look back , and wonder if arianna netice he or not -- and then if anyone else be watch . Kim point off toward the house . foe , rem we haggis 29 . kim there be my friende . so , f'1l see you around . michael yeah , I would like that . kim ( stop ) do you ... want my phone number ? michael uh , yeah , great . he check over he shoulder again ; she seem a tad amused by he discomfort . kim do you have a pen ? michae ! ( without even check } no . kim then meet I at U - dub after class some day . I be do at three , Monday , Wednesday and Fridays . michael so not tuesday or thursdays . it be a dumb thing to say but the man be sure he 's go to be spot any second . kim I meet my friend outside meany Hall . michael great . she touch he face and kiss he cheek , and then walk off down the path line with ornamental tree , toward the driveway . hers be one of that effortless walk , a natural spring in the step , the kind that can crush a man 's will under a single footfall . the wedding party cross she path , return from they photo session , lead by calypso steel drummer . we follow the happy couple and jubilant parent across the lawn until they pass jenna , return from the house . she smile at the bride and move on , swinging she handbag , in search of Michael - and we notice she walk - the same spring , the same ease ; she be heart stop . she come upon Chris and izzy . ree en a ne on haggis a0 , senna , have you see Michael ? but Chris have he hand full try to restrain izzy , who 's grow more agitate watch arianna and she male model friend . izzy six day and she already have a new guy ?! . Chris look at Jenna and shake he head . she move on as he grab izzy and pull he away . izzy ( cont 'd ) it have not éven have time to do my laundry ! CHRIS nlead he off ) she invite he just to piss you off . he 's obviously gay . tz2 '' what ? CHRIS om look at he ! no straight guy look that good . comfort by the think , izzy let Chris yank he off . as oan they exit screen we land on kenny , flirt with danielle . he try to kiss she . danielle ( laugh ) you do not waste time . I be aging fast . - jenna pass behind they and we follow her along a path until she spot Michael and quicken she step . she find he still stare off toward the driveway , skip up behind he and throw she arm around he in a huge hug . jenna caught youl he almost have a stroke . jenna ( cont 'd ) you have be hide , have not you ? on a9 haggis 31 . michael ( smile / recover ) I have be right here , : jenna , do not worry , you miss she throw the garter belt . do you see how beautiful Lisa 's baby be ? michael stun . jenna I think I want a girl , now I want a boy . what do you want ? Michael pull she close to he , ower she shoulder he catch a glimpse of Kim laugh with she friend at the valet . michael a girl . jenna I , too . wedding photographer ( .s. ) this way . they turn and the wedding photographer snap they picture . plash , freeze frame : Jenna glow , michae ] look lose . int . izz '' 'ss parent ' home -- day 19 a modest home that have not be paint in year . izzy enter through the front door , he tux look the worse for wear . izzy catch he reflection in the mirror ; in that brief flash we see how much he dread come home . he drop he key in the basket and head down the hall . he almost make it into he bedroom before he mom step out of hers . - izz '' be mother where have you be ? izzy you know where I have be , at the wedding . how be he ? izz ¥'s mother you be go to break he heart , you know that . izzy reluctantly head into there bedroom , where he see he father on the bed , eye close , oxygen mask on he face , drift in and out of a drug-induced sleep . 20 haggis 32 . izzy hey , dad . 122¥'s mother get closer , he can not hear you . ( to she husband , lovingly ) izzy 's here . do you want to say hi ? the man 's eye flutter and close again . izzy sit on the edge of the bed . izz ¥'s mother ( cont 'd ) fwhisper to Jake ) he keep ask if you have be to the store . just tell he you have . izzy ( loudly ) I have be to the store , dad . everything be fine . iz2y's mother ( whisper ) how can you lie to he like that ? izzy ( stand / whisper } can you please stop this ?! izzy head out . tzz¥ 's mother I ? like I be the one who 's run away . iz2y I be not run away ! izz ¥'s mother keep you voice down ! now in the hall again : iz2 '' I be leave because I have to , Mom ! I need to feel like it 's my life , like I be do something with my lifel iuzy slam he bedroom door behind he . int . jenna' parent ' house - kitchen -- evening 20 Anna and Stephen eat at opposite end of the kitchen table . Anna stare biankly at Stephen , finaliy : oe oo haggis 33 . stephen okay , why be you stare at I ? anna what would you do if I die ? stephen buy a nice dark suit . anna would you even notice I be not here ? stephen trust I , I would notice . anna so , you would do what ? go out and get some young thing whe would take all you bullshit ? someone whe would just sit here in silence and smile ? stephen bo you have somebody in mind ? anna I have decide to leave you . stephen uh-huh . anna and this time I be go to do it . just consider that from this second on , we be not together anymore . get it ? stephen you be still here ; so be 1 . anna in body only . stephen Anna , if it be only you body , it would be a lot quieter . anna - the only reason I be talk at all be to tell you I be go ; I look like I be here , it 's just because I have not find anywhere else yet ; but as far you be concerned , I be not here ! the phone ring . unfaze , Stephen rise to answer it . ere srt tee of oe haggis 34 . stephen hello ?... sorry , she 's not here . ~~. he hang up before Anna can get to it . she burn a hole in he back as he walk off . we hear the sound of a phone ring . 21 close on a ringing phone 21 arianna etep into she kitchen in she black bra and panty and pick it up . arianna hello ? tzzy ( 0.8 . ) it 's I . arianna react . intercut with : 22 int . izz '' be bedroom ~- continuous az izzy perches on he unmade bed , half out cf he crumpled suit . tz2 '' do not hang up . I want to apologize for today . of arianna {with some sympathy } tazy , I really do not want to hear it . ees , tz2 '' can I come over ? artanna nol ! tz2y '' why ? you with someone ? 22 with artanna 23 arianna ise that what you want to hear ? be that what will do it ? i22y '' -- you be , be not you ? arianna yes ! om iz2y you be fuck that gay guy , be not om , you ? 6 ie , 24 a5 aos . 26 a on a eh to a sen emer at haggis a5 . she hang up . int . izzy ¥'s bedroom -- continuous 24 music grind as izzy slam down the phone , grab he soile shirt and run out . int . CHRIS & lisa' apartment - bathroom -- night 25 music build the montage . Chris lean against the sink , ignore the run water and the pound on the door . lisa ( 0,9 . ) you have be in there for 20 minute . what 's go on ? Chris ? at least answer I ! chre I be fine . lisa ( 0.5 . } then get out here and give I a hand ! Matthew 's scream , he just peed all over I and I can not find the nipple . Chris open the door to find she stand there hold they naked , scream son . ext . residential street ~- night 26 izzy run through the night as the music surge . int . CHRIS & lisa' apartment - kitchen -~ night 27 music almost overwhelm the dialogue now as Chris enter with the diaper child , still wail .. lisa come to mommy , she will feed you . CHRIS ( defensive ) - I can do it . give I the bottle . lisa Chris , he 's scream , just give he to I . CHRIS ( hand he to her} Fine . Lisa take he and try to give he he bottle , but he just scream louder . ll — haggis 36 . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) yeah , that 's good ; you be do a much om , better job , Chris open the fridge , try to calm down . lisa ( mow piss ) tell you what , you want to help sa much ? you can get up in the middle of the night tonight and feed he . . CHRIS I will lisa right . by the time I finally pry you out of bed I be already up and might as well do it myself . I can not understand how you can not hear a baby cry . CHRIS I be not a light sleeper ! lisa you just tune it out , like you tune out everything I say . CHRIS Fine , forget it ! do everything yourself , that 's what make you happy . lisa you know what ? I have give up on you . but you have a son , and he deserve more froma father . he deserve a father , period . CHRIS ( come back ) really ?? lisa . really ! CHRIS you know that since matty be bear I do not even recognize you ? lisa oh , I be easy to spot ; I be the one do '' as all the work ! you know , I really think you be better than this . I think I could depend on you . Big surprise ! haggis a7 . CHRIS ( grab he jacket ) here 's another surprise : I be leave ! lisa . great , get out ! whe need you ! ( as he grab he jacket ) Chris , if you walk out that door , I be go to be really piss ! CHRIS really ?? what 's that look like ? do you burst into flame ? Chris fly out and slam the door . lisa ( to baby ) you father 's a asshole . 28 ext . arianna' apartment build -- night 28 izzy burst through the gate , up the stair and bang on the apartment door . man' voice who be it ? izzy you neighbor , there 's a problem . the male model type open the door in he boxer . izzy jam a * palm into he chest and knock he back over the sofa and onto he ass . izzy 's down the hall in a flash and find arianna sit on she bed in ner best post-coital robe . : izzy ( cont 'd ) do not say anything , arianna get out ! izzy ari , month and year will pass and maybe you will always hate I , but I hope not , because I do not even know what I do . arianna you have go nut . he put he hand on the back cf she neck , she try to pull away , haggis he kiss 38 . izzy I be go crazy without you ! she before she rip away . izzy ( cont 'd ) please ! I love youl arianna you have a need , izzy , but it have nothing to do with love ! izzy what ? you can read wind ?? the male model type step up behind he and grabe tazy 's shoulder . she go for the phone , izzy pivot and clock he smack on he ass . arianna stop hit he ! cop ! I be call the izzy plead . i22 '' have not you ever feel like I feel now ?? I do not imow what to think , what to do .... arianna get out , izzy if I go , I be go away . I be go to South America . arianna that 's not far enough ! the male medel type get back to he foot , but be not about to make the same mistake . 122 '' you want I to leave ?? you be really say ? be that what arianna yes ! 1 ) ! izzy Fine . he turn , knock the model down again with one shot and charge out of the apartment . bang it back onto the cradle . arianna stand there , phone in hand .. , she se ms 239 a , ae , haggis 39 . arianna ( yell at male model ) row could you let he hit you like that ?! have you ever use that muscle for anything ?? int . kenny' apartment - bedroom -- night 23 Kenny be have wild sex with a gorgeous screamer name cindy . someone ring he doorbell . kenny it 's nothing . he keep pump away . now someone start pounding . kenny ( cont 'd ) everything 's fine , ignore it . harder pound : bam bam bam ! kenny ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) who be it ?! izzy ( 0.s. } it 's I ! open upl kenny go home ! Kenny pump harder . cindy ( to Kenny ) who be it ? kenny a friend , he will go away . izzy pound . Kenny keep pump . cindy you think this be work for I ? Kenny reluctantly extricate himself . he storm to the front door and fling it open . tzzy charge in , cradling he right hand , not even register that Kenny be stark naked . 1a2y get pack , we gotta leave now . if we do not , we be gonna get suck back in . I wighta break my hand . do you have any ice ? 40 . kenny in the freezer . vom Kenny head back to the bedroom as izzy head for the kitchen . t22y it 's like we be live just under a giant sea sponge . Kenny close the bedroom door behind he . izzy fling open the fridge . 30 int . michael and jenna 's condo - live rcom -- night 30 Michael and Jenna sit tangle together on the couch read a parent magazine . senna " during this trimester , woman have to earefully inspect the thinge they be feel , because hormonal change can make upset and worry seem larger than they be . " michael r- that 's true . - she playfully elbow he . ' , michael ( cont 'd ) ' a owl to jenna - " talk it out with you partner can alleviate this fear and not allow they to become overwhelming . " you get all this ? : michael it gay you can not hold everything inside . jenna I be think we should buy a house . off Michael 's freeze look ... 31 int . kenny' apartment - bedroom -~ night _ 38 Kenny and Cindy drive toward climax . the doorbell ring . iazy ( c.8 . ) ( call ) T will get it . = 32 33 haggis Kenny stop , give up . int . kenny' apartment - live room , -- continuous izzy open the door to Chris . CHRIS : what be you do here ? iz2y we be leave . CHRIS nenter } great , count I in , izzy you do not mean that . as Chris head to the fridge . CHRIS I can not stand she anymore ! where 's Kenny ? tz2 '' pack . Chris crack open a beer and drink it straight down . int . michael and jenna' condo - live room ~- later al . 32 33 Michael and Jenna continue they conversation on the couch . jenna . you just get another promotion , my parent will help with the down payment . michael I do not think that 's a good idea . jenna come on , they parent do it for they . and a mortgage probably would not be much more than we rent . what do ya think ? michael I think ... it just make I a little .... jenna T will be get pay maternity leave and then I will be go back to work . ll on haggis 42 . michael but what if you decide you want to os stay at home ? jenna , be it something else , other than the money ? michael it just sound so ... I do not know . .. final . jenna , ..- final ? that be the wrong thing to say . jenna ( cont 'd ) we be about to become a family . michael ( back -peddie fast ) I know , I mean lock in a mortgage rate and everything . I guess we could go adjustable . pain it work . : , senna X sure . ~ : michael it just give we flexibility . 34 int . kenny' apartment - live room -- night 34 izzy and Chris sit drink beer as izzy ice he hand . izzy you would have already break up if it be not for the baby . CHRIS the baby be great ! I love everything about he ! she just make everything impossible . it 's like if I do anything at all it lessen she grip on he or something . Kenny slump into the room in he . robe and drop into a chair , _ shoot they both a dirty look . neither of they even register oo it . ceris ( cont 'd ) — what 's up ? een , 35 36 haggis 43 . int . michael and jenna' condo - bedroom -- night 35 Jenna lie on the floor , a newspaper laid out in front of she , as Michael brushes he tooth . jenna . listen to this : recently remodel , three bedroom , gourmet kitchen , hardwood throughout ... . Michael stare into the bathroom mirror ; he look old in he baggy pajamas . jenna ( cont 'd ) double garage , large yard . we could get a dog . Michael close he eye ... and kim step up behind he , naked . she drape she hand over he shoulder and bite he neck . kim you come to pick the up tomorrow ? : jenna , deo you think we should look at it ? Michael open he eye again ; Kim ia go . int . kenny' apartment - live room -- night . 36 izzy you have every reason to come with we . renny you be not go anywhere . 1 Zzy no , you be not go anywhere . Cindy enter in a oversize T-shirt and lean up against the kitchen counter behind they . | cindy hi , I be Cindy . izzy & CHRIS hi./ hello . amazingly , they still do not get the idea that they be intrude . she go to get herself a beer , kenny you have be talk like this for year and you never leave . ae . haggis . 44 . 122 what do i have to stay for now ? there 's rom nobody leave to hit ! CHRIS ari could start dating someone else . izzy shut the fuck up , okay ? you be the one who 's gonna wuss out . . kenny you be both gonna wuss out . Cindy return with she beer and drop onto the sofa between izzy and Chris . t22 '' CHRIS not I . I be in , kenny bullshit . tezy {to Kenny ) we be bullshit ? what about you ? you be go to work for greenpeace ! ane now you be pirate CD 's and screwing someone new everyday . that really fulfil you , be it ? you be go to be sit in that same chair when ptm you be fifty and wonder what the happen ! {to Cindy ) I do not screw someone new everyday . CHRIS sometimes two in one day ; better you know it now . kenny they be just try to embarrass I . cindy I do what I want , he do what he want . i22 '' great , you have find each other . I ? I be rotting here ! i'1 ] 1 die if I stay . and we can not " plan " this because something will always stop we . we be not 20 anymore , but we be not 40 yet . { more ) pst 37 38 339 ° haggis 45 . t22 '' { cont 'd ) we have to do this while we still can . come on , come with we . { Kenny be up and walk ) where be you go ? kenny back to bed . he close the bedroom door behind he . Cindy sit there with izzy and Chris , content to drink she beer . int . michael and jenna' condo - bedroom -- later 37 Jenna turn out the lamp and rolis over to kie Michael , jenna good-night . michael good-night . kim lean in and kiss he from the other side . kim good-night . int . jenna' parent 's house - bedroom -- night 38 Stephen turn off he bedside lamp . stephen good-night . the only light leave in the room be from Anna 's make - up mirror , where she sit , apply face cream . she hate what she see , ext , CITY CENTER -- night 39 izzy and Chris shuffle along . iz2y Kenny 's the one who have the least . hold he here , and he 's the one stay . how do that make sense ? CHRIS him and Michael . izzy Michael 's happy ; he 's a lose cause . CHRIS ( beat-admits ) I can not go . ms ee . haggis 46 . tzz2 '' what do you mean " can not ? " a , CHRIS . I can not gol they hop a temporary chain link fence , make to keep people like they out . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) what be I suppose to do ? ask fora year off work ? iz2y '' you hate that job . CHRIS I do not " hate it " hate it . I mean , it suck , but it 's not like we be digging ditch or do real work . they pull off they shoe and roll up they pant leg . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) and how the hell would we live ? _ 1 Z2y oe you know how much it cost to live in luxury in perm for a year ? . CHRIS pom how much ? they wade into the fountain , which overlook the sparkling city below . 122y no idea . but it 's pern , man ! how much can it cost ? think about Argentina , after the bank collapse ? you give they a american dollar for . anything and you be crown Emperor for the day . and the woman : have you see the woman there ? CHRIS no , and neither have you , so shut up . I can not leave my son . izzy it do not want to screw with you ; you ~ do not want to ga because of you son , do not go , but I sit with you wife at the wedding , and three time within my a hearing she run you down in front of ( morbi ne '' they haggis a7 . 1Z2 '' ( cont 'd ) you son . Children grow up see everything through they mother 's eye ; so , the longer you stay , the more you son be go to be convinced that you be a emasculate asshole . and the longer you stay , the more you yell and fight in front of he , the more you really become one . that the image of a man you want to leave imprint on you son ? ( beat ) go away for a year ; really do it , and who know ... maybe you wife will be so shocked that you grow some ball that when you come back she will be able to gee you for who you be . not this dog she keep -around to be kick . they stare out at the city light as Chris let the truth of this soak in . the traffic below blur end the sky turn from night to day . . 40 int . coffee shop -- morning ( day 4 ) 40 Anna and Louise have cappuccino . anna , I be think of see David again . om louise David - David ? it 's heen three year , ae , do you even know where he be anymore ? anna he will still be teach . louise oh , Anna . Al int . zander - cohen agency - conference room -- day Al Michael place a large lay - out hoard on the table in front of Chris and three other creative exec -- color sketches of family at home . Chris look to be a million mile away . micharl I sketch out some of the thought but we still do not have the copy . creative exec 1 = '' where can we jump off from ? hearth and home , home be where the heart be , - home ori the range , home of the brave , there 's no place like home .... 42 haggis 48 . CHRIS I be think about leave my wife and child . all four turn to stare at he . he sip he coffee . int . build supply store -- day 42 izzy enter and twist he way through aisle , until he find he uncle zack at the back counter . . tz2y '' hey , uncle Zack uncle zack izzy , good to see you . any more time you need off ? because I be really enjoy do everything around here . tz2y '' ... I be not come back , uncle Zack . uncle zack yeah , you say that . izzy no , I know , but I be piss then and I say thing I should not have . T just want to come back to tell you I appreciate you step in and take over , uncle zack what else be I suppose to do , izzy ? my brother 's die , you be leave , what other choice do I have ? iz2y it 's just not I , uncle Zack . I mean some people be bear to sell plywood and nail gun . i'm not . uncle zack you know what , izzy ? go screw yourself . you think I be bear to do this ? izzy no , I do not . but it just be not enough for I . uncle zack you tell that to you father ? iz2y I would , if he be well . om , 43 a on a4 a a haggis as . uncle 2 ack yeah , well until then , stop practice on I . wack turn and disappear into the back office . int . CHRIS & michael be office -- day 43 michael have you tell she ? CHRIS she do not believe I ; probably because I can not believe it myself . ( beat ) I be turn into someone I hate , I yell , I threaten ... I '' turn into a prick and I do not know how to stop . ( beat ) you want to hear something ridiculous ? she 's the only one I ever want . I have have sex with three woman in my life ; two woman in college and Lisa . michael .+- which two ? Chris give he a look . Michael glance at the clock and react . michael ( cont 'd ) oh , shit , I be sorry , I gotta go . '' CHRIS where ? michael I totally forget , I be suppose to pick something up . I be really sorry , we will talk later , okay ? and he 's go without wait for a response , leave Chris wonder what just happen . ext . university of WASHINGTON campus -- day a Michael 's prius pull up in the no-park zone adjacent to the meany Library Building . his eye scan the crowd of face . the library door open and another animated group spill out . huddle in the pack , kim stand out like a bright - burn beacon . Michael watch she , unseen , entrance . then he cell phone ring . he check the readout : jenna . he flip it open . on ae , oes haggis 50 . michael hi. jenna ( 0.s. ) I call the office , you be not there . as he watch Kim walk off down the sidewalk with she friend . michael I have to run a errand ; what 's up ? jenna ( 0.5 . ) we have a sonogram , gid you forget ? michael oh , God , I totally do ; when ? jenna ( 0.3 . ) if you leave right now we can still make it , michael on my way . Michael hange up , jerk the car into gear and zip forward ... toot he horn and break at the curb as he reach Kim and she friend . she approach and lean in the window . kim hi! michael I be just drive past and see you . kim ( teasing ) . you drive past here a lot ? michael ( smile back ) . I 'f think of go back to school . kim se , you be not come to see I ? michael sorry , I have a meeting , I just want to say hi . you want a ride ? . kim I live really close . michael it 's okay , I will take you . be , haggis 51 . rim honestly , it 's very close . michael I will take you - i'1ll take you . she smile and climb into the car . a beat of a bs kim it 's good to see you . michael good to see you . they just stare at each other , then he drive off . michael ( cont 'd ) where be I go ? kim straight ahead . ( beat ) what do you do after I leave the wedding ? michael just hang out with my friend . kim do not you love wedding ? michael no , actually they make I depressed . I see this people with such good intention ; everlast love and fiery passion and two year later they be in court argue over who get to walk they Shih tzu . kim because they be marrying the wrong person -- stop , we be here . michael here ? you do live close . kim told you . fteasing ) so , yesterday be like a nightmare for you -- all that relationship dissoive before you eye . michael it be not all awful . will 4s haggis 52 . that same kiss hang in the air between they again , his phone beep . kim I think that 's yours , he check it -- a text message : hurry , love ! she lean over to see it but he clear the screen , michael sorry , I gotta go . kim you do anything for the long weekend ? almost everyone here be go away . michael dust stay around . kim you wanna come to a party with I tomorrow night ? michael ..- why not ? she pull out a colorful pad and pen and jot down she number . Michael can not help stare at she ; she fresh face , flow hair , bright bracelet , hip clothing ; she look completely delicious . she rip off the page and hand it to he . kim and do not even think about stand I up . she kiss he on the cheek and exit , disappear through the front door of a great old brownstone convert to a co - Ed dorm . Michael watch until the front door close , then .... michael ( to himself ) what the hell be you do ? ( louder ) what the hell be you do ?! - nyell ) what the hell ark you do ?! he hammer the steering wheel , then speed away . ext . CITY street ~- day 45 Michael run a amber light and disappear . hold on a taxi that brake in the foreground . anna sit in the back , anxious , lose in she thought .... haggis 53. 46 int . michael and jenna' condo -~ day 46 ~~ Michael burst through the front deor and call out : michael I be here - let 's gol denna grab she purse and they dash out . jenna we be really late . av int . taxicab -- day a7 Anna ride in the back of the cab ; spot where she 's go : anna this be it . 4a ext . CITY CENTER -- afternoon abe izzy sit on a bench , the park behind he , classified ‘on he lap . he circle another use motorcycle then check he watch and glance at the coffee shop across the street . the door open and arianna appear with she afternoon coffee , walk back to she office with a female co-worker . it take everything izzy can muster not to follow she . om , 49 int . kenny' apartment - bedroom -- afternoon 49 ae Kenny and shandra , a brand new beauty , lie in post-coital bliss . skandra : can I ask you a question ? be cur relationship just about sex , or do you care about I a little bit ? kenny ( beat ) I care about you a little bit . shandra - I know it . he might as well have pledge eternal love . she snuggle as Kenny glance at he nightstand , see a lipstick stain wine * glass , casually lift it and place it out of sight on the * floor . 50 ext . university of WASHINGTON campus ~- day 50 om Anna search the campus for a familiar building ; think she find it . a student exit ; Anna approach ame ms oo oi . 51 52 os 53 54 pan , reveal Jenna on the examine table as this hit she . haggis 54 . anna Excuse I ; I be look for Professor bowler , humanity . student second floor . anna thanks . Anna climb the step , push in through the main door , .. and stop right there ; she can go no further . int , CO - ed dorm - kim 's room -- day 5 Kim lie curl on the love seat under she window , write in she diary , then stare up at the sky and dream of Michael . int . obstetrician office -- afternoon 52 start close on a monitor -- the sonogram image of a fetus grow in the womb ... then there 's the doctor 's face . obstetrician ninety percent chance it 's a girl . it 's as if she just realize she be actually have a child . jenna ..- a girl ? she turn to Michael , she eye welling up . jenna ( cont 'd ) a girl . Michael embrace she , the doctor smile and ... int . humanities build - u.w. -- day 53 Anna wait by the main decor , at the end of a long hall . a staircase lie at the far end . footstep ; Anna look up . a young couple appear , lock in each other 's arm , kissing and talk . they pass she and exit . Anna almost cry . int . CO - ed dorm -~ day sa Kim 's roommate , liz , pull down a carry - on bag from the closet . liz you barely know the guy . he twice , you have see for a couple of minute . 55 56 a7 ' 58 haggis . 55 . kim I know . weird , huh ? but it be like ... I see he , and he look at I , and I have to remind myself to breathe . liz he can not be that cute . kim he 's perfect . int . medical build - elevator door -- day 55 a stranger stand wait for the elevator . ' the door open revealing . Jenna in ecstasy , twirling in circle . she swoon and fall into Michael 's arm . the morose stranger step onto the elevator and punch he floor . the door close as Jenna and Michael burst into laughter . int . humanities build ~- u.w. -- day 56 a group of student clump down the stair , pass Anna . at the back of the pack she spot Professor bowler ; handsome , sixtyish ... and he spot she and stop on the stair , as the student clear out , the two old lover slowly approach . they gtop , inch from each other , still no word speak . and then .... a cell phone ring . anna . sorry , that 's mine . she dig for it , answer . anna ( cont 'd ) hello ? ext . michael' prius ~-- at that moment 57 Jenna shout in she cell phone . jenna Mom , it 's a girl ! I just see she ! she 's beautiful ! ( to Michael ) be not she beautiful ? michael a knock -out . int . humanitizs build - u.w. -- continuous 58 axna honey , that 's wonderful ! ( to bowler / without think ) my daughter be have a girl ! oe eat 59 haggis they both ext . cafe Anna put bowler Little Jenna ? jenna ( 0.8 . ) who 's that ? anna I be just tell a friend . I be so happy for you , sweetheart ! jenna ( 0.s. ) I gotta call daddy and Michael 's parent ! I love you ! anna T love you , too . congratulation ! hang up . bowler congratulation . anna {almost in pain ) I be a grandmother . bowler but a beautiful one . Anna meltea ; exactly what she need to hear . - outside table -- later she han@ on top of he . anna now that I can look at you , it 's as if I never leave . you do not know how many time I think about you . bowler I think about you , too . anna really ? he give she a look that say " you know I do . '' anna ( cont 'd ) but do you really miss I ? bowler yeah . 56 . 39 to haggis anna I be so happy to see you . bowler . so , why do you disappear ? anna do we have to talk about it ? bowler Three anda half year without even a phone call to say you would not be show up for dinner ? yeah , I would say we would have to talk . anna you know why . ( off he prompt look ) I always think ... that if we stop see each other , I would find a way to save my marriage . bowler do you ? save it ? anna no . bowler I be sorry . anna I , too . but the important thing be , we be still here . bowler , --. I be marry . we have a son , two month old . Anna can not speak , bowler ( cont ! D ) } I wait for you for so long . anna oh God , do not teli I that . bowler but I know you would never leave he . ( beat ) L be sorry . if I would know ... {beat ) I just get the impression that what you really want be a fling , something ( more } 57 . hes 50 of , 61 ( they cad haggis 5b . bowler ( cont 'd ) to cut the boredom . not a relationship . I need a relationship . Anna be barely even listen , just fight back the tear and fail . so she stand , kiss bowler full on the lip . anna be happy . she bolt out of the cafe . bowler ( call after she ) Anna ! she do not stop . ext . college district STREET -- day 60 Anna hustle across the street and hail a cab . as she drive off , we pan with she until we realize that we be look out a shop window ... a tattoo parlor to be exact . izzy sit in the hot seat ; Chris stand over he as a tattooe young beauty place the pierce gun in he nostril and fire . t22y ahhh ! - jesus !-ow ! ( leap up . beat / to Chris ) be not that bad . . Chris do not believe he for a second . none-the-less , he drop into the chair . as the woman lift the pierce gun . , .. int . psychologists ! office -- continuous 61 Anna enter and pass the secretary 's desk . anna be he in with someone ? secretary yes '' ( realize she be not stop ) he 's with a patient . but Anna fling open the door to find she husband listen to he female patient . anna hello , dear . stephen what 's wrong ? mm haggis 59 . . anna ane accord to you , nothing . stephen come back in 40 minute and we will talk . anna {to female patient ) hi , I be he wife ; be you sleep with he ? because it would be nice to know that someone be have sex . Stephen rise and ushere Anna toward the door . strphen you be wait out here and we be talk in forty minute . anna , ie 's okay , I just want to let you know that I cheat on you . ( co patient ) Nice meeting you . she exit , close the door . Stephen yank it open and pursue hex , grab she arm and ushere she into the supply room . ~— anna { cont 'd ) now you react . if you would drag I into a closet before this probably atten would a't have happen . stephen be this another of you stunt ? anna stunt ? no , but there be some difficult maneuver involved . . stephen for beth we sake I hope this be another one of you fantasy . anna it happen three year ago ; I see he today ; he 's leave he wife and run away with I ; that 's pretty mach it . stephen . Anna , I understand you want to lash out because you feel that -- a axwa att , for god' sake shut ub ! I do nct want '' to " talk this out ! " JI don't want you { more ) moe see ete — 62 63 yon , 64 65 to , haggis : 60 . anna ( cont 'd ) fucking " understanding ! " I want someone who be flesh and blood -- and since you don't qualify on either count , I don't want youl and she grab the door and burst out of the office . int . michael and jenna' condo - live room -- day 62 Jenna open the front door and head for the ringing phone . jenna hello ? anna ( 0.s. ) I have leave you father . jenna what happen ? ext . CITY STREET -- continuous : 63 Anna wave down a cab as . she speak on she cell phone . anna nothing happen ; that 's why I be leave . I be go to Louise 's . jenna ( 0.s8 . ) -- Mom ? anna nspeed through ) -- but I want to let you know that I really be happy for you and the baby and I be not jealous of you ; call I if you need I , I love you . she hang up and hop into a cab . int . michael and jenna' condo -- continuous 64 jenna , Mom ? dial tone . int . stephen' office -- day 65 female patient then the mattress be smother I and T jump out the window , but my husband be chase I with a pillow ... 66 67 68 63 70 vei , haggis 61 . Stephen turn and stare out the window . ext . residential street ~- day 66 Michael sit park out front of they condo . a couple pass with two stroller catch he attention . they be argue , int , kelly 's apartment -- evening | 67 Kelly , Kenny 's latest bed -mate , opena the door to reveal Kenny , hold a bottle of wine . Kelly wipe she hand on she apron . kelly perfect timing ! my dad 's here , come in and meet he . Sne hurry back to the kitchen . Kenny stand freeze in the doorway . ° int . neighborhood bar -- evening 68 Chris drink as izzy trace a pen over a map of South America ; both man sport they new piercing . izzy after we get through Panama we have to Split west toward Venezuela or south to ecuador .... . Kenny drop into the booth beside they , still hold the wine . kenny South . int . jenna' parent ' house -- evening ° 69 Anna grab a hang bag and roll she carry - on out the door . int . neighborhood bar -- evening . 70 the map still in front of they , Kenny check the classified . tzzy so , we buy two bike and one of we ride on the back . kenny not behind I . I be not good with 's the clingy thing . CHRIS what a shock , kl be haggis 62 . kenny ( be : newspaper ) '' here 's a ' 97 for four thousand dollar . izzy ( read ) 200 CC 's . you be go to climb the ande with 200 CC 's ? Chris answer he ringing cell phone . CHRIS yes ? 71 int . CHRIS & lisa' apartment - kitchen -- continuous 721 a much softer Lisa than we have see before be on the other end of the line . Matthew sit happily in he highchair . lisa be you go to he late ? 72 int . neighborhood bar -- continuous 72 CHRIS I think you say you do not want to see I anymore . . 73 int . CHRIS & lisa' apartment - kitchen -- continuous . 73 a Lisa on please , I just need a few minute to myself . Matthew 's be fussy all day , I think it 's he stomach . and I need some goat 's milk , 74 int . neighborhood bar -- continuous 74 izzy and Kenny watch in silence ... know what 's go on without have to he tell . CHRIS +.. T will be there soon . 75 int . CHRIS & lisa' apartment - kitchen -- continuous 75 lisa ... thanks , 76 int . neighborhood bar -- continuous . 76 ato Chris hang up the phone , glance at the guy , stand and walka out of the bar . ee haggis 63 . kenny ... what about a camper van ? ww int . CHRIS & lisa' apartment -- night 17 Chris enter with two can of goat 's milk . liga spot he head for the kitchen and run for he . she throw she arm around he neck and hug he tight . lisa I be so sorry ; I can not stand we be like this , at each other all the time . we have to try harder ? okay ? I be go to try a lot harder . she hold he face in she hand ... and see the pierce . lisa ( cont 'd ) what do you do ? CHRis it 's just a thing , lisa tell I that 's magnetic . CHRIS pea you do not like it ? lisa se . you pierce you nose ?? what be you , 7 '' seventeen ? CHRIS be this the try harder part ? lisa oh , for God 's sake , Chris ; we have a fight about you need to take more responsibility and you go out and stick a bolt through you nose ?? CHRIS . that 's what we be fight about ? for some reason I think it be about you be a stone cold bitch twenty - four hour a day . as he walk off : lisaa to , I can really see you be try , Chris . this be a great way to put a relationship back together ; call I a bitch and walk away ! sn a , haggis 64 . CHRIS {quiet but direct} ae do i say I be still try ? I be not . 1 do not know how anymore . which be why T have to leave . that finally get through . lisa ... ¥ou be serious . CHRIS yeah . lisa you can just do that ? leave ? CHRIS I do not know how to stay . this be not my home anymore . a moment . neither apeak . finally Chris walk away and pick up Matthew , pat he on the back and walk with he , as liga watch ... tear well in she eye . 738 int . michael and jenna' condo - bedroom -- night 78 — Michael lie in bed , watch Jenna sleep . he look the other : way , Kim be lie beside . she open she mouth and pull he ' in . oo 79 int . cafe -- day ( day 5 ) 79 Anna and Jenna sit at a window table . anna + t'1l get a job , 2'11 find a place . jenna you really think you can start over ? : anna . you mean " at my age ? " jenna yes. anna I be still breathe , for God 's sake . jenna om it be a long time ago , daddy will underatand . ae om , haggis 65 . anna you be say it 's too late for I , I should just settle for what I can have . jenna you have be together since college ! anna . and I have be miserable most of that time . jenna TI do not think that 's true . anna I just do not let you see it . jenna trust I , you be not that good at hide you emotion . JI see exactly when you start to be miserable , and it have not be most of you life . anna ( sarcastically ) you be twenty - nine year old , but you know everything and I do not have a clue . jenna tt start three year ago . I think you have this affair , and then afterward you convinced yourself that you do it because you be miserable . anna so I create all this ; it be all in my mind ? jenna daddy adore you ! you treat he like shit ! anna adore I ? he will not even look at I ! jenna you know what ? you make this difficult because you want it that way . Men be eapy -- anna -- you have be with Michael three year ! * p haggis 66 . jenna -- and it take less than haif a hour of that time to figure he out . you know exactly what daddy want and needa , you know how to make he happy and how to make hin miserable -- every woman do ! if you be bored , fine - but that 's you fault , not he . 30 int . dorm - kim' room -- afternoon ao Kim sit on she bed as Liz pack . her cell phone ring and she pick it up , - kim helio . a1 int . michael' office 61 michael it 's Michael . kim hey . I have be think about you , michael what kind of thought ? a2 int . kim' bedroom a2 kim you know exactly what kind of thought . Liz give she a teasing look : " you be shameless . " kim ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? michael I be at work . - kim I be try to picture it . where 's you office ? 63 int , michael & chris' office 83 michael Zander - Cohen , the ad agency . kim aon impressive . do you have a view ? michael Nice view . '' they b4 85 haggis 67 . with kim and liz 84 kim ( tease ) can you see what I be do ? mouth agape , Liz toss a pillow at she . michael no . it 's not that nice . kim sco , be I go to see you tonight ? back with michabl 85 Chris step into the office . Michael change the quality of he voice to something more business - like . michael yeah , if you be still up for it . do you want I to pick you up ? kim eight o'clock . i'11 be wait . Michael hang up . CHRIS who be that ? michael just a friend . CHRIS you have a friend I do not know ? michael a guy from school , he 's go through a divorce . CHRIS : oh. michael .»-.. can I ask you a favor ? CHRIS what ? michael iwas think of go out with he : tonight , but Jenna really hate . he , so I be go to tell she I be with you . ne sett 86 haggis 6a . CHRIS you be fuck around on she , michael I be just see this iriend of mine . CHRIS no ; do not get I involved with this . how can you fuck around on Jenna ? . she 's beautiful , she 's sexy , and she 's like a guy , she 's perfect . michael I be tell she I be out with you . Chris 's phone ring . CHRIS . no ! I 'ma terrible liar , I '1l screw it wp and neither of you will talk to I again ; I have enough probleme ! michael ( exite ) I have faith you in .. CHRIS Michael ! ( but he 's go ) michael I no response . Chris grab he ringing phone . ° CHRIS ( cont 'd ) yeah ?.... where ? ext . camper sale lot . -- afternoon a6 Kenny , Chris , and izzy walk with a car salesman . salesman it be modify by a real freak . twin saddlebag tank hold 120 gallona of fuel ... . they open all four door and look in . salesman ( cont 'd ) four bunk , stove , john , a portable shower , rack for mountain bike and I have someone else come tomorrow who want it . izzy 's phone ring . he step away to answer . a. '' om on 87 '' 88 we ao od haggis '' 69 . t22 Zy '' hello ? izzy 's face change . izzy ( cont 'd ) okay . {to guy ) I gotta go . he take off . int . iz2 '' be parent ' home -- afternoon . 87 izzy rush in , run to he father 's room . uncle Zack and a nurse hover ; he mom sit hold she husband 's hand . i2 ZZ¥ be mother you be go to be okay ; everything 's okay . izzy slip in and take he father 's hand . iz22 '' hey , dad . it 's I , it 's izzy . his eather stop breathe . ext . baby store -- late afternoon , ag Jenna stop at the window , stare at a beautiful blue baby earriage . she can not help smile . int . dorm - kim' room -- late afternoon a9 Liz search a pack suitcase as Kim hold vp outfit in the mirror . Liz oh , please ; my parent be the exception . they meet in college and have not stop snuggling since . - it 's embarrassing . have you see my sudafe ? kim I think sometimes you just know . ( be : the mirror ) look at I , I 'ma wreck . I just meet he and I be already in love . that 's never happen to I before . we hear liz' dad 's voice from downstairs : ' S ria haggis 70 . liz' dad ( 0.8 . ) come on , lizee . do not want to keep you mom wait . liz ( yell downstairs ) you can live without she for two second , okay ?! ( storming out to hall ) who tock my sudafe ?! 90 int , CHRIS & lisa' apartment -- night 30 + liga and Chris eat in silence . finally : CHRIS T be move into kenny'' . ( no response ) there 's no sense drag this we - {no response} do you hear what I say ? lisa deo you know what you be do ? do you know how much he will miss you ? you be he father . nm Chris do not answer ; Lisa go back to eat . '' a1 int . 's michael and jenna' condo - bedroom -- night sl ~ a , Michael tie he shoe as Jenna sit by he side . jenna Boy , you be go out a lot this day . michael : Chris meed to talk ; you know what he 's go through with liga . senna so bring he over here . . michael he will not really open up in front of you ; guy do not do that . jenna you do not even tell I if you like the carriage . con michael it 's great ; I tell you that . ae haggis 71 . jenna , -' be you sure you be okay ? michael yeah , I be fine . jenna you would tell I if you be not , right ? michael of course I would . a moment as she search he face for the truth , cut off - by the deorbell ringing . jenna it 's my mother . 92 ext . CO - ed dorm -- night 92 pour rain . Michael pull up in front and run for the front door of the building door , ring the buzzer . he turn off he cell phone and throw a look back at the car -- see jenna sit . in the passenger seat , watch he , sadly . he push the image out of he mind and turn back to see the front door open . it 's Kim , look beautiful in she tiny summer dress . she 's beam . kim . hi. michael hi. she give he a small kiss that promise much more , then run for the car , get drench on the way . 93 int . michael' prius -- continuous 93 she jump into the passenger seat , brush water off she arm . Michael climb into the driver 's seat and juet look at she . kim my dress be cling , you can see everything . . michael I will not look . kim then I will be insulted . to . michael we would not want that . 34 35 haggis 72 . he have not take hia eye off she , the second hang like hour between they . finally : michael ( cont 'd ) where be we go ? kim straight and turn leave . int . CHRIS & lisa' apartment -- night 34 Lisa answer the ringing phone . lish : hello ?... yeah , he 's here . {to Chris ) it 's Mark . Chris take the phone . int . frat house -- night 95 Kim lead Michael by the hand through the active crowd of college student . the music be loud , Michael seem right at home . michabl ( nodd to stranger ) hi. how ya do ? kim ( teasing ) ~¥our kind of party , huh ? michael I be never in a fraternity . I be much too serious . kim ( laugh ) y think you be old even at 19 . michael ( laugh ) because I know twenty be almost thirty ! ( look around ) thie be great . Kim lead Michael deeper into the party , not as much introduce im as show he off . kim this be Sara . that 's bridgitte and John . . haggis 73. 's a they ad lib hellos and move on . Michael soak this all up , he body relax with every step , finally back where he cea belong . . 96 int . michael and jenna' condo - kitchen -- night 96 Jenna ia on the phone , try to reach Chris . CHRIS ' recorded voice +.. you have reach my cell phone , leave a message and I will get back to you . jenna ( inte phone ) Chris , you and Michael both have you cell phone off . Mark call . i'm go to izzy 's , he father die . everyone 's go , I will see you there . she hang up and look to she mother , who stand to leave . anna I be go . I will be okay , jenna Mom , he love you . anna , ~— then he would have show it , would not he ? go to you friend , I be go to a : be okay . I really be . see eng , she give she daughter a kiss and leave . 97 int , frat house -- night 97 Michael wait in the crowded dining room , talk with one of Kim 's male friend . the music be louder in this room so we can not hear what they say ; Kim return with two glass of wine . kim bo you like cheap red ? michael I be bear to drink cheap red . suddenly the song change and ... kim ahhh ! I love this song ! we she put down she glass , grab Michael and pull he into the '' mext room and onto the pack dance floor . the two of they bounce and sing . along to the lively pop song . on Le 98 39 ioo 101 202 103 104 haggis 74 . Kim drape she hand over h : shoulder , he pute he hand on she waist ... and they bounce morph into slow dance , as they stare into each other ' eye ... and suddenly they mouth meet and it 's like there be no one else in the room . they kiss be hungry and passionate and we half expect they to yank they clothes off right there . int . jenna' jeep -- night 98 the rain be lighter now , as Jenna drive toward izzy 's parent house . int . frat house ~- night 99 Kim lead Michael away from the dance and up the stair , int . jenna' jeep -- night . 100 Jenna drive , think about izzy and what he must be go through . int . frat house - a bedroom -- night 101 Kim open the door and pull he in michael who 's room be this ? kim who care ? they fall onto the bed cover with coat , kissing and pull * at each other . Michael reach he hand under she dress , feel she breast , kiss she nipple , Kim gasp the touch of he mouth . they find each other 's mouthe again . when they break ...* kim ( cont 'd ) come on . she take he hand and pull he up . * int . jenna' jeep - drive -~ night 102 concerned , Jenna check she cell phone for message . nothing . int . a neighborhood bar -- night 103 * Anna sip she cocktail as the owner turn out the light . she looke around , realize she 's the last person , and the hollowness | of that realization overwhelm she . int . i1z22 ¥'s parent ' home -- night 104 izzy 's uncle open the door and Jenna step in . atm haggis 75 . jenna , ohugge he ) sae iam so , so sorry . uncle zack thank you . they be in the back . . she nod and walka down the long hall , pass the kitchen without lock . a few more step and Chris step out behind she ... see she and immediately duck back into the kitchen . - Jenna enter the de , where izzy , Kenny , Mark and Eva ( Mark 's wife ) stand with other familly member . Jenna embrace izzy . they speak in hushed voice . izzy thanks for come . jenna I do not know what to say . be you okay ? izzy i do not know . the last thing I do be lie to he . jenna om he know you love he . MARK where 's Michael ? at jenna he go out with Chris , I have not be able to reach they . eva Chris be in the kitchen . denna turn and look at Eva , surprised by this . jenna , oh. goad. 105 int . louise's house -- night 105 Anna unlock the front deor and enter into the foyer . louise ( 0.5 . ) anna ? om Anna look into the live room . her friend lovise sit , have a drink and desert with a divorced girlfriend . on pa sree - oe ne they to 106 no a 107 108 vm , -~ haggis 76 . anna hi. louise this be Virginia . we be have chocolate decadence ice cream and cosmos . grab a glass and a spoon . anna thanks , but I be exhaust . night . Anna peel off toward the spare bedroom . int . i2 Z¥ be parent ' home -- night Jenna find Chris in the kitchen pull on he jacket , whisper : senna hi. . CHRIS Michael be not here . jenna why not ? CHRIS . I do not know . do you try he at * home ? * Chris move off . Jenna watch he ; what 's go on ? * int , michael and jenna' condo -- night 107 * the phone ring . the place be dark ; the phone go unanswer . * int , i22 '' be parent ' home -- night 108 Jenna hang up she cell , turn , and walk back down the long + hall toward the de ... where she see Chris say good - bye to izzy . she step up to Chris as he turn away from izzy . whisper : jenna he 's net there and he cell be still off . do you tell he you be come here ? that you be come to izzy 's ? there be no accusation in she voice , just slight confusion . but Chris can not keep it together . CHRIS I can not get in the middie of this . haggis 77 . Chris turn on he heel and exite to the hall . and Jenna turn and watch he walk away , baffle by he behavior . jenna , ( to herself ) the middle of what ? Eva , who have be watch , step up behind she . eva what 's wrong ? it 's finally dawn on Jenna ; something be very wrong here . she pursue Chris , catch he in the hall . they voice still hushed : jenna in the middle of what ? CHRIS please , Jenna ... jenna in the middle of what , Chris ? CHRIS you have to talk to Michael . he try to walk away again , but denna grab he and pulis he into tzzy's bedroom . jenna what the hell be you talk about ? CHRIS stop ask I , okay ? he 's the one who should be tell you this stuff , not I . jenna tell I what ?! what the fuck be you talk about ? CHRIS no ! jenna be he see somebody ? be he see somebody else ? CHRIS why be you ask I ? I do not know ! you do not know ?? kam , haggis 78 . 109 CHRIS no ! I do not know anything ! Chris bolt out of the room , head for the front door . * back in izzy's bedroom cell phone at she ear , Jenna hear it ring once , then Michael 's voicemail pick up . she snap it close and charge out down the hall -- find izzy 's uncle in the foyer . jenna , where do he go ?! uncle zack ( hushed ) get a hold of yourself ! my brother be dead , people be grieve ! she push past he . ext . izzy's parent ' house - front porch . 109 Chris pace furiously as he leave Michael a message . CHRIS ( into cell phone ) Michael , call I as soon ae you hear this message ! denna fly out the door , catch h. jenna what the fuck be you do ? you be call he ? CHRIS nol . jenna to tell he what ? what the fuck be this ? CHRIS ( try to get away ) I do not know ! jenna yes , you do ! do you know she ? CHRIS no ! jenna do you know she ?! ne haggis 73 . CHRIS no ! they just meet . Jenna scream . . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) nothing 's happen ! she 's just a friend ! jenna ( scream ) t' 11 kill he ! Jenna head for she Jeep . Chris call after she : CHRIS she 's just a friend ! 110 ext . residential STREET -- night 110 Kim and Michael lean against he car on the dark street , kissing passionately , teasing each other beyond distraction . michael I feel ten year young . kim a ten year ? then I be seduce a young man . excellent . michael you be try to make I lose my mind , be not you ? cas kim I have already lose mine . {beat } let 's go back to my place . my reommate 's go . I can spend the whcle night make love to you . and she kiss he again , she hand pull up he shirt . michael ( what a think ) oh , god. ( but ) . ioca not . I have to go home . kim no , you do not . michael it 's just not that easy . ae haggis b80 . kim om : yeah , it be . michael I just can not . I do not know what I think would happen tonight , .. I mean I know what it hope . but I can not . I meen , I really want to make love with you .... kim yeah , I can tell . her hand disappearg below he waist . michael you can tell that , huh ? kim subtle sign . michael but I can not . 111 |. int . michael and jenna' condo -- night 111 Jenna storm into the dark house and snatch up the phone . — she dial Michael 's cell number and get the same message . she pitch the phone across the room . oe ie , 112 int . louise's house - spare bedroom -- night 112 * Anna sit cry on the bed . * 113 int . michael and jenna' condo -- night 113 * Jenna sit on the bed , talk herself down from total meltdown . jenna , shet just a friend . he will come home now . just stay calm . stay calm . tt do not work , she burst into tear . 114 ( int . michael' prius -- night 114 Michael pull up in front of the dorm house . Kim snap off she seat belt and kiss he . kim ah , do something for I . michael os what ? fhe , 115 2116 117 118 haggis gl . kim go home , tell she it 's over and leave she . michael Kim .... kim you be a good man ; you would not be with I now unless you know something in you soul . you can not force it : relationship either work or they do not . ( beat ) and I could be you last chance at happiness . . ( kiss he ) bo not go michael T have to . kim okay . night . he watch she until she get inside . int . michael and jenna' condo - bedroom -- night 115 , denna wait , weep , hope . she reach for the phone , dial . int . michael be prius - drive 116 Michael turn he phone on . it ring almost instantly . re answer it as he turn a comer . : micharl Jenna ? int , michael and jenna' condo 117 jenna - ( scream ) where the fuck be you ?! int . michael' prius 118 stun , Michael over -steer , miss a park car , swerve back around a oncoming car and smashes into a telephone pole . he search the seat for the drop cell phone , finde it . michael denna ! I have a accident ! se en haggis 82 . 119 int . michael and jenna' condo 119 jenna ( scream ) you bastard ! 120 int . michael' prius 120 michael I have a accident} ! 121 int . michael and jenna' condo 121 jenna . who the fuck be you with ?! she throw the phone and cry , inconsolable . 122 int . michael' prius 122 michael shit ! odrop the phone ) I know it} opound the steering wheel ) shit , I know it ! be crank the ignition until the engine catch , slam the car into drive and swerve off down the wet street . ce pam michabl ( cont 'd ) fuck ! fuek ! fuck !?! re glance in he mirror , see ... kenny , izzy and CHRIS in the back -- as the car speed through the street . izzy ' what be you gonna tell she ? michael shut up ! kenny better make it good , Jenna 's not stupid . CHRIS what @i@ zt tell you ? do I warm you ? michael shut up ! pe lon 123 24a haggis a 3 . ext . michael and jenna' condo -- night 123 Michael eswerve hard , miss the drive , into the bush . he leap out of the car and run down the path ... just as Jenna fling open the front door . micharl I be here ! I be here ! as he get to she she swing wildly , slapping and pound . Michael back through the front door into ... there condo 124 as Jenna keep after he . jenna , you bastard ! why do you lie to I ?! michael hey ! hey calm down ! you be gonna hurt the baby ! jenna , ( scream ) what be you deing all night ?! where be you ?! michael I be with Chris ! jenna , -- liar ! michael -- I be with Chris for God 's sake ! jenna -- you lie bastard ! you make I sick ! Michael grab he ringing cell phone , see the display : _ michael -- it 's he ! you want to ask he ? ask he ! he flip it open and put the phone to he ear . michael ( cont 'd ) -- Chris -- CHRIS ( 0.8 . } Jenna know everything ! TI do not tell she ! ne fm , haggis b4a_ Michael slap the phone close , he head reeling as -- 7 jenna what , you do not want I to ask he ? be that because you be a lie piece of shit ?! michael I do not do anything wrong . jenna , ( now calmer ) who be she ? michael nobody ! jenna I want to know who she be . michael it will never happen again . slap he , he be genuinely surprised . jenna , ( hushed voice ) eam who be she ?. do you have sex with she ? you fuck she ? ( shout ) . tell I ! — ( quist again ) do you cheat on I , you asshole ? michael dust a kiss . Jenna scream . michael ( cont 'd ) one kiss . it will not happen again . jenna ¥ou make I sick ! ° you slut ! michael . slut ?? his cell phone ring . they wrestle over it . she see the id. oe . jenna '' _ " Kim ? ? " you have she number program into you cell phone ?? who be this slut ?! eee haggis . es. he rip the phone away and turn it off , toss it .on the floor . oa , michael I do not sleep with she ! jenna but you want to , right ?! michael no. jenna bullshit ! be she prettier than I ? michael no! jenna liar ! what be I suppose to do now ? puck bastard ! what be I suppose to do now ?! michael nothing happen ! jenna , nothing ??! you kiss she ! you be eae . out all night with she ! how many time do you kiss she and don't lie to mb. en , michael --- several time . Jenna scream . . michael ( cont 'd ) we do not have sex , I swear ! it be a mistake and I be sorry and we still have a life together ; we be go to be a family ! jenna . I be in my third month and you be already out run around ! what will you do to I 10 year from now ? fuck that , I be leave ! michael -- Jenna . — jenna ° . get out , right now . i'1l tell you when to come back for you thing . a ao , haggis a6 . michael we be have a baby ! jenna I be the one have the baby ! I be pregnant one , not youl she 's better off with no father than with a shit like you ! michael stap this , please ! it be a few kiss after 3 year ! thing happen -- jenna -- not to I ! michael . stop yell ! you be gonna hurt yourself ! jenna you make I sick ! get out ! michael and go where ?? she grab a knife . jenna who care ? go back to " Kim ! " michael what the fuck be you do ? put that down , you be not go to stab I . she lunge at he with it , almost get he . michael ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! jenna get out ! she swing at he again . michael finel I be go ! ( head for the door } you want I go , I be go ! and by the time you figure out you be overreact it ' 1 ] 1 be too fuck late ! he snatch he cell phone off the floor , fling the front door open and storm out . i to , haggis 125 126 127 228 a no ane , 129 _~ rm a7 . ext . michael and jenna' condo -- continuous 125 he drop into the driver 's seat and crank the ignition . he throw he arm over the seat to back out and see he phantom . friend , Kenny , Chris and izzy , still sit there . kenny : do not come to my place , I be with somecne . michael shut up ! he scream off down the street , ext . louise's house -- night 126 Anna run cut and hop into the wait cab . as it pull away ... ext , kenny' apartment -- night 127 Michael mount the stair and bang on the door . int , kenny' apartment - bedroom ~- continuous 128 Kenny and yet ancther beautiful woman be have sex . he hear the bang , stop and pull he pants on . beautiful woman .-. who be it ? kenny a friend . he get catch cheating on the woman he life with . beautiful woman the poor woman . kenny ..- yeah . brautiful woman Kenny ? you be not see anyone else , be you ? kenny I ?.. . no. ext . kenny' apartment -- continuous 1293 Michael bang on the door again . his cell phone ring . he see who it be and answer , annoyed . ee 130 131 . '' I att 132 133 haggis ea . michael yeah ? int . dorm - kim' bathroom ~-- night 130 kim we do not have to do anything , I just need to seé you . ext . kenny' apartment -- continuous 131 Michael stand there , tear . kim I want you so much . michael ( finally ) I will be right there . Michael hang up and head off down the stair . just as he disappear the door open , revealing Kenny , barechest . he look around , confuse . kenny Michael ? ( beat ) tazy ?... Chris ? ( whisper , concerned : ) Kelly ? . ext . CO - ed dorm -- night 132 Michael brake , run for the front decor . he can even reach it . passionately . it 's flung open before Kim fall into he arm , kissing he ext . jenna' parent 's house -- night 133 the cab sit at the curb , back door open , Anna approach the house , crossing the lawn rather than take the footpath ... draw toward the only light in the house , spilling out from Stephen 's study . she stop in the shadow as soon as she see he .. stephen sit in he chair , try to read , fail . he stand and cross to the window -- look out , do not see she . what Anna see be the anguish and concern flooding over he face , in this unguard moment . he be aman lose in he own home . if he could ery , he would . k . be , haggis ag . 134 int . CO - ed dorm - rim' room 's -- night 134 Kim close she door and whirl into Michael 's arm , kissing he . he pull away from she lip , try one last time to resist . kim i_do not care about tomorrow or anything else . I only care that you be here . his mind reel . she grabe she shirt , tug it off over she head and pull he into she mouth ... and he can resist no longer . they tumble to the bed , yanking off what remain of they clothes and they lose themselves in each other . and it 's amazing . fade to black . 135 int . kim' room -- morning ( day 6 ) 135 Michael lie awake , stare at the ceiling . Kim sleep beside he like a porcelain angel . Michael crook he neck and search the room with he eye , as if wonder how he land in this foreign land ; poster of young rocker , a teddy bear , brightly color bangle and sequine knickknack box , binder cover in sticker , and photo : Kim kissing a boy , Kim and a she girlfriend at a amusement park , it 's a girl 's room , not a woman' . Michael catch look at himself in the mirror . he * look completely out of plate . * 136 int . louise's house - kitchen -- morning 136 Anna and Louise sit at the breakfast table , drink coffee . anna I have decide to go back . louise Anna , think about it . anna I do . 137 int . michael and jenna' condo -- morning 137 * Jenna lie in bed , awake , red eye stare blankly at the wall as the curtain billow from the window , 138 int . CO - ed dorm - kim' room -- morning 138 % , Michael tuck in he shirt , snag he shoe and slip out while Kim sleep . he peek out she door , see a girl disappear into she room and exit , ease the door close behind he . 139 140 141 haggis go . ext , co-ed dorm -- continucus 139 Michael tug the front door close and pull on he shoe ... then feel he pocket and realize he forget he key . shit . ext . camper sale lot -- morning 140 Kenny pull up in he ancient , piece - of - shit convertible vw bug , look across the street , and see ... the salesman show they camper van to a customer who look very interested . : . int . CO - ed dorm - foyer -- morning 141 Kim run downstairs to the door and open it to reveal Michael . michael ( step in ) thanks . she throw she arm around he neck . kim I think you would leave without say good - bye . michael I forget my key . he slip out of she embrace and run up the stair , pass a male student on he way down , kim' room Kim enter , stung , to find Michael frantically search the room . _ michael ( cont 'd ) where the hell do I leave they ? kim you can not wait to get back to she , can you ? michael ( search ) please , I just need to find my key . kim what do I do ? a , haggis $ 1 . michael nothing , you be great . kim : iwas great . terrific . here . she open she hand -- the key be in it . michael thanks . kim you will call I ? michael I will call you . and he dash out of the room without even a kiss good - bye . int , izzy's parent ! house - hallway -- morning 142 izzy 's mother show Kenny to izzy 's door , knock . 12 ziy'' mother izzy , you friend be here . {to Kenny ) I be worried about he . izzy open the door , look like he sleep in he clothes . izzy hi. t4i'' mother do you want some breakfast ? 1 Z2 '' no . thanks , Mom . his mother walk off as Kenny step into the bedroom and izzy close the door . izzy 's aunt watch from down the hall . i2z2'' aunt {to izzy 's Mom ) he 's a good boy ; he will not leave you alone . int , i22 ¥'s bedroom 143 izzy drop onto he unmade bed . his eye be red and swollen , he face tear - nasatain . kenny I drive by the dealership . someone else want to buy the van . neem haggis 92 . izzy look at he like " what be I suppose to do ?! kenny ( cont 'd ) the guy say he could hold it for we until noon . {beat ) I do not know about Chris , but between the two of we we can do it . if you still want to . ( beat ) what de you want to do ? izzy try to push away the image of he father . he grab he checkbook from he side - table and write . iZZy buy it . he hand Kenny the check . 144 ext . jenna' parent ' house -- morning 144 the taxi drive off as Anna open the gate and come down the walk , pull she overnight bag . Stephen cpen the front door and step onto the porcn . she wheel the bag up to he and stop . a moment later , he offer a small , sad smile , take she bag for she and they walk into the house . 145 int . michael and jenna' condo -- morning 145 ne ty Jenna have not change from last night 's clothes . she pack the suitcase that be open on the bed . she hear something at the front door , turn . 146 ext . michael and jenna' condo -- continuous 146 Michael unlock the door , but the chain hold it fast . 147 inside 147 Jenna hear the door and react . michael ( 0.8 . ) Jenna ? Jenna , please .... Jenna approach and talk through the chain door jenna I be pack . come back later , the house will be empty . michael please talk to I . please . thing oo can not end this way . ae haggis . 93 . jenna like I do this ! move you foot . michael I make a terrible mistake . I panicked , I think my whole life would be over . she jam she heel down on he foot ~- Michael shriek in pain and jump back . Jenna slam shut the door and go back to she pack . michael - baug on the door again . michael ( cont 'd ) Jenna ? Jenna , please . jenna ! they neighbor look over from she porch . neighbor be anything wrong ? michael no , nothing 's wrong . ( to door ) Jenna , open the door . you be carry we baby ! inside jenna yeah , well maybe I will not keep it ! t michael go crazy micharl do not you say that ! do not even think about something like that . she yank open the docr , catch by the chain again . jenna I can do whatever the hell I want . we be not even marry , remember ? we be both " free , " just like you want . michael I be tell you , you do not even talk about get rid of we baby or - ~ haggis 94 , 148 149 jenna you gonna threaten I ?? why do not you pound on you chest while you be do it ? I be se scared of the big , hairy man . you be pitiful ! michael Jenna , I be sorry -- it be a mistake , I love you . jenna , well , toc late . move that foot ! michael Jenna , please - ~ she kick he hard in the shin -- he scream and grab he leg and she slam it shut , michael ( cont 'd ) I be go to the funeral , can we talk there ? jenna , ( scream ) nooooo !! 1 realizing he 's get nowhere , Michael half run , half limp off , past the stare neighbor , int . michael and jenna' condo 148 she watch he climb into he batter car and drive off . int . church -- afternoon 149 the funeral , everyone be there but Jenna . a soloist sing Ave Maria as the camera trail across the face of the bereaved . izzy be in piece . Chris sit several row back with Mark and he wife , Eva . they speak in hushed voice : MARK come stay with we , you need time to think this ont . CHRIS I be okay at Kenny 's . eva osnort ) right . MARK why be you rush this ? JI mean , why do you have to leave now ? isc haggis CHRIS because I can not stand another week of this . MARK what about you son ? you go away for a year he will not even recognize you . Chris clearly do not want to talk about this . MARK ( cont 'd ) we all know Lisa can be unbearable -- ( he wife eswate he ) she can ! but she can also be terrific . she 's smart and she love you . CHRIS ( the sad truth ) no . Net anymore . MARK Marriage be something you have to fight for . : Chris shake he head and Mark give up . back a few aisle and find Kenny and Michael . kenny monogamy be total fiction . the only thing you do wrong be get catch . . . michael yeah . ( beat ) . but what do I do now , without she ? kenny come with we . this be just the guilt . the guilt pasa and the need be still there . this be you life -- you can not live it in a box . ext . jenna' parent ' house -- afternoon demna pull up and get out of she car with she bag . seea she come and open the door . anna what 's go on ? denna run to she and cry in she mother 's arm . a5 . the camera move 150 Anna aon , 151 152 153 154 haggis 96 . int . michael and jenna' condo -- night 151 Michael sit on the sofa in he pajamas , stare blankly at the tv . int . CHRIS & lisa' apartment -- night 152 Lisa watch Chris pack . * lisa * you think he just will not notice you be not here ? Chris do not respond . * lisa ( cont 'd ) * why be you do this ? CHRIS you be really ask I ? lisa yes . CHRIS because ... I do not even remember how to make you cry , lisa that 's a great goal you have set for yourself , Chris . a really great goal . she turn and walk away . Chris watch she ga . int . kim' room -~- afternoon 153 Kim lie on she bed , stare at the phone on she pillow , willing it to ring . kim please , please call I . call I . Kim lift the receiver , check for a dial tone , hang up . * int . michael and jenna' condo -- night 154 Michael lie on the sofa , stare at the ceiling . his cell phone ring ; he scramble to answer it . michael hello ? to haggis , 87 . 155 int . kim' room -- continuous iss '' — kim , it 's I . . no 156 int . michabl and jenna' condo -- continuous 156 Michael turn off the phone and tess it onto the sofa . 157 int . kim' room -- continuous 157 kim .. Michael ? * she re-dial only to get he voicemail . she dial again . * 158 int . arianna' apartment -- night isa the phone ring , arianna appear out of the cover to answer it , revealing the man sleep beside she . arianna hello ? 159 ext . STREET -- continuous 159 i22 '' a {on he cell phone ) se it 's izzy . . poo 160 int . arianna' house ~- continuous 160 . arianna what time be it ? intercut with : 261 ext . STREET -- continuous 162 rzzyy sorry , do I wake you ? . arianna no , but I have to get up early . izzy I just call to tell you I be leave tonight . arianna I be sorry about you father . izzy arianna ? I really be go this time . rem pt haggis 58 . 162 163 164° brianna I think it will be good fer you . izzy ( not really believe it ) yeah , arianna tazy ... ( beat ) call I when you get back , okay ? so you can tell I about it . izzy ( v.0 . ) it may be a while , arianna it will be when it will be . r22y be you still with he ? arianna ( ¥.0 . ) ( hesitates ) ... yeah . i22 '' I can come over right now , we can talk . arianna please . do not . when you get hack . have a good trip . okay ? good-night . * she hang up . izzy turn and walk to the camper , where Kenny and Chris wait . Kenny and Chris ditch they empty and all climb in . the van pull out . int . camper van - drive -- continuous 162* Kenny at the wheel ; Chris , and izzy watch the road ahead . kenny this be gonna be great . hey , do not respond . int . michael and jenna' condo -- night 163 Michael lie on he bed , wide awake , as night turn into day . int . jenna' parent ' house - bedroom ~-- morning ( day 7 ) 164 Jenna lie in she old bed in she crumpled clothes . she pull herself into a sit position , determine to ge on . haggis 99 . 165 int . kin be room -- morning 165 Kim throw some wrapping paper and scissors off she bed , drop : the phone book in its place and flip through it . she find ' what she 's look for , rip out a page . 166 ext , street -- morning 166 Kim strut down the street , wear she best little sun dress , the phone book page in hand . 167 int . michael & chris' office -- morning 167 Michael sit slump at he desk , in agony . he finally snatch up the phone and dial . anna ( 0.5 . ) hello ? michael be she there ? anna do not respond , which tell he everything he need to know . michael ( cont 'd ) I be come . do not tell she . michael hang up and dash out . pete 16 a ext . zander -cohen agency -- continuous 168* Michael fly out of the building and race down the sidewalk . approach , Kim spot he and give chase . . kim Michael ! Michael ! he open he car door and turn , stunne to see she . . kim ( cont 'd ) I know I be be a pain in the ass , but , I have to come . hi. I buy you something . * * she pull a wrap bock out of she purse and hand it to he . * still in shock he do not respond . * kim ( cont 'd ) . * do not you want to know what it be ? ie , ( as he unwrap it ) * it 's my favorite book of poetry . TI * reread one and think of you . oo haggis 100 . she drape she arm around he neck . he take she hand off * orm he and hold they in front of he chest . michael Kim ... I be have a baby with a woman * who I still love very much , kim * ... ¥ou tell I you be confuse , you * want to leave she . michael I be confuse . but the truth be that I need to be with she . I be sorry . kim how could you not tell I you be have a baby ? michael because I be a complete shit . I really * be sorry . this ie not you fault and it 's not about you . kim why do people always say that ? a michael I have to go . om , she grab hin . kim okay , stay with she . I can deal with that . as long as we keep see each other thing might change . he put the book and wrapping paper on the roof of the car and * pull she hand off he sweater , but she keep grab at he , desperate , claw ... : michael nothing be go to change ! I be sorry . kim : nol do not go ! please . do not go . * michael ( pull she hand away ) I be sorry . he get into he car and drive off as she burst into tear . she mm after the he . the book of poetry slide off the roof onto the street . she stumble but keep run . ws , haggis 101 . 169 170 av. 172 kim michael ! please ! don 't! michael ! michael watch she in he rearview mirror , as she fight to keep up ... and finally stop , weep , in the middle of the street . ext . highway off -ramp -- morning 169 the camper van pulis onto the off-ramp and stop . Chris climb eut with he backpack . CHRIS I be sorry . Chris and izzy bump fist and the van drive off . chrig * watch it pull onto the highway and head south . * ext . jenna' parent ' house -- morning 170 denna sit in she robe , stare off at the garden , as she mother step out of the house . anna Michael 's come over . denna jump up . jenna you tell he I be here ?! * anna he know . Jenna fly into the house . * int . michael' prius -- morning Michael speed through the street . int . jenna' old room : 172 denna throw she clothes in she : bag . anna Jenna , I know thia be a very fresh wound , and it hurt like hell . .. and I be sorry , I really be , sweetie . but not two day ago you be tell I that this thinge happen and that you father would forgive I .... * * * * * * oo , haggis 102 . jenna you and daddy have be together for thirty year . we be not even marry yet and this bastard be cheating on mee anna yeah , I know , ( sit ) I do not know what to say ; it 's despicable , he do a really shitty thing . jenna it 's net a " shitty " thing , Mom , it 's a unforgivable thing . anna unforgivable ? huh . you know , sometimes I wish you would inherite a little more of you father and a little less of I . jenna , do not start on I , Mom , anna denna , you be have a baby . jenna and I can raise she on my own ! anna you be right ; woman do it all the time . the front door intercom ring . ' they both know who it be . Jenna snatch up the phone . jenna , what the fuck do you want ?! michael T just want to talk . jenna . leave I alone ! she slam the phone down . eee ee eee ete set ee ee + * 173 ext . front door -- continuous Michael bang he fist on the front door . om haggis 103 . 174 int . live room 174 Stephen step in , see Michael through the front door . Anna come down the staix . stephen what should we do ? anna let he in . they both go to the door . Anna open it . michael thank you . anna no , wait . let I talk to she again . he step back onto the porch . 175 ( int . upstair hall 175 Anna kmock on Jenna 's door . anna Jenna , open up . Michael 's not here , '' ~ he 's outside with you dad . Jenna ? denna unlock the door . ae 176 '' ext . front porch 176 Stephen join Michael on the porch . - stephen you have something to say for yourself ? Michael look down at he shoe . michael I do not know ; I be just . , .stupid . - stephen ( with sarcasm ) very compelling argument -- you 'tll have no trouble convincing she with that . { ( beat / angere } I mean , what be it ? be you just bored with she ? saas michael no , I be just stupid . om '' nm 177 haggis 1a4 . stephen that much I understand . what ? you do not find she attractive anymore , she be not smart enough , sexy enough --? michabl no! Jenna 's great ! she 's everything T want . I be just ... a asshole . stephen now we be find common ground . michael ( beat ) . I love she , Stephen , I really do . stephen you know what ? every asshole say that . go down the county jail , you will find a dozen guy they arrest this week for beat they wivee or girlfxiende , and I bet every one of they will tell you how much they " love " that woman . it mean nothing . michael but it 's true . stephen and it still mean nothing . how you ' feel be only important to you . it 's what you do that count , Michael . it 's the only thing that count . and you do do this thing , be I right ? Michael sita there , know Stephen be right , not know what to aay . a moment . finally : michael I just see the rest of my life ... and there be no more surprise . this be it , it be great , but it be it . : I know what to expect ; I never think I would know what to expect . Stephen sit beside Michael on the stoop . int . jenna' old room Anna take a seat on the bed beside Jenna , who be cry . anna you have to ask yourself if he 's a goog man who do something terrible or if he 's a terrible man . I do not want ( more ) 177 eset haggis 178 '' ext . anna ( cont 'd ) you with a terrible man , why would I ? I be you ether . but I do not think that 's Michael . and I know you still love he . jenna I hate he fuck gut . anna I know . jenna how can it ever be the same ? tell I that ! JI trust he . how can I trust he again ? I can not . anna so then what happen ? jenna then I will be just fine . anna . sure , you can raise a child without a husband . jenna better than have a cheating , lie bastard for a father ; what kind of example be that ? front forch stephen and you really think this be not go to happen again ? michael I know it will not . stephen ( scoff ) right . michael oh come on ! we 'xe suppose to ke abie to learn from we mistake ! I do something terrible , but I learn . I mean , you be tell I nothing like this have ever happen to you ?? Stephen just look at he . 105 . + 178* of eee the * om a haggis 106 . michael ( cont 'd ) it have not ? ( Stephen shake he head ) you be kid . never ? stephen never . michael ( overwhelm by the think ) Jesus . stephen you think that 's because I be never tempt ? you think this woman be the last blonde that 's gonna let you know she want you ? look at I . I have not even meet my last blonde . michabl ... she 's the last one I be go to kiss . Stephen let this sit there ... sloewly become convinced of Michael 's sincerity . michael ( cont 'd ) I love she , Stephen . I would do anything to get she back . " stephen really ? anything ? michael yeah . stephen people say that ; they do not mean it . michael I mean it . stephen ' then it 's simple . just do whatever it take . michael ( half£ -laugh ) it 's that simple , huh ? stephen : the old " die try " thing . you can not fail if you doe not give up . but either way , it 's what you do , not what you {more ) ae bett at '' et be , haggis 107 . stephen ( cont 'd ) m gay . you just gotta figure out what to do . 1723 # xint . jenna' old room 179 anna {beat} after you and I have lunch , I try to 's think back to when I be happy . and T remember be very happy . but somehow I feel I want miese something , and I find someone else to fill it . and as soon as I do , I know it be a mistake . I just be not brave enough to face that , so I blame you father for suffocating I . when really , it be like one day I just forget to breathe . ( beat ) I have look in Michael 's eye . I see . my own .... I do not know if you father * should have forgiven I or not . I * certainly do not deserve it . and * neither do Michael .... my advice be * listen to he , then make up you mind * who he be . * ht 180 ext . jenna' parent ' house - step -- moment later 180 * ' Michael and Stephen sit on the step , stare out . Anna come as out and sit down with they . anna she 's wait in she room , Michael look to Stephen , hope for one last piece of advice or encouragement . stephen everybody know the truth ; they may not like it , or want to know it , but they always know . lie and you will lose she . Michael nod , and head inside . Anna sit on the step with Stephen , take he arm . 161 int . jenna' parent ' house - jenna' room -- moment later 181 Michael slow he pace as he get to the door . Jenna look at the floor . Michael enter and cautiously sit on the bed beside ~ she . haggis she look 106 , mickael it will never happen again in my life , I promise . jenna why do you do something se awful to I ? michael I be ... scared . jenna you know what ? I do not want to hear itl michael okay . jenna you say you be okay with have the baby ! michael what be I suppose to say , I be terrify that my life be over ? a man can not say that to the woman who be have he child , he can not say that about he baby . you would have never forgiven I ! jenna you be right , and I do not ! get out ! michael it do not mean T feel that way now ! jenna , no , now you feel guilty . you be still scared , you be just more scared of what I will do to you ! michael well ... that 's true . at he , almost amile , suppress it . cenna ( quietly ) you be really terrify ? michael , completely . haggia 103 . jenna so be I , you idiot ! I think I be go to be a bad mother and I be go to get ugly and fat and you will not love I and you will ignore I and then I will not want you and the whole thing will fall apart and I will not know what to do ! michael that will not happen . jenna how do you know ? michael because I know . jenna you know now but you do not kefore ? michael yes . jenna ... be you tell I the truth last night ? you do not sleep with she ? michael ... I wag tell you the truth . he see a shard of forgiveness in she eye . he get by on that carefully - define truth . but do he tell she the truth ? michael ( cont 'd ) .-- but then ... I go back ... jenna ( go ballistic ) get qut ! get out of here right now ! get out ! she shove he out of the bedroom and slam the door . michael ( through the door ) I be sorry ! at least I do not lie to you , right ? I mean , I could have lie and I would be inside the door right now but I do not ! be not that what you always say , the truth be more important than anything else ? the door fly open and Jenna storma out , carry a bag anc pull on she jacket . she charge down the stair with he on she heel . om , run , haggis 110 . 1462 183 184 185 jenna not. if the truth be you sleep with another woman ! michael Jenna ! I love yout I be sorry ! she 's out the door . ext . jenna' parent ' house -- continuous 182 Jenna 's Jeep fly cut the drive , Michael run along side . she swerve onto the street and drive off . Michael stop , watch she go , then look back to the house . Stephen and * Anna stand in the doorway , watch . Michael run for he bang - up prius , hop in and iimp off after he wife . ext . michael and jenna' condo -- moment latir 183 Jenna 's Jeep sit park half on the sidewalk . Michael get out of he car and run to they front door , bang on it as the neighbor stare quite openly . michael Jenna ! Jenna ! int . michael and jenna' condo -- continuous . 164 Jenna pick the first heavy thing she can find and storm toward the ' door . . jenna you try and open that door and -- michael ( 0.s. ) I be not go to come int jenna , _ Dawn right you be not ! outside with michael 1485 michael but I be not leave either . I be atay right here . and there 's only one door , 80 you be go to have to see I sooner or later . jenna go away ! michael ( quietly ) no . I can not . I be sorry . this be my home ; you be my home . I love you , ( more ) 1b6 haggis iii . michael ( cont 'd ) and I do not deserve you , but I be not leave you . I can not . inside Jenna wait , say nothing , just listen , as ... outside Michael slide down the door and sit . the neighbor crane around the bush to see . he give they a little wave , put he head against the door and close he eye . inside not exactly sure how to handle this , Jenna walk away into the kitchen , put down she heavy object , look back , sit down at the counter and stare at the front door . ext . CHRIS & lisa' apartment -- day 186 baby in she arm , Lisa open the door to find Chris stand there , he clothes dirty from the long hitch home . he take a moment before he can formulate the think . the admission do not come easy . CHRIS I can not come back . I be sorry . I be go to move into Kenny 's . I be go to try and be a better father . Lisa neds , understanding . lisa | okay . good . a beat , she hand the baby to Chris . lisa ( cont 'd ) you can start now . she walk away . CHRIS sorry ?. , . Lisa ? and come back with the diaper bag and several bottle , dump they in he arm . lisa I be exhaust . everything be in the bag ; call if you have to . I '11 see you on Monday . om haggis 112 . and she close the door . Chris look at he child , wonder how he grand gesture and statement of ultimate responsibility '' ~ end up with this unforeseen result . 187 ext . michael and jenna' condo -- evening 187 Jenna peer out , see Michael still there , make a point of * tug close the curtain and turn off the light . the jast one to go off be the porch light . Michael pull he jacket around he shoulder . 1e¢8 ext . michael and jenna' condo -- night 188 % Michael lie on the doormat try to find the least uncomfortabie position . there be not one . he finally fold the doormat up to use as a pillow . 169 ext . michael and jenna' condo -- morning ( day 8 ) 169 another set of neighbor peer cut around the hedge , gee Michael lie there . Michael pries himself up into a sit position and pick the bristle out of he face . when he stand it 's with no little amount of soreness . angle on window Jenna sneak a peek . see he stretch and take a step away . then he turn and site back down on the mat . coo michael {through door ) oat , you would not think about get I something to eat , would you ? or some water ? ( no response ) no? okay . * 1so imt . michael and jenna' condo -- later that day 1 go * Jenna , now fully dress , pace back and forth , furious about feel trap in she own home . she pick up and put down she purse a half dozen time . she finally grab it and charge the door , fling it open . Michael fall in , she step over he , close the door and walk off . he watch she drive away . 1s1 ext . michael and jenna' condo -- afternoon 191 exhausted , Michael finally sleep despite the incredible discomfort . he do not hear Jenna 's footstep approach , do not see she unlock the door and step over he without even lock down . he only wake when the door slam . he pull cee himself up , groggily look around . the overweight next door neighbor step in and offer he a glass of water . site , haggis 113. 192 193 is4 155 196 197 michael thanks . she walk off as he drink it straight down and stare at he empty cup ... and start to realize that Jenna may never iet he back in . it almost push he to the point of tear , he fight they off . he look to the window to see if Jenna be watch , she be not , of course ; they be never look when you need they to . he look back at he lap and into the darkness of a life without the woman he love . inside Jenna sneak a peek through the curtain , and be actually a Little move . ext . michael and jenna' condo -- night 192 * Michael lie on the doorstep , stare off . the door open , a threadbare blanket be drop on he head and the door close again . Michael pull it around he shoulder , but take little hope from the sign . he glance out at the street to see .... a car slow . Stephen drive . he see Michael on the porch , yive he a sympathetic nod , then drive off . ext . michael and jenna' condo -- morning ( day 10 ) 193 Michael be sit up when the door open . Jenna step out , dress , drop a plastic plate and sandwich on he lap and walk off . Michael pick up the piece of sandwich that bounce all over the sidewalk and put they back together . ext . michael and jenna' condo -- day 1394 the gardener worke around he , then fill he water glass with the hose . bet . michael and jenna' condo -- night . 19s * Michael settles in for the night . then feel the ' first drop * of rain . * int . kenny' apartment -- night . 196 * - Chris lie on Kenny 's sofa , stare at he son , nestle happily * * in the crook of he father 's arm . ext . michael and jenna' condo -- night . 187 Michael sit drench and shiver , but he still refuse to leave . finally the door open a crack . Michael look up to see Jenna look down at he through the chain door . 198 139 200 haggis '' lia , she remove the chain and go upstairs . michbel stands ... though not entirely straight . etep in through he front door , as the image overexpose . he open and the screen the door and turn white michael { v.0 . ) and so this be the story of how it grow up and find out what I really want out of life . * ext . jenna and michael be new house - backyard -- day 158 Jenna sit in a lawn chair . Michael water plant beside she . michael ( v.0 . ) and how I find my way home ; with a * backyard big enough for a dog . a huge dog jump up onto Michael , cover he in muddy pawprint . close on a postcard in chris' hand 199 % michael ( v.0.} * I do not know if izzy and Kenny find * the freedom they be look for . . * a amaller hand grab the card and we widen to see : CHRIS & he son 200 walk up the walk toward Lisa 's apartment -- Matthew ( two year - old new ) be try to eat the post card that Chris be * attempt to read ; father ard son be obviously mach more comfortable with each other . Lisa open the front door and xeaches to take Matthew from Chris ' arm , michael ( v.0 . ) . or what would have happen if they * stay . Lisa can not help smile at Chris ' transformation . the door . inside lisa' apartment she close Lisa wipe a tear of joy from she cheek and smile to herself ; Chris finally find a way to make she cry . michael ( v.o. ) ( cont ' D} you can never really tell which road * will lead you where . * ite , 201 202 203 rs o. 204 haggis 115 . int . denna and michael be new house 201 Michael play with he one year - old daughter . michael ( ¥v.0 . ) but mar ? 1 find out that to be faithful * to one woman , you just need two of they . Jenna kiss he on the forehead ane head out in she sweat . michael ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and in that , somehow I find my freedom . ext . park ~ jogging trail ~- day 202 Jenna enter the trail at a steady jog . michael [ v.0 . ) . * somehow Jenna find it in she heart to * forgive I . '' a man jog past and turn to check she cut . int . jenna and michael be new house - live room -- day 203 Michael lie on the sofa with he sleep daughter cradle in the crock of he arm . he 's in bliss . michael ( v.0 . ) and I have not think of another woman * since . maybe that 's the mystery . I a do not know why I could not really see *® what I have ; I can not even tell you what * it be that I be miss . but I know * I find it . : . ( beat ) . * will we always be this happy ? 1 do not * know . it hope so . * ext . park - jogging tratl -- moment later 204 Jenna jog . the handsoma guy from before catch up with she , give she a smile . she give he a wither leok and double she pace . and now by herself , she smile , loving the attention . michabl ( v.0 . ) who can say ? fade out : the end