the Magic toyshop the Magic toyshop 1 . exterior . a London square . night . but a shabby square . wet and misty , create a halo around a street lamp - a old - fashioned , gas one , the period be circa 1954 / 5 . the mist partially obscure the surroundings . out of the mist emerge a man , gaunt , raw -bon , in a soile trenchcoat open over a shabby , ill-fitting suit . his five o'clock shadow be just show . his thought be world away from he surroundings . his age be indeterminate , anything from mid-twenty to mid-forty . he be head towards the row of shop on one side of the square : fog hide the square itself but the outline of one or two tree be visible - the diffuse light from the street lamp illuminate some leave . the shop comprise a greengrocer 's - as francie approach , a woman in a blue overall reach out and pull down a blind , hide the pile fruit ; and a butcher - close , nothing in the window but greaseproof paper hang from meathook and enamelle metal trays , on which sit a black and white cat . there be also a toyshop . the toyshop be old - fashioned , quaint , in fact , almost pastiche . it have a slightly bow window and above , a very ornate sign in gold on green : Philip flower , toy and novelty . the window itself , close off from the interior of the shop by shutter , be light only by the street light , but we can make out invite outline of the toy with which it be cramme - rock horse , elaborately dress doll , a huge noah 's ark . as francie arrive at the door , a light go on inside the shop . on the door hang a sign : close : stick into the frame - the top section of the door be panell in glass - a visit card , francie O'Connor , jig and reel , in irish lettering . we glimpse a red-haire woman run through the shop just before she fling open the door . she be tall and skinny , in shabby black dress and lisle stocking , with , around she neck , a barbaric-look silver necklace as tight as a dog collar . her very bright red hair be untidily pin on she head . she be carry a fiddle case . cut to : 2 . Interior . toyshop . night . margaret usher francie into the shop , register joy and relief . a parrot , brilliantly coloured red and yellow , fly up from its perch squawk : no sale , no sale . then subside , with a faint clank . we see the chain that chain it to the perch . down one side of the shop run a long , mahogany counter : behind it , shelf stack with many invite cardboard box ; the lower shelf display a selection of bright and beautiful , mostly wooden , toy . other toy - mask , hobby horse , jump jack etc . - hang from hook or be propped against the shelf . the shop have a musty , old - fashioned air ; light by a single bulb hang from the middle of the ceiling , the upper shelf be shadowy , dusty , cobwebby , they content entice , mysterious , possibly sinister . there be a wooden chair on the customer 's side of the counter , no chair on the service side . a huge , ornate metal cash register , register pound , shilling and pence ( this be pre-decimalisation ) dominate the counter . behind the counter , a blackboard , ' 7s 6 d ' be write on it . at the end of the counter , in the side wall , be a doorway , that open on to the stair down to the basement workshop . the sound of furniture be move issue from this doorway . margaret give francie a quick hug and kiss . she mouth : ' quick ! quick ' and thrust the fiddle case in he hand , then dive down the stairway to the workroom . the door to the passage be open . in come a white bull terrier with pink eye , it register francie 's presence with a wag of the tail . francie take off he trenchcoat and hang it over the back of the chair . finn rush through the same door . finn be a slight , red-haire boy , sixteen or seventeen , in paint-stain overall . he be pleased to see francie , but agitate . finn get a move on , man ! he vanish . cut to : 3 . Interior . workroom . night . the workroom be a whitewash cellar run the entire length of the building . very little be visible of the front end of the workroom . but there be bunch of what appear to be severe limb hang from hook in the ceiling , also figure hang from hook . there be a scuff of sawdust and woodshavings on the floor . the main focus of the workroom , tonight , however , be a very very large toy theatre which be situate at the back garden end . this be a square box , curtain all round in red plush , with a elaborately carve and gild proscenium arch and red plush curtain in front . from behind the curtain come knocking and banging . the curtain bulge and part , to reveal a single , glaring eye peer out . in front of the theatre , a wooden upright chair , in which sit margaret , craning round anxiously . she look relieved when francie come in . francie take he position in front of the little theatre . remove fiddle from case . tuck fiddle under chin . tune up . the curtain part further to reveal philip flower 's face ; it be still shadow , but the eye and tooth gleam . philip now you have deign to arrive , Mr. fiddler , we can begin . francie play . the curtain glide open , revealing a marionette , about three quarter life size , dress as coppelia in the ballet , occupy the center of the stage . margaret applaud . francie start to play again . as francie play on , the puppet get up en Pointe . the puppet take a moment or two to absolutely synchronise itself with the music ; then begin to dance stiffly , but rather well , culminate in a unstoppable pirouette - she spin like a top . cut to : 4 . melanie 's bedroom . Day . melanie , fifteen , be pirouetting ferociously to music she hear in she mind . she have tie she long , dark hair back and be wear a sort of improvise ballet dress , a outgrown liberty bodice over a petticoat , somewhat like a dega . it be a pretty , rather luxurious young girl 's bedroom , feature a dress table with silver - back hair brushes . on the single bed , with candlewick counterpane , a teddy bear with a protuberant paunch look on . by he side , a glossy art book , open at the reproduction of a dega ballet dancer . the curtain be pull to , the sun shine through they , make a vague , dreamy light . the dress table mirror reflect the room , the bed , the teddy bear . melanie glance at herself in the mirror , unbalance and topple forward . the bear watch . a draught from the window blow the page of the book over . mrs rundle ( Voice over . ) Melanie ! melanie ( automatically . ) come ! melanie reach out , unfasten she hair from its elastic band and , watch herself in the mirror , let it stream around she face . she pull the bedspread off the bed , dislodge the bear , and drape herself . she turn slightly from the mirror , so that she 's only three quarter reflect . there be a pre-raphaelite quality to this image . she watch herself perform that janey Morris pout frown . a faintly anxious expression cross she face as she hand slide up and cup she own breast . melanie physically , I have reach my peak . from now on , I can only deteriorate . mrs rundle ( Voice over . ) Melanie ! dinner 's ready ! melanie , look rather vague and unpremeditate about it , slide into a simulation of the pose of botticelli 's venus - she pull forward one lock of black hair , lower she right hand to crotch level . she irritably shrug off the bedspread , to reveal the liberty bodice and petticoat business underneath . she giggle a little and start unfasten the liberty bodice . furious bang on the door . mrs rundle ( outside . ) Melanie ! you dinner 's get cold ! whatever be you up to ! melanie , furiously embarrassed , snatch up shirt and short from the floor , clutches they to she . melanie sorry , I be come - sorry ! cut to : 5 . Interior . melanie 's kitchen . Day . the country - style kitchen / dining room of a discreetly luxurious house . sitting at table be melanie 's brother , jonathon , nine , flannel short , short - sleeve shirt , sleeveless pullover , a characteristic small boy of the period , wear thick glass , and she sister , victoria , a fat , cheerful three - year-old . melanie , rumple and childish in aertex shirt and short , have just slip into she place . jonathon eat steadily , eye on plate . victoria make a mess . melanie look at she food with distaste . mrs rundle , the housekeeper , stately , aprone , very conscious of she aspirate . she take a postcard out of she apron pocket . mrs rundle I think you dad be suppose to be a writer , but he have not write much here . victoria let I see ! melanie tweak the card from mrs rundle 's finger . mrs rundle Melanie ! manners ! melanie read the postcard out loud . melanie ' have ploughed the stormy seas - ' jonathon storm ? as melanie read on , he glass begin to reflect , not the kitchen but a stormy sea . Close -up jonathon 's glass ; reflect within they , a three - masted barque riding huge wave . sound of storm and seagull etc . in the background , melanie continue to read . melanie ( Voice over . ) very rough weather , good to be back on terra firma . ' Storm and noise fade . jonathon 's glass clear . he cock he head to get a good look at the picture on the postcard . it show a ocean liner of the period . he sigh , bend he head . begins to eat again . melanie ' the New York lecture go quite well , now on to Chicago . daddy . p.s. be good chick and lot of love , mummy . ' do you want the card , jonathon ? jonathon shake he head . jonathon wrong sort of boat . almost as bad as a aeroplane . melanie move she cottage pie about on she plate . melanie they be go to fly everywhere . mean thing . they should have take we . jonathon we be too young . melanie I be not too young . juliet be my age . jonathon juliet who ? melanie in the play . she be marry , by my age . and mummy . mummy be not much older than I when she get marry . well , not that much older . cut to : 6 . Interior . melanie 's house . Parents ' bedroom . Close - up a bride , in monochrome : it be a bride in a black - and - white photograph , a extravagantly dress bride in a white - lace crinoline wedding dress and a veil surmounted by a orange blossom wreath . at first , it would seem the bride be melanie but the hairstyle - early Forties and the fade condition of the photograph tell we this be melanie 's mother . the camera pan back to show the rest of the photograph - a groom , in tail and topper : and a huge , stern , somehow incongruous man in a suit and a bowler hat . the photograph , in a silver frame , stand on a dress table that otherwise hold a silver box and a jar or two of cosmetics , in front of a casement winnow . the curtain be not draw and moonlight flood through , bleach the colour out of the plushly glamorous bedroom , with its fitte carpet and period touch of Regency stripe wallpaper and redouté rise print . a big , white moon hang directly outside the window . the bed be stripped : the pillowcase lack pillow . the room be not in use . melanie be reflect in the photograph as she open the bedroom door . somewhere a grandfather clock finish strike midnight . melanie , look nervous and audacious at the same time , slip into the bedroom . cut to melanie hold the wedding photograph in she hand , inspect it closely . she be wear plain , practical stripe pyjamas , a little too tight across the chest . her hair hang over she shoulder . look at the photograph , she absent - mindedly scoops up she hair and hold it on top of she head , in a loose knot . it look something like the bride 's hairdo . she set the photograph tenderly down on the dress table , briefly glance at she reflection with its pile - up hair in the dress - table mirror . then , even move nervous and audacious , she tiptoe to the wardrobe . tiptoes , although there be nobody to hear she , because she be in a place that be out - of -bound . she open the wardrobe door . a huge , sheeted shape loom within the depth of the wardrobe , among the empty metal hanger . nervous , audacious , aware she be handle one of she mother 's treasure without permission , melanie reach inside the wardrobe . the metal hanger jingle . she take the dress off its hook . the hoope skirt erupt from the sheet and engulf she in lace . cut to : 7 . Interior . Parents ' bedroom . night . the room be desert , although the wardrobe door be swinging open and the sheet in which the dress be wrap and a drift spoor of tissue paper , lie on the floor , shifting in the draught . also melanie 's discard pyjamas lie on the floor , too , where she have drop they . the wedding photograph be once again propped up on the dress table . as we watch , a breeze shiver the lace frill on the bride 's gown . she raise a hand to clutch she veil . just for a split second , this be not a photograph but a fragment of monochrome actuality . cut to : 8 . exterior . Front of house . night . melanie life in a stockbroker tudor kind of house , set in a big garden . the front door open . melanie , in the wedding dress , the veil on she head secure by a wreath of orange blossom , stand on the doorstep , a ecstatic smile on she face . the dress be too long ; she have difficulty manoeuver the elaborate skirt . we see she foot be bare as she step on to the gravel path , wince slightly . cut to : 9 . exterior . Garden . night . huge garden , huge moon overhead , rosebush with huge rose and huge thorns . and a lily pond . she catch sight of she reflection in the moonlit water and stop , rapt . very lyrical and romantic shot of melanie , look bridal , reflect among the moonlit water lily . as she gaze at herself , the peace be shattered by the rip roar of a aeroplane overhead . a wind blow across the pool , shatter she reflection . the same wind whip the tree this way and that and blow the petal off the rose in drift . it lift up the veil and blow it and the orange blossom wreath up and away . melanie make a ineffectual grab after they . bang ! Big , reverberate bang . cut to : 10 . exterior . Front of house . night . a gust of wind ; the front door slam shut . ( this be what have make the bang . ) melanie swoops up and wrestle with the shut front door , but cannot open it . melanie ( under she breath . ) drat and bother and drat , drat , drat and bother and drat ... she lift up the knocker , she look down at the wedding dress ruefully and set the doorknocker down gently on the door . she gather up she unwieldy skirt and make off . melanie look up towards the open casement of she bedroom window through the gnarled bough of the old apple tree . High on a out -of-reach bough have lodge the orange- blossom wreath and the wedding veil , hang drift down . melanie be tense and nervous . the garden be beginning to frighten she . silence , except for melanie 's agitate breathe . nightingale start to sing . she swing herself out on to a lower bough of the tree . a big moth briefly batter she face , disorient she . there be a rip sound ; the bodice tear under the arm . melanie make a face of woe , but raise herself up on the bough , clutching at a higher one . a lace flounce catch on a twig and tear . she look down again ; but another flounce have catch somewhere else . sharp intake of breath . melanie swing herself further up , in a cascade of rip lace . small , unripe apple , leave and twig bounce off she on to the ground . the nightingale continue its serenade . she scramble up the tree , apple tree debris tumble round she . the tree itself seem to be against she . a branch catch at she arm . melanie aagh ! she inspect she arm . it be badly scratch and bleed . a drop or two of blood plop on to the white satin bodice of the dress . melanie oh , no ! she look up towards the open window , then back down the way she have come . it seem mile to the ground . she reach up towards the window ledge . a whole section of the dress rip with a rending sound . cut to : 11 . Interior . melanie 's bedroom . night . the open casement , the flap curtain , the branch against a now darken sky . melanie launch herself from the tree and fling herself forward into the room . her hair be full of leave and twig . her face be streak with dirt and tear , scratch and tear ; she hand and arm be scratch and the dress be in tatter and streak with blood and dirt . the only sound be she labour breathe . cut to : 12 . melanie 's front hall . Day . mrs rundle in black cloth coat , smooth black glove over she finger one by one . on the hallstand , a wicker shopping basket contain a leather purse . victoria , neatly dress , wait . jonathon scuttle out of the open front door , with a model ship in he arm , look out into the garden . mrs rundle call after he : mrs rundle do not fall in the pond be all I ask , jonathon , dear . ( to victoria . ) we will give madam one last chance . ( a call to raise the dead . ) Melanie ! Victoria and I be go to the village ! if you want breakfast , you get it for yourself ! and clear up after you ! melanie , in short and blouse , sulk behind the banister , close behind mrs rundle and victoria . she be carry a basin of water with a flannel drape over the side . the follow shot succeed one another very rapidly . cut to : 13 . exterior . Lane . Day . mrs rundle and victoria walk down the lane . victoria stop to pick a flower from the hedge . peaceful summer countryside ; sunshine . the peace be interrupt by a motorcyclist , early fifty vintage , with goggle , in black on a black bike . he be visibly reminiscent of one of Maria cesare 's motorcycle escort from Cocteau 's orphée . he rip down the country lane . mrs rundle and victoria be force to jump aside on to the verge . mrs rundle grumble and mutter . cut to : 14 . Interior . Parents ' bedroom . Day . melanie , rub at the bloodstain on the dress with a moisten flannel , be startle by the sound of a motorbike and knock over the basin of water , which spill over both dress and bed , make a big , wet puddle that start to drip on to the floor . cut to : 15 . Interior . Hall Day . a loud knock on the door . melanie open it . frame in the doorway be the motorcyclist , hold a yellow telegram envelope out towards melanie . cut to : 16 . exterior . drive . Day . jonathon launch he boat on the pond . he blow lightly and a breeze take hold of the boat 's sail . it skim across the pond . he sit back on he heel , look pleased . there be a swan swim languidly on the distant reach of the pond . abruptly , for no good reason , the boat keel over . jonathon rise from he knee , agitate . cut to : 17 . Interior . Kitchen . Day . victoria , kneel on a chair , be unpack the basket of grocery on to the kitchen table . mrs rundle , still in coat , hat and glove , cast a eye around the kitchen , look for evidence that melanie have get up . she find none . she be irritate , but not with victoria . mrs rundle you be a good girl , Victoria , and do not stir out of that kitchen . cut to : 18 . Interior . landing . Day . mrs rundle , panting , irritable , have arrive at the top of the stair . melanie 's door be wide open ; the curtain blow in the draught from the open window but the room be empty . mrs rundle look around , puzzle . she see a feather blow out from under the door of the master bedroom . follow by another feather . she put she ear to the door . no sound inside . mrs rundle be you in there ? Melanie ? she open the door . cut to : 19 . Interior . melanie 's parent ' room . Day . a gale of white feather whirl round and round , a maelstrom and , sit cross - legge on the bed , in the middle of the trash room , the bolster , empty of its feather , the wedding dress , jar from the dress table etc . scattered round she , sit melanie , consume with grief ; clutching the yellow telegram envelope in one hand . as mrs rundle watch , the feather subside . mrs rundle pluck the unopen telegram from melanie 's finger . melanie make no attempt to stop she . mrs rundle open the telegram . she read it . she shake she head sadly . she fold the telegram , put it in she pocket . she awkwardly clamber on to the bed and clumsily put she arm round melanie . mrs rundle you poor thing . all on you own . Close - up wedding photograph . nobody remain , now , but the figure of the man in he bowler hat . cut to : 20 . exterior . Garden . Day . two month later . Autumn . mist in the bush , mist in the branch of the apple tree , from which leave and ripe fruit be fall . High in the branch can still be see the orange- blossom wreath and the wraith - like remain of the veil . on the lawn be a tableau ; all the glamorous furniture and picture ( redouté rise print , old map , hunt print ) sofa , bed , lamp standard , the kitchen furniture , the parent ' four poster bed , melanie 's dress table , everything . all drape in dustsheet . pot , pan , cup , saucer , everything . before this , as if pose for a photograph , the orphan . melanie , in school raincoat , kneesock , sensible shoe , with she hair in very , very tight plait , look much young than fifteen . jonathon in school cap and blazer . victoria in what be know as a ' princess Anne ' coat . all with black armband stitched round they upper arm . jonathon carry a boat . beside they , a pile of strapped - up suitcase . mrs rundle stand a little to one side , in front of she strapped trunk . she be in coat and hat too . she cough to hide she emotion . the tableau come to life . mrs rundle families should stick together . you uncle and he missus be go to look after you . mrs rundle and the child move closer to one another . melanie we do not even know uncle Philip get marry . mummy never say . he do not like daddy . he never visit . victoria run to mrs rundle and butt she head against mrs rundle 's knee , weep furiously . mrs rundle pick she up . hug she . feel in she pocket for a bar of chocolate . give it to victoria . victoria begin to open it . mrs rundle put she in melanie 's arm . mrs rundle you look after you sister , Victoria . jonathon if they would stay on the boat , none of this would have happen . cut to : 21 . exterior . railway station . Day . puff of smoke ; hiss of steam engine - we be still in the age of steam . a train have just pull in , a crowd mill along the platform , disembark and meeting . pigeon strut and flutter . francie and finn be briefly visible through the drift smoke , lean against a pillar . francie wear he trenchcoat , finn wear a threadbare donkey jacket over paint-stain corduroy trousers . they both look rough , not English , not middle class , hence possibly dangerous or criminal or irish ( which they be ) . finn be smoking a cigarette . he move with great grace and elegance . jonathon still clutching he boat , get out of a third - class carriage far down the train . he be follow by melanie , very flustered as she help victoria down the step . melanie look around the platform helplessly ; victoria slip away from she , chase a pigeon . finn spot melanie and put out he cigarette . finn and francie start towards she just as victoria , intent on chase she pigeon , topple over and set up a howl . finn there , now ... he stop , kneel , take out a packet of chew gum , offer a stick to the cry child . melanie , unsure of what be go on , start after victoria . she come up short against the monolithic figure of francie and stare upwards . francie you will be miss Melanie . melanie I think we uncle be come to meet we . francie I will get you bag . finn ( with courtly grace . ) he be call away suddenly on business and send we in he place , even go so far as to give we the necessary taxi fare , a unaccustom attack of generosity on he part . he heave case . the party move off down the platform . the child be nervous and confuse . finn keep up a babble of chatter . finn you will need to know who we be , we be the brother of he wife , which make we in a unsanctify kind of way , you uncle . I name be Finn , I brother be call francie - melanie but you be irish ! finn ( gently . ) there 's no law , as I know of , to prevent it . francie as yet . the brother chuckle , to melanie 's bewilderment . the crowd swallow they up , the three child look very child - like in the company of the two man , although we register that finn be about the same height as melanie . cut to : 22 . exterior . Square . night . taxi draw up outside toyshop . while francie unload the case , finn pay the taxi driver . jonathon get out of the cab , follow by melanie , more slowly , assist the yawn victoria . finn , have pay , go to help melanie with the baby . she flinch away . jonathon 's glass flash with light as they reflect the light from the toyshop , which be dazzlingly light up , this time . and there be a big toy boat in the window . jonathon 's face light up . victoria spring to life . victoria toy ! the taxi drive away . the doorbell jangle . the door open . margaret stand in the doorway , arm extend in welcome , hair tumble out of its bun , smile - she look very lovely . jonathon stare . victoria take first few step towards she , then stop , puzzle . margaret 's face fall a little . she look anxiously , over the child 's head at finn and francie . victoria be you we auntie ? ( margaret nod . ) what 's you name ? margaret open she mouth ; close it again . she look helpless . francie move round and take she by the arm . francie do not they tell you you auntie Margaret be dumb ? cut to : 23 . Interior . Kitchen . night . margaret be nervous and embarrassed , the child anxious . the bleak room look as festive as it can . a white cloth on the table be laid with a enormous tea - laid for only six place . there be a carve chair at the head of the table , with no place in front of it . margaret kneel in front of victoria , unfasten she coat . victoria put she hand on margaret 's mouth . they look at one another for a moment . victoria smile . margaret go on unfasten victoria 's coat . jonathon look for a place to put he boat ; stand on tiptoe to prop it carefully on the mantelpiece . the white bull terrier nose open the door . victoria extend she hand to it joyfully . francie seat himself in one of the chair by the fire . finn see the boat . finn that 's a stylish craft . jonathon I make it from a kit . finn do you now ? melanie stare vaguely , hold she coat . she feel lose . finn take she coat away . she be wear a plain , grey pleate skirt and a V -neck pullover - almost school uniform . finn we will get you thing upstairs , settle you in . melanie pull herself together with a effort . melanie uncle Philip be not back yet . francie one thing at a time . cut to : 24 . Interior . jonathon 's room . night . a attic , with sloping ceiling ; it look like a upturn boat . plain floorboard , a plain little bed , a table , a chair . one lamp bulb dangle from center of room . plain , bleak . the dormer window , at which the curtain be not draw , give a view of the light , it would seem , of all London . jonathon run to look at the view . finn set he suitcase down beside the bed , gesture to the window . finn in daytime you can see St Paul 's . jonathon 's point- of-view shot , the city , all brilliantly light , lie in a scoop of dark . jonathon it 's like a crow 's nest . he turn round with a radiant face . from where melanie and finn be stand , the floorboard look like that of the deck of a ship . jonathon spread he foot , so that he look as if he be stand on the deck of a ship . the deck run from side to side . cut to : 25 . Interior . Girls ' bedroom . night . wallpaper with red rose and green leave . a big brass bed , with a chamber pot under it . a chair . finn open a cupboard , revealing a few coat hanger . finn you will put you clothes here . melanie there 's no mirror . finn there 's not . she gulp . melanie Excuse I . she heave at she suitcase . finn leap forward . melanie ( vehemently . ) I can manage . finn ( heavy irony . ) Excuse I . he back away , lean against the chest of drawer , watch with a touch of irony as she heave she suitcase on to the bed , open it , take out Edward bear , put he on she pillow . she smile , tremulous , defensive , at finn . melanie he 's a pyjama case , really . finn do you know you have lovely hair , even if you torment it in that braid . melanie ( stiff . ) I like plait . finn you be spoil you pretty look . come here . she try to take a step backwards but can not because of the bed . so she take a step forward . he put he hand on she shoulder . he smile reassuringly . very gently , he take hold of one of she plait and start to unplait it . with a effort , melanie become admirably self - possess . melanie do not you ever wash you neck ? finn chuckle and start on the other plait . finn give I you comb . cut to : 26 . Interior . Kitchen . night . View of kitchen through the open kitchen door - the remain of that enormous tea , and jonathon , yawn enormously . melanie , she hair spray out around she face , be clumsily hold a big , heavy tea cup in both hand , in a way that suggest she be not use to such coarse crockery ; she look tired out . cut to : 27 . Interior . staircase . night . margaret , very tenderly , be carry sleep victoria upstairs to bed . cut to : 28 . Interior . Girls ' room . night . victoria sleep sweetly on the side of the bed next to the wall , but melanie , on she side of the bed , sit up in the dark , cry very , very quietly - we only know because we see the tear on she cheek glisten . she be hold Edward bear . she sit up , reach under the pillow for she handkerchief . faintly , in the distance , she hear fiddle music . she blow she nose on the handkerchief . the music start again . fiddle and flute . cut to : 29 . Interior . Kitchen landing . night . the music be now very loud ; it come from the kitchen . melanie stoops to peer through the keyhole . melanie 's point- of-view shot : francie and margaret be play , francie the fiddle , margaret the flute . they be play a jig . finn sit in the armchair ; he get up and start very casually to dance . the dog sit down on the rug . melanie kneel down , in order to look more comfortably . cut to : 30 . Interior . Kitchen . night . the fiddle and flute piece end . margaret sit in the armchair , idly hold the flute . finn sit at she foot . she stroke he hair , smile at francie . francie rosin he how and begin to play a slow air . cut to : 31 . Interior . Kitchen landing . night . a shadow of a large man in a bowler hat fall over melanie as she lie asleep , on the floor . Music be still be play in the kitchen . the bowler-hatted man look thoughtfully down at the sleep girl ; it be she uncle , philip flower , recognisable at once from the wedding photograph . Close -up uncle philip 's impassive face . he bend over she and open the kitchen door . the music die away . philip she ought to be in bed . cut to : 32 . Interior . Girls ' bedroom . Day . rose ; red rose , fat and rich and blow on the tree and wet with dew - red rose and green leave and bristle thorns , rustling in the breeze , drench with sunshine . melanie be waking up in a bower of rose . Close -up melanie 's face , as she wake up , open she eye . she sit up ; the rose retreat , flatten out and become two-dimensional . she rub she eye . the rose be back on the wallpaper , again . cut to : 33 . Interior . bathroom . Day . Close - up a pair of false tooth , in a glass of water , on a smear glass shelf . melanie , in she pyjamas , stare fascinate at this apparition . there be a mysterious drip noise . the bathroom be a masterpiece of beastliness ; a deep , old - fashioned basin , with a crack in it . a cake of household soap , with fingerprint on it . a grubby roller towel . the lavatory chain have break and be replace with string , to which the original handle - ceramic , inscribe with the legend : pull - have be reattach . no toilet paper , but , hang from a loop of string , a number of sheet of the Daily mail rip into square . the bath stand on four claw foot . above the bath , a large geyser , the expose metal of which have turn green , drip greenish water , the source of the drip noise . beside the geyser , a box of match . melanie pick up the match ; put it down . she put the plug in the washbasin ; the basin fill ; a long red hair wave out on the water . she put she hand in the water . she shiver . it be cold . cut to : 34 . Interior . Kitchen . Day . the kitchen door open : finn come in , carry a couple of bottle of milk . he wear he habitual paint-stain trousers , plus a unbuttone pyjama jacket . he be accompany by the bull terrier who , bark furiously , leap up at melanie , who have be furtively explore the kitchen . she jump . the bull terrier bark and leap up at she and lick she . she retreat behind the table , which be ready laid for breakfast . her hair be in tight plait again . finn you be the early bird ! after the late night you have . he clatter the milk bottle down on the table . finn curle up on the landing like love lock out ! melanie ( shy . ) I do like the music . finn I carry you up to you bed . melanie , embarrassed , avert she eye from he naked breast ; she eye meet that of the paint dog hang above the mantelpiece . she edge round the table to get a better look at it . the dog wink at she . she jump again . now finn can see she be wear trousers - black corduroy trousers and a brown polo neck sweater , just what she would wear for a autumn day at home . she look gently , youthfully pretty . but finn be horrify to see the trousers . finn oh no , no , no ! you must go and change you clothes . now , this minute . melanie turn round , startle , inquire , scarcely believe she ear . finn he can not abide a woman in trousers . he say a woman in trousers be a sin against nature . melanie a sin against what ? finn slip up and change into a skirt , else he will create something terrible . do not you want to make a good impression on you first day ? melanie pause with she hand on the doorknob . she be frosty and affront , but anxious too . she do want to make a good impression . melanie be there anything else I should know about he ? finn speak when you be speak to . he like he woman quiet . melanie glance at the blackboard . melanie ( crisp . ) yes . finn crouch , set a bowl of chop meat down for the dog . melanie reappear in the doorway , look mutinous but wear the same pleate skirt she be wear the previous night . she use to wear it for school . she no longer look like a teenager but like a schoolgirl . finn take in she appearance . finn I see you have plait you hair again . she ignore this . melanie I see he tooth in the bathroom . finn he can take out he smile and keep it on a shelf , but , he bite be worse than he bark , be not that so , old fellow ? the bull terrier bark briefly . melanie mummy be scared of he , I think . he go to she wedding but he be furious , you can see it in the photograph . finn she get away . the hand of the cuckoo clock now stand at half past six . the cuckoo clock whir and emit a stuff cuckoo . a real cuckoo , stuff . it go ' cuckoo ' once , then it disappear behind its front door . melanie be startle and entrance . finn he make that . in he off hour . melanie it 's as though he would trap a real cuckoo inside . finn do not you know he make thing ? Melanie shake she head . finn he 's force to sell the toy , to feed we all . but he keep the other stuff to entertain himself . he look at she assessingly , come to a sudden decision , catch hold of she hand and pull she towards the door . she be startle . finn come and see . melanie tug she hand away but go with he all the same . cut to : 35 . Interior . toyshop . Day . the parrot sit drowsily on he perch as finn and melanie dash through the toyshop . parrot gooday ! gooday ! finn gooday to you , you old bugger . they disappear down to the workshop . a big doll on the counter turn its head sharply , as if to look after they , or perhaps its head have just fall forward by chance . a clockwork mouse , its mechanism probably activate by a sudden change in the atmosphere , come to life and scoot along the counter , squeaking ; it fall off and lie on its back , its wheel whirring . cut to : 36 . Interior . workshop . Day . finn throw a light switch . melanie blink in the sudden light . the basement workshop be a long , white - wash room run the entire length of the house . at the far end , a window , cake with grime and cobweb , give on to a coal hole ; a little daylight could filter in at a angle from a iron grate in the pavement above it . underfoot , on the hard concrete floor , woodshavings . a carpenter 's bench run along one wall , cover with a huge variety of piece of wooden toy and also of limb and so on in the process of be carpenter . a selection of wood - turn tool , plane etc . a decapitate head , hairless , eyeless , featureless , be immediately noticeable . next to it , a jar of eye . there be a painting bench , splatter with paint , hold tin of paint , brushes in jam jar , etc . above it , a shelf of freshly paint toy wait to dry . finn pick up a paint bird and hand it to melanie . finn I be the sorcerer 's apprentice in this establishment . melanie take hold of the bird , caress it . finn I paint the feather and the fur and the skin but himself breathes the life in . from the wall hang jump jack , dance bear and bunch of carve paint limb - arm and leg , also puppet , either fully complete or partially assemble , some almost as tall as melanie -- they hang from both wall and from hook in the ceiling . some be armless , some legless , some headless , some fully paint with wig , some only partially paint without wig . it be a strange sight . also from the wall hang many brightly coloured mask of wild animal and bird . there be also several kind of curious machine with wheel and pulley , and other , archaic- look machine - plane , saw , etc . there be also a lot of wood , with a hatchet stick in it . the atmosphere be that of a toy-maker 's shop , in a somewhat sinister fairy story . finn take she arm and draw she down the room , away from the window , towards a flat , large , box - like construction , hitherto conceal in the murk ; it reach nearly to the ceiling . he flick a switch in the wall and the light in the back part of the workroom come on , revealing the theatre . finn let go of melanie 's arm and advance towards it . unbeknown to she , he have don a mask - the mask of a bird with a fierce beak , a bird of prey . she jump once again to see it . the bird - man stand before the theatre and bow . finn lady and gentleman , boy and girl , welcome to flower 's marionette microcosm . he pull a cord and the curtain open . no scenery except curtain at the back ; on the floor of the stage be collapse , in a tangle of string , the ballerina doll from the pre-title scene ; but the doll be naked , all bare wood and visible joint and dishevel black wig . melanie be upset by this spectacle but try hard to conceal it . finn notice , however . the bird - man cock its head to one side ; it pull the cord and close the theatre curtain again . finn do not fret . it 's only he dream . dream be not catch , not like measle . melanie I do not know about the puppet . it 's a lot to take in , all at once . he turn off the light in that part of the workroom . they retreat back to the bunch of dismember limb . suddenly , finn streak off down the workshop in a series of wonderful cartwheel . melanie , amaze , look up ; he land on the painting bench , take off the mask with a flourish . she try to smile but cannot . her face crumple . melanie I want to go home . finn ( heavy irony . ) Home be where the heart be . melanie I can not go home because there 's no home leave . a great booming overhead ; the go . melanie jump . finn be halfway to the stair already . finn shift yourself , girlie ! cut to : 37 . Interior . Kitchen landing . Day . a man block the head of the stairway , with the light behind he , so only a great block of shadow be visible . he be hold a round watch . the stair light come on . uncle philip be visible , a big , big man , impassive of face , in white shirtsleeve , a waistcoat . philip improperly dress , young Finn . he make as if to aim a blow with the back of he hand at finn . finn seize he jacket from the coat rack , hastily button it . philip look over finn 's shoulder at melanie . melanie I be Melanie . philip you be late for breakfast . melanie 's point - of-view shot through the door , in the kitchen , everybody else - margaret , francie , even victoria -- sit stiffly around the table , wait , look like waxwork , in a terrible morning silence . cut to : 38 . Interior . Kitchen . Day . Breakfast be just come to a end ; knife and fork be be set together on plate grease and curd with bacon and fry egg . uncle philip , a vast , moustach , impressive figure at the head of the table , have a huge white linen napkin tuck into he collar ; he seize this napkin , tear it off , throw it in he plate . philip this morning 's plan of action , be as follow : the big girl to stay with she auntie in the shop , to learn the price of thing and where they be keep , the child to stay with they and occupy herself whilst get into as little trouble as possible and - jonathon scrape he chair . jonathon ( greatly dare . ) May I go and work on my boat , please ? philip cast he eye upon the boat on the mantelpiece . philip that 's plastic . you make it from a kit . not you own creation . try harder . jonathon sit back , shame . philip he will come with I . see how a real craftsman work . downstair in five minute . philip exit . the door slam . finn light a cigarette , sweet afton . jonathon he do not ask we name . finn he know you name . victoria dissolves in tear . margaret cuddle she . melanie she 's not accustom to be ignore . finn she will have to learn . melanie ( faintly . ) what about school ? the elder brother and sister exchange troubled look . francie ( gently . ) too late in the term to start . cut to : 39 . Interior . shop. Day . montage of select toy - clockwork toy ; paint horse on wheel , elaborately dress doll ; doll ' house . margaret turn the key that set in motion a cage of clockwork sing bird . more toy - a jump jack , a tambourine . margaret produce a wooden model of two man hammer at a anvil . she activate it for victoria . victoria activate it for herself , laugh . melanie climb on a chair , to dust the high shelf with a feather duster . a jump jack hang from a nail be activate by she activity , or activate itself ; at any rate , the grin wooden figure contrive to hitch she skirt up over she knee . although there be nobody to spy on she , melanie be discomfite . cut to : 40 . Interior . workroom . Day . philip lift down the jar of eye from the shelf and select a brown one . holding it in he right hand , he insert it in the wooden head he hold in he leave hand . finn , at the painting bench , be painting spot on a wooden bird . jonathon have be sweeping up ; he prop the broom against the wall . philip come here , young feller . jonathon edge towards he . philip put down the head and pick up a chisel . philip ever see one of this ? jonathon no , sir . philip Sir be it ? Mark that , young Finn . here - philip give jonathon the chisel . he gesture to the carpenter 's bench . philip here 's a bit of wood . try it ! jonathon nervously attack a piece of wood with a chisel . philip there . see ? Wood 's get life in it . not like plastic . jonathon gingerly make he first incision . finn watch with a touch of irony . the chisel slip and cut jonathon a little . he do not cry out but say ' oh ' soundlessly . philip look smug . philip butterfinger . Wood 's get life in it . look . he take hold of the wood and gently touch it with he chisel . it sprout a twig from the incision ; the twig sprout a leaf . cut to : 41 . Interior . toyshop . Day . the doorbell ring as customer leave . next to the blackboard lie the hammer man toy ; a hammer have be damage . melanie ring up seven pound and ten shilling on the till . she look down at the counter , which be a mass of toy remove from they box and tissue paper . she start pack up ; she begin with the gigantic and beautiful noah 's ark , with all the animal display round about it -- lion , tiger , zebras , kangaroos , etc. , two of each . the ark itself be beautifully and brightly paint , too . she pick up the animal , stow they away inside the ark , smile and laugh at they charm . her hand look very big . she peek at the price tag on the mast and be startle to see it read : ' seventy five guinea ' . melanie gosh ! philip emerge from the doorway . philip it 's a fair price for the work . a man must charge a fair price . that 's economics . he walk round the front of the counter . philip and you be careful with they thing . they be you bread and butter now . he pick up the damage toy tenderly . philip do you do this ? melanie Victoria - philip what ? do you let that child play with one of my toy ? I do not like child play with my toy . ( he address the break toy . ) have to fix you up with another hammer , will not we . give she a saucepan to play with , that will do . cut to : 42 . Interior . bathroom . night . victoria stand expectantly beside the bath as margaret , equip with a taper , carefully light the geyser . bang ! victoria squeal , applaud . melanie watch . margaret turn on the spigot , hot water trickle out . she turn to melanie , as if to say : it 's easy ! melanie start to unbutton victoria 's dress . victoria auntie undress I ! margaret look at melanie with inquiry in she eye . melanie laugh , get out of the way . cut to : 43 . exterior . Front of toyshop . Day . Close - up a card hang on the shop door . it read : ' half day close , Wednesday ' . francie and margaret stand at the first - floor window look out , smile down at the street below , as finn and melanie , melanie in she school raincoat but with she hair flow down she back , walk off together along the pavement - a considerable amount of pavement between they , but all the same , together . the bull terrier follow they for a little way . francie and margaret turn away from the window , towards one another , still smile . cut to : 44 . exterior . park. Day . as woodsy , neglect and romantic a park as may be . uncare - for bush and shrub ; tall grass , bracken , gorse . finn take melanie 's hand , help she over a fall tree-stump bloom with yellow fungi . melanie I do not think London would be like this . she jump . a stone Pan , with pipe in hand , be leer at she through the bramble . she drop finn 's hand as if stung . the wood be full of statue - dryad , nymph , egyptian figure , victorian philanthropist - any and every kind of statue , overgrown with moss , ivy and lichen , stand among the bramble . finn a hundred year ago , the Queen of England throw a big party and everyone who be still there at cockcrow turn to stone . they pass beneath the bough of a scrubby tree ( hawthorn , cover with red berry ) and find themselves on a relatively open hillside , where the mist be gather . it be already grow dark . out of the mist and shadow emerge a rococo plinth , daube with vandal ' initial and pierce heart , etc . the plinth be surround by sting nettle , and bush and it be empty of its statue . finn now she 's the Queen of the waste land . fall from the plinth , among the nettle , be a lavish statue of Queen Victoria , break in two at the waist , overgrown with lichen , muddy . finn kneel beside the top half , take out a grubby handkerchief , wipe away some of the mud from Queen Victoria 's face . a little stream of water run out of she eye . melanie she 's a fall woman , poor thing . they look extraordinarily lyrical and romantic in the misty park , surround by bare tree , the red-haire boy and the dark - haire girl . melanie look at finn in contemptuous challenge . melanie what be you wait for ? finn kiss she . finn put he tongue in she mouth . melanie leap backward . she slap he face . hard . finn ( genuinely puzzle . ) what be that in aid of ? melanie get away from I ... she thrust she hand in she pocket , stamp off across the park . finn you do not know the way home ! melanie toss she head , stride onwards without a backward look . finn follow the rapidly depart melanie across the field , more slowly , crestfallen . he kick a tuft of nettle . finn damn ... damn ... cut to : 45 . Interior . Girls ' bedroom . night . melanie fling she coat on the bed . she have not bother to turn on the light . she throw herself down on the bed , thrust she face into the pillow . her shoulder start to heave . she be laugh . she dig Edward bear out from the cover . melanie do you think he do it right , Edward bear ? do you think he know ... how to do it ? have cheer herself up , she now sit up . at the heart of one of the rose on the wallpaper , something gleam . holding the bear , melanie lean forward . she see a hole in the wall . she apply she eye to it . melanie 's point - of-view shot : the two , neat bed . the square of carpet . a chair , with a open fiddle case on it . a painting , hang on the wall . she squirm , to get a better view . Close - up the painting . it be of melanie , it be a nude , do with a emblematic stiff chasteness ; she be hang about with black hair and have a black ribbon tie round she upper arm . she hold a red apple on the outstretch palm of she hand . finn come into melanie 's field of vision , walk on he hand . she get up soundlessly , push the chair against the wall and hang she cardigan over the back , thus conceal the hole . she be half - furious , half -amuse , mutter admonition under she breath . cut to : 46 . Interior . Kitchen . Day . the bull terrier nudge the kitchen door ajar . philip and margaret be alone . margaret 's hair be pin up . margaret wear the same drab black dress she wear in the open sequence . she bow she neck submissively before philip and he ceremoniously place round she neck the silver collar she wear in the open sequence . her head jerk up ; the collar be so tight and so constrict she have to hold she head high while she be wear it . it be a barbaric - look object , studd with precious stone . it look very old . cut to : 47 . Interior . workshop . night . a poster advertise ' performance tonight ' . margaret descend the ladder last . she wear she black dress and the collar . the child stand in a subdued group , all very neat , clean and smart . Three extra chair have be provide in front of the theatre , whence emerge bang and thump . margaret shepherd they to they place . francie stand in front of the theatre , fiddle under chin . finn emerge from between the curtain tense and preoccupy . he turn off the main light . now the workshop be light only by the footlight of the theatre . finn duck back between the curtain . francie tune up : then wait , fiddle under chin . bow extend . philip open the curtain and step out . he wear a dinner jacket . philip lady and gentleman , boy and girl , welcome . margaret applaud ; she gesture to jonathon and melanie to applaud . they do so . philip tonight we celebrate the grand open of the winter season of flower 's marionette microcosm . we present a original drama entitle ' a artist 's Passion ' . he disappear backwards through the curtain . francie begin to play something very romantic . cut to : 48 . Interior . theatre . night. ' live statue . ' francie be play beautifully . when the curtain open , it be as though a window have open on to another place - a enchant place . on the stage , it be a night of radiant moonlight . the backcloth be paint with the flower of a magical garden , the most glorious and unlikely flower ; finn have have a field day - blue rose the size of cabbage , purple tiger lily . Centre stage be a cupola , in white , fancy , lace - like ironwork , twine with glorious rose , on which hover a couple of gauzy butterfly . the cupola contain a plinth on which stand the figure of a young woman in a romantic white dress , white stocking , white ballet slipper - a garden nymph out of a ballet ; and she be cover in wet white , to simulate marble or plaster . she be a puppet pretend to he a garden statue . the only thing wrong with she be , she have no face ; it be a blank . applause over . Interior . auditorium . night margaret applaud furiously . she nudge melanie and jonathon to applaud , too . melanie be confuse and upset by this faceless girl in the garden but , at margaret 's urging , she applaud , without enthusiasm . victoria why have not the lady get any eye ? margaret hurriedly pop a piece of chocolate into victoria 's mouth . Interior . theatre . night . a young man enter , wear a white smock and floppy bow tie ; he scare the butterfly , they flutter away . he be a artist and carry a big palette in one hand , a paint brush in the other . philip ( out of vision . ) the creator add the last vital tints to he masterpiece . the artist be tall enough to be able to pass he hand lightly over the nymph 's empty face ; when he draw he hand away , she have eye , nose , a rosebud mouth - all complete . a real face - but everything be still white and stiff ; like a death mask . the artist dip he brush in the red on he palette and apply the tip of he brush to she lip . then he stand back . he release hold of the palette and brush , which whisk off up into the pie . ( finn be operate the artist , whose movement be somewhat clumsier than the nymph 's . ) the face of the nymph and she expose limb flood with colour and she eyelash flutter ; but then be still again . she make no movement . Hand on heart , the artist mime adoration . philip ( out of view . ) how can the artist transmit life to that which be he own creation and express the very depth of he be ? the artist take the statue in he arm , lift it bodily from the plinth and kiss it on the lip . her eyelid flutter . her bosom heave . her lip part . she awake . she run she finger through she plaster or marble hair - it turn back into black ringlet that she shake out delightedly . she stretch out she arm , flexe she finger ; she stretch she leg , point she toe . the artist set she down lightly on the ground , to a renew wave of applause from the auditorium ; they begin to dance , a ecstatic pas de deux among the moonlit flower . the gauzy butterfly return . Close -up melanie watch , childishly suck she thumb ; she be obscurely distress by this girl in white , in the moonlit garden . the pas de deux conclude in a tremendous arabesque for the nymph ; there be a tumult of applause . as the applause die away , the artist turn to he creation and sink to he knee . he raise he hand ; he beseech she . she hover en Pointe , unsure of he intention ; she retreat , prettily confuse . he turn . francie strike a move chord . the artist pluck , out of the air , a golden ring - a big , thick , chunky wedding ring . Interior . auditorium . night . margaret cough ; she hastily cover she mouth with she hand , revealing she wedding ring . philip ( out of vision . ) the artist offer he creation he heart , he hand , he very be . Interior . theatre . night . the artist offer the nymph the ring . she laugh musically . she shake she head flirtatiously . he rise . he stamp he foot and beseech again . she shake she head emphatically , pull a rise off the pergola and throw it at he . it strike he in the face . she laugh soundlessly , then run off and crouch behind the plinth . the artist follow ; she dart off , to crouch in a corner of the stage , still laugh . philip ( out of vision . ) each man kill the thing he love . the artist reach beneath he smock and draw out a knife . the blade of the knife catch the light and flash . francie play a menace phrase . Interior . auditorium . night . the flash blade reflect on jonathon 's glass , that flash with that light , too . victoria whimper and bury she head in margaret 's lap . margaret stroke she hair . melanie be sit up very straight , she hand clench in she lap ; she eye glisten with tension . Interior . theatre . night . knife raise , the artist run towards the nymph . the nymph mimic fear almost too well : there be a sense of real danger . francie repeat the menace phrase . the nymph run around the stage ; the artist trap she with he arm . she throw herself at he foot , plead for mercy . he raise the knife . he bring it down . Interior . auditorium . night . Close - up melanie , involuntarily close she eye . Interior . theatre . night . finn ( out of vision . ) whoops ! the knife , which be perfectly real , perfectly sharp , have , by bizarre accident and finn 's clumsiness - cut through one of the string that uphold the nymph . what happen next happen in slow motion as the girl turn back into a doll . first , one arm drop to the floor with a dull , wooden thud - the hand splat out and disarticulate . she jerk about on she string ; philip be try to get she away , but she dress be tangle up in the pergola . the artist jerk around on he string ; finn be try to disentangle the artist - and , in do so , he slice through another string , so that the other arm drop . then - bang ! the torso ; and , as the puppet wrestle , she head fall , too . and shatter . it turn out the head be make of porcelain . there be fragment of shattered porcelain all over the stage floor ; a pair of blue marble , the eye - pearly false tooth - a delicate little ear - mass and mass of silky black hair . the artist 's arm drop to he side . he sag forward on he string , completely inhuman look , a doll once move . from aloft , clear and irrepressible , come the sound of finn 's laughter . the tension ease immediately ; the audience rustle with relief . Interior . auditorium . night . melanie have open she eye , unclench she fist , smile . victoria remove she head from margaret 's lap . then melanie 's smile be replace by a look of pure horror . finn 's laughter modulate into a scream . he fall down from the fly , seem to fall endlessly , he long red hair drift after he as if he be fall through water , somersault as he fall . he land with a crash , on top of the dismember puppet and lie there , look completely dislocate . the only sound be he terrible sobbing attempt to breathe . francie and margaret both know that something like this be inevitable one day , but be as if transfix . except that tear flood soundlessly down melanie 's cheek . the child be very distress . victoria wail . jonathon , jerk into reality , clap he hand to he mouth . melanie half -rise . margaret try and try but cannot bend she head down to comfort victoria because of the collar . tear splash on to victoria 's face . melanie turn towards they as francie put he arm round they both . philip come on stage , in dinner jacket and bow tie . he be straighten the bow tie . he look down at prone finn . philip wo not use he to work the puppet again . finn remain motionless . philip look out at the audience ; suddenly he point to melanie . philip I will use you instead of a puppet , miss . melanie be startle but do not appreciate fully the implication of this . francie and margaret be horrify and distress . finn be the most horrify of all . he moan loudly . he struggle to sit half - upright , blood trickle from the corner of he mouth . he collapse again . philip ( almost to himself ) after all , why should not the girl do something for she keep . God know she eat enough . she 's not too big , she will not be out of scale . ( out loud ; firmly . ) that 's settle . cut to : 49 . Interior . Girls ' room . night . victoria be have a bad dream ; melanie be cuddle she in she arm in bed . she wear she cardigan round she shoulder . as victoria quieten down , melanie see a glimmer of candlelight through the hole in the wall . melanie settles victoria down and tiptoe to the wall . melanie 's point - of-view shot : finn , very pale , lie on the bed , look like ' the death of chatterton ' . francie in shirtsleeve have just light a candle and be cupping the flame with he hand to protect it as it flicker into life . after a moment , francie dribble melt wax from the candle on to the floorboard and fix the candle into it next to finn 's bed . finn 's bed be bank by many , many light candle . he have not move . francie , now fully , rather elaborately dress in he best suit , stand at the foot of the bed , tuning he fiddle . we see melanie watch through the spy-hole . cut to : 50 . Interior . Brothers ' bedroom . night . francie begin to play . at first , finn do not move . then he shudder convulsively jerk and twist . the candle flame shiver , create grotesque shadow . francie go on play . finn quieten down , stop struggle , roll over , knuckling he eye . the fiddle music come to a end . cut to : 51 . Interior . Kitchen . Day . the entire family be assemble around the table , have tea . philip , especially , be make a hearty meal from the spread - shrimp , a bowl of mustard and cress , bread and butter ... and drink enthusiastically from he tea cup . margaret wear she black dress and the big , heavy , jewell collar and can only eat with the utmost difficulty . she look wonderful , beautiful and strange as some pagan deity , but one shrimp alone lie on she plate and she pull off its whisker one by one . she try a swallow of tea , and choke . finn dart up , pat she on the back . philip watch she , relishing she discomfort . margaret finish peel she shrimp , then slip it to victoria . philip ai not you have a bite more to eat , Margaret ? she look at he with wounded eye . there be a terrible silence . finn be deathly pale . philip pour we more tea , Margaret . margaret quivering with nerve , slop tea into the saucer of the cup she pass to philip . philip live with the irish ; live like pig . margaret make a wild , conciliatory gesture that knock over a cup . it spill tea all over the tablecloth . philip click he tongue against he tooth . philip tut , tut . finn Excuse I . he get up , limp out , in very bad shape , still . melanie watch he leave . her face be full of anguish . cut to : 52 . Interior . toyshop . Day . a very elegant woman , who look like Barbara goalen , the great fifty model , in a winter white - tweed suit and hat , a startling apparition in the cobwebby shop , be have the noah 's ark pack in a box . she be lean on a furle umbrella ; she look bored . melanie , pack the noah 's ark , steal the elegant woman a sidelong look ; she mother look like that . the elegant lady do not like to be look at by melanie , who be lank - haire and grubby , in she wear , grubby skirt and sweater , she knee sock , she lace - up . melanie tie the string and strike the cash register with a clang . it show seventy - five guinea . melanie there ! the lady take the huge parcel in she arm ; she balance on she high heel , open the door while grubby melanie watch ironically . so do the parrot . jonathon be lurking in the basement doorway , wait for the lady to be go , full of suppress excitement . lady ( ironically . ) thanks ! the doorbell clang behind she ; jonathon rush into the shop . he hand melanie a beautiful toy boat , not a three - master but a very fashionable sailing boat . he be burst with pride . melanie admire the boat . philip loom up behind they . philip put it in the window . it ought to fetch at least ten guinea . jonathon I be earning my keep , sir ! philip not yet , you be not . he brushes jonathon aside and descend into basement . jonathon linger , hurt . he pick the boat up , doubtfully . melanie scribbles Fifteen guineas on a price ticket and tie it on to the mast . jonathon read the ticket , look up , smile at melanie . cut to : 53 . Interior . Kitchen . night . melanie be unfold length of white chiffon from a paper bag on the table . other paper bag lie on the table . margaret dip into a paper bag , produce a armful of flower - real flower , rose and carnation - and throw they over melanie . melanie spin round and round , unfold the chiffon , flower whirling , and emerge in a chiffon tunic , crown with flower , she black hair flow everywhere , laugh . look wonderful , and like a victorian painting of a nymph . in soft focus . we see jonathon stand in the doorway . jonathon uncle Philip want Melanie downstairs straightaway . melanie come back into hard focus . the crown of flower be obviously artificial . melanie be sulky . melanie can I keep my shoe on ? I will need my coat to go downstairs , it 's freezing away from the fire - cut to : 54 . Interior . workshop . night . the entire workshop be brightly light . the curtain of the theatre be open ; finn be onstage , in overall , surround by paint , painting a backcloth show a brightly coloured sunset over the sea . on the carpenter 's bench , a big , ominously sheeted shape . philip squat on the floor with a mound of white feather on a spread sheet before he . he be sorting the feather into smaller pile . there be feather and down catch in he moustache . melanie , flower in she hair , huddle in she school raincoat , bare foot in sensible shoe stand sullenly in front of he . jonathon go and stand beside philip . philip ignore he . philip take off that wrap . she do so . the only sound be the slap , slap of finn 's paint brush as he fill in a area of the sky . philip you be well build ; how old be you ? melanie sixteen . well , nearly sixteen . philip I want my leda to be a little girl . leda and the swan . see ? he gesture towards the sheeted shape on the carpenter 's table . philip Big swan , little leda . but you be a big girl . do you have period ? melanie be aghast . finn continue painting , but mutter : finn what 's that to do with swan ? jonathon move away from philip , scared , anticipate blow . philip ( equably . ) keep you mouth shut , Finn . I will talk to she how I please . finn suspend painting . finn I can say what I like . philip look at he thoughtfully , stroking he moustache . philip oh no you can not . get on with the painting . melanie it 's all right , Finn . philip look smugly at finn . finn look mutinous , then defeat . finn pick up he brush and carry on painting . philip ( to melanie . ) I suppose you will do . turn round . ( melanie turn round . ) smile . ( melanie smile . ) not like that . show you tooth . ( melanie smile and show she tooth . ) you have get a bit of a look of you mother . none of you father , thank God . should have see he face when I turn up at the wedding . think I would come to drag she away with I . but I know she be go for good . you have get a fair bit of you mother in you , though . momentarily , he seem almost sentimental and melanie be bewilder , a little scared , but he soon snap out of it and order briskly . philip walk up and down . melanie clump up and down in she tunic and she lace - up shoe . philip not very graceful , be you . Finn O'Connor ! ( finn look around . ) teach she how to shift herself . ( finn stop painting , stare at philip . ) you use to fancy yourself at the light fantastic . ( finn stare . ) get on with it . melanie look from philip to finn , puzzle : she start to move towards the theatre . philip not down here . you will spoil the set . upstair . he go back to sorting the feather . finn lay he paint brush across the tin of paint . cut to : 55 . Interior . Brothers ' bedroom . night . they be shy and nervous with one another . finn open a drawer in the chest of drawer , take out a shell - a beautiful , rosy pink , tropical shell . melanie where do you get that ? she look in the drawer . it be cramme with precious shell , lump of coral , piece of glitter mineral . finn we bring they with we from over the sea . he set the shell down on a empty strip of linoleum . finn that 's you beach . this be the story . leda walk by the shore , gather shell . ( he indicate the shell . ) night come on . she hear the beat of great wing and see the approach of the swan . she run away but it bear down and cast she to the ground . curtain . melanie be that all ? finn ( with irony . ) ah , you should see the swan ! his masterpiece . now , walk along the beach and stoop to pick up the shell . melanie take she shoe off . as she do so , a wave break on the linoleum , swish around the leg of the furniture . cut to : 56 . Interior . Beach . dusk . the furniture remain , huge and outlandish , on a desolate expanse of wet sand . melanie , watch by finn , walk along , bend down , retrieve the shell . she be nervous and walk clumsily . neither she nor finn give any indication they be not still in the bedroom . finn that will not do . make it flow . he walk along the imaginary beach , but he be no longer graceful ; he hobble . he stop short . finn try again . she walk a little more gracefully . finn that 's a bit better . now do it again . I will be the swan . she walk gracefully along the imaginary beach . he stand on tiptoe , raise and lowering he arm . he be purposefully grotesque . finn swish , swish , that 's the beat of my wing . when you hear that , you put a spurt on . he limp along , beat he arm in the air . she look behind she , run a few step . she can not help giggle . finn he will turn you out if you do not do what he want , Melanie ! ( sober , she run . ) you run , you stumble and I bear you to the ground with my enormous pinion . she run , she stumble , she fall on the sand , she open she arm to receive finn as he do a neatly choreograph dancer 's fall on top of she . she welcome he . finn lie with he face press into melanie 's shoulder , so that we can not see he expression . his hand lie on the sand . she pick it up , examine it - callouse , paint stain . she caress and kiss the hand , very tenderly . cut to : 57 . Interior . Brothers ' room . night , as before . finn have vanish . melanie slowly sit up , angry , hurt and puzzle . she look round the room . she look under the bed . smoke drift out of the keyhole of the cupboard . she open the cupboard door . a suit hang on a hanger ; some white shirt on a shelf on top of the cupboard , he head and body conceal by the clothing . his hand come out and tap ash on to the floor from he cigarette . melanie inspect the sole of he foot . melanie Finn , there 's a splinter in you leave foot . ( silence . ) if you do not let I take the splinter out , it will fester . finn ( muffled by clothing . ) go away . melanie ( a wail . ) what do I do wrong ? finn part the shirt and look out . he be angry and mutinous . finn I will not do it because he want I to do it , even if I want to do it . melanie do what ? ( pause . ) oh , I see . finn you be only a young thing . melanie ( stung . ) you be not so old yourself ! finn live with he put year on I . he pull the shirt together again , hide himself . the agitation of the coat hanger disturb the painting on the top shelf ; they slither to the ground . a formal portrait . it show philip , naked but for he bowler , sit in the same pose as the white bull terrier in the picture in the kitchen , wear margaret 's silver collar round he neck . a leash be attach to this collar . margaret stand , hold the leash , look spectacular - brilliant green cloak around she shoulder , on she head , a spiky crown . melanie direct a remark at the smoking wardrobe . melanie wishful think . finn make no response . she stow the picture away on top of the wardrobe . she pick up another ; it be the nude of herself that she only glimpse through the spy-hole . it remain unfinish . melanie you never finish it . finn part the shirt again , not angry now , but melancholy . finn that be wishful think , too . melanie touch she own paint breast . melanie all the same , I would like to keep it ... in my room ... if you do not mind ... there be not any mirror in the house . finn look at she directly and , after a moment , he smile . there be a sudden flurry of rain on the bedroom window . distract from one another , both glance at the window , the incipient tenderness between they evaporate . cut to : 58 . exterior . Square . Day . it be raining . rain lash against the shop window . in the shop window , firework be pile in decorative pile : also many more mask than usual be hang . in the square garden , a huge bonfire be under process of construction ; chair , table etc . stick out from the pile of rubbish . two shouting kid trundle past the window with a limp , floppy guy drag behind they in a orange box fitte up with pram wheel . they hold newspaper over they head to keep the rain off . philip , rain drip off the brim of he bowler , cross the road to reach the shop . the kid accost he . first child penny for the guy , guv - philip brushes past brusquely , jangling the shop - door bell . second child mean bastard . cut to : 59 . Interior . Kitchen . night . the blackboard read ' special performance . tonight . melanie 's debut . ' towel be warming over the fireguard . margaret remove they . cut to : 60 . Interior . bathroom . night . melanie sit in the bath . she scrub she elbow vigorously with a nail brush ; then she raise she leave leg and scrub the hard skin behind she heel . then the right leg . then she plunge right under the water and come up stream and gasp . she have bring she portrait with she and propped it against the geyser . she scrutinize the nude image earnestly - there be not a hint of she earlier , dreamy self - obsession ; now she really want to know what she look like . the geyser have do its work well . the window have mist up with condensation . margaret bring in the towel . she hold a towel open for melanie to step into , as if she be a little girl . melanie raise herself in the bath ; the portrait tip up and tumble into the water . melanie snatch it up ; the colour be run , she feature be already blur . she look up at margaret with a frighten face . margaret quickly scrawl with she finger in the condensation on the window : '- silly -' she envelop melanie in a towel and rub she briskly , drying she at the same time , tickle she to make she laugh . cut to : 61 . Interior . theatre . night . we be inside the curtain , onstage . the stage be heape with real sand , shell , starfish etc . the backcloth be paint with a lugubrious sunset . philip and melanie be onstage . she be dress and ready , with flower in she long , loose hair . philip nod . he climb the ladder to the catwalk . melanie kick at the sand with a bare foot . she look upwards ; she see finn , foreshortened , squatting on the catwalk above the stage . he do not smile at she . next to he , rest on the catwalk , be a huge bundle , wrap in a sheet . philip ( Voice over . ) Music ! outside the curtain , francie begin to play selection from swan Lake . the stage light go off leave a brownish gloom . then melanie be transfix by a brilliant spotlight ; she blink and jump . philip ( hiss . ) get start ! the curtain open but melanie can see nothing beyond the stage because of the light . philip , overhead and unseen cough . melanie spread out she skirt , bend , pick up a shell , put it in she skirt . philip ( reciting over . ) ' leda gather shell by the shore in approach dusk . Little do she know that almighty jove have pick she out to be he mate . ' applause . aloft , philip beat on the metal go which have be transfer above . startle , melanie drop she shell . philip ' the sound of thunder announce the presence of the majestic visitant . ' enter the swan , lower down from above . melanie giggle in spite of herself then clamp she hand over she mouth . margaret smile , to encourage melanie . margaret 's point- of-view shot : from the audience , it look as though a beautiful , very stylize swan be descend in a piece of clever stage magic . but , from melanie 's point - of-view shot , there be no illusion . the swan be a egg-shape sphere , paint white , coat with glue - on feather . the neck loll comically . the wing be like that of model aeroplane , again coat with glue - on feather . its black , rubber leg be tuck up underneath it . melanie remember to mime astonishment . the swan 's foot come down and it land on they with a thud . its head point towards melanie . melanie be freeze in she mime of horror ; she be fascinate by the ingenuity and vaguely suggestive ugliness of the swan . the swan 's wing heat steadily up and down , disturbing melanie 's hair . a rise blow away . philip ( Voice over . ) ' leda attempt to flee she heavenly suitor but he beauty and majesty bear she to the ground . ' the swan 's beat wing blow the sand around . melanie remember to run a few step ; she look back - splat , splat ! on its rubber foot ; the swan be follow she . up above , philip , smile narrowly , be direct the swan 's movement . philip ' the innocent girl 's thigh tremble . her loin melt . she fall . ' melanie 's point- of-view shot : a white , monstrous shape be advance upon she in the floury glare of the spotlight . the light be in she eye and she can not see it properly . the swan 's head rear up and towards she . melanie try to run and fall . the screen be fill with the image of the great , beat wing . philip ( Voice over . ) ' almighty jove in the form of a swan wreak he will . ' melanie scream . Roaring of the beat wing . no other sound - the music have stop , no sound from the audience . cut to : 62 . Interior . theatre . night . from aloft , philip be look down with satisfaction at the girl lie on she back , dress dishevel , eye close . the swan dangle beside she harmlessly , on its string . the stage curtain be close , again . finn have cover he eye . the applause from the outside begin . melanie slowly sit up and look around . finn look down from the catwalk as philip , the swan and a shake melanie take a bow . philip put he arm proudly round the swan . the little audience applaud mechanically . jonathon whisper to margaret : jonathon I do not like that play . margaret pass he a toffee . her eye do not leave melanie , who still look stunne . Close -up melanie , look stunne . cut to : 63 . Interior . Girls ' bedroom . night . a nightlight be burn . victoria be asleep ; melanie lie still but wakeful , open -ey unable to sleep . a withere geranium fall off the plant in the window . there be a scratch at the door . renewed scratch . melanie sit up . melanie ( sharp . ) who 's there ? finn ( Voice over . whisper . ) let I in . melanie be visibly relieved . melanie ( whisper . ) the door 's not lock . finn , haggard , sidle in . finn can I come into bed with you for a little while , I feel terrible . melanie well ... yes . all right . but - finn ah , come on now ! he kick off he shoe . melanie move victoria over to the wall , to make room for finn . finn would you mind hold I in you arm for a little while ? melanie Finn - finn I be cold . she put she arm round he , clumsily . his tooth be chatter . melanie you be cold . where have you be ? finn I finish it off . melanie you do what ? cut to : 64 . Interior . theatre . night . finn ( Voice over . ) I chop it into little piece . the swan hang by its string in the middle of the stage . the scene be light by a huge , ominous - look yellow moon ; night have arrive on the beach , with moon and star on the backcloth . the swan look huge , ugly , ridiculous and malign , with its neck roll a little from side to side . finn , with one blow from a hatchet , strike off the head at the base of the neck . it fall to the floorboard which be still cover with sand , where it writhes like a snake . finn stamp on the swan 's neck and head , trample it until it stop writhe . now the wing open and beat frenziedly , the swan 's body agitate itself dreadfully on its string . finn lop off a wing . it drift to the ground . the other wing beat and beat on the air ; he grab hold of it , lop that one off too . the little rubber foot be still go up and down . more and more slowly . finn raise the hatchet , split the swan open down the back with a rending sound of chop wood . the little foot stop move . with one blow of the hatchet , he slice the mutilate swan away from its string . it fall to the ground with a thud . finn , surveying the wreckage , begin to laugh . cut to : 65 . Interior . Girls ' bedroom . night , as before . melanie he will murder you when he find out . finn he will be look for another apprentice . melanie I hope he do not pick on jonathon . finn can you move over a wee bit ? melanie gently nudge victoria towards the side of the bed . melanie the swan be so ridiculous . all the same , it do scare I . finn ( derisively . ) almighty jove in the shape of a swan . the bed begin to shake . melanie rear up . melanie stop it ! finn I have get a present for you ... melanie ( warning . ) Finn ... finn in my pocket . he hand she a paint egg , with a pair of naked lover paint on it in the naive style . melanie cup it in she hand , wonder . finn it 's a swan 's egg . he yawn , he eye close , open again . he smile at melanie . hesitant at first , she smile back . they hug . finn be eye close again , he sleep . melanie stow away the egg safe under the bed . Close -up melanie 's face , on the verge of sleep . cut to : 66 . Interior . jonathon 's bedroom . night . Close -up jonathon 's glass , lie on he chair beside the bed . this reflect melanie 's face . melanie in she pyjamas , be stand by jonathon 's bed , look down at he . jonathon stir and murmur . jonathon open he eye . jonathon 's point- of-view shot : the room be blurred and myopic . he reach out for he glass , put they on ; the image clear . melanie I think you should go , now , jonathon . jonathon sit up in bed . jonathon what do you mean ? run away to sea ? a seagull fly in through the bedroom door . jonathon look up . cut to : 67 . Interior . workshop . night . the workshop be full of the crash of breaker . the theatre be a square box glow with light . melanie and jonathon run towards the theatre . jonathon be fully dress , melanie in pyjamas . the curtain fly open ; the light of brilliant day flood into the room from finn 's paint seashore , which transform itself into a real beach under jonathon and melanie 's eye . leda 's shell , and a pile of splinter wood and feather lie on the stage , but they look like silly stage prop , now . it be brilliant early morning on the beach , now . cut to : 68 . exterior . Beach . Day . jonathon and melanie run along the beach until they come to a small row boat with a pair of oar ready in the rowlock beach on the sand . cut to : exterior . sea. Day . jonathon in the row boat , scull out to sea ; he blazer bother he ; he slip it off . jonathon 's glass mist over with spray . t'sk with irritation , he snatch they off and throw they into the sea . jonathon 's point- of-view shot : melanie , clear and distinct , stand wave on the beach . cut to : 69 . Interior . staircase . Morning . melanie , very anxious , race upstairs to jonathon 's bedroom . cut to : 70 . Interior . jonathon 's bedroom . Morning . window open , curtain flap ; the wind blow through the room . the bed be rumple and empty . a pair of crack spectacle trail a little seaweed lie on the floor . melanie rush in and look round . she see the spectacle and pick they up . she look first puzzle , then oddly reassure . cut to : 71 . Interior . bathroom . Morning . melanie enter , turn on the tap , splashes she face with cold water . as she look up , she see philip 's tooth glass empty , except for cloudy water . cut to : 72 . Interior . Girls ' bedroom . Day . finn be sit up in bed , smoking meditatively , while victoria attempt not without difficulty , to put on she own sweater . melanie come in , bear aloft philip 's tooth glass . she offer it to he with a flourish . melanie Philip 's go and take he tooth with he . she empty the content of the tooth glass into the geranium pot . finn reprieve . melanie I know for a fact he do not take jonathon . jonathon go off by himself . finn look sharply at melanie , as if she 's stumble on something important she do not understand ; melanie do not notice . victoria have begin to exhibit distress in she struggle with the sweater and melanie turn to help she . cut to : 73 . Interior . Kitchen . Day . sizzle ! margaret break a egg into a fry pan full of bacon , sausage , black pudding , mushroom , tomato , fry bread . finn , dazzle clean , melanie in trousers , she hair loose , and victoria , be take they place round the table where francie already sit . finn dammit , I be go to sit in he chair . ( sudden silence . concern , even fear . ) do not fret , it can not swallow I up . all the same , he sit down with extreme caution . then , with more confidence , he set he hand on the arm of the chair , look patriarchal . margaret pass plate heape with breakfast . all eat hungrily . finn I be seize with a great and glorious notion . ( pause . inquiring look . ) let 's make today a holiday . himself be absent . and the swan destroy . all stop eat , knife and fork in mid-air in some case . all but melanie , who remain compose . melanie ( calmly . ) he chop it up . she go on with she breakfast . finn I shift it out there . on the bonfire . tonight it will burn . he put unusual emphasis on the word ' burn ' . francie ( with admiration . ) you mad bugger . francie , slow reaction , now throw down he knife and fork and clap finn on the back . francie he chop it up ! he chuckle . then he begin to laugh . victoria , see he , be quickly overcome with laughter . finn laugh . melanie , it take she a little longer time to see the funny side but soon she too laugh . margaret slowly smile . then chuckle . then we hear a musical sound , cymbalon or celesta . it be she laughter . at the sound of she laughter , the man 's voice die away . victoria stop laugh too ; she look solemn and puzzle . margaret go and fetch my silver necklace , Victoria . victoria , laugh , run in with the necklace on she head at a rakish angle . margaret lift the necklace from the little girl 's head and drop a kiss there . the kitchen window be wide open . with some ceremony , margaret go towards it and throw out the silver necklace . it turn over and over , catch the light and shine . it whirl off , into infinity . cut to : 74 . Interior . Kitchen . Day . some time later . the bull terrier be lap guinness from a saucer . francie be play a slow air , margaret sit in philip 's chair , wear cleopatra 's gorgeous robe . the room be a mess , breakfast still unclear and so be lunch - the remain of fish and chip in newspaper . there be several empty bottle of guinness . victoria , surround by the choicest toy from the shop , be asleep on the rag rug , with she head on the sleepy bull terrier . finn sit in the armchair by the fire . melanie sit on the floor at he foot . he be play with she hair . a rocket go by outside . whoosh ! melanie somebody could not wait until dark . finn ( dreamy . ) h be ? melanie nothing ... you should not have give Victoria that guinness . finn it be only a mouthful ! melanie do you think we should take she up to bed ? finn be galvanise into life . finn oh yes , I think we should . melanie dissolves in giggle . the slow air end . finn lean forward , put he finger on melanie 's lip to quiet she giggle . finn ssh ... francie and margaret be lock in a embrace . melanie 's eye grow huge . finn draw she to she foot . cut to : 75 . Interior . Girls ' bedroom . Day . it be grow dark . finn tuck victoria into bed . when she stir , he give she Edward bear . she snuggle down again , content . melanie sit down on the edge of the bed , brood . cut to : 76 . exterior . Square . dusk . philip cross the square ; he look disapprovingly at the bonfire . the swan 's head and beak be visible among the stick and break chair but philip do not see they . cut to : 77 . Interior . Girls ' bedroom . dusk . finn and melanie sit on the edge of the bed , not touch . melanie I think she be fondest of you , because you be the youngest . finn do you now . melanie surely she be older ? finn what difference do that make ? melanie be hugging she arm round herself , as if she 's cold . whoosh ! another rocket fly past the window . cut to : 78 . exterior . Front of shop . dusk . philip stare in blank disbelief at the ' close ' sign on the door . he fish in he pocket , produce a enormous key , start to unlock the door . cut to : 79 . Interior . Girls ' bedroom . dusk , as before . melanie how long have - finn all the time . whoosh - bang ! cut to : 80 . Interior . Kitchen . dusk . there be no light in the kitchen , except for the glow ember of the fire . philip flick the switch . he register shock and horror at the mess . cut to : 81 . Interior . Girls ' room . dusk . melanie crane forward to look out of the window . melanie all that rain be make it hard for the fire to catch . and I do not see the guy . they have not put the guy on the bonfire yet . finn approach she from behind . finn ( sly , yet tender , sexual teasing . ) shall you take all you clothes off now , and I will finish off you portrait ? she dissolves in giggle again , seize he firmly by the shoulder , thrust he back on to the bed . finn careful ! mind the little girl ! they lie without touch , gaze at one another . they suddenly become serious , even grave , as if deliberate the effect of what they may be about to do . cut to : 82 . Interior . landing , dusk . philip 's hand lie on the doorknob of the room opposite the kitchen - the master bedroom . it lie for a moment , as if philip be unwilling to open the door and see what it might contain : then he turn the doorknob . the door open . a beam of unearthly light fall on philip 's face , which be a mask of shock and horror . the mask shatter , like glass , as he mouth open . cut to : 83 . Interior . Girls ' bedroom . dusk . at the sound of a shriek from below , finn and melanie start up from the bed . crash from below . such a crash the dangle light bulb dance , flower fall from the plant . victoria awake . then bang , crash . shriek again . finn hug the sister . all cower together on the bed . crash . cut to : 84 . Interior . the master bedroom . night . the wedding photograph show the child 's parent and philip fall to the ground from the top of a chest of drawer . its glass shatter as philip lunge across the room at margaret , who dart away from he out on to the landing . margaret be scream . philip try to follow but francie make a fly tackle and bring he to the ground . philip bellow . his bowler hat fall off and roll across the floor . he reach inside he coat and produce a chisel . he twist round and threaten francie with the chisel . cut to : 85 . Interior . Girls ' bedroom . night . the door fly open ; margaret stand there . bodice rip , hair stream . she bring with she a huge wind that make the curtain flap , the bedcover flap , the window rattle - the room seem about to take flight . victoria scramble forward , clutches margaret . victoria auntie margrit , auntie margrit ... margaret would I part with you , my treasure ? she scoops up the little girl . she look with infinite sorrow at finn and melanie . finn kiss I before you go . margaret kiss he on the mouth ; for the first time , we register she be much taller than he . she kiss he in a very formal and stately way . her hair billow out round they , conceal he for a moment . then margaret kiss melanie . we be sweep up into the red storm of she hair and let down again . the wind increase in strength . the red storm of hair fill the room . margaret and victoria vanish . literally . when the wind die down , they be no longer there . the noise from downstairs continue unabate . cut to : 86 . Interior . master bedroom . night . francie , menace by the chisel , back away against the bed with its disorder sheet . philip be wind and breathe heavily ; francie , quick on he foot , manage to rush past he . philip lunge at he and sprawl across the bed . cut to : 87 . Interior . Kitchen . night . there be now a terrible silence . devastation , smashed crockery . the cuckoo hang out of the cuckoo clock , mutilate by a knife ; they be bleed . the table be smashed . the chair be smashed . the bull terrier have leapt up on to the mantelpiece and , as finn and melanie enter , jump into the portrait of itself and disappear . finn and melanie look round the room and see nobody . cut to : 88 . Interior . workroom . night . brandish the chisel , philip descend into the workroom , in pursuit of francie . the curtain twitch ; francie disappear inside the theatre . the puppet , hang from they hook stir and tremble . philip , on he way to the theatre , overturn finn 's workbench . toy , paint tin and brushes fall to the floor . the puppet rattle even more . philip francie ? he stride to the theatre , ignore the sand crackle under he foot . from inside the theatre come a mock phrase of fiddle music . philip roar . philip francie ! he tear open the curtain . the paint beach be there . the sand and shell be there . but the swan 's string dangle , empty , and below they , be a pile of splinter and feather . 89 . Interior . shop. night . the parrot be free of its chain and be fly round the shop squawk : no sale ! the shop be in the throes of change ; as finn and melanie slip through , a jack - in - the - box pop up and roar with laughter . doll stir and titter . the toy be come to life . finn and melanie go out through the door . the bell jangle for the last time . the parrot fly out above they head . finn call after the parrot : finn I serve my time , and so do you . cut to : 90 . Interior . workroom . night . francie sit on the catwalk in the fly , fiddle under he chin , look down at philip , who be stir the refuse of the swan with he foot . the hatchet lie among a pile of splinter and feather . francie play a mock , ironic phrase on the fiddle . philip look up at he , and hiss . philip who touch my swan ? francie play another mock ironic phrase . philip lunge for the ladder to the catwalk , trip over the hatchet and thump on to the stage . there be a rustling and a click in the workroom . slowly , out of the shadow , come the puppet : they descend from they hook , ' the artist ' , the coppelia doll , some with face and clothes , many uncompleted , featureless one . they move towards the theatre , with a clatter , wooden sound . they start to climb up on to the stage . philip look up at a circle of wooden face , all of which he have create himself . francie strike up a lively air . the puppet begin to clap in time . the ballerina doll haul philip to he foot and push and prod he into dance with she . the puppet continue to clap . the ballerina whirl philip round in a succession of pirouettes . the music go faster and faster . the surround , clap puppet whirl into a blur . cut to : 91 . exterior . Square . night . the bonfire in the square garden be now so big it threaten to topple over . dozen of child mill round it excitedly , engage in form a rough circle round the fire . amongst the old sofa and floorboard we catch a brief glimpse of a white neck and a yellow beak . finn be kneel by the fire with a box of match in he hand . to the unspoken question of a curious child , he say : finn I brother 's fetching the guy . he light a match , touch a twist of paper . at another part of the bonfire , melanie kneel , too . she strike she match and touch the bonfire with it ; a little flame ripple up . the child continue to assemble in a circle round the fire , watch it catch with solemn eye . finn and melanie retreat until they be together again . absent-mindedly they hold hand . they be on tenterhook with anxiety . the circle of child eye they with faint suspicion ; the child could easily turn against the two adolescent if they do not keep they promise . finn and melanie peer anxiously at the shop . behind they , the shop suddenly light up with brilliant light and all the firework in the window go off , burst through the glass . francie emerge from the door , carry a limp puppet , trail string . a full size puppet . the puppet be the image of uncle philip . the child see francie and start to laugh and cheer . some break away from the bonfire to take a closer look at francie 's armful , form a rough and ready procession behind he as he walk towards the fire . francie 's fiddle case be lodge precariously under he arm ; a child take it and carry it safely for he . cut to : 92 . exterior . Square . night . the child have liberated the toyshop and , as the bonfire die down , enthusiastically play with hobby horse , mask and doll from philip 's store . there be much noise and laughter . francie stand before the ember , play the fiddle . his outline waver ; it could he the effect of the heat of the fire . he go on play . his outline waver . he go on play . he dissolves . the fiddle remain , suspend in the air , play itself . cut to : finn and melanie silhouett against the blaze bonfire . melanie I already lose everything once . finn so do I . melanie but then I have a brother and a sister leave . finn so have i. melanie everything be go , now . finn nothing be leave but we . as if both grip in the same instant by the same revelation , they turn urgently to one another . but freeze before they touch , at the moment at which the movie end . screenplay by Angela Carter