life of pi by David magee base on the original novel by yann martel fox 2000 picture 10201 W. pico Blvd. Los Angeles , CA 90035 all rights reserve . copyright '' 2010 twentieth century fox film corporation . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published without the prior written consent of twentieth century fox film corporation . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . ext . pondicherry zoo , india , 1961 - day 1 credit over : a magical fairy tale world in collage - image of fantastic creature stripe and spot , hoof and horn . goat and warthog mingle in a open field ; a baby giraffe try to reach leave over a fence ; rhino roll happily in rich red mud , look like giant muddy boulder , while nearby , black and white malayan tapir cool themselves in water hole . exotic monkey with comical face cling lovingly to one another , swing from tree , climb over one another , prance and screech ; a probiscus monkey with a ' Jimmy durante ' nose point out through the plane of the screen . flamingoe strut about in the aviary , they pink feather reflect in the water . a sloth droops lazily from a tree branch , unfaze , while a nearby hummingbird zip manically from flower to flower like tinkerbell ... «+. the pondicherry zoo be a child 's paradise nestle in a botanical garden . writer ( v.o. ) you be raise in a zoo ? ext . pondicherry zoo , india , 1961 - day 3 there 's a flurry of activity in the animal clinic behind a monitor lizard that wander the main path . zoo worker gather in the doorway , talk excitedly . no one notice the lizard . adult pi ( v.0 . ) bear and raise in pondicherry , in what be the french part of India . my father own the zoo , and I be deliver on short notice by a herpetologist who be there to check on the Bengal monitor lizard . the zoo owner ( father - late 20 ) hurry down the path as quickly as he heavy leg brace will allow and hurry into the animal clinic . adult pi ( v.0 . ) mother and I be both healthy ... the lizard crawl away . adult pi ( v.0 . ) but the poor lizard escape and be trample by a frighten cassowary ... int . pi be home , kitchen , montreal - day 5 a modest row house . there be a french influence to the decor , along with book and artwork that celebrate the spiritual . pi patel ( 50 - intelligent , indo-canadian ) cook a indian meal . the often-skeptical writer ( late 30 , a dishevel french canadian ) , watch pi . adult pi the way of karma ; the way of God . writer I assume you father be a mathematician - because of you name . adult pi oh , far from it . I be name after a swim pool . writer there 's a swim pool name ' pi ? ' adult pi ( he chuckle . ) you see , my uncle , Francis , be bear with too much water in he lung . they say the doctor swing Francis around by the ankle to clear the water out and that 's what give he the huge chest and skinny leg that make he such a great swimmer . writer ( amuse . ) be Francis actually you uncle ? he say he be friend with you father . pl I call he ' mamaji , ' my ' honorary uncle ' - my father 's best friend , my swim guru . ext . ashram swimming pool , pondicherry , 1966 - day 6 adult pi ( v.o. ) I train with he three time a week at the ashram . his lesson would save my life in the end ... a young indian boy - pi at age five - surface from a pool , gasp . he look up at the large chest and skinny leg of mamaji ( late 30 ) . mamaji reach down to scoop pi out of the water . mamaji a mouthful of water will not harm you - but panic will . mamaji carry pi back over to the water 's edge . mamaji ( cont 'd ) remember to breathe . do not hold you breath . good boy . mamaji unceremoniously toss pi back in . int . pi be home , kitchen , montreal - day 7 adult pi ( regard lunch : ) I hope you do not mind vegetarian . writer no , not at all ... and you name ? adult pi hmm ? writer you - you be go to tell I how you get you name , I think . adult pi I get it from something mamaji once tell my father . most traveler collect postcard or teacup on they journey - but not mamaji . mamaji collect swim pool . ( more ) 10 adult pi ( cont 'd ) he swim in every pool he come upon ... ext . the piscine molitor , paris , 1959 - day 8 mamaji stand admire the piscine molitor , a pool of sparkling magnificence . attractive french man and woman in bathing suit , the set a celebration of idealize beauty . adult pi ( v.0 . ) one day mamaji say to my father that of all the pool in the world , the most beautiful be a public pool in Paris . that the water there be so clear you could make you morning coffee with it , that a single swim there change he life . mamaji dive into the crystal clear water - and we follow , take in the divine miracle of he underwater journey across the pool . adult pi ( v.0 . ) before I be bear , he say to my father , " if you want you son to have a clean soul , you must take he one day to swim in the piscine molitor . " I never understand why my father take this so much to heart ... int . pi be home , montreal - day 9 adult pi .-. but he do , and I be name '' piscine molitor Patel . '' ext . pi's primary school , 1972 - day 10 pi ( age 11 ) lean against the railing of a balcony , read '' l' ile mysterieuse ( the mysterious Island ) '' by Jules verne . adult pi ( v.0 . ) imagine I try to explain that name to my schoolmate . I barely make it to the age of eleven before ... a boy ( bully # 1 ) call up to he from the courtyard below . 11 12 bully # 1 hey piscine ! pi glance down , all the boy in the courtyard watch he . bully # 1 ( cont 'd ) be you piss right now ? pi freeze . the other boy laugh uncontrollably . another boy look at he he 's piss ! adult pi ( vo ) with one word my name go from a elegant french swim pool to a stinking indian latrine . I be piss everywhere . i/e. schoolyard , 1972 - day 11 boy in school uniform kick a ball . pi attempt to join . bully # 2 intercept the pass . bully # 2 no piss in the schoolyard ! int . science CLASS , 1972 - day 12 adult pi ( v.0 . ) even the teacher start do it - not deliberately , of course ... science teacher so then - what might occur if we release gas too quickly ? piss ? pi be aghast . several student splutter and howl , whisper the slip to other . laughter ripple around the room , all eye on pi . boy he say piss ! science teacher that 's enough - order ! adult pi ( v.0 . ) when we return the next year for we first day of school , I be prepare . sc. 13 int . indian history CLASS , 1973 - day 13 class be hold in a large open room . Roll call . boy present sir . history teacher piscine Patel ... pi - age 12 , rise , cross to the front . pi ( at 12 ) good morning . I be piscine molitor Patel , know to all as ... ( he write " pi " on the board . ) .-. " pi , " the sixteenth letter of the Greek alphabet ... pi write my , then quickly chart out a general notion of the concept on the chalkboard . pi ( cont 'd ) -+. which be also use in mathematics to represent the ratio of any circle 's circumference to its diameter - a irrational number of infinite length , usually round to three digit , as ... ( he write " 3.14 . " ) 3.14 . pi . pi underline he name , face the class . history teacher very impressive , pi. now sit down . writer ( v.o. ) and from then on you be pi? adult pi ( v.0 . ) well , no . not quite .. as pi return to he seat , bully # 2 lean forward , whisper : bully # 2 Nice try , piss . adult pi ( v.0 . ) but I still have the whole day ahead of I . french class be next ... 14 int . french CLASS , 1973 - day 14 pi repeat he act in french , 3.14159265 on the board . pi ( 12 ) je m'appelle piscine molitor Patel - dit ' pi ' ... adult pi ( v.0 . ) then geography ... 15 ext . geography CLASS , 1973 - day 15 class be hold out of door in a courtyard . pi , at a portable chalkboard , write and say : 3.14159265358979323846 . pi ( 12 ) this be the first twenty decimal place of pi. adult pi ( v.0 . ) my last class of the day be Mathematics .... 16 int . school hallway , 1973 - day 16 a librarian run down the hall , a huge book tuck under he arm , follow by dozen of student . he reach pi 's class , push he way through the crowd . librarian slowly , slowly ! slowly , slowly ! 17 int . math CLASS , 1973 - continuous 17 Close on pi write digit . pull back - the entire chalkboard be fill with number . all watch be stunne . the librarian compare pi 's write to the math book . librarian it be right ... he 's really do this ! student clap and cheer - even the bully . several chant along with he as he write : all 1 ! 4 ! 9 ! 3 ! 1 ! pi ! pi ! pi ! adult pi ( vo ) by the end of that day , I be pi Patel , school legend . 18 int . pi's kitchen - day 18 the writer laugh , then venture onto a new topic . writer mamaji tell I you be a legend among sailor , too . out there all alone - adult pi I do not even know how to sail . and I be not alone out there . Richard parker be with I . writer Richard parker ...? mamaji do not tell I everything . he just say I should look you up when I get back to montreal . adult pi so what be you do in pondicherry ? writer write a novel . adult pi by the way , I enjoy you first book . the new one , be it set in India ? writer no , Portugal , actually . but it 's cheaper live in India . adult pi ah. well , I look forward to read it . writer you can not . I throw it out . two year try to bring it to life , and then one day it sputter , cough , and die . adult pi I be sorry . writer ( shrug , make light of it . ) I be in a coffee house in pondicherry one afternoon , mourn my loss , when this old man at the next table strike up a conversation . adult pi yeah , mamaji . he do that . writer when I tell he about my abandon book , he say : ( imitating mamaji : ) '' so ... a canadian who 's come to french India in search of a story . well , my friend , I know a indian in french Canada who have the most incredible story to tell . it must be fate that the two of you should meet . " adult pi I have not speak about Richard parker in so many year ... what have mamaji already tell you ? writer he say you have a story that would make I believe in God . adult pi ( pi laugh . ) he would say that about a nice meal . as for God , I can only tell you my story ; you will decide for yourself what you believe . writer Fair enough . adult pi let 's see , then - where to begin ? CUT to : montage of pondicherry , 1954 : 19 20 21 18 25 10 . ext . pondicherry , shoreline 1954 - day 19 - the shoreline - bicycles and pedestrian ; policeman in round , flat - top french hat . adult pi ( v.0 . ) pondicherry be the '' french riviera of India . '' in the street close to the ocean , you might think you be in the South of France . ext . ashram STREET , 1954 - day 20 - grey ashram building , which give way to image of ... ext . pondicherry canal , 1954 - day 21 - the canal , and just beyond it , indian pondi . adult pi ( v.0 . ) a few block inland , there 's a canal ; just beyond that be indian pondicherry ... sc . 22 ext . pondicherry muslim quarter , 1954 - day 22 - the muslim quarter , woman in head scarve pass man baking flatbread over coal , the mosque in the background . adult pi ( v.o. ) and the Muslim Quarter be just to the West . int . pi 's home - continued 18 adult pi when the french hand pondicherry back to we in 1954 , the town decide that some sort of commemoration be in order . ext . zoo entrance , 1955 - day 25 the sign on the gate read : '' jardin botanique do pondicherry . '' adult pi ( v.0 . ) my father , who be a clever businessman , come up with one . ( more ) 26 27 adult pi ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he run a hotel , and he get the idea to open a zoo in the local botanical garden instead . 11 . Father oversee a sign painter as the painter who add the word ' and zoo ' to the sign . ext . the nursery - continuous 26 women worker plant and dig in the botanical garden nursery . as mother ( refine - 20' ) pass by , she admonish a worker who pull up a sapling with too much force . adult pi ( v.0 . ) as it also happen , my mother be a botanist in the garden . they meet , marry , and a year later my brother ravi be bear . I come two year after that . int . pi be home , outer room , montreal - day writer it sound magical , grow up in - the writer stop , realize that pi 's eye be prayer . the writer watch in awkward silence , halfbow . adult pi amen . let 's eat . writer I do not know hindus say ' amen . ' adult pi ( as he serve food : ) Catholic hindus do . writer Catholic hindus ? adult pi we get to feel guilty before hundred of god instead of just one . writer but you be a hindu first ? 27 close in he head 28 29 12 . pl none of we know God until someone introduce we . I be first introduce to God as a hindu . there be 330 million god in the hindu religion - how can I not come to know a few of they ? ext . outside the patel home , 1966 - night 28 young pi ( 5 ) and ravi listen to mother quietly sing a gentle tune as she kneel before they home , use rice powder to draw a kolam pattern - a geometric design mean to bring the home prosperity . pi ( v.0 . ) I meet krishna first ... mother ( v.o. , in tamil ) yashoda once accuse baby krishna of eat dirt : '' tut , tut , you naughty boy - you should not do that ... " int . pi's bedroom , 1966 - night 29 it be raining outside . Pan from the window ; mother lie in bed with pi as they continue share this story for the thousandth time . mother 's voice play over ( note : they speak in Tamil throughout the follow dialogue ) : pi .-.- but he do not ! mother that 's what he tell she . " I do not eat dirt ! " '' no ? well , then open you mouth . " so krishna open he mouth . pi open he mouth in imitation . mother ( tamil ) ( cont ’d ) and what do you think yashoda see ? pi ( tamil ) what ? mother ( tamil ) she see in krishna 's mouth the whole entire universe . 30 34 13 . pi and ravi's bedroom , 1966 - night 30 pi have make a tent of he blanket , a flashlight glow beneath the cover . in he tent , pi flip through the page of a hindu comic book , enthralled by the story of krishna ... the panel of the comic book show krishna 's mouth fall open , revealing star and planet , the universe unfold in wondrous detail . pondi temple courtyard , 1966 - night 34 a tank ceremony be about to begin . the tank be a square reservoir the size of a soccer field ; pi 's family sit among the crowd on the step that lead down to the water . adult pi ( v.0 . ) the god be my superhero grow up . hanuman , the monkey god , lift a entire mountain to save he friend lakshmana . ganesh , the elephanthead , risk he life to defend the honor of he mother parvati . vishnu , the Supreme soul , the source of all thing . vishnu sleep , float on the shoreless cosmic ocean and we be the stuff of he dream . father ( with quiet sincerity . ) spectacle . do not let the storey and pretty light fool you , boy . religion be darkness . adult pi ( v.o . ) my dear ' appa ' believe himself part of the ' new India . ' as a child , he would have polio ; he use to lie in bed , wrack with pain , wonder where God be . in the end , God do not save he ; western medicine do . below , mother watch the ceremony , lose in contemplation . 36 37 14 . adult pi ( v.0 . ) my ' amma ' go to college and think she family be part of the ' new India ' as well - until she parent cut she off because they think she be marrying beneath she . her religion be the only link she have to she past . ext . munnar tea field , 1973 - day 36 Rocky mountaintop jut up through a sea of cloud and mist . adult pi ( v.0 . ) I meet Christ in the mountain when I be 12 . we be visit relative , tea grower in munnar . it be we third day there ; ravi and I be terribly bored . ravi walk up to pi , coin in hand , and whisper . ravi ( 14 ) challenge . I will give you two rupee . run into that church and drink the Holy water . int . catholic church , 1973 - day 37 pi lean down to the font beside the door and drink . he 's about to leave again when he notice the station of the cross depict on plaque that encircle the church . priest you must be thirsty . here , I bring you this . not know what else to do , pi take the glass and drink . a awkward pause as he search for something - anything - to say . he finally point up to one of the painting . pl why would a god do that ? why would he send he own son to suffer for the sin of ordinary people ? the Priest smile down upon pi. priest because he love we . God make himself approachable to we - human - so we could understand him . ( more ) 38 39 4l 42 15 . priest ( cont 'd ) we can not understand God in all his perfection , but we can understand God 's son and his suffer as we would a brother 's . int . pi's dine room , montreal - intercut / continuous 38 adult pi that make no sense . sacrifice the innocent to atone for the sin of the guilty ? what kind of love be that ? ext . plantation home , munnar , 1973 - day 39 ravi and other kid play cricket . pi sit by a stream , lose in think . adult pi ( v.0 . ) but this Son - I could not get him out of my head . int . catholic church , munnar , 1973 - day 41 4l pi stand quiz the priest near the altar . pl if God be so perfect and we be not , why would he want to create all this ? why do he need we at all ? priest all you have to know be that he love we . '' God so love the world that he give his only Son . '' this Son teach we to love one another ... the priest 's word continue as pi lean in , listen . adult pi ( v.0 . ) the more I listen to the priest , the more I come to like this Son of God . int . pi's bedroom , 1973 - day 42 pi kneel , smile , in a attitude of worship . 43 a43 44 45 16 . pl thank you , vishnu , for introduce I to Christ . adult pi ( v.0 . ) I come to faith through hinduism and I find God 's love through Christ , but God be not finish with I yet . ext . muslim quarter , 1973 - day 43 as pi wander through the Muslim Quarter , the call to prayer play out over a loudspeaker affix to the nearby mosque . pi watch as people pray . adult pi ( v.0 . ) God work in mysterious way - and so it be he introduce himself again , this time by the name of Allah . pi cross inquisitively up the few step of a mosque in the Muslim quarter , look inside , where dozen of the faithful be line up row upon row , praying . ext . pondicherry mosque , 1973 - day a43 the speaker on top of the mosque play the Muslim call to prayer . int . pi family home , 1973 - day 44 pi be out in front of the house kneel on a prayer mat , repeat a prayer . Father pass by with friend . he stop to watch pi . int . family kitchen / dine room , 1973 - dusk 45 Father sit at the dinner table with he family . the servant offer a dish of lamb to Father only . Father pop a bite into he mouth , savore it . father this lamb be exquisite - it 's best dish on the table . you be all miss out ... as he chew , Father notice pi complete a bless . 17 . father ( cont 'd ) you only need to convert to three more religion , piscine , and you will spend you life on holiday . ravi ( laugh : ) be you go to Mecca this year , swami Jesus ? or to Rome , for you coronation as Pope pi-us ? mother you stay out of this , ravi . just as you like cricket , pi have he own interest . father no gita , ravi have a point , no ? you can not follow three different religion at the same time , piscine . pl why not ? father because believe in everything at the same time be the same as not believe in anything at all . mother he 's young santosh - he 's still find he way . father and how can he find he way if he do not choose a path ? ( to pi : ) listen : instead of leaping from one religion to the next , why not start with reason ? in a few hundred year , science have take we farther in understanding the universe than religion have in ten thousand . mother that be true . you father be right . Science can teach we more about what 's out there - ( with a hand to she heart : ) - but not what be in here . Art , music , literature - they all spring from we faith . 46 pi nod . pause . 18 . father some eat meat , some eat vegetable . I do not expect we all to agree about everything . but I would much rather have you believe in something I do not agree with than to accept everything blindly . and that begin with think rationally . do you understand ? father ( cont 'd ) good . pl I would like to be baptize . Father and mother react . ravi stifles a laugh . ext . pi be STREET - day 46 pi walk down the front step of he row house , stretch and rub he belly at the end of a good meal . the writer follow . writer so you be a Christian and a Muslim ? adult pi and a hindu , of course . writer and a Jew , I suppose ? adult pi oh , well , I do teach a course on the kabbalah at the University . and why not ? faith be a house with many room . writer but no room for doubt ? adult pi plenty . on every floor . doubt be useful . it keep faith a live thing . after all , you can not know the strength of you faith until it 's be test . 19 . 47 int . the TIGER feeding area , 1973 , part 1 -— - day 47 pi ( 12 ) and ravi ( 14 ) cross into a drab cement enclosure behind the tiger exhibit . a hallway with close gate at both end lead out to the exhibit . ravi where 's selvam ? we should not be in here without he . pi stop worry . I have see he do this a thousand time . I want to meet we new tiger . he drop meat on the floor by the bar . ravi pil ... pl hello ! Richard parker ! 48 ext . montreal STREET - day 48 pi and the writer walk along a montreal street . the writer stare at pi , bewilder . writer a tiger ? Richard parker be a tiger ? adult pi he get he name through a clerical error . a hunter catch he drink from a stream when he be a cub and name he thirsty . when thirsty get too big , the hunter sell he to we zoo — but the name get switch on the paperwork . the hunter be list as thirsty and tiger be call Richard parker . we laugh about it and the name stick . 47 ext . the TIGER feeding area , part two 1973 - day 47 ravi let 's go . before we get into trouble . pl I want to see he close up . 20 . ravi you be not a zoo keeper . come on ! a adolescent bengal TIGER appear at the other end of the hall . ravi bolt , run out of the feed area . pi be enchant . pl ( offer meat ) that 's it , Richard parker . it 's for you . pi hold the lamb through the bar , the tiger walk slowly down the hallway , regard pi with a detach curiosity , as unthreaten in he manner as a large housecat . pi begin tremble from sheer excitement . he do not hear the approach of uneven footstep - Father appear , follow by ravi . just as Richard parker approach the offer . father noll ! Father yank pi violently away from the cage , wrenching pi 's hand through the bar . Richard parker , startle , raise he head , hiss . he turn and bound back out through the gate at the other end of the hallway , disappear into the exhibit area . Father spin pi around and shove he against the wall . father ( cont 'd ) what be you think ?! be you out of you mind ? who give you permission to come back here ? you have just ignore everything I have ever teach you ! pl I just want to say ' hello ' to he . father you think that tiger be you friend . he be a animal , not a playmate ! pl animal have soul . I have see it in they eye . Father turn to ravi , who stand by the gate . 21 . father find selvam ! 50 ext . the feeding cage , 1973 - a short time later 50 Father , pi and ravi watch as selvam carry a goat into the feed area . selvam ( in Tamil : ) you be sure , Mr. Patel ? pi 's just a kid . father ( in Tamil : ) do it . go ahead . selvam set the goat down and tie a piece of rope around the animal 's neck . father ( cont 'd ) ( to the boy : ) animal do not think like we do ; people who forget that get themselves kill . that tiger be not you friend . when you look into he eye , you be see you own emotion reflect back at you - nothing else . selvam tie the goat to the bar at the gate area where pi have be about to feed Richard parker . ravi ( quietly , to pi : ) do not be stupid ! say you be sorry . mother arrive at the gate with a woman worker and rush to pi 's side . mother what have you do , piscine ? you know what you father say about come back here . pl I be sorry . I be ... mother turn to Father , quietly - refer to the goat : mother what be you think ? 52 22 . father this be between a father and he son . ( in Tamil : ) selvam , the gate . mother he say he 's sorry . you want to scar they for life ? father scar they ? that boy almost lose he arm ! mother but he 's still a boy ! father he will be a man sooner than you think , and this be a lesson I do not want they ever to forget . ( turn to selvam : ) selvam . selvam open the far gate . Richard parker re-enter the hallway . he see the goat and slink forward , lowering he body , he ear flatten against he skull . the goat freeze . everyone watch in silence , transfix by the intensity of the tiger . pi watch the animal spirit glow up within Richard parker 's eye as instinct take over . in a sudden , single burst , Richard parker bolt the length of the hallway , claw reach out through the bar of the cage toward the goat . we do not see what happen next - but the family do . on the cage : only a few second have pass , but Richard parker have already turn to go back into he enclosure , the lifeless goat in he mouth . the family watch - Father be impassive , ravi traumatize ; mother wrap she arm around pi . int . pi and ravi's bedroom , 1976 - morning 52 a rainy early morning in monsoon season . pi ( now 16 ) lie in bed , read '' Notes from the Underground . '' ravi be still asleep . the radio play in the other room . news announcer ( on radio ) and so have place the country in a State of emergency . ( more ) 55 59 23 . news announcer ( on radio ) ( cont 'd ) under the directive , the state of gujarat and Tamil Nadu will be place under the direct authority of the central government . Police will be grant power to arrest and indefinitely detain citizen responsible for the uprising . unauthorize ... ravi 's alarm go off . ravi reach to shut it off . 55 ext . pi's school , pondicherry , 1977 - day 55 55 end of the school day . pi , in raincoat , walk out to the street , where student bicycle be line up by the hundred . he get he bike . adult pi ( v.0 . ) thing change after the day of appa 's lesson . the world have lose some of its enchantment . School be a bore - nothing but fact , fraction and french . word and pattern that go on and on . I grow restless , search for something that would bring meaning into my life . and then I meet anandi ... i/e. dance studio , pondicherry , 1977 - day 59 close on anandi ( 15 ) radiant , graceful , eye aglow , dance with passionate intensity . adult pi ( v.0 . ) mother make I study music , and one day my teacher come down with the flu ; he ask if I could take he place one afternoon play rhythm for a dance class . pi watch she , hopelessly in love , absent - mindedly drum along . he be drum for a class of a dozen female student ; a dance master ( female ) accompany the beat vocally - '' tumtikita ... '' etc . the dance master clap she hand , interrupt to teach . dance master no . if you do not concentrate , you can not express you love of God through dance . feel the ground beneath you foot ; ( more ) 60 24 . dance master ( cont 'd ) open you gaze out onto the horizon , let that spiritual energy pulse through you and out into the world through abinea . anandi , come to the front ; lead they . anandi obey ; pi watch she , lose in admiration , until the teacher tap a wood block to get he attention . the girl in the class giggle - pi blushes , embarrassed . i/e . the town market / the banyan tree , 1977 - day 60 anandi walk with two of she friend through the town market . across the market , pi hide behind a flower seller 's stall . gather he courage , he peer out , search for anandi . she be nowhere to be see . he walk into a open area of the market that surround a banyan tree . suddenly , he hear a voice behind he . anandi why be you follow I ? pi turn - anandi stand before he , she friend a short distance behind she , eavesdropp . pi what ? anandi you be follow I . pl ( after a beat , to cover he evident guilt : ) what do this mean ? pi vaguely imitate the hand gesture - pinching the tip of he finger together - that he see anandi use in the dance rehearsal . anandi stare at he , bewilder . pi ( cont 'd ) in the dance , you go from pataka , which mean the forest , and then you do - then you do samputa , which mean something that be hide , and after that you do this ... and then you do chatura . pi demonstrate she dance . anandi smile , while she friend giggle at he performance . 62 64 25 . pi ( cont 'd ) but at the very end you do this ... ( repeating the gesture : ) none of the other dancer do that . what do you mean ? the God of love be hide in the forest ? anandi no - that also mean the lotus flower . pl the lotus flower be hide in the forest ? why would a lotus flower hide in the forest ? anandi blushes . she have no answer . ext . the zoo exhibit , 1977 - day 62 pi and anandi stand at the Bengal Tiger cage , pi proudly introduce anandi to the zoo 's finest exhibit . pl and this be Richard parker . he 's the most magnificent creature we have ever have here . ( beat . ) look at the way he 's turn he head . show off - like a dancer . anandi no , he hear something - he 's listen . you see ? pi beam . int . patel dine room , 1977 - dusk 64 pi sit at dinner with the family , a half - smile on he face , obviously lose in thought about anandi . Father 's voice gradually break through into pi 's consciousness . father so ... you see ? we have talk about it for some time ... do you understand what I be say ? pi ? pi glance over . pl sorry . you have be ... 26 . father worried . for my family . we animal be worth far more abroad than here in India , and if the town council stop support we , I do not know where we will be . so ... it be what we have to do . do you understand ? pl I be sorry ... what be we talk about ? ravi we be leave India . pi what ?? mother we be sell the zoo . father the zoo itself be never ours to sell - the land belong to the town . but the animal be ours , and if we sell they , we will have enough to start a new life . pl but where would we go ? we life be here appa ! father Canada . I have some opportunity for work in winnipeg . I will be shipping most of the animal for sale in North America ; we can get freighter passage for the whole family . so , it be settle . we will sail like Columbus ! pl but Columbus be look for India ! ext . pondicherry , beneath the pier , 1977 - day pi and anandi sit together on the crossbeam beneath the dock . anandi take a length of color silken thread , tie they around pi 's wrist to serve as ' rakhi ' - a sisterly bless for protection on he journey . 67 68 27 . adult pi ( v.0 . ) it take a lot of work to sella zoo ; before we leave anandi and I have time enough to break each other 's heart . of course , I promise I would come back one day ... it 's funny ... I remember everything else about we last day , but I do not remember say goodbye ... as she finish , pi reach out impulsively to hold she hand . ext . cargo ship deck , 1977 - dusk 67 sunset . pi stand at the railing of the cargo ship , stare out at the Chennai shoreline . mother approach . mother pi , they be serve dinner below . ( beat . ) pi do not respond . mother approach and stand beside he . mother ( cont 'd ) ( after a beat . ) piscine , you have a whole life ahead of you . we be do this for you and ravi . come inside and have some dinner . int . the tsimtsum , mess hall , 1977 - day 68 the family stand in the mess hall line along with the crew . the french cook , a grizzle and thoroughly unpleasant man , load a plate and slide it over the counter to mother . the meal consist of liver and onion , sausage , and rice soak in gravy . mother point at she rice . mother my son and I be vegetarian . do you have anything - ? the french cook ladle ore gravy over she rice . mother ( cont 'd ) no - no ! not more gravy . french cook ( thick french accent : ) you do not want gravy ? 28 . mother ( quickly switch to french : ) no , I want something vegetarian . I - the cook take she plate , set it on the counter in front of Father . the follow take place in french ( subtitle ) . french cook there . no problem . father she ask if you have something vegetarian . french cook vegetarian - the cow that produce this liver be vegetarian , the pig that go into this sausage be vegetarian . father very funny . but she do not eat liver . french cook ( get irritate : ) then she can eat the sausage , the rice , the gravy . ( to mother : ) or you can go cook you own food . father how dare you talk to my wife like that ? the cook shove a plate of plain rice over the counter . french cook here 's you rice . I cook for sailor , not curry eater . Father grab the cook 's forearm , yanking he halfway over the high counter . father what do you call we ?? french cook let go of I ! father who do you think you be ? you be nothing but a servant ! 69 70 29 . french cook I feed people ! you feed monkey ! father I will teach you respect ! sailor descend on the two , pull they apart . a short time later - int . the tsimtsum mess hall , 1977 - day 69 the family sit eat silently in the aftermath of the scuffle . a taiwanese sailor come alongside pi carry a plate of rice with gravy . he speak with a taiwanese accent and a gentle smile . taiwanese sailor hello , I be happy Buddhist , so I eat rice next to gravy . on ship , gravy be not meat . be taste . okay ? you try ? pi smile in gratitude , but the gravy look anything but appetizing . int . tsimtsum cargo hold , 1977 - day 70 pi eat a banana from the food set aside for the animal in the cargo hold . he sit next to the transport cage of orange juice , a female orangutan with a baby orang in she arm . Animal crate and cage surround pi , the air fill with screech and growl . Father enter the hold , carry food for the animal . father ( noting pi 's banana : ) do not worry - we will have plenty of fresh supplies after we stop in manila . Father mix tranquilizer pill into food for the orang . pl why give 0.j. a tranquilizer ? she 's not go to cause any trouble . father the stress of travel be not good for the animal . ( more ) 30 . father ( cont 'd ) and it help with the seasickness . we do not want to be clean up after a seasick orangutan , do we ? pi look up , notice Father watch he . Father try to smile along with he little attempt at humor , but he manner be stiff , he eye furtive and uneasy . adult pi ( v.o. ) my father be a businessman - he have never handle the animal himself . I realize that leave India must have be harder for he than it be for I . 71 ext . montreal garden - day 71 adult pi and the writer sit on a bench in the garden . pi have fall silent , reflective . writer e+e so ... adult pi have I forget anything ? writer I think you have set the stage . so far we have a indian boy name after a french swim pool on a japanese ship full of animal head to Canada . adult pi yes . now we have to send we boy into the middle of the Pacific , and writer and make I believe in God . adult pi yes . we will get there . 72 ext . a topographical map of the pacific , 1977 - dusk 72 move in on the mariana trench , a ominous gash of darkest blue ... 73 74 31 . adult pi ( v.0 . ) it be four day out of manila - above the mariana trench , the deep spot on earth ... Zoom closer until the blue fill the screen ... adult pi ( v.0 . ) we ship , the tsimtsum , push on , bullishly indifferent to its surroundings . it move with the slow , massive confidence of a continent . dissolve to : ext . the tsimtsum - night 73 lightn and thunder . the freighter sailing in ominous weather , the name tsimtsum emblazon on its hull . choppy seas , rain , a storm . int . cargo ship , the family cabin - night 74 darkness - the faint glow of a nightlight . Close on pi 's sleep face , the cabin sway in the storm . bang . a loud , deep rumble break into he consciousness . the ship shake . pi 's eye open . he look around , listen . nothing . he lean over the side of he bunk and wake ravi . pl ravi ? do you hear that ? ( pause ) ravi ? ravi +. I be sleep . pl it 's a thunderstorm ! let 's go watch ! ravi be you crazy ? we will get hit by lightning . pl no , we will not . it will hit the bridge first . 75 76 32 . ravi do not tempt a storm , pi. on the other side of the narrow room , mother shift uncomfortably on the double bed she share with Father . int . ship hallway - continuous 75 pi head upstairs to the deck . ext . the cargo deck —- continuous 76 the deck of the ship be dark . pi step out into a brace rain and walk to the rail , wind whipping he hair . he laugh , exhilated , as rain splashes over he face . throw arm wide , pi dance in imitation of anandi 's dance , slip more than once on the rain - soak deck , shouting in giddy adolescent triumph . pl more rain , lord of storm ! let it rage ! he finish , laugh as he fall against the railing . the deck light suddenly all come on at once ; a warning alarm sound over the loudspeaker . pi slip to the front of the deck and stand up , watch in horror as a wave wash over the bow , carry several sailor overboard . he push himself away from the railing and run back down below . int . the stair to the cabin / lower level - continuous pi stumble down the tilt staircase . pi amma ! appa ! ravi ! get out , get out ! halfway down , pi hit water . he dive , search for he family . the hall light flicker - the passage fall dark a instant before the emergency light come on in the water below , which nearly reach the ceiling . pi dive , try to swim against the flow current ; he 's astonished to find a zebra swim toward he , pass overhead . he try to swim further , but the enormous force of rush water and air be too great ; he scramble backward , grop toward the stairwell . 33 . ext . the cargo deck - continuous pi burst on deck , cough and gag for air . pi help !! somebody help I !! pi see movement - animal run . he scramble toward they , the ship groan as it list sideways . oxen and deer be visible on the far side of the deck , backlit by emergency light ; pi hear monkey screeching , the clatter of hoof pound . in the distance , sailor shout order in panicked voice . pi come onto the lower deck , where he see three man - the Buddhist ( taiwanese sailor ) from the dining hall ; the japanese captain , and sailor # 1 - argue with the french cook , who have climb into the stern of one of the lifeboat that hang off the side of the ship . pi run to the Captain . pi ( cont 'd ) please save my family ! japanese captain do not scare . okay ? wait stay here . he grab a life vest and start to put it on pi . japanese captain ( cont ’d ) here , put this on ! pl you have to help they , please ! oh no my family , please . you have to help they , my family be back there . japanese captain we do not have time . the taiwanese sailor jump onto the ship . taiwanese sailor we help . you must go . pl who let all the animal out ? they shove a life vest over pi 's head . sailor # 1 you have to go now . 34 . pl no wait ! my father - he can not swim - japanese captain this be you last chance -- just go ! pl no please ! they guide pi to the side , where a section of the ship 's railing have be remove to give access to the lifeboat . they push pi over the edge ; pi fall onto the lifeboat , bounce on the protective tarp that be still stretch taut across the bow . he grab at the rope hold the bow , try not to slip off . the sailor be shouting at the french cook , who stand at the stern . sailor # 1 hey ! you ! what be you do ?! french cook loosen the line ! bring it down ! sailor # 1 tie it down ! tie it down ! french cook ( to the sailor : ) jump ! jump ! the sailor look towards the upper deck . pi follow they look and watch in horror as a zebra launch itself over the side of the ship , careen through the air toward the safety of the lifeboat . the french cook stagger backward and jump out of the way , fall to the water below . pi throw up he arm as the life boat start to drop . the zebra arc through the air , miss the tarp , landing on the expose stern with a sicken thud , shatter the rear bench . the force send the rig line spin . the lifeboat plummet to the water below . the impact spin it around , nearly wash pi overboard . he be leave cling to the back of the tarp , the zebra on the floor of the lifeboat before he . as the lifeboat drop down the side of the swell , pi slide to the front of the tarp . the tsimtsum 's propeller rise behind he . as pi steady himself , a swell lift the lifeboat , crash it onto the deck of the tsimtsum . it drop back into the sea , roll over completely . the vessel instantly rights itself - the lifeboat be design to be virtually unsinkable . pi land on the lifeboat 's floorboard , next to the zebra . 79 80 35 . pi see the tsimtsum at a angle , it 's bow dip below the water . as he try to get up , pi notice the orange emergency whistle that dangle from the vest . he grab it and blow , shouting between blast . pi help ! help ! somebody , help I ! the deck light of the freighter glow with a cheery , unnatural brilliance . by the light of the ship , pi can just make out a distant figure in the water . pi ( cont 'd ) hey ! over here ! pi spy a lifebuoy tie to a rope . he grab it and heave it as far as he can across the water . out in the water , the lifebuoy splashes a few yard away from the shadowy figure . the moment pi feel the tug on the line , he jump into the uncover part of the boat , lie back and begin haul the rope in . nearly finish , he lift he head to peer over the side and see who he 's rescue . pi ( cont 'd ) Richard parker ? a beat - and then pi realize what he 's do . he scramble backward in horror , try to throw the rope overboard . pi ( cont 'd ) no ! go away ! Richard parker paddle toward the boat . pi grab a oar , wield it against the approach tiger . Richard parker try to grab the oar . pi yank the oar away , fall onto he back . he listen as Richard parker claw he way up the side of the sway boat , cough and gag water . pi scramble backward , oar still in hand . he rise and jump overboard . ext . the ocean - continuous 79 pi plunge into the roiling water . a enormous wave roll toward pi - fill he lung with air , pi dive under , away from the assault of the raging storm . ext . beneath the water - continuous 80 silence as pi hang below the surface , arm wide , grop for focus and calm . 81 36 . lightn cast a blaze white veil over the surface of the water above he , backlight fish and animal , wave freeze in time like wrinkle bedsheet , they motionless texture pock and dimple with raindrop . as the sky explode in white flash , the scene be catch in surreal still shot . a hippo swim past , it 's heavy form move gracefully . pi swim toward the camera - then freeze , reacting in horror as ... a shark swoops past he and up toward the struggle animal near the surface . pi dive defensively - the camera follow . ahead , the tsimtsum be visible , fifty foot beyond pi , its deck light dip below the surface , casting a eerie underwater glow , bubbles flow up to the surface ; nearby , pi can make out the float oar . ext . the ocean / the boat - continuous 81 pi burst above water in total panic , throw he arm around the oar , cough up sea water and bile . the lifebuoy float a dozen foot off ; he swim toward it . he grab the oar moment before a huge wave sweep he up and over the lifeboat . he land on the other side , the oar lose , and drag himself onto the stern . he jump over the kick zebra and scramble onto the boat tarp . a oar stick out from under the boat cover , hang out over the front of the lifeboat . pi climb out on the oar , keep himself a safe distance from the tiger he assume be beneath the tarp . the air vibrate with a tremendous belching groan ; pi look over to the cargo ship , watch , astound ... pl amma ! appa ! ravi ! I be sorry ! I be sorry ...! wide shot - from top , look down into the water : the tsimtsum abruptly keel and sink beneath the surface . pi watch in horror as the tsimtsum plummet into the depth of the mariana trench , it 's deck light gradually fade . pi burst into tear as wave from the sink vessel buffet he lifeboat . pi weep uncontrollably . ext . the lifeboat - dawn the storm have pass , but the sky be still heavy with disgusting grey cloud . pi have hang the lifebuoy on the oar and now sit on it , slump in exhaustion and shiver . 37 . with what energy he still have , he weep - he face be puffy and swollen from a night of tear . pi watch a shark fin knife through the wave . his foot have be trail in the water ; he quickly lift they out . he raise he head , look at he new surroundings - water and air , cloud and sky . nothing on the horizon . pi creep forward on the oar , pull himself onto the gunnel - the side of the boat . no sign of Richard parker . the zebra come into view in the stern of the lifeboat , injure leg fold beneath it , stare indifferently into space . CUT to : ext . the lifeboat - day pi stand a few foot away from the zebra , use a emergency bucket to bail water out of the bottom of the boat , exhaust from the effort . he pause to catch he breath , then become aware of a slight movement at one side of the tarp . a spotted hyena lurch furtively into view from beneath the tarp , then disappear again . pi freeze , dumbfounded . pl hari ? hari , the hyena , with a sloping , bear- like forehead and the nervous manner of a beat dog , reappear . pi instantly dive across the tarp , scramble for safety on the oar . the hyena stagger and stumble listlessly . pi turn to face the creature , struggle for calm . pi ( cont 'd ) look as though you drug have not wear off yet . the screech of a terrify animal echoe across the water - the hyena look out to port , the hair rise on its back , then stagger beneath the tarp . pi squint into the rise sun . a enormous bundle of bananas bob into view . the bundle twist and roll - and Orange juice , the orangutan try desperately to stay on top . pi ( cont 'd ) Orange juice !! this way ! 84 85 38 . within moment , the bundle be within reach of the lifeboat ; pi catch the oar handle in the netting that bind the bananas together and pull it against the side of the boat . 0.j. fall onboard in a stuporous fog . pi ( cont ’d ) welcome to pi 's ark ! the netting , wrap around the handle of the oar , pull loose from the bananas , which tumble out of reach . as pi reel the netting in , 0.j. moan in distress . pi throw a banana to O.J. but she be too sick to react . pi ( cont 'd ) ( a sudden realization ) where be you boy , Orange juice ? ( pause ) I will bet mother and Father find he . they will all be here soon . O.J. turn to look at pi , a look of inconsolable sadness in she eye - as though she know better what lie ahead . ext . the lifeboat - day 84 High noon . intolerable heat . fly circle the zebra , landing on pi 's face and arm . he 's too exhaust to brush they away . the only sound be the incessant lap of water against the hull . pi stare out across the ocean - no rescue in sight . he push himself upright , call over the wave . pi hello ...! hello ...! anybody ? pi kneel and bang he bail bucket against the hull . the hyena emergee , shaking its head violently in a attempt to clear its thought . it scream in frustration and begin yipping . pi pick up the oar and poke the hyena to fend it off . he watch with increase alarm as the hyena pace in frantic circle - whatever tranquilizers this animal receive be wear off . the boy wrap he grip around the paddle , prepare to defend himself . the hyena abruptly stop pace , cough and retching - then lie down , shaking from emotional and physical distress . it set its head on the edge of the tarp , predator eye fastened on pi . ext . the lifeboat - dusk 85 a boy , a hyena , a zebra and a orangutan silhouett against the last fade light of day . 86 39 . pi have hang the paddle and lifebuoy off the end of the boat and perches on the bow . the hyena 's eye seem to glow in the last light , fix on pi . pi stare back . pi fight fatigue as wave splash interminably against the hull . he wince at each creak of the lifeboat ; he eye glaze over as he stare out at the endless , dusky seascape . pi see movement in the shadow . the hyena attack the zebra ; the zebra bark and squeal . O.J. react to the violence , cry out . pi no! stop it ! stop it ! no! stop it ! stop it ! no !!! no !!! no !!! ext . the lifeboat - dawn 86 silence . Morning . hazy . pi slump over the oar , eye half open , glaze . he have stay up a second night for fear of be attack , and now he slowly nod sideways , give in to exhaustion despite himself , and tumble into the water . pi gasp in shock as the water slap he into full consciousness . he climb back onto the life ring - cough , tired , wet , sad and fearful . the lifeboat roll and growl beneath pi 's foot as he stare - and then he notice 0.j . the poor orang be sit on a side bench half - hide by the tarp , and horribly seasick . her tongue loll out of she mouth and she 's visibly panting . pl I be sorry , O.J. ; I do not have any seasickness medicine for you - and then it strike he . pi ( cont 'd ) supplies ! ah , supplies ! pi pull up the edge of the tarp nearest the bow . a row of bench with hinge lid curve around the bow . pi open the rearmost bench and find a '' lifeboat manual and navigational guide '' in a plastic bag along with a pencil lie on top of bag of supplies . he pull out the manual and flip through it - a illustration show that the boat be line with compartment . he open the next bench - it 's stuff with life jacket . he toss one of the life jacket to 0.j. , who have no idea what to make of it . O.J. turn to watch he , utterly bewilder . 88 40 . ext . the ocean , behind the lifeboat / the lifeboat - day 88 a hour later . pi finish tie a knot in a piece of rope that join oar to the lifebuoy . pull back to reveal that pi have build a makeshift raft , tie three oar into a triangle around the lifebuoy and use the banana net to gather the life vest into a bunch beneath . pi sit back , mop he brow , then begin push and drag he raft over to the edge of the lifeboat to launch it . the hyena come out from under the tarp to see what all the noise be . as it pace , it get too close to 0.j. , who suddenly come to life , rise up to she full height , pull back she lip and roaring . the hair on the hyena 's neck and shoulder stand up - suddenly , it launch a attack . pi cry out , flinching - but 0.j. use one of she long arm to thump the beast on top of the head . pi cheer the blow - pi yes ! but the hyena get up in a instant - it attack again , this time go for 0.j. 's throat . pi ( cont 'd ) no !! no !! no !! no !! O.J. get pull down to the floor of the boat , the battle continue out of view . pi search through the pile of rope , find a knife . he rise and dash forward . pi reach the end of the tarp . the hyena retreat . O.J. lie in the stern , dead . pi , enraged , confront the hyena . pi ( cont 'd ) come on ! come on !! come on ...!!! pi feel the tarp move under he foot ... suddenly , Richard parker launch like a blur from under the canvas , go straight after the hyena . pi fall backward on the tarp , stunne . as the tiger clamp he jaw around the hyena , finish it off , pi leap back to the bow , shove he makeshift raft into the water . the raft splashes in the water and the tiger turn ; pi look back and come face - to- face with Richard parker . a88 91 41 . the tiger stand with front foot on the crossbench , sniff the sea air , examine he surroundings for the first time , agitate by this open air environment . as he turn to go back under the tarp , he gaze fall on pi. Richard parker 's ear swivel , and he lip twitches , revealing a canine as long as a finger . pi , terrify , grab a oar and hold it out , try to prevent a attack . unfortunately , he also block Richard parker 's path back under the tarp . the tiger try to go around the oar , and when pi block he way , the tiger swing a paw , knock the oar into the ocean with such force that pi be spun completely around with he back to the tiger . he fall into a crouch , cower , prepare to die . Richard parker 's predator instinct take over . he snarl and pounce on the tarp , menacingly close to pi - then hesitates , unsettle by the softness of the tarp beneath he foot . the tiger retreat , examine he surroundings . pi jump toward the raft . he belly flop into the ocean and rise in a panic , try to scramble up onto the raft , only to have it flip completely over he head . ext the raft - day a88 grey , lifeless sky above the vastness of the ocean . pi shiver , he eye glassy , he lip chap and skin waxen from hour of exposure . he try various way to re-shape the raft . a shark slip up alongside pi and bump he , send pi scramble back to the safety of the raft . ext . the lifeboat - day 91 pi pull the raft to the back of the lifeboat , tie the rope line on one of the tarp hook . hand appear on the gunnel . pi lift he head over the bow . the tiger be nowhere in sight . pi quietly climb aboard . he try in vain to control he chatter tooth and shaking limb as he open the starboard bow storage bench . he see a duffel bag , zip it open and rifle through the content . it contain a array of survival supplies - as he lift it out , he eye fall upon a stack of can mark '' Water . '' he pop a hole in a water can with the can opener and drink one , tilting he head back and close he eye in ecstasy . he throw a few on the raft . he grab a couple of box mark '' bake wheat biscuit . '' pi tear open a box and stuff a biscuit into he mouth . 42 . the biscuit be so dry that he be barely able to chew they -— crumb fall from he lip into the supply hatch . a rat skitter out from under the tarp , grab biscuit crumb , then retreate . a low growl . Richard parker charge out from he de and bound onto the tarp . pi stagger in terror and fall helplessly into the storage bench , with only he head poke out above the tarp . the tiger step toward pi , then hesitates - again , the softness of the tarp unnerve he . he step back off the tarp and pace the stern . pi creep out of the storage bench - then watch in horror as Richard parker swivel and charge he again , this time beneath the tarp . the rat scurries back out of hide and Richard parker 's head follow , loom up out from the gap between the tarp and the storage bench . pi jump onto the tarp , out of the tiger 's reach . Richard parker scramble backward and reappear at the far end of the tarp , roaring , prepare to attack from above - then halt , watch in astonishment as the rat hop around the lifeboat , finally run up pi 's shirt and landing on pi 's head . pi grab the rat by the tail and throw it . the rat sail , paw and tail stretch wide , across the boat . Richard parker open he mouth and the rat fly in , its tail disappear between the tiger 's lip like a spaghetti noodle . as Richard parker enjoy he treat , pi climb backward over the bow , unhook the rope , grab the water can and the biscuit and slip over the side , fall into the water . he drop onto the raft and push himself back with he foot . the raft float back and hit the end of the ropeline with a jerk . pi remember the rope and go back to untie it . suddenly Richard parker appear at the bow and lunge at he , almost fall off the front of the lifeboat onto pi . the tiger scramble back onto the boat and off the tarp , while pi paddle the raft away . when he be finally at a safe distance , fear and stress overwhelm pi - he throw up what little food and water he have take . 92 93 43. ext . the raft , behind the lifeboat - night 92 a full moon , backlit cloud roll through the sky , reflect in the water below . pi float behind the lifeboat , weep , surround by nothing but terror and the abyss . a thick range of cloud move in , threaten to cut off the light from the moon and star . pi watch Richard parker on the lifeboat , a shadowy silhouette on the bow ahead . the tiger take the zebra carcass under the tarp . the cloud blot out the sky . darkness envelop they . ext . above the raft —- early morning 93 angle on pi , the raft and boat from above , lose on a endless ocean , the bright color of morning light dance on the surface of the water . pi have take out he pencil and now write on the back page of he survival manual , he voice hear over : pi ( writing v.o . ) '' my name be pi Patel . I have be in a shipwreck . I be on a lifeboat alone - with a tiger . please send help . '' he tear the page out and stuff it into a empty water can , sealing the open with a plastic lid . he toss it as far as possible ; the can splashes down , rippling the water , then bob , go nowhere . pi stare at the bob can , crush as he see the futility of this plan . a defeat pause , and then pi look up and see the majesty of he surroundings . the cloud cover break ; dawn light glow down on pi . a grunt from the lifeboat . pi turn , surprised . he grab the tow line and reel into the lifeboat . he lift the tarp ; Richard parker 's eye glow out at he from the shadow , greeting pi with a low snarl . pi gingerly lower the tarp and cast the raft back from the bow . he look up . pi ( cont ’d ) ( in awe , shudder : ) God ... I give myself to you . I be you vessel . whatever come ... I want to know . show I . fade to : a96 44 , ext . the raft - day pi sit on he makeshift raft , flipping through he manual . the foldout map of the manual show the ocean 's current , longitude , latitudes , and depth . pi stare at the chart , bewilder by it all . he rise up on he knee , look out at the ocean around he , then sit back , hand to forehead . pl there be no line ! 95 ext . the raft - day - montage 95 montage - pi struggle with discomfort on he raft . pi ( reading - v.o . ) '' set you house in order and dig in for the battle to survive . establish a strict schedule for eat , keep watch and get rest . do not drink urine or sea water . keep busy , but avoid unnecessary exertion . the mind can be keep occupy by play card game , twenty question , or I spy . Community sing be another sure - fire way to lift the spirit . telling storey be highly recommend . above all , do not lose hope . '' - pi scratch mark into the side of the boat to indicate the passage of time - it be he llth day at sea . ext . the raft - a short time later a96 pi be still read he survival manual . the wave pick up . the lifeboat rock . somewhere beneath the tarp , the tiger let out a faint groan of discomfort . on pi as he contemplate this ... pi ( reading v.o. : ) '' few thing can sap the spirit faster than seasickness . wave be more strongly feel when a boat turn sideways to the current . a sea anchor be use as a drag to keep the boat 's head to the wind . ( more ) 97 45 . pi ( reading v.0 . : ) ( cont 'd ) proper use of they can increase control and reduce seasickness during rough seas ... pi take a sea anchor from inside he life ring and toss it overboard . as soon as the sea anchor have be deploy , the raft slow down and the anchor line go taut . ext . raft — day 97 pi have rig a additional line between the open end of the lifeboat and he raft . pi ( reading v.o . ) for castaway who must share they lifeboat with large dangerous carnivore it 's advisable to establish a territory as you own . the follow course of action be recommend . step one : choose a day when wave be moderate but regular . step two : with the lifeboat face into the wave , make the ride as comfortable as possible , blow you whistle soothingly . step three : turn the lifeboat sideways to the wave , accompany by harsh aggressive use of the whistle . with sufficient repetition , the animal will associate the sound of the whistle with the discomfort of seasickness . similar method have long be use by circus trainer , though they generally lack access to rough seas . he reel in this line , turn the boat sideways to the wave . the rock increase . pi blow the whistle several time harshly ( " warning '' signal ) as the rock increase . from within the boat , he hear the tiger groan . he grab the original lifeline that connect the raft to the boat and haul himself in . pi grin , spit out the whistle . pi ( cont 'd ) ( a ringmaster 's call : ) let the trumpet blare , let the drum roll begin ! prepare to be amaze ! here it be , for you enjoyment and instruction , the show you have be wait for all you life will soon begin ! ( more ) aq7 46 . pi ( cont 'd ) be you ready for the miracle of it ? well , then - I give to you ... pi let go of the second line , raise he hand with a flourish . pi ( cont 'd ) ... the astounding bengal TIGER ! he pull the raft next to the tarp end of the lifeboat . the tiger crawl out from under the tarp , violently ill . pi ( cont 'd ) ( rocking the boat : ) hello , Richard parker . sorry about the choppy ride . pi pull himself onto the bow . Richard parker try to lift he head , then groan , give it up . pi lift the whistle to he mouth and blow it repeatedly as he advance to the front edge of the tarp , open he fly and piss in a straight line across the midpoint of the boat . pi ( cont 'd ) ( point : ) mine ! you understand ? yours - mine ! ( he blow he whistle ) you understand ? he step back to observe the effect of this provocation on the seasick tiger . Richard parker stagger to the edge of the tarp . he take a deep sniff and wince , groan , he tongue hang out in distaste . the tiger turn away from pi , face the stern . pi think the battle be win - until the tiger lift he tail and spray he with a tremendous burst of urine . pi ( reading v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) step four : disregard step one through three . ext . the raft —- afternoon aq7 pi pull in the solar still . pi bend down to suck fresh water from the straw that protrude from a water still , delighted to discover that it work . he carefully pour some of the water into a can for himself , then pour the rest into a bucket . b97 103 104 47 . ext . the raft / the lifeboat - a short time later b97 pi pull himself up to the bow of the lifeboat , set a bucket of water in the boat and blow he whistle . Richard parker stick he head out from under the tarp . pi here , Richard parker . I have get some water for you . pi blow the whistle once more , casting the raft adrift again . Richard parker sniff , then begin lap greedily at the water . ext . raft - insert 103 insert of pi write in manual - text on page reflect pi 's accompany v.o . pi ( vo ) in the zoo , we feed we tiger a average of five kilo of meat a day . Richard parker will be get hungry soon . ext . raft —- continuous 104 pi chew for a moment , then spit out a blob of biscuit and press the food ball onto he hook , savore the crumb that remain in he mouth . he toss the hook and biscuit onto the water - the hook sink , leave the crumble of biscuit float uselessly on the surface . pi watch helplessly as fish rise to the surface to nibble at the soggy crumb . pi ( v.0 . ) Tigers be powerful swimmer , and , if he get hungry enough , I be afraid the little bit of water between we will not be any protection . I need to find a way to feed he . God make tiger carnivore , so I must learn to catch fish . if I do not , I be afraid he last meal will be a skinny vegetarian boy . pi think a moment . he take off one of he shoe , use the knife to cut a sliver of leather off the side . he press the hook through the leather and toss it in the water . pi pull in he fishing line - the leather be go . a short time later - 105 48. ext . raft — day 105 pi have cut he shoe into a dozen bit of leather and try fishing several time - always with the same result . Richard parker , watch , mop at he jaw to wipe away drool - he 's clearly get hungry . pl patience ! ext . the lifeboat / the raft - dusk pi still fish with no success . Richard parker stare in the water at the dorado . he lean over the side of the boat , paw hungrily at the surface as fish streak past - but the fish elude he . Richard parker lean out further , strike with both paw - and finally jump in altogether . Richard parker strike and splashes as fish streak past . pi grin at the tiger 's predicament - but the moment Richard parker realize he can not climb back aboard , he begin swim toward the raft . pi snap to , recognize the danger he 's in . he reel the raft over to the lifeboat , practically leaping onto the bow . as he haul the raft aboard , Richard parker manage to catch the netting on the raft with one paw . pi lean back against a oar with all he weight , try to lever the raft aboard ; the weight of the tiger tip the entire bow lower in the water . pi be about to lose the struggle when the tiger 's claw rip through the netting , and the lifeboat spring back up in the water ; the momentum flip the raft up onto the boat . pi turn , watch as Richard parker swim up behind he alongside the bow . he dig into the supply box and rise with a hatchet in he hand , crossing to stand over the tiger and blow the whistle threateningly . standoff . pi pump the axe a few time , but cannot bring himself to kill the tiger . Richard parker stare up at pia long moment , then paddle to the stern , try once again to pull himself aboard at the other end of the boat . pl what be I do ? pi kick at the side of the boat in frustration , and be surprised to hear a metal clunk . he find a rectangular aluminum air box use for bouyancy : pi then pull the tarp back fully for the first time and examine the content below . 107 a107 b107 49 . as he remove one of the floorboard panel , imagine new use for the wooden slat , he hear Richard parker scratch at the hull of the boat . pi ( cont 'd ) wait - I be think . ext . the lifeboat - night 107 pi have tie a bunch of the flotation box to he raft and load it with all the provision from the lifeboat . he point a flashlight beam over the side at the exhaust Richard parker , the tiger 's face and whisker just above the surface of the water , scratch at the side of the boat . pi back to the other end of the boat , push he raft into the water with one hand as he rock the boat to help Richard parker climb in . the moment the tiger be aboard , pi climb onto the raft and push off , retreate to safety , blow the whistle to remind Richard parker who 's in command . as he float away , pi collapse , exhaust , on the raft . ext . the raft - day a107 pi go through the supplies list in he survival guide , match supplies to the pile of booty he 's just retrieve from the lifeboat . pi ( writing - v.o. ) 93 can of water ... ext . the raft - day b107 pi remove all of the lifejacket from under the life ring , stack they onto he latest raft structure . the empty banana netting now drape beneath the raft ; pi notice that dorado be attract to the net and get a idea . one of the dorado get very close to the net - pi realize he opportunity . he haul in the netting and wrestle the dorado onto the raft , flail against the creature 's strength and throw he full weight onto the creature to keep it from slide back into the ocean , riding it like a buck bronco . pi grab a hatchet from the raft and strike the fish over and over again . as the fish begin to die , it flash all kind of color in rapid succession - blue , green , red , gold and violet flicker and shimmer neon- like on its surface . pi start back , watch this colorful display in terrify wonder . finally , the fish ebb to grey , lifeless . 108 112a 50 . pi I be sorry . I be sorry . pi be devastate . he weep , bring he hand together , press they against he forehead , murmure a prayer to himself and bow over the dead fish in abject grief . pi ( cont 'd ) thank you , Lord vishnu . thank you for come in the form of a fish and save we life . thank you ... ext . the raft / the lifeboat - a short time later 108 pi reel himself over to the lifeboat . he move around to the side of the boat , grab the dorado by the tail and throw the entire fish over the side and into the stern . it land with a thud , and from somewhere inside the boat , Richard parker let out a grunt of surprise . after a moment , pi hear the wet mash noise of the tiger devour the fish . as pi push away from the lifeboat , he put the whistle in he mouth , blow a few sharp blast to remind Richard parker who 's in charge . ext . the raft - night 112a a full moon . all around the raft , the green surface of the water glow with million of fleck of glow plankton - and beneath the surface , fish swim past at multiple depth and in multiple direction . pi brushes he finger over the surface of the water . the surface ripple where he touch it , the plankton glow more brightly , the effect move outward and downward through the water , a ever-expand ring . pi hear a faint , rapid succession of blow . he peer into the encroach darkness but can see nothing . Richard parker be nowhere to be see . the blow stop and pi return he attention to the light show below . pi sense movement deep within the water , a cone of rush energy press up toward the luminescent surface . suddenly , the glow silhouette of a huge creature wrap in phosphorescent plankton - a humpback whale - streak to the surface nearby , its mouth gape . fifty foot in length , it thrust itself up into the air . pi barely have time to react , grip the raft and hold on for he life as the whale come crash back down into the water . 51 . the animal slip back into the ocean , create a wave that send the raft swirl across the water 's surface , submerging for a moment , then bounce off the side of the lifeboat . pi 's neatly - stack water can and biscuit tumble over the side of the raft and into the ocean . the whale disappear into the night , leave pi open-mouthed and shake . pi ( v.0 . ) of course , I bring all the biscuit and water on the raft with I to keep they safe . idiot . ext . the raft / lifeboat - late afternoon 116 a calm day ; gentle wave . afternoon , the sun beat down . pi wear he shirt wrap around he head to hold off the heat . pi ( v.o. - cont ’d ) Hunger can change everything you ever think you know about yourself . pi use he knife to cut another scratch into the hull . there be 38 scratch on the side of the lifeboat . he glance down , stare longingly at the fish that swim just beneath the raft , then look across the lifeboat , where the gaff lie hook in the tarp close to the tiger 's end of the boat . Richard parker be nowhere to be see . pi reach out with the boat hook to try to snag the gaff , but it be hook deeply into the tarp . he lay the boat hook on the tarp and climb aboard , crawl forward to free the gaff . as he wiggle the hook free , Richard parker 's head pop out from beneath the tarp only a few foot away . pi 's wince , prepare for a attack . in a instant , he 's strike hard across the face - a stun blow that send he backward onto the tarp . pause . pi open one eye . Richard parker have not move . pi look down - a slender grey - blue fish with wing be flopping about on the tarp . pi have be hit by a fly fish . Richard parker have see the fly fish as well . he rise to he haunch . pi grab the fly fish and toss it to Richard parker . pi ( cont 'd ) here , it 's yours . 52 . the tiger stand , jaw open in anticipation ... and then the fish extend its wing , veer at the last second and drop into the water . Richard parker try to bat the fish down , but it 's too quick for he . the tiger turn back toward pi with a question glare . the air around the boat whir to life as they be strike from all direction by a school of fly fish that descend upon they like a swarm of locust . some sail clear over the boat ; a number crash into the side . other , less fortunate fish land in the boat , where they start a racket of flap and flail . pi yelp in anguish as he be strike repeatedly . the school of fish be be pursue through the ocean by tuna . it be a feed frenzy - the ocean boil with jump fish and snap jaw . Richard parker become totally absorb in the kill , leaping , block , and bat down as many of the fish as he can . a fat , three - foot long yellowfin tuna land onboard , crack hard against the center bench and fall , stunne and twitching , into the boat . pi see Richard parker 's head swivel in he direction . in a moment of insanity bring on by hunger , pi reach back and grab the boat hook from the tarp , shove it aggressively into the tiger 's face just as Richard parker launch forward . the boat hook catch Richard parker square in the mouth ; the tiger stagger back in shock and growl in outrage . pi rise up to he full height , stare directly into the tiger 's eye and shouting in fury , he gaze wide , he posture defiant . pi ( cont 'd ) mine !!!! mine !!! ahhh !! aaaahhhh !!! ! Boy and tiger face off for several second , both panting , neither blink nor show fear , as the rain of fish gradually slow around they . Richard parker turn he focus from pi and take in the situation around he . realizing that he stand up to he knee in a pile of fly fish , he turn he attention to a more convenient meal . pi use the gaff to snag the tuna , shove it to the farthest edge of the bow . as he rise , late afternoon light cast golden flame across the surface of the water , throw pi into backlight . a132 b132 133 53. pi pick up the boat hook and turn to face Richard parker . ext . the raft - sunset pi take a small piece of tuna and gingerly raise it to he lip , taste flesh for the first time . a pause as he savor the taste , consider ... and then hunger take he over . he grab at the tuna , stuff piece into he mouth , devour it . ext . the lifeboat - day a132 pi use a bandage from the first aid kit to wrap a cut on he leg . as he work , he glance back toward the boat , deep in contemplation . pi ( v.0 . ) I can not risk my life every time I have to climb onto the boat for supplies . it 's time to settle this . if we be go to live together , we have to learn to communicate . ext . the raft - day b132 pi reach into the stern , pry loose a seven - foot strip of wooden molding that line the front edge of the seat . pi ( v.0 . ) maybe Richard parker can not be tame , but with God 's will , he can be train . pi work intently with he knife , whittling the strip of molding into a long taper wand with a handgrip on one end . ext . the lifeboat - day 133 pi cross the tarp , approach Richard parker with he new training stick . the tiger back off as pi approach - curious and annoyed . pi use the stick to probe into the tiger 's territory , testing he limit ; Richard parker get angry , bat at the stick . pi look away , try again , then turn to face Richard parker , who growl , angry and begin bat at the stick . pi no! 137 54 . pi give the tiger a stern glare . rp stop , stare back , then back off . pi ( cont 'd ) good . pi reach into a pouch behind he back , take out a piece of fish . he place it on the end of the stick and reach out , offer it to Richard parker , who sniff the air . pi put the fish on the bench . Richard parker eat the fish , then back up , grow calmer . pi take out another fish , reach out to tap the bench , then toss the fish on the bench . Richard parker take the fish , eat . pi toss the next piece near the edge of the tarp and tap , encourage Richard parker to follow he direction . pi ( cont 'd ) go Richard parker . go. go on home ; I will leave you alone . I will respect that . I promise . go , c'mon . Richard parker stare at pi. pi raise he arm and yell , chase Richard parker around the bench and under the tarp . pi ( cont 'd ) yes ! pi sit , the battle over . ext . the lifeboat / the raft - day 137 the sun be high . pi raise the adjustable canopy he have rig on he raft and sit beneath it . he feel the wind on he face and watch Richard parker lounge in the stern of the lifeboat . pi smile , for a moment genuinely happy . he use he knife to carefully sharpen he pencil , then begin write in the margin of he survival manual , which be cover with journal entry ... ' life be good 's montage - pi 's raft have transformed again . Fish strip dry on line ; he have fashioned new tool , rig a elaborate water collection system out of turtle shell , and a collapsible shade umbrella . - pi trim he fingernails , a fish bone toothpick in he mouth . 138 139 140 55 . pi ( writing - v.o. ) I never think a small piece of shade could bring I so much happiness . that a pile of tool - a bucket , a knife , a pencil - might become my great treasure . or that know Richard parker be here might ever bring I peace . in time like this , I remember that he have as little experience of the real world as I do . we be both raise in a zoo by the same master . now we have be orphane , leave to face we ultimate master together . without Richard parker , I would have die by now . my fear of he keep I alert . tending to he need give my life purpose . ext . raft — day 138 a school of dolphin , hundred of they , pass in the distance , the blue sea roiling . pi dolphin , Richard parker ! just beyond the school of dolphin , something else catch pi 's attention on the horizon - a freighter , much like the tsimtsum , be within a few mile of they position . pi ( cont 'd ) hey ! hey !! we 're here !! over here !! pi scramble to the storage locker , pull out the flare gun . he load and fire - the flare arc high up into the air , a miniature white star leave a bright trail of fire and smoke as it fall to the earth . later - ext . raft — sunset 139 it 's grow noticeably darker . the freighter be far off now . ext . the lifeboat - night 140 it be late now . pi load the last flare into he gun and raise it into the air - then stop . the freighter , now a fleck on the horizon , have not see they . pi watch as the dark form of the boat sink from view . 141 al41 56 . pi fire one last time , stare up at the archway of smoke and the darken sky . pi lower the flare gun . Richard parker yawn and turn away . pi ( writing - v.o. ) above all , do not lose hope ... the flare burn a hole into the night . ext . the lifeboat , month later - day 141 high angle ( '' book cover '' shot ) - look down on the boat , adrift in the middle of the ocean . pi lie curl on the tarp in the bow ; Richard parker lie in the stern . beneath the boat , the ocean swirl with traffic , include a enormous whale shark . it pass beneath the boat , the creature 's form blotting out the depth . onboard -— a141 a series of shot to show that pi have grow gaunt , he eye wild from exhaustion and endless solitude . the tarp have fade ; the paint on the boat have become sun- bleach and weather - beat . pi 's hair have grow long ; he skin have darken from olive - caramel to cocoa . the shirt have begin to take on a look of thread - wear transparency . he tap on the aluminum hull of the boat with he thumb in time with he recitation : pi «+ -645682948602814931815602496 ... ext . the lifeboat - night Richard parker gaze into the distance ; pi stare intently at the tiger . pl what be you look at ...? tell I . what do you see ? the tiger turn and look over the side of the boat into the water ; pi rise and look over the side as well , stare into the depth ... 147 148 149 57 . rp’s Pov - start on he own reflection in the water and travel downward , through school of darting tuna , squid and lantern fish , past fleeting memory of a storm and zoo animal struggle to survive in churn water and into the darkest recess of the sea , pi find a break ship and memory of a former life lie dormant on the ocean floor ... out of Pov - Richard parker look over at pi as he gaze into the water . cut to a extremely wide shot of the boat float in a sea of star . pi ( writing - v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) word be all I have leave to hang onto ... ext . lifeboat - day 147 pi 's finger tremble as he write in he manual , the tiny cramped letter barely legible , every white surface of the page cover . pi ( writing - v.o. ) everything mix up , fragment . can not tell daydream , night dream from reality anym -- the lead in he tiny stub of a pencil run out , wear to a nub of wood . pi slowly put down he pencil , brood . ext . the lifeboat - day 148 pi lie on the tarp , he position nearly unchange , beat a drum rhythm on the hull , a wreck of conflict thought and fray nerve . we hear a distant rumble of thunder . pi raise he head . Dark thundercloud rise up over the horizon blacken the heaven . another rumble of thunder , this one closer . pl Storm ! Storm , Richard parker ! ext . lifeboat - day 149 pi take down the canopy on the raft . pi begin quickly stow he gear in the storage bench , beneath the tarp . Richard parker flee to the safety of he de under the tarp . as pi stow gear , he remember he manual and take it out from he waistband . 150 58. the storm front sweep across the ocean in a squall line , high wind and rain strike pi and the lifeboat with tremendous force . the manual slip from he hand and pi be knock off he foot and into the water . he lift he head out of the water in time to watch the manual fly off into the storm . pi no ! the manual be go . pi tie himself to the lifeboat with a rope from the raft . ext . lifeboat - day 150 a stun display of cloud and lightning fill the sky , as pi look on in awe . the sky light up , a vivid white splinter of lightning crash down from the sky , puncture the water near the lifeboat . the water be shot through with what look like the white root of a enormous celestial tree ; the clap of thunder be tremendous . pl praise be to God , Lord of all world , the compassionate , the merciful ! a wave wash pi off of the tarp and onto the floor of the boat . pi climb onto the bench . he look up in wonder at the sky , overwhelm by the magnificence of the roiling cloud . pi ( cont ’d ) it 's beautiful ... where be you , Richard parker ? you have to see this ! another angle : he begin unbuttone the tarp , call excitedly to Richard parker . pi ( cont ’d ) come out Richard parker ! come see the hand of God ! pi continue to unfasten the tarp . pi ( cont 'd ) do not hide yourself ! he 's come to we ! it 's a miracle ! a huge wave envelope the lifeboat , submerging the craft completely - and then the boat pop to the surface like a cork . pi resume open the tarp . he tear it aside , expose the terrify animal to the storm . 151 152 153 59 . pi ( cont 'd ) come out and see GOD richard parker ! the sky light up all around they . the tiger begin roaring , paw at the air , eye wide , craze with fear . pi turn to face the storm . pi ( cont 'd ) why be you scaring he ! i've lost my family - i've lost everything ! I surrender ! what more do you want ? a wave wash pi overboard , and the raft come crash down on top of the lifeboat , then slide away . pi climb back on board . he lie on the bench , come to he sense , realize the extent of the danger they face . he see Richard parker cower miserably at the stern . pi ( cont 'd ) I be sorry Richard parker ! pi crawl to the bow in time to see the raft , no longer tie to the lifeboat , drift away . pound by rain and surf , he work he way around the edge of the boat , re-hook the tarp to tarp hook . with only four leave unfasten along one side , he pull himself under the tarp . int . the lifeboat , under the tarp — continuous 151 Thunder , rain and surf hammer the tarp from above ; pi pull himself under the tarp . Richard parker 's grunt and labor breathe can be hear , but man and beast be only fully visible when lightning strike , pi try to stay as far away from the tiger as he can manage . before long the boat be toss pi and the tiger as though in a wash machine , the two helplessly collide with one another , pi choke as water splashes in . ext . the lifeboat - day 152 pi wake in the sloshing water under the tarp . sunlight filter in from above . the storm have pass . Richard parker lie listlessly in the side bench . pi climb out of the waterlogged hull . a double rainbow pierce majestic cloud , the sun break through . ext . the lifeboat - day 153 the gentle sound of water lap at the side of the lifeboat ; the breeze rattling the tarp . time have pass ; 158 60 . life on the boat have grow tougher for pi , he supplies more meager , since the raft be lose . pi lie in the bow , exhaust , delirious . he pull himself upright , take a drink of water and look around , confuse . Richard parker lie in the stern of the boat , severely emaciate , he coat dull , he eye cloud . shiver , pi use the last of he strength to drag himself over to the tiger . the animal 's body be curl , he tail flat . some of he fur have fall away from he shoulder and haunch . he 's a skeleton in a oversize bag of fur . pi reach out to place a hand on the tiger . he gently touch he on one spot . pl we be die , Richard parker . I be sorry . pi sit and place the tiger 's head on he lap . pi ( cont 'd ) amma , appa , ravi - I be happy I be go to see you soon . ( pause ) can you feel the rain ? Richard parker raise he head slightly ; he tail twitches . pi ( cont 'd ) God , thank you for give I my life . I be ready now . ext . the lifeboat / the island - day 158 pi lie , unconscious , in the bow of the lifeboat . wave lap at the side of the boat , which press against the shore of a island . a gust of wind blow across pi 's face , tousle he hair . pi gradually open he eye . a beat . he tip he head back . pi 's Pov - above and behind he , the top of tree . pi turn , look at the island , amaze . the tree have a pale bark with a amazing profusion of leave , they color burn with a neon-like intensity . there be no sand ; instead the ground be a intricate , tightly webbed mass of tube - shape seaweed , about two finger in diameter . pi turn to look back to the stern ; he call under the tarp . pl Richard parker ? 164 61 . pi rise , step out of the boat . the seaweed be rubbery - uncertain ground . his leg be wobbly . he hook the gaff on a root and fall to the ground . pi tear up a piece of the seaweed and examine it . he take a experimental bite . soon he 's grab handfuls of the seaweed , eat as fast as he can . pi climb the ridge on unsteady leg . a forest come into view with nearly symmetrical pond dotting the island here and there , many of they reach 40 foot in diameter . half the island seem to be cover with meerkat - thousand of they stand together in group all over the island . the moment the first of the meerkat notice pi , it turn and stand on its hind leg - and the other immediately follow suit . ext . the island - day pi walk slowly forward , take in the meerkat and the island . gradually , the meerkat return to all four - they squeaking and bark noise come and go in wave throughout the herd . they pay he so little attention that pi have to shove they aside with he leg in order to walk . pl Excuse I ... go on , move ! pi walk beyond the throng of meerkat toward a pond , pause to examine the fish bone that litter the edge of one of the pond . the edge be steep ; he get too close , slip down the side and into the water . pi taste the water . he begin a gentle , blissful breaststroke across the pond . pi hear a commotion . he lift himself up to peer over at the meerkat . in the distance , Richard parker blaze a trail through the meerkat , catch , pin and eat as many as he can . pi smile , watch the tiger . later : ext . the tree - sunset 164 pi sit cradle in a nest of branch , rigging a hammock . as the last ray of the sun disappear , he hear a commotion below on the island and push aside branch to see better . the meerkat be abandon the pond , scurrying up onto land and run for the forest , they collective stampede noisier than a herd of elephant . Richard parker , in the meantime , run for the shoreline , scramble down the ridge as fast as possible and leaping into the lifeboat . 165 166 168 62. the trunk beneath pi be swarm as meerkat settle upon all the branch in the tree . several invade pi 's hammock , sit on he , climb over he , make themselves comfortable at he expense . pl hey ! hey ! hey c'mon . hey ! hey - get away . this be my bed ! pi shove they off as best he can and settles in for the night . ext . up in the tree - night 165 pi sleep , nestle in the branch of the tree . meerkat snore - at least one of they in the branch beneath pi do . pi wake up , stare grumpily into the darkness at the noisy offender . he be amaze to discover that what he can see of the island from he perch be bioluminescent . the leave of the tree around he and the seaweed below all glow in gentle green , while the pond beneath seem to shimmer like liquid silver - it be a scene at once beautiful and threaten . pi hear a burbling noise come from the pond at the center of the tree . he look down ; fish bubble to the surface . one of the larger fish writhes in agony at the surface before fall still along with the other . pi watch as the water below begin churn with the body of the dead fish , the surface of the water aswirl with the flash of fin - then gradually the fish begin to disappear , as though slowly dissolve in the water . pi stare at the mysterious pool , then look out over the island to where the lifeboat be anchore along shore - Richard parker be visible , sit in the boat , stare up at the island . ext . the lifeboat - night 166 close on richard parker stare into the night . ext . lifeboat - night 168 wide angle - look over the tiger 's shoulder , take in the entire island . from this distance , it look - and sound - as though the island be gently expand and contracting with the tide ... as though it be breathe . 169 170 63. ext . up in the tree - night 169 pi notice fruit grow on one of the branch above he head . he look around at the rest of the tree , but the fruit only seem to grow along the one branch . pi pluck one of the fruit and examine it . each stem that he pull cause a leaf to peel off . he reach the center of the ball , peel back the last of the leave , to reveal a tooth . flash forward to : int . pi be home , montreal - late afternoon 170 writer it be human tooth ? adult pi do not you see , the island be carnivorous . writer carnivorous ? like ... a venus flytrap ? adult pi yes , the whole island - the plant , the water in that pool , the very ground itself . during the day , that pool hold fresh water , but at night , some chemical process turn the water in that pool into acid - acid that dissolve that fish , that send the meerkat scurrying into the tree and Richard parker run to the boat . writer but where do the tooth come from ? adult pi year ago , some poor fellow just like I must have find himself strand on that island .... and like I he think he might stay there forever . but all that the island give he by day , it take away again by night . to think - how many hour spend with only meerkat for company ? how much loneliness take on ? ( more ) 64 . adult pi ( cont 'd ) all I know be that eventually he die , and the island digested he , leave behind only he tooth . I see how my life would end if I stay on that island . alone and forget . I have to go back to the world , or die try . 171 ext . island / lifeboat - day 171 pi load the boat with water and meerkat ; the tarp be pile high with root and seaweed . adult pi ( v.0 . ) I spend the next day prepare the boat . I fill my store with fresh water , eat seaweed until my stomach could take no more , and bring as many meerkat as I could fit into the storage locker for Richard parker . I could not leave without he , of course - it would mean kill he . and so I wait for he return . I know he would not be late . he blow he whistle , call : pi richard parker ! 172 ext . the island / lifeboat - sunset 172 Richard parker run down the ridge and jump into the stern . pi climb aboard and shove off . CUT to : 173 ext . ocean near island - lifeboat - sunset 173 pi and the tiger watch as the island recede into the distance , light by the late afternoon sun . pi ( v.0o ) no one have ever see that float island since ; you will not read about that tree in any nature book . and yet if I have not find that shore , I would have die . and if I have not discover that tooth , I would have be lose , alone forever . ( more ) 177 177 65 . pi ( v.0 ) ( cont 'd ) even when God seem to have abandon I , he be watch . even when he seem indifferent to my suffer , he be watch . and when I be beyond all hope of save , he give I rest , then give I a sign to continue my journey . ext . the mexican coast / the jungle - day 177 pi lean over the side of the lifeboat . he fall overboard . we follow he underwater , he foot - hit a sandy bottom . adult pi ( v.0 . ) by the time we reach the mexican shore , I be afraid to let go of the boat . my strength be go . I be so weak . I be afraid that in two foot of water , so close to deliverance , I would drow . I struggle to shore and fall upon the sand . it be warm and soft , like press my face against the cheek of God . and somewhere two eye be smile at have I there . a empty coastline , nothing but sand , rock and jungle . pi struggle to bring the lifeboat ashore . Richard parker be hide under the tarp , nowhere to be see . pi pull the painter line until the boat be on the beach , then collapse on the sand . ext . the mexican coast / the jungle - day 177 pi collapse on the beach . he hear Richard parker come a moment before he see he ; pi turn , look up as the tiger jump over the boy , stretch in the air above he and landing in the water ahead of he . adult pi ( v.0 . ) I be so spend I could not move . and so Richard parker go ahead of I . Richard parker walk along the beach , he gait clumsy and uncoordinate from so much time spend at sea . adult pi ( v.0 . ) he stretch he leg and walk along the shore . 178 181 174 66 . Richard parker stop , stare ahead into the forest , he back to the boy . pi watch the tiger from behind , Richard parker 's rib gently rise and fall as he smell the jungle air . adult pi ( v.0 . ) at the edge of the jungle , he stop . I be certain he be go to look back at I , flatten he ear to he head , growl - that he would bring we relationship to a end in some way . but he just stare ahead into the jungle . int . pi be home , dine room , montreal - sunset 178 on adult pi alone : adult pi and then Richard parker , my fierce companion , the terrible one who keep I alive , disappear forever from my life . ext . the mexican coast / the jungle - day 181 pi lie on the sand a few yard from the water . a group of six mexican local hurry down the beach to he . adult pi after a few hour , a member of my own species find I . he leave and return with a group who carry I away . pi sob uncontrollably as they carry he to safety . adult pi ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I wept like a child , not because I be overwhelm at have survive , although I be . I be weep because Richard parker leave I so ... unceremoniously . it break my heart . int . pi be home - dine room - montreal - near sunset 174 it be near sunset , the light from the window casting theroom in a golden hue - the same lighting we have just see as pi be leave the island . 67 . adult pi you know , my father be right . Richard parker never see I as he friend . after all we would be through , he do not even look back . but I have to believe that there be more in he eye than my own reflection stare back at I . I know I feel it - even if I can not prove it . I just wish ... ( beat . he sigh . ) you know , I have leave so much behind . my family , the zoo , anandi , India - I suppose in the end the whole of life become a act of let go . but what always hurt the most be not take the moment to say goodbye . I be never able to thank my father for all I learn from he , to tell he that without he lesson I would never have survive ... and I know he 's a tiger , but I wish I would say : ' it 's over . we have survive . thank you for save my life . I love you , Richard parker . you will always be with I . May God be with you . ' the writer shake he head , astonished . writer I do not know what to say . adult pi hard to believe , be not it ? a pause as the writer decide how to respond . writer it be a lot to take in , to figure out what it all mean . adult pi if it happen , it happen . why should it have to mean anything ? writer well , some of it be pretty incredible . pi nod - a half - smile - then rise , crossing to the bookshelf . a175 68. adult pi I be the only one who survive the shipwreck , so the japanese shipping company send two man to talk to I in the mexican hospital where I be recover . I still have a copy of they report . pi take a tatter notebook out of the bookcase . adult pi ( cont 'd ) they have insurance claim to settle , and they want to find out why the ship sink . they do not believe I either . pi hand the notebook to the writer . on top , there be a newspaper article with the headline '' boy rescued : 227 day in the pacific . '' the writer unclip the article , revealing the insurance report beneath . we hear okamoto 's first line over the report . int . infirmary - mexico , 1978 - day a175 okamoto thousands of meerkat ? on a float carnivorous island ? and no one have ever see it ? young pi yes . just like I tell you . chiba bananas do not float . okamoto ( in japanese : ) why be you talk about bananas ? chiba you say the orangutan float to you on a bundle of bananas . but bananas do not float . okamoto ( in japanese : ) be you sure about that ? young pi of course they do . try it for yourself . pause . 69 . okamoto in any case , we be not here to talk about bananas or meerkat . young pi I have just tell you a long story . I be very tired . okamoto we be here because a japanese cargo ship sink in the Pacific . young pi something I never forget . I lose my whole family . okamoto ( in japanese : ) get he some water . ( in English : ) we do not mean to push you . and you have we deep sympathy . but we have come a long way . and we be no closer to understanding why the ship sink . young pi because I do not know . I be asleep . something wake I up . it may have be a explosion ; I can not be sure . and then the ship sink . what else do you want from I ? chiba ( off ) a story that will not make we look like fool . okamoto we need a simpler story for we report . one we company can understand . a story we can all believe . ( chiba give pi a glass of water . ) young pi so .... a story without thing you never see before . okamoto that 's right . 70 . young pi without surprise . without animal or island . okamoto yes . the truth . b175 int . pi 's home , montreal - day b175 writer so what do you do ? adult pi I tell he another story . four of we survive ... young pi ( v.o . - overlapping ) four of we survive ... c175 int . infirmary , mexico , 1978 - day c175 young pi ... the cook and the sailor be already onboard . the cook throw I a lifebuoy and pull I aboard . mother hold onto some bananas and make it to the lifeboat . the cook , the cook be a disgusting man . he eat a rat . we have food enough for week , but he find the rat in the first few day - and he kill it , and dry it in the sun and eat it . he be such a brute , that man . but he be resourceful . it be he idea to build the raft to catch fish . we would have die in that first few day without he . the sailor be the same man who bring rice with gravy , the Buddhist . we do not understand much of what he say , only that he be suffer . I can still hear he - the happy Buddhist who only eat rice with gravy . he have break he leg horribly in the fall . we try to set it as best we could , but the leg become infect and the cook tell we we have to do something or he would die . the cook say he would do it , but mother and I have to hold the man down . and I believe he - we need to do it . ( more ) 71 . young pi ( cont 'd ) so .. I keep say , " I be sorry , I be sorry " , but he just keep .. look at I , he eye so ... I will never understand the point of that man 's suffer . we do not save he , of course . he die . the morning after , the cook catch he first dorado , and I do not understand what he would do at first , but mother do , and I would never see she so angry . ' stop whining and be happy , ' he say . " we need more food or we will die . that be the whole point . ' ' what be the point ? ' mother ask . " you let that poor boy die in order to get bait ? you monster ! ' the cook get furious . he start towards she with he fist raise , and mother slap he hard , right across the face . I be stunne . I think he be go to kill she right then . but he do not . the cook do not stop at bait either , no . the sailor , he go the same way the rat go - the cook be a resourceful man . it be a week later that he ... because of I . because I could not hold onto a stupid turtle . it slip out of my hand and swim away and the cook come up and punch I on the side of the head and my tooth clack and I see star . I think he be go to hit I again , but then mother start pound on he with she fist and scream , " monster ! monster ! " she yell at I to go to the raft - '' nee poda ! '' I think she be come with I or I would never have ... I do not know why I do not make she go first . I think about that every day . I jump over and turn back just as the knife come out . there be not anything I could do ; I could not look away ... he throw she body overboard . then the shark come . I see what they ... I see . the next day I kill he . he do not even fight back . he know he have go too far , even by he standard . he would leave the knife out on the bench . and I do to he what he do to the sailor . he be such a evil man , but worse still , he bring the evil out in I . ( more ) 72 . young pi ( cont 'd ) I have to live with that . I be alone in a lifeboat , drift across the Pacific Ocean . and I survive . 176 int . pi be home - dine room - montreal - sunset 176 adult pi after that , no more question . the investigator do not seem to like the story , exactly - but they thank I , they wish I well , and they leave . pause . the writer speak he thought aloud as the realization strike . writer so .. the storey .. both the zebra and the sailor break they leg . and the hyena kill the zebra and the orangutan . so .. the hyena be the cook . and the sailor be the zebra , mother be the orangutan .. and you be .. the tiger . adult pi can I ask you something ? writer of course . adult pi I have tell you two storey about what happen out on the ocean . neither explain what cause the sink of the ship , and no one can prove which story be true and which be not . in both storey , the ship sink , my family die , and I suffer . writer true . adult pi so which story do you prefer ? writer the story with the tiger . that 's the better story . 73 . adult pi ( heartfelt : ) thank you . and so it go with God . writer ( pause . he look up . ) mamaji be right . it be a amazing story . will you really let I write it ? adult pi of course . be not that why mamaji send you here , after all ? they hear a car pull into the alleyway alongside the house . adult pi ( cont 'd ) my wife be here . would you like to stay for dinner ? she 's a incredible cook . writer I do not know you have a wife . adult pi and a cat , and two child . writer so you story do have a happy end . adult pi well , that 's up to you . the story 's yours now . the writer smile . outside , car door slam ; we hear voice as pi 's wife and child cross around to the front . pi rise and move to the door . the writer glance one final time at the report . he flip the page and hesitates , read the last few line aloud . writer ( reading : ) '' Mr. Patel 's be a astounding story of courage and endurance unparalleled in the history of shipwreck . very few castaway can claim to have survive so long at sea , and none in the company of ... ( he look up at pi ) .-- a adult Bengal tiger . '' 183 74 . pl ( off : ) we have a guest . let I introduce you ... the writer stand and face pi . we see he Pov - on pi , hold he daughter in arm , surround by he family , smile ... dissolve to : ext . the mexican coast / the jungle - day 183 young pi's Pov of Richard parker from behind as he stare into the jungle , the tiger 's rib gently rise and fall as he smell the jungle air - and then he walk forward and disappear into the sway tree . the moment that the tiger be out of view , all the color drain out of pi 's world ; he view of the tree lose all dimension and fade to black and white as we ... fade to black . the end