the killing of a Sacred Deer written by yorgo lanthimos and efthymis filipou the killing of a Sacred Deer b ' yorgo lanthimos and efthymis filipou director : yorgo lanthimos the lobster alp dogtooth producer : Ed guiney & Andrew lowe room ( element picture ) the lobster Jimmy 's Hall cast : Colin farrell the lobster true detective ( tv ) Seven psychopath in bruge the killing of a sacred deer inspire by a euripide tragedy , the killing of a sacred deer centre on Steven , a charismatic surgeon , and a teenage boy who seek to integrate he into he break family . when the boy 's action become increasingly sinister , Steven 's ideal life start to fall apart and he be force to make a unthinkable sacrifice . int . hospital - operating theatre - morning steven , a cardiothoracic surgeon , around 45 year old , matthew , a anaesthetist of around 55 , and three surgical nurse be lean over the chest of a patient . they be perform open heart surgery . we follow the surgical instrument as they explore the patient 's internal organ . the surgeon 's movement be precise , consider . the procedure unfold in perfect synchronicity . no one miss a beat . the only sound be the clink of metal instrument , the doctor 's breathe , and the electronic beep of the heart monitor . black screen - open credit int . hospital - surgery preparation room - morning Steven and Matthew stand at a sink , wash they hand . they scrub be splatter with blood . the overhead lighting be harsh . the anaesthetist take he watch out of he pocket and put it on . the surgeon take the anaesthetist 's hand and study he watch . Steven Nice watch . Matthew thanks . steven what 's the water resistance ? matthew 200 metre . Steven it also have a date display . matthew yes , it do . steven I might have go for a metal strap instead of a leather strap . matthew oh , really ? steven yes . I think I have prefer a metal strap . I have have this one for year and it 's as good as new . he show Matthew the watch he 's wear , which have a metal strap . Matthew study it carefully . matthew what 's the water resistance ? steven 100 metre . matthew how long have you have it ? steven nine year . I be a bit bored of it , actually . I have be think about get a new one for a while now . matthew think about it . we can go together to the place where I buy it . if I tell they you be a colleague of mine , a friend , they will definitely give you a better price . both the owner and he father have be patient of mine , so I know they quite well . think about it . Steven look at Matthew 's watch again . he smile almost imperceptibly and with a nod assure Matthew that he will think about it . the anaesthetist leave the room . int . hospital - steven' office - afternoon Steven unlock the door to he office . a small room with two chair , a two - seater sofa , and a metal locker . he open the locker , take off he white coat and hang it up . he put on a blazer and pick up he leather briefcase . int . burger king - afternoon Steven sit in a Burger King , wait for someone . he sip a soft drink . there be barely any customer , it 's a slow time of day . on the table in front of he be a small piece of apple pie . martin , a teenage boy , rush over to Steven 's table . his face be flushed and he T-shirt be patchy with sweat . Martin , around 15 , be dress like a typical teenager . he have a nondescript face , not particularly likeable but not unlikeable either . martin hi. steven hi. martin sorry to keep you wait . do you eat ? steven I have just have some apple pie . martin do you mind if I grab something to eat before we go ? I be starve . steven sure . no problem . martin be you sure you do not want anything ? Chicken wing ? steven no , thank you . I be fine . do you have money ? I can give you some . martin no , I have get money , thanks . i’1l be right back . the boy leave . Steven 's mobile phone ring . he switch the ringer to silent and ignore the call . he watch the boy as he wait for he order . Martin come back . Steven watch Martin while he eat . the boy eat very methodically . he fold he napkin neatly and put it to one side . steven do you get a haircut ? martin yes . do you like it ? steven it look great . a beat of silence . steven ( cont 'd ) be not you go to eat you chip ? martin I be save they ' till last . steven why ? martin I really like chip . I always save they for last . steven I do that too . Martin finish he burger then start eat he chip . he leave half of they untouched and push he plate away . steven ( cont 'd ) shall we go ? martin I have get french class in a hour . will I be back in time ? steven yes , definitely . do not worry . ext . seaside road - afternoon Steven and Martin be stand beside the car . it be park near the sea . the weather be fine , the sea calm . a few people be swim . the boy take off he jacket . martin sorry I be late today , Steven . steven it do not matter . martin I be at a friend 's house . he get a new motorbike and I want to check it out . he take I for a ride , that 's why I be late . steven it 's fine . martin he even let I ride it for a bit . steven I hope you be wear helmet . martin yes , of course we be . we be not go very fast anyway . a beat of silence . steven I get you a present . Steven hand Martin a small box . the boy open the box . Inside be a new watch . it 's the same one the anaesthetist be wear . martin I do not know how to thank you . it 's really nice . thank you so much . can I give you a kiss ? the doctor nod . the boy kiss he and stroke he cheek . he slip the watch onto he right wrist . martin ( cont 'd ) thank you so much . steven it 's water resistant up to 200 metre . martin fantastic . do this come off ? I would prefer a leather strap . steven it come off , yes . you can put on any strap you like . but metal one be more hard - wear , that 's why I get you the metal strap . it 's more expensive too . martin yes . thank you so much . ext . steven 's house - garden - night a detach suburban house . Steven be sit at the garden table with he two child : kim , a girl of 14 , and bob , a 12 year old boy . a hush hang in the air . the garden be perfectly manicure and the flower be well tend . the doctor 's wife bring out a dish with meat and start to serve everyone . she be around 40 , rather beautiful . her name be anna . kim dad , do you remember Claire , my friend from school ? steven yes . kim it 's she birthday and she 's have a party in two week . at she place . she 's invite most of the class . can I go ? steven we will see . bob dad , if Kim go can I go with she ? steven I do not know , darling . you mother and I will discuss it and we will see . anna I say they can go . Claire be a very nice girl . she 's the girl we meet at the mall with she parent who ask you about become a doctor . the one who want to be a cardiologist . steven yes , I remember . anna how be work today ? steven Fine . how about you ? anna I have decide to make a few change at the clinic . I be go to get it paint , buy a new sofa . I be think of do it now before my receptionist go on leave . do I tell you she 's pregnant ? steven yes . good for she . anna yes . she finally succeed . she 's thrilled . ( look at she son . ) look at you , all hunch over . you will strain you back like that , how many time do I have to tell you ? and you hair be practically trail in you food . steven Bob , you promise I you would get a haircut and you still have not do it . bob I will get a haircut . steven tomorrow . bob not tomorrow , dad . after the party . anna I like he hair long . he have lovely hair . kim what about mine ? anna you have lovely hair too . we all have lovely hair . and darling , you have to go to the dentist . it 's be over six month , it 's time to get you tooth clean again . i’1l book a appointment for Friday afternoon . be Friday afternoon all right ? do you have any appointment at the hospital ? steven no . Friday after five be fine . thank you . int . steven' house - bedroom - night Anna be sit in front of the mirror , remove she make -up . Steven be lie in bed in he pyjamas , look at something on he phone . the room be dimly light . anna I buy that dress you like . I can wear it tomorrow . I can not show it to you now , it need some alteration . I be pick it up tomorrow . steven the black one ? anna it be the black one you like , be not it ? steven yes . the other one look great on you too , but I think the black one be perfect . anna I be worried it 's a bit too short . I would like it better if it be below the knee . steven you have get great leg . you have get the most beautiful leg of any ophthalmologist anywhere in the world . anna let I think , yes , of all the cardiologist in the world , there 's no doubt at all , you be most definitely the biggest flatterer of they all . steven be that a problem ? anna no , that 's not a problem . and that 's why tomorrow I be go to bake a lemon cake and nobody 's go to eat any of it , but you . steven not even the kid ? anna not even the kid . do I tell you about my receptionist ? steven yes . anna if Kim be a bit more dependable , she could help arrange the appointment at the clinic until Christina get back . steven Kim could handle that just fine . anna I do not know . I hope so . do I tell you , Bob announce I the other day he want to be a ophthalmologist . steven yes , you do . Bob would be a coal miner if you be one too . do you mind if I turn the light off ? Anna get up and kiss he on the mouth for a long time . anna no . they carry on kissing with the light on . Anna pull Steven 's pyjama bottom off . int . hospital - steven' office - morning Steven be examine a patient . there be a knock at the door . Steven 's secretary enter . secretary Excuse I , Doctor . there 's a boy for you outside . he say it 's urgent . steven I will be out in five minute . tell he to wait . 10 int . hospital - corridor —- morning Steven see Martin wait for he in the corridor . he take he to one side . steven look I have tell you , it 's best not to come to the hospital without call I first . martin you be right . I be sorry . I just want to thank you again and show you the new strap I get for my watch . I swap the metal strap for a leather one . I be sorry , I do not mean to put you in a awkward position . bye . the boy walk away . steven Martin . come here . what kind of strap do you get ? martin ( without turn he head ) Brown leather . the doctor hurry after the boy and catch up with he . steven show I . Martin hesitates at first , then show he the watch . steven ( cont 'd ) it 's very nice . martin do you really think so ? or be you just be polite ? steven I really like it . next time you want to come here , please call I first . you have my number . it 's for you own good . I might be with a patient or in surgery or ina meeting . there 's no point you wait around if I can not see you . I be tell you for you own good . martin okay . Matthew walk past , hold a patient 's file . to Steven and put on he read glass . matthew good morning . steven good morning , Matthew . matthew could you please take a quick look at this . he show Steven the file . steven of course , Matthew . please leave it on my desk . i’1l have a look ina minute . Martin look at the anaesthetist . martin we have get the same watch . the anaesthetist turn to look at Martin , who watch . steven let I introduce you . this young man be one of my son 's classmate . I run into Martin and he parent at the mall last week . he tell I he 's very interested in medicine . he want to be a cardiologist . I suggest he drop by some time , so he can see what be a doctor be really about . Martin , this be Matthew , a great friend of mine and a excellent anaesthetist . matthew that 's great . Nice to meet you . martin Nice to meet you too . Steven , I be go to leave it on you desk . let I know when you be ready . the anaesthetist walk off . steven I have get to go back in now . we will talk on the phone to arrange we next meeting . all right ? 10 . he come over show he he 11 11 . martin okay . int . steven' house - kim 's bedroom - night Steven , dress in a suit and bow tie , sit opposite Kim . she be do voice exercise . she exhales slowly , control she diaphragm , then take a deep breath and run through a series of vocal scale . Bob have just have a shower and be comb he hair very thoroughly and very slowly . Steven watch he daughter with pride , hold she gaze as she perform she vocal drill . when she finish , Steven clap , stand up , and kiss she on the cheek . steven I think you breathe have really improve over the last few month . kim that 's what the choirmaster say too . steven do you tell he to move you closer to the front ? kim yes , I do . he say he ’1ll see what he can do . Steven turn to bob. steven do you water the plant , Bob ? bob mum say she be go to water they . steven you mother work very hard . that 's why we say it would be nice to help she as much as we can , and we agree that Kim would take care of walk the dog and you would take care of the plant . bob I will do the dog and Kim can do the plant . steven you be too young to be wander around at night by yourself . 12 . Bob give the comb to Kim . bob thanks for the comb . kim you be welcome . Bob leave the room . the door open and Anna walk in . anna we have get to go . steven tell Bob to water the plant now that the sun have go down . anna I have water they already . come on , we be go to be late . 12 int . cardiology conference - hall - night Steven be at the podium give a speech . the conference hall be quite evidently full of doctor . steven a full 22 year have pass since the german cardiologist andrea gruentzig perform the first coronary angioplasty , on 16 September 1977 . today , that first patient be still alive and well . Dr. gruentzig , however , have a unfortunate accident and meet with a untimely end . in short , he be one of that rare case where one can say : '' the operation be a success , but unfortunately the doctor do not make it . '' scatter laughter in the audience . the doctor chuckle and take a sip of water before he continue . steven ( cont 'd ) in the two decade that have pass since that first coronary angioplasty , many thing have change . the indication for angioplasty be more widespread , alternative to the classic balloon method have be develop , and a angioplasty during the acute phase of a heart attack be practically a routine operation nowadays . ( more ) 13 . steven ( cont 'd ) but now let 's touch upon the importance , both for we doctor and for we patient , of the development and use of the stent . Anna watch she husband with pride . Matthew , sit next to she , get up . matthew I be go for a cigarette . i’1l be at the bar . come find I when it 's over . anna okay . 13 int . cardiology conference - party - night Steven be talk to Anna , Matthew and a elderly man , who be hold a flamboyant cocktail . elderly man the guy who make it tell I what be in it . I can not remember now but it 's very refresh . would you like one ? steven no , thank you . elderly man try it . it 's really delicious . use this straw , I have not touch it . anna he have not have a drink in three year . High ggt and elevate transaminase . elderly man good on you for not drink . Steven smile . matthew well , I would not say no toa cocktail , if you be still offer . elderly man of course . i’1l get you one right away . anna I think we should go soon . matthew it 's early . 14 . anna he 's get surgery in the morning and he need to get some sleep . matthew it 's still early . steven we have get surgery in the morning . matthew Fine , okay . how be the kid ? anna they be do very well . Bob start piano lesson and the teacher say he 's really talented . now we need to buy he one so that he can practise at home , but I have not get round to it . I be renovate the clinic . I be on the phone all day . steven we daughter start menstruate last week . matthew ( awkwardly ) great . steven yes . she be a little scared , but she 's okay now . you have not see she in age . matthew not since last summer . at that school choir concert . anna you 'il have to come over for dinner one night . you really should not stay late either . just drink that cocktail you order and get yourself home . you have to be at the hospital in six hour . shall we go , darling ? steven yes . 14 ext . seaside road - afternoon Steven be eat a ice cream with Martin . the doctor stare at the boy 's wrist as he eat he ice cream . 15 . steven you be not wear you watch . martin yes , I take it off to take a shower and leave it at home . steven it 's water resistant up to 200 metre . martin oh , that 's right . I forget . steven if you do not like it , we can go back to the shop and you can choose one that you do like . martin no , I really like it . I just take it off to take a shower and forget to put it back on , that 's all . Martin carry on eat he ice cream . it 's quite clear that the subject be close . steven do you have many friend ? martin not that many . I do not think people can have a lot of friend . I mean , it 's difficult . the important thing in life be to have good friend , not lot of friend . that 's what my dad use to tell I . steven you father be absolutely right . martin yes , I know . I have a very good friend from school who play basketball . we go and play together sometimes . and a friend who life in France . I do not see he very often . he usually come in the summer with he family . he 's a great guy , very polite , lot of hobby . I really miss he . I also consider my mum to be a friend . I know it might sound strange , but ever since my dad die we have become very close , I and my mum . we talk about thing , lot of thing . she help I as much as she can with a lot of stuff . and I help she too . 16 . steven I would like to ask you a favour . only if you want to of course , I do not want you to feel any pressure or obligation . it just seem to I like a good idea , so I think I would ask . he hesitates for a moment . steven ( cont 'd ) I would like you to come by my house one day . to meet my wife and child . I think you have all get along really well , especially with Bob . they be both lovely kid , I think you will get along great . what do you think ? like I say , I do not want to pressure you , come only if you would genuinely like to . Martin look at he for a few second without say anything . martin be you serious ? I would love to come to you house . 15 ext . steven' house - afternoon Martin enter the front garden of Steven 's house . he be carry a bunch of flower and a plastic bag . he ring the doorbell . Anna open the front door . anna good afternoon . you must be Martin . martin that 's right . this flower be for you . anna thank you very much , Martin . come on in . 16 ext . steven' house - garden - afternoon Martin go out into the back garden with Anna . Steven walk over to greet he . steven hi , Martin . do you find the house all right ? martin yes , it be very easy . 17 17 . steven you have meet Anna . now let I introduce you to my child . this be bob. and this be Kim . martin very nice to meet you . I have bring you some little gift . steven that 's very kind of you . Martin take two small box out of he plastic bag and give they to Bob and Kim . they start unwrap the present . anna thank you . martin it 's a key ring with a musical note on it for Kim , because I know she like music . and one with a smiley face for Bob . bob thanks . anna what lovely key ring . now let 's get a move on and eat before the food get cold . be you hungry , Martin ? martin yes , I be starve . int . steven' house - kim 's bedroom - afternoon Martin be sit on the edge of the bed . Bob be sit next to he . Bob be stare at Martin 's shoe , which be identical to he own - probably another gift from Steven . Kim be stand by the wardrobe . Martin stare at a photograph of Kim , lie on a beach in a swimsuit . a child 's leg , probably Bob 's , be also visible beside she in the picture . martin how long have you be in the choir , Kim ? kim two year . since I be 12 . do you like sing ? martin I love it . but I have not get a very good voice . 18 . bob how old be you ? martin 15 . bob have you get hair under you arm yet ? martin yes. kim I just get my first period . martin do you mind if I light a cigarette ? bob you would better not . kim it 's all right . just go over by the window . Martin go over to the window and smoke a cigarette . martin can you sing we something ? kim what , now ? martin yes . anything you like . kim not right now . bob she 's embarrassed . kim no I be not . I just do not feel like it . when do you start smoking ? martin eight month ago . I be over at a friend 's place , it be a party actually , and we have have way too much to drink and a girl offer I a cigarette and I say '' why not '' and light up . that be a mistake . I regret it , but it 's too late now . I be addict . 19 . bob can you show I the hair under you arm ? martin sure . Martin show Bob he underarm hair . bob you have not get that much . have you see how hairy my dad be ? martin no . bob he 's get three time more hair than you do . kim you have get a great body . martin thanks . a awkward pause . martin ( cont 'd ) do you want to go out for a walk ? it 's a really nice day . bob I would rather stay here and listen to music . Bob pick up he headphone and a mp3 player . kim be that my mp3 player or yours ? bob mine . you have ask I a million time . and do not you dare take this one and lose it as well , because dad say he 's not go to buy we new one . bob ( cont 'd ) what kind of music do you listen to ? martin all kind . bob I '' into metal and punk . what about you ? 18 19 20 20 . martin I think all kind of music be worth listen to . it depend on my mood and what I be do .. Bob put he headphone on before Martin can finish he sentence . kim I will come for a walk , if you like . we can take the dog with we . if you do not mind . martin I would rather it be just the two of we . I always get nervous around dog , in case they get into a fight with another dog . separate dog that be fight scare I . ext . road - afternoon Martin and Kim be walk along the road . there be a awkward distance between they and they both stare straight ahead . Martin have one hand in he jacket pocket and a cigarette in the other . Kim walk a few step behind he , watch he . she pick up she pace and catch up with Martin . she undoe she ponytail and shake out she hair . ext . park —- afternoon Martin be sit on a bench watch Kim . she stand face he , sing a song . Martin nod he head in time with the music . Kim sway as she sing , not quite dance . she hold a light cigarette in one hand . int . steven' house - live room - afternoon Martin be sit on the sofa . Kim sit next to he . Anna , opposite they , be serve lemonade . on the table be a plate with some carrot cake . the dog be stare at the cake . Bob still have he headphone on . martin be this homemade lemonade ? anna yes . martin it 's amazing . my mother make lemonade too . but she have not make it in a while . i’1l ask she to make some . I love lemonade . 21 . he drain he glass of lemonade and refill it . martin ( cont 'd ) the kid 's room be amazing . so big and bright . I tell Bob to put a pull - up bar in he bedroom doorway . I have get one and I do a few pull - up every time I walk past . steven that 's a great idea . bob I do not think so . pull - up bar in doorway be dangerous . you might fall . martin if you attach it to the door frame properly , you will not fall . bob okay . if we get one , we will ask you to come help we put it up . martin with pleasure . you know this whole house be really amazing . steven you be welcome to spend the night , if you like . we can easily fit a mattress on the floor next to Bob 's bed . you can play together in the morning and I will drop you back home tomorrow afternoon . martin thank you very much , but I have rather go home tonight . I do not like leave my mother by herself . she would not mind if I tell she I be spend the night here , but I would better not . steven whatever you like . martin can I have a piece of cake please ? anna of course you can . what about you guy ? kim no. 21 22 Bob do not respond . int . steven' house - bedroom - night . 22 . Anna be in the en-suite bathroom , floss she tooth . Steven be already in bed . anna what a charming boy . steven be not he ? anna yes , very . how do he father die ? steven car crash . anna you should tell he to come round again . the doctor 's mobile phone ring . he ignore it . steven I will . he will be great company for Bob . I think next time I could take they both out somewhere , for a bike ride . anna darling , you should get that . it might be the hospital . Steven answer he phone . it 's Martin . Steven get up and leave the room . int . steven' house - hallway - night Steven go out into the corridor . he try to speak quietly . steven hello ? martin hello . how be you ? steven I be fine , Martin . have something happen ? martin no . I just call to tell you I have a wonderful time today . 23 . steven I be very pleased to hear that . martin yes . I think I should return the favour , so I would like to invite you to dinner . at my house . my mother will be delighted to see you . she have not see you in two year , not since the hospital . I ask she if she would like you to come for dinner one day and she say she would like that very much . she will bake a meat pie . steven that 's very kind of you . we ’1ll do that someday . martin tomorrow night . I tell she already . I have ask she to make meat pie and lemonade . i’1l be home by eight - thirty . around nine ? steven all right . around nine . martin I can buy some non- alcoholic beer , if you like . steven no , there 's no need . martin I nil buy four and if you do not drink they it do not matter . my mother will drink they , or some other guest another day . so i’1ll see you tomorrow at nine . good night and sorry to disturb you . be Kim and Bob asleep ? steven yes . martin I be go to sleep now , too . good night . steven good night . 23 24 25 24 . int . hospital - surgery prep room - morning Steven pull off he bloody surgical glove . he wash he hand and then apply steriliser . Matthew , stand beside he , take off he disposable hat , glove , and surgical mask and throw they in the bin . matthew a friend of mine bring I a huge steelhead the other day . I think I would barbecue it . do you and Anna want to come over for lunch on Saturday ? steven I have love to . i’1l talk to Anna tonight to check we can make it and let you know . matthew do Anna eat fish ? steven yes , she do . matthew I be only ask because she seem like quite a picky eater . steven no , she be not . she love fish . matthew perfect . then you must come . tell she I will be offended if you do not . int . hospital car park - evening Steven approach he car . the car park be fairly dark . Steven get into he car and switch on the engine . as he pull away , he see a figure move behind some park car . it look like Martin . he 's wear the same jacket as Martin , but we can not see he face . as Steven drive towards he , the figure run towards the fire escape , open the door , and disappear . int . martin be house - night Steven , Martin and martin 's mother have just finish dinner . Martin 's mother be around 45 year old , a little plump , and have a beautiful face . she be dress rather formally and be heavily make up . the live room be spacious and decorate in a conventional style . everything be just so . Martin drain a glass of lemonade . his mother clear away the dish and take they into the kitchen . 25 . steven do you come to the hospital today ? martin no . I be at school , then I go to the gym and my french class . be not you at the hospital today ? steven I be , but I be really busy . I just wonder whether you come by and could not find I . Martin 's mother return . martin I would like we to watch a film together , if you do not mind . martin' mother I would gladly watch a film . steven I be afraid I have to be get home soon . I can not be out too late . I do not tell my wife I have be late tonight and she might get worried . martin' mother you could call she . in any case , if you feel tired we can stop the film , you can go home and we can watch the rest next time you come . martin please . we have rent my favourite film . it be my father 's favourite film too . int . martin be house - night Steven , Martin , and Martin 's mother be sit on the sofa watch the film . she look rapt . Martin yawn . martin I think I 'il go to bed . I be tired . besides , I have get to get up early tomorrow to finish my homework . I be sorry I can not watch the end of the film with you . he give they both a kiss and hug . martin ( cont 'd ) good night . 26 . martin' mother good night . steven good night . sitting on the sofa side by side , Steven and Martin 's mother carry on watch the film for a while . martin' mother he really love you , you know . he talk about you a lot . steven I love he too . martin' mother have you be marry long ? steven 16 year . martin' mother you have lovely hand . steven thank you . martin' mother most doctor have beautiful hand . so white and soft and clean . steven really ? martin' mother yes . I remember you hand from back when I use to visit my husband at the hospital . in fact , I even tell he about you hand and he agree . '' you be right , he have beautiful hand , '' he say . steven thank you very much . martin' mother do you remember I come to the hospital ? steven of course . martin' mother I be a bit heavier then . and my hair be brown . she move 27 . steven yes . martin' mother I get tired of it . I dyed it about a month ago . do you prefer I with brown hair ? like it be back then ? steven I think it 's nicer now . martin' mother yes . I agree . do you like the film ? steven yes , it 's good . martin' mother it get better . you will see . would you like some dessert ? steven no , thank you . martin' mother maybe later , then . you do eat a lot . closer to he . martin' mother ( cont ’d ) can I have a closer look at you hand ? Steven look embarrassed . reluctantly , he extend a hand . Martin 's mother look at the doctor 's hand . she kiss it momentarily , almost reverently . then again and again , all over . she stick he whole thumb in she mouth . he stand up . martin' mother ( cont ’d ) do not be afraid . he 's definitely asleep . there 's nothing to be afraid of . in any case , he want this as much as I do , you know . steven I have to go . it 's late . thank you for dinner . I have to go . have a good night . martin' mother I be sorry if I make you feel awkward . I do not mean to . but I will not let you leave until you have try my tart . I make it for you specially . ( more ) 27 28 . martin 's mother ( cont 'd ) it 's a caramel tart with custard cream . I will bring you some now . please , sit down . steven I be afraid I really have to go . good night . the doctor get he coat and bag and walk out . int . hospital - steven 's office - morning Steven walk into he office . Martin be there , sit ina chair . the doctor be startle to see he . he stand in the doorway hold he bag . Martin smile at he . martin good morning . steven what be you do here ? why be not you in school ? martin my heart aches . the boy take off he T-shirt . steven what do you mean ? martin I be in pain . it 's my chest , my heart . I be worried . steven there 's no reason for you to be worried . martin I be worried because it 's hereditary . steven you be too young to be worried . martin that 's what you say about my father . and he do not smoke , he eat a very healthy diet , he go swim almost every day . he should have come out of that surgery alive but he die . I also smoke . I start smoking recently . ( touch he chest . ) it hurt here . I hardly sleep at all last night . ( more ) 28 29 29 . martin ( cont 'd ) my mother be terribly worried . I sleep in she bed . Steven attaches some electrode to the boy 's chest . int . hospital - stress test room —- morning Martin be run on a treadmill . wire be attach to he body . Steven measure Martin 's blood pressure while he run . int . hospital - steven 's office - morning Martin remove the electrode from he body and put he T - shirt back on . martin if I have hair on my chest and stomach , how would you attach this ? steven we would shave the hair off first . martin how long do it take for the hair to grow back ? steven I do not know . about a month , I suppose . martin you son tell I you have load of hair under you arm , three time more than I do . and that you have a hairy belly and a hairy back . steven I probably do have a bit more hair than you do because I be older than you . but you 'il soon have more hair too . it 's all down to hormone . martin can I see ? please . take off you shirt and show I , please . the doctor hesitates , but eventually comply . Martin stare at he body . martin ( cont 'd ) okay , you do have more than I . but not three time more . ( more ) 30 . martin ( cont 'd ) mum and I think it would be nice if you come for dinner with we tonight , then we can watch the rest of the film . be nine good for you ? steven thank you very much , but I be afraid I can not make it tonight . I need to be home . martin can not you get away for a couple of hour ? steven I be afraid not . some other time . martin my mother will be upset . I x11 tell you a secret , but do not tell she I tell you . I think she like you . I mean she 's attract to you . she say that 's not true , but I be sure of it . and to be honest , I think you be perfect for each other . you would make a great couple . she 's get a great body , you have see that for yourself . she lose weight and now she 's have a really lovely figure . steven you mother be very beautiful , but the idea that she and I could ever be together be ludicrous . let I remind you that I be a marry man and I love my wife very much , and my kid , and that we be very happy together . the boy look at Steven , half sad and half angry . tear well up in he eye . steven ( cont 'd ) and for you information , you be absolutely fine . there 's nothing wrong with you . but you really should stop smoking . do you promise ? Martin stand up . martin so we be okay ? there 's nothing wrong with I ? 30 31 31 . steven you could not be healthier . now you would better go because I be late for my round . let 's talk tomorrow or the day after and arrange to meet again . Steven head towards the door . martin I want you to buy I a motorbike . a white Honda crf250 . will you ? steven we will talk about it next time we meet . int . matthew' house - kitchen - day Steven and Matthew be stand over the steelhead trout . Matthew be gut the fish . Steven watch he , drink ginger beer from a bottle . int . burger king - afternoon Martin be sit by himself . he have finish he meal and be stare out the window . the doctor be clearly late . the boy check he watch . he stare out the window again . his phone ring . a beat . martin yes . where be you ? I call you a hundred time , do not you see my call ? yes I be here , I have eat already . sorry I do not wait for you but I be starve . what do you mean ? what do you mean you can not ? I get you a apple pie . at least come for a bit . you have to come . I have be wait for over half a hour . come for a bit . I can come closer to where you be . where be you ? be you at the hospital ? i’1l bring you the apple pie . martin ( cont 'd ) what 's so important ? a operation ? be you at the hospital ? what sort of incident ? not tomorrow , now . not tomorrow . I can not tomorrow , I have to study . now. listen to I . just a minute . where be you ? another beat . 32 32 . Martin hang up the phone . he look annoyed . ext . matthew 's house - garden - day Matthew be grill piece of trout on the barbecue . the garden be immaculate . at the back of the large , suburban house be a wooden deck . Anna be help the anaesthetist 's wife , mary , a woman of around 55 , to set the table . Steven emerge from the house and sit in a chair . he look ill at ease . he pick up a glass of wine and hold it in he hand , but do not drink . anna where be you ? steven I be inside , make a phone call . matthew the fish be almost ready . pass I a plate . steven do you need a hand ? matthew no , that 's okay . I forget to tell you . I see that boy yesterday . you son 's friend . steven Martin ? matthew yes , right . Martin . I could not remember he name . steven where do you see he ? matthew at the hospital . he be hang around beside you car . it look like he be wait for you . I say hello , but he pretend not to see I . steven that 's impossible . it can not have be he . matthew maybe I be mistaken . but it look a lot like he . 33 33. steven you should go see Anna and get you eye check . take my piece off the grill , will you ? I do not like it overdo . int . steven 's house - live room - night Steven be sit on the sofa , stroking the dog . he be eat a sandwich . he feed the dog some ham . the door open and Kim walk in . kim hi , dad . steven hello , darling . where have you be ? kim choir practice . steven have you eat ? kim yes , I eat earlier . steven you do not have to take the dog for a walk . I take he out already . we get back a little while ago . kim okay . she put she bag down by the door . kim ( cont 'd ) dad , do you know who I see today ? steven who , darling ? kim Martin . steven Martin who ? kim Martin . that boy who come over the other day , the son of you ex - patient . he bring I back from choir practice on he friend 's motorbike . he 's really funny . I laugh so hard my rib hurt . 34 35 34 . steven yes , he be very funny . Kim , I do not want you riding on motorbike without a helmet . kim I be wear a helmet . he give I he . steven why do not you ask he to come in ? kim I do , but he be in a hurry . he have to get home . where 's mum ? steven she 's take a shower . be there something you need ? kim I be go up to bed . she kiss Steven and leave . steven good night . ext . steven' house - night Martin be stand on the pavement opposite Steven 's house . he watch the house with a blank expression that betray no emotion . he be hold a helmet under he arm . his friend 's motorbike be park beside he . it 's a red honda CRF . the light in the live room go off . int . steven' house - kitchen —- morning Steven , Anna and Kim be have breakfast . Bob be not there . Steven seem agitate . kim '' good evening . Anna Murphy Eye Clinic , how may I help you ? '' anna '' good evening . I have like to make a appointment . '' kim '' when for ? '' anna '' certainly . of course . when would you like to come in ? '' 36 35 . kim '' certainly , when would you like to come in ? '' anna '' today . it 's urgent . '' kim '' today be impossible . '' anna '' please describe you symptom . '' then you come and talk to I and I tell you whether it 's urgent or not . meanwhile , you ask they to hold while you check to see whether any appointment be available . steven do you wake up Bob ? anna I do . he just like lie in bed for a bit before he get up . leave he be . should I squeeze some more orange juice ? steven he will be late . have you see the time ? the school bus will be here any minute . Steven get up and go to get Bob out of bed . int . steven' house - bob' bedroom - morning Bob be sit on the edge of he bed . as soon as he father enter the room , Bob turn to look at he . his face be pale . he look a little frighten . steven Robert , do you have any idea what time it be ? get up and get dress . bob I can not get up . steven you have ten minute to get wash , dress and eat you breakfast . I be not go to drive you to school and neither be you mother . bob I can not get up . 37 38 39 36 . steven Bob . get up and get dress and stop mess about . Steven go to leave the room . bob dad . my leg . they be numb . I can not move they . I can not stand up . Bob be on the verge of tear . int . steven' house - garage - morning the garage door open automatically . Steven lift he son into the car . Anna help he . she close the back door of the car and then get into the driver 's seat . ext . hospital entrance —- morning Steven lift Bob out of the car . he put a hand around he shoulder and practically carry he son into the hospital . Anna follow they inside . int . hospital - neurologist 's office - morning dr . andrew nichol , a neurologist , be examine Bob . the boy be lie on a hospital bed . his shoe be off . Steven be sit in a chair , watch the whole procedure . he try to crack a joke to reassure he son . steven I hope you wash you foot yesterday , Bob , because Dr. Nichols punish boy who do not wash between they toe . he give they injection with big fat needle . dr . nichol Bob 's foot be just fine and he have lovely hair and he be very brave . he 's all grow up now . you know I have long hair when I be little , too . just like Bob . steven I do not know that . really ? dr . nichol yes , really . only mine be curlier . now then Bob , I want you to tell I where you be . 40 37 . bob I be at the hospital . in the neurology department . dr . nichol that 's absolutely right . and what day be it today ? bob Thursday . dr . nichol okay then . with this pin , I be go to touch the sole of you foot and all you toe . I want you to tell I if you can feel it . do not be scared , I be not go to prick you , I be just go to touch you . okay ? Bob nod . dr . nichol ( cont ’d ) perfect . Bob can feel the pin under all he toe . dr . nichol ( cont ’d ) perfect . now , look directly into my eye for this one . as soon as you see a finger move , point to it . the neurologist spread out he hand and finger . Bob look he in the eye without move he head . Dr. Nichols move a finger on the leave , then a finger on the right , then both finger together . Bob point to the correct finger every time . dr . nichol ( cont ’d ) okay , good . now I be go to test you sensation . I want you to tell I if this feel the same on both side . he touch Bob on the leave and right cheek , the leave and right ear , the leave and right temple . Bob nod each time . dr . nichol ( cont ’d ) now close you eye as tight as you can . okay . show I you tooth . okay . int . hospital corridor - morning Anna be wait in the corridor . Steven and Bob go up to she . Bob be limping a little , but he can walk . 38 . anna what happen ? steven everything be absolutely fine . Andrew give he a thorough neurological examination and he pass with fly colour . it 's nothing . you two go home and we 'il talk tonight . I will not be late , my schedule be pretty light today . okay ? anna maybe he should have a mri . steven there 's no need to bother with all that . he just get scared , that 's all . he 's absolutely fine . you be absolutely fine , be not you ? bob yes . steven I think there be probably some test at school today that we be not very well prepare for . anna yes , and he prefer to spend he day at the hospital with Andrew and we . let 's go . bob dad , be not you go to show I you office ? steven another time , darling . I have to go down to the operate theatre right away . Steven kiss he son and walk away . steven ( cont 'd ) I have have to go . see you tonight . call I if you need anything . bye bye . anna bye , darling . Anna lead Bob away . 4l 42 43 39 . int . hospital entrance - morning Anna and Bob be walk towards the exit . the moment they step outside , Bob collapse to the ground . his mother bend down and try to lift he up . she call for help and two nurse rush over . they lift Bob into a wheelchair . int . hospital - mri scanner room - morning Bob be lie inside a mri machine . Steven and Anna watch from behind a glass window . Dr. Nichols be take note . int . hospital - patient 's room - night Bob be sleep . Anna sit beside he . Steven stand talk to Matthew . there be a second bed in the room , but it be empty . matthew you do not have to operate tomorrow . cancel everything . steven no . why would I cancel ? the schedule would go haywire . there 's no need . anyway , it 's nothing . the door open and Dr. Nichols walk in . anna any news , Andrew ? dr . nichol mri and mra both fine . blood work come back good . cardiogram , chest X - ray and carotid ultrasound all clear . steven I tell you . I know it . anna thank goodness for that . dr . nichol have he be under any psychological stress lately ? exam at school maybe ? steven yes . anna no , he be not stress , he be just fine . he 's always a bit anxious , but that 's just the way he be . 40 . dr . nichol in my opinion , he should stay in tomorrow as well so that we can keep a eye on he . anna maybe we should give he a pet scan ? steven I do not think there 's any need for that , do you Andrew ? tomorrow he 'il be well enough to walk all the way home . dr . nichol yes , I do not think that 's necessary at this point . let 's see how thing be tomorrow and take it from there . there 's nothing to worry about , in my opinion . you go home and we will speak tomorrow . i’1l be here all day . Anna , it be great see you , even under this circumstance . anna and you , Andrew . how 's you daughter ? dr . nichol she get marry last year . I ’ma grandfather now . anna give she my love . dr . nichol I will . good night . steven Goodbye , Andrew . thanks for everything . matthew do you want I to let they know that you will not be operate tomorrow ? steven I say no . do not go on about it . anna that will not be necessary , Matthew . I will come in the morning . I will not go in to the clinic . i’1l bring he that cinnamon doughnut he love so much . 44 45 41 . steven yes , I be sure he 'il be thrilled . ext . road - night Martin be riding he friend 's motorbike . Kim sit behind he , hold on tight . neither of they be wear helmet . Martin focus all he attention on the road . tear be stream down Kim 's face , but it 's impossible to tell whether it 's from the wind or if she 's cry for some other reason . ext . steven 's house - garden - night Anna be water the plant . Kim come out into the garden . anna where be you ? kim at Claire 's . be dad asleep ? anna yes . kim how 's Bob ? anna Bob be absolutely fine . they have just keep he in as a precaution . Kim look at she mother for a while without say anything . kim how be you ? anna I be fine . how do you mean ? kim I mean be you tired ? anna I be absolutely fine . a little tired , that 's all . kim okay . anna see you in the morning . oh , and while Bob 's in the hospital , you 'il be responsible for water the plant . okay ? Kim walk away without answer . 46 47 42 . int . hospital - corridor —- morning Steven , dress in he white doctor 's coat , and Anna , hold a box of doughnut , be walk down the corridor . it be rush hour at the hospital . they both greet various people as they walk along . anna do he go to the toilet ? do he get up ? steven he have not when I pass by about a hour ago . he do not want to . anna he do not want to pee or he have not get up ? steven he do not want to pee . anna could he get up ? steven he be asleep . I do not want to drag he out of bed . they stop outside the door to Bob 's room . int . hospital - patient 's room - morning Steven and Anna enter Bob 's room . Martin be already there , sit next to Bob 's bed . Martin stand up . martin good morning , Doctor . how be you Mrs. Murphy ? I just come by to see Bob . Kim tell I what happen . anna hello , Martin . how nice of you . hi darling , good morning . do you friend Martin come to see you ? Bob do not reply . martin I ’1ll leave you alone now so that you can spend time with he too . I have to go anyway . i’1ll come by and see he again some other time , for sure . I offer to help he go to the toilet but he do not want I to and he wet the bed . I bring some lemonade . mum make it yesterday . ( more ) 48 43 . martin ( cont 'd ) try it and let I know what you think . steven thank you very much . Anna go over to Bob . anna darling , do you know what 's in this box ? bob what ? anna cinnamon doughnut , that 's what . Martin go over to Steven . Anna pull off the sheet and fold they up . martin I will be in the canteen . come whenever you can . steven I do not think I 'il have time today , as you might imagine . we will talk some other time . martin no. today . come to the canteen . just for ten minute . do not stand I up like last time . Goodbye Mrs. Murphy . bye , Bob . Martin leave . we hear Anna say goodbye as we watch he go . int . hospital canteen - afternoon Martin be wait in the hospital canteen . Steven appear . the canteen be pack with doctor , nurse and patient , seat at the table . martin coffee ? Apple pie ? steven I have only get ten minute . I have to be back upstairs in ten minute max . martin okay . i’1l get straight to the point . I have bring you a present . ( more ) 44 , martin ( cont 'd ) you have give I so many present and I have never give you anything . I think that be rude of I . so I decide to make amend . Close you eye . Steven do not close he eye . martin ( cont 'd ) please close you eye . Steven , lose patience , close he eye . Martin place a small box in he hand . Steven open he eye and see the box . martin ( cont 'd ) it 's a swiss army knife . the boy put he hand over he mouth , mortify . martin ( cont 'd ) I should not have tell you that . I mess it up . I ruin the surprise . I be sorry . steven thank you very much , Martin . martin what a idiot . steven it do not matter . thank you very much . a paramedic approach the doctor . paramedic good afternoon , Doctor . steven hello , Justin . paramedic I get the car . second-hand , but still . Blue . I could not find it in silver . steven that 's great . you will have to take I for a ride in it soon . paramedic yeah , sure . see you later . the paramedic walk away . 45 . martin that remind I , do you do anything about that motorbike I want ? steven Martin , I have to get back upstairs . martin all right . I will not keep you much longer , even though you be devote less and less time to I lately . but that 's okay , I understand . I just want to say one more thing . I be really sorry about Bob . steven it 's nothing serious . martin no , it be . that critical moment we both know would come someday , well , here it be . the time be now . you will see , thing will be better for we all after this . you know what I mean . steven no , I do not . listen , Martin , I do not have time for this . I have to be upstairs . Steven stare at Martin in silence . the boy look around to make sure nobody can hear they , that nobody be sit too close . martin ( speak fast , almost without catch he breath ) okay , I be go to tell you this as quickly as I can so that I do not hold you up since I get that you do not have much time and you have to go back up to the ward . I will make myself as clear as possible . yes , it 's exactly what you think . yes . that 's it . just like you kill a member of my family , now you have to kill a member of you own family . to balance thing out , understand ? I be not go to tell you who to kill of course , that 's for you to decide . but if you do not do it , they all die . Bob will die . Kim will die . ( more ) 46 . martin ( cont 'd ) and so will you wife . they will all get sick and die . one : paralysis of the limb , two : refusal of food to the point of starvation , three : bleed from the eye , four : death . one , two , three , four . you be not go to get sick , do not worry . you just have to stay calm , that 's all . there , I say it . as quickly as I could . I hope I have not keep you too long . oh and one more thing , but I will be very quick . you only have a few day to decide who to kill . once stage three kick in - remember what stage three be ? bleed from the eye , that 's stage three - once the bleed start , they die in a matter of hour . well , do not let I keep you . I have nothing more to say . unless you have any question . Steven stare at Martin in silence . he be clearly furious . he pick up he mobile phone and key . steven get up and get out of here and do not you dare come back or call I ever again . now . before I hit you . martin all right , I will go . I have to go anyway , I have french class to get to . I be leave anyway . but do not get angry . there 's really no point get mad at I . I tell you . this will do we all good . you will see . steven if you ever come anywhere near I , my wife , or my child again I will kill you , I swear . martin ( loudly ) but how will you kill I ? oh wait , I have a idea . why do not you operate on I ? several people turn and stare at the doctor . Steven get up and leave . Martin call after he . martin ( cont 'd ) do you know if Kim 's go to come by today ? ( more ) 49 50 47 . martin ( cont 'd ) if she do , tell she I 'il be outside , at the main entrance . I be go for a cigarette . int . hospital entrance - afternoon two security guard escort Martin out of the building . he head towards the exit without put up a fight . he glance over he shoulder and then walk out , zipping up he jacket and smoothing down he hair . int . hospital - patient 's room - evening Anna be sit on the empty bed next to she son 's bed . she be read he a book . Steven come in and sit in a chair . he be restless . steven have he eat ? anna no , he 's not hungry . steven what do you mean he 's not hungry ? anna he 's not hungry . Steven take a doughnut out of the box . he reach over and put it near he son 's mouth . steven come on , darling . eat a doughnut . bob I do not want it , dad . steven you do , but you be afraid that you mother and I will tell you off for eat doughnut . come on , eat it . you have my permission . you have we permission . it 's okay for he to eat a doughnut , be not it Anna ? anna yes . steven you hear you mother . eat it . he prise bob lip open and shove the whole doughnut into he mouth . Anna get up and pull Steven away from they son . 51 48. anna leave he alone . he do not want it now . he will eat it later . Steven do not back down . he gesture for Anna to sit back down . steven that 's right . chew it a bit . now swallow . Bob spit the doughnut out . anna leave he alone . he say he do not want it now . steven he be go to eat it right now . he be completely run down , that 's why he keep fall over and crawl around on all four . he 's go to eat they , all of they . in five minute flat , I want to see this whole box empty . Steven storm out of the room , slamm the door behind he as he go . int . hospital - director 's office - night Steven , Anna , Dr. Nichols and the hospital director be discuss Bob 's case . a female doctor be stand beside they , along with Matthew . they have spread all of Bob 's test result out on the desk . the Hospital director study the test result thoroughly , in silence . anna he stop eat today . he keep vomit . the Hospital director look up at Anna and then look back at the test result . steven some of the test need to be do again , in my opinion . they have not find anything , it 's not possible . anna it 's be less than a day since he last test . I do not think the result will be any different . to be honest , I think what we have here be a clear case of some psychosomatic disorder . 52 53 49 , hospital director I be inclined to agree with Anna . steven what do you mean ? should not we rule out all possible cause before we resort to the easy option of a psychosomatic disorder ? dr . nichol we already have rule out everything else . hospital director I think with psychiatric treatment and psychological support everything will be fine . he will walk again and eat just fine . anna of course he will . steven Anna , if Bob be short - sighted or have a cataract or glaucoma , then you opinion really would be valuable . but thankfully Bob 's eyesight be perfect . and I can honestly say that if he ever need glass , you would be the first person I would consult . but right now the boy can not eat and be paralyse in both leg , so I be afraid I be not remotely interested in you medical opinion . nobody say a word . Anna open the door and leave the room . int . steven' house - bathroom - night Kim put on lipstick and brushes she hair in front of the mirror . she then spray herself with a little too much perfume . int . steven' house - kim 's bedroom - night Kim and Martin be sit on the bed , kissing . the bedroom light be on . Music be play on the computer . Kim 's bed be make . Martin touch she breast . martin be you on you period ? kim no . if you be hungry we can order something later . ( more ) 54 50 . kim ( cont 'd ) my parent will be home late and they have leave I some money . martin I be not hungry . Kim stand up , strip down to she underwear and lie on the bed , beneath she swimsuit picture . Martin smile . they kiss . martin ( cont 'd ) you be the prettiest girl I have ever meet . you mother be make a big mistake not trust you to work at the clinic . a huge mistake . martin ( cont 'd ) I be afraid I have to go . kim why ? stay a bit longer . we can listen to some music . martin I can not , Kim . it 's late . kim be you mad at I because of my dad ? martin do not be stupid . I be not mad at you at all . and I think I have make myself clear - I do not feel angry at he , I feel sorry for he . I have to go because it 's late , that 's all . it 's as simple as that . do not be annoying , I think you understand . kim I be sorry . Martin , I love you so much . he hug she but do not say it back . int . hospital - corridor - night Anna be march angrily down the corridor . Steven follow she , hold a file of papers . steven I be sorry about what happen in there . 55 56 57 51 . anna it do not matter . steven I be just so exhaust and stress and ... anna ( interrupt ) it 's okay . steven you go home . I be stay here . anna what do you mean ? steven I be go to give he all the test again . every single one of they . I be stay here . go home . anna let 's go home and we will talk it over again tomorrow . steven just go . go to Kim , she 's by herself . i’1l come later . go. anna good night . Anna stand there watch Steven as he go back towards the patient 's ward . int . hospital - corridor - night Steven push Bob along in a wheelchair . Bob look groggy . he 's half asleep . Steven march manically up and down the hospital corridor . int . hospital - blood test room - night Steven take blood from Bob . he give the blood sample to a nurse . int . hospital - mri scanner room - night Bob be lie inside the mri machine . he disappear into the machine as Steven watch . 58 59 52 . int . hospital - ultrasound room - night tire but wire , Steven stand next to a doctor who be give Bob a abdominal ultrasound . doctor take a deep breath and hold it for a few second . good . int . hospital - corridor - night Steven push Bob back to he room in the wheelchair . Bob be shattered , so be Steven . abruptly , Steven stop push the wheelchair , lift Bob up with both hand , put he arm around he and walk he down the corridor , with the drip trail behind they . Steven let go of Bob and he fall to the floor . Steven pick he up again . he kneel down in front of he son . steven Bob , why do not we play a game ? bob what game ? steven I will tell you a secret , something I have never tell you before , and then you 's 1ll tell I one . and whoever tell the best secret win . okay ? when I be you age I would just start masturbate and I have only just start ejaculate . only a little , barely a drop . I be worried that I have some kind of problem because at school I would hear all sort of storey . then one day when my father have have a lot to drink and my brother be out and he be sleep in the bedroom , I creep inside , put my hand on he penis and start stroking it until he ejaculate . the sheet get cover in sperm . I get scared and run out . I have never tell anybody that before . now it 's you turn to tell I a secret . Bob stare at he father , dumbstruck . a awkward silence . bob I do not know . I do not have one . steven that 's impossible , you must have one . 60 53. bob I do not . steven Bob , if all this be just a act , you should know that if you tell I now , I will not punish you and neither will you mother . we will not be angry with you either . bob it 's not a act . steven but if it be a act and you do not stop this stupid joke right this minute , you punishment will not just be no tv for a month . I will take my electric shaver and I will shave you head and I will make you eat you hair . I mean it , I will literally make you eat you hair . I be not kid . bob it 's not a act . Steven put Bob back into the wheelchair in silence . int . steven' office - hospital - morning Steven be asleep at he desk . his hair be tousle and he tie be undone . the door open and Anna walk in . Steven wake up . Anna hand he a takeaway coffee . they do not say anything . Steven have nothing to report . anna I bring you a clean shirt . she take a shirt out of she bag and hang it up inside the locker where Steven keep he lab coat . steven thank you . anna anything to tell I ? Steven shake he head . anna ( cont 'd ) hungry ? want I to bring you something to eat ? 61 62 63 64 54 . steven no , thank you . maybe you be right . maybe it 's all psychological . anna everything will be all right , you will see . trust I . we be in this together and everything will be all right . let 's go and get you something to eat and some fresh air and then we will go up and see the little one . int . school - rehearsal room —- day Kim be sing in the choir . a middle - age man , the choirmaster , be conduct the orchestra . suddenly , Kim fall down . at first , everybody around she carry on sing . as fear ripple through the choir , everyone gradually fall silent and the music stop . the choirmaster rush over to see what have happen . int . hospital - corridor - afternoon Anna be sit outside Bob 's room , cry . Matthew hug she . a nurse come out of the room , push a food trolley . int . hospital - patient 's room - afternoon Kim and Bob be lie in adjacent bed . Steven be feed Kim piece of fruit . Kim spit they out . Bob watch they , slowly open and close he eye . he look as if he have just wake up . they dinner plate lie untouched on trays . kim dad , I do not want any fruit . steven just one bite . for I . Kim choke and she face flush . she spit out the piece of apple that Steven have feed she . int . hospital - patient 's room - evening a nurse insert nasogastric feed tube into the nose of both child . Kim have calm down , but look exhaust . kim I want to sleep . 65 55 . steven all right , darling . what be you go to wear to Claire 's party , do you decide yet ? kim no . I be tired , dad . switch off the light . Steven go to turn the light off . he spot a new mp3 player on the bedside table . steven where do you get this ? do mum give it to you ? kim no. Martin do . he make I a playlist with some song that he like . that we both like . steven when do he give you this ? kim I do not remember . good night , dad. steven good night . ext . road - night Steven sit in he car , think . he open the car door , get out , and walk quickly and angrily across the road . he be outside Martin 's house . he see a light on in the live room . the tv be blaring . Steven go up to the front door and ring the doorbell frantically . nobody answer . he bang on the door with he fist . steven open the door . I know you be in there . open the door or I will smash it down . Martin . open the door or I will smash it down and I will fuck you and you mother just the way you want . Steven try to break in through the balcony door , but do not succeed . steven ( cont 'd ) if anything happen to my kid or my wife , you will die in prison , do you hear I ? you will die in prison . 56 . ext . hospital ground - night Anna be sit on the step outside the hospital . Steven stand beside she . he appear rather sheepish and speak in a low voice . he avoid look Anna in the eye . anna how old be he father when he die ? steven 46 . anna have you be drink that day ? steven he have a arrhythmia , a stroke , and that be it . anna I ask whether you have be drink , not how he die . how long have this be go on ? how long have you be see this boy ? steven about six month . anna where be you meeting ? steven what do it matter ? anna where be you meeting he ? steven at a Burger King , then we would drive to the seaside . he 's get issue , serious psychological issue . he always do . I know he act weird sometimes , but now he 's lose it completely , he 's become dangerous . we have to take precaution . go to the police and take some precaution . anna you be not go to the police . you be not go to tell anyone . there 's no point . we ’1ll wait and see . have you be drink when you operate on he father ? 67 68 69 57 . steven only a little . that have nothing to do with the outcome . a surgeon never kill a patient . a anaesthetist can kill a patient , but a surgeon never can . for example , Matthew have make mistake that lead to the death of a patient , but I never have . Anna turn she head away . she do not say anything . steven ( cont 'd ) I think Bob be a little better today . he seem in a better mood and he be not so pale . Anna do not respond . anna why do not you tell I you be see he ? steven at first I do not see he that often , it be only recently that we start meeting more regularly . I be go to tell you at some point . I feel sorry for he . I give he some money . his mum be out of work . anna I be go upstairs . Anna get up and leave . Steven stand there for a while , alone with he thought . then he follow he wife into the hospital . int . steven 's house - bathroom - day Steven take a shower . int . steven' house - bedroom - day Steven sit on the edge of he bed , naked and numb . his gaze be vacant - he look completely blank . the room be relatively dark . the curtain be draw . Steven stand up and hurriedly get dress . ext . steven' house - front door - day Steven emerge from the front door of he house and find a envelope on the doormat , with he name write on it . he open the envelope . 70 58. Inside be the watch he have give Martin , with a note . one of the watch strap be miss . snapped off . Steven look inside the envelope for the miss piece of leather , but it be not there . the note , write in very neat handwrite , read : '' time show no mercy . by the way , you be right . Metal strap be better . leather strap break . '' int . hospital - patient 's room - day Anna be sit next to Bob 's bed . Kim be lie on she back on the other bed . she be play a game on she mobile phone . her leg be cover from the knee up with a sheet . her toe be point . exhausted , Anna rest she head on the metal bed frame . she stroke Bob 's leg . bob when be we go home ? anna tomorrow or the day after . we ’1ll get all we test do and when the doctor say so , we can go home . bob but you be doctor too . tell they we can go home . anna we will tell they , darling . Kim interrupt the conversation . kim mum , do Martin come by while I be sleep ? Anna stand up and look at she daughter . anna no . kim can you turn I onto my side , please ? Anna go over , turn Kim onto she side and return to she chair . Kim have she back to she mother now . they can not make eye contact . kim ( cont 'd ) what time be it ? anna nine. 59 . kim be dad here ? anna no , he will be here soon . would you like I to fetch you some juice ? kim no . do not go anywhere . stay here . silence . Kim 's phone ring . she pick it up . kim ( cont 'd ) good morning . how be you ? be not you come by ? okay . just my mum , my father will be here soon . yes . you be here ? I can not . be you come up to see I ? ( Kim laugh ) you really think that 's possible ? well , let 's see . okay . okay . Kim 's toe uncurl . her leg slowly start to move . Kim pull herself up and sit on the bed . she then stand up and walk over to the window . kim ( cont 'd ) Martin ? yes , I stand up . yes , thank you . can you see I ? yes , I be at the window , I be stand at the window . can you see I ? Kim wave with she right hand . then she smoothes she hair down with both hand . kim ( cont 'd ) I can not see you , can you see I ? I be wave at you . can you see I wave ? great . yes . Anna get up and walk over to the window . bob mum , I want to stand up like Kim . why can she get up and I can not ? kim all right . I be go back to bed now . I be lie down now . okay . thank you . I too . next time you come , call I first so that I be not sleep . i’1l tell they . I too . bye . as Kim lie down , she leg seize up again and she toe curl back into the sole of she foot . Anna look out of the window . she scan the people in the street , but she cannot see Martin . Bob fall out of bed . 60 . bob mum , I be come over to the window . Anna rush over , pick Bob up , and put he back into bed . anna you will be able to soon , my darling . Kim be older than you , that 's why she can do it . soon you 'il be strong enough to stand up too . Anna turn to look at Kim , who have she back to they and she face press up against the window . anna ( cont 'd ) who be you talk to ? kim Martin . he send he regards . anna I do not want you talk with he ever again . kim why ? anna because I say so . Kim do not respond . anna ( cont 'd ) do you hear what I say ? kim ( under she breath ) fuck you . anna what do you say ? kim I do not say anything . anna yes you do . what do you say , Kim ? Anna grab she daughter with both hand and shake she hard . Kim cry out in pain . kim mum , let go , you be hurt I . I do not say anything . Anna let Kim fall abruptly back down on the bed . 71 61 . anna I be not like you father . you better watch you mouth . if that 's the way you want it , I be confiscate you phone right here and now . that 's 1ll teach you to be rude to you mother . kim give I my phone back . please . anna you can forget it . a long beat of silence . kim do not be scared , mum . do not get hysterical . it 's not that tragic . sometimes you body hurt from not move and you can not sleep , that 's all . the important thing be to make sure you have everything you need within reach . that 's all . you 'il see . you will not be able to move either , but you will get use to it . Anna stare at she speechless and she anger morph into fear . int . hospital - corridor - afternoon Anna be talk to Steven . she be upset . he hug she and try to calm she down . steven you be tired . go home and rest . I be here now . anna I be not tired . I be tell you the truth , I really see it happen . steven it be just a coincidence . anna how can it be a coincidence ? how come neither of they have be able to get up and walk until now ? steven darling , listen to yourself . anna I see it . 72 73 74 62. steven okay . it just mean thing be get better . that 's all it mean . that Kim be get better . go home and rest for a bit . please . anna they be not better . they be worse . steven this afternoon there 's 11 be a emergency meeting of the medical board . Andrew and I take the initiative of invite two outstanding specialist from the presbyterian University Hospital of Columbia . they have already arrive from New York and I be meeting they this afternoon to brief they about the case . one of they be actually a personal friend of the director . Dr. johnston . you must have hear of he . he 's the best there be when it come to paralytic disorder . anna yes . ext . anna 's car — afternoon Anna be drive . we can sense that contradict thought be go through she mind . ext . martin be house - afternoon Anna pull over outside Martin 's house . she look at the house , try to figure out whether anyone be home . she take a deep breath and get out of the car . she hesitates for a moment , look around , then carry on walk up to the front door of Martin 's house . ext . martin be house - afternoon Martin open the front door . he be home alone . he be wear a T-shirt and boxer short and hold a plate of spaghetti . his hair be wet and freshly comb . anna good evening . I be not sure if you remember I . martin of course I remember you . how be you ? come in . 63. anna thank you . 75 int . martin be house - live room - afternoon Anna sit on the sofa . Martin bring she a glass of iced water . anna thank you very much . I would like to have a talk with you . I will not take up much of you time . martin of course . I have only get ten minute because I have to get to my french class . what 's up ? anna my husband tell I about you and you father . Martin put he plate of spaghetti down on the table . he look at Anna and smile faintly . martin do he also tell you about my mum ? anna no. martin I be sorry , then maybe I be not the one you should hear it from . ever since you husband kill my father , he 's be flirt with my mother constantly . to be honest , she have feeling for he too . she really like you husband 's hand and the truth be he do have very beautiful hand . all doctor have nice , clean hand . you see , now that we only have each other , my mother and I be friend and we tell each other everything . so I tell she that I have no problem if she want to go ahead with it , and anyway , he seem like a nice guy . why would I stand in the way of she try to get she life back on track ? I mean , I will be go ina few year . i’1l get a job and I will be go . 76 64 . anna look , if my husband make a mistake , if out of negligence or I do not know what he somehow cause this tragic thing to happen , I do not understand why my child and I have to pay the price . Martin pick up he plate of spaghetti . martin not long after my dad die , someone tell I that I eat spaghetti in exactly the same way he do , tell I what a extraordinary impression this fact have make on he . '' look how the boy eat spaghetti , '' he say . '' exactly the same way he father do . he stick he fork in and twirl it around and around until the spaghetti be all twisted up and then he put it in he mouth . '' at the time , I think I be the only one who eat spaghetti like that . only my dad and I . I realise later , of course , that everyone eat spaghetti that way . they all stick they fork in and twirl it around . Martin stand up . martin ( cont 'd ) I be really upset when I realise that , maybe even more upset than when they announce to I that he be dead . I do not know if what be happen be fair , but it 's the close thing to justice I can think of . but enough chit chat , time 's get on and if I be late for class I be do for . you have a good day . int . hospital - meeting room - night the medical council be underway . Anna , Steven , Matthew , the Hospital director and Dr. Nichols be all present , as be the visiting consultant . Anna look defeat . she sit in a chair with she arm fold and watch the proceedings without say a word . we can not hear what be be say . we watch the scene unfold through a window . 77 78 65 . ext . hospital entrance - night the Hospital director be say goodbye to the visit consultant . Steven and Anna also say goodbye . the consultant get into a car and drive off . the Hospital director give Steven a hug and pat he on the back . hospital director so , I do not see any reason for the child to stay in hospital . steven you mean you think you have do everything you can ? hospital director yes , Steven , I believe we have do everything we can . steven sorry , but if I be run this hospital I would feel like a complete failure . a loser . I would not be able to sleep at night . the Hospital director look at Steven then walk away . hospital director good night , Anna . anna good night , ed. Anna look at she husband . anna ( cont 'd ) I suggest you sign the release form tomorrow and then they can go home . int . hospital - corridor - night Anna march angrily along the corridor . Steven follow , try to catch up . suddenly , Anna fall over . Steven panic . Anna get back up . anna I trip . it 's nothing . my shoelace be undone . I trip . she get up and carry on walk , leave Steven stand there . she be almost run . 79 66 . int . cafeteria —- morning Anna be sit at a table , wait . the cafeteria be almost empty . it do not seem like the kind of place where Anna would normally choose to go . she be well dress , but look drain . Matthew come over to the table . he kiss Anna on the cheek and sit opposite she . she waver for a moment before she start speak . matthew good evening , Anna . anna good evening , Matthew . sorry to bother you . matthew it 's no bother , really . anna as I say on the phone , I would rather Steven do not find out about we meeting like this . matthew he will not . I be listen . anna four year ago , you be operate as a team , be not you ? I mean four year ago , you be the anaesthetist on some of Steven 's operation ? matthew of course . anna be you the anaesthetist for Jonathan lang ? Matthew lean back in he chair and pretend rather unconvincingly that he be try to place the patient 's name . the waiter arrive with the coffee that Anna have order . they conversation be interrupt . matthew a gin and tonic , please . the waiter leave . matthew ( cont 'd ) who 's Jonathan lang ? anna male , 46 year old , one of Steven 's patient . he die on the operate table . 67 . matthew Anna , there have be so many patient over the year , so many operation . I do not remember he , I be afraid . I be sorry . anna can you find he file in the record and bring it to I , please ? I will give it straight back to you . I just want to have a look at he medical history . and the cause of death . matthew I do not think that will be possible . I be sorry , Anna . I can not just take a file from the hospital . why do you need it ? anna please . matthew look , I can not bring you the file but I can tell you a couple of thing about the case . I remember he now , I put he under . but what do I get in return ? anna what you do not get that day we come for lunch . matthew when ? anna now. have Steven be drink ? matthew yes . anna can it be consider he mistake ? matthew yes . it definitely be not mine , that 's for sure . you know a anaesthetist be never to blame for the bad outcome of a operation . the surgeon be responsible . he have have two drink that morning before we go in to prepare . luckily none of the other realise , I be the only one who know . but that be not exactly unusual back then . ( more ) 80 81 82 83 68. matthew ( cont 'd ) you know that . he be drunk during almost every operation . anna do you remember lang 's case history ? Matthew lean forward in he chair again and rest he arm on the table . ext . deserted road - morning Matthew 's car be park on a desert road on the edge of town . there be no pedestrian and very few car . Anna stare straight ahead as she jerk off the anaesthetist . he push he seat back to the recline position . as soon as he come , he pull the chair forward , start the engine , and they drive off . ext . steven 's house - front door - afternoon the front door be open . the child be be carry into the house with the help of two paramedics . Steven seem fairly optimistic as he manically rush about , supervise the procedure . int . kim ’'s bedroom - afternoon Kim 's bedroom have be rearrange to accommodate both the child 's bed . the room be bright , the curtain have be pull back to let in the sunlight . Anna change the feed solution in Bob and Kim 's levin tube . int . steven' house - kitchen - night Steven and Anna be have dinner . he be the only one eat . Anna toy with the wedge of potato on she plate with she fork . Steven watch she intently , try to get a reaction , but she remain stubbornly silent . Steven fill Anna 's glass with wine . she do not say thank you . steven this meat be delicious . his wife do not respond . steven ( cont 'd ) you be right after all . the child be much better off here . I be even think we might take they to the beach house for a few day . a little fresh air anda change of scenery might do we all good . 69 . Anna look up and stare at she husband , as if she be observe he for the first time . anna one of this day you be go to have to go in to they school and excuse they absence . they want you to sign some papers . they have call lot of time . steven I will . you know what I have be craving ? mashed potato . why do not you make some tomorrow ? anna you have get beautiful hand . I would never notice before . everyone 's be tell I lately what beautiful hand you have and now I can see it for myself . Nice and clean . but so what if they be beautiful ? they be lifeless . sometimes , Steven , you be just a incompetent man with hand that do not move who just go on and on , say stupid thing . '' let 's do a scan , let 's do a gastroscopy , let 's make mashed potato , let 's wear brown sock , let 's go to the beach house . '' steven Excuse I ? anna we two child be die in they bed but yes , I can make you mashed potato tomorrow . steven please do not talk to I that way . anna if you do not like it why do not you go and live with Martin 's mother , I bet she have talk to you nicer . Steven do not take the bait . steven you want the kid to come home and they be home . what else do you want I to do ? anna do something to put a end to all this , that 's what . ( more ) 84 70 . anna ( cont 'd ) that 's what I want . can you do that ? you do realise Steven that we have end up in this situation because of you ? steven so what do you suggest ? tell I . oh , wait , I know , I have get it . there be a way that we can put a stop to all this . all we need to do be find the tooth of a baby crocodile , the blood of a pigeon , and the pube of a virgin and then we just have to burn they all before sunset . let I see , do we have any spare tooth lie around ? Steven start open cupboard and fling packet of food onto the floor . steven ( cont 'd ) teeth , pube , nope , nothing in here , or here . nothing in this box either . where be they ? I be sure they be here somewhere . I put they here myself . who keep move thing around ? unbelievable . I do not suppose you have get any pube I could have , by any chance ? oh I forget , you do not have any leave . we do not have any of the thing we need . well , that 's a shame . I guess there 's nothing I can do . Steven stalk out of the room . int . steven' house - bedroom - night Steven be set the alarm clock . steven there 's no need for we to argue . everything 's so difficult already , there 's no point make it worse . Anna do not respond . she lie down on the bed without cover herself up and turn she back to Steven . steven ( cont 'd ) if he be tell the truth , would not you be sick too ? would not you be paralyse already ? how do you explain that ? 85 86 71 . anna yes , you be right . let 's wait a bit longer until we be all dead and then we 's all see what you can do about it . there 's really nothing to worry about . a short , awkward beat of silence . anna ( cont 'd ) go to the hospital tomorrow and pick up some feed formula for the child . we be almost out . steven okay . Steven turn to look at he wife . Anna turn out the light . Steven lie beside she in the darkness with he eye wide open . int . steven' house - live room - night Steven be stand in the middle of the room , smoking . he be alone . he sit in a armchair . after a few moment , he stand up again . take care not to make any noise , he pick up he car key and coat and quietly shut the door . int . steven' house - bedroom — morning Anna be lie in bed with she eye open . Steven enter the room . he stand beside she . he sit on the edge of the bed and take she hand . she do not react . steven good morning . anna good morning . steven do you get any sleep ? anna what time be it ? steven ten past eight . get up and come with I for a moment . Anna get up . 87 72 . int . steven' house - basement - morning Steven and Anna head down to the basement . Steven unlock the door . they enter a fairly large room full of random garden furniture . it be dark and dirty . the light go on - a small bulb that faintly illuminate the space - and we see Martin huddle in a corner . he be sit in a old armchair . his foot be bound together with gaffer tape and he be chain to a pipe in the corner of the room . his hand be tie in front of he . Martin 's face be bloody and swollen . there be a rifle on the table . Anna look at Martin and then walk over to the table . she turn to face Steven . Anna do not move . she look at Martin . Martin look up and hold she gaze . it 's hard to tell whether he be angry or afraid . he raise he hand and wipe some blood off the side of he mouth . steven you remember Martin , do not you ? he come over for a play date , but I tell he the kid be feel a little unwell , so he will just have to wait here until they get better . Anna , go upstairs and make I some of that lemonade he like so much , would you ? I will stay here and keep he company . off you go . Anna hesitates and then leave . she close the basement door behind she . we hear she footstep on the stair . martin let I go . my mother will be worried sick . steven do you think you mother be proud of you , Martin ? do you think she be happy that she beloved son be a murderer ? martin murderer . there 's no need for such a dramatic , sensational , old - fashioned word . but if you insist , the murderer , both in my father 's case and we current situation , be not I . steven stop talk . 88 73. martin do not you understand that you be waste time ? you do not have much time leave . steven I say stop talk . martin Steven , you will feel better once it 's do . you can start over , a clean slate , do not you get it ? sometimes I think you might just be a fool who can not understand the significance of the gift I be offer . sometimes I think you be naive . but you can not be . you be a good scientist , you can not be a idiot . if I have only just meet you I have seriously question the depth of you judgement . Steven strike the boy across the face . Martin grab he hand and hold it tight . martin ( cont 'd ) do not move . I just want to give you a example , that 's all . i’1l give you one little example so that you understand what I mean . Martin bite Steven 's arm . blood trickle down he hand . Steven scream . martin ( cont 'd ) should I apologise ? no. should I stroke you wound ? no way . that would probably hurt even more , touch a open wound . no . there 's only one way to make you and I both feel better . Martin bite he own arm and spit out a small piece of flesh . his face be contort with pain but he do not scream . he try to remain compose . martin ( cont 'd ) do you understand ? it 's metaphorical , my example . a metaphor . I mean , it 's symbolic . ext . steven' house - garden - morning Anna be scrubbing the blood from the back seat of Steven 's car . the dog watch she but she do not pay he any attention . we hear a muffle gunshot . the dog start to bark . 89 90 74 . int . steven' house - basement - morning Anna open the door . Steven have shot Martin in the leg . he be still hold the gun and point it at Martin . the boy writhes in agony . steven shut the door , Anna . now Martin , you will see what it 's like to die . what it 's like when you head crack open and you brain be blow out . anna Steven , do not shoot he . martin and then ? steven shut up . martin shoot I . then what ? answer I . steven I nil bury you in the garden and you will decompose . that 's what . martin you will not be able to explain it . you will not understand how it could have happen . you will say - '' but I only kill one person , how come four people be dead ? I only shot one . '' you will get confuse and you will start count again : one , two , three . but the number still will not add up . if you dig a hole in the garden , better make it a big one . Steven walk over to Martin and put the gun to he head . Anna walk up behind Steven and try to take the gun out of he hand . at first Steven do not let go , but Anna whisper something in he ear and he release the gun . Anna calmly take the gun and walk out of the room . int . steven 's house - kim' bedroom —- morning Bob be lie in bed . Kim be sit in a wheelchair , look out the window . she light a cigarette and smoke it . she cough a little . Bob wince in pain . 75 . kim do it hurt ? bob no. just a little . kim just be patient . dad 's bring we some painkiller . bob I know . kim he do not kill he . bob how do you know ? kim I just do . anyway , he do the right thing . otherwise it would have be like kill four people with a single shot . would not that be tragic ? I be go to live with Martin . a beat . kim ( cont 'd ) I want you to know that I be really sorry , Bob . I really love you . we all do . dad do too . but he 's ina really difficult position and he do not have much of a choice . it 's not because he do not love you . bob they have buy I a piano . mum tell I it will be here next month . they do not tell you so you would not get scared . kim Bob , something terrible happen yesterday . I lose the mp3 player that Martin give I . I do not know what 's get into I , I have lose two mp3 player in ten day . so I would like to ask you a favour . can I have you mp3 player when you be dead ? please . please . please . 91 int . steven' house - kim 's bedroom - morning Bob drag himself over to the desk . he struggle to open the drawer and take out a pair of scissors . 92 76 . int . steven' house - kitchen —- morning Steven give the dog some food and water and watch he eat . he notice some blood on he hand and go over to the sink to rinse they . Bob enter the room . he drag himself along the floor . he have cut he own hair . his face and hand be cover in hair . a levin tube be insert into he nose and he be hold a bag of feed solution . the dog start to bark as soon as he see Bob . Bob look , dad . I cut my hair like you want I to . steven good boy , well do . bob I be sorry I do not listen to you and get a haircut right away . I do not know what I be think all this time . I would get so hot and I have to comb it all the time . it be a total hassle . I should have listen to you and cut it off sooner . Bob drag himself over to the french window and try to open the door . bob ( cont 'd ) do you want I to water the plant ? Steven go to he and hug he . steven no , darling . I water they this morning . tomorrow . bob dad , I have be think about it and I have decide I want to be a cardiologist , not a ophthalmologist . I lie to mum because I do not want she to get upset . I think I prefer what you do , it 's far more interesting and challenging . steven that 's true , Bob . but some people find ophthalmology more interesting . bob no . not to I it be not . 93 94 95 96 77 . int . - steven' house - kim 's bedroom - evening Steven lay he son in he bed . he tuck he in and stroke he hair . ext . steven 's house - garden - night Steven be huddle behind some flower . he be sobbing . eventually , he pull himself together , wipe he eye , and walk towards the house . he close the french window and switch off the live room light . int . school - corridor - morning Steven be wait outside the headmaster 's office . the headmaster ’'s secretary usher he inside . Steven get up and enter the office . int . school - headmaster 's office - morning Steven be sit in a chair , signing some papers . he give they to the headmaster . headmaster sorry for the trouble , drag you down here . it 's all just a formality , but it have to be do . steven that 's quite all right . I understand . headmaster all the staff and I personally hope that all this be only temporary and that the child will soon be back at school in good health . steven thank you very much . they be already much better now that they be back home . they be have daily physio , we go for walk together every day , they walk slowly of course but they be walk , and they have already start eat properly . however , I must inform you that they will need to be off school for a little while longer . headmaster whatever you think be best . if you feel they be not in a position to attend class yet , very well . ( more ) 78 . headmaster ( cont 'd ) however , do bear in mind that in case like this it 's generally best for child not to disrupt they daily routine for too long . attend even some of they class might do they good . of course , it 's ultimately you decision . all I can do be share my thought with you . steven thank you very much . but as you know both my wife and I be doctor , and we be quite able to judge when we child be ready to return to school . headmaster of course . I hope everything work out well . steven I be very optimistic . everything will be fine . headmaster that 's the spirit . Steven get up to go . steven generally speak , if you have to compare the two child for some reason , which of the two would you consider the better student ? headmaster well . the boy be very good at math and physics . Kim on the other hand , apart from she natural aptitude for music , be pretty good at literature and history , area in which Bob lag behind . she write a brilliant essay on the tragedy of iphigenia which she read out in class . at . steven what about they behaviour in class ? headmaster they be both a little restless , equally so . I mean I have have the occasional complaint from they teacher about some minor misdemeanor , but they have never be rude to any of the staff . ( more ) 97 79 . headmaster ( cont 'd ) in any case , if they have ever act in a inappropriate way we would have inform you about it . steven do you especially like one of they more than the other ? if you have to choose between they , which would you say be the best ? headmaster that 's a difficult question . I be not sure I can give you a answer . the headmaster consider he response for a long time . he do not know what to say . Steven have put he in a extremely uncomfortable position . Steven stare at the headmaster intently , as if he response have enormous significance . headmaster ( cont ’d ) I do not know . he think about it some more . headmaster ( cont ’d ) I do not know what to tell you . steven never mind . have a good day . headmaster Goodbye . Steven leave the headmaster 's office . int . steven' house - basement - morning Anna unlock the door and enter the room , hold Bob in she arm . Kim drag herself along beside they . Anna have bring some gauze and disinfectant to change the wound dress on Martin 's leg . she wash off the dry blood , then kiss both he bare foot . Martin just look at she . the child watch the procedure from a distance . martin thank you for bring they down . I really want to see they . I really want to see you . hi Kim . hi Bob . come over here and let I give you a kiss . Kim hobble over to Martin . he kiss she on the lip . Bob do not move . martin ( cont 'd ) Bob , be not you go to come over and give I a kiss ? no ? 98 99 80 . anna Bob ? Bob struggle towards the door . martin it do not matter , I understand . you be a man , you be the man of the house now that you father be not home . now go back to bed . do not trouble yourselves any more for my sake . take they away . Anna carry the child out . she leave the door open . martin ( cont 'd ) Anna . if you be go to do something , you need to do it fast . the boy be about to die . int . steven' house - bedroom - night Anna emerge from the bathroom , wear she bathrobe . she lie on the bed next to Steven , revealing part of she naked body . she kiss Steven 's hand . anna you do have beautiful hand . Steven do not react . anna ( cont 'd ) Steven , please do not kill I . deep down I know you will not do that because you love I , but I be say this now because you be upset and might make the wrong decision . if you have to kill someone , the logical thing , no matter how harsh this may sound , be to kill a child . because we can have another child . I still can and so can you . and if you can not , we can try ivf . but I be sure we can . Steven say nothing . he switch off the bedside lamp . steven go to sleep . int . steven 's house - basement - night Martin be lie in a corner of the basement . the key turn in the lock . the door open and Kim drag herself into the room on all four . 100 101 102 81 . kim they be all asleep . we can go now and nobody will notice . all you have to do be help I walk again . my leg hurt after all this time and I feel weak . but it 's okay , it do not matter . I know at some point this would all be over and you would come . Martin look at Kim , but do not say anything . kim ( cont 'd ) I think we could take you friend 's motorbike and go away together . but you have to make I well first . okay ? i’1l untie you if you promise I will get better and we can run away . okay ? Martin continue to stare at she in silence . Kim try to stand up , but can not . kim ( cont 'd ) it 's not work . I still can not walk . you have to try harder . Martin turn he gaze away from Kim . kim ( cont 'd ) Martin , I be talk to you . be you deaf ? I be tell you , you have to try harder . Kim grab at whatever be in reach and start throw random object at Martin . int . steven' house - bedroom - night the noise wake Steven up . he turn on the light and get out of bed . he rush out of the bedroom . int . steven 's house - kim 's bedroom - night Steven come in to check on Kim . her bed be empty . she have remove she feed tube . her mobile phone be on the desk . Bob be asleep in the other bed . int . steven' house - night Steven and Anna search for Kim all over the house , both indoors and outdoors . 103 104 105 82. int . steven' house - basement - night Steven notice the basement door be open . he go into the basement and look around . he go over to Martin and hit he . steven where be she ? martin she 's go . steven where be she ? what do you do to she ? martin I do not touch she . I do not know where she be . Steven run out of the room . ext . road - night Anna be drive very slowly along the road . Steven walk in front of the car . the high beam headlight illuminate the road . they scan the street for any sign of Kim . Steven be anxious , out of breath . he glisten with sweat . they find Kim drag herself along the pavement . she try to cross the road . her hand and knee be cover with blood . int . steven' house - live room - night Steven be treat he daughter 's wound . he put disinfectant on she cut . he sew up a gash on she knee . Anna , stand beside he , pass Steven the medical instrument . kim I be sorry for what I do tonight . I do not know what come over I , I do not know what I be think . I be only think about myself , noone else . that be wrong of I . I be frighten . terrify . I should not have be . let I be the one who atone for you sin , dad . kill I right here , in front of you eye so you can be sure that I die , in case some fate spare I at the last moment . kill I right here in front of you and give I the ultimate joy of save my own mother and my beloved brother from certain death . ( more ) 83. kim ( cont 'd ) a joy that may take the form of death but have none of death 's bitterness , of its chill or darkness . please dad , take this scissors and do I the honour . mum , tell he . dad , please . I would do anything for you , I would even die for you . and I be ready to prove it . you give I life and you , only you have the right to take my life away . that make perfect sense . you be my lord , my master and I be just someone who life to obey you wish . I love you so much , do not forget that . remember that when I be in my grave , unable to tell you that I love you . I love you more than anything in the world , you and my brother . Steven finish dress he daughter 's wound . he kiss she almost on the mouth and caress she . Anna leave the room , take the bloody gauze and cotton wool with she . 106 int . steven' house - kitchen —- morning Anna be sit in a chair . in front of she be a glass of water . she take a sip and then put the glass back on the table . classical music play from a radio on the kitchen counter . Steven walk into the room . anna where have you be ? steven I go to the hospital . I get the feed formula . have you check on he ? do you give he the sedative ? anna I let he go . steven what be you talk about ? anna he 's not downstairs . I let he go . steven why would you do that ? he hit Anna around the head . steven ( cont 'd ) why do you let he go ? tell I . be you a complete idiot ? 107 84 . Anna walk away . the dog follow she . she stop and turn to face Steven . anna it would not have make any difference , Steven . it be not go to solve anything . we both know that . int . steven' house - child 's bedroom - night Anna sit on the edge of Bob 's bed . she have a washbowl next to she and clean Bob 's limb with a cloth . she have she back to Kim , who be sit on she wheelchair beside the bed . Kim be hold she drip . she start recite the phrase that she mother have teach she to say when she answer the phone at the clinic . kim please describe you symptom . I see . would you be so kind as to hold the line while I check the doctor 's availability ? yes , sorry to keep you wait . the earliest the doctor can see you be next Thursday . be morning or evening more convenient for you ? morning be better , I see . next Thursday at eleven then . we will be expect you . good day . ( pause ) . Anna Murphy Eye Clinic , how may I help you ? anna Kim , I be try to rest . can you please be quiet ? kim mum , do you remember when I be rude to you at the hospital that day ? anna yes . kim do you tell dad about it ? anna of course I tell he , Kim . kim I do not mean it , mum . maybe it be a side effect of the drug or something . anna Kim , please . I be try to rest . 108 109 85 . kim do you leg hurt ? do they feel numb ? do you back hurt ? have it start ? Anna get up and slap Kim . she wheel she out of the bedroom and close the door . int . steven' house - bedroom — morning Anna be asleep . Steven be sit on the edge of the bed . he stare at the wardrobe for a long time . then he get up and go over to he wife . he stand over she . he look at she . his gaze be fix on she . wonder whether he should kill she or not , whether she should give she life to save the child or not . he take a step backwards . he look at she for a few more moment . int . steven 's house - child 's bedroom - afternoon Bob be listen to music on he mp3 player . his eye start to bleed . blood trickle down onto the pillow . Bob wipe the blood from he face . we hear he sister 's voice , but we can not see she . kim dad , quick ! Bob 's die . int . steven 's house - child 's bedroom - afternoon Bob be lie on he bed . Steven wipe the blood from he face and remove the blood-stain pillow case . bob dad , who 's you best friend ? steven I do not know , bob. bob be it Matthew ? steven yes , Matthew be a very good friend of mine . bob I have three . two boy and a girl from my class . steven that 's great , Bob . it 's good to have lot of friend . 86 . bob I think mum consider Matthew a very good friend too . steven yes , that 's right . bob he use to call mum a lot . once he call the house and I pick up and he say : '' I would like to speak to Anna , please . '' I recognise he voice , but I do not say : '' hi , Matthew '' . I just say : '' she 's not here right now , can I take a message ? '' he come over to the house one time too when you and Kim be out , so I guess you would not remember . int . steven' house - kim 's bedroom - night Steven undress Kim . he then dress she up in the outfit she have choose to wear to Claire 's party . lying in bed , unable to help with this awkward procedure , Kim avoid she father 's gaze . Bob be already dress up . he sit in he wheelchair , watch they . int . steven' house - bedroom - night Steven enter the bedroom . Anna be frantically make they bed . she do not seem to notice he . Steven approach Anna and stand in front of she . she stop startle . steven Bob be bleed . come to the live room . anna now ? steven yes . now . anna Steven ? steven yes ? anna where be the child ? steven they be already there . 114 87 . anna I think I 'il wear that black dress you like . steven wear whatever you like . just hurry . Steven leave the room . int . steven' house - live room - night Kim be sit in a chair in a corner of the room . Anna be stand by the wall , near the french window . Bob be on the sofa . he can barely sit up . they all look terrify . they foot be tie with rope and they mouth be tape . Steven be stand in the middle of the room . he look at each of they in turn . they form a triangle around he . he put on a black balaclava that cover he entire face , so that he can not see anything . he raise the rifle . Steven start spin round on the spot . he fire a shot . he stop . silence . the other three be try to not make a sound . they struggle to stifle they instinctive reaction . he have not hit anyone . the bullet have lodge itself ina cabinet full of crystal tableware . Steven start spin around again . he fire another shot . Anna scream . Steven pull off the balaclava . he see Bob , hit in the chest . motionless . blood be splatter across the couch . Kim stare , freeze . Steven put down he rifle . int . burger king - day Steven be sit in a Burger King with Anna and Kim . Martin walk in , limping from the bullet wound . he stare at they as he walk past and sit at a table nearby . Steven and Anna watch Martin out of the corner of they eye . they both look haggard . Kim put ketchup on she chip and start wolfing they down . she look healthy . her parent watch she eat . when Kim have finish eat she chip , they put on they jacket and go to leave . Kim stand up , take a quick look at Martin and then follow she parent . she be walk normally . the end