the disaster artist written by Scott neustadter & Michael H. weber base on the book by greg sestero and Tom bissell " no refunds . " - sign outside the laemmle fairfax , June 27th , 2003 , open weekend of the room . ii . kristen bell speak directly into the camera . kristen bell you can not begin to describe it . it 's so ... it 's ... adam scott speak directly into the camera . adam scott I mean ... kevin smith like nothing you have ever see . lizzy caplan totally , impossibly terrible . ike barinholtz what the fuuuuuck ? j.j. abram just cur cur cur cur cur to say it 's a '' bad '' movie be offensive to other bad movie . CUT adam scott the act , the script , the green screen ... CUT kristen bell the sex scene be particularly upsetting . CUT kevin smith the thing ... anyone can make a bad movie . this be something else , something .. extraordinary . CUT j.j. abram it 's more than a movie . it 's a experience , a triumph ... cur to : to : to : to : to : to : to : to : to : to : the disaster artist - 2 lizzy caplan at least 50 time . maybe more . CUT to : adam scott if I have a time machine , I would love to go back and figure out , like , what the hell be happen on that set ? you know ... and we CUT to : title : '' the disaster artist '' int jean shelton 's acting studio two actor be perform a scene on a small stage . one of they be greg sestero ( 19 , blonde , California surfer dude handsome ) . supe . San Francisco , July 1998 male acting student '' unless godot come . '' greg '' and if he come ? '' male acting student '' we will be save . '' greg slowly take off he hat . look at it . he 's '' acting '' but not very confidently . greg '' well . shall we go ? '' greg 's performance be painfully flat . you have never see a more self - conscious actor . male acting student '' pull on you trousers . '' greg '' what ? '' male acting student '' pull on you trousers . '' greg '' you want I to pull off my trousers ? '' a voice from the beyond call : jean shelton ( 0.s. ) stop ! stop! Jesus . that be ... the disaster artist - 3 the voice belong to legendary act teacher jean shelton ( 60 , small in stature , huge in every other way ) in the front row of the act school . jean shelton painfully unremarkable . we see greg visibly deflate . this hurt . jean shelton Rob , you breath control be all over the place . and greg ... greg wait for it . jean shelton so scared and insecure . like a wounded puppy - greg sigh . know she 's right . jean shelter do you even want to be a actor ? greg more than anything . Jean just sigh , shake she head . greg and he scene partner take they seat , Jean turn to the rest of the class ... jean shelton who else ? who can show I they want this ? anyone ? no taker . the room too afraid of she wrath at the moment . and then : voice from the back I go . the whole room turn to the voice . it belong to a long -haire , muscle - tone , serious look man with a slight hunch and a crease face . he wear black pants , a gaudy belt , dark sunglass - equal part '' Jack sparrow '' and '' 1980 Van damme villain . '' for the first time , greg be lay eye on the man who will change he life forever . this be tommy wiseau . everyone watch as Tommy saunter slowly up to the stage . focus , intense , he turn a chair around and straddle it , get into character . jean shelton and what be it you have for we Thomas ? the disaster artist - 4 he look up from the chair , push he dyed black lock from he face . tommy it be Tommy . not Thomas . ( beat , serious ) never Thomas . shelton roll she eye . whatever . she sit . jean shelton when you be ready ... greg , too , sit back , intrigue , as if know he 's about to witness something unforgettable . the man call Tommy look up at the ceiling , channele , well , something . after a few beat , he begin . tommy stella ... stella ...? Tommy 's accent be every bit as unusual as he fashion sense . french , german , Eastern european - impossible to tell . Tommy say '' stella '' a few more time . then he stand . start wander the stage like a lose kitten . tommy ( louder ) stella ! maybe Tommy have not read the rest of the play . or maybe he do not speak English . anything be possible right now . greg see some of he fellow student look at one another , try to make sense of what they be see . Tommy do not seem to notice or care . tommy stelllllaaaa !!iillliit Tommy shout it at the crowd . then he shout it at the floor . that he shout it at the chair . he kick the chair , cause even Jean ( who 's see everything ) to jump in she seat . everyone be aghast . and finally , at long last , he collapse , cover he face with he hand . he start to rock back and forth , as if experience a epileptic fit . greg be amaze . the ball on this guy . tommy ( one last shriek ) stella ! !!! ( and then , quietly ) do not ever leave I baby . he lay on the ground another long beat . then it 's over . the disaster artist - 5 Tommy stand , run he finger through he hair , wait for Jean shelton 's response . ( everyone be wait for Jean shelton 's response . ) jean shelton where to begin ... someone in the crowd laugh , nervously . Jean put she hand up to silence that person . jean shelton I all ask you this , Tommy . what be it you be try to accomplish with that ? Tommy do not understand the question . tommy I be perform the Tennessee Williams . jean shelton yes but ... what be you objective ? what do stanley want ? tommy he be ... hysterical . jean shelton no , see , that be not a objective . objective mean pursuit . you be pursue someone , try to reach they . you be not scream because you be sick or in pain - tommy forgive I , but you be wrong . and that take the whole room by surprise . Jean 's eye go wide . no one have ever speak to she in this way . she can not believe it . in fact , no one can believe it . tommy see , I know this stanley . ( reset the chair ) I show you again -- Jean raise she hand . jean shelton I have see enough , thank you . Tommy shrug , walk back to he seat . to Jean , as he pass : tommy you do not know the stanley . the disaster artist - 6 Jean do not know what to make of this person . Tommy keep walk , pass greg as he do . greg look up at he - awed . how can anyone have that confidence ? and we CUT to : ext jean shelton 's acting studio - moment later Tommy beat a hasty retreat . greg race up to he . greg Excuse I . Tommy keep walk . greg hey man . it 's only this second attempt that Tommy realize someone be talk to he . greg my name 's greg. greg sestero . Tommy look greg up and down . who be this guy ? greg would you want to do a scene together ? and on Tommy 's face , CUT to : ext greg 's san francisco home - day greg be have a football catch with a neighbor kid when a white mercede , its window tinted , pull up . the window come down . sure enough : tommy get in . Tommy be dress in a elegant white shirt and tight black skinny jeans . greg oh . I think we be -- tommy I have to eat now . I get cranky little bit when I do not eat . greg hesitates . this be already super weird . Tommy misread . tommy do not worry , I pay . the disaster artist - 7 greg think about it . shrug . why not ? hop in the front . he look at the car 's interior . brand new , all the amenity . he be not expect this . greg Nice car . Tommy turn to he , intense . tommy do not talk about I . greg what ? tommy what I drive . where I go . you understand , yes ? greg do not . at all . but he do not say so . he see a toy robot crab wiggling on the dashboard . tommy and do not look at robot crab . he 's shy . and with that , the car pull out and off they go . CUT to : int little toni 's - later pack at lunchtime . Tommy and greg in a booth . Tommy still have he sunglass on . he flag a person walk by ( who definitely be not a waiter ) . tommy I need to order . confuse person I do not work here . guy walk on . soon enough the waiter appear . before he can even speak : tommy pesto pasta , minestrone soup , and a cup of hot water . waiter sorry , do you say '' hot water ? '' tommy why you give I hard time ? hot water , yes . and more bread with raisin stuff . the waiter look at greg , wonder if he 's equally as odd . greg just ... coffee for I , thanks . the disaster artist - 8 the waiter leave . tommy why you ask I here ? greg what ? tommy scene partner . you make joke ? greg no. I ... greg try to think of the right thing to say . greg look , the thing be ... when I get up there , in front of people , all I can think about be , '' what if they laugh at I , what if I embarrass myself . '' I be not in the moment . but you ... I mean , shit man , you be amazing ! Tommy sit back , listen . greg I figure I could learn a thing or two , that 's all . Tommy consider this . for a moment , we be not sure if he busy it . then he take out 2 copy of '' the lightn Rod man '' by melville . tommy let 's do scene . greg you mean here ? greg be obviously intimidate by the crowd . not Tommy . tommy so what ? yes . greg there 's like ... people try to eat -- tommy be you not dedicated actor ? to be dedicated , you have to rehearse . greg look around at all the crowded diner . tommy I will play '' the lightn Rod man . '' you play ... this other man . with a Z . greg Zechariah . ok. the disaster artist - 9 tommy ok. ( beat , read ) '' good day , sir . '' greg ( quiet , embarrassed ) '' good day . '' tommy louder . greg what ? tommy louder . really project yourself . '' good day , sir ! '' this draw the attention of some patron . greg turn to they , self - conscious . tommy forget they . there be only you and there be only I . '' I say , good day sir ! '' greg be a little hesitant but he take a deep breath . and he go for it . greg ( read ) '' have I , sir , the honor of a visit from that illustrious god , Jupiter tonan ? '' greg look up . what the fuck be this play ? tommy that 's good , keep go ... greg ( get more into it ) '' so stand he in the Greek statue of old , grasp the lightning - bolt . '' Tommy nod , encourage . greg '' if you be he , or he viceroy , I have to thank you - for this noble storm ... '' hey , it 's actually work for greg . and we CUT to : ext little toni 's - later greg and Tommy emerge . greg feel great ! the disaster artist - 10 greg it 's like brando say . '' you have to feel every performance right in you bone . that 's how you know it 's right . '' tommy bridgitte brando ? greg no. marlon brando . ( Tommy have no idea ) the godfather ? on the waterfront ? nothing . greg he do that '' stella '' speech in the '' streetcar '' movie . tommy ah yes . I like this guy . greg look at Tommy askew . then he smile . greg oh man , I be gonna show you some thing that will blow you mind ! Tommy nod . a nice beat . greg assume the day be do . greg so I will see you in class ? tommy you bring football , no ? let 's play . greg in that ? Tommy smile wide and run into the park . greg shake he head . nothing to do but follow . CUT to : ext polo field at golden gate park - later greg throw Tommy the ball . he bobble and drop it . tommy my God , sun shine like hell today . this park be no place for vampire . greg ( weird out ) what ? tommy ( change the subject ) you ever be to Los Angeles ? the disaster artist - 11 Tommy pick up the ball and throw it back to greg - a wobbly sideways pass that never come close to reach he . greg once . when I be little . universal studios . graumin 's chinese . sunset boulevard . ( beat ) best two day of my life . tommy in Los Angeles , everyone want to be star . all this pretty boy wait for they chance ... greg throw the ball back . again Tommy drop it . greg just have to get lucky , I guess . and that anger Tommy . tommy no ! he get in he face . greg have no idea what 's happen . tommy you have to be the best . greg nod , ok . and then Tommy drop kick the football , send it fly over greg 's head . tommy touchdown ! greg laugh . Tommy do too . enjoy themselves . CUT to : int third floor hallway - guerrero STREET condo - same they approach the entrance to Tommy 's condo . Tommy take out a key ring with at least fifty key on it . as he 's about to open the door , he stop . tommy I must ask you again . please do not talk about I . not to class . not to anyone . greg nod . after a stern beat , Tommy accept this . open the door . greg follow he inside , no idea what to expect . the disaster artist - 12 int tommy 's condo - guerrero STREET - same and it 's weird . paper strewn everywhere , box spilling over with cassette tape ( each one label with a different date ) , videotape , office equipment , a blue unicorn statue in the corner next to a random shopping cart fill with empty plastic bag . tommy the may 's on vacation . greg cool , cool ... that explain it . Tommy walk into another room , leave greg to continue explore . on one wall be several frame portrait of tommy , on another be the american flag . in fact , there be american flag all over . greg so where you from , Tommy ? tommy ( 0.s. ) New Orleans . greg originally ? no response . greg keep explore : on one shelf be hand - craft sculpture of disney character , a skeletor mask , and a vase of dead rose . on another , book about act and film . greg see a frame poem , perhaps Tommy 's favorite , call '' I do not choose to be a common man . '' greg see a bunch of shopping bag scattered around the room , all with a particular amateurish label on it . '' Street fashion USA . '' Tommy re-enter with two glass of water . greg '' Street fashion USA ? '' tommy I do marketing , you know , retail stuff . ( off greg 's surprise ) I be man of many skill . greg be impressed . and now greg 's eye fall ona photograph of a much young Tommy stand in front of the eiffel Tower . it look to be take in the 1960s . greg when be this take ? tommy few year back . the disaster artist - 13 greg wow , you look so young in it . tommy I be not so old now , you know . greg how old be you ? tommy do not be smart guy ok ? a beat . greg quickly change the subject . greg so ... how have you get into act ? tommy it 's always be dream . Long time . but I ignore it . and then , one day , I have accident . guy run red light and smash ! very bad . like wake up call you could say . so I stop the other thing , go back to my dream . greg nod , understanding . greg for I , everything change with '' Home alone . '' tommy '' Home alone ? '' what be that ? Movie ? greg yeah , it 's ... '' Home alone ? '' Tommy have apparently never hear of it . greg anyway , it speak to I , man . that movie change my life . ever since then , I ... tommy you want to be star . greg I just want to be in movie . it 's what I be bear to do . tommy I understand . ( beat ) it 's you dream ... greg nod . finally someone who understand he . one day with Tommy and he can feel he confidence grow . CUT to : the disaster artist - 14 a movie scene from '' rebel without a cause . '' jame dean as Jim Stark . he 's in the hold cell at the precinct and he parent have come to bail he out . jim backus '' do not I buy you every thing you want ? '' jame dean '' oh you buy I many thing ... '' jim backus '' we give you love and affection do not we ? then what be it ?! '' reveal we be : int tommy 's apartment — another night greg be show Tommy '' rebel without a Cause . '' Tommy watch with rapt attention . back on tv screen , Dean 's Parents continue to argue with one another , until finally , Dean just can not take it any more : jame dean ( shouting ) '' you're tearing I apart ! '' Tommy slap greg on the arm - you see that ?! greg smile . Tommy , enrapture , lean forward in he chair , study every inflection and mannerism of Dean 's performance . his idol . int little toni 's - later that night Tommy and greg be buzzing from the brilliance of the film . tommy he be emotion ! moment to moment . not plastic . greg I think you would like that . tommy the way he speak . style . he have that signature thing . greg yeah it 's call be James Dean . tommy you can be like Dean . the disaster artist - 15 greg I ? tommy my God you be behind the schedule ! listen to I , young man ... you have the gift , you have the look . now you watch the Dean . very close . and you learn . greg take that in . greg you really believe that ? tommy I believe in you . greg be amaze at this . Tommy see greg as he want to be see . as no one else see he . it 's a powerful thing . greg I believe in you too , Tommy . if I can have a career in this business , so can you -- tommy I do not want career . greg oh. I think -- tommy I want my own planet . greg '' you own planet ? '' tommy call it Tommy 's planet . Big light , big store , big event ... spectacular . again , greg want to laugh at this but he can not . Tommy 's enthusiasm - he unbridle confidence - be overpower . tommy and you can live there too if you want . I let you stay for a while . greg thanks . greg laugh at this . Tommy smile . hold greg 's gaze a beat . tommy here . I have present . Tommy take something out of he pocket . it 's a pen with the Street fashion USA label . Tommy hand it to greg with great drama and meaning . the disaster artist - 16 greg take it . he look at the other side of the label and on it be the picture of a orb . written beneath the orb , '' Tommy 's Planet . '' on greg 's bewilder face , CUT to : ext diner - later greg and Tommy exit , back to talk about Dean and the film . greg -.. three movie and just like that he 's dead . what a tragedy . Tommy nod in agreement . greg you know he die in cholame , south of here . ( beat ) I want to go one day . to the crash site . pay my respects -- tommy so let 's do it . greg what , now ? it 's like 300 mile away ... Tommy throw he he key . tommy you drive . and just like that , greg and Tommy be take a road trip . int tommy' car - later greg drive . he 's mid-story ... greg -.. we have this talent show in middle school and I be gonna sing it . tommy in front of everyone ? greg the whole school - parent , teacher , everybody . I be so excited . learned all the word , practice day and night -- tommy so you could win the contest ? the disaster artist - 17 greg no . I be just excited to do it . my first chance to perform in front of a audience , you know . it be a pretty big deal . tommy yeah , yeah , I get the picture ... greg so the day before the show I be in my room , I take a break from sing to go down , get some orange juice . and as I be walk down I hear my parent . they must have think I be still upstairs ... greg recall the painful memory . Tommy see he face change . tommy what do they say ? greg my dad be all , '' who tell that kid he could sing ? he sound terrible . he 's gonna embarrass we in front of we friend . '' Tommy absorb that . wow . greg and my Mom , who usually stick up for I ... ( shake he head ) all she could say be '' when he realize he 's terrible ... maybe then he ’1ll grow out of this shit . '' greg stare straight ahead , remember . it hurt he still . greg next morning , they wake I up . ( beat ) I fake a stomach flu . stay home for the day . tommy you miss the whole show ? greg keep drive . greg to this day I have never have the gut to sing in public ... a long beat of silence . greg continue to drive . eventually : the disaster artist - 18 tommy my god , greg , what a story . they drive in silence a few beat . and then : tommy '' aruba . Jamaica . ooh I wanna take ya . '' Tommy gesture it 's greg 's turn . greg laugh . but then see Tommy be dead serious . greg no . tommy '' bermuda . bahama . come on pretty mama ... '' a beat . Tommy look at greg . wo not take no for a answer . greg roll he eye . tommy '' Key largo . montego ... '' until finally greg , with a smile , join in . tommy / greg '' baaaay be why do not we go down to kokomo . greg appreciate what Tommy want to do for he . tommy / greg '' we will take it fast and then we will take it slow ... '' Tommy stop sing to allow greg to finish alone . greg '' that 's where we wanna go ... '' tommy / greg '' Way down in kokomo ! '' and on the two of they belting it out unabash , CUT to : ext highway 46 - later somber . the car be park by the side of the road . its headlight on , illuminate the spot where James Dean die . tommy I will miss he . very much . greg nod . in the moment . the disaster artist - 19 greg his whole life he hear '' you be not good enough , you will never make it - but he do not listen . tommy and he show they all ... greg nod . tommy that will be we , greg . greg laugh . then see Tommy be serious . tommy we will show they all . you 'il see . he become serious too . tommy gimme you pinky . greg what ? tommy pinky swear ... Tommy hold out he pinky . tommy right here , right now . we make a pact . to push each other . believe in each other . to never lose sight of we dream . greg nod , he 's fire up . he lock he pinky with Tommy 's . it 's a deal . CUT to : int tommy 's car - later later . drive back , still awash in the euphoria of they pact . tommy we should move to LA . greg yeah right . tommy why not ? greg ( shoot he a look ) Tommy , I can not just go to LA . tommy sure you can . why can not you ? the disaster artist - 20 greg for one thing , I can not afford it . tommy this not a problem . we stay at my place . greg wait , you have a place in LA ? tommy I have apartment that I rarely use . we can go there together . ( beat ) roommate . hahaha . greg can not believe it . greg be you be serious right now ? tommy hey it 's up to you . I do not force you . greg be speechless . but very intrigue . tommy you ever have roommate before ? ( he shake he head ) you will love it . roommate the best . greg be deep in think but he can not help but smile , he dream in reach . Tommy see it . tommy I see you smile babyface . this could be great , no ? the start of something very special . and we hear : mrs . sestero ( overlap ) are_you_ out of you mind ?! int sestero house - day greg be lug suitcase towards the front door . his mom ( 5as , french , overworked ) be not help . mrs . sestero you can not just pack up and move to LA . it 's absurd . what be you gonna do for money ? greg I have money save from the modeling job . the disaster artist - 21 mrs . sestero that money will last you two week . then what ? greg I all ... get a job or ... I do not know , I will figure it out ! mrs . sestero and this '' Tommy '' person ... you barely know this man and you be move in together . greg we be not move in together . mrs . sestero what do he want with you , hmm ? nothing in life be for free greg . greg it 's ... I be just gonna stay at he place for a while ... she shake she head . mrs . sestero do you know how hard it be ? this act thing ? you do not just move to LA and thing happen . you have to be lucky . you have to be talented ... greg shoot she a look . mrs . sestero you know what I mean . a beat . mrs . sestero I have try so hard to protect you . you walk out that door ... greg I know what I be do , ok , Mom . Mrs. sestero do not seem convinced . at which point , we hear a horn from outside . greg look through the window to see Tommy pull up in he convertible . greg smile . Mrs. sestero get she first good look at Tommy . her eye open wide . CUT to : ext sestero house - same greg make he way towards the car lug a suitcase . super : August 31 , 1998 the disaster artist - 22 he throw one in the back . go back to get another . from behind he come Mrs. sestero . mrs . sestero so you must be Tommy ... tommy I be Tommy . she hold he gaze a beat . mrs . sestero I need to ask you something Tommy because I be look at you eye and they be completely red . be you on drug ? tommy drug ? ha ha ha . greg come back out with another suitcase . mrs . sestero perhaps you can tell I why you wish to help my son ? tommy why , what be problem ? babyface be cool guy . mrs . sestero ( to greg ) babyface ?? greg shake he head . wish Tommy do not say that . Mrs. sestero turn back to Tommy . mrs . sestero one more thing , Tommy , and this be important . ( beat ) no sex . do you hear I ? greg Mom , Jesus ! mrs . sestero be we clear , Tommy ? a beat . and then a smile come over Tommy 's face . tommy well , we all do ... and even greg be weird out by that . greg wait , what ? Tommy ignore this , look at he watch . the disaster artist - 23 tommy greg , we really gotta go . Mom look at greg . greg kiss she on the cheek - he 's go . tear form in she eye . greg take a moment to glance back at he window where he father be watch he leave . he 's not come out to the car . a unspoken beat . greg throw he last bag in the back . hop in . mrs . sestero be safe , mon cherie . Tommy put the car into gear , perhaps forget he 's in a convertible , he say to greg : tommy my god , she 's crazy ! greg what do that mean , '' we all do ?! '' tommy figure of speech . greg let that go . he take one last look back at the window where he father be and be not anymore . he 's hope he 's do the right thing and truly believe that he be . time will tell . and we CUT to : ext 405 highway - later a bird 's eye view of the car drive South . int tommy 's car - same the guy in mid-conversation . tommy ++. not just vampire movie . all time reatest vampire movie . I call it '' vampire from alcatraz : King of vampire . '' greg wow . tommy you would see this movie ? greg fuck yeah I would . tommy of course you would . it would be unforgettable movie . base on truth . the disaster artist - 24 greg wait , what do you mean '' truth ? '' greg look at Tommy , unsure if he 's serious . Tommy smile . greg shake he head - what a joker . Tommy point . tommy see , we be almost there . greg look out the window . Los Angeles be get closer . his excitement build . CUT to : int tommy' car - same driving through Hollywood . tommy come to LA be not easy , my friend . but you take you time , you be only 16 now - greg 16 ? yeah , no , I be almost 21 -- tommy eh , it 's all the same . greg be not sure what that mean . they pass graumin 's chinese theatre where a premiere be take place : '' rush hour '' with Jackie Chan and Chris tucker . the red carpet , flashbulb pop . both man inch from they dream . greg it 's beautiful ... ext fountain and sunset - hollywood , CA - later Tommy drive slowly down the street , talk to himself . tommy be it this one ? wait , no , it must be ... I think this be wrong street . Tommy take a leave . they continue drive , look for the place . greg find it very strange that Tommy can not find he own apartment . he keep that to himself . tommy ah yes . here it be ! they pull into the entrance to apartment complex . tommy if anyone ask you be my cousin . the disaster artist - 25 greg cool. ( beat ) wait , why ? int tommy' los angele apartment - continuous a nice apartment . not much furniture . the only decoration a Doors poster . still , greg be impressed . greg whoa ... tommy it 's not castle but I think it 's ok . greg be you kid , it 's ... but then greg notice there 's only 1 bedroom . he be suddenly very unsure about this situation . greg +..a one bedroom ? Tommy see greg 's face . tommy what 's problem ? you do not want to share a bed with I ? a very long beat . greg look like he might shit himself . then , Tommy smile ... tommy c’mon , I be joke . what do you think ? greg laugh . phew ! tommy check this out ... Tommy show greg a strange portion of the room have be partition off with black velvet drape . greg what be it ? tommy second bedroom ! greg look to get a closer look . a red lamp . a air mattress on the floor . not very homey . tommy you can have the big bedroom . the disaster artist - 26 greg be you sure ? Tommy , I can ... I can try to find a cheap room somewhere ... tommy no , greg . I want you to be my guest . like in beauty and the Beast . ( beat , smile ) I be beauty of course . they both laugh . tommy you be the beast . greg ok . greg throw he bag down on the bed . greg man , you have have this place this whole time ...? tommy several year now . greg how come you never move down here yourself ? make a real go of it or something , you know ? Tommy take a moment to think about this . tommy I never have a friend to do it with . greg take that in . a nice beat between they . Tommy smile . tommy wait , now I show you best part ! and Tommy run out of the apartment , excited . greg , smile , follow after he . CUT to : ext roofdeck - tommy 's apartment - moment later the city light twinkle at night . a stun view . greg it 's incredible . they look out together for a beat . the disaster artist - 27 greg Tommy ... thank you . ( beat ) I never would have do any of this if it be not for you . tommy you be very welcome . they turn back to the city light down below . on top of the world . greg Holy shit , we be do this ! we be really do it ! woohoo ! tommy ha ha ha ! and on that note of unbridle optimism and excitement , we , CUT to : int hollywood apartment - the next morning greg awaken . the bedroom door be open and it seem like Tommy 's be go a long time . greg pick up a old copy of Hollywood reporter . he blow dust off the cover , open it , and we CUT to : series of shot - that first day in LA . - greg and Tommy ( separately ) drive down the stun tree line street of beverly Hills . expensive - look car in expensive - look driveway of even more expensive - look home . both of they smile wide , optimistic . - they both drop head shot off at various agency . - greg eat a burrito in poquito mas . at the next table , another aspiring actor be circle the trade . greg observe , make a mental note of this . - Tommy at a open casting call . casting director do I hear a accent ? tommy what ? what you mean ? CUT to : int Iris burton agency - later greg sit across from CHRIS ( 30 , executive assistant ) . Chris be study greg 's headshot . the disaster artist - 28 as he do , greg 's eye look at the client photo on the wall : Jerry O'Connell , hillary duff , josh hartnett . he 's sufficiently impressed . CHRIS this be great , actually . greg be not expect that . his eye light up . CHRIS do you have any tape ? and he deflate . CHRIS it 's ok . not everyone do in the beginning . greg smile , relieved . Chris hit the intercom button . CHRIS can you have Iris come back here a moment ? greg be over the moon . they wait a beat . and then she 's there , Iris burton ( 60 , legit ) . she look at greg , eyeing he up and down , silently judge . Iris ( beat ) miramax would fellate this guy . CHRIS paramount too . greg can not believe how well this be go . Iris you be not meeting with anyone else , be you ? ( before he can answer ) do not . you be all mine . with one last intense look at greg , Iris burton march out . greg look from she back to Chris . and Chris just say : CHRIS welcome to the Iris burton agency . greg can not believe it ! CUT to : int las palmas club - same the dancefloor be teeming with wannabe starlet groove to the music . the disaster artist - 29 Tommy and greg sit in a booth off to the side . tommy tell I everything ! greg what do you mean ? tommy the act business . how to become big star like you . greg ( laugh ) Big star . Tommy -- tommy but you be on you way . greg think about that . it 's true ... tommy I could learn from you . teach I . Tommy look at he , all ear . greg think about it . greg ok , so , first off : CUT to : int photography studio - day High end . fashionable . expensive . and here 's Tommy pose for the camera , he shirt unbuttone , he lip pucker , he hair blow in the breeze . greg ( v.o . ) you be gonna need some headshot . good one . with lot of pose to show you range . tommy I need more wind machine . CUT to : ext STREET - another day Tommy look through the ridiculous headshot . in one , he shirt be unbuttone , show he bare chest , he hair be pin back . he look like a scary woman . in another , Tommy 's hair be free-flowing and he 's make a come hither look at the camera . Blue steel . Tommy be pleased . back to : the disaster artist - 30 int nightclub greg and you be gonna need a agent . that 's the hardest thing . tommy but you have one . greg well yeah , but ... tommy so you will tell he about I ... greg blink twice but do not answer . CUT to : int tommy 's apartment - day Tommy be scour '' backstage '' magazine , circle open casting call he might be right for . greg ( v.o. ) there 's something call '' backstage '' magazine . that 's where you will hear about audition . CUT to : int casting office - hallway - day Tommy be audition . tommy ++ . '' I do not know , sir. my mommy tell I never talk to stranger . '' casting director Excuse I . sorry , what be you do ? tommy I be act . casting director you be read the wrong part . tommy I like this one better . May I go on ? the casting people just look at he , incredulous . greg ( v.o. ) the people there can seem really nice but , I do not know ... back to : the disaster artist - 31 int twenty /20 nightclub greg ++. sometimes they say they be gonna call - and they do not . it 's kinda fuck up . Tommy shake he head . that be fuck up ! greg eventually you book enough gig to get you sag card . tommy sag card . what be the sag ? greg it 's the actor 's Union . tommy how do I get into Union ? greg you can get in through a tv show , commercial ... tommy and once I have my sag card , I be true actor ? greg yup . greg notice a pair of beautiful women look over at they . he smile , look away . Tommy catch it . see what greg be look at . frown . before he can say anything the woman have walk over . woman # 1 ( smile at greg ) we just want to come over and say hey . greg ( smile back ) hey . I be greg , this be Tommy . Tommy glower . tommy lady , do you mind , we be have a conversation . what do you have to offer ? the woman be momentarily stunne . tommy I ask what you do - something besides drink ? any job or anything ? ( turn to woman # 2 ) you - what do you offer besides take the vodka ? the disaster artist - 32 the woman look at each other - be this guy for real ? woman # 2 have a nice night . ( under she breath ) loser . the woman walk away . greg wince in embarrassment . tommy can you believe that ? greg look at Tommy . no word . later . Tommy on the dance floor - dance he heart out , oblivious to how people be avoid he . greg sit alone in the booth as the waitress come by with more drink . waitress vodka soda . and two hot water ... greg thanks . Tommy try to wave greg over to dance with he . greg ignore he . turn back to the waitress . waitress you friend be ... unique . greg that 's for sure . the waitress take a beat . waitress hey do I know you from somewhere ? greg I ... wow. really . ( down -play ) yeah I mean ... I be a actor . waitress you be always at that poquito mas off sunset . greg ( cop ) yes ! that place be delicious . waitress I have see you there . greg look at she a beat . she 's really pretty . greg maybe next time , you should come say hello . the disaster artist - 33 waitress or you could just call I . my name 's amber . greg greg . angle on Tommy , dance he heart out . he see the waitress lean over and give greg she phone number . this bother he for some reason . and on he face , CUT to : int audition - another day greg do a scene with a truly terrible English accent . greg do not talk to I like that or I 'il bleedin’ smash in ya face -- casting person # 2 ( interrupt ) thank you . greg look up , bum . he be really into that . he deflate . CUT to : ext runyon canyon - day greg on the phone . greg ( into phone ) yeah , um , Iris burton please ? ( beat ) greg sestero . ( beat ) really ? Cause that 's what you say the last two time I call . ( beat ) no , I understand . alright well can you tell she ... hello ? greg curse to himself . fuck ! CUT to : int hollywood apartment - later greg be with amber watch '' Gilmore Girls . '' " rory " ( on screen ) " watch I ? " " dean " " I mean , not in a creepy way , like , " I be watch you " sort of way . I just -- " angle on greg and amber the disaster artist - 34 greg I read for that part . amber you be way better look than that guy ! enter Tommy in a huff . tommy hi greg . and see amber , he 's doubly annoyed . beat . amber to . Tommy greg . greg hey man ! this be amber I be tell you about -- tommy I do not have time for this . I must change quickly and go . greg oh , ok . be everything alright ? tommy you have hear of konstantin Stanislavsky ? greg yeah of course . that 's olivier 's teacher , right ? tommy olivier 's teacher - and now Tommy 's teacher . I have first class this evening . amber with Stanislavsky ...?! tommy the one and only . amber pretty sure Stanislavsky be dead . tommy impossible . I just speak to he . think about correct he further - decide not tommy I let you know how it be , babyface . maybe one day you join . go in he room , shut the door . amber look at the disaster artist - 35 amber he just call you babyface . voice ( overlap ) whenever you be ready , Tommy . int stanislavsky school of acting - same Tommy sit cross -legge on a platform wear a wife beater and a red bandana . finally , he turn to the audience . tommy ( singsong ) '' let I not to the marriage of true mind ... admit im pediment . '' this class be a lot bigger than the one in San Francisco . its student more varied in age and ethnicity . but everyone in it be as puzzle as they be up North . tommy '' Love be not love . which alter when it alternation find . '' angle on the teacher ( 5as , goateed , ponytail poke out of he fedora ) . he 's horrify . teacher stop . the teacher stand . Tommy pick himself up off the ground . teacher what ... exactly ... be you do ? tommy sonnet . you know sonnet ? teacher yes Tommy , I know what a sonnet be . I guess what I be ask be why on Earth would you choose to do that today . Tommy do not understand the question . teacher have you see yourself ? I mean , no offense brother but look at you . you be a scary dude . Tommy be very offended by this . teacher look , I be just gonna say it cause the earlier you learn this the better . ( more ) the disaster artist - 36 teacher ( cont 'd ) you be never gonna be the hero who get the girl , Tommy . you scare people . but you have make a perfect villain ... Tommy look like he might cry . he jump down off the platform , angry . tommy I be not villain . he grab he coat off the chair and storm out of the room . the teacher call after he . teacher hey , I be just try to help -- but he 's out of there . CUT to : int / ext william morris agency - another day Tommy be in mid-argument with the receptionist . tommy no , I do understand , I just do not accept . receptionist Sir -- tommy what be you name miss ? receptionist Lisa . tommy miss Lisa , I know what you Hollywood people think . you think I look strange . or I be villain . but I be great american actor . I demand to speak with you boss -- receptionist Sir , I be not gonna tell you again . do I have to call security ? a beat . tommy you be not a nice person , Lisa . int hollywood apartment - night Tommy be eat microwave pasta in a cut - off tee when greg come in from he retail job . greg hey Tommy ... the disaster artist - 37 tommy greg ! we must go out tonight ! maybe go dance or a movie . have you see this '' talented ripley man ? '' greg oh , uh , no but ... actually amber and I have this birthday party ... Tommy pretend he be not bother . he 's not a great actor . greg feel bad . greg would you like to come with we ? ext rooftop birthday party - later amber and greg enter with Tommy in tow . the place be pack with people , streamer and balloon for decoration that read '' happy birthday ! '' see amber and greg , various partygoer approach they warmly . hug and kiss all around . Tommy stand back , sunglass on , distant . like he 's never see a birthday party before . amber oh , and this be greg 's roommate Tommy . tommy I do not like this place . no more be say . amber look at everyone . amber let 's have a drink ! later . while greg and amber seem to know everyone , Tommy stand alone in the corner , next to a table of food . he pick up a carrot , sniff it , then put it back . Tommy be approach by henry , a friendly partygoer . henry try the onion dip . I make it myself . ( beat ) I make all of this . Tommy look at the food . then back at Henry . suspicious , Tommy take a small taste . tommy it 's disgusting . I hate it . Henry , insulted , turn and walk away . henry ( under he breath ) wow . people be so strange this day . the disaster artist - 38 Tommy ignore he . alone , he spot greg and amber across the room , sit on the step arm in arm . she laugh at something he say and then kiss he . he take in this image a long beat . until it 's interrupt by the arrive cake . everyone sing '' happy birthday '' to someone . Tommy take this as he opportunity to slip out unseen . CUT to : int tommy 's car - night Tommy drive down sunset towards beverly Hills , he loneliness more palpable than ever . he talk into he cassette recorder . tommy ( into recorder ) ++. just because you have blonde hair you think you rule the world ? no , it 's pathetic . ( beat ) anyway , here we be - another shitty day . I do not know how much more of this I can take , you know ? we have never see Tommy look this defeat . CUT to : ext rooftop party - later greg be in mid-conversation with a actor friend . actor friend oh dude . it 's be such a crazy year . just wrap a mel Gibson movie -- greg wait , really ? actor friend and I '' about to shoot this pilot for HBO . 2nd lead . greg no shit ! wow dude , that 's ... good for you ... actor friend thanks man . greg smile but it 's a pain one . the actor friend notice . actor friend but you be good ? the disaster artist - 39 greg ( overcompensate ) I ?! yeah , for sure ... actor friend work on anything at the moment . greg Nah you know , just ... audition . figure out the next move ... awkward silence . greg start look around for Tommy . greg anyway , good see you Sean . I think I be gonna go find my friend -- actor friend you mean the weird guy with the long hair ? I see he leave like a hour ago . and this be news to greg. CUT to : int spago - later that night Tommy dine by himself at the exclusive LA eatery . around the room , everyone else be on a date or in a big group . and then he recognize someone ( 40s , dark suit , slick ) . Movie producer jason hammer . Tommy put down he fork , stand and approach this table . tommy sorry to interrupt but you be the movie producer Jason Hammer . hammer ( not look up , dismissive ) Nice to see you . thank you . Hammer shake he hand , think that will be the end of it . his two female guest look on . tommy I be Tommy wiseau . hammer ok . Tommy just stand there . hammer can I help you , Tommy ? we be kind of in the middle of something . the disaster artist - 40 tommy ( not take hint ) I will not give you the bullshit , I have a lot of talent and many great idea . please ... from one of he pocket he pull out a headshot . Hammer resist , now clearly annoyed . hammer this be not the time or the place . tommy so tell I time and place and I will meet you . Tommy wave the headshot Hammer will not take in he face . hammer come on , man . other table notice the commotion . see this be not work , Tommy decide to try something else . tommy '' to be . or not . to be . be the question . '' female guest # 1 oh my god . tommy '' whether it be nobler in the mind . to suffer the sling . and the arrow -- '' the whole room now be watch this be total disbelief . hammer Security ! Tommy ignore they , soldier on , he big chance . tommy '' or to take up the arm against the sea of trouble .. '' and now security have arrive . they grab Tommy . as he 's be carte off : tommy give I chance Mr. Hammer ! one chance ! hammer yeah . I will give you a call if we decide to remake swamp thing . laughter from Hammer 's guest . Tommy be enraged . tommy ( bang on the table ) you be a swamp thing , I be Tommy wiseau ! the disaster artist - 41 Tommy knock a glass over , spilling everywhere as he 's escort out of the restaurant . everyone watch . a new low . ext greg and tommy hollywood apartment —- establishing the sun rise in the sky , the light bright and intense . ext / int greg and tommy 's apartment - same greg come home and see the front door be open . that 's weird . he walk in . greg Tommy ? no response . greg look around . no sign of Tommy anywhere . and then he see the door to the fire escape be also ajar . ext greg 's and tommy 's apartment - rooftop - same greg climb up to find Tommy , still dress in last night 's clothes , look over the edge like he could jump . greg Tommy ? it take a beat but eventually Tommy turn . his face still streak with tear . greg you ok ? tommy do you think I be villain ? greg what ? another beat . tommy this town ... I know they do not want I . they do not understand I . maybe I do not have what it take . greg stand next to Tommy . he too have be feel the effect of all the rejection lately . greg I know what you mean . tommy you do ? the disaster artist - 42 greg yeah man . of course . ( beat ) my agent 's totally stop take my call . all I hear be '' no , '' all day , every day . it 's be fuck hard . Tommy nod . tommy nobody like I . nobody give I a chance , my whole life ... greg sigh . both of they sit there a beat . greg see how low Tommy be . greg but we can not give up . Tommy do not seem so sure . greg hey . hey , look at I . when they tell James Dean he be not good enough , do he listen to they ? this approach get Tommy 's attention . greg fuck that , no , he ignore they . and he show they all . and that 's what we will do too . Tommy think about that . tommy I just wish I know how . they stand there , together , a long beat . greg maybe we should make we own movie . be not that a wild idea ... but then he face change . the wheel turn . something occur to he . tommy that great idea . and we CUT to : series of shot : - tommy get to work a - Tommy draw the curtain for complete darkness . we hear : tommy ( v.o. ) so it all take place in one room ... the disaster artist - 43 B - Tommy set up a typewriter on a desk . he place he copy of '' streetcar name desire '' next to it . tommy ( v.o. ) everybody 's happy , life be perfect . Tommy call out to greg . tommy greg ! how long be movie script ?! cc - Tommy pace around the room , talk into he cassette recorder ( this be what we have be hearing ) . tommy but then this girl , this beautiful girl ... she betray he . D - Tommy sit before the typewriter , he finger on the key , ready to write he masterpiece . tommy ( v.o . ) -.. sleep with best friend . we call he '' Mark '' - after Mark damon . from '' talented ripley man . '' E - Tommy hang upside down from he pull up bar , work out he frustration . tommy ( v.o. ) so johnny go crazy . decide to kill himself in front of the world . then they see . he show they all ! haha . F - Tommy type as furiously as one can with two finger . greg be in the kitchen . he hear the type and then a gutteral yell from behind the curtain . greg Tommy ? you alright ? he hear : tommy ( 0.s. ) I can't think in this house ?! greg be not sure how to respond . greg I be head out ! again no response . greg just exit . CUT to : ext park - day greg be run . his hair and beard have grow out . super : May 7 , 2001 ( five month later ) the disaster artist - 44 int apartment - later that day greg enter , tired from the run . he find Tommy wait for he , hold up what look like a script . tommy ( sing -song ) I have something for youuu . CUT to : int canter 's deli - later Tommy and greg in a booth . Tommy throw a script on the table in front of greg . on the cover page : insert : '' the room '' by Tommy wiseau tommy my masterpiece . the great drama since Tennessee Williams . a beat . greg have no idea what to say . on closer examination , we see he 's grow a beard , fill out a little . super : May 7 , 2001 ( five month later ) tommy so what do you say ? greg about what ? tommy I be gonna make this thing . greg you be gonna make it ? tommy I have script , I have money -- greg you have money ?! tommy I have investor . be no problem . I have director too . and star -- greg wait a minute , what director ? what star ? tommy who do you think ? I ! I already tell you this ! you do not listen ? greg be in shock . the disaster artist - 45 tommy it 's like you say - Hollywood reject we , we do it ourselves . greg 's eye go wide . excitement building . Tommy put the script back on the table . tommy behold - '' the room . '' ( beat ) no one have read it yet . and so today , you will be first . Tommy sit back , expect greg to read it in front of he . greg oh you mean now ? tommy you must prepare yourself physically and emotionally . Tommy sit back again , expectant . greg have no choice but to read . he open it up to the first page . Tommy put he hand on it . tommy and remember ... be copyright . greg nod . Tommy take he hand away . greg start to read . series of shot as greg turn the page . we see flash of the screenplay : - '' lisa : I be not a slave here , be I ? '' - '' tommy : Old man donkey let I know today . '' - '' lisa' mother : get you pretty little bun in here , Lisa . '' greg be have a tough time make sense of the page . Tommy see that on he face . tommy I apologize if some of it be over you head . greg yeah , I think ... that must be it . greg read some more . Tommy watch he closely . eventually , greg turn the last page . Tommy look up , he eye plead for compliment . tommy well ...? the disaster artist - 46 a long beat . greg I mean ... it 's good . Tommy nod , excited . tommy and of course you will play '' Mark . '' greg you be serious ? I ? tommy be big part , no ? second lead ... greg look at he , awed . greg ( excited ) Tommy , that 's -- tommy I write part just for you . greg ( realize ) wait , the guy who stab he friend in the back and steal he girl -- tommy ( grab the script ) you do not want to do it , fine . maybe johnny dapp be available ... greg no I want to do it . I do ... Tommy sit back in the chair , pleased . greg look at he , still in disbelief . greg you be really gonna make this thing ? tommy no , greg . we be gonna make this thing . ( beat ) together . greg and Tommy lock eye . they be fuck do this ! and we CUT to : int birn & sawyer production soundstage - day one of Hollywood 's best know rental house for professional filmmaker . equipment , stage , you name it , they lease it . the disaster artist - 47 sale rep peter anway lead Tommy and greg across the studio . peter ++. every assortment of lense and camera , both digital and film ... Tommy admire the equipment although it 's clear he do not know what any of it do . peter you 'il notice we have top of the line arriflex light ... Peter wave over bill meurer ( 60 ) from he corner office . peter --. and here 's the owner of we facility . Bill meurer , this be Tommy and greg , the guy I be tell you about . bill ( shake they hand ) pleasure to meet you and welcome . how long be you shoot ? tommy however long it take . Bill look to Peter who silently signal '' let it go . '' bill terrific ! Peter keep on smile . peter well , like I say , you will find everything you need here at birn & sawyer . rental start at - tommy not rent . buy . everyone look at Tommy , confuse . peter I be sorry , you say - ? tommy I buy equipment . yes . peter Tommy , that 's ... why would you do that , you do not have to -- tommy '' the room '' be first class production . no mickey mouse stuff . the disaster artist - 48 Bill and Peter exchange a glance . bill hey , customer 's always right , right ? so , uh , you look to shoot 35 or hd ? Tommy clearly have no idea what that mean . tommy I shoot both . Peter and Bill be flabbergasted . greg try to be helpful . greg I think he 's ask if you want to shoot on digital or film . tommy my ear work . I want to shoot with both camera . bill but ... you can not do both . tommy why not ? peter you would need twice the equipment , twice the crew ... they be not even light the same -- it 's just not do . tommy so what you be say be ... I will be first . peter what I be say be ... no one . would ever . do it . tommy exactly . ( beat ) I be not no one . I be wiseau . greg high fives Tommy . Bill and Peter be stunne . who be this guy ? Peter be about to respond when Bill intervene . bill can you gentleman give we a moment ? Bill and Peter step off to the side . we can not hear what they be say but they talk animatedly while keep a keen eye on Tommy and greg . after a few more beat , Peter and Bill return . they attitude very different . the disaster artist - 49 peter so we talk about it . we will sell you all the equipment you need . and we will give you a reduce rate on everything if you decide to shoot here . tommy good . I like this spot . Peter look to Bill . they be try to contain themselves . peter terrific ! sound like we have a deal . int production office - later Tommy fidget , seemingly restless , as Peter introduce RAPHAEL smardja ( 30 , arty professional ) and sandy schklair ( affably dishevel , a selleck mustache and hefty glass ) . peter this be raphael , one of we most experience dps . Tommy look at greg . greg ( whisper to Tommy ) director of photography . tommy dp , yes , sure -- peter ...- and Sandy schklair , script supervisor on how many -- sandy 32 . peter 32 show ! sandy I be a director too . I have do several -- Tommy seem very impatient . tommy great , everyone hire . I need to get back to -- RAPHAEL wait , should not we discuss you vision for the movie first ? the disaster artist - 50 sandy ( finger the screenplay ) and I certainly have a couple thought about this script -- tommy you leave think to I , my friend . do you job , everyone win . Sandy laugh but then see Tommy be serious . sandy oh . RAPHAEL do you have a line producer ? tommy what 's a line producer ? raphael look at Sandy a beat . tommy whatever it be , greg can do it . this be news to greg . sandy who 's greg ? greg raise he hand , a little uncertain . greg I be greg. ( beat ) I be also play '' Mark . '' raphael and Sandy look at greg , confuse . what the fuck be happen ? greg just shrug . buckle up , gang . smash CUT to : insert : backstage magazine from May 2001 . quick zoom : the corner of the very last page . a small advertisement read , '' OPEN casting call - major motion picture . serious actor only . no amateur STUFF . '' int production office - hallway - day fill with aspire actor who , like greg and Tommy , be hope this be the one , the big break . int production office - audition room - day a long plastic table separate Tommy and greg from the aspiring actress . the disaster artist - 51 tommy that will be all , thank you . the actress smile politely and walk out the door . Tommy immediately turn to greg . tommy my God . you see that ? that be not Lisa . Lisa be all - american girl . very beautiful . very sexy . like angelica jolie . ugh , why be this so hard ?! greg open the door for the next aspirant , jessie ( 20 , perky , girl next door ) . greg jessie Howard . jessie come in , smile , confident . this be someone who have be on a lot of audition . nothing faze she . not even Tommy who take a long beat to creepily eye she up and down . after which he just say : tommy you may begin . a beat . jessie turn to greg . jessie um ... be there side or ...? tommy no one see script until they absolutely must . jessie ah. Woody allen-style . tommy Young lady , this be not cartoon . this be serious movie . my god . jessie look to greg for help . do not get any . CUT to : a different actress ... actress # 2 ( beat ) ok , um ... can you at least tell I something about the part ? tommy the part be Lisa . a third actress ... actress # 3 and be Lisa ... good , bad , funny , sweet , happy , angry -- the disaster artist - 52 tommy she be Lisa . back to jessie , who stand there , at a loss . Tommy be get annoyed . tommy you Mom just die ! jessie Excuse I ? tommy it be call act . I be ask you to show I emotion ! jessie look to greg again . nope . nothing weird here . tommy you Mom just die . go ! on jessie 's face , pretty stunne , CUT to : series of shot - different actress try out for Lisa actress # 1 ( fake cry ) I miss she so much . CUT to : tommy you just win lottery ! go! actress # 2 ( beat ) oh my god , I win ! I win ! tommy now you get parking ticket . actress # 2 ( beat , try she best ) dammit , no , not again ! CUT to : tommy you sister be lesbian . actress # 3 my ... what ? later . a petite , bubbly , somewhat timid blonde audition for Tommy and greg . this be juliette danielle . tommy Michelle be best friend of Lisa . she wait for more instruction but Tommy say nothing . the disaster artist - 53 juliette so what be I suppose to do ? tommy ( like it 's obvious ) be best friend . CUT to : later . greg in the hallway taping something to the wall . Tommy emerge from one of the room . tommy I need you to find I a bed . greg ( confuse ) why ? be you tired ? later . Tommy and a young starlet lie on a mattress that now sit in the middle of the audition room . Tommy explain : tommy Lisa be great love of johnny 's life . model / actress and who 's play johnny ? tommy I be . model / actress ( beat ) yeah ... I do not think I 'il be able to work this into my schedule . Nice meeting you , though . and she practically run out of there . greg you think the bed be a little much ? tommy ( smile ) do not be jealous . who 's next ?! int poquito mas - night amber and greg sit at the counter . greg well we still do not have a Lisa but I think we be ready . amber I gotta hand it to Tommy . he 's weird but he come though . the disaster artist - 54 greg yeah . amber put a wrapped gift on the table . greg look at she . what 's this ? amber I be proud of you . greg unwrap the gift to reveal a key . he 's confuse . amber this way you can come and go as you please . no pressure or anything . I just think -- greg I love it . thank you . they kiss . a nice moment . CUT to : int tommy 's car - the next morning Tommy in the Driver 's seat . greg in the passenger 's seat . the car be park in the alley outside the Studio . they look at one another . it be time . and we CUT to : ext birn & sawyer studio - same in slo -mo , Tommy and greg emerge from the car . super : June 12 , 2002 - day 1 they walk through the alley to the soundstage . they enter : int birn & sawyer soundstage - same which have be construct to look exactly like the real alley outside . Sandy and raphael stand by a dolly ( with two different kind of cameras on it ) . a crew of gaffer , electrician , prop people and the like mill about . it 's a real movie set . Tommy survey the scene . clap he hand and yell : tommy everyone , gather ! come here ! the disaster artist - 55 they do as instruct . we see the whole cast of '' the room '' include : juliette ( as '' Michelle '' ) , philip ( the actor play '' denny '' ) , carolyn ( the actress play '' Lisa 's Mom " ) , dan ( play " Chris - R '' ) scott holme ( as '' Mike '' ) and kyle vogt ( " Peter " ) . Tommy turn to a young kid hold a camcorder . tommy Markus , you ready ? the kid nod , point the video camera at Tommy , its red light start to blink . tommy today be we top of the mountain day . the day we begin the first step of a great journey . after today , who among we will ever be the same ? applause all around . speech be a little over the top but the cast be excited . they be make a movie ! tommy this play will work if the chemistry between all the character make sense . human behavior and betrayal apply to all of we . it exist within ourselves . now it 's get a little weird . even greg be not sure what he 's talk about . Markus continue to record the whole thing as Tommy continue ... tommy you love somebody . do you ? what be love ? you think you have everything , but you do not have anything . the cast start look at one another . what be happen right now ? Tommy be not do . tommy you have to have hope and spirit . be a optimist . but can you handle all you human behavior or other 's behavior ? you do not want to be good , but great . ( beat ) the room ! more applause . raphael and Sandy lock eye . Holy shit . tommy one other thing ... Tommy point to a curtain - off area at the back of the lot with a sign that read '' director only . '' it 's a toilet with a curtain for a door . the disaster artist - 56 tommy this be private bathroom . cost I many dollar so be only for I . no one use it . sandy you know there 's a bathroom , like , right over there . with a door and everything ... tommy ( like Sandy be crazy ) this be real movie set . sandy ( wtf ) ok ! after a beat : tommy enough pet talk . let 's make a movie ! int alley set - later raphael set up both the digital and film camera with he crew . RAPHAEL ready first scene ... we track with greg as pass the camera on he way towards the set . Dan ( play the drug dealer Chris - R ) pace incessantly , practice he intense over - the- top dialogue . CHRIS -r I want my fucking money , motherfucker ! greg slap he on the back , encourage . he walk on , see Tommy stand with Philip ( play the man-child " denny '' ) , '' block '' the scene . tommy so he play with basketball here . and then you come in here . demand the money . greg nod along in support . until Sandy appear . sandy can I ask a question ? Tommy turn to Sandy . annoy by this intrusion . sandy if denny already buy the drug , why do Chris -r want the money now ? what kind of drug dealer do not require up front payment ? the disaster artist - 57 greg too find this odd . Tommy be about to answer when : philip haldiman also ... can I just call he Chris instead of Chris -r ? tommy his name be Chris - R . you call he Chris - R. philip haldiman yeah but why ? tommy Cause he be gangster . Philip look at greg . can you help ? but greg and Tommy be in lock step . greg gangster . Tommy make to move on but Philip stop he . philip haldiman oh , uh , also how old be I suppose to be ? tommy I do not know . 15 , 16 ... both greg and Philip find that odd . ( Philip be quite clearly in mid 20 . ) but maybe this be not the time to say so ... philip haldiman ok , sure ... tommy and do not be brando today . you will hurt yourself . Philip be not sure what that mean . raphael come over . RAPHAEL picture 's up ... Tommy walk over to the camera ( 's ) . he nod to greg , who return it . it 's really happen ! RAPHAEL Roll sound . Roll camera ... Tommy close he eye , take a second to appreciate this moment . and then : a camera assistant hold up the clapperboard . tommy action ! we see the lst take through the camera 's Pov . the disaster artist - 58 '' CHRIS - R '' '' hey denny . '' '' denny '' '' hey Chris -r , I have be look for you . '' '' CHRIS - R '' '' do you have my money ? '' '' denny '' '' you money be come . it will be here in a few minute . '' '' CHRIS - R '' ( pull gun , grab denny ) '' I need my money ! '' '' denny '' '' just give I 5 minute ... '' they wrestle a few moment longer than they need to until : tommy cut ! ( he approach they ) I love it ! greg do a fist pump . so proud . everyone else look at each other like '' what the fuck be that ? '' Sandy approach Tommy . sandy do you want to do another ? tommy why ? that be perfect . and off he face , we hear : sandy ( overlap ) and that 's a wrap on day one , everybody ! int birn and sawyer soundstages - next day greg walk through the crew , take it all in . his enthusiasm for be on a movie set still evident on he face . this be the dream . super : day 4 he walk towards Tommy who be sit in make - up , study he line . amy , the make - up artist , try to do she work while Tommy read line . tommy '' oh hi , Mark . '' ( beat ) ( more ) the disaster artist - 59 tommy ( cont 'd ) " oh. hi Mark ! '' ( beat ) '' oh hi! Mark . '' Tommy be about to make he screen debut and he 's nervous . greg you be always nervous for you on -screen debut . you should have see I , I almost throw up . Tommy look at greg , more annoyed than comfort . greg you be gonna do great , Tommy . I promise . just relax . Sandy appear , point to he watch . sandy five minute . Tommy stand . look around the place . can not sit still . tommy where be wardrobe ? he walk over to the clothing rack . no one seem to know where the costume designer be . tommy do I have to do everything myself ?! Tommy start grab clothes off the rack . pick a shirt and a sport coat that neither fit nor match . he try both on and like what he see . safowa , the costume designer , show up in the nick of time . tommy where have you be ? safowa I just go to grab tie . tommy well now I be already dress . you be too late . Tommy look around for more prop . safowa have no idea what he 's do . he grab some scrunchies , lotion bottle , hair gel , and a wad of fake cash . he stuff all of they in he pants pocket . safowa you be gonna film the scene with all that thing in you pocket ? the disaster artist - 60 tommy I keep my stuff sweetie . he walk off towards the set . safowa can I at least take a picture for continuity ? tommy Continuity - be in you forehead . and with that , he 's go . safowa turn to greg . safowa what do that mean ? sandy ( overlap ) and ... action ! int rooftop set - moment later the crew be set up to film a outhouse which will double as the rooftop 's entry point . the door open and Tommy as '' johnny '' come out . '' johnny '' '' it be not ... '' ( beat ) line ! sandy '' true . '' '' it 's not true . '' Tommy hold up he hand in apology . re-enter the outhouse . sandy go again . and ... action . Tommy come out again . '' johnny '' '' it 's not true . I ... '' ( beat ) line ! Sandy look at greg . then back to Tommy sandy ( flatly ) '' it 's not true . I do not hit she . it 's bullshit . I do not . '' Tommy nod , go back into the outhouse . sandy and ... action ! the disaster artist - 61 from the Pov of the camera , we see Tommy come out : '' johnny '' '' it 's bullshit . I hit she , it 's bullshit ... '' Tommy keep walk , until in fact he 's completely out of frame . Sandy can not believe it . sandy dammit ! cut! ( beat ) Tommy ... you mark . tommy he! point to greg ) e 's Mark . sandy no , you mark . where you need to stand . to be in the shot . Tommy realize he mistake . go back in . Sandy exhales . Tommy come back out , stare at he foot : '' johnny '' '' it 's not true ... '' sandy look up ! Tommy can not look up and talk at the same time . CUT to : int rooftop set super : day 5 '' johnny '' '' I do not hit she . I ... '' ( beat ) line ! no one watch can believe this . sandy ( to raphael ) he write this , right ? just check . CUT to : int rooftop set super : day 6 '' johnny '' '' I do not ... '' the disaster artist - 62 this time Tommy smack he head in the frame of the door . tommy ow !!! my god ! CUT to : int rooftop set the slate say '' take 32 . '' super : day 9 '' johnny '' '' it 's not true . I do not hit she . it 's bullshit . I do naaat . '' ( beat , still look down ) '' oh hi , Mark ! '' Sandy look towards raphael . good enough ? sandy and cut ! ( in raphael 's ear ) I get it now . this be a huge money launder scheme . CUT to : close up : a check make out to Sandy from '' wiseau film '' ( complete with its own globe logo ) . reveal we be : int well fargo bank - day Sandy be cash the check , fully expect it to bounce . teller anything else I can help you with ? sandy really ? that go through ? the teller see the confusion on Sandy 's face . he lean in . teller this account ... it 's a bottomless pit . and Sandy can not fuck believe it . CUT to : ext apartment pool - day amber and greg sit by the pool . greg be read from '' the room '' script , study he line . amber look over . amber so how 's shoot go ? the disaster artist - 63 greg um , you know ... she do not know . and neither really do greg . but he want to believe . greg good . I think . it 's come together . amber nod . amber and Tommy ? how 's he do ? greg he 's ... you know ... he 's Tommy . he 's try hard but ... I think he 's nervous . he 's put a lot into this thing . a beat . amber smile , can not help herself . amber ( in '' Tommy voice '' ) I be Tommy wiseau . great american film director . greg laugh . amber ( in '' Tommy voice '' ) this be movie for the age . classic drama . like the '' go with wind '' or the '' dance with wolf ... '' greg find this hilarious . they laugh together . amber oh man , what be you gonna do if it 's terrible ? greg what do you mean ? amber I mean ... be not this gonna be on you imdb page ? this think have not occur to greg until now . greg think about it . greg it will not be terrible . amber do not say anything . greg it 's gonna be great , you will see . the disaster artist - 64 amber pick up the script . start to browse through it . greg sit back in the chair , think about what she say . on he face , we CUT to : int tommy 's office - night decorate wall to wall with american flag and Christmas decoration . Tommy be alone , watch some of the behind the scene footage that Markus have shot : Sandy and raphael in video village during one of Tommy 's performance . we hear : RAPHAEL ( 0.s. ) be he gonna do that accent the whole movie ? sandy ( 0.s. ) pretty sure that 's just how he talk . Tommy watch this like a detective , make mental note . he 's interrupt by a knock . it 's juliette , the actress play " Michelle . '' juliette May I come in ? she do , admire all the office decoration . juliette Christmas in June . tommy ( quickly turn off the tv ) what ? juliette no , I mean , I like it . and the flag ... tommy I be american . just like you . juliette of course . yeah ... tommy so what be it ? as you can see I be very busy .... she sit on a chair across from Tommy 's desk . juliette be it true you still have not find a Lisa ? tommy why , do you know someone ? the disaster artist - 65 juliette well I be think ... maybe I could do it . tommy ( beat , look at she ) Young lady ... juliette I know , I know . I do not have much experience but ... give I a chance . I might surprise you . Tommy look at she as if regard she for the first time . tommy Lisa be aggressive . passionate . very determine . be you that thing ? juliette I would not be here if I be not . juliette stand , slowly move closer to Tommy . tommy and you also must be ok with the kissing stuff ? there be lot of -- as if on cue , she kiss Tommy ! he 's surprised but quickly return it and a intense make out ensue . a few beat later , juliette break away . shrug . exit . leave a very throw Tommy with much to think about . tommy my god . greg as '' MARK '' ( overlap ) '' yeah man , you never know ... '' int rooftop set - later and now the rest of that scene . Tommy sit in a chair , greg as '' Mark '' stand over he . '' MARK " '' people be pretty strange this day . I use to know a girl she have a dozen guy . one of they find out , beat she up so bad , she end up in the hospital . '' which cause Tommy to laugh . no one can believe it . super : day 23 sandy cut. let 's , uh , try that again ... CUT to : the disaster artist - 66 '' MARK " '' , .. she have a dozen guy . one of they find out , beat she up so bad , she end up in the hospital . '' Tommy laugh at that again . Sandy and raphael share another glance . Holy shit ! sandy cut ! Sandy walk over to Tommy . tommy what ? sandy the story he 's tell you - the one you , yourself , write - it 's not a funny story , Tommy . CUT to : '' MARK " '' , .. he beat she up so bad she end up in the hospital . '' Tommy laugh uproariously again . '' johnny '' what a story , Mark ! Sandy look at raphael who just shake he head . let 's just keep go . CUT to : ext birn & sawyer - parking lot - end of day greg walk with Tommy . greg good news on the Lisa front . I know a girl , a really good actress , just get back in town -- tommy juliette be play Lisa . greg no , juliette be play Michelle . tommy not anymore . she show up one day , very pushy , manipulative . her competition be vicious ! perfect for Lisa ! greg Tommy , I be the line producer . you have to tell I this thing ... the disaster artist - 67 tommy but I be director . greg I know , I just ... I want this to be good . tommy it will not be good . ( beat ) it will be great . and greg want to believe this . but still : greg so who 's play Michelle then ? Tommy do not think about that . oh shit . greg you be kid , right ? she shoot tomorrow ! ext birn & sawyer - soundstage - night greg walk robyn paris ( 20 , brunette , savvy ) down to the other end of the alley . greg I be sorry it 's so last minute . I know how this look . robyn it look like I be go to be murder . be anyone else audition ? Tommy wait for they at the end of the alley in he pirate / vampire outfit . tommy hello . robyn smile . robyn hi there . Tommy look at she a beat . tommy do you believe in love ? robyn sorry ? tommy be you willing to give up you mind , soul , and body to inhabit Michelle ? the disaster artist - 68 robyn ( beat ) I mean , yeah I think so -- tommy great ! you get the part ! on robyn 's face , unsure how to feel . she turn to greg. greg welcome to '' the room ! '' int EL coyote - later jam pack and loud . Tommy sit with greg and amber in a small booth . tommy ( to waiter ) I say hot water . this be not hot . why be everything a problem this day ?! the waiter scurries off . awkward silence . amber look at greg. send he a message . greg seem a little nervous . greg so Tommy the reason we , uh , bring you here ... we have be talk and ... ( beat ) we want to move in together . Tommy look at they , confuse . tommy that 's impossible . my place can not handle the three of we . greg no that 's -- amber greg and I be move in together . tommy what ? ( to greg ) why ? greg we find this place in Studio City . one bedroom . Nice little yard in the back . a very long beat . Tommy see amber take greg 's hand and hold it . he fixate on that hand for a beat . tries to mask whatever darkness come over he . tommy what about the movie ? the disaster artist - 69 that confuse greg . greg what about it ? i’1l be there Monday . Tommy shake he head , anger building . greg Tommy , just cause I be move out , that do not mean -- Tommy stand abruptly . tommy you do not understand . Tommy look at they , stewing , furious . and walk out of the restaurant in a huff . greg look at amber . uh-oh. CUT to : int hollywood apartment - same greg enter , have carry most of he STUFF out to the car . one more thing leave to do : greg Tommy ? he walk into the bathroom where Tommy be shirtless , stare at he body in the mirror . greg Tommy , we be leave . Tommy say nothing . greg can we at least talk about it ? Tommy continue to admire himself in the mirror . greg try one more time . greg Cause I feel like maybe we should -- and then , without even turn : tommy look at my arm . not bad , yeah . like big strong kid ...? greg be disappointed . greg yeah , man . ( beat ) I all see ya . the disaster artist - 70 Tommy do not even turn around . greg walk out , a little sadden . and only then do Tommy turn , hurt and betrayed and unable to hide it any longer . int bedroom set - another day juliette lie in bed , the cover closely tuck around she naked body as she hair be touch up . documentary Markus film she close - up in the most pervy of way . super : day 44 juliette be clearly a little uncomfortable but she 's make the best of it . until : Tommy step onto set , wear nothing but a sock on he dick . instead of get into bed he start bark at the crew : tommy you . we need more light . and you , help he . you - come too . raphael ! RAPHAEL what be it , Tommy ? tommy this shot be very important . it must look like '' the Titanic . '' RAPHAEL '' the Titanic . '' tommy yes . RAPHAEL trust I , it do . raphael walk off . as more crew gather around , juliette pull the cover up higher . she look to greg - help I . he approach Tommy . greg Tommy , can you — ( hold he script down to cover Tommy 's junk ) be this really necessary ? tommy I have to show my ass or this movie will not sell . sandy well at least have a close set . the disaster artist - 71 tommy close set ? why ? I want everyone to see this . ( then , to greg ) you especially . greg do not know what that mean . meanwhile , Tommy get in bed . juliette tense up . even Tommy can see that . tommy Brad Pitt do this in the legends of the Falls . juliette can we put some music on ? you know , to help the mood . like maybe a alicia key song ? tommy we be not here to promote other people 's work . ( bark at crew ) ok everyone gather closer . and ... action ! he kiss she and she try she best to return the passion . Tommy pull down the sheet to expose she breast , but then he suddenly stop . tommy cut , cut ... this be no good . everyone be confuse . juliette what 's the problem ? Tommy point at juliette 's shoulder . tommy we can not have this on camera . ( snap at make - up ) see all this stuff here ... this pimple and thing . he continue point at she body in front of everyone . juliette be horrify . tommy here and here . and what be this ? greg have rarely see he friend so rude . tommy ( still point ) take this shit out . we can not have this . juliette start to cry . the disaster artist - 72 greg C ’mon man , do you have to say it like that ? tommy this be american movie ! it need to be sexy . she need to be beautiful . she grab the bedsheet and run off . greg can I talk to you ? Tommy , slightly annoyed , walk with greg off to the side away from the other . greg Tommy ... tommy I know . I be a little hard on juliette sometimes . greg it 's not just juliette -- tommy you think stanley kubrick be nice to he actor ? or Alfred hitchcock ? greg think about that . tommy let I tell you something . in that book you give I , about the hitchcock ... there be this movie call '' bird . '' greg yeah , I have see '' the bird . '' tommy when they make this movie , hitchcock would terrorize he actor . lock they in room , throw bird at they , real bird ! nasty stuff . they would cry everyday . ( beat ) that movie win every award . be Mr. hitchcock a bad man ? no . he be great director . the very word '' director , '' it come from the word '' dictator . '' I rest my case . and that strangely make sense to greg . tommy if anyone have reason to be upset , quite frankly it 's I , you know . I give they job . I give they salary . I have spend more than five million dollar on this movie so far -- the disaster artist - 73 greg wait , seriously ? tommy -- and no one be grateful ! no one respects my vision ! I know what they say . I can hear they . no one trust I , greg . not even you . greg I trust you . tommy do you ? and he do . despite everything , he still do . greg I would not still be here if I do not . Tommy nod . put he hand on greg 's shoulder . walk back out to the set . juliette , ever the professional , be back in bed fake it with Tommy . Tommy roll off she , smile . tommy let 's do it again . no one think they need another . sandy take 15 ... Tommy begin to hump juliet . everyone watch . he seem to be thrust into she at a weird angle . sandy he know where she vagina be , right ? why be he fuck she belly button ? Tommy roll off she , smile . tommy cut ... reset . I want more passion . RAPHAEL no , fuck that ! Tommy be stunne by this outburst . RAPHAEL you embarrassed that girl in front of the crew . do it again you be a dead man . tommy what ? RAPHAEL you hear I . the disaster artist - 74 RAPHAEL ok then you be fire . RAPHAEL what ?! raphael want to charge at he . greg hold he back . greg hey , hey . everybody cool out . tommy I hear what you say , you joke -- you ... ( to Sandy ) ++. and you ... ( to the actor ) +.. and you too . all of you ! sandy the hell be you talk about ? tommy where be Markus ?! Markus emerge from behind the scrim . camcorder in hand . he drop it for the moment . tommy no , keep filming . always be filming . ( to the Crew ) this be Markus . I hire he for documentary . '' the make of the room . '' since we lst day he have be filming behind the scene . every nasty comment , every laugh - he see it all . and then I see it . RAPHAEL so what you be say be ... you have be spying on you own production . tommy that 's right ! RAPHAEL that 's fuck crazy . tommy so now you know . the next comment , the next one to laugh - I do not care who you be , you will be out on the street ! everyone look to one another , try to remember what terrible thing they probably say behind Tommy 's back . RAPHAEL so be I fire or not ? the disaster artist - 75 tommy ( beat ) I give you one more chance . RAPHAEL ( unenthusiastic ) terrific . check the gate . crew member check the gate ! Tommy storm off . not even greg know what to do . raphael see Markus 's camera up in he grill . with a threaten look , Markus turn the camera somewhere else . CUT to : ext amber' apartment - front step - night greg nursing a beer , contemplative . a few empty by he side . amber come out , dress for bed . amber you ok ? greg ( nod ) Long day . production be clearly take a toll on he . they both see it . amber when this be over , let 's get out of here . take the money you make , start over somewhere . greg you mean leave LA ? amber why not ? what 's so great about LA ? greg I be a actor . I need to be here . and I can not leave now . thing be finally start to happen . amber you be not talk about '' the room , '' be you ? ( off he look ) greg I read the script . that 's maybe the worst thing anyone have ever write . ever . greg it 's ... unconventional , sure ... the disaster artist - 76 amber no it 's bad . and every night you come home , completely miserable , with a different story of how fuck up everything be on that set . do you really think this be gonna work out for you , greg ? greg do you know how many movie have bad script , troubled production ? Star Wars . jaw . apocalypse now . the shine . and every one of that turn out amazing . amber well this will not , greg . this be not jaw . and Tommy be not stanley kubrick . greg be annoyed by this . greg you do not really know what you be talk about . amber look at greg . his devotion admirable but also maybe a little pathetic . we can see in she face greg 's naivete may be lose its appeal . amber I hope you be right . we hear : '' claudette '' ( overlap ) '' everything go wrong at once ... '' CUT to : angle on tommy private bathroom . raphael come out . he look both way to make sure Tommy do not see he . he totally just take a shit in there . Mission accomplish . CUT to : ext birn & sawyer studio claudette and juliette sit under the light , sweat bullet . they have seemingly be wait a while . super : day 68 greg and the make - up artist fan they down as they continue to rehearse . the disaster artist - 77 carolyn as '' claudette '' '' nobody want to help I . '' ( beat ) '' and I be die . '' juliette as '' lisa '' '' you be not die . '' carolyn as '' claudette '' '' I get the result of the test back . I definitely have breast cancer . '' there 's a commotion and they turn . Tommy have finally show up on set . Sandy look at he watch . sandy he 's here , everybody ! Tommy ignore he , head towards carolyn and juliette . already in a stint . carolyn Tommy , do this come back ? tommy what ...? carolyn the breast cancer . tommy ( beat ) it be twist . carolyn but it never come back ? tommy I do not have time to explain script to you . and what be this ? where be make up ? you look like you just go swim in a lake ? claudette it 's 100 degree in here . juliette can we at least get some water ? tommy honey . do not forget . no one else in Hollywood give you water . juliette react , furious . even greg be surprised by that . claudette ( to greg ) someone 's in a mood today . meanwhile , raphael approach Tommy . the disaster artist - 78 RAPHAEL we need to cut the alley scene . tommy impossible . RAPHAEL no , we have to . we be already four hour behind . tommy and who 's fault be that ? raphael can not believe it . RAPHAEL it 's you fault . you show up three hour late - again . tommy I be the director . RAPHAEL exactly . tommy exactly . raphael just throw up he hand . Tommy keep walk . he turn to the crew , point to some kleig light . tommy why be not this on ? greg Tommy , it 's way too hot for -- tommy it be not too hot . it be not too hot unless I say it 's hot ! at which point , carolyn , the elderly actress play Lisa 's Mom , faint from dehydration . holy fuck ! CUT to : ext birn & sawyer studio later . carolyn have some bottled water and a towel . she 's eat with greg and the rest of the actor at a lunch table . carolyn I be just tired . I have not be sleep well recently . i’1l be fine ... greg study she a beat . the disaster artist - 79 greg can I ask you something ? why do you do it ? ( off she look ) you have get a husband , grand - kid . you live fifty mile out of town . and you be waking up at 5 , drive all this way , for what ? carolyn smile . carolyn we be actor , greg . for you , I , people like we ... even the worst day on a movie set be better than the best day do anything else . greg and the rest of the actor think about that . she 's absolutely right . philip haldiman ( to greg ) can we ask you something ? what 's he deal ? greg Tommy ? scott yeah like where 's he from ? juliette how 's he have all this money ? philip haldiman and what 's the hell be this movie about ? you be the only one who 's read all of it ... greg be about to respond . robyn interrupt . robyn I have a theory . ( beat ) it 's autobiographical . someone in he life be a denny - kid brother , someone he look out for or something . someone else be a Mark , the better look friend he be always jealous of ... greg think about that . robyn continue : robyn I be sure there be a Michelle somewhere . and a Mike . they all think about it . it do make sense . the disaster artist - 80 juliette so then who be Lisa ? who break he heart , stab he in the back , ruin he life ? robyn pretty obvious to I ... ( beat ) the universe . greg shake he head . greg look , Tommy be Tommy . he 's a weird guy , no question . but I x11 tell you this ... every time I underestimate he , every time I think maybe he 's just out of he mind ... somehow , someway , Tommy always come through . ( beat ) you watch . this movie 's gonna make we all famous . that get some laugh . clearly none of they believe it . int canter 's - night greg and amber be on they way out when greg notice someone wait in the front of the restaurant . his eye bug out , holy shit . he lean in , conspiratorially : greg shh . check it out . he gesture with he head , not too subtly . amber look and sure enough - it 's bryan cranston . amber hey I know he . greg yeah no shit , malcolm in the Middle . amber no , I mean ... ( shout ) bryan ! greg 's mouth hit the floor . bryan cranston amber , how 's it go ?! amber so good to see you ! this be my boyfriend , greg . Cranston put out he hand . greg shake it , still in awe . the disaster artist - 81 amber he 's also a actor . bryan cranston oh yeah ? anything I would have see ? greg um , no , I doubt it . a beat of awkward silence . but bryan 's a pro . bryan cranston be you work at the moment ? greg actually , yeah , I be ... shoot this movie ... bryan cranston a movie . Nice ! good for you , man . greg but I would love to do tv someday . sitcom , drama , cop show - I love all that stuff . bryan think about this . bryan cranston funny you should say that ... ( beat ) there 's this scene we be do next week . the boy go miss and hal and lois find they in the wood . we need a lumberjack . you think you could you do that ? greg I ? bryan cranston well you get that beard ... greg that 's ... greg be momentarily take aback . greg Holy shit , I would love to . next week , do you say ? bryan cranston Tuesday and Wednesday . greg amazing ! yes . I be not shoot next week at all . the disaster artist - 82 amber wait , greg. ( beat ) you think Tommy will be cool with this ? greg why would not he ? amber shoot he a look . greg Tommy 's my friend . he will be happy for I . amber say nothing to that . greg turn back to Cranston . greg do I have to do anything ? bryan cranston no , just bring that handsome face of yours . ( beat ) oh , and do not shave . really sell that lumberjack look . greg I can do that ! yes ! thank you . bryan cranston my pleasure . ( to amber ) good to see you , amber . he hug amber goodbye and walk off . greg and amber stand there a beat . greg how do you know bryan Cranston ?! amber pilates . int a dark bedroom - same Tommy , as serious as we have ever see he , kneel down and make the sign of the cross . then he slowly raise a gun to he mouth . for a moment we might think this be real but then Tommy pull the trigger . the prop make a tiny pop sound . angle on greg , watch with the crew . he see Tommy fall over , start flail around on the floor . this go for a long while until he grab Lisa 's red dress from the ground - sandy ( 0.s. ) cur ! Tommy turn to he , shocked . the disaster artist - 83 tommy do not cut ! what be you do ? this be real act ! sandy Tommy , if you plan to writhe around you should probably do it before you blow you brain out , not after . tommy ( beat ) I disagree . Sandy could not care less at this point . RAPHAEL can you at least try to stay in the frame ? tommy that be you problem . and action ! this time Tommy run around , trash the room . glassware and picture frame go fly . he break a mirror . he pull out drawer . he grunt and moan throughout the rampage . he nearly run into Markus , the documentary kid , filming from off to the side . '' johnny '' '' why ? why ? ! '' Tommy writhes around on the floor until he grab the red dress ... which he then repeatedly rub on he crotch . RAPHAEL ( whisper ) be he ... why be he ...? sandy ( have to look away ) oh dear God ... back to tommy . who be very clearly masturbate with the dress . upon finish , he then sniff the soile dress ! eventually he pick up the gun ... '' johnny '' '' God ... forgive I ! '' and pull the trigger ! he fall over and remain motionless . angle on the entire crew . stun silence . no one can believe what they just see . sandy and ... cut ? the disaster artist - 84 Tommy sit up , brushes some lint off he pants . greg take a deep breath . it 's time to ask Tommy for a favor . he approach he , anxiously . greg dude that be amazing ! tommy you think so ? greg totally . so raw and intense . you really bring it , man . seriously . tommy ( sincere ) thank you . Tommy nod to he , be about to walk away . greg hey , uh , listen ... I know it 's last minute but , um ... tommy what be it , greg , I be very busy ? greg well , I know tomorrow be the big beard shave scene -- tommy I know the schedule . greg so I be hope we could move that scene maybe to next week and I could have tomorrow off ... tommy ( cover he face ) why , be you sick ? greg no , I - tommy ( immediately suspicious ) so why you need day off ? greg be not sure he should tell he . have no idea how he 'il react . but he do not want to lie . greg you will not believe this but ... I land a small part on a tv show . malcolm in the Middle . Tommy do not like the sound of this at all . the disaster artist - 85 tommy but you be a movie actor now . why you do this ? greg it 's a big show . great exposure . could be a real boost for my career . Tommy consider for a beat . blank poker face . tommy what do you have to do on this '' malcolm ? '' greg I do not know . ( be : beard ) just have to show up with this I guess . Tommy say nothing . consider greg 's word carefully . greg which be why I can not shave tomorrow . but if you move the schedule just a day or two ... it would really help I out . Tommy think long and hard about it . and he make a decision : tommy I be sorry , greg . I can not help you . greg ( stunne ) what , why ? tommy clean shaven Mark have grand entrance at start of 3rd Act . this be important scene . greg I know it be . but ... we can shoot it next week , can not we ? tommy I be afraid no . be impossible . greg Tommy ... tommy I can not give you special treatment , greg . it would not be not fair to the other . greg can not believe it . by now everyone have stop what they be do to listen . greg C ’mon Tommy , Jesus . I be ask for a favor -- the disaster artist - 86 tommy another favor . all you do be ask favor . greg flinch at that . tommy I give you place to stay , I write part for you , I make this whole movie , greg , for you and for I . and you still want more favor . and this hurt greg . Friends do not do this . but at the same time , it 's kinda true . tommy I be sorry but my answer be no . so you must choose . you do tv show . or you do movie . we movie . greg be furious . all eye be on he . what will he decide ? CUT to : int make - up trailer - moment later greg come in to find amber there . her arm fold . her face unable to mask she disappointment . amber I do not understand you . greg ignore she . sit on the bed , distraught . amber that be you chance to get away from this guy and you do not take it . greg what be I suppose to do ? amber say no ! walk out ! tell he to fuck himself ! greg I can not ... amber yes you can . of course you can . why can not you ? greg Cause he 's ... my friend -- amber sigh deeply . shake she head . and then she say : amber you be so full of shit sometimes , you know that ? the disaster artist - 87 and now he turn to face she . amber this be not about loyalty , or friendship . this be about fear . greg look at she - what be she say ? amber you biggest fear be that you be bad at this . that you would go on to that malcolm set and people would laugh at you . ( beat ) but with Tommy around , that would not happen . it would never happen . Cause there have always be somebody worse . greg do not want to admit it but she 's make sense . amber Tommy be not you friend , greg. ( beat ) he 's you excuse . greg look away , unable to deny it . she squeeze he shoulder , walk past he out of the trailer . he watch she go and in that moment , he know , he 's lose she . we hear : sfx : the buzz of electric clipper . and we be : int birn and sawyer soundstages - bathroom - day greg , demoralize beyond repair , be be shave with a straight razor by Amy . if that be not bad enough , Tommy be behind he , too close , watch every pass of the razor . tommy mmm. slower . do it slower . take you time . and then it 's over . Amy lift greg 's head up so he can see in the mirror . he look in the mirror , a little heartbroken . rack focus to Tommy , right behind he . cheshire grin and all , purposefully ruin he friend 's life . CUT to : int the room set - later Tommy , '' denny , '' and the actor play '' Peter '' stand around in tuxedo . denny inexplicably have a football . the doorbell ring . denny open it and in walk clean - shaven greg . everyone gasp . a '' huge movie moment . '' '' MARK " '' so ... you like it ? '' the disaster artist - 88 '' johnny '' '' you look like a babyface ! '' angle on Sandy who look at raphael who just shake he head . '' denny '' '' so you guy wanna play football ? '' '' everyone '' '' sure. / great . '' '' peter '' '' I do not think so . '' tommy '' come on ... do not be chicken . cheep cheep cheep cheep . '' and everyone join in ... '' everyone '' '' cheep cheep cheep cheep . sandy and .. cut ! Tommy turn to he . tommy do we get it ? sandy oh we get it . no one can believe it . CUT to : ext greg and amber 's apartment - another morning greg wait on a street corner for Tommy . a few moment later a van pull up . super : day 118 Tommy roll down the window , excited . tommy Road trip ! greg be noticeably less enthusiastic . tommy San Francisco here we come . like the old time . Tommy notice greg 's attitude . the disaster artist - 89 tommy what 's the matter , you do not seem excited ? greg let 's just finish this thing . int van - day greg ride with Tommy and a 3 -man crew we have never see . greg who be this guy ? Tommy motion to todd ( 20 , green , fresh out of film school ) . tommy that 's Todd . that 's ... friend of Todd . and that 's ... other friend of Todd . greg be confuse by this . greg where 's Sandy ? Tommy do not want to answer . greg where 's rafael ? tommy it 's over for that guy . greg you fire they ?! Tommy look away . tommy ah forget about they . we do not need they , we have todd now . greg just shake he head . what can he do ? greg so where be we go anyway ...? and now a big smile form on Tommy 's face . greg do not like the look of that . tommy San Francisco baby ! greg oh Christ . CUT to : the disaster artist - 90 int van - same later . driving on the 405 North . Tommy and greg in the back . greg do not engage , just stare out the window . tommy somebody be sad today . can you smile little bit or be it end of the world ? a beat . greg do not want to talk about it with Tommy . tommy be this about you lady friend ? greg I do not want to talk about it . but then a beat later . greg we have hit a rough patch , I guess . I do not know . maybe we just want different thing ... tommy that 's too bad . I always like she ... a beat . tommy I have idea ! let 's do a whole scene in San Francisco . greg what , a new scene ? tommy we can use this emotion ! greg I think we be just shoot exterior . Tommy excitedly grab he laptop and open it . tommy do not worry about this . ( beat , start to type ) so maybe we be in coffee shop . johnny and Mark talk about life and woman . ext fisherman 's wharf - early morning pack with tourist and pricey real estate . todd ( 0.c . ) we make it . the disaster artist - 91 int van - same the van pull up in front of a huge building . greg look closer and see a small sign above the entrance . it read '' STREET fashion USA . '' greg look at Tommy , shocked . greg do you own this building ? ext san francisco STREET - later the crew be walk back to the van . tommy the bridge , alcatraz ... todd we get everything . the whole city . Todd and he Assistant be about to hop in . greg stop Tommy . greg I do not understand . if you own this building , why do not we just shoot here ? tommy ( beat ) script call for green screen . which make absolutely no sense . greg be about to say so when Tommy 's eye fall on a flower shop . tommy I have new idea ! Tommy cross the street , oncoming traffic be damned . Todd look at he two assistant . they shrug and follow . ext flower shop - later scene over , Tommy come back out on the sidewalk , excited . tommy maybe now we shoot scene at the zoo ... he walk ahead of Todd and he crew . greg hang back with they . he hear : todd' assistant it 's almost like he do not want to finish the thing . todd well of course he do not . when this movie end , what 's he gonna do with himself ? the disaster artist - 92 greg absorb that . on he face , as it linger , CUT to : ext polo ground - another day the exact spot they play football year ago . greg know it too . he look at Tommy , wonder the point of all this . tommy now we throw the ball around . like first time . he show Todd where to set up the camera . then he throw the football towards greg . it bounce in the dirt before he . greg ( pick up the ball ) Tommy , what be we do here ? he toss the ball back but Tommy drop it . Tommy pick it up with a new idea . tommy let 's do sing scene . greg what ? tommy Mark want to sing the '' kokomo '' but he 's afraid . so johnny help he . greg yeah I do not think so ... tommy tell the story of you dad . greg realize Tommy be serious . greg I be not do that , Tommy . tommy I must insist . daddy think you embarrass he , no one believe in you , you be not good enough -- greg quickly look towards Todd , see the camera be roll . greg come on , man , I tell you that in confidence . I tell you that as a friend . greg throw the ball back to Tommy who drop it . the disaster artist - 93 tommy movie be emotion . you need to be real for we . greg fuck you Tommy , no -- tommy daddy hate you , mommy think you be a loser ... greg I say no ! greg hurl the ball at Tommy . hard . tommy dammit greg , why you throw this tricky stuff ?! greg you want to be real for the camera , fine . tell I where you be bear ... Tommy quickly look at Todd , still filming . then back to greg . tommy this be not part of scene . Tommy throw the ball back . his discomfort visibly grow . greg where be you from , Tommy ? tommy I tell you we do not talk about this . greg you want a easier one ? ok ... ( beat ) where 's the money come from ? now Tommy be get angry . greg you do not go from sell toy bird to own real estate on lombard Street ? how have you get so much money , huh ? what do you do ? Tommy throw the ball back , hope the camera can not tell how angry he 's become . greg too personal . ok. forget that . just tell I this : ( beat ) how old be you ? the disaster artist - 94 tommy ( a warning ) greg ... greg you want to be real , let 's be real . what year be you bear ? Cause there 's no fuck way you be in you -- and now Tommy explode , run over to greg and leaping on top of he . fist and kick start fly , curse too , as they roll around in the grass . Todd and the crew keep filming . greg I believe in you . I trust you . and for what ? eventually greg shove Tommy off of he and get up . look down at he , hurt and angry . tommy I give you everything ! greg you ruined everything ! greg shake he head . start walk . Tommy call out to he . tommy greg ! greg ignore he . keeps walk . tommy you owe I you life ! greg I do not owe you shit anymore . greg walk off . nothing leave between they now . he mutter to himself . greg and this movie better be awesome ... and with that he 's go . Todd look at Tommy still on the ground , emotionally spend . a beat : todd can we cut ? Tommy look over to he . he forget the camera be roll still . and with that , principal photography on '' the room '' be over . CUT to : the disaster artist - 95 int post - production facility - editing suite greg sit with a gleeful Sandy and a exasperate erica chase , editor of '' the room . '' we hear but do not see what they be watch . " MARK " ( 0.s. ) ( suddenly explode ) " leave you stupid comment in you pocket ! " greg be confuse by what he 's see . greg I do not understand ... erica because it do not make sense . Lisa say she 's " get ready for the party tonight . " then it 's night and there 's no party . then it 's day and she 's still get ready for the party ! sandy and that 's how Tommy want it . greg look at he . what ? Sandy shrug . typical Tommy . greg so be it terrible or just confusing ...? erica look at Sandy . sandy as crazy as the last 6 month have be , and as much as I want to strangle Tommy - this still be not the worst movie I have ever make . ext highland avenue - day greg drive up the street . on the phone with a New agent : new agent ( over ) you be tell I you work on this thing for eight month and get nothing to show for it ? greg believe I , we will be much better off if no one ever -- greg 's eye notice a giant billboard in the Hollywood skyline . to he utter shock , it 's a ad for the room : greg oh fuck . the disaster artist - 96 new agent ( over ) greg ? greg I 'il call you back . greg pull over to the side . he get a better look at the billboard . it 's one of tommy 's headshot , he lip purse , he eye droopy , he whole face angle low as if look down on the pass commuter . the tag line read : '' can you really trust anyone ? '' at the bottom of the billboard be a rsvp hotline . greg , curious , take out he cell , type in the number . int hollywood apartment - same Tommy sit at a desk in a wife -beater . he answer excitedly : tommy I be listen ... int greg 's car - same greg quickly hang up . disbelief . int hollywood apartment - same tommy hello ? hello ? no one be there . Tommy deflate . he hang up the phone . we see he place have be turn into the de facto operation for all thing '' room '' publicity . poster , flier , sticker , etc . we stay with he a beat . this be he whole life now . with no one else in it . he continue what he be do which be insert professional - look invitation into envelope . CUT to : int lobby - greg 's new apartment - same greg open the mailbox downstairs at he new place . he 's get a stack of bill . one postcard stand out in particular . angle on the postcard - '' you & a Guest be invite . '' it 's a invite to the room premiere - below which be a faux review : '' with the passion of tenesse Willaim ! '' ( sic ) - entertainment today . the disaster artist - 97 greg look at it . a beat . he throw it in the trash . CUT to : int community theater - day greg in a scene from Arthur Miller 's '' death of a salesman . '' a smatter of people in the audience . greg try not to be intimidate . " bipf " " no ! nobody 's hang himself , willy ! I run down eleven flight with a pen in my hand today . and suddenly I stop , you hear I ? and in the middle of that office building , do you hear this ? I stop in the middle of that building and I see - the sky . I see the thing that I love in this world . the work and the food and time to sit and smoke . and I look at the pen and say to myself , what the hell be I grab this for ? why be I try to become what I do not want to be ? what be I do in a office , make a contemptuous , begging fool of myself , when all I want be out there , wait for I the minute I say I know who I be ! why can not I say that , willy ? " he 's do he best . and he 's not afraid . ext community theater - later greg emerge , say goodbye to some of he fellow performer , be about to walk to he car when he hear : tommy ( 0.s. ) babyface . greg turn . none too pleased to see Tommy . greg you stalking I now ? tommy you be not so hard to find . behind greg be a poster advertising the play - '' death of a salesman '' star William devane and greg sestero , they head shot prominently feature . greg do you watch the play ? tommy Nah . you know I do not like comedy . greg just shake he head . the disaster artist - 98 tommy so how 's amber ? greg I do not know . ( off Tommy 's surprise ) she move to Austin . it do not work out . tommy I be sorry to hear this . greg that why you be here ? tommy no ... ( beat ) you do not rsvp . to the premiere . greg yeah , I do not think I can make it . sorry . Tommy say nothing . greg be about to walk away . he turn back to Tommy . greg be you sure you even want to do that ? I mean , maybe it 's best to just ... bury the thing . tommy why would you say this ? greg I have see some clip ... tommy oh you do not know what you see . I fire three editor since then ... greg shake he head . of course he do . he start to walk off but Tommy stop he . tommy we make a pact , remember . to never lose sight of we dream . and Friday night they be premiere a movie - we movie - in a real live movie theatre ... greg take that in . in that respect Tommy make a good point . but still , he 's hesitant . tommy I know you do not like I anymore . so do not do this for I . do it for you . you will finally get to see yourself on the big screen . ( beat ) this be you dream too , greg . the disaster artist - 99 and with that Tommy turn and walk away . CUT to : ext greg 's apartment - night greg stand in the very same tuxedo he wear in the film . there 's a strange vibe in the air . maybe not excitement , exactly , but some charge of anticipation , energy . after a beat , a limousine pull up outside he place . there 's no mistake its destination - '' room '' poster have be tape on the door . one of the door open and out pop Tommy . he give greg a big , exuberant bear hug . greg do not return it . his guard still up . tommy can you believe this ? greg sigh . part of he can not believe he 's do this . as they hop in , Tommy hand greg a '' room '' postcard . greg look it over , do not want it . tries to hand it back . tommy it 's ok . I have box of this thing . int limousine - same and Tommy mean that literally . he and greg sit amongst various box of room propaganda . greg you really pull out all the stop tonight . tommy wait till you see . ( beat ) oh . and I have surprise for you . that 's worrisome . CUT to : ext hollywood boulevard - moment later the limo drive down the street . it slow in front of grauman 's chinese theatre where a crowd of people have gather to see '' the matrix : reloaded . '' they turn to see Tommy , pop out of the sunroof . with he strange voice and dark sunglass , he could be a villain from that movie . he yell to the crowd . tommy do not see that ! come see feature movie premiere ! tonight : the room ! you be all invite ! the disaster artist - 100 Tommy start throw t-shirt and postcard to the crowd . and to anyone else on Hollywood boulevard who have no idea what to make of this crazy guy . tommy ( to the driver ) ok , let 's go ! ext laemmle fairfax - same spotlight . Red carpet . Velvet rope . fanfare . exactly what you would expect at a big studio movie premiere . except not a lot of people wait outside . '' Chris - R '' be there with '' denny '' and '' Mike . '' juliette and robyn stand with carolyn minnott and she Salt of the Earth elderly husband . the limo pull up in front . Tommy 's hire photographer begin to snap picture in expectation of Tommy 's exit . int limousine - same greg be about to open the door when a look come over Tommy . tommy ( to the Driver ) drive around the block again . the Driver shoot he a confuse look . tommy we need to build the anticipation . greg roll he eye . typical wiseau . ext laemmle fairfax - same the gather guest be confuse as the limo pull away . int limousine - same it pull up again . Tommy look out the window . still not satisfied . they keep drive . ext laemmle fairfax - same watch the limo drive off again , robyn announce : robyn Tommy wiseau , lady and gentleman . which get a big laugh from the room-mate . the disaster artist - 101 after a few more beat , the limo pull up again and this time it stop . the photographer look at one another , shrug , start take picture . int limousine - same Tommy nod to greg . it 's time . the door open . ext laemmle fairfax - same greg emerge first . everyone cheer and shout for he . and , hearing the cheer and shout , Tommy quickly follow after . he 's ecstatic to hear the cheer increase in volume . tommy hello everybody ! Tommy enthusiastically enter the theatre . greg a lot less so . he 's curious , sure , but he already can not wait for this to be over . int laemmle fairfax - same people have start take they seat . the middle rows have all be reserve for the cast . Tommy wave to anyone and everyone and take a aisle seat . it 's start to dawn on Tommy - this be real , people be about to watch he movie - and it 's beginning to make he nervous . greg sit next to he . no idea really what to expect . the light dim . a laemmle employee step up to the front , hold a microphone . laemmle employee if I can have you attention ... angle on '' denny , '' turn to give Tommy a big thumb . it do not appear to calm Tommy 's nerve . laemmle employee please welcome the writer / director / producer / and star of tonight 's ... ( look at he note ) -.. '' extravaganza . '' Mr. Tommy wizz , Wise , wisso ? Tommy stand amongst the cheer and catcall of he guest . he now look fuck terrify . sweat pour down face and neck . his hand shake as he grab the mic . he look out on the crowd - juliette , carolyn , robyn , Sandy , the whole cast . the disaster artist - 102 he look at greg . a long , long look at greg . and then , fight back , tear , finally he speak : tommy this be my movie . this be my life . ( beat ) I hope you learn something ... and discover yourself . he make the '' hang -loose '' sign above he head . tommy be cool . and with that , he walk back to he seat . greg put he hand on Tommy 's shoulder and squeeze . no matter what the movie be , greg be legitimately proud of Tommy at this moment . Tommy put he hand on greg 's hand in a gesture of thanks . tommy I be happy you be here . greg nod . not give Tommy anything more than that . the light go down and everyone clap - the movie be about to begin . angle on the screen : the logo for wiseau film . it get the requisite applause . Tommy raise he arm in the air . his shine moment . and then come a second logo for wiseau film . this be meet with confusion , mostly . Sandy roll he eye . then some polite applause . and now come the open credit . Dramatic music over random shot of San Francisco . more loud applause . greg just shake he head - '' wait . '' credit end '' the room '' and out come Tommy as '' johnny . '' here be he first line : '' johnny '' '' hi babe ! '' ( singsong ) '' I have something for youuu . '' '' lisa " '' what be it ?! '' '' Lisa '' excitedly try to wrestle it from behind '' johnny 's '' back . eventually he give it to she . a box . she open it to reveal '' sexy red lingerie . '' the disaster artist - 103 angle on greg , mortify . back on screen : '' Lisa '' re-enter the room in the lingerie . '' johnny '' like what he see . '' johnny '' '' wow you look so sexy , Lisa . I would do anything for my girl . '' at which point , '' denny '' enter the room . this be apparently not weird at all . '' johnny '' '' oh hi denny . '' '' denny '' ( inappropriately ogling ) '' wow look at you ! '' '' johnny '' '' anything for my princess . '' angle on Philip haldiman . he just shrug . back on screen : '' the room '' '' denny '' eat he apple downstairs while , upstairs , '' Lisa '' and '' johnny '' begin they foreplay . a few beat of this and then '' denny , '' surprising they both , join in on the fun ! angle on amber . she look at greg. wow . he do not return she gaze . back on screen : '' johnny '' '' denny , two 's great . but three a crowd . '' denny get the message . '' johnny '' '' bye denny . '' and denny leave . the music change to what Tommy think be sultry and arouse . '' johnny '' and '' Lisa '' begin to make out . angle on juliette , hide she face . robyn put she arm around she . enjoy themselves , not yet demoralize . back on screen : the disaster artist - 104 '' the room '' '' johnny '' have sex with '' Lisa '' as only he can . in she belly button . angle on the audience . many now start trading crazy look like '' what the hell be we watch ? '' many other fidget in they chair . you can feel it grow . greg be obviously slinking down in he chair from embarrassment . CUT to : angle on screen '' the room '' int flower shop '' johnny '' enter a flower shop . florist '' can I help you ? '' '' johnny '' '' yeah can I have a dozen red rose ? '' florist '' oh hi johnny . I do not know it be you . here you go . '' '' johnny '' '' it 's I . how much be it ? '' florist '' it will be 18 dollar . '' '' johnny '' '' here you go . keep the change . '' ( he pet a dog ) '' hi doggie ! '' florist '' thanks . you be my favorite customer . '' angle on the audience . uncomfortable fidget , several member try desperately not to laugh out loud . meanwhile , Tommy watch intently . still reveling in he masterpiece . back on screen '' the room '' Lisa 's Mom '' claudette '' across from '' Lisa . '' '' claudette '' '' nobody want to help I . and I be die . '' the disaster artist - 105 '' lisa '' '' you be not die . '' '' claudette '' '' I get the result of the test back . I definitely have breast cancer . '' angle on carolyn and she husband . he squeeze she hand , proud . angle on screen . '' the room '' and the movie 's most famous scene . '' johnny '' and '' Lisa '' have it out . '' johnny '' '' I could not go on without you Lisa . '' '' lisa '' '' you be scare I . '' '' johnny '' '' I do not hit you . you be lie ! '' he take a deep breath and , in he best James Dean impression , shout to the heaven : '' johnny '' '' you're tearing I apart lisa ! '' angle on the audience . the tittering a little louder now . a few audience member now outwardly laugh ... CUT to : angle on screen '' the room '' '' Chris - R '' threaten to kill '' denny '' before '' johnny '' and '' Mark '' show up to rescue he . and then , just as quickly , '' Lisa '' and '' claudette '' be there too . '' denny '' '' I owe he some money . '' '' lisa '' '' what kind of money ? '' angle on robyn , she laugh out loud at this line . '' claudette '' '' what do you need money for ? '' the disaster artist - 106 '' lisa '' ( to her Mom ) '' Mom please ! denny be with I and johnny . '' which get more laugh from the crowd . the laugh be grow in volume . audience member get more and more comfortable laugh at this piece of shit . even juliette be now enjoy herself . angle on greg , not expect this . he too look like he might join in the fun . but he turn towards Tommy -- angle on tommy , start to realize this be not turn out how he expect . greg see it on Tommy 's face - it 's like he 's be punch in the gut . this be not good ... angle on screen '' the room '' '' johnny '' and '' Mark '' on the rooftop . we see this one be film earlier but cut together , it 's even more incredible . '' johnny '' '' it 's not true . I do not hit she . it 's bullshit . I do not hit she . I do naaht . '' ( beat ) '' oh hi Mark . '' everyone have by now lose they collective shit . they hoot and holler , genuinely have fun at the ridiculousness . Tommy be seemingly the only silent person in the theatre . angle on greg , still look at Tommy . what be suppose to be the best night of he life have turn into maybe the worst . Tommy stare straight ahead . the laughter like dagger . CUT to : angle on screen '' the room '' the big clean shaven reveal . greg come through the door . '' MARK " '' so ... you like it ? '' '' johnny '' '' you look like a babyface ! '' the disaster artist - 107 angle on greg in the audience , remember this moment and all that come after . and then back on screen : '' denny '' '' you guy wanna play football ? '' '' everyone '' '' sure. / great . '' '' peter '' '' I do not think so . '' tommy '' come on ... do not be chicken . cheep cheep cheep cheep . '' and everyone join in ... '' everyone '' '' cheep cheep cheep cheep . '' all of which be meet with loud laughter and big applause . Tommy look to be on the verge of tear . it 's heartbreaking . he can not take anymore . he stand and walk out , not want anyone to see he lose it . greg see this . and yeah he 's definitely still harbor that ill will towards Tommy but , fuck man , nobody deserve this . he decide to go after he . CUT to : int movie theatre - lobby - same Tommy have to lean against a wall to keep from fall apart . greg come out and see he . tommy they hate it . greg no , Tommy , they be ... greg do not really know what to say . greg they be just laugh . tommy they be laugh at 'mee . Tommy start to get emotional . tommy maybe everyone right , greg . maybe it 's true . I be a joke . greg Tommy ... the disaster artist - 108 Tommy be lower than greg or any of we have ever see to this point . it break greg 's heart . greg hey , listen to I . that thing up there . that 's you movie , man . you make it - you - all by yourself . do you know how special that be ? it 's incredible . how many people get to say they do something like that ? Tommy be start to slowly come around to greg 's point of view . greg and , yeah , ok , maybe it do not turn out exactly as you hope . but listen for a second . do you hear that ? come with I ... greg pull Tommy back towards the entrance . he open the door . they walk back in : int . movie theatre - same stand in the back , Tommy and greg witness : angle on the audience , everyone be still laugh , in fact it 's louder now . people go crazy . greg look how much fun they be have . they be fuck loving it , Tommy . this be what it 's all about . Tommy be still conflict . but maybe greg make a good point . greg how many time you think hitchcock get this kind of response ? tommy never . greg that 's right . but you do . and now Tommy be really come around . greg reach out , touch Tommy on the shoulder . a gesture that surprise Tommy . he look up at greg , he old friend . greg look at he with respect and admiration . with love for he friend again . they stand there and watch : angle on screen the disaster artist - 109 '' the room '' '' johnny '' decide to commit suicide . but first he writhes on the ground , hump the red dress , fumble with the gun , and , only then , put it in he mouth and pull the trigger . CUT to : greg and tommy as the audience start shouting '' do it ! do it ! '' greg look at Tommy . he see a small smile cross he face . and he know - he 's get through to he . they can both enjoy this now . CUT to : angle on screen '' johnny '' lie there dead - with '' denny '' and '' Lisa '' now also '' Mark '' again hover above he - the final fade out be meet with stunned silence . angle on greg and tommy a beat between they . neither one sure how the audience will react now . and then rapturous applause . Tommy look at greg . take off he sunglass . a big smile on he face now . all around he , everyone be stand , cheer , applaud he movie . people seem legitimately enthusiastic about '' the room . '' his dream come true - if not exactly as he intend . he nod to greg . greg nod back . Friends again . and then , in a instant , he start jogging up to the front , he arm raise over he head in triumph . the adulation only grow as he 's hand a microphone , head up to the stage . tommy so I be glad you like my ... comedic movie ! everyone applaud . greg laugh to himself at that . tommy as everybody know , I make this movie completely by myself . people say '' Tommy you crazy '' but I say '' yeah so what ? my vision , my money , you must believe in yourself . the disaster artist - 110 a beat . and Tommy grow somber . tommy I must be honest . there be time when maybe I do not believe . but I have friend - I have best friend . and he believe in I . Tommy look at greg . a nice moment . tommy this movie never happen without my best friend greg . come on up , babyface ! greg smile , a little embarrassed but also appreciative . he walk up on stage . give Tommy a hug . Tommy step aside . let greg bask in the spotlight , the audience cheer he loudly . after a beat , Tommy join he . leans into the mic : tommy now who 's ready for after party ?! and on the cheer of the crowd , fade up music and over this image , we see : super : '' the room be release in 1 theatre on June 27 , 2003 . '' '' Tommy pay to keep it there for two week - in a effort to qualify for the Academy Award . '' '' though exact figure remain confidential , its production budget be alleged to have exceed 6 million dollar . '' '' it gross $ 1,800 on its open weekend . '' CUT to : real footage : sold out crowd around the world today , all enjoying '' the room '' super : '' it have since turn a profit . '' CUT to : real footage : Tommy be a celebrity at this event . shake hand , signing autograph , be hugge . super : '' Tommy wiseau_and greg sestero continue to write , act , and produce - separately . '' real footage : Tommy 's YouTube channel . greg talk to reporter . Tommy give a interview . greg at a book sing . and , finally ... CUT to : the disaster artist - 111 over black . super : '' they be best know for '' the room . '' fade to black :