" the Village " the Woods by M. night shyamalan int . hilltop - noon one might describe the scene as beautiful , if one could get by the child 's ~ coffin . a wooden sign in the dirt read . '' here lie danie ] nicholson . belove by all . die October 3 , 1897 '' a wilting man in he late forty sit on the grass next to the , much too small box . : man ( smile ) who will plague I with question now ?... who will pinch I to wake I up ? who will jaugh at I when I fall ? ( voice crack ) who 's breath will I 'listen to so that ] may sleep ? who 's hand will I hold , so that I may walk ? the wilting man 's face tremble . behind he , a respectful thirty foot away , stand a group of about sixty people , equally still . CUT to : ext . supper table ~ afternoon a enormous handmade wooden table sit in the center of a small village of log cabin . all sixty member of the village be seat for the meal . the woman wear bonnet . the man have they farmer 's shirt roll up at the sleeve . pe po ! aman in he late forty stand . he have the eye of a child ; innocent and '' pure . this be edward WALKER . WALKER we come here to start anew - _ beat . eye look up one by one . Edward Walker stand silently , appear suddenly overwhelm . a hand reach up and squeeze he arm . Edward Walker look down to the wilting man we see earlier . they look at each other quietly . ' Walker turn back to the table . WALKER we come here to start anew . we be grateful for the time we have be give . Walker sit . Movement begin across the table as hand begin to pass bread & and corn and meat and then we hear it . the SOUND carry through the AIR and bleed into the village . it come from the wood . scream . it be not human . all movement at the table stop , except for a tall boy at the end of the table . he be barely in he twenty . he be mentally handicapped . he start clap wildly . everyone else sit uncomfortably still . no expression on they face . they wait . '' then the scream slowly start to move away . the boy 's clap slow and then stop as well . the happiness trickle from he face . the rest of the table wait till the last of the nonhuman scream have move _ away . and then quietly hand start reach across the table again . CUT to : ext . water pump —- late afternoon a group of women. and girl be wash and drying the wooden bowl and plate at a hand water pump that stand in the ground . a strong older woman pump the handle . burst of water spurt out from the pump 's mouth . two girl be hold bowl under the water . one girl get splash by the other . they both start laugh . the older woman make a disapprove noise with she mouth . the girl look over , nod and return to wash the bowl ; little grin on they little face . CUT to : ext . porch — late afternoon two young woman sweep the porch of a cabin . one of the young woman '' start mimick the other 's movement . they begin to sweep in synch . they both begin to smile as they sweep . they begin to move around the porch like dancer . they be giggle stop as one spot something . they both stop dance . they look down at the base of the post that hold the porch roof up . there be two red wildflowers peek out from the fist full of weed . they bend down quickly and yank the red wildflower out . they move off the porch and kneel down in the dirt next to the porch . they use they hand to dig a small hole in the dirt . they put the crush red wildflower into the hole and methodically bury it . the two young woman stand , jook around , and wipe themselves off before return to the porch and pick up the broom again . CUT to : ext . courtyard bell - late afternoon a medium size brass bell hang from a wooden t-post . a hand reach out and take hold of the rope that dangle from its side . the hand pull once strong and hard . CUT to : ext . storage cabin — late afternoon Men stow away farm equipment . hoe and sickle be stack neatly in pile . along bell toll . the man stop work . they put down they tool where they stand . one man jeans into the storage cabin to tell that inside . man drill bell . CUT to : ext . water pump —- late afternoon the older woman usher the girl into a orderly jine as they leave the area of the water pump . dirty dish be leave on the ground . CUT to : ext . cluster of cabin - late afternoon '' we see the courtyard . there be cluster of cabin on every side . we watch as one by one everyone in the courtyard and everyone come in from the field , disappear into different cabin like ant retreate into ant hole . CUT to : int . cabin — late afternoon we be in someone 's home . a group of about eight woman and child walk in through the front door . they move to the back of the small cabin where a woman reach down and pull on a handle in the floor . . . . lut to : | int . different cabin — late afternoon we be in another - two-room cabin . a group of man wait they turn as each man climb into the trap door in the floor . when the last be in . the final man reach up and bring down the trap door , close they all in . CUT to : int . underground room - late afternoon a collection of two man , four woman and three child be huddle together i in a four by eight space in the ground . the adult have to sit down to fit in this space . a thin strip of light fall on the face from the seam in the trap door . all we hear be the nine of they breathe . they eye all stare at the crack of light . a child cough . a woman reach over a couple body and pat the cough child on he back . the child settles . they all return to stare at the light . beat . the brass bell sound again . the two man reach up and open the trap door . light pour in . one by one , they all climb out of the four by eight space in the ground . CUT to : int . family cabin - late afternoon the man , woman and three child walk out into the afternoon light . one woman immediately grab a broom and continue clean the porch . the community return to do they chore . CUT to : ext . cabin —- night we be in the darkness , jook into the light of a cabin window . we see a child 's bedroom - a small bed - a small wooden desk . on the child 's desk there be nothing . the wilting man lay curl up on the little bed . he stare out with red eye . CUT to : ext . cabin — night in another cabin we see a woman pour water from a jug into a large white bowl by the side of the bed . we see she speak to she husband who sit read in bed . she jeans over and begin wash she face with the water in the bowl . CUT to : ext . cabin — night Three child kneel and pray by they bedside . they parent begin blow out the oil lamp in they room . CUT to : ext . tower — night a young man blow he nose into a handkerchief . he wipe he face and resume stand . his eye gaze down quietly . the orange light from the torch lit next to he , flicker on he face . he be stand on a platform , thirty foot in the air . it be a tower on the edge of this community . he be keep guard . arm fold , he stare at the darken wood . . CUT to : ext . school house — morning a group of child carry cloth bag with book in they , crowd around something in the dirt . Edward Walker move through the tiny gather . WALKER what manner of spectacle have catch you attention so splendidly ? I ought to carry it in my pocket to help I teach . Edward Walker part the final layer of titillate child . he stare down at the thing on the ground . beat . his expression become grave . WALKER who come upon this ? jt take a moment before a little boy step forward . his eye never look up . WALKER Philip , do you move this ? philip shake he head , '' no . '' everyone watch Walker who turn and look down again quietly . itis hard for US to see throuh all the tiny legs and feet of the child . there be something dark and moist lying in the dirt . CUT to : int . classroom - morning the classroom be overcome by whisper . Walker use chalk to write the date , '' October 5 , 1897 '' on a gray slate board frame in wood . he turn to the child who range in age from seven to twelve . WALKER okay , let 's have it . what delicious conclusion have you come to ? thin boy a animal God create be slain . WALKER Donald , please , try to speak plainly . it disturb you mother , when you speak so darkly . everything need not be say with such drama . another hand shoot up . WALKER marybeth . marybeth ] inspect it carefully . its head be twisted back and much of its fur be remove . WALKER I see . donald 's jt be murder . now the child become quiet . WALKER so who be the culprit ? who have do this heinous act ? beat . mary | that we do not speak of , kill it . WALKER and there it be . coe ee eee ( beat ) why would such a notion enter you head ? | twelve -year old boy that we do not speak of , eat smaller animal . brown eyed girl that we do not speak of have claw . WALKER Children ... that we do not speak of have not breach we border for many year . we do not go into they wood and they do not come into we valley . we do not threaten they . why would they do this ? donald it be a warning of the doom to come . ' WALKER ( stern ) Donald . Walker gaze out at the classroom of concerned child , WALKER be it possible , in you haste , you have miss the simple explanation ? that this small animal be slain by a slightly larger animal like a fox , and that this say fox carry it into we village.to avoid other scavenger from come and eat he prize . and when we village awoke and start its morning business , the fox be scared off and leave its prize for we to find . ( beat ) I can not say if that 's what really happen , but it 's certainly more reasonable to think that , than something ... unprecedented . mary I do see two fox on the hill yesterday . WALKER do anyone have further question pertain to we immediate doom ? Walker wink at Donald . no one raise they hand . ' Walker watch the image of the fox scamper through the mind of the WALKER then if it be agreeable , let we begin we study . one by one , the child reach into they cloth bag and retrieve they notebook . oe CUT to : int : meeting hall - afternoon we be 'in one of the large cabin . wooden chair be scattered throughout . this be some sort of gather place . twelve of the chair have be bring together in a circle . twelve of the oldest member of the village be seat in the chair . the wilting man and Edward Walker be among they . fidgety woman we ought not to overlook the Flight of the bird . we do not have it last year and I for one miss it desperately . I know tabitha miss the child dress in feather and such . a small , gentle woman with she hair tie back , look up . tabitha sit to Edward Walker 's side . tabitha lam fond of it . the two woman slowly turn to Edward . edward I do not have a say in this matter . August nicholson be chair of today 's meeting . all eye tum to the wilting man , august nicholson . he appear exhaust . August nod as he shuffles the papers in he hand . august the Flight of the bird will be return to this year 's fall Festival . the group.nod quietly . fidgety woman let we speak of food then . there js a knock at the far end of the room . all attention move in that direction . another man in he mid forty step in . he carry a tiny smile , he eyebrow be raise . man there be a young man who have request a word with the elder . the group look to one another . this be unusual . august do have he come forward . the man with the raise eyebrow step out . beat . the door stay still fora moment , and then it open . a sinewy young man in he twenty step in . his deep - set brow and dark green eye never look up as he walk forward to the group . there be many glance to a pretty elder in she forty . Edward look to she as well . she stare back with the identical dark green eye as the boy . she shake she head slightly ; she do not know why he 's here . the young man slow to a stop a few foot from they . his hand bring a paper up . he begin to read carefully . GREEN eye my mother be unaware of the reason for my visit today . she do not give she consent or consult I in any form . the woman with green eye move forward in she seat without know it . GREEN eye _ T have spend all but my first year in this village . it be all that 1 know . it be a bless place , this village . we day be fill with love and compassion and joy . his green eye flick up , just for a moment ... he return to the paper . GREEN eye but there be also some suffer and fear . the pass of little Daniel nicholson from illness - August nicholson go still . GREEN eye - and other event have weight on my thought . we have be teach of the greed and corruption that exist in the town . and the countless waste life center on the exchange of money there . but we have also be teach about they fascination with science and machine and medicine . ) GREEN eye could they have rescue Daniel from he terrible illness ? ( beat ) I ask permission to cross into the forbidden wood and travel to the nearest town . I will gather new medicine and information of what have happen in the world , and I will return . beat . Lee a _. ... GREEN eye -- 2= -= - : with regards to that we do not speak of , I be but a single person , J be not a threat to they , I be certain they will let I pass . ( beat ) creature can sense emotion _ and fear . they will see ] be pure of intention and not afraid . the end . the young man with green eye lower he hand with the paper and stare at the group . no one move at first . Edward Walker begin to smile . WALKER ( soft ) lucius hunt , that be the most I have hear you speak in many year combine . the young man with green eye stand quietly before the group . CUT to : _int . cabin - night the pretty woman with green eye sit on the edge of she bed in she night robe . she hear she son descend the ladder from the loft space he life in . alice hunt watch he through she bedroom doorway . / alice what go on in that head of . yours ? lucius turn to face she . alice say something lucius . beat . lucius stare . lucius . ( soft ) finton coin be in the Tower . I promise to sit with he . Alice lie back in she bed . she pull the cover over herself . she gaze at she son from the pillow . alice why do you not tell I what you feel ? I do not know if you think about love . I do not know what you dream be . when you stand today , you speak in such a gentlemanly manner . I scarcely recognize you . her eye close . alice how can a mother fail to recognize she son ? tell I . tell I that ... lucius watch he mother become quiet . her breathe become steady and soft . lucius walk into she room and take the quilt from the rock chair and gently place it over he mother 's sleep shoulder . he whisper in she ear . lucius ido think about love . lucius walk out of he mother 's room and exit the cabin quietly . CUT to : ext . tower — night finton coin be a skinny boy with big curly hair . he be on the platform — tonight , thirty foot in the air . . the trap door open as lucius climb up . finton immediately relax . finton do anyone see you approach ? lucius shake he head , '' no . '' finton I see christop crane sniff around . he suspect something . he have announce , more than once , in my presence that only one man should hold post in the tower each night . why would he say such a thing if he do not suspect ? what a wretch he be ? be it so bad to be a trifle timid ? finton be you sure you be not '' detect ? lucius shake he head again , '' no '' as he take he seat in the corner . beat . finton and I share a portion of my chicken with he not two day ago . a fine , tender piece . the two young man fall into silence ; one sit , one stand . and then out of the silence - . : luctus do you ever think of the town finton ? finton turn to the sound of lucius 's voice , finton the town ? what for ? they be wick place where wick people live , that 's all . finton do not notice the expression on lucius 's face as he sit in the shadow . finton shrug he shoulder and return to look out . beat . finton ( soft ) I do hope no one see you . CUT to : ext . apple orchard - day along the hilltop run a group of twenty apple tree ; they branch burst with deep red picking . on the ground near the tree be basket fill with apple . a few be topple over . stand in a tight group a few foot from the abandon basket be a group of woman . the same quiet fearful expression on they face . they stare at something at the base of a tree . we can not see what it be , but we can hear the fly buz around its dead carcass . alice ( o.s ) ' we understand the depth of you worry , but you need not be alarmed . wae weet nisin senior nee CUT to : int . meeting hall - afternoon es } every member of the village be jamme into this little building . the elder 8 be stand towards the front of the room . Alice hunt 's green eye look compassionately over the gather . alice what we seem to have amongst we , be a scavenger of some type . most likely a coyote or wolf . it 's manner of kill and remove the fur , but leave the flesh tear may be a sign that the animal may suffer from _ madness . a uncomfortable murmur flutter in the meeting room . alice / for the next fortnight we should be vigilant for sighting of this coyote . keep careful watch over the little one as they play on the hill . ( lower voice ) . as for the other notion ... we do not believe we boundary have be breach : that we do not speak of be much larger creature than coyote . we .would know if they have be here . CUT to : ext . courtyard — afternoon we pick up Edward Walker as he leave the meeting hall with the rest of the congregation . a young woman in she early twenty catch up to he . she have a round attractive face . she be the lively sort . she practically bounce to he side . girl it 's frightful , this business with the coyote , be it not pappa ? WALKER do not fee ] worried Kitty ? kitty you be not troubled ? '' WALKER Tam certain it will all end soon . kitty can we speak on other matter then ? 20 WALKER it would be a relief . kitty WALKER take he arm and whisper in he ear as they walk . kitty jam in love . he look at he daughter as they tum the comer onto a path where they be alone . Kitty beam at he side . WALKER ihave great reverence for the word ' jove 's Kitty . it should not be throw about lightly . it be the great force on this earth . kitty this feeling be so strong , it can be nothing else pappa . WALKER I see . kitty you do not believe I . WALKER I ] have no judgment yet . kitty it must have be bubbling inside I for a long time , for it come burst forth not three day ago . J have think of nothing since . Edward nod he head . 21 WALKER ' burt forth 's be it ? kitty I realize since I be the eldest ‘of you child and since you be stricken with five girl and no boy , I decide to act as if ] be the son and ask you permission . WALKER - I must correct you on the word ' stricken 's . I would not trade any one of my five daughter for a hundred of the finest boy . so now , what be it you be ask permission for ? _ kitty I would like permission to marry , pappa . WALKER there be .a proper manner in which this thing be to happen . such as the boy would normally be stand next to you at a moment such as this . where be the boy in all of this Kitty ? | kitty - J have not speak to he as of yet . now Edward stop walk . WALKER the young man be unaware of you intention ? . kitty . he have a quiet way . I be go to talk with he , but ] want you blessing papa . I wont talk with he without you blessing . : Edward start walk again . WALKER Kitty - kitty it 's lucius hunt . = ) % van : - lucius ? . Kitty see the expression on she father 's face . kitty you think badly of he ? WALKER | no , no ... I have just be think on he recently . Kitty 's face return to beam . kitty he 's not like the other boy . he do not joke and bounce about . WALKER @ he certainly do not : qo -. 23 kitty : do I have you blessing then ? he look down at he eldest daughter . he nod , '' yes . '' she hug he tight as they come to a stop in the far end of the courtyard at the base of the medium size town bell . WALKER do I one favor first Kitty . do _ hot tell anyone else of you ' bursting 's until you have speak with the young man . Kitty nod earnestly . beat . Edward Walker get lose in he thought again . kitty ( whisper ) papa , something do trouble you ? / | Edward look down and see the concern in he daughter 's eye . beat . he then reach up and pull long and hard on the rope that toll the brass bell . we see in the background everyone stop what they be do and begin walk in line towards the cabin . we watch as people walk in from the stream and from the orchard . they disappear quietly into the cabin . CUT to : ext . field —- afternoon lucius stand at the edge of a field of crop . he methodically remove the clump of dirt from the prong of the tool he 's use on the soil that day . 24 . - kitty ip ? : good afternoon lucius . lucius 's hand stop they work . he turn and look over he shoulder at the young woman that stand before he . she rise on she tip -toe and return to earth again . lucius never let go of he tool . he nod hello to she . kitty I want to tell you something . . | lucius stare . kitty my goodness , my heart be pound so fast , I think I may - faint right on this spot ... you have probably catch I course , before I fall . oes lucius continue to stare . q ? kitty see as you be of age ... and see as I be of age ... and . see as we get along so well like this ... a think enter my head that may have enter you head as well . lucius blink he green eye . Kitty take this .as a positive gesture and smile sweetly . kitty ( soft ) J love you lucius . I love you like the day be long . I love you more than the sun and moon together . and if you feel the same way , we. should not hide wv it any longer . it 's a gift , love be . . 25 kitty we should be thankful . we should bellow it with all the breath in we lung , '' thank you ! thank you ! thank you ! 's Kitty finish she flurry by rise up on the tip of she toe and return to earth again . lucius stare . CUT to : int . WALKER cabin - night Kitty i be wail . Edward carry he youngest daughter in he arm as he petite wife hold they next two youngest on they jap . they watch with concern as Kitty cry loudly from she bedroom Kitty be be consol by she close sister . Kitty have she head in she sister 's lap . ivy WALKER stroke the hair of she older sister gently . ivy be thin , almost too thin . her long blond hair fall over she sharp strike face . she wipe the tear from she sister 's cheek . beat . ivy begin to sing sofily . ivy ( sing ) why be you sorrowful , why do you weep ? why do you ask I to rock you to sleep ? could you but see thro '. this world 's vale of tear ... Edward and tabitha Walker hold they three youngest girl and listen quietly from the other room . _ ' 26 ivy ( sing ) '' Light would you sorrow be , harmless you fear , all that _ seem darkness to you would be light , all would be sunshine where now be but night ... '' ivy wipe the last tear from she sister 's face . ivy 's voice fill the cabin and wrap they all like a blanket . CUT to : int . august nicholson 's cabin — night lucius knock on the half open door with he elbow . he wait a moment and push the door open . lucius carry a large pile of firewood in he arm as he step into the cabin . , he see the wilting man , August nicholson , sleep in a chair . lucius move to the hearth . some of the kindling fall off the pile onto the floor . August stir awake . he see lucius kneel with the wood . august you be very kind . lucius nod . august you must pardon my manners . thave not sleep in many night . lucius nod again and start make a pile next to the hearth . beat . august ( 0.s. ) - like a dog can smell you . lucius turn . August have he eye close . beat . :27 lucius do you say something Mr. nicholson ? August do not reply . he be fast asleep in the chair . lucius retum to the pile . he transfer the last of the firewood from he arm . august ( 0.s. ) - you may run from sorrow . as we have . sorrow will find you . ' lucius turn to see August , eye open this time , stare into the corner of the cabin . : august it can smell you . lucius follow the elder 's gaze to the corrier of the room where a wooden black BOX , one foot by one foot , sit on a'table all by itself . lucius turn back to August . august ( reverent ) there be pastery with cream in they . lucius watch as August nicholson 's eye slowly close again . beat . lucius rise to he foot . he walk across the cabin to the door . august ( 0.s. ) - my wife and I , we use to throw dinner party . ° lucius look back . August stare sleepily at he . August 's word be so soft , the crackle of the fire almost cover they . g 28 august ( quiet ) - in town . ( beat ) we serve pastery with cream in they . lucius wait till August be asleep again . the young man 's green eye stare quietly at the wilting man . CUT to : ext . border — night we be at the edge of the village . yellow cloth flag be attach to the tree that create the natural border between the grassy slope and the wood . the yellow flag and torch light lamp curve into the distance as far as one can see . a fifteen - year old boy in overall stand on a stump - right at the edge of the grass . his back be to the wood . his arm outstretch at he side . his body make the form of the crucifix . he be tremble . young man ( o.s . ) he have tear in he eye , christop . a group of young man be huddle behind a rock ten foot down the slope and watch the fifteen - year old stand on the stump . christop.crane be a thin , tall , very neatly comb young man . christop he 's do capitol . just a few more moment ... the young man fight each other for the best view . q ) 29 christop do not jostle about so . you will ruin my shirt . the fifteen - year old 's eye be fill with water . he 's strain to hold up he arm . . - we be in the darkness of the wood . we be behind the boy . we see the silohuette of he slight figure stand on the tree stump . the boy make a noise — a a slight whimper . a noise be heard from the wood . the boy stiffen . he whisper out to the boy behind the rock . boy on stump ( loud whisper ) . they make a sound when I make a sound . they mimic before they attack . christop pop he head out . christop ( loud whisper ) that 's a wife tale . it be not true . do not falter ... a few moment more . a branch snap in the wood . the fifteen - year old 's eye flick up . all the head from behind the rock peek out . the boy listen desperately . he want to look behind , but he do not . there be noise in the wood . the SOUND of leave be crunched . the boy begin to shake . a large branch snap . the fifteen - year old let out a SMALL squeal as he lower he arm and jump from the stump . he start run . . he run past the young man hide behind the rock . as he do ; they start run too . everyone evacuate in a hurry . they all start racing down the slope back to the FIRE light flickering in the distance from the village . CUT to : int . village couryard — night the gang of young man , be move at a fast walk through the courtyard , try to catch they breath . the fifteen - year old walk in the center receive various pat on the back . his face be still ashen . the group walk by a contemplative lucius . he do not look up as they pass in a flurry of youthful conversation . lucius move silently in the opposite direction , the weight on he shoulder , almost visible . CUT to : ext . schoolyard field - day the mentally handicapped young man we see clap at the supper table be 's wrestle in the dirt with two young man who try to restrain he . he be strong and quick . the two young man end up in the dirt over and over as the mentally handicapped young man slip they and throw they down . the child watch the dust and dirt kick up as the three continue scuffling . CUT to : °31 ext . schoolhouse - day a trail of dark blood run down the forehead of a hysterical child . Kitty gently escort he off the playground . they pass ivy seat on . a bench that overlook the back of the schoolyard . ' Kitty speak over she shoulder as she climb the step into the school building . kitty . noah ought to be punish . he wack little Joseph with a stick again . ivy nod . Kitty and joseph disappear into the school building .. ivy take hold of the wooden cane lie next to she . she rise from the bench . she move towards the noise of the playground : the wooden cane move deftly back and forth in front of she . her striking blind eye focus on nothing . CUT to : ext . schoolyard — day the wrestle have get fierce . noah percy be almost pin when he suddenly throw they and frees himself . the two young man immediately go for he leg . ivy noah percy , stop you fussing right this moment . noah stop and stare at ivy . the two young man on the ground stop . they realize they be hold each other 's leg . p 32 noah stand as the two young man lie on the ground . noah smile sweetly at ivy . CUT to : ext . quiet room —- day a heavy jock be undone . the tall wooden door swing open . we look into a - smal ] cabin . it have only one room . it have a wooden chair in the center . a few potato sack have be pile in the comer . the room be dusty . ivy and noah stand and look in . noah hold she arm . ivy you be in trouble you know ? noah no hit . ivy I be to place you in the quiet room . noah - I ’'ll cry quart . ivy what if we strike a deal ? * noah Capitol ! Capitol idea ! ivy it would be prudent to keep we deal a secret . can you do that ? noah like a church mouse . this make ivy laugh . noah laugh too . + 33 ivy . | you need not go to the quiet | room if you take a oath to : never strike any person again . noah vase . nohitte . wee ivy put out she hand to shake . ivy _ no hit . noah shake hand , up and down big , like the elder do . ivy tap she cheek . noah lean down , for he stand a good six inch taller than she , and kiss she softly once . ivy the deal be strike . noah be beam . ivy close the door to the quiet room . ivy we ought not return right away . what shall we do with we steal time ? ( beat ) shall we have a foot race ? up the hill to the rest rock . noah no cheating . ivy what a deeply scandalous thing to say . I insist you take that back ... be that the school bell ? 34 noah look back . ivy take off . she 's a good ten foot down the path before he turn to see she not there . CUT to : ext . resting rock - day noah be bigger , stronger and faster , but he.has a hard time . catch the blind young woman run ahead of he . she move effortlessly . she do not use she stick . she know every step of this hill . she tap a tree as she run by . she be laugh as she run . : noah pass she just as they finish . they both be out of breath as they reach the rock formation . one rock jut out at the base of a enormous wall of rock bury into the side of the hill . there be shade here . this be resting rock . there be someone sit there when they arrive . noah go right over and sit with he . ivy sit and catch she breath before look in they direction . - . ivy my sister cry a lot . lucius stop eat the biscuit he have wrap in he handkerchief for he lunch break . beat . ivy do you wonder how I recognize you . lucius stare at the strike girl with the sweaty face and mess hair . ivy some people , just a handful mind you , give off the tiniest color . it 's faint , like a haze . it 's the only thing I ever see in the darkness . papa have it too . > ) lucius gaze quietly at ivy as if she be a sorcerer . noah just smile . beat . ivy do you wonder what you color be ? well that , I will not tell you . it 's not ladylike to speak of such thing . you should not even have ask . lucius fight a smile . noah run off after some nearby bird . ivy smoothes she wrinkle , dusty frock . it be a uncharacteristic nervous gesture . ivy ( serious ) I know why you deny my sister . lucius 's smile melt away . ivy when I be young you use to hold my arm when I walk . then suddenly you stop . ( beat ) one day , I even trip in you presence and nearly fall . I be fake of course , but still you do not hold I . ivy sometimes we do not do thing ‘we want to do , so that other will not know we want to do they . lucius be about to say something when noah come back . noah sit down between they . lucius turn he pierce eye back to he biscuit . 36 noah reach into he pocket . he clutches something in he hand . he put it into ivy 's lap . ivy what 's this ? she feel it in she hand . ivy a flower , what a splendid present . lucius glance over . he go still . beat . lucius ' ( low ) be cautious . you be hold the bad color . : ivy 's face change as she hold the red flower . ivy ( even ) noah it be not allow . this color attract that we do not speak of . you must bury it . she hold it out to a sadden noah . her hand be tremble slightly . he take it back after a moment . ivy you ought not to pick that color flower anymore . lucius gaze at the flower in noah 's hand . lucius he do not pick that now . beat . ivy 's head turn a quarter turn towards lucius . ivy what 's wrong ? you be breathe have change . lucius I have never set eye on such a flower . lucius and noah look at each other . beat. lucius ( quiet ) noah ... where do you find this ? CUT to : ext . border — afternoon ivy 's finger trace along noah 's arm . she find he hand . she move over he finger that be point : she turn and face that direction . beat . ivy be you sure ? _ noah nod . noah no cheating . ivy , noah , and lucius stand at the top of the hill and stare . beat . lucius turn and start walk down the hill . 38 lucius ( v.0 . ) my mother be unaware of the reason for my visit today . she do not give she consent - CUT to : int . meeting hall - afternoon WALKER lucius . lucius 's green eye look up from he paper . _ . WALKER you do not need to address we so formally . you may just speak . lucius stare at the group of elder seat on the wooden chair before he . Alice watch she son lower the paper at he side . he just stand there . beat . lucius we must not - lucius eye drift down . he tilt the paper slightly as he try to read the word at a steep angle at he side . lucius we must not - Edward smile . WALKER lucius , you may read from the paper if you wish . lucius bring the paper back up . '' 39 lucius - or consult I in any form : . ( beat ) today at resting rock . noah percy hand ivy walkera _ flower of the bad color . Edward Walker sit up just a bit at the sound of he daughter 's name . lucius when ask where he find this flower , for it be not like other I have see , he take we there . he lead we to the peak of the hill , by the tree stump . there he point to a bush cover in flower of the bad color . y lucius look up . he do not look down when he say the next six word . lucius he be point into covington Woods . lucius return he eye to the paper . lucius by my eye , the bush of the bad color be , at the very least , seventy - five pace past the forbidden line . beat . luctus it be my belief that noah percy have enter the wood , and have do so on many occasion . < 40 ° luctus it be also my belief , that because - of he innocence , that creature who reside in the wood do not harm he . ( beat ) this strengthen my belief that they will let I pass if they sense ] be not a threat . I ask for further consideration in my request to travel into the wood so that I may gather medicine and information from the nearby town . lucius slowly lower he paper . he exhales very slowly . the elder just stare . CUT to : ext . schoolyard — afternoon ~ noah make monster sound . he hold he hand up like claw as he slowly chase the pack of jaugh and scream child around the playground . the group of elder have gather at the edge of the schoolyard . they watch noah carefully as he run around with the other child . noah bare he tooth and growl as he catch one of the laugh ten-year - old boy in the pack . noah pick he up and throw he to the ground hard . the child start cry . teacher noah percy ! noah stop act like a monster . he run and hide behind the other child . : the elder watch as the teacher pull noah off the schoolyard . noah be throw a slight tantrum as he be lead to he punishment . 9 ' int . hunt cabin - night CUT to : Alice hunt sit at she small table . hand fold on she lap . alice - '' we shall speak of the town , just this once , and we shall never speak of it again . lucius sit across from she . his eye flicker from the lamp light on the shelf . alice : when we live there , the three of we , you be but a infant . I would be tell a untruth if ] say there be no joy . we be content soul : the three of we ... but contentment be a unwelcome alien in the town . there be something in the very nature of the city and town that reject it . Society survive on greed , and desire . its heart be feed by want . it have no place for something so untradable and old fashioned as contentment . ( beat ) you father leave for the market on a Tuesday at quarter past nine in the morning ... he be find - rob and naked in the river two day later . lucius be shaking . 41 42 lucius ( barely audible ) why do you tell I this blackness ? alice so you will know the nature of what you desire . lucius I do not desire it ! Alice be sincerely unsettle by the sight of she son on the verge of yell . luctus my intention be true to my word . ij think of nothing but the people of this village . Alice lower she eye . beat . she speak in a softer voice . alice 1 know that . forgive I . J be but scared for my only son 's life . lucius Tam not the one with secret . Alice 's eye lock on he . alice what be you meaning ? ( beat ) speak ! do not retreat to you silence yet . lucius stand from the table . he move across the small room . _ 43 lucius there be secret in every comer of this village . do you not feel it ? do you not see it ? lucius point to the black box seat in the corner of the room on a small table . it be identical tothe one we see in August nicholson 's house . alice that be for we own well be . so the thing that scare we do not have power over we . luctus then let we open it . alice no - ww , Alice look ready to rise from she chair to.stop he . lucius do not move . beat . . Alice visibly compose herself . her hand return to she jap. alice _ ( soft ) perhaps we should speak with Edward Walker together . he may - lucius he hide too . Alice stare quietly at the stranger before she . lucius ( soft ) he hide he feeling for you . Alice instantly rise from the table and move into she room with great dignity . . lucius _ ( call to she ) sometimes we do not do thing - yet other know we want to do thing - so we do not do they . lucius do not even understand what he say . Alice walk back out of she room . : alice what nonsense be you say ? lucius be flustered . he gather he thought and look to he mother . beat . lucius you need not worry . nothing will happen to I . Alice gaze upon she son . alice ( gentle ) you remind I of a colt sometimes . Alice move back to the chair she start in . lucius take he seat across from she . beat . Alice clean some dust off the table as she speak . " alice what make you think he have feeling for I ? beat . lucius think of other thing as he say the word . 45 lucius he never touch you . Alice shake she head , '' no '' to herself . they both sit at the table plow through they own thought . candlight flicker on this painting of a mother and son at a wooden table . : CUT to : ext . border ~ day we be at the edge , where the grass end and the wood begin . on every tree that touch the grass be 'a yellow slash of paint . every fourth tree hold a flag of the same color . two young man replace a break flag . they both wear hood cloak that touch the ground . the cloak be a mustard - yellow . the young man , who have be boost up , lose he balance . he. quickly grab a branch and steadiest himself . he look down to he partner . they share a tension fill look as they glance into the forest . they work as if they be on a tight wire . a third young man in a mustard yellow cloak pass they . lucius carry a wooden bucket of yellow paint . he nod to they as he pass . lucius walk along the perimeter of tree . he stop a handful of tree down the line . the paint on this tree be fade . lucius dip the handmade brush into the bucket and put another coat on the tree . he pick up he bucket and continue on . he glance over he shoulder as the figure of the two young man get smaller and smaller . lucius keep walk . - he pass the large tree stump . now he slow to a stop again . he look to the wood ... seventy five pace away from where he stand , nestle between two thin tree , be a BUSH blooming with red flowers . 46 he look down the line of tree to the two young man ; they move along the perimeter and slowly move out of sight . . lucius step to the edge of the grass . his shoe be inch away from the dirt of the forest floor . in the dirt , clearly visible to the eye , be group of large clawe footprint . the indentation from the claw point dig deep into the soil . lucius do not acknowledge any of this , he stare quietly into the wood , lower he bucket to the ground . beat . he step over the forbidden line into covington wood . lucius walk calmly . his shoulder graze branch as he move . his eye stay lock on the bush with red flower . we hear a noise in the wood . lucius do not look over . he take the last few . step to the bush . he reach into it and snap off a branch . he straighten up . : and then for the first time we sense he pause . he tum and look slowly over he shoulder . there be sudden movement . leave and branch SNAP as we see , fifty feet away , the dark form of a humped creature , stand upright . it suddenly move . we see it stride away into the denseness of the wood . lucius tum and start walk . branch in hand , he move at a calm even pace as he head back to the bucket with yellow paint . _cut to : _ext . walking path — night lucius move along a walk path . he pass by a lamp light . 47 he get pull from the strong current of he thought by the rattling of a bush . he see someone crawl around in the foliage . girl 's voice from BUSH there be no escape . — lucius watch as ivy Walker crawl out and stand . she look in lucius 's direction . ivy oh hello . ivy run she hand over she frock . dirt and leave fall off . ivy J be just play a game with noah . the rascal must have go to hide in my house again . house be against the rule . he know that . lucius stare at ivy who have dirt and leave in she hair . she bend down and pick up she cane . ivy be you okay ? you quiet be a different quiet than you usual quiet . lucius nod . ivy ] assume you be nodd . ivy smile . om , 48 '' ivy | well I better get back home and mo | confront the scoundrel . ( beat ) you could walk with I if you like . : there be a awkward moment . CUT to : ext . WALKER back porch — night ivy and lucius arrive in silence to the back porch of the Walker cabin . in the _ lamp lit window we see Kitty and she young sister talk . ivy we be tend to the child tonight , Kitty and 1 ... 1 should be with she . ( beat ) be well . ivy climb the stair and stop . : ivy I hear my parent speak of you . I know of you request to go to the town . I think it be noble , but I do not think it be right . beat . luctus there may be thing we do not know that may help we . € ' ivy you speak as if we be plague . . there be nothing to cure . - beat . lucius ' be you not angry you have no sight ? perhaps you eye could have be save as a child by knowledge hold in the town 's medicine . : ivy I know it upset pappa very much when it happen to I . he would not speak for three day . I be tell . but it do not bother I lucius . lucius - what of noah then ? what if there be medicine for noah that could help he be still ? - help he learn ? beat . this affect ivy. ivy . May we stop speak of this ? it be put knot in my stomach . lucius nod . ivy climb a few more step and stop . she turn . ivy Kitty be to be marry . lucius look a little confuse . 49 a 50 ivy / she have find love again . with christop crane . lucius raise he eye brow . ivy ( soft ) you think it a odd choice right ? you know he will not sit back in he chair for fear of set wrinkle he shirt . ( beat ) but he do have a gentlemanly way about he and he do care for my sister deeply . I think Kitty be bless . ivy lam bless as well ... my older sister be now speak for . I be now free to receive interest from anyone ... who might have interest . lucius stare at the strike blind girl who stand in the shadow with a mischievous smile . ivy ( soft ) . goodnight lucius hunt . ivy turn and walk into the house . we see through the open back door as noah leap out from behind a water basin and scare she . ivy start chase the tall boy around the room playfully . . CUT to : si ext . tower - night finton coin sit huddle in the comer of the tower perch . his knee be tuck into he chest . there be a oil jamp on the floor by he side . the oil lamp move as the tower creak . finton sit up . the lamp light on finton 's tense face flicker and then return . finton lucius ? silence . finton crawl over to the trap door in the floor . he listen a moment before reach for the rope handle . he pull back the wooden door slowly . finton look down the ladder that drop twenty foot away to the ground . the thick leg of the tower can also be see . finton lucius ? something pass underneath . it 1s dark in form and move devilishly quick into the shadow . all the air leave finton coin 's lung . finton shut the trap door quietly . he move the wooden bolt into the lock position . all he movement be slow and trancelike . finton place he hand on the railing and pull himself up . he steady himself on he foot . and then peer over the railing . CUT to : ext . courtyard — night people of the village move normally through the courtyard . 52 and then the warning bell sound in the distance . itis very different than the practice bell in the yard . its SOUND be deeper more powerful and resonant . its short repeated ringing echoes through the AIR . - everyone in the courtyard suddenly freeze and then start run . everyone except lucius . he turn and look over he shoulder towards the direction of the tower . CUT to : int . WALKER cabin - night Kitty and ivy look up as they dress they little sister for bed . the distant repeated SOUND of the warning bell silence all the chatter . a . beat . Kitty turn to ivy. kitty ( low ) Close all the door . Kitty scoops she little sister off they bed and move directly towards the trapdoor in the back of the cabin . CUT to : ext . cabin — night lucius usher a group of people into a cabin . he close the door and shut they in . he move quickly across the path to a woman who try desperately to close the shutter on she cabin . the shutter stick on they rusty hinge . lucius come over and close it shut . he turn as a shadow pass over he . C 's3 lucius duck into the darkness by the side of the cabin . there be movement all around he . he watch as a creature move slowly toward the front door of the cabin . lucius step back farther into the shadow . he press he . back against the '' side of the cabin and lose sight of the creature . : CUT to : int . WALKER cabin = night ~~ nosili jump up arid 'down , agitate and excited . Kitty tug at he arm as she pull he towards the trap door . she look across the cabin and see ivy . stand in the open front.door . kitty ( yell ) you must close the door ! ivy look out in the direction of the strange sound . ivy lucius be out walk . Kitty lead noah down into the craw ] space where the two young sister wait frighten and silent . kitty ( yell ) he 's inside safe somewhere . Close the door ! ivy turn and look back at she sister , strain and strength on she face . ivy he will come back to make sure we be safe . Kitty walk down into the underground room with noah and the child . only she head can be see as she watch she little sister , across the cabin stand in the doorway to the outside . ivy put out she hand through the open doorway . she hold it out to the darkness . the warning bell ring over and over in the distance . strange sound can be heard through the wall in the back of the cabin . Kitty listen to they , tear fill she eye . her head tum back to ivy and n'scream across the cabin floor . * ~~~ kitty ivy please ! outside : there be shadow all around the WALKER cabin . a humped creature emerge from the darkness . it start rushing toward the porch . ivy hold she hand out as she stare blankly into the darkness outside . tear stream down she face . she be terrify . ivy ( soft ) no . kitty do not let they in ! the large darkened figure of the creature climb onto the porch . a hand grab ivy 's hand . '' 55 slow -motion : ivy tum as lucius move with she through the doorway . they close the door shut quickly and bolt it . lucius and ivy run together across the cabin . lucius never jet go of she hand . they reach the open trapdoor . lucius help ivy in and then follow she down . his arm -spear out and grab hold of the rope handle . the door shut over they head . CUT to : int . underground room - night real time : . six individual huddle together in the darkness . a tiny stream of light fall on - there face : - sound of scratching and clawing can be heard on the wall of the cabin . the distant SOUND of the warning bell be muffled in this underground space . Kitty hold she little sister tight . noah clap he hand joyously in the small space he have to move . lucius and ivy be crouch together close to the stair . they face be almost touch . they both stare up at the crack in the door and listen . they both breathe hard ; they breath fall on each other . ivy 's face tilt slowly to she lap . lucius 's hand be still hold hers . CUT to : int . under ground room # 2 ~ night a large number of man and woman be cramme together in another underground room . they listen as noise and grunt move around they overhead . CUT to : 56 int . underground room # 3 — night a group of child be huddle together in the darkness of another underground room . the child 's hand cover they ear . they try to block out the sound stabbing at they through the crack in the trap door . we see they tiny body jerk with every sound . they scared face dissolve into the darkness . fade to black : CUT to : ext . village - day _a gentle breeze push leave around in circle . there be no one in the courtyard . there be no one on the walk path . the front door of the cabin be close . on each door be two red slashes of color forming a '' X '' . the crimson marking be see throughout the empty village . CUT to : int . meeting hall - day all member of the village , young and old , be gather together . the SOUND of some child whimpering can be hear in the tense silence . Edward look at the face . WALKER we may question ourselves at time such as this . do we make the right decision to settle here ? co 57 WALKER we must remember why we come here . it be for goodness and a rare type of innocence . that be worth a struggle I think . ( beat ) let it be know for all to comfort in , that no person be injure lat night . we have always have , from the day we settle here , a gentle understanding with that who ' visit we . ( beat ) oe " thave always picture they , in some way , as we protector . they have allow we to live here nestle amongst they in this untouched place : ( beat ) by the marking we find this morning on we home , I feel they be warning we : they act as if threaten . we will do we best to discover what it be that have set they to action . beat . Edward suddenly look older . his childlike eye flicker with emotion , WALKER ( soft ) I myself wonder if this simple way of life can go on ... if it be mean too ... August touch he on the shoulder in a brotherly way to stop he from speak . August look out over the congregation . 58 august if any want to talk of they worry or concem , we would _ welcome they . a note be pass from the gather . vivian percy be the close of the elder and accept it . she check the front and back for a inscription . she look out over the room of face . . vivian who have write this note ? the room of face do not respond . vivian open it . vivian turn to the elder at she side . vivian it be the wish of the writer for this to be read aloud . they all nod . vivian throw a quick look to Alice before turn back to the paper . : vivian ( read ) please read so that all may hear . ( beat ) my mother be unaware that 1 write this note . she do not give she consent or consult I in any form . ( beat ) J have bring this burden upon we . on the day before last , 1 cross the forbidden line into covington Woods and be witness there by that we do not speak of . ) whisper fill the meeting hall . Alice close she eye . August look down . 59 vivian ( read ) iam deeply sorry . I have shame myself and my family . 1 pray that my action will cause no further pain . , ( beat ) with deep sorrow , lucius hunt . ivy sit in the crowd . she stare blankly at a point in space . there be nothing but murmur for a moment . Edward Walker silently step forward . the crowd move aside ashe - walk through they . . he move to the back corner , where the crowd part and reveal lucius sit against the wall . his eye be red . tear fall from he cheek . Edward Walker kneel down in front of he . WALKER do not fret . Walker 's face tremble with emotion as he stare at the young man . Edward Walker lean forward and whisper in the young man 's ear . WALKER ( barely audible ) you be fearless in a way , 1 shall never know . lucius jook up . the two man stare at each other . the crowd go quiet _. around they . the overwhelming pride and emotion in Edward Walker 's eye slowly start to change lucius . he grow stronger with every second he - gaze at he elder . dissolve to : | int . classroom - day vivian percy clap she hand . mrs . percy ta. tee-tee . ta. CLASS ta. tee-tee . ta mrs . percy splendid . shall we take it from _ the first phrase of the song ? she stare at the quiet face of the child . mrs . percy it have be difficult to concentrate , I admit . the visit from that we do not speak of three week past , be still with we ... 1 know some of you be frighten still . this be why we job be so vital . we must lift everyone 's spirit . Kitty Walker 's wedding will be a glorious time . we will sing and dance and be merry again . now let we be strong little soul and begin the song again from the very beginning . the child nod gently . they be ready . CUT to : - ~ ) ext . clearing ~ day a collection of fifteen man and woman be construct a wooden canopy . 61 noah percy help cut a rope that tether one of the frame of the canopy to a statue in the ground . a elder hold the rope and point . noah slice it . he laugh when the rope split . he wave the knife in the air elder quickly take the knife away from he and smile . joyously . the Edward and tabitha Walker guide the other as the two side of the canopy - frame be bring up into they stand position . _ they look up at the structure for they daughter 's wedding with wonder in they eye . beat . they be gather by the other and begin tie garland of flower to the frame . ext . resting rock - day lucius unwrap he biscuit form he handkerchief . ivy ( o.s. ) 1 know you have be ignore I . lucius look up to find ivy stand before he . ivy it be the day of my sister 's wedding and J be beginning to believe you would let the day pass without say a word to I . lucius do not say a word . ivy perhaps you sense I be angry when you reveal you cross into the wood . in fact I be . if you want to act foolish , that be CUT to : you choice . but I do not find any reason to risk such danger in the wood for anything . it be wrong . ( beat ) I say this as you friend , because friend may say anything to each other . ivy let out a breath . ivy I be glad we have have a chance to talk . ( beat ) / Kitty need help get ready . enjoy you biscuit . ivy turn and walk away . lucius 's green eye watch she as he bring the biscuit to he mouth . . CUT to : ext . suppertable — afternoon WALKER we come here to start anew - we be grateful for the time we have be give . Edward Walker jook to Kitty at he side . christop sit across from she . they be both dress in white . Edward smile to they as he take a seat . August stand . it be unexpected . eye watch he . august this be the experience we come here to have . this be good . this be pure .