the help written by tate Taylor base on the novel by Kathryn stockett second draft , November 9 , 2009 william faulkner write of mammy callie after she death : " ... she give to my family a fidelity without stint or calculation or recompense and give to my childhood a immeasurable devotion and love " . jackson , MISSISSIPPI 1963 int . aibileen be house - kitchen - night aibileen , black , 53 , sit at a table in a small , green kitchen . she wear a yellow dress with black piping and grip a tatter spiral notebook . although crack , the window behind she be crystal clear . Three frame portrait hang on the wall above she : John f. Kennedy , Dr. Martin luther King , Jr. and a unknown young black male wear thick glass . aibileen swallow hard . aibileen I be ... bear in 1911 ...on piedmont Plantation in Cherokee County . a unseen woman interview aibileen . woman ( o.c . ) do you know as a girl , grow up , that one day you would be a may ? aibileen yes , mar 'am . I do . woman ( o.c . ) and you know that because ? aibileen momma be a may . my grandmother be a house slave . woman ( 0.c . ) oh. the woman repeat aibileen 's answer slowly as she write . woman ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) a...house ... slave . uh-huh . okay . aibileen squeeze the notebook in she lap . woman ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) now , do you ever dream of be something else ? aibileen gulp . she do not answer . the room be quiet . woman ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) well then , what 's it feel like , to raise a white child when you own child 's at home ... be look after by somebody else ? 2 . aibileen 's hand tremble as she sip from a glass of water . she glance sadly up to the picture of the young black male . fade to black : aibileen ( v.o . ) I do raise seventeen kid in my life . lookin ' after white baby , that 's what I do . int . leefolt home - mae mobley' room - morning mae mobley leefolt , 2 1 / 2 year old , lie in a crib , cry . aibileen enter . her dark black skin contrast angelically with a brilliant white work dress , white panty hose and shoe aibileen ( v.o . ) I know how to get they baby asleep , stop cryin ' and go in the toilet bowl before they mommas even get outta bed in the mornin . ' aibileen lift mae mobley out of she crib and pull she into she expansive bosom . aibileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Babies like fat . they like big fat leg too . that I know . aibileen sit with mae mobley in a rock chair . aibileen ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) I work from eight to four , six day a week . ninety - five cent a hour come to a hundred seventy - two dollar ever month . I do all the cooking , clean , wash , irone and grocery shopping , but mostly , I take care a baby girl ... and law , I worry she go be fat . ai not gonna be no beauty queen either . mae mobley reach up and touch aibileen 's face . aibileen kiss she and whisper in she ear . aibileen ( cont 'd ) you be kind . you be smart . you be important . mae mobley 's mother , elizabeth leefolt , 21 and lanky , enter wear a green dress very much under construction . pin and double-stick tape hold it all together . Elizabeth have point feature and a nest of tease , brittle hair . elizabeth aibileen , bridge club 's in a hour ! do you finish the chicken salad ? 3. elizabeth ( cont 'd ) oh , and hilly 's devile egg . no paprika ! Elizabeth rotate around like the tin man . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) do this dress look homemade ? aibileen I reckon when you finish , it will not . Elizabeth exit with she pin hemline sloping at a good twenty degree angle . aibileen shake she head . aibileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) miss leefolt still do not pick baby girl up but once a day . the birthin ' blue have get holt a miss leefolt pretty hard . I do see it happen plenty a time ... once baby start havin ' they own baby . and the young white lady of Jackson ... oh , law , they be havin ' some baby . int . jackson journal newspapaer - office - same day a smoking receptionist , 50 , lead eugenia " skeeter " phelan , 23 , across a smoke - fill news office . even the light bulb have yellow . aibileen ( v.o . ) but , not miss skeeter ... skeeter have very frizzy blond hair cut short above she shoulder . she carry a red satchel . aibileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) no baby ... no man ... and not lookin' . she wear flat , careful not to add more than a centimeter to she tower height . dress well , skeeter tug on she unfamiliar attire . int . mr. blackly's office - continuous the receptionist and skeeter enter the office of mr . harold blackly , 68 . he have grease , grey hair and the face of a mean man . smoke pour into the room . mr. blackly shut the goddamn door ! he snap he finger over a chair . skeeter sit down . mr. blackly ( cont 'd ) they announce last week cigarettes will kill you . 4. Mr. blackly pour a pack of nut into he mouth . mr. blackly ( cont 'd ) ( chewing ) okay , let 's see what you get . skeeter quickly hand Mr. blackly a resumé . he skim it over , mark it violently with a red pen . mr. blackly ( cont 'd ) " murrah High editor , ole miss rebel rouser editor , double major , junior League editor ... damn girl , do not you have any fun ? skeeter be that ... important ? Mr. blackly sigh , hand the resumé back to skeeter . mr. blackly you get any reference ? skeeter nod slowly . she take a deep breath and pull a letter out of she satchel . she hand it to Mr. blackly . Mr. blackly snatch the letter and read it quickly , mouth the word as he do . he drop the letter on he desk , and look to skeeter , flabbergasted . mr. blackly ( cont 'd ) that ... be a rejection letter . skeeter 's face flush hot and quick . skeeter not exactly . missus stein - mr. blackly - stein ?! missus who ? skeeter point toward the letterhead . skeeter Elaine stein , senior editor at harper and row publish . in New York . I be go to be a serious writer , Mr. blackly . so , when I apply to harper and row , missus stein wrote - mr. blackly - she tell you " no . " skeeter until I gain some experience , Mr. blackly ! see , it say it right there at the end . " great potential ... gain some experience and please apply again . " Mr. blackly pour the rest of the peanut in he mouth . 5 . mr. blackly oh , Christ ... I guess you will do . can you clean ? skeeter clean ? Mr. blackly see cigarette smoke bleed under he door . mr. blackly clean ! Mr. blackly pull up a box fill with letter and newspaper . he slam it down in front of skeeter . mr. blackly ( cont 'd ) miss myrna 's go shit-house crazy on we , drunk hair spray or something . read she past column and all this letter . answer they just like she do , nobody will know the damn difference . skeeter force a smile . mr. blackly ( cont 'd ) you know who miss myrna be ? skeeter ( covering ) I read she article all the time . mr. blackly articles ? ha ! it 's a clean advice column , miss phelan . eight buck a week . copy due Thursday . Mr. blackly pick up the phone and start yell at someone . skeeter excitedly grab the box of letter and leave . int . holbrook house - bathroom - same day hilly holbrook , 22 , white and hefty , sit on a close toilet seat in a well - appoint bathroom . she 's cover in red plaid and bow and have a round face top by a perfect beehive . hilly ( scream upward ) momma ! we be late for bridge ! hilly carefully roll toilet paper out from its holder . she raise a pencil and place the tiniest dot imaginable on the first and second sheet of paper . aibileen ( v.o . ) miss hilly be the first of the baby to have a baby . and it must a come out of she like the eleventh commandment . ` Cause once miss hilly have a baby , ever girl at the bridge table want one too . 6 . she carefully roll the paper back up in the roll . hilly minny ! go get momma ! int . holbrook house - entry foyer stairwell - same time minny jackson , 33 , black , plump and in uniform , roll she eye beneath a crystal chandelier . she shout up the mahogany stairwell . minny missus Walters ?! you need help come down ? missus walter , 60 , pass quietly behind minny . missus walter I be down ! minny jump with a yelp , spin around . missus walter ( cont 'd ) be down . minny go give I a heart attack ! missus Walters amble toward the closet door . minny quickly try to turn she toward the front door . missus Walters resist . missus walter minny , I be get my coat . missus Walters open the closet . minny it 's ninety degree out there , missus Walters . missus Walters pull out a red , wool coat with cheetah print collar . the early stage of Alzheimer 's have appear , but missus Walters be still quite proud at eighty percent capacity . aibileen ( v.o . ) once missus Walters ' artery go hard , miss hilly move she and minny in with she . fire the may she have just to make room . see , minny about the best cook in Mississippi , and miss hilly want she . hilly 's approach be mark by the whish sound of she plaid , fat thigh . 7. she nonchalantly grab the coat from she mother and carry it out the door . minny and missus Walters follow . minny carry a chocolate pie . hilly bark over she shoulder . hilly minny , William take billy out for ice cream . so , hurry back and get billy down for he nap . no dilly dally . minny yes , mar 'am . minny raise the pie behind hilly 's beehive , dream of smash it into she head . aibileen ( v.o . ) minny my best friend . a old lady like I lucky to have she . int . leefolt home - bathroom - same day aibileen kneel next to mae mobley who sit on a small child 's training toilet . mae mobley no ! aibileen ( v.o . ) it 's a tricky thing ... you try to make a baby go in the toilet bowl before it 's time . if theys can not get the hang of it , theys get to think low a theyselves . mae mobley stick she lip out . aibileen ( cont 'd ) you drunk up two glass a grape juice , I know you get to tee-tee . mae mobley nooo. mae mobley shake she head . aibileen I give you a cookie if you go . tee - tee immediately sprinkle into the bowl . aibileen ( cont 'd ) mae mobley ! you go ! aibileen and mae mobley laugh excitedly as Elizabeth storm into the bathroom in she finish dress . the hemline now slant in the other direction . 8. elizabeth aibileen , the girl be pull up , and the table be not set ! mae mobley mae mobley go , momma ! elizabeth get in you room ! right now ! mae mobley rise behind aibileen 's leg . mae mobley I sorry . Elizabeth reach down and scoops up mae mobley like a sack of potato . mae mobley look to aibileen over she mother 's shoulder , she eye have well up . aibileen mouth " I love you " and blow she a kiss . int . leefolt home - dine room - moment later the leefolt 's small , wood panele , two bedroom " ranch " be destine to become income property one day . five young women , early 20 , and Elizabeth hover around two collapsible card table arrange in the live room . aibileen methodically arrange grape on a platter of chicken salad rest on Elizabeth 's dining table . the table have a small l-shaped crack in the middle . aibileen ( v.o . ) I lose my own boy , treelore , right before I start waitin ' on the leefolt ... Elizabeth glance anxiously to the dining table then catch eye with aibileen , nodd ever so slightly . close on : aibileen carefully slide the platter over the l-shaped crack make sure it 's hide . aibileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) after treelore die , a bitter seed be plant inside a I . and I just do not feel so accept anymore . hilly enter the front door hold missus Walters coat . hilly hey , girl ! 9 . young women ( in unison ) hey , hilly ! minny follow behind hold the pie and missus Walters ' arm . hilly ( over she shoulder ) put momma in a chair before she break a hip . missus walter I be not deaf yet , hilly . minny spy aibileen in the corner and give she a " here we go " look as she lower missus Walters into a chair . hilly approach aibileen with the coat . hilly aibileen , I want you to have this coat . it 's too big for momma now and it 's way too expensive to put in the coat drive . hilly extend the coat with a smile . hilly ( cont 'd ) all yours . aibileen take the coat . aibileen thank you , miss hilly . hilly go on . try it on . int . leefolt home - kitchen - moment later minny plow through the swing door and reach for hilly 's devile egg . aibileen rush in behind she wear the cheetah collare coat . the sleeve be about a foot too short . aibileen hold on ! that be miss hilly 's . aibileen pull another plate of egg out of the fridge . aibileen ( cont 'd ) got to have paprika on `em . minny take a egg . it disappear in a single bite . minny forgive I , Lord , but I be gonna have to kill that woman . 10 . aibileen remove the coat and lay it over a chair . aibileen watch yo mouth , minny . minny look like a walk Christmas present with all they bow . aibileen shake with silent laughter . minny ( cont 'd ) and , now she go to puttin ' pencil mark on the toilet paper . aibileen oh , law ! do she ? minny uh-hum . but , I carry paper in from my own damn house . that fool do not know . int . leefolt home - live room - same time Elizabeth and hilly cackle with a group of girl as missus Walters sit on the couch watch " guide Light . " skeeter suddenly rush through the front door . skeeter hey , girl . girl ( in unison ) hey , skeeter . jolene french , 24 , approach and hug skeeter . jolene well , if it be not Long -haul - skeeter . we do not think you would ever leave ole miss . skeeter well , it 's suppose to take four year , jolene . skeeter spin around to hilly and Elizabeth with a sigh . skeeter ( cont 'd ) sorry I be late . I have to stop by the cleaner and pick up my black dress . hilly and Elizabeth look at skeeter with concern . skeeter ( cont 'd ) what ? 11 . hilly about supper club tonight ... honey , Stuart have to cancel . skeeter again ? hilly place she hand on skeeter 's shoulder . hilly he can not get off the rig , skeeter . it 's offshore ! Stuart be a very successful oil man . skeeter I be start to think this Stuart be a figment of you imagination . elizabeth Raleigh call he cousin down in hattiesburg . he will drive up . skeeter the cousin with one eye ?! Elizabeth nod . skeeter ( cont 'd ) I guess he black patch will match my dress . just forget it . skeeter storm off . hilly glare at Elizabeth . hilly one eye ?! int . leefolt home - live room - later the same day aibileen clear the dining table as bridge begin . hilly , Elizabeth and skeeter sit with jolene . skeeter take a deep breath and belt out she news . skeeter I get a job today ... at the Jackson Journal ! everyone look at skeeter as if she just throw up on herself . finally , hilly pat skeeter on the leg . hilly they would be a fool not to hire you . jolene raise she glass . jolene to skeeter ... and she job . last stop `til marriage . hilly kick jolene under the table . 12 . skeeter the miss myrna column . have y'all read it ? hilly well , no ! but , I bet the poor girl without any help , in South Jackson , read it like the King James . everyone laugh . skeeter 's forehead crinkle . skeeter Elizabeth , would you mind if I talk to aibileen ? to help I answer some of the letter ? just until I get a knack for it . aibileen clear dish as if she have not hear a thing . Elizabeth get very still . elizabeth aibileen ? my aibileen ? what can not you just get Constantine to help you ? skeeter look to she lap and shake she head . skeeter Constantine ... quit we . elizabeth hilly what ?! oh , my gosh ! skeeter nod she head sadly . hilly I be so sorry , skeeter . skeeter I really do not want to talk about it . okay ? the girl nod . skeeter ( cont 'd ) anyway ... I do not know how to answer this letter . Elizabeth look to aibileen . elizabeth well ... I mean as long as it do not interfere with she work . a phone ring . Elizabeth nod to aibileen . int . leefolt home - kitchen - continuous aibileen rush in the kitchen and answer the phone . 13 . aibileen leefolt residence . int . foote estate ( intercut ) - kitchen - same time close on : pink , fuzzy slipper anchore bare , sexy leg stand on a black and white check floor . celia foote ( o.c . ) ah-hem . hello , be Elizabeth in ? rising up a slim torso , sizeable cleavage burst out of a pink robe 's collar . aibileen she have bridge club right now . May I take a message ? celia foote , 28 , peroxide blonde , stand in all she country girl glory . she speak with a thick , unrefine , Southern accent , mire in insecurity . celia please tell she celia foote call again . I will call back tomorrow . aibileen yes , mar 'am . celia nervously twist herself around in the phone cord . celia ah-hem . miss ? " miss " strike aibileen as very odd . celia ( cont 'd ) I be look for some help at my house . you know any maid look ? aibileen no , mar 'am . celia foote okay . celia foote. emerson 6-8-4. bye , now . celia hand up the phone with a frown and sip from a coca - cola bottle . int . leefolt home - live room - moment later aibileen enter the live room with a coffee pot . 14 . elizabeth who be that on the phone ? aibileen miss celia foote call again . Elizabeth lean over and touch hilly 's arm . elizabeth I have never call she back , hilly . hilly she can not take a hint , can she ? jolene who 's celia foote ? hilly that tacky girl johnny marry . elizabeth girl ? I hear she 's twenty - eight . jolene oh my God ! hilly uh-hmm , work concession at a lsu game and sell he a hotdog . and , boy , he get a whole lot more . all the girl laugh . skeeter could have be you , hilly . hilly and live thirty minute outside of town ? anyway , I run into she at the beauty parlor , and she have the nerve to ask if she could help with the child 's benefit . skeeter be not we take non-members ? the benefit 's get so big . hilly yes , but we be not tell she . everyone laugh but skeeter . aibileen pour skeeter a cup of coffee . skeeter look up decidedly and smile . skeeter thank you , aibileen . hilly begin squirming in she seat , obviously make a point . Elizabeth lean over . elizabeth oh , hilly , I wish you would just go use the bathroom . 15 . hilly ah-hem . I be fine . missus Walters shout out from the sofa . missus walter she 's upset cause the nigra use the guest bath , and so do we . Elizabeth turn to aibileen . elizabeth aibileen , go check on mae mobley . aibileen disappear . Elizabeth lean into hilly . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) just go use mine and Raleigh 's . hilly hiss - whisper . hilly if aibileen use the guest bathroom , I be sure she use yours too . elizabeth she doe not ! aibileen turn the corner in the hall and stop . hilly would not you rather they take they business outside ? skeeter see a reflection of aibileen listen off of a picture in the hall . skeeter try to change the subject . skeeter do y'all see the cover of " life " this week ? Jackie 's never look more regal - hilly - tell Raleigh every penny he spend on a color 's bathroom , he will get back in spade when y'all sell . it 's just plain dangerous . everybody know they carry different disease than we do . I double . Elizabeth take a puff of she cigarette and fidget with she card . elizabeth I can not ask Raleigh until tax season . but , it would be nice . hilly that 's why I have draft the Home help sanitation initiative . 16 . skeeter " the Home " ... the what ?! hilly as a disease preventative bill that require every white home to have a separate bathroom for the color help . I have even notify the surgeon General of Mississippi . I will pass . skeeter again glance at aibileen . they eye meet . skeeter maybe we ought to just build you a bathroom outside , hilly . the room grow eerily quiet . hilly you ought not to joke about the color situation . hilly lean in toward skeeter . hilly ( cont 'd ) I will do whatever it take to protect we town . you lead , jolene . jolene suddenly look to a wall clock . she jump up and throw she card to the table . jolene I have to skedaddle ! gotta get over to the station ! ( excitedly ) daddy 's let I do the weather tonight ! ext . foote estate - backyard - same day celia delicately prune two rosebush . her long pink fingernails wrap easily around a pair of sheer . as celia stand back to admire she work , we widen to see the foote estate . ancient oak drip in Spanish moss surround a perfectly manicure lawn . " tara " pale in comparison . oddly , the two rosebush have be plant in the center of the lawn , jeopardize the antebellum Feng shui . aibileen ( v.o . ) now , miss celia have she a man . ` Bout the best lookin ' man in all of Mississippi . but , no baby and no friend . johnny foote , 23 , celia 's ridiculously handsome husband , sneak up behind she as he remove he jacket and tie . 17 . johnny rose look like weed next to you . celia turn with a yelp . she slap he playfully . celia johnny , you scared the daylight out of I ! johnny begin kissing she neck . celia ( cont 'd ) you be home early . celia push he back . celia ( cont 'd ) johnny , I can not get any of you old friend from school to call I back . johnny oh , who care , honey . we get all we need right here . johnny kiss she again and lower she to the grass . celia johnny , honestly ! johnny Doctor 's order . johnny start kissing celia 's breast . she become uneasy and roll out from under he . celia I do not know what 's take we so long . I be sorry . johnny brushes hair from celia 's face . johnny hey , we have never do it in the yard . maybe that 's the trick . celia seductively bite she lower lip . celia watch my hair . johnny 's hand slide up she thigh . int . leefolt home - kitchen - later that day Bridge over , skeeter smoke while watch through a window as minny arrive in hilly 's car . skeeter blow smoke toward hilly and Elizabeth say good - bye . 18 . a sermon play over a old am radio nestle between canister of sugar and flour . aibileen enter with a stack of dirty coffee cup . skeeter aibileen ? aibileen become nervous at the sight of skeeter alone . aibileen yes , mar 'am . skeeter I have hope to ask you myself if you could help I with the " miss myrna " letter ... aibileen yes , mar 'am . skeeter so ... would you help I ? aibileen nod and look out to Elizabeth on the street . aibileen miss myrna get it wrong lotta time . be good to get it right . skeeter thank you , aibileen . I plan on split the pay with you , too . aibileen do not respond . she grab a basket of roll . skeeter ( cont 'd ) listen ... all that talk in there today . hilly 's talk I mean ... I be sorry you have to hear that . aibileen quickly turn she back to skeeter . a gospel choir begin sing on the radio . skeeter ( cont 'd ) be that preacher Green 's sermon on the radio ? aibileen yes , mar 'am , it be . skeeter that remind I so much of my may grow up . aibileen start wiping down a serve tray . aibileen Constantine and I ... be in church circle together . 19 . skeeter turn to aibileen as she put out she cigarette . skeeter she love I like you love mae mobley . aibileen yes , mar 'am . skeeter move closer to aibileen . skeeter aibileen ? how could she just quit like that ? aibileen stop wiping and look up to skeeter ... aibileen quit ? skeeter yes . when I get home from school last week , momma say she have quit . back in March to go live with she people up in Chicago . she do not leave I a note or anything . aibileen turn and resume wiping the tray . skeeter ( cont 'd ) could you do that to mae mobley ? aibileen slowly turn back to skeeter . aibileen no , mar 'am . I could not ... skeeter do you have a address for she or anything ? aibileen shrug she shoulder , reeling it all back in . just then , Elizabeth walk into the kitchen hold papers staple together . she look between aibileen and skeeter . elizabeth I be sorry . do I interrupt something ? skeeter and aibileen shake they head . Elizabeth hand skeeter the papers . Home help sanitation initiative be write on the cover . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) hilly want this put in the League newsletter . skeeter nod . 20 . skeeter aibileen , I will drop by at ten tomorrow to get start on miss myrna . Elizabeth look at aibileen . elizabeth tomorrow be silver polish day , so y'all make it quick , okay ? ext . country road - later that day skeeter speed down a country road line with ancient oak tree in a white cadillac . aibileen ( v.o . ) I know I have say too much to miss skeeter , but Constantine 's story be not mine to tell . some thing a girl should not have to know about she own mother . her frizzy hair swirl about as she pass a truck full of cotton . int . cadillac ( fantasy sequence ) - same time skeeter look ahead and see a older black woman walk with a little blonde girl , 6 . they hold hand . the black woman smile and wave as skeeter pass . when skeeter look in she rear view mirror , they be go . skeeter suddenly stop the car just short of a intersect gravel road . skeeter slowly turn down the old road . ext . constantine's house - day skeeter 's car pull into the overgrown yard of a old shack with a rusted - out tin roof . two clapboard room be separate by a open breezeway . the front door be crack open . skeeter get out and walk toward Constantine 's home . int . constantine's house - moment later skeeter enter to find only a small bed , dresser , table , rock chair and a wood burn stove . past intruder have long since take anything of value . 21 . as skeeter approach Constantine 's bed , a opossum scurries out from underneath . skeeter scream as the opossum run out the door . her eye suddenly catch something . lying on the bed be a old corn pipe . skeeter pick it up and bring it to she face . her eye begin to well up . ext . phelan plantation - moment later skeeter pull in front of a grand antebellum home and park to the side of she family 's graveyard . skeeter carry she black dress up the stair of a cover porch . a old black man with white hair , jameso , 70 , tighten a porch swing . skeeter hey , jameso . jameso hello , miss eugenia . int . phelan plantation - entry foyer - moment later skeeter walk through the front door . skeeter momma ! if the smithsonian have wish to assemble the perfect antebellum home , skeeter would be stand in it . int . phelan home - parent ' bedroom - moment later skeeter enter and look around curiously at a array of wig rest atop a dresser . skeeter momma ? skeeter 's mother , charlotte boudreau cantelle phelan , 50 , glide into the room wear a wig . her floral print dress have a gazillion perfectly press pleat . Charlotte turn to a mirror and adjust a auburn -color , `pixie ' cut . charlotte be this a little too young ? skeeter it 's a little too everything . 22 . Charlotte remove the wig with a sigh . only now do we realize she decision to wear wig be not elective . thin hair detract from she perfectly make up face . Charlotte put on a classic bouffant / flip in dark brown . skeeter ( cont 'd ) much better . charlotte you daddy buy I this dress in ` 58 . skeeter Mom , I want to ask you about constantine - charlotte - right after ole miss win the sugar bowl . Charlotte unzip the dress and take it off . charlotte ( cont 'd ) come on , you try it on . skeeter what really happen ? Charlotte wince with pain and grasp she stomach . charlotte I tell you ... she go to live with she people in Chicago ... now , skeeter , you mother be die , and she want to see you in this dress . Charlotte stand in she slip and bra hold the dress . skeeter begin take off she clothes . skeeter how could she just take off without tell I ? charlotte I tell she not to write you . I do not want you upset in the middle of final exam . honey , we be just a job to she . with they it 's all about money ... do I tell you fanny peatrow get engage ? after she get that teller job , she mother say she be just swim in proposal . skeeter good for " fat fanny peatrow . " she lower the dress over skeeter 's head and zip it . 23 . charlotte this look precious on you ! four year ago my daughter go off to college , and what do she come home with ? skeeter charlotte a diploma . a pretty piece of paper . charlotte ( cont 'd ) hilly and Elizabeth have such lovely child . skeeter they drop out of college to become housewive , mother . charlotte if only you would show a little gumption , eugenia ... skeeter well , I do get a job today . charlotte you do ? skeeter write ... for the Jackson Journal . Charlotte plump up the dress around skeeter 's behind . charlotte great . you can write my obituary . " Charlotte phelan dead . her daughter still single . " skeeter momma , would it really be so terrible if I never meet a husband ? with that , Charlotte grab skeeter 's hand and take she to a love seat . they sit . this be serious . charlotte I need to ... ask you something , skeeter . I read the other day about how some girl ... get unbalance , start think this ... well , unnatural thought . Charlotte begin to twist the handkerchief she hold . charlotte ( cont 'd ) be you ... do you ... find man attractive ? be you have unnatural thought about ... Charlotte shut she eye tight . charlotte ( cont 'd ) Girls or ... or woman ? 24 . skeeter oh my God ! charlotte because , this article say there 's a cure , a special root tea . skeeter jump up . skeeter mother , I want to be with girl as much as you wanna be with jameso . charlotte eugenia ! skeeter storm out of the room . charlotte ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) carlton 's bring Rebecca to dinner . try to look presentable ! int . phelan plantation - dine room - later that night the phelan dining room be light solely by candle . the phelan 's new may , pascagolua , 40 , roll a cart of casserole around the table . Charlotte sit at the head of the table . she 's have a bowl of broth . skeeter sit next to she Father , ROBERT phelan , 60 . skeeter 's brother , carlton , 25 , sit next to he fiancé , rebecca , 21 . they be perfectly groom with Hollywood good look . carlton what the hell do you know about clean a house , skeeter ? skeeter it 's a start , carlton . carlton ( mockingly ) I think you want to write book . ROBERT leave you sister alone , Son . I be proud of you , sweetheart . Charlotte scoops up some broth with a spoon . 25 . charlotte oh , the irony of it all . givin ' advice on how to keep up a home when she ... Charlotte 's spoon go in she mouth . pascagolua try to scoop some sort of casserole cover in almond onto skeeter 's plate . skeeter stop she . skeeter oh ! no , pascagolua ! you could not have know this ... but , see , I be allergic to almond . pascagolua sorry , miss eugenia . skeeter last time I have a almond , I stop like man . Charlotte glare at skeeter . carlton let out a chuckle . Rebecca be mortify . rebecca oh my Lord . skeeter it 's okay , Rebecca . they have a special root tea now . charlotte you have push it , Young Lady ! pascagolua scurries off . skeeter turn to she father ... skeeter daddy , what happen to Constantine ? the room grow silent . carlton look down to he plate . ROBERT ah ... well , Constantine go to live with she family . people move on , skeeter . but I do wish she would stay down here with we . skeeter I do not believe you . skeeter look to she mother who immediately busy herself with scoop up more broth . skeeter ( cont 'd ) mother , do you ... fire she ? charlotte you would not understand . not until you have hire help of you own . 26 . skeeter she raise I ! Charlotte slap the table and stand . charlotte she did not ! skeeter 's eye fill with tear ... skeeter she work here for twenty - nine year . Charlotte press both hand to she stomach . charlotte it be a color thing , and I have put it behind I . Charlotte pass behind Rebecca and kiss she head . charlotte ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , Rebecca . my daughter have upset my cancerous ulcer . as Charlotte leave the room , Rebecca look at skeeter like she 's the worst person on earth . skeeter get up and storm off into the entry foyer . int . phelan plantation ( flashback ) - entry foyer - night skeeter , 13 and lanky , wear a party dress . despite a tight bun , she strong - will hair have start to frizz . skeeter 's father and brother race down the stair with suitcase . carlton wear a varsity sweater . skeeter good luck down there , carlton . carlton have fun at the dance , skeeter leg . Robert and carlton race outside as Charlotte enter , healthy and glow . charlotte eugenia ! you have grow another inch since breakfast . go put on a dress that fit before that boy and he daddy come pick you up . a horn blow . Charlotte kiss skeeter on the cheek and then look over to constantine , 50 . 27 . Constantine stand tall . her skin be black as night . her eye have a strike honey color hue to they . she wear a white sleep gown . charlotte ( cont 'd ) pray carlton do not like lsu , Constantine . it 's so far . it might be the last we see of he . the horn blow again . Charlotte be out the door . skeeter turn to Constantine who be all smile . constantine go be just you and I all weekend . ext . phelan plantation ( flashback ) - patio - moment later skeeter sit at a picnic table smoking a cigarette . Constantine smoke tobacco out of a corn pipe . skeeter I just could not tell she I do not get ask to the dance . constantine some thing we should just keep to ourselves . skeeter look down to she long , bony leg . skeeter I be already taller than the boy ' basketball coach . how tall be you , Constantine ? constantine I be five - thirteen , so quit feel sorry for yourself . skeeter momma be third runner up in the miss South Carolina pageant . constantine " miss " what ? shoot , child ! you go be " miss something better . " Constantine grab skeeter 's hand and press she thumb firmly to she palm . constantine ( cont 'd ) now you listen . you momma do not pick she life . it pick she , and she do even know it . you go do something big with yours . bigger than you momma or you brother . Constantine let go of skeeter 's palm and wipe a tear from she face . 28 . skeeter what about you ? what do you want to be , Constantine ? Constantine laugh . constantine oh , child ! we do not get to pick . this pick we , and that just how it be . tight on skeeter 's face as Constantine give she a big hug . int . phelen plantation - skeeter' bedroom - next morning skeeter lie in bed stare hole into the ceiling as a rooster announce the morning . a sudden revelation wash over she . in a flash , skeeter be out of bed and run down the stair . int . phelan plantation - kitchen - moment later pascagoula tend to a skillet full of egg next to a black and white tv rest on the counter . close on television : jolene french attempt to deliver the weather on wlbt . jolene sunny sky and a high of ninety - eight today with ninety - nine percent humidity . there 's a slight chance of afternoon shower so y'all carry a umbrella . jolene pivot to camera , lower she chin and smile . skeeter run past pascagoula with a phone and disappear inside the pantry . int . harper and row publishing - office - new york - later elaine stein , 45 , hard but stylish , talk on the phone in a large corner office . she light a cigarette and swivel she chair toward the Manhattan skyline . miss stein what give you this idea , miss phelan ? I be ... curious . int . phelan plantation ( intercut ) - pantry - same time skeeter sit on a huge sack of flour . a millennium 's supply of can goods fill the shelf . 29 . skeeter I be ... well , I be raise by a color woman . I have see how simple it can be and ... well , how complex it can be , too ... between the family and the help . miss stein continue . skeeter I would like to write something from the point of view of the help . this color woman raise white child , and then twenty year later that child become the employer . it 's that irony , miss stein , that we love they and they love we yet ... we do not even let they use the toilet in the house . miss stein 's swivel she chair back around and sit up . miss stein I be listen . skeeter Margaret Mitchell glorify the mammy figure who dedicate she whole life to a white family but no one ... ever ask mammy how she feel about it . there be both undisguise hate for white woman and a inexplicable love , but nobody ever talk about it down here . miss stein so , a side to this never before hear . skeeter yes ! Charlotte knock on the pantry door . charlotte ( o.c . ) skeeter , who be you talk to in there ? skeeter cover the mouth piece and open the door . skeeter go! away ! skeeter slam the door . skeeter ( cont 'd ) so , yes , they side of the story . skeeter lean back against the shelf . 30 . miss stein who be that ? skeeter my mother . she just drop by to - miss stein look , no may in she right mind would ever tell you the truth . that 's a hell of a risk in a place like Jackson , Mississippi . I watch they try to integrate you bus station on the news . oy ! they jamme fifty - five negroes in a jail build for four . skeeter panic . skeeter I already have a may . skeeter can not believe what just come out of she mouth . miss stein rise and sit on the edge of she desk . miss stein really ? a negro may have already agree to talk to you ? skeeter blink hard . no turn back now . skeeter yes , mar 'am ... miss stein well ... I suppose I could read what you come up with . the book biz could use a little rattling . skeeter you would do that ? miss stein I be say I will let you know if it 's even worth pursue . skeeter oh , thank you , miss stein ! miss stein and for God 's sake , you be a twenty - four- year - old educate woman . go get a apartment . she hang up . int . leefolt home - kitchen - later that day skeeter sit across the table from aibileen , read the ` miss myrna ' letter . 31 . outside , wind howl , and the sky grow dark . jolene 's forecast appear to be a bit off . skeeter " dear miss myrna , how do I remove the ring from my fat , slovenly husband 's shirt collar when he be such a pig and sweat like one too ... " aibileen which one she want a get rid of ? they ring or the husband ? skeeter chuckle and shrug she shoulder . aibileen ( cont 'd ) tell she a vinegar and pine -sol soak . then let it set in the sun a bit . skeeter write this down . aibileen ( cont 'd ) Bout a hour . let it dry . skeeter keep write . aibileen notice something outside . hilly walk into the leefolt backyard with she son , billy , 3 , perch on she hip . a contractor , 30 , follow hold a set of plan . skeeter turn to the open window . it 's already start to sprinkle outside . hilly build it just like the one at my house , right against the garage . the contractor nod . lightn strike , thunder crack . hilly ( cont 'd ) oh , mercy ! hilly be off and run with billy . skeeter seize the moment . skeeter aibileen , do you ever wish you could ... change thing ? aibileen turn slowly from the window . skeeter ( cont 'd ) I mean , all that talk yesterday and now with what hilly 's up to . aibileen 's eye fall to the floor . 32 . aibileen everthing 's fine . skeeter my momma fire Constantine . thank you for tell I that . aibileen I never tolt you that ! aibileen jump up as another crack of thunder sound out . skeeter aibileen , I have a idea ... something I want to write about ... but I need you help . skeeter rise . skeeter ( cont 'd ) I want to interview you ... about what it be like to work as a may . aibileen stop at the refrigerator , grip the life out of its handle . skeeter ( cont 'd ) I would like to do a book of interview about work for white family . show what it 's like to work for , say ... Elizabeth . aibileen begin to perspire . she grab the counter to steady herself , then move toward she chair . aibileen you know what would happen to I if miss leefolt know I be tellin' storey on she ? skeeter I be think we would not tell she . the other maid will have to keep it secret , too . aibileen other maid ? skeeter I be hope to get four or five . to really show what it 's like in Jackson . to see what y'all get pay , the baby , the bathroom , the good and the bad . aibileen shake she head . aibileen they set my cousin shinelle 's car on fire just cause she go down to the voting station . 33. skeeter a book have never be write like this , aibileen . aibileen ` Cause they 's a reason . I do this with you , I might as well burn my own house down . bam ! the front door slam shut . int . leefolt home ( intercut ) - live room - same time soaking wet , Elizabeth and she husband , raleigh , 25 , stand toe to toe . raleigh I put up with the new clothes and all the damn trip to New Orleans , but this take the goddamn cake ! elizabeth it will confuse mae mobley if she see aibileen go inside . and we can not risk she health . kitchen : aibileen hear mae mobley cry , but she be freeze . live room : elizabeth ( cont 'd ) hilly speak to the surgeon General ! she also say it will add value to we home ! raleigh great ! mae mobley can just go to college in that bathroom , too . elizabeth honey , hilly 's cover the cost ... and say you can just do William 's tax to pay she back . raleigh we do not take order from the holbrook ! int . leefolt home - kitchen - continuous Raleigh storm in and be surprised to see skeeter . raleigh skeeter ? how you do ? skeeter Fine . 34 . raleigh fix I a sandwich , aibileen . Raleigh storm out as Elizabeth charge into the kitchen . elizabeth aibileen , mae mobley 's cry she eye out ! aibileen run off . Elizabeth see skeeter and try to compose herself . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) skeeter ... hello . I be sorry but I think it 's best if you leave now . skeeter gather she thing . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) and ... I do not think this miss myrna thing be gonna work out with aibileen . int . holbrook house - den - later that day the storm have escalate . the holbrook house be without power . hilly run around lighting candle . missus Walters lie on the couch while minny fan she with a newspaper . missus walter you be make it a lot hotter flap you arm like that . minny stop and begin squirming with discomfort . missus Walters notice she look out to the garage bathroom . lightn strike . leave blow across the yard . hilly plop down in a chair with a candle . hilly that should do it . minny , go get I and momma some iced tea . minny hesitates . she gulp . minny uh ... miss hilly ? hilly yes . minny never mind . as minny turn , missus Walters call out to she . 35 . missus walter you go on ahead and use the guest bath , minny . it 's okay . hilly oh , for cry out loud . it 's just a little rain . she can go get a umbrella up in William 's Study ! missus walter I believe she be work for I before you drag we both here . minny look outside just as wind slam a aluminum lawn chair against the garage bathroom . boom ! another crash of thunder . large hail stone begin fall in the yard . minny I be go get you tea . int . holbrook house - bathroom - second later minny sneak into the guest bath with a candle and shut the door . she carefully lower the seat and sit . relief spread across she face . there 's a knock on the door . she freeze . hilly ( o.c . ) minny ? minny panic , stay completely quiet . int . holbrook house ( intercut ) - hallway - continuous hilly lean into the bathroom door . hilly minnyyyy , be you in there ? minny yes , mar 'am ... hilly be you sit down ? minny get up quickly and flush the toilet . hilly beat on the door . hilly ( cont 'd ) get off of my toilet !!! outside the house , a eerie , groan sound , much like a freight train , intensify . the top of a huge tree snap off and fall against the house , shatter a window . 36 . minny crouch down and cover she head . a draft suck the candle 's flame toward the bottom of the door . int . leefolt home - mae mobley' room - moment later aibileen sit with mae mobley against a interior wall , hold a mattress on top of they and hum in she ear . aibileen ( v.o . ) on top a minny losin ' she tenth job , eighteen people die in Jackson that day . ten white . eight black . ext . phelan plantation - same time skeeter stand in she backyard face Jackson . cool wind head toward the dark , swirl horizon . in the distance , lightning strike . ext . foote estate - front porch - same time celia lean on the porch railing , gaze helplessly as the relentless hail storm pummel she two rosebush . aibileen ( v.o . ) God do not pay no mind to color or class once he set a tornado loose . within second , the rise blossom be go . int / ext . bathroom / backyard ( intercut ) - three month later aibileen use the newly complete bathroom hilly have build in the garage . the wall consist of unpaint plywood with a small window hugging the ceiling . bead of sweat glisten on aibileen 's forehead under a single bulb hang above . aibileen ( v.o . ) soon after , that bitter seed inside of I have sprout and be grow fast ... well into she second pregnancy , Elizabeth exit the house with mae mobley at she side . she wear a awful , homemade maternity dress . elizabeth hurry , aibileen . mae mobley 's up , and I be off to the doctor . aibileen reach behind and flush the toilet . mae mobley get excited and point to the garage bathroom . 37 . mae mobley aibee bafroom , momma ! mae mobley walk toward the bathroom and call out . mae mobley ( cont 'd ) aibee ? Elizabeth grab she and force she down on the back step . elizabeth no ! aibileen be right there , baby girl . aibileen pull up she panty -hose . ext . bus stop - later that afternoon aibileen wait with yule may , 45 , as well as other maid and black male at a bus stop . yule May be tall , pretty and graceful . her hair be pull tightly into a bun . skeeter walk down the sidewalk toward they . she and aibileen catch eye . skeeter wave . yule May inch away from aibileen . one black man in particular look with concern as skeeter walk up . skeeter afternoon , aibileen . aibileen nod nervously , look at the other domestic . skeeter ( cont 'd ) can I talk to you ? a bus pull up . aibileen you get some " miss myrna " question for I ? skeeter no . yule May and other board . skeeter grab aibileen 's arm . skeeter ( cont 'd ) please . aibileen signal to yule May to go on ahead without she . aibileen yes , mar 'am . the bus pull away . 38 . skeeter please let I interview you . I know it 's scary , but I really believe this have to be do . we will be careful . aibileen this already be not careful , miss skeeter . you not know that be what scare I most . I be sorry . skeeter hand aibileen a piece of paper with she phone number write on it . aibileen turn and walk off down the sidewalk . ext . bus stop - later that night Dark outside , aibileen approach another , more integrate bus stop . aibileen ( v.o. ) I know pretty well what happen if the white lady find out we be write about they . womens , they be not like man . woman do n`t beat you with a stick . naw , they like to keep they hand clean . get a shiny set a tool they use , sharp as witch ' fingernails . as aibileen amble toward a bench , two white women in nurse uniform push in front of she and sit . int . MISSISSIPPI law library - next morning skeeter sit at a long table surround by book pile high as if to provide a shield of sort . lying before she , be a old , thin , onionskin booklet curling at the edge . it 's title : " compilation of Jim crow law of the South " skeeter open the booklet and begin read . aibileen ( v.o. ) any person printing , publishing or circulate write matter urging for public acceptance of social equality between white and negroe be subject to imprisonment . int . aibileen be home - kitchen - night aibileen sit at a table wear a nightgown . she carefully comb and style she wig for work in the morning . her real hair be bound tightly in dozen of tightly bound nub . 39 . the rotary wall phone ring . aibileen hang the wig on she chair and answer . int . minny' house ( intercut ) - hallway - same time minny be hysterical . minny oh , aibileen ! I go and do it now ! minny wrap a hand up in the phone cord . minny ( cont 'd ) miss hilly be tellin ' everbody in town I steal a candelabra ! that 's why I can not get no job . aibileen everbody know you honest , minny . minny oh , but I get she back ... I do something awful , aibileen . aibileen what you do ?! ext . holbrook house ( flashback ) - day minny stand on hilly 's porch hold a chocolate pie . minny ( o.s. ) I cai not tell ! I be not tellin' nobody ! I do a terrible awful thing to that woman . and now she know what I do ! hilly answer the door and snarl at minny . minny present the pie and say " I be sorry . " hilly wave minny inside . int . minny' house - hallway - moment later minny she get what she deserve , aibileen . but , now I be not go never get no work again ... leroy go kill I . minny 's husband , leroy , 40 , approach behind minny . minny slowly turn ... int . aibileen be house - kitchen - continuous aibileen hear a loud slap and minny 's phone drop to the floor . yelling and scream follow . 40 . aibileen minny ! she can not bear to listen and hang up the phone . she see skeeter 's phone number tape to the wall . aibileen 's breath become heavy . anger well inside she . she pick up the phone again and begin to dial . ext . aibileen be house - next night - dusk wearing a black scarf over she hair and clutching she red satchel , skeeter approach a small , one - story wood structure . White paint peel , hydrangeas fill the yard . skeeter spy a old pickup truck park on the side of aibileen 's house , completely cover in year of dust . skeeter check over she shoulder several time . the porch step creak under she big foot . aibileen quickly open the door and wave she inside . int . aibileen be house - live room - continuous aibileen wear the same yellow dress she wear in the first scene . skeeter I park way up on State Street and catch a cab here like you ask . aibileen get drop two street over ? skeeter nod . skeeter aibileen , I now know it 's against the law for we to meet like this . skeeter stare aibileen up and down . aibileen self - consciously flatten we she dress . skeeter ( cont 'd ) I have never see you out of uniform before . you look nice , aibileen . aibileen thank you . aibileen motion for skeeter to sit on a narrow sofa behind a coffee table cover in hand - tatted lace . a tray hold a teapot , two cup that do not match and cookie rest on fold napkin . as aibileen pour the tea , she hand shake . 41 . aibileen ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I have never have a white person in my house before . skeeter sip she tea . skeeter I have never be in a color person 's home before . I think we be both do great . this tea be really nice . aibileen watch as skeeter take a bite of the cookie . aibileen miss skeeter , what if ... what if you do not like what I get to say ? about white people ? skeeter I ...this be not about my opinion . it do not matter how I feel . aibileen you go have to change my name . mine , miss leefolt 's , everbody 's . skeeter everybody ? so , you know other maid who might be interested ? aibileen be quiet for a moment . she shake she head . aibileen it go be hard . skeeter what about minny ? aibileen minny get she some storey , sho nuff . but , she be not real keen on talk to white people right now . int . aibileen be house - kitchen - moment later we continue with the interview see on page one . skeeter what do it feel like , to raise a white child when you own child 's at home , be ... look after by somebody else ? aibileen it feel ... uh. aibileen glance up to the frame picture of treelore . skeeter be that you son ? 42 . aibileen yes , mar 'am . he dead two year now . get run over at the lumber yard . lung be crush . skeeter I be so sorry . that 's horrible . and , aibileen , you do not have to call I " ma'am . " not here anyway . aibileen nod . skeeter stare at she list of question . skeeter ( cont 'd ) do you want to talk about the bathroom ? or , about elizab -- miss leefolt ? anything about the way she pay you ? have she ever yell at you in front of mae mobley ? aibileen shake she head . aibileen I be sorry , I - aibileen cover she mouth with she hand . skeeter become disgust with herself . skeeter no , I be . she pull out a stack of miss myrna letter . skeeter ( cont 'd ) let 's just do a couple of miss myrna letter , and I will run on ... aibileen I think I might write my storey down and read they to you . skeeter well , sure I guess . aibileen it no different than write down my prayer . skeeter you do not say you prayer aloud ? aibileen prayer like electricity . it keep life go . write it down make it more powerful . lot a ail , sick people in this town . skeeter I be sure . aibileen I do not get a chance to pray for treelore . 43. aibileen ( cont 'd ) God take he fast `cause he do not want to argue with I . he be just twenty - four year old . the best part of a person 's life . skeeter oh , aibileen . aibileen but he would like we 's do this . he always say we go have a writer in the family one day ... after my prayer last night , I get some storey down too . skeeter nod . aibileen open she notebook and read . aibileen ( cont 'd ) my first white baby to ever look after be name alton carrington speer . it be 1938 , and I would just turn fourteen year old . daddy have leave we , so I drop out a school to help momma with the bill . int . mount zion babtist church - morning a congregation of three hundred stand sing lively with the large choir . aibileen stand next to yule May and be whisper in she ear . yule suddenly lean back , shocked , shaking she head " no . " minny watch from two pews back . her curiosity be peak . aibileen ( v.o. ) alton 's momma die a lung disease . I love that baby , and he love I . that 's when I learn I could make child feel proud of theyselves . int . harper and row publishing - office - new york miss stein sit at she desk read aibileen 's storey . aibileen ( v.o. ) alton use to always be ask I how come I 's black ... int . aibileen be house - kitchen - moment later aibileen it just eat he up , so one time I tell he it cause I drank too much coffee . oh , law , you should a see he face . 44 . skeeter laugh as she write down aibileen 's story . skeeter this be great . you have no idea how much I appreciate this ... but I just have to ask . what change you mind ? aibileen ( without pause ) miss hilly holbrook . int . junior league headquarters - morning hilly stand at a podium bang a gavel . the pleat of she navy blue sailor 's number fan out like a accordion . a room full of junior league member sit up and quiet down . half the girl be pregnant and most all drink tab and be smoking . skeeter sit in the back next to Elizabeth . hilly we be run behind on we " coat drive , " girl . so hurry up and clean out that closet ... but we Christmas benefit , however , be right on schedule as y'all have already fill all we baked goods raffle slot . the girl applaud , turn to each other with praise . hilly ( cont 'd ) y'all think we can put a dent in the African Children 's hunger this year ? more applause . that who be not pregnant , stand . hilly beam . Elizabeth nudge skeeter out of she chair . hilly ( cont 'd ) now for some exciting news ... I want y'all to be the first to know ... my William be seek election to the State Senate this November ! now , even the pregnant woman stand . Elizabeth grab skeeter 's arm and pull herself up . hilly ( cont 'd ) he 's runnin ' on a platform of health . protect we child . protect we way of life . so , I , with William , have draft the Home Health sanitation initiative . this set off a room of whisper . 45 . hilly ( cont 'd ) skeeter , when can we expect to see the initiative in the newsletter ? I give it to you a month ago . everyone turn to skeeter . Elizabeth panic . elizabeth I give that to you myself ! skeeter I , ah ... well , I - hilly would you please stand , skeeter ? as skeeter rise , several woman shake they head . skeeter I will have it in there soon . skeeter glance at the initiative tuck in she satchel . ext . league headquarters - parking lot - later that day skeeter turn a corner and see hilly lean on she car . skeeter hilly ? do you need a ride ? hilly shake she head with little emotion . skeeter ( cont 'd ) I be sorry about the newsletter . hilly nod . a soft smile begin to form . skeeter ( cont 'd ) with momma be sick and - hilly erupt with excitement . hilly he 's come ! oh , skeeter , he 's definitely come this time . this Saturday night . skeeter oh , hilly , he 's cancel twice before . maybe it 's a sign . hilly do not you dare say that ! skeeter you know I will not be he type . hilly grab skeeter by the shoulder . 46 . hilly it 's you time , skeeter . and damnit , I be not go to let you miss this just because you mother convinced you you be not good enough for somebody like he . int . minny' house - kitchen - morning minny be again wear she may 's uniform . she put two plate of food down on the kitchen table . she sit next to she daughter , sugar , 15 . sugar wear a brand - spanking - new maid 's uniform . minny eat up , girl . miss woodra 's like to not feed ya on try - out day . sugar take a bite of toast . minny ( cont 'd ) I still say you be too young to be waitin ' on white people ... now , sugar , I want you to listen to I , and you listen to I good . minny grab sugar 's face and look she right in the eye . minny ( cont 'd ) this be the rule for work in a white lady 's house . sugar jerk she face away and stick she lip out . minny ( cont 'd ) rule number one : do not you ever let White Lady find you sittin ' on she toilet . sugar nod . minny ( cont 'd ) number two : you keep you nose out of White Lady 's problem , and do not cry to she with yours . White people be not you friend . ext . rural bus stop - later that morning minny step off a bus and walk down a old country road . minny ( v.o . ) number Three : when you be cooking white food , taste it with a different spoon . they see you put the taste spoon back in the pot , might as well throw it all out . spoon , too . 47 . ext . foote estate - later minny approach the foote estate . she stop just short of stair lead up to the front porch . minny ( v.o . ) four : you use the same cup , same fork , same plate every day . minny take she first step on the stair . minny ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) five : do not hit she kid . White people do they own spanking . minny slowly raise she hand to knock on the front door . minny ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) six : no sass - mouth ! minny knock . minny ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) number six , minny . number six . the door fly open . celia foote answer . she 's cover in tight pink clothes . flour cover she face and hair . celia hey there ! I be celia rae foote . aibileen say you would be on time . minny look down disapprovingly to celia 's bare foot . celia ( cont 'd ) can I get you a cold coca-cola ? minny no , thank you . I be minny Jackson ... you ... cooking something ? celia one of that upsidedow cake from the magazine . it be not workin ' out too good . come on in . int . foote estate - kitchen - moment later minny enter behind celia gawk at the flour massacre . minny what in the hell - minny catch herself . minny ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) tuck it in , minny . tuck it in . 48 . celia I guess I have some learnin ' to do . minny ( stupid smile ) you sure do . int . foote estate - dine room - continuous minny and celia enter a huge dining room . minny gawk at a dusty mahogany table surround by twelve chair . celia johnny 's momma would not let I decorate a thing . if I have my way , this house would have wall to wall white carpet with gold trim and none of this old stuff . minny spy a frame battle - wear confederate flag complete with bullet hole . minny where you from ? celia lower she head in shame ... celia sugar Ditch . it 's near Memphis . minny I know sugar Ditch . my cousin live there . celia change the subject . celia let 's go meet oscar ! celia grab minny 's hand . annoy , minny pull it away . int . foote estate - live room - moment later minny stand at the base of a massive , stuff Grizzly bear . it clear the twelve - foot ceiling by a inch . celia johnny 's granddaddy shot he up in Montana back in 1910 with teddy Roosevelt . celia point to fifteen gun mount behind oscar . celia ( cont 'd ) we get five bedroom and bathroom here in the main house . the pool house have two more bed and bath . 49 . minny when you go have some chillin , start fillin ' up all this bed ? celia swallow hard . she place she hand on she stomach . celia I be pregnant now . minny step back and survey celia . minny go be eatin ' for two . double the cookin' . celia slump she shoulder as she look around the house . celia I know it 's a awful lot to do . five other maid have already turn I down ... can I at least give you some bus money ? minny when you hear I say I do not wanna clean this house ? celia what ? so ... you will do it ?! before minny can nod . celia throw she arm around she . minny back away . minny no huggin ' , now . no huggin' . celia I be sorry . this be my first time hire a may . minny we get to talk about some thing first . I work Sunday through Friday . celia bite she pinky nail . celia you can not come at all on weekend . minny okay . what time you want I here ? celia after eight , and you have to leave at four . minny okay . now what you husband say you can pay ? celia look away . 50 . celia johnny do not know I be bring in help . minny and what 's Mr. johnny go do if he come home and find a color woman up in he kitchen ? celia it 's not that I would be fibbing . I just want he to think I can do this on my own ... I need some help `til I get the hang of it . I need a may . minny a course you do . last one do get shot in the head . minny sniff the air . minny ( cont 'd ) miss celia , I think you do burn up yo cake . int . foote estate - kitchen - second later celia grab a rag off the sink and jerk the cake out of the oven . celia oww ! dawgonit ! she drop the burnt cake on the floor . minny you can not use no wet towel on a hot pan . minny grab a dry towel and pick up the cake . minny ( cont 'd ) I will take this burnt up cake with I so mister johnny do not see it . int . leefolt home - mae mobley' room - morning aibileen remove mae mobley 's wet cloth diaper on a change table . mae mobley 's behind be cover with inflame diaper rash . aibileen shake she head . Elizabeth enter the room . elizabeth I be off , aibileen . do not forget Raleigh want pot roast tonight . 51 . aibileen yes , mar 'am . aibileen 's eye narrow . int . aibileen be home - kitchen - later that night skeeter work with a typewriter now . aibileen , more casually dress than before , wait for skeeter to finish type . aibileen I reckon I be ready ... to talk about miss leefolt now . skeeter stop type and look up . she nod . aibileen ( cont 'd ) baby girl do not get she diaper change `til I get there in the morning . that 's `bout ten hour she got to sit in she mess . I be so worried about she on my day off . I always come in a hour early on monday . int . phelan plantation - kitchen - night Charlotte sit at a table sorting through mail as skeeter enter and grab a apple aibileen ( v.o. ) miss leefolt pregnant again , too . and , law , I pray this child turn out good . it a lonely road if a momma do not think theys child be pretty . Charlotte glance down disapprovingly at the dingy , huarache shoe on skeeter 's foot . skeeter head for the door . charlotte where be you go , skeeter ? skeeter turn . skeeter Bible study . charlotte on a Saturday night ? skeeter momma , God do not care what day of the week it be . skeeter walk out the back door as Charlotte shake she head . 52 . ext . jolene french house - garage - day hilly , Elizabeth and jolene french stand with hilly 's contractor . he unroll a set of bathroom plan . hilly and Elizabeth look to jolene and nod approvingly . int . aibileen' kitchen - night skeeter 's type slow . aibileen miss leefolt be spend so much time keep up with the society lady , she do forget the child she get now . just then minny barge through the kitchen back door . minny aibileen ! minny stop cold in she track at the sight of skeeter . minny ( cont 'd ) yule May tell I what y'all up to . aibileen nod . minny 's face harden . minny ( cont 'd ) medgar ever live five minute away . they blow up he carport last night . for talk ! minny scowl at skeeter . minny ( cont 'd ) what make you think color people need you help ? you white . why you care ? aibileen we all work for the same thing . minny ( to skeeter ) maybe you just want to get she in trouble . skeeter be petrify . her face redden . skeeter I want to show she perspective ... so people might understand what it 's like from you side . minny well it 's a real fourth of July picnic . 53. minny ( cont 'd ) it 's what we dream a do all weekend long , get back in they house to polish the silver . and we just love not get minimum wage or Social Security . skeeter I know , minny . maybe thing might change if - minny what law 's gonna say you gotta be nice to you may ? and another thing , I do not want my child go to school with white kid . and I do not care a thing about votin . ' only thing black mens get elect to be deacon of the church . aibileen you do not have to do this , minny . minny you damn right I do not ! you two givin ' I the heart palpitation . minny storm out the back door . skeeter look like she might get sick . aibileen and that be a good mood . minny immediately storm back in the kitchen . minny all right ... I be go do it . I just want to make sure you know this be not no game we be play here . skeeter nod , tremble as minny slide a chair in the middle of the kitchen and sit . minny ( cont 'd ) ( to skeeter ) slide you chair out from under that table and face I . I want to see you square on at all time . still tremble , skeeter slide she chair from the table and just sit there stare at minny . minny ( cont 'd ) I 's get to come up with you question , too ?! skeeter let 's begin ... begin with ... with where you be bear . aibileen grab she notebook and begin write . 54 . minny belzoni , Mississippi on my great - auntie 's sofa . next ! int . aibileen be house - kitchen - hour later minny talk a mile a minute . aibileen continue write . aibileen ( v.o. ) once minny get to talk `bout food , she like to never stop ... minny I put the green bean in first , then I go on and get the pork chop go cause , mmm-mmm , I like my chop hot out the pan . just as aibileen fill the first notebook , skeeter hand she another from she satchel . aibileen ( v.o. ) but when she get to talk about the white lady , it take all night ... int . aibileen be house - kitchen - sunrise the first sign of morning sun filter into the kitchen . minny " oh , minny , I be go give you a week pay vacation . " now , I be not have no pay vacation in my life . a week later , I come back and they would move to mobile . " miss lazy finger " scared I would find a new job before she move ... minny spin around to aibileen with sudden realization ... minny ( cont 'd ) we got to get more maid ! minny stand . skeeter 's eye widen with hope . aibileen I know , but it hard , minny . mind racing , minny fly out the door without a word . aibileen turn to skeeter . aibileen ( cont 'd ) you go and do it now . 55 . int . harper and row publishing - office - new york - day miss stein discuss aibileen and minny 's storey with skeeter on the phone . miss stein I like this " Sarah Ross . " she can kvetch but not complain too much . int - phelan plantation ( intercut ) - pantry skeeter nod rapidly as if she know what " kvetch " mean . miss stein and this " bertha " ... she 's get chutzpah . I will give she that . skeeter so ... you like it ? miss stein eugenia , Martin luther King just invite the country to march with he in D.C. this August . this many negroe and white have not work together since " go with the wind . " skeeter do this mean you will publish it ? miss stein I never say that . my advice be to write it fast before this civil rights thing blow over . I need it by New Year 's , and do not send I anything more until you have twelve maid . skeeter twelve ? miss stein at least . int . aibileen' kitchen - that night minny , aibileen and skeeter sit at the kitchen table . minny aibileen and I do ask everbody we know . thirty - one maid . everbody too scared , think we crazy ... skeeter then we might as well stop ! 56 . minny I get plenty a storey , miss skeeter . just write`em down and invent a may that say it . we already make up everbody 's name . make up the maid , too . skeeter jump up from she chair . skeeter we can not do that ! aibileen and minny lean back . skeeter ( cont 'd ) I mean ... I would never do that . it would not be real . it 's wrong . aibileen do not give up on we , miss skeeter . skeeter soften and sit back down . skeeter I be sorry . thank you both for try . int . jackson journal newspaper - office - day skeeter deliver the " miss myrna " column to the receptionist , who hand she back a paycheck . int . foote estate - kitchen celia and minny stand at a fry chicken assembly line . minny what can you cook ? minny dip piece chicken in a egg wash , then drop they in a paper bag . a puff of flour rise out of the bag . celia I can cook corn pone , boil potato , and do grit . minny burst out laugh . celia ( cont 'd ) we do not have electric current where I be raise . minny well , I reckon if there 's anything you ought to know `bout cooking ... minny hold up a can of crisco . 57 . minny ( cont 'd ) it 's this . the most important invention since they put mayonnaise in a jar . you do not even know the thing you can do with this here can . celia peer into the skillet as minny spoon out a mound of crisco . celia how pretty . look like frosting . minny roll she eye and hand celia the bag of Chicken . minny shake that . celia start shaking the bag . celia this be fun ! int . foote estate - kitchen - later minny sit down at the table with a plate of chicken . celia sit down next to she . celia look so good ! I be starve . aggravate , minny stand . minny you suppose to eat in the dining room , miss celia . that how it work . minny grab celia 's plate . minny ( cont 'd ) here , I will take you plate in the dinin ' room for ya . want tea ? celia I be fine right here , minny . minny sit back down with a sigh . celia touch she arm . celia ( cont 'd ) I be real grateful you be here . minny miss celia , you get a lot more to be grateful for than I . a car be hear pull up in the driveway . minny panic . minny ( cont 'd ) mister johnny ?! 58 . celia oh , no ! hide ! minny slide down underneath the kitchen table . celia ( cont 'd ) oh ... it 's just the florist . johnny must have send I flower . minny pull herself up off the floor . she 's mad . minny miss celia , I be not playin ' around no more ! he go catch I here and shoot I dead right here on this no - wax floor ! you got to tell he . ai not he wonder how the cooking so good ? celia foote you be right . maybe we ought to burn the chicken a little . the doorbell ring . celia run off to answer . minny minny do not burn chicken . int . phelan plantation - kitchen - day skeeter sit with a towel drape across she shoulder . Charlotte , now in a auburn wig , squirt mound of goo from a pink tube onto skeeter 's hair . charlotte this be bound to work , sweetie . it even smell expensive . she begin twist skeeter 's hair into gooey spike . skeeter I feel the hope in you finger . skeeter resemble a papier maché starfish . charlotte how can you not know he last name ? skeeter he 's William 's cousin . that 's all I know . charlotte that 's just so sweet of hilly . Charlotte take a drag from she cigarette , then lift up a silver machine complete with power cord and rubber hose . skeeter what be that ?! 59 . charlotte the shinolator ! it cost eleven dollar . I be a good mother . Charlotte put a shower cap device on skeeter 's head and read from the shinolator manual . charlotte ( cont 'd ) " the Miracle straiten cap " must remain on the head for two hour . " skeeter two hour ?! Charlotte flip a switch and take another drag . the machine groan to life . skeeter 's cap inflate . charlotte I will have pascagoula bring you a magazine . skeeter snatch she mother 's cigarette and take a drag . int . phelan plantation - kitchen - moment later skeeter sit under the shinolator bury in a magazine . pascagoula enter and set down a glass of tea . skeeter thanks , Constantine . do you think this dress be cute ? skeeter hold the magazine up to pascagoula . only now do she realize what she 's say and do . skeeter ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . thanks , pascagoula . pascagoula nod and start to walk away then turn . pascagolua I know Constantine . she be a mighty fine woman . int . phelen plantation - skeeter' bedroom - later that day the shinolator be a success . skeeter 's hair be straight , silky and beautiful . skeeter Holy shit . charlotte you have shrink five inch . you will be able to wear heel tonight . Charlotte look down to the huarache shoe on skeeter 's foot and rush to the closet . 60 . charlotte ( cont 'd ) you be not leave this house in that awful , mexican , man shoe . Charlotte pull out a dress and pair of heel . charlotte ( cont 'd ) what time be he pick you up ? skeeter he 's meeting I at hilly 's . can I take the cadillac ? charlotte we promise carlton the cadillac tonight . so , William 's cousin will just have to come get you himself . skeeter I will take the truck . charlotte it 's hook to the motor grader . skeeter I will drive slow . ext . phelan plantation - field - later that afternoon skeeter pull away in a rusted 1941 chevy farm truck with a huge motor grader attach . Charlotte run next to the truck . her wig be askew . charlotte do not mope . remember to smile ! skeeter floor it . Charlotte run faster . charlotte ( cont 'd ) and , do not sit like some squaw indian . Cross ! you ! ankle ! skeeter leave she mother in a cloud of dust . charlotte ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) I love you ! int . farm truck - country road - moment later chunks of mud fly off the tire . the June sun have set the truck 's interior at a stubborn 115 degree . skeeter have no choice but to lower she window . the shinolator meet its match . a mangy , stray cat suddenly jump out in the road . when towing 10,000 pound of farm equipment , slow down quickly be not a option . 61 . a loud thud sound out from the truck 's grill . int . holbrook house - parlor - later that night hilly , she husband , william , and skeeter 's date , stuart whitworth , drink high ball and eat cheese in the holbrook parlor . gold swag curtain hang on the window . bald and pudgy , only William 's family money once make he a desirable bachelor . Stuart , on the other hand , be very handsome , the " marlboro man " in a well - tailore suit . yule May ( who we meet earlier at church with aibileen ) now work for hilly . she clear empty glass . william with you daddy 's endorsement , I can win that Senate seat . Stuart feign interest . stuart I will talk to he . Ice slam against Stuart 's tooth as he downs he drink . hilly pat William 's leg then turn with concern to a grandfather clock announce half past the hour . the front door fly open . skeeter enter completely out of breath and sweaty . her hair have triple in size . she wave . skeeter hey . as hilly race toward skeeter , William and Stuart stand . Stuart be as tall as he be handsome . hilly boy , we will be right back . y'all talk about quarterback or something . yule May , get miss skeeter a coca cola . yule May run off . hilly pull skeeter down the hall . int . holbrook house - bathroom - moment later skeeter sit on the toilet down a coca -cola . hilly twist the last of skeeter 's hair into giant roller . hilly skeeter , you do not even have on lipstick ! skeeter dab she armpit . 62 . skeeter it be so goddamn awful . I hit a cat . hilly spray final Net . hilly well ... what do you think of he ? skeeter apply lipstick . hilly remove the roller . skeeter he look handsome . skeeter stand up and do a twirl for hilly . skeeter ( cont 'd ) all right , give it to I . one to ten ? hilly spray skeeter with perfume and stand back . hilly Seven . skeeter really ?! Seven ? hilly nod , let out a little squeal . hilly honey , you be beautiful . just go on out there ... you be gonna do great . it 's you time , skeeter . I just know it . hilly hug skeeter . int . ROBERT E. lee HOTEL - dine room - night hilly , William , Stuart and skeeter sit at a round table adorn with white linen , silver and fine china . the room buzze with Jackson 's elite all try to be notice as a jazz quartet play softly in a corner . a waiter approach . Stuart lean into skeeter without make eye contact . stuart you want a drink ? skeeter just water , please . stuart ( to waiter ) double Old kentucky straight ... with a water back ... make that two back . 63. skeeter thanks ?! so ... you go to Alabama ? Stuart nod . hilly roll she eye . hilly " Roll tide . " we still love he . hilly pinch Stuart on the cheek . skeeter now you be in the oil business . hilly say you be a rigsite leader . stuart the money 's good . if that 's what you really want to know . skeeter that 's not what I - skeeter and hilly watch as Stuart 's and William 's eye fix on the front of the restaurant . celia and johnny have enter . celia wear a tight green dress and the reddest lipstick ever put in a tube . stuart be not that you old boyfriend , hilly ? johnny foote ? hilly scowl . stuart ( cont 'd ) who 's he girl ? Lord , she 's hotter than Delta asphalt . celia spot hilly and give a self - conscious wave . hilly William ! the Lieutenant Governor just walk in . hilly jump up and pull William away . the waiter return with Stuart 's drink and the water back . stuart so , what do you do with you time ? skeeter I write a... a domestic maintenance column for the Jackson Journal . Stuart smirk , take a huge sip of he drink . stuart you mean housekeep ? skeeter nod and grab she water . 64 . stuart ( cont 'd ) Jesus , I can not think of anything worse than read a clean column . except maybe write one . int . ROBERT E. lee HOTEL - lobby - same time hilly and William finish shaking hand with the Lieutenant Governor . as he walk away , hilly shout out . hilly we would love you support on election day ! celia and johnny walk up . hilly stiffen . johnny hilly , you look lovely tonight . hilly thank you , johnny . johnny William , have you ever meet celia ? William step forward and shake celia 's hand . william Nice to meet you . hilly grab the crook of William 's arm . hilly sweetie , we need to go order we dinner . celia muster up all the courage inside she . celia foote hilly , do you ever get the message that I have be call you ? hilly I do not . celia foote well , I would love to help with the benefit . I have a lovely hand if you need invitation address . hilly " save the date " be mail week ago ... you do not get one ? celia shake she head . hilly ( cont 'd ) mail 's a lot slower way out there in the country , huh ? 65 . hilly ( cont 'd ) ( to william ) now , come on , before they run out of trout almondine . hilly pull William away . johnny grab celia 's hand . int . ROBERT E. lee HOTEL - dine room - continuous stuart sound like a ploy to find a husband ... become a expert on keep house . skeeter well , you must be a genius . you figure out my whole scheme . skeeter fume as hilly and William return and sit . hilly what would we miss ? stuart be not that what you woman from ole miss major in ? professional husband hunt ? skeeter I be sorry , but be you drop on you head as a infant ? Stuart blink and then smile , somewhat impressed . desperate to change the subject , hilly clap she hand . hilly who ? be ? hungry ? skeeter stand . skeeter not I ! a kiss from God could not turn this `frog ' into a `prince . ' tables begin to stare . stuart or you a `princess , ' sweetheart ! as skeeter walk away , she purposefully slide she purse into a glass of water , knock it over into Stuart 's lap . int . holbrook house - dine room - morning hilly and William each have a section of newspaper in they face as yule May clear breakfast dish . yule May linger nervously . 66 . hilly run on , now , yule May . get a big crowd come for miss leefolt 's baby shower . yule may miss hilly , I would like to ask you and mister William something . hilly lower she paper and nod . yule May begin wrenching she hand . yule may ( cont 'd ) my twin boy finish high school , both on the honor roll ... my husband and I have be save for year to send they to college . hilly okay ... only now do William lower he paper . yule may we be short seventy - five dollar on one of the tuition . William stand up , kiss hilly on the cheek . william well , I be late . gotta go . William leave . hilly go on ... yule may now ... we be face with have to choose . which son get to go ... if we do not find all the money . hilly draw in a deep breath as do yule May . yule may ( cont 'd ) would you consider givin ' we a loan ? I will ... I will work for free until it 's pay off . hilly that 's not work for free , yule May . that 's pay off a debt . yule may yes , mar 'am . hilly as a Christian , I be go to do you a favor . yule May 's eye widen as a hopeful smile form . 67 . hilly ( cont 'd ) God do not give charity to that who be well and able . you need to come up with this money on you own . you will thank I one day . hilly raise the paper up to she face as yule May exit . int . white grocery store - later that morning minny and aibileen , in uniform , push cart side by side in the grocery store . the white shopper be dress casually . other maid in the store ( all require to be in uniform while shopping ) keep quietly to themselves . White woman smile and chat with one another as they meander down the aisle as if the black maid be not even there . minny suddenly spot celia in the produce section . she pull aibileen close as they peer around the corner . minny that 's she . aibileen 's mouth drop open at the sight of celia 's short and tight sweater . celia be have trouble select produce . minny ( cont 'd ) Lord , she 's try to shop . celia walk up to a may , grab she , and pull she to the tomato . the may , clearly uncomfortable , select a tomato , hand it to celia , and scurries away . celia ( shout out ) thanks , doll ! minny miss celia just do not see `em . the line . not between we , miss hilly , nobody . aibileen just nod . minny ( cont 'd ) what you so quiet for ? I know you get a opinion `bout all this . aibileen you go accuse I a philosophize . minny I be not afraid a no philosophy . 68 . aibileen I do not believe in line anymore . line be in we head `cause people like miss hilly try to make we believe they there . celia squeeze a canteloupe with another scared may . minny oh , they there . I know . I get punish for crossing they . ext . bus stop - moment later aibileen and minny continue they conversation while wait with several other maid at a bus stop in front of the store . aibileen lotta of folk think if you talk back to you husband , you cross a line ... need to be punish . minny you know I be not study no line like that . aibileen Cause it be not there . ` cept in leroy 's head . line between black and white be not there either . minny and aibileen watch as celia exit the store with she grocery and prance toward she car . minny so , I be not crossing no line if I tell miss celia she be not good enough for miss hilly ? tell she she be not in miss hilly 's league ? aibileen all I be say be kindness do not have no boundary . just then , myrlie ever , 30 , ( medgar ever wife ) approach the bus stop with she three Children . son , 10 and 3 , and a daughter , 8. aibileen and minny nod as the ever walk past and sit on a bench . aibileen ( cont 'd ) Law , the ever child have get so big ! minny ( quietly ) Cause they happy . myrlie get she a good man ... and you better not try to say they be not no line between she medgar and my leroy . 69 . aibileen no . you get I . a bus pull up and the door open . minny , aibileen and the other maid step aside to let the ever family board first . ext . holbrook house - back yard - later that day aibileen have come along to aid yule May with Elizabeth 's baby shower . a table be set in the middle of the yard cover in white linen and hilly 's best sliver . hilly 's son sit on she lap . the other girl ' child wear bathing suit jump noisily in and out of two plastic kiddy pool . yule May clear cake plate while aibileen remove crumb with a sterling crumb scraper . mae mobley wander up to the table . her belly almost look distend cramme inside last year 's one piece . mae mobley mae Mo hungry , momma . Elizabeth turn to mae mobley but never get up . elizabeth she 's always hungry . all the woman laugh except for skeeter . skeeter you know she can hear you , Elizabeth ? Elizabeth look down to she plate . aibileen set down the scraper and kneel down to mae mobley . aibileen I be on cut you some cake , baby . elizabeth aibileen , we give that scraper to hilly and William for they wedding present . chantilly ! aibileen it so pretty . hilly begin bounce William Jr. on she knee . hilly aibileen , be you enjoy you new bathroom over at Elizabeth 's ? hilly nod with a tight smile and glance to the ground at skeeter 's red satchel . 70 . hilly ( cont 'd ) Nice to have you own , be not it ? aibileen yes , mar 'am . hilly Separate but equal . that 's what Ross barnett say , and you can not argue with the Governor . skeeter not in Mississippi . birthplace of modern day government . hilly narrow she eye at skeeter and turn to aibileen . hilly aibileen , do you know that I and mister holbrook arrange for that bathroom ? send the boy over and the equipment , too . hilly stay on aibileen , wait for she to say something . skeeter fume , hope aibileen do not say it . aibileen yes , mar 'am ... and I thank you . hilly smile and nod . hilly well ... you. are. welcome . hilly shoot skeeter a last look . William Jr. lean into hilly and hug she . aibileen ( v.o. ) one thing I get to say about miss hilly , she love she child . always tellin ' they they smart and beautiful . can not go more than ten minute without givin ' one a kiss . hilly kiss she son gently . aibileen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and , law , do they love she back . when she start up on I , I just try and think a my sweet treelore and how much he love I . that kind a love make I cry . even when it go to miss hilly . hilly again glance to the red satchel , stare quizzically at the wear booklet of the Jim crow law stick out . int . holbrook house - kitchen - later that day yule May wash dish as the woman be hear say they " good - by " on the street . skeeter slip into the kitchen . 71 . yule may May I get you something ? skeeter no , thanks ... ( hushed ) yule May , I want to talk to you . yule May turn off the sink faucet make sure hilly be still cackle out on the street . yule may I know what you want to ask , miss skeeter . aibileen and minny already do . yule May close the kitchen door . yule may ( cont 'd ) I be try to get my boy off to college . it 's worthwhile what y'all do , but my boy be worth more . skeeter I understand . hilly ( o.c. ) what do you " understand , " skeeter ? skeeter and yule May turn to find hilly stand in the swinging door lead into the dining room . skeeter ah ... yule May be just tell I how excited she be that she boy be go to go to college . hilly be that true , yule May ? yule may yes , ma'am . skeeter notice that hilly be hold the booklet of Jim crow law in she hand . hilly do you also ask miss skeeter if you could borrow money ? skeeter of course not , hilly ! hilly approach skeeter . hilly skeeter , I be start to think you be intentionally not put my initiative in the newsletter . eye down , yule May hurry out of the kitchen . 72 . skeeter not at all . I be just so busy right now with Mom . hilly skeeter ... I be sorry about you mother . and I know you must be so worried . hilly hold up the Jim crow booklet . hilly ( cont 'd ) but I be worried about you . all this carry on lately and now you be read this stuff ? skeeter my dad have I get that for he . hilly I mean , around you friend be one thing ... but , believe it or not , there be real racist in this town ! if the wrong person catch you with this ... you would be in serious trouble . skeeter snatch the booklet from hilly . skeeter thanks , hilly ! and thanks for go through my thing . int . phelan plantation - skeeter' bedroom - next day skeeter type feverishly while smoking a cigarette . key type out : " Home help sanitation initiative . " skeeter pick up hilly 's document and shake she head . she type : do not risk you child 's and family 's health ! int . holbrook house - live room - day yule May vacuum . she pull the sofa away from the wall to clean beneath it . notice something on the floor , yule May lean over . she rise hold a SMALL ruby ring . year of dust and hair blanket the pitiful gem set in ten karat gold . the vacuum seem to roar louder now . yule May breathes heavily . she shove the ring into she uniform pocket . int . phelen plantation - skeeter' bedroom - that afternoon as skeeter bang away on she typewriter , Charlotte burst into the room , stick somewhere between panic and joy . 73. charlotte skeeter ! skeeter what ?! charlotte do not panic , but there 's a very tall man name Stuart here for you . skeeter he 's a drunken asshole , mother . you would not like he . Charlotte pull a sun dress out of skeeter 's closet . charlotte skeeter , love and hate be two horn on the same goat . and , you need a goat ! int . phelan plantation - live room - moment later skeeter , Charlotte and Stuart sit in the live room . pascagoula serve finger sandwich . Stuart look nice in khaki pants , a blue blazer and a red tie . his nose be pink from work in the sun . no one say a word . finally ... charlotte Stuart , would you like a cocktail ? skeeter shoot she mother a " what the ... " look . stuart no , ma'am . Little too early . skeeter ha ! Charlotte move on . charlotte what 's you last name , Stuart ? stuart whitworth . charlotte hmm ... where be you from ? stuart natchez . charlotte really ? well , I know a whitworth from natchez ... but he 's a Senator up in Washington . 74 . stuart yes , ma'am . that 's my daddy . charlotte who be ? stuart Senator whitworth . that 's my father . Charlotte 's jaw drop to she string of pearl . charlotte really ? Stuart nod . Charlotte stand , flustered yet joyful . charlotte ( cont 'd ) well ... tell he I say " hello " ... I be go to go see if pascagoula need some help in the kitchen . Charlotte back away behind Stuart 's chair . she point at skeeter violently , as if to say , don't mess this up ! ext . phelan plantation - back yard - moment later skeeter and Stuart stand beneath a old cypress tree as Charlotte peep from a upstairs window . stuart look . I know it be a few week back , but I come here to say I be sorry for the way I act . skeeter who send you ? William or hilly ? stuart neither . I be rude , and I have be think about it a lot . skeeter well , I have not . so , just go . stuart now , look . I tell hilly I be not ready to go out on any date . I be not even close to ready . Stuart shove he hand in he pocket like a boy . stuart ( cont 'd ) I be engage last year . she end it . skeeter refuse to pity he . 75 . stuart ( cont 'd ) we would be dating since we be fifteen . you know how it be . skeeter actually , I do not . I have never date anyone before . Stuart look up and start laugh loudly . stuart well ! that must be it then . skeeter what ? stuart I have never meet a woman that say exactly what she be think . skeeter I have get plenty to say ... stuart would you like to ... come downtown with I and have dinner ? we could talk ... we could listen to each other this time . skeeter I can not think of anything worse . Stuart look down and nod . stuart then , I be sorry . that 's what I come to say and ... I say it . Stuart turn and walk towards he car , self - consciously weaving he strong finger through he hair . skeeter look up to she mother 's empty window and shout out to Stuart . skeeter just give I a minute ! Stuart turn . skeeter ( cont 'd ) let I get my sweater . int . ROBERT E. lee HOTEL - dine room - later that night skeeter and Stuart sit closely as the same waiter as before approach . stuart what do you want , skeeter ? 76 . skeeter I will have a co-cola . lot of ice . stuart no , I mean in life . what do you want ? only now do skeeter notice the tray of champagne the waiter be hold . Stuart nod as two glass be set before they . the waiter leave . skeeter I want to be a journalist . maybe a novelist . maybe both . stuart I like that ... I have be think about you . you be smart , you be pretty , you be ... tall ! skeeter pretty ? stuart yes . and I read you column . very informative . ( smiling ) I never know crisco get rid of diaper rash . skeeter laugh and slap he playfully . stuart ( cont 'd ) I hope you get to write something really good , skeeter . something you believe in . Stuart suddenly lean over and kiss skeeter . ext . drive -in -movie - one week later Stuart and skeeter make out hard in the back of the holbrook 's convertible . hilly and William sit in the front . hilly peer into the rearview mirror to get a better view . proud of herself , she pat William 's leg . William slide he hand up hilly 's leg . she jerk it away . ext . leefolt home - kitchen - day aibileen sit on the kitchen floor next to a bucket . she feverishly scour grease off the baseboard . Elizabeth 's car pull up . aibileen smile . aibileen baby girl home . 77 . the car door slam shut . elizabeth ( o.c . ) aibileen ! my trunk 's full ! aibileen rise slowly , place a hand on she knee . outside , Elizabeth suddenly shout out hysterically . elizabeth ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) mae mobley ! no! stop ! aibileen panic . she get up , look out the window . int . leefolt backyard - same time mae mobley sit on aibileen 's toilet in the garage . door wide open , pants around she ankle . mae mobley I and aibiee bafroom , momma . Elizabeth run over and yank mae mobley off , pop she hard on the behind . elizabeth it ! be ! not ! mae mobley begin to cry . aibileen watch as Elizabeth hiss - whisper and yank mae mobley hard on the arm . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) this be dirty out here ! you will catch disease . Elizabeth punctuate with three more slap to she leg . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) no ! no! no ! int . leefolt home - live room - moment later aibileen sit on the couch with mae mobley who eat a cookie . mae mobley 's face be red and damp . aibileen I be here , baby girl . aibee 's here . aibileen kiss she on the cheek . aibileen ( cont 'd ) you be kind . you be smart . you be important ... you want I to tell you one a we secret storey ? mae mobley nod . the phone ring . aibileen rise . elizabeth ( o.c . ) I get it ! 78 . aibileen sit back down and lean into mae mobley . aibileen one day this wise martian come down to Earth to teach we people a thing or two . mae mobley martian ? how big ? aibileen oh , he about six -two . mae mobley what 's he name ? aibileen martian luther King . mae mobley what do he look like ? aibileen look just like we , nose , mouth , hair on he head . but , sometimes people look at he funny and be just downright mean to he . mae mobley why aibee ? why be they so mean ? aibileen ` Cause he be green . Elizabeth suddenly barge into the live room . elizabeth aibileen ! come on ! we have to go help hilly . now ! come on ! Elizabeth run outside . aibileen grab mae mobley . ext . holbrook house - moment later Elizabeth wobble briskly up the street hold she pregnant belly . aibileen and mae mobley follow . a stream of people walk toward they , laugh . they round a corner to see fifty old toilet , in every shape and color imaginable , littering hilly 's lawn . some have tower tank with chain pull at the top , provide amusement to the procession of car drive by . the holbrook 's station wagon sit in the driveway , door still open with luggage tie to the roof . two old black men struggle to remove a toilet under William 's supervision . 79 . aibileen hide she smile . mae mobley point . mae mobley look ! look , aibee . hilly fly out of she house as a reporter snap a picture of she . hilly get out of here ! hilly push he in the bush and run up to Elizabeth . hilly ( cont 'd ) skeeter ! she put it in the newsletter . I specifically say old coat be to be drop at my house . not commode ! hilly face the toilet again and scream . hilly ( cont 'd ) she put it in the newsletter when she know we would be down at the beach . hilly step up to aibileen and point to the old man . hilly ( cont 'd ) go help that boy get that toilet off my lawn ! int . bus - later that night aibileen ride in the back of a bus with a young black man . two white man sit right behind the white driver . the bus slow to a stop in the middle of the road . in the distance , blue light flash in front of a road block . a few people gather . driver y'all stay put . let I find out what 's go on . as the driver get up , a wlbt - tv news truck whizze by follow by a police motorcycle . aibileen lean in the aisle and look ahead . the driver return . the young black man speak up . young black man what happen up there , mister ? driver color people off . White people lemme know where y'all be go . I will get you as close as I can . 80 . as the young black man help aibileen down the aisle , a white passenger tap the driver on the shoulder . white passenger what 's go on ? aibileen and the young man walk down the stair . driver I do not know . some nigger get shot . where you head ? the bus door shut and the driver back away . ext . STREET - minute later aibileen and the young man walk along a dark street . the sound of cicadas and siren fill the air . young black man you all right ? you close to home ? aibileen I be all right . my house be seven block from here . young black man want I to walk you ? aibileen naw , thank ya . I will be fine ... Law , I hope this be not as bad as - aibileen turn to discover the young man be go . she stare into the darkness . scare , she begin to run . she cut through a yard and trip over a hedge . she fall hard to she knee . terrify , aibileen begin to sob . she see minny 's porch light and pull herself up . int . minny' house - kitchen - second later minny sit with all five of she child , sugar , leroy JR , 12 , kindra , 10 , felicia , 6 , and benny , 4 . they all listen anxiously to a radio on the table . aibileen open the screen door and fall to the floor . minny jump up to help she . she see blood and grass stain streaking the knee of aibileen 's panty hose . minny aibileen ! you okay ? aibileen nod , try to compose herself . 81 . radio announcer ( o.s. ) almost ten year serve as the field Secretary for the naacp ... medgar ever be dead . aibileen swallow hard . minny kkk shot he ! hour ago . right in front a he child , aibileen . aibileen we go pray for the ever . we go pray for myrlie . minny raise she fist . minny we live in hell ! we trap . we kid be trap . minny turn to sugar . minny ( cont 'd ) take you brother and sister and go get in my bed . stay there ! sugar lead the kid to the back of the house . minny ( cont 'd ) what they go do to we if they catch we with miss skeeter ? aibileen we go be careful . minny hitch we to a pickup and drag we behind ? shoot I front a my kid ? aibileen we be not do civil rights with miss skeeter . we just tellin' storey like they really happen . minny and aibileen grab hand and squeeze hard . minny you a fool , old woman . a fool ! aibileen hug minny . minny ( cont 'd ) I can not believe I be on say this ... but , I actually wish leroy be home right now . aibileen and minny laugh a little through the tear . 82. int . harper and row publishing - office - new york Elaine stein sit at she desk flipping through the New York Times . she notice something , actually laugh . close on paper : a picture show hilly stand among the fifty toilet in she front yard . a caption read : " come on by , have a seat ! " Home of William and hilly holbrook , Jackson , Mississippi . ext . offshore oil rig - day Stuart , on the deck of a offshore oil rig , laugh as he look at hilly 's picture inside a local newspaper . he write on the back of a postcard address to skeeter : I guess you potty train hilly ! much love , Stuart . ext . junior league - parking lot - three day later skeeter park and get out of she car . she suddenly find herself face to face with hilly . hilly you be sick . do not speak to I . do not look at I . do not say hello to my child . how long have you be plan to humiliate my family ? skeeter that 's not it , hilly . hilly you think you be so clever , do not ya ? but I have already install three of that old toilet in people 's garage . skeeter technically , it be a typo , hilly . hilly I intend to tell Stuart he 's ruin he reputation by associate with you . jolene 's yard boy see you hang around the color bus stop . skeeter I be not hang - 83. hilly I guess you car be in the shop ? skeeter look away . hilly ( cont 'd ) you know as well as I do , people will not buy so much as a slice of pound cake from a organization that harbor racial integrationist ! skeeter step forward . skeeter hilly , just who be that pound cake money be raise for , anyway ? hilly roll she eye . hilly " the starve Children of Africa . " skeeter nod and walk away . hilly shout out . hilly ( cont 'd ) just so you know , Lou Ann templeton have take you seat at bridge club . int . foote estate - live room - morning minny walk in , notice it 's eerily quiet . minny miss celia ? int . foote estate - bedroom - moment later minny walk into celia 's bedroom . minny miss celia , you in here ? minny hear run water and muffle cry behind the bathroom door . she press she ear to the door . minny ( cont 'd ) hello ? you sick ? minny twist the knob . it 's lock . celia ( o.c. ) I be fine . minny . go on home for the day . minny you mess up you hair coloring again ? I help you fix it last time , get it back real pretty . 84 . celia yell at minny for the very first time . celia ( o.c. ) I say go home , minny ! minny see water creep out from under the door . she step back and charge , shoulder first . int . foote estate - bathroom - continuous the bathroom door burst open with splinter of wood . minny slip in a pool of water down blood . celia sit against the wall in a bloody nightgown . minny miss celia ! celia aimlessly move the blood around with a wash cloth . celia there 's so much blood . why be there so much blood this time ? minny crawl over , peer into the toilet bowl and gag . celia ( cont 'd ) please , minny . will you get it out ? I can not look at it again . shaken , minny reach for a trash can . she put she hand on celia 's neck and push it down . minny keep you head down . int . foote estate - bedroom - later that day celia lie in bed while minny press a cool rag to she forehead . celia stare out of she bedroom window . celia' Pov : the two rosebush stand in the middle of the front lawn . a doctor enter the room . doctor give she another pill if she get too agitate . there will be more bleed , but do not call I unless it 's heavy . minny nod as the doctor leave . celia we get marry because I be pregnant . but it slip out too . 85 . minny that 's just God 's way . next one 's gonna catch . celia johnny want kid now . I think if I be real still , bring somebody in to do the house and cooking , maybe I would hold on to this one . oh , minny , what 's he gonna do with I ? minny he go have to get over this . he need to know this take time . celia he do not know about this one , or the one before ... minny turn to celia , stunne by this revelation . celia foote minny , you know how to play bridge , do not you ? minny nod . minny yes , mar 'am . I use to help missus Walters practice . int . leefolt home - kitchen - morning aibileen hold a plate of grit cover in toast marshmallow , strawberry and three light candle . aibileen happy birthday ! mae mobley two today ! mae mobley laugh as aibileen set down the grit . mae mobley mae mobley three ! aibileen you sure be , baby girl . blow them out `fo they run up in you grit . mae mobley blow out the candle . mae mobley how old be you , aibiee ? aibileen fifty -three . mae mobley do you get burfday ? 86 . mae mobley pick up a candle and lick off the grit . aibileen go be fifty - four next week . mae mobley do you have some baby ? aibileen I got seventeen of `em . mae mobley where be the baby ? aibileen they all over town . mae mobley aibee ... you be my real mama . aibileen now , you know who you momma be . mae mobley I be you real baby , aibee . that other one be just pretend . ext . foote estate - front yard - early morning celia dig a hole next to the two exist rosebush . a close shoebox and new rosebush wait to be plant . celia lower the box in the grave , cover it with dirt . int . foote estate - live room - later that morning celia and minny sit at a card table hold play card . two additional hand lay face up on the table in front of two empty chair across from they . minny lay down one of she card then look over to celia 's hand . she remove a card from celia 's and lay it down . she then point to the hand next to celia . celia nod . int . junior league - meeting hall - day hilly stand at she podium , tan and ready to lead . she hold she gavel like a weapon . hilly okay . first order of business . we be update we newsletter . hilly stare right at skeeter who sit alone in the back . 87 . hilly ( cont 'd ) we be add a fashion column with all the latest trend ... you dress better be cute at next week 's benefit ! the woman applaud and tap each other on they thigh . hilly ( cont 'd ) now it 's time to choose a new editor for we new modern monthly . skeeter brace herself as hand pop up everywhere . jolene french stand . jolene french I nominate hilly holbrook . jolene look back and snarl at skeeter . hilly jolene , you be the sweetest thing ! other member I second . I third . all in favor of hilly , say " aye . " the room erupt . member aye ! skeeter 's ousting take less than ten second . Elizabeth secretly turn to skeeter from a few row ahead . elizabeth ( mouthing ) I be so sorry . ext . phelan plantation - front porch - morning skeeter sit alone on the porch swing in she nightgown , shifting through the miss myrna letter . Charlotte step onto the porch . charlotte honey , would you like I to drop you off at bridge club on the way to my doctor 's appointment ? skeeter ( covering ) no , ma'am . it 's be cancel . mae mobley 's sick or something . 88. int . leefolt home - live room - later that day Bridge be underway at the leefolt house . aibileen enter hold a tray of coffee cup . Elizabeth , hilly , jolene and several other girl giggle as they kneel down behind furniture . aibileen everything okay ? Elizabeth look back . her belly be huge . elizabeth shhh ! there 's a knock at door . celia ( o.c. ) Elizabeth , it 's I , celia foote . I be in the neighborhood and think I would drop by . the girl giggle more loudly now . celia peer into the live room window . the bridge table be in plain view . celia 's face grow pinker than she sweater . celia ( cont 'd ) I ... bring you a chocolate pie ... my may , minny , make it . hilly 's face harden ... int . foote estate - kitchen - day minny stand at the sink shelling peas . a distinct red cut be perch above she swollen eye . celia sit at the kitchen table halfway through the pie . celia they make I stand there like the vacuum man . why , minny ? minny freeze , keep she face on the peas . minny because they know about you get knock up by mister johnny . they mad you marry one a they mens . especially since mister johnny and miss hilly have just break up , too . celia so , hilly probably think I be fool around with johnny while they be still go steady . 89 . minny missus Walters say miss hilly still sweet on mister johnny , too . celia suddenly slap she thigh with excitement . celia no wonder ! they do not hate I ... they hate what they think I do ! minny they hate you cause they think you be white trash ! and do not be takin ' pie to that woman ! celia well , I be just go to have to let hilly know I be not a boyfriend stealer . in fact , I will tell she Friday night at the benefit . celia rise and smile like she just cure cancer . minny now , miss celia ... please do not be go to that benefit . celia get some ice out of the fridge . minny ( cont 'd ) do you hear what I say ? celia place the ice in a towel and approach minny . she look at the cut above she eye . minny ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? celia that look bad . minny I get to get my work do . celia I know you do not fall in the tub , minny . let I take a look . celia grab minny 's hand . minny pull away . just then johnny pull up in the driveway . celia and minny turn to the window , then spring into action . int . foote estate - bathroom - moment later minny sit crouch on the lid of the guest bath toilet as johnny chase celia around the house . celia giggle . 90 . johnny ( o.c . ) come here , sexy ! celia ( o.c . ) johnny , you be bad ! bad ! bad ! minny look at the ridiculous image of herself crouching on the toilet in the bathroom mirror . she raise celia 's ice rag up to she swollen eye . int . aibileen be house - kitchen - next afternoon skeeter enter quietly through aibileen 's kitchen door . she be surprised to see twenty other black woman stand solemnly around the kitchen and the live room . aibileen approach with a worried look . skeeter what 's wrong ? aibileen yule May in prison , miss skeeter . go be there four year . minny shout out across the kitchen . minny hilly holbrook be send from the devil to ruirn all we life . int . holbrook home ( flashback ) - live room - day hilly and the usual suspect play bridge at hilly 's house . aibileen pour coffee a earshot away . hilly please ! a nigra walk in a pawn shop with a ring of such size and clarity . it take them all of five minute to figure out where she work . hilly lead the girl ' nod of acknowledgement . hilly ( cont 'd ) I know that girl be a thief the day she start . int . aibileen be house - kitchen - moment later as minny wipe she nose with she sleeve , skeeter approach . skeeter I will ask daddy to get she a good lawyer . 91 . minny she have a lawyer . a white lawyer ! but miss hilly friend with the judge 's wife . Whole thing take two day . arrested on Tuesday , in the state pen by Wednesday . aibileen the church go send they boy to college . go pass the plate `til they graduate ... the woman part , make way as aibileen lead skeeter to a seat at the kitchen table . pearly , 58 , sit next to skeeter and touch she arm . pearly I be on help with you storey . another woman walk over . black woman I be on help too . another woman speak from the live room . black woman 2 we all be . woman of all age slowly rise up and nod they head . skeeter look around in awe . skeeter thank you . I do not know what to - minny ( sternly ) they do this for yule May . int . aibileen be house - kitchen - moment later skeeter sit and write as pearly begin the interview . pearly be there thirty - eight year and miss Margaret still make I put my hair up in a rag . say she know colored do not wash theys hair . but , I love she . she love I too . dissolve to : cora , 70 . cora I have be workin ' for miss jolene 's mother up `til she die . then she daughter , miss Nancy , ask I to come work for she . miss Nancy a real sweet lady . 92 . cora ( cont 'd ) but she momma leave it in the will that I have to work for she daughter , miss jolene . miss jolene a mean woman . mean for sport . I try to get another job , but in everbody mind , the french family and miss jolene own I . dissolve to : callie , 60 , take off she glass and wipe she eye . callie I use to take a shortcut ever day to work at Doctor dixon 's house . cut through this farmer 's lower forty to get there . one day , that farmer be waitin ' on I with a gun , say he would shoot I dead if I walk on he land again . Doctor dixon go and pay that farmer double for two a that acre . told he he `bout to start farmin ' too . but he buy it just for I . so I could get to work easy . he do . skeeter close she eye for moment . when she open they she see a vision of constantine stand before her . Constantine smile and grab skeeter 's hand . she press she thumb firmly in she palm . when skeeter blink again , the vision be go . stand in place of Constantine be gretchen , 26 . gretchen all this color woman have be real nice , have not they ? skeeter yes . very nice . gretchen well , they hate you . you know this ? every little thing about you . but you be so dumb , you think you be do they a favor . skeeter and the other maid be take aback . skeeter you do not have to do this . gretchen you know the nicest thing a white woman 's ever do for I ? gave I the heel of she bread . this woman be play a trick on you . they will never tell you the truth ! 93. skeeter you do not know what they have say . gretchen say it , lady , say the word you think every time one we stand in front of you . nigger . aibileen cross over to gretchen . aibileen that 's enough , gretchen . gretchen you just as dumb as she be . aibileen get out a my house ! int . aibileen be house - live room - day aibileen sit with skeeter on the sofa read and answer miss myrna letter . aibileen be dress very nicely . several flower arrangement be place around the room . a unwrapped present rest on the coffee table . aibileen tell she to pour vinegar in she trash can . then they dog will stay away . as skeeter write this down , someone walk onto aibileen 's front porch . skeeter become worried . aibileen look to a wall clock and smile . about a dozen letter and card fall into a basket under the mail slot . aibileen jump up and start sorting through the card . aibileen ( cont 'd ) today my birthday , miss skeeter . skeeter well , happy birthday , aibileen . you should have tell I . aibileen and , from all over the county , my baby find they way home . aibileen stop on one card in particular . she sit back down next to skeeter . aibileen ( cont 'd ) some even from overseas . alton Spears life in Paris now . married he a real pretty french girl . get five kid , too ... they 's my grandbaby . 94 . aibileen open the card to find a twenty dollar bill inside along with a picture of the Spears family . aibileen read the card aloud . aibileen ( cont 'd ) I still do not drink coffee . happy birthday . Love alton . aibileen laugh and raise she hand to she mouth . skeeter be touch . the doorbell ring . aibileen jump up and open the door . a delivery man greet she with two more vase of flower . aibileen look out to the street where a white woman get out of she car with a huge country ham . two little girl in match dress jump out behind she . the woman see aibileen on the porch and wave . aibileen wave back and smile . catch it all , the moment soon grow bittersweet for skeeter . she wipe she eye . int . phelan plantation - skeeter' bedroom - 3 week later Morning light shine into skeeter 's room . Stuart have return from the rig . fully clothed , he and skeeter sleep on skeeter 's bed . Charlotte shout skeeter 's name from down the hall . charlotte ( o.c . ) eugenia ?! skeeter 's eye pop open . she 's groggy and have not fully realize the company lie next to she . skeeter what ?! Stuart throw he arm over skeeter . reality sink in . skeeter roll over to find Stuart , eye shut , smile . skeeter ( cont 'd ) oh my God ! oh my God ! when Stuart try to get up , skeeter flatten he reach down and pull the cover up over he entire body . skeeter ( cont 'd ) do not move a muscle ! skeeter prop up on she side and face the door make sure the cover hide that she 's clothed . Charlotte enter and head straight for skeeter 's closet . charlotte Morning , sleepy head . 95 . skeeter Morning , Mom . Charlotte pull out a dress and lay it on the bed , right on top of Stuart . charlotte I think you could take I to the doctor this morning and then we could get some lunch afterwards . skeeter sure ! Charlotte spy a large toe stick out of the cover . it belong to Stuart , but she assume it 's skeeter 's . charlotte ( look at toe ) or ...we could ... go straight to fanny mae 's for a girl day . skeeter great ! I will get dress . charlotte when do Stuart leave last night ? skeeter right after you go to bed . charlotte well , I hope he know he 's welcome to stay in carlton 's old room . skeeter I be not really ready for that yet . charlotte " Bird in the hand , " eugenia . Bird . in. the. Hand ... Charlotte exit and shut the door . stuart ( under the cover . ) chirp . chirp . skeeter be mortify . Stuart sit up , grin . skeeter oh my God ! Stuart try to kiss skeeter . she resist . skeeter ( cont 'd ) my breath be horrible . stuart so be mine . 96 . Stuart embrace skeeter and bring he lip close to hers . stuart ( cont 'd ) I love you . skeeter I love you , too . they kiss . ext . STREET - downtown jackson - day a bank 's clock show twelve noon in downtown Jackson . it 's eerily quiet , not a soul on the street ... we hear archival footage of walter cronkite address the nation . int . foote estate - live room - same day minny stand at the top of a tall step ladder vacuume oscar 's head . celia run into the live room . tear stream down she face . minny turn to celia . cronkite tell the nation that John f. Kennedy be dead . minny 's eye roll back in she head as she start to faint . she grab on to oscar 's body and slide down to the floor . ext . holbrook house - same day hilly sit with she son William play on a blanket on the front lawn . a neighbor suddenly pull up in he car stop in front of hilly . he lean out and tell hilly the tragic news . in complete disbelief , hilly put she hand over she mouth . she then grab William , pull he in close as if he 's somehow in danger . ext . bus stop - later that day aibileen huddle with a dozen other maid in a circle . they be all cry . some throw they hand in the air . int . phelan plantation - live room - three day later skeeter and Stuart sit solemnly with the phelan family watch cronkite 's coverage of the Kennedy funeral . skeeter 's dad wipe tear from he eye . Stuart check the time and lean into skeeter 's ear . 97 . stuart honey , I be sorry , but I have to get down to the coast . skeeter nod as Stuart kiss she . stuart ( cont 'd ) I will be back in time for the benefit . Love you . skeeter you , too . we hear walter cronkite 's parting thought on JFK . int . aibileen be house - kitchen - later that night minny , skeeter and aibileen sit quietly compile storey . aibileen and minny look up to aibileen 's frame picture of John f. Kennedy . aibileen grow anxious . she suddenly jump out of she chair and pace around the kitchen . skeeter be you okay ? aibileen the world do go crazy , miss skeeter ! and I be scared ! what if folk find out what we write ? figure out niceville really Jackson , and figure out who who ? skeeter aibileen . we have change all the name . aibileen snap . aibileen y'all two go sit there and tell I you one hundred percent without a doubt sure `bout all this ?! skeeter look away .. minny no ... so I be think ... maybe we need we some insurance . skeeter look to minny . minny ( cont 'd ) I tell God I would never speak of it again . but we get no choice . it 's time ... time to tell you both " the terrible awful " I do to miss hilly . it might be the only thing to protect we . 98 . int . holbrook house ( flashback ) - kitchen - 6 month earlier we continue with the earlier flashback where minny arrive at hilly 's with she fame chocolate pie . hilly lead minny into the kitchen , missus Walters follow behind . hilly slice a big piece and grab a fork . she lean against the counter and take a big bite . hilly nobody want to hire a sass - mouth , thieve nigra , do they ? minny stand silent as hilly finish in three bite . hilly ( cont 'd ) pie 's as good as always , minny . minny I be glad you like it . hilly cut another piece for herself . hilly if ... I take you back , I will have to cut you pay five dollar a week . not expect this , minny lean away from hilly . minny take I back ? hilly take a even bigger bite from the second slice . hilly what do you put in here that make it taste so good ? minny that good vanilla from Mexico ... minny 's eye narrow over a force smile . minny ( cont 'd ) and ... something else real special . missus Walters grab a plate and reach for the pie . minny ( cont 'd ) no , missus Walters . that miss hilly 's special pie . hilly momma can have a piece . hilly slide the pie a little too fast down the counter toward minny . minny stop it before it fall to the floor . hilly ( cont 'd ) cut she one . 99 . minny ( immediately ) eat my shit . hilly calmly set she plate down on the counter . hilly what do you say ? minny I say eat my shit ! hilly have you lose you mind ?! minny move toward hilly . minny no . but you be about to , `cause you just do . minny nod smugly as she look down at hilly 's slice . hilly do what ? missus Walters immediately get it . she burst out laugh so hard she have to lower herself to the floor . missus walter well , hilly , that 's what you get , I guess . and you do not just eat one . you eat two slice ! hilly start to hyperventilate as everything sink in . as minny leave , hilly run to the sink and throw up . int . aibileen be house - kitchen - moment later aibileen and skeeter be speechless . aibileen you try to get yourself kill ?! minny no ! I never plan to tell she ! I just want to see she take a bite and leave so I could be do with she . forever ! she be never suppose to ask I back . minny eye narrow . minny ( cont 'd ) and , then for less pay ! that get I even madder . and , then she go sly that pie at I . oh lord ! that be it ! I just lose control , aibileen ... you know how I get , now . 100 . minny ( cont 'd ) so , before I know it , it just come on out my mouth ... and I have tolt she what be in that pie . aibileen look to skeeter shaking she head . minny suddenly get misty . she wipe she eye . minny ( cont 'd ) I have ask God to forgive I . but , more for what happen to poor missus Walters . miss hilly throw she in that nursing home just for laugh . aibileen ( gravely ) we can not put that story in the book . skeeter it 's too dangerous , minny . minny we need insurance ! hilly holbrook can not never let people know that pie story be about she . aibileen exactly ! if people find out " the terrible awful " be you and miss hilly , then we in trouble . trouble there be not word for ! minny right ! but do not you see ? miss hilly go go to she grave convincing people this book be not about Jackson . then we safe , insure ! minny get up and walk toward aibileen . minny ( cont 'd ) you bring I into this , and I be on finish it ! either put it in or pull my part out all together . minny storm out of aibileen 's kitchen . int . harper row publishing / pantry ( intercut ) - day miss stein talk to skeeter on the phone . miss stein the last editor 's meeting be December 17th . if you want a chance of this get read , I need it in my hand by then . skeeter but that 's in a week , miss stein ! 101 . miss stein otherwise it go in the pile . you do not want it in the pile . skeeter yes , ma'am . miss stein and you must get a piece in about the domestic who raise you . it will add something personal to it . skeeter nod with frustration . int . ROBERT E. lee HOTEL - ballroom - later that night the African Children 's benefit Ball be well underway . the energy and look of the two hundred attendee feel like a throwback to the woman 's suffrage movement . many older woman wear heavy long black skirt and jacket . hilly wear swathes of maroon - color taffeta . ruffle clutch she throat . she stand next to jolene french and a wlbt cameraman . dress to the nine , jolene raise a microphone and look into the camera . jolene this be jolene french report from the African Children 's benefit Ball , and I be here with League President miss hilly holbrook . hilly thanks , jolene ... Three dozen server stand in a line . minny and aibileen be among they . tables be cover with item donate for the auction . on the baked goods table , minny 's fame chocolate pie promise to again be a big money maker . celia and johnny enter the ballroom . celia wear a hideous , pink and silver sequine gown . as usual , celia 's breast command attention . the room lock on celia as speck of light bounce off she dress and jiggle across the ceiling . a titillated old husband tip he martini onto he wife 's shoe . old husband ( a little too loudly ) look at the jug on that one ! 102 . other wife dig fingernails into husband ' arm . the man' wife respond louder . old wife bosom be for bedroom and breast - feed . not occasion of dignity . celia downs a glass of champagne and lean into johnny . celia do you think I might have overdress a little ? it 's suppose to be formal , but this look like a funeral . johnny you look gorgeous . minny pull aibileen aside and point to celia . minny look what she get on . celia grab more champagne from a pass server . aibileen Lord have mercy . lady better hold onto they husband tonight . celia catch eye with minny . she smile and nod quickly and then look away , careful not to tip off johnny of they relationship . minny ( regarding johnny ) and that 's the man that do not even know he 's pay I . skeeter enter with Stuart . she wear a long -sleeve black velvet dress and she hair be be somewhat cooperative . aibileen there 's skeeter and that must be Stuart . he 's handsome ... missus Walters ?! missus Walters enter wear a floor- length blue bead gown , circa 1943 . a white orchid wilt at she clavicle . minny hilly can throw she in a home , but she can not keep the taxi away . int . ROBERT E. lee HOTEL - ballroom - later that night celia approach Elizabeth and jolene who talk next to a punch bowl . celia be now drink some kind of pink drink with a umbrella stick out of it . celia well , hello , Elizabeth . 103 . elizabeth hi. Elizabeth 's homemade maternity ball gown resemble a velvet potato sack cinched with red ribbon . celia that be lovely dress . jolene your too . celia really ?! I be worried I be a tad overdress . jolene reach out a pat celia 's shoulder . jolene oh , no . you be just perfect . Elizabeth pull jolene away . celia downs she drink . int . ROBERT E. lee HOTEL - ballroom - later that evening the guest be now seat at twenty - eight round table . score of black server dress in tuxedo ferry plate . hilly make she way to the podium . hilly everybody enjoy they dinner ? the room clap enthusiastically . hilly ( cont 'd ) ( flatly ) let 's give a nice round of applause for all the man and woman that have help make tonight possible . hilly mechanically gesture toward the server in the room . hilly ( cont 'd ) a cause I be sure be dear to they heart as well . skeeter shake she head as the less inspire applause die down . celia wave to minny and jump out of she chair . celia woo-hoo ! johnny grab celia by the arm and pull she back down . celia reach for johnny 's glass of wine . johnny honey , maybe you have have enough to drink . try to eat you dinner . 104 . celia and have my stomach poke out ?! int . ROBERT E. lee HOTEL - later that evening as celia look at the prize table 's bid , johnny and Stuart lean against a bar chat with a few other bored man . hilly suddenly slide next to johnny completely ignore Stuart . hilly why , johnny foote . I be surprised to see you here . everybody know you can not stand party like this . hilly squeeze the crook of he arm . johnny celia would not have miss this for anything . hilly where be that wife of yours ? out sell hotdog ? johnny look away . hilly ( cont 'd ) oh , you know I be teasing you . we date long enough where I can do that , can not I ? johnny walk away leave hilly no choice but to acknowledge Stuart . she and Stuart never look each other 's way . hilly ( cont 'd ) ( flatly ) Stuart . stuart ( flatter ) hilly . hilly walk away as jolene approach the podium . jolene I have get the list of winner ! int . ROBERT E. lee HOTEL - ballroom - moment later jolene finish up the winner list . jolene I hope you enjoy you new set of tire , missus atwell . now , on to the baked goods . jolene flip a page . 105 . jolene ( cont 'd ) oh , yum ! yum ! the high bid in baked goods go to minny Jackson 's chocolate pie . congratulation , hilly holbrook ! the room erupt in applause . hilly now sit at a table with she family , missus Walters , and the leefolt . skeeter and Stuart sit at a table full of elderly people they do not know . minny clear dish nearby . hear she name , she become very alert . hilly what ? I do not bid on anything . minny turn to find hilly smile at she tightly . hilly ( cont 'd ) well , be not that sweet . someone sign I up for that pie . skeeter ( to stuart ) oh , no . celia rush up behind hilly , she voice slur . celia congratulation , hilly ! I do not know you be a fan of minny 's pie . hilly remain calm . celia grab hilly 's long sleeve . celia ( cont 'd ) I have want to talk to you all night . minny tell I why you will not be my friend . you think I and johnny go behind you back . hilly let I go ! hilly stand up and pull away . a rip sound cut through the air . celia stare at hilly 's tear cuff in she hand . stuart oh , god. celia I be so sorry . hilly ( gritted teeth ) what be you try to do to I ? what be you and that nigra up to ? 106 . jolene announce another round of winner loudly over the microphone , force celia to raise she voice . celia I do not know what you - hilly - you liar ! who do you tell ?! jolene lose she place on the list . the room grow quiet but celia be still yell . celia hilly , I get pregnant after you and johnny break up ! the room echoe with celia 's word . across the room , woman 's nose wrinkle . missus walter oh , shit . hilly shut up , mother . Stuart belt out with a laugh . skeeter pinch he arm . celia be mortify . sweat bead on she forehead . celia johnny never cheat on you ... at least , not with I . celia start to breathe heavily . her eye start to water . hilly johnny would never - celia and I be sorry I think you would be tickle to win that pie . hilly you tell that nigra if she tell anybody , I will make she suffer . horrify , skeeter catch eye with minny and aibileen . they all immediately look away . johnny make he way over . celia hold she breath , shaking she head back and forth . johnny celia , what 's wrong , honey ? celia uh-oh . celia lean over and vomit on the fleur- de- lis print carpet . the entire room gasp in horror . 107 . johnny oh , shit ! johnny try to pull celia back . she push johnny away and run for the bathroom . he follow . hilly march over to aibileen who be stand nearby . hilly get that clean up before it start to smell . aibileen yes , mar 'am . int . ROBERT E. lee HOTEL - kitchen - later that night minny 's daughter , sugar , stand over a large commercial sink fill with sudsy water , wash dish . minny approach from behind as sugar hold court with five other young girl . sugar that big -boob lady momma work for be drunker than a injun on payday . upchuck in front a everbody ! as the girl all laugh , minny pop sugar hard on the back of she head . minny do not you never let I hear you talk bad about the lady who put food in you mouth . clothes on you back ! you hear I ? minny storm off . sugar ( to herself ) you do it all the time . ext . ROBERT E. lee HOTEL - parking lot - later that night hilly and William walk to they car . missus Walters follow closely behind , hold minny 's pie . hilly just come on home and stay with we tonight , mother . missus walter no thanks , I get a pie to eat . hilly spin around and see the pie . 108 . hilly you throw that pie away right now ! missus walter I spend good money on this . won it just for you ... hilly you ?! you sign I up ? missus Walters step up to hilly . missus walter I may have trouble remember my own name and what country I live in . but there 's two thing I can not seem to forget . that my own daughter throw I in a nursing home ... and that she eat minny 's shit . missus Walters wink at hilly and amble to a wait taxi cab . int . foote estate - bedroom - next afternoon celia lie in bed with the cover pull over she face . minny enter carry a tray of food , set it down next to two other trays of uneaten food . minny ai not mister johnny go wonder how dinner get on the table if you laid up in bed ? celia pull the cover off she head and sit up a little . celia the way hilly look at I . like I be trash on the road . celia pull a letter out from under the cover . celia ( cont 'd ) she bill I for she dress . in lieu of payment , she 's ask that I send two -hundre dollar to the African Children 's Fund and then she ban I from all future League event . minny she do not count . do not judge yourself by the way she see you . celia I be not right for this kind of life , minny . I do not need a dinner table for twelve people . 109 . celia ( cont 'd ) I could not get two people over here if I begge . she call I a liar and accuse I of get she that pie . I would not have throw up if it be not for that ! I can not do this anymore to johnny . I be go back to sugar Ditch . minny you go leave you husband cause you throw up at some party ? celia sob . minny ( cont 'd ) Lord , I reckon it 's time you know . int . foote estate - bedroom - moment later celia stare at minny , wide - eye and disgust . minny miss hilly think you know `bout " the terrible awful , " that you be make fun a she . it 's my fault she pounce on you . but if you leave mister johnny , then miss hilly do win the whole ball game . then she do beat I , and she do beat you . celia lie there . minny 's concerned she 's say too much . celia thank you . for tell I that . int . roosevelt HOTEL - new orlean - one week later Stuart lie on a bed inside the presidential suite of the Roosevelt Hotel . he 's on the phone with skeeter . stuart hey , honey . int . phelan plantation ( intercut ) - kitchen - same time skeeter talk to Stuart . pascagoula cook breakfast . skeeter Stuart ! how be you call I ? be not you on the rig ? stuart what if I tell you I have twenty - four hour in New Orleans ? 110 . stuart ( cont 'd ) that I be in the presidential suite of the Roosevelt Hotel ... that we have dinner reservation in the Blue room tonight and lunch tomorrow at galatoire . skeeter become troubled ... stuart ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ? I speak to you dad , and he 's gonna have jameso drive you down right now . skeeter oh , Stuart . stuart what ? skeeter I have to work . stuart work in the car . Jesus , skeeter , it 's a clean column . skeeter I have a deadline , sweetie . you should have ask I about this . stuart I be try to be romantic ... skeeter I be sorry , honey . I can not come . Stuart shake he head and hang up the phone . int . faye belle' home - later that night aibileen and skeeter sit across from , faye belle , 101 , palsie and gray skinned and hunch in a wheelchair . aibileen grab faye Belle 's hand stir a sudden flash of memory . her voice be coarse and hard to understand . faye belle I remember hide with miss lilia in a steamer trunk while yankee soldier stomp through master 's house . we be both four . eighty - five year later she die in my arm . we 's be friend `til the end . her grandson still pay my rent . buy all my grocery too . int . aibileen be house - kitchen - later that night the manuscript sit before aibileen , minny and skeeter . 111 . skeeter I have one more story to type , but other than that , we be do . aibileen Law , look at all they page . two - hundred and sixty - six of `em . minny now we just wait and see ? hopin ' missus stein publish it ? skeeter nod . minny ( cont 'd ) what story you get leave to type ? skeeter mine . aibileen look at skeeter . aibileen if you momma will not tell you , I reckon I will . int . phelan plantation - bedroom - later that night red-ey , skeeter enter Charlotte 's room . a bowl rest on the bedside table with a wet rag drape over the side . Charlotte be wig free and terribly thin . her collarbone protrude long and narrow , but she eye be as sharp as ever . charlotte have you be cry ? you know that age you skin , dear . skeeter mother , I need to talk to you about Constantine . charlotte oh , eugenia . that be so long ago . skeeter well , I have to speak to she . charlotte now , you look . I be good to Constantine . oh , she talk back plenty of time , and I put up with it . but , skeeter , she do not give I a choice ... skeeter what ... happen ? 112 . int . phelan plantation ( flashback ) live room - day Charlotte , much healthier , scurries around the house adjust flower arrangement and straighten picture . charlotte ( v.o. ) I be host a d.a.r. luncheon . Constantine be to do the floor that morning so they would be dry in time . Charlotte find Constantine mop the foyer very slowly . the effect of arthritis be apparent . charlotte ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) well , the floor be soaking wet when the first guest arrive . a guest unnecessarily grab a table for balance , make a point about the damp floor ... int . phelan plantation ( flashback ) dine room - day Charlotte sit with twelve woman at the dining table as Constantine push the casserole cart around and begin serve lunch . as the guest sip coffee , each woman grimace and turn to Charlotte . charlotte ( v.o. ) then , she burn the coffee . she have get so old , skeeter . Charlotte shoot Constantine a look . Constantine nod sorrowfully . she pick up a woman 's plate and begin fill it with food from the cart very slowly . Constantine strain to lower the plate in front of the woman . her hand tremble . charlotte ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) her mishap be become a daily occurrence , and I have have it . the plate tilt cause peas to pour into the woman 's lap . woman watch out ! with that , Charlotte stand up and slap the table with she hand . charlotte get a hold of yourself , Constantine ! Constantine slowly look to Charlotte . totally exhaust , she grip the casserole cart with both hand to steady herself . 113. charlotte ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and that 's when it happen . Constantine wet herself . slowly the woman begin realize what 's happen . the two woman close to Constantine gasp and quickly move away from she . another woman rise from the table cover she mouth with a napkin and leave the room . just now realize what have happen , Constantine look down at she soile dress . no one say a word . no one come to Constantine 's aid . Constantine look to Charlotte . ext . country road ( flashback ) - moment later Constantine hobble with a cane down a gravel road still wear she soile dress . she turn and look one last time at the phelan Plantation ... charlotte I tell she she could not work here anymore and to go on home . int . phelan plantation - bedroom - moment later skeeter tremble . Charlotte will not look at she . skeeter how could you humiliate she like that ?! charlotte I do not mean to . skeeter why do not you help she ? charlotte I be upset . I do not know what else to do . skeeter so you just throw she away ? that woman do you the biggest favor of you life . she teach I kindness and self respect and you just throw she away like a break appliance . Charlotte start to cry . skeeter be not affect . 114 . charlotte I do not throw she away , skeeter . you daddy go to she house the very next day to give she she job back . but she have already move to Chicago . Left everything behind . skeeter ` Cause she do not have anything anymore . you break she heart ! charlotte please do not do this to I , skeeter . I feel terrible . and you have to remember , they be not like we . they be different . Charlotte get defensive . charlotte ( cont 'd ) and you idolize she too much ! you always have ! skeeter I need somebody to look up to . skeeter turn to leave . skeeter ( cont 'd ) I have to go find she . she need I . charlotte we finally find the address of she daughter in Chicago ... so we send carlton up there to go get Constantine . skeeter turn back to she mother . skeeter and ? charlotte when he get there ... she be dead , eugenia . I be so sorry , honey . Charlotte try to comfort she . skeeter reject she mother 's hand . skeeter why do not y'all tell I all this ? charlotte I know you would blame I ... when it be not my fault . it just happen , and it be so unfortunate . I be sorry , eugenia . skeeter when do she die ? how long have she be in Chicago ? 115 . Charlotte pull the white basin closer , hug it to she side . charlotte two week . skeeter stand , never turn as she exit . ext . phelan plantation - patio - moment later skeeter stand on the back patio cry . she slowly walk off into the yard . aibileen ( v.o. ) Constantine 's story finally make it in we book . but the reason she get fire do not . miss skeeter just could not put that kind a shame on she own mother . ext . bookstore - downtown jackson - six month later the front window of a bookstore display many of the nation 's top sell book . a clerk set a tiny stack of book in the far corner . aibileen ( v.o. ) they print a few thousand copy with the worst advance miss stein have ever see . the stack be " the help , " in hardcover . it 's wrap in pale blue . a white peace dove spread its wing under the title . int . minny' home - live room - day minny stand over the stove fry chicken as sugar enter with the day 's mail . minny snatch the mail from she and see a envelope from harper and row . minny tear it open . her eye go wide . aibileen ( v.o. ) we get four hundred dollar . get another four hundred when it get print . divide thirteen way that come to sixty - one fifty - three a person . minny hug sugar and run out the screen door with she check as the chicken sizzle . int . aibileen be home - kitchen - moment later aibileen and minny hug each other as the jump up and down with check in hand . 116 . aibileen ( v.o. ) minny get so excited she burnt up a skillet of chicken . ext . foote estate - front porch - day minny knock on the door hold bag of grocery . minny come on , miss celia ! get out a that bed and let I in . it 's twelve noon . I do all the shopping just like you ask . the door slowly open . celia step out onto the porch , look beautiful , still dress tacky . minny ( cont 'd ) well , look at you , miss celia . int . foote estate - dine room - moment later celia lead minny into the dining room . the table , set beautifully in silver and crystal , be cover with delicious look casserole and fry chicken . minny what 's all this ? celia I cook it all by myself . I want to do something special . I want to say " thank you . " int . foote estate - dine room - moment later celia and minny dine , and minny 's enjoy it . minny greens get just the right amount a hock taste to `em . that 's a good pot liquor , miss celia . who teach you to cook like this ? minny wink as she dunk a piece of corn bread in the green . minny ( cont 'd ) corn bread 's happy now . celia lay down she fork . celia be you happy , minny ? minny why you ask such a funny question ? 117 . celia be you ? minny a course I 's happy . you happy too . Big house , big yard , good husband . celia you know , if I be you , I would give it right back to he . I would hit he over the head with a skillet and tell he to go straight to hell ... minny start to protest but be tired of excuse . minny maybe I will . celia jump up . celia I almost forget the dessert . minny smile softly as celia disappear into the kitchen . int . leefolt home - live room - later that day aibileen iron as Elizabeth enter with shopping bag . she race to the television and turn it on . as the tube warm up , we hear the conclusion of a tide commercial . wlbt 's lunchtime show , " people will talk , " continue . intercut with studio , leefolt home , hilly home , and all other viewer ' home . int . wlbt television studio - moment later jolene french sit on the set of Jackson 's morning show . a male host watch as the show runner count down . show runner five , four , three , two , one . male host welcome back to " people will talk . " and do we have something to talk about . jolene have quite a book to review . jolene shake she head , visibly upset . int . holbrook's house - live room - same time hilly watch jolene on television as she new may , ernestine , pour a cup of coffee with she right hand . 118. ernestine 's leave arm be miss . the may picking for hilly have get slim . hilly why be you frown , jolene ? hilly lean over and tap she television . hilly ( cont 'd ) you do not look cute that way . leefolt house male host it 's call " the help . " a new book by a anonymous author . aibileen jerk she head toward the television . male host ( cont 'd ) touch and enlighten , it 's fill with testimonial from Mississippi 's own housekeeper . int . foote estate - live room - same time minny watch transfix as she and celia eat dessert in front of the television . celia look how cute that dress be . male host take place in the fictional town of " niceville . " the book be dedicated to C and T . if you be out there C and T , we would love to have you on the show because niceville sound like Jackson , if you ask I . the host start laugh . jolene snap . jolene french it 's not Jackson ! it 's a disgrace to the South ! a disgrace to good Southern woman who have spend they life take care of they help . leefolt home smoke rise from the shirt aibileen be irone . she snap to attention , pull the iron off the burn shirt . male host but do you read that end ? jolene french I know I personally treat my help like family , and every one of my friend do the same . 119 . male host ( into camera ) bertha , if you be listen , I have a new find respect for what you do . and , believe I , I will be passin ' on dessert at you table ! foote live room minny walk like a zombie over to celia and gather she dirty plate , never take she eye off the television . jolene french do not buy this book ! lady of Jackson , do not support slander with you husband 's hard earn - poof ! jolene disappear by way of a seal - lily ice cream commercial . hilly home hilly do not cut she off like that . leefolt home elizabeth what 's that book call , aibileen ? aibileen I ... I be not pay attention . int . bookstore - later that day stack of " the help " rest on table in the store . Elizabeth enter , pick up two copy and pull they close to she body . she race to the register like a teen buy a playboy . time lapse photography back at the table of book , we see in rapid succession the book quickly disappear by the hand of jacksonian . int - aibileen be home - kitchen - that night aibileen , skeeter and minny sit at the table . aibileen 's phone ring off the wall , but she will not answer . skeeter I know nothing about it . miss stein 's p.r. Department call the station directly . 120 . aibileen ever may callin ' to say they white lady 's go and buy the book . they so scared . minny ` one-arm -earnestine ' say miss leefolt bring a copy over to miss hilly in less than a hour . she better read it quick and start the " this be not Jackson crusade . " skeeter do not count on it . in she one year at ole miss she never crack a book . minny oh , she go read it . especially after that man make such a stink on the tee-vee . she go read it . int . leefolt home / holbrook home ( intercut ) - day Elizabeth and hilly read the book aloud over the phone with each other . they stop and nod with speculation . int . bus - day a bus be fill with domestic en route to work . everyone be either read the book or have it read to they . int . nursing home - night missus Walters read to a group of woman in the home . int . phelan home bedroom - night Charlotte lie in bed read the book next to Robert , who be asleep . as she turn a page , she face reveal a dawn realization . Troubled , she start to wake Robert but do not . Charlotte tremble as she bring the book in close to she chest . she slide down to she pillow and stare at the ceiling . ext . phelan plantation - porch - dusk skeeter sit on the swing with Stuart who 's just arrive from the rig , still wear he dingy work clothes . 121. stuart that month feel like a year . I miss you so much . skeeter I , too . stuart skeeter , I tell daddy I be not go back on the rig . Stuart nonchalantly pull out a ring from he front pocket and place it in skeeter 's lap . a huge diamond be surround by twelve small sapphire . skeeter 's smile quickly fade as she raise the ring . skeeter Stuart ... I have to tell you something . stuart how about " yes ? ! " I have this with I down in New Orleans , you know . skeeter touch Stuart 's face . skeeter I be serious ... and ... you have to promise not to tell anyone . stuart hang on . do you say `ye ' ? skeeter yes . Stuart hug skeeter . she pull back . skeeter ( cont 'd ) but listen . can I have you word ? skeeter have again ruin Stuart 's big moment . stuart sure . you have my word . ext . phelan plantation - porch - moment later Stuart storm off the porch , dumbfounded . finally . stuart this be what you have be write for the last twelve month ?! what happen to the clean column ? skeeter I do both . 122. skeeter approach Stuart . stuart so , the talk in town ? I say they be dead wrong . told they you be too smart to get mix up in anything like that . skeeter reach to calm he . he pull away . stuart ( cont 'd ) that joke you play on hilly with the toilet . Hell , that 's funny . but this ? I do not understand why you do this ... why you even care . skeeter what ? stuart thing be fine around here . why stir up trouble ? skeeter I be not stir up trouble , Stuart . trouble 's already here . stuart I guess it be . skeeter grab he arm . skeeter I have to tell you . you need to know . Stuart shake he head and pull away ... stuart I guess I do not really know you , skeeter . and I can not marry somebody I do not know . Stuart look down at the ring . stuart ( cont 'd ) that be my grandmother 's . skeeter hand the ring back . Stuart shove it in he pocket . stuart ( cont 'd ) do not worry . I will not tell anyone . skeeter just leave . int . phelan plantation - bedroom - later that night Charlotte sit in bed next to Robert who be fast asleep . she hear a door close outside . 123. charlotte skeeter ?! come in here , please . after a few moment , skeeter enter . skeeter you okay ? can I get you anything ? charlotte come here , eugenia . I want to tell you something . skeeter I , too . charlotte you go first . skeeter Stuart propose . charlotte finally ! skeeter you know ? charlotte of course . he have to ask daddy for you hand . she lift skeeter 's ring hand . see she bare finger , Charlotte 's smile fade . skeeter prepare for the worst . skeeter just say it . charlotte what do you do ?! skeeter nothing ! skeeter stand to walk away . charlotte Young lady , I be talk to you ! skeeter sit back down ... charlotte ( cont 'd ) Stuart will come around . it 's a funny dance . ( point to Robert ) take this one a year . anyway , my news . after a long talk with you daddy , I have make a decision . my health 's be on the uptick this past few week . and I know the doctor say it 's some kind of last strength nonsense - 124 . Charlotte start cough . skeeter hand she a tissue . charlotte ( cont 'd ) but , as I say , I make a decision . I have decide not to die . skeeter oh , momma . Charlotte slap she palm as if throw the cancer away . charlotte too late . I try call fanny mae 's so I could make you hair appointment for the next twenty year , but they would not allow it . Charlotte raise skeeter 's ring finger . charlotte ( cont 'd ) I certainly can not leave you now . skeeter laugh and hug she mother . Robert never stir . ext . grocery store - parking lot - day hilly drive in front of jitney jingle grocery store . she wear a scarf on she head and big sunglass . one -arm ernestine ride in the passenger seat . hilly slow in front of the store 's big glass entrance . she hurriedly wave ernestine out of the car . aibileen ( v.o. ) the voter of hind County have speak . mister holbrook be not go have no political career . one - Arm ernestine race to the storefront and remove William 's campaign poster tape to the window . int . holbrook house - bedroom - later that night hilly read the book in bed . William be fast asleep . suddenly , she eye widen , she breath become heavy . she slowly turn a page and freeze . her face turn white . hilly ball both fist , look to the ceiling and scream louder than humanly possible . the scream continue over : int . skeeter' bedroom - same time skeeter lie in bed sleep . her eye pop open . 125 . int . aibileen' bedroom - same time aibileen lie in bed sleep . her eye pop open . int . minny' bedroom - next morning minny lie in bed sleep . her eye pop open . but , this time , hilly 's scream fade as knock at the door grow louder . knock that have actually stir minny awake . sugar and kindra enter , jump in bed with minny . sugar momma , there 's a white man at we door ! man ( o.c . ) minny Jackson ! be you in there ?! minny cover the girl with a blanket . she put on a robe and grab a bat from behind the door . man ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) I can hear you . open the door . int . minny' house - live room - moment later minny approach the door . minny who there ? man johnny foote . minny Jackson , I want to talk to you . open up . minny slowly open the door . johnny be all smile . johnny finally , I meet minny Jackson ... as johnny enter , minny raise the bat and swing . johnny turn and stop the bat with he hand . johnny ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you doin ' ?! minny let go of the bat and cower on the floor , raise she hand in front of she . minny please do not hurt I ! my baby be in the house . johnny drop the bat and pull minny up from the floor . johnny calm down , girl . I be not here to get you . 126 . he suddenly throw he arm around she and squeeze hard . int . minny' kitchen - moment later johnny and minny sit at she kitchen table . johnny when I finally confront celia about you , she tell I about the baby . all of they . you save she life . minny I do not know about that . johnny well , I know the day you come to we house , she start get better . and I be not just talk about the cookin ' either . minny you know I be there ? johnny fry chicken and okra on the first night ? y'all should have at least put corn pone on the table . minny I could not make you eat anymore corn pone , mister johnny . johnny next morning , I snuck back up to the house , peek in the window , and there you be . give ol ' oscar a wipe down . minny smile for the first time . minny so I be not lose my job ? johnny you have a job with we for the rest of you life , if you want it . int . leefolt home - live room - day Bridge be underway at the leefolt house with the usual suspect , except skeeter . lou ann templeton have take she place . aibileen nervously pour coffee . jolene french I hear that Betty character might be charlene . 127 . hilly it 's not Jackson , and that book be garbage . I bet the whole thing 's make up by some nigra . aibileen begin pour coffee into hilly 's cup . lou ann templeton and , jolene , do not you momma leave cora to you in she will ? jolene well , yes ... but that 's not odd be it ? happens all the time , right ? a sudden realization wash over jolene . lou ann templeton do anybody ever figure out who C and T be ? hilly the book be not about jackson ! aibileen spill a few drop of coffee on hilly 's plate . hilly look up to aibileen slow and deliberate . hilly ( cont 'd ) you spill some , aibileen . aibileen take the cloth from the coffee pitcher handle and dab the spill coffee . aibileen glance at hilly . a secret burn between they . hilly ( cont 'd ) get I a new plate . one you have not soile with a dirty cloth . ext . mount zion church - evening aibileen and minny walk into the church parking lot wear they Sunday best . minny take note of all the car . minny we late ? look like Bible study do already start . aibileen no . we be not late . int . mount zion babtist church - moment later as minny and aibileen enter the church . four-hundr member stand at once . the congregation begin to clap . 128. minny and aibileen look around try to figure out the source of adulation . they both start clap too . aibileen step up to a woman in the last pew . aibileen who we clappin ' for ? the woman laugh . woman honey , we clappin ' for you . the woman raise a copy of " the help . " aibileen notice a copy of the book in each member 's hand . aibileen look to minny , realize she 's in on it . a reverend approach , hand aibileen a copy of the book . reverend aibileen , this be a important time for you and we church . we know you could not put you name in here , so we all sign we own . the reverend then hand she a box wrap in white paper , tie with a blue ribbon . reverend ( cont 'd ) this be for the white lady . tell she we love she like family . int . aibileen be house - night skeeter sit between aibileen and minny on the sofa thumbing through she sign book . hundred of signature cover the page . aibileen church over two county sign we book . all for you and I . aibileen point to the inside back cover . aibileen ( cont 'd ) Doctor King sign it , too . he readin ' we book . aibileen glance proudly at the frame portrait of Dr. King . minny we do something . we do something good . skeeter it 's beautiful . skeeter close the book and set it down regretfully . 129 . aibileen what 's wrong ? skeeter pull a letter out of she purse . skeeter I get a job offer from harper and row ... in New York . aibileen congratulation ! minny that real good , miss skeeter . skeeter I not take it . I just want to share it with you both . there 's no one else I can tell . aibileen what you mean you not takin ' it ? this be what you be dream of . skeeter I can not leave you two right when thing be get bad from a mess I create . I set out to write a book to make white people thankful . but in the end , what we should say be " sorry . " aibileen if bad thing happen , they be not nothing you can do about it . and if they happen , at least now theys a reason behind it . a reason we can wrap we head around and be proud of ... skeeter nod with little relief . aibileen ( cont 'd ) now , I do not mean to rub salt in you wound , but ... you be not get a good life here in Jackson . plus , you momma 's get better - minny aggressively chime in . minny you be not get nothing leave here but enemy in the junior League . you do burn ever bridge there be . and you be not never go get another man in this town , and ever body know it . so do not walk you white butt to New York , run it ! minny lean over , place she hand on skeeter 's for the first time since know each other . 130 . minny ( cont 'd ) and you listen to I . I be on take care a aibileen , and she go take care a I . skeeter nod . aibileen go find you life , miss skeeter . ext . phelan plantation - night skeeter stand next to the barn smoking a cigarette read the harper and row offer for the hundredth time . tire crunch gravel down the drive . skeeter see a car move toward she with the headlight off . worried , skeeter look toward she home . Charlotte can be see in a upstairs window . skeeter soon recognize the car as hilly 's . hilly park , light a cigarette and get out of she car . skeeter charge toward she . skeeter what be you do here ? hilly scream and throw she light cigarette at skeeter . hilly do not you get a inch closer ! hilly 's a mess . her shirt be half tuck . her short strain to contain a newly develop layer of fat . a horrible fever blister burn hot on hilly 's upper lip . hilly ( cont 'd ) I have contact my lawyer , hibbie goodman . he 's the best libel attorney in Mississippi . you be in big trouble , missy . and you be go to jail . skeeter you can not prove anything , hilly . hilly I one-hund - percent know you write it `cause nobody else in town be as tacky as you . that nigras of yours be in a lifetime of trouble . skeeter exactly who be you talk about ? you do not know anything . 131 . hilly I do not , do I ? you tell aibileen , the next time she want to write about my dear friend Elizabeth ... uh- huh . remember she ? have you in she wedding ? let 's just say , aibileen ought to have be a little bit smarter before put in the L - shape crack in poor Elizabeth 's dining table . and that nigra , minny ? do I have plan for she . skeeter careful , hilly . do not give yourself away now . hilly that be not I who eat that pie ! hilly storm up the porch step . skeeter follow . skeeter I do not invite you here ! skeeter yank hilly 's arm hard . hilly I have come to tell you mother what a hippie you have become . she 's gonna be disgust by you . skeeter can not help but laugh . skeeter you be tell my mother on I ? hilly open the door . skeeter grab she . they struggle . skeeter ( cont 'd ) you get out of here ! Charlotte suddenly appear . skeeter let go of hilly . charlotte why , hilly ... it 's be such a long time , dear . everything okay , you two ? hilly be shocked by Charlotte 's frail appearance . hilly missus phelan , I be ... I be here to - charlotte hilly , you be a mess . be you ill ? hilly self - consciously lick she fever blister . hilly well , I ... I do not have time to get fix up before - 132 . charlotte darling , no husband want to come home and see this . Charlotte peer closely at hilly 's cold sore . charlotte ( cont 'd ) and that ... that be horrendous . hilly missus phelan , I be here - charlotte you know , hilly . if I do not know any better , I would say you have be eat too many ... sweet ? hilly 's face turn purple with embarrassment . Charlotte move in for the kill . charlotte ( cont 'd ) in fact . I be sure of it . now get out of my house ... before we all get one of that on we lip . hilly look back and forth between skeeter and she mother , not know what to say . hilly run out of the house as Charlotte sashays quietly into the live room . shock , skeeter stand alone in the foyer . hilly spray gravel across the phelan yard as she speed away . charlotte ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) eugenia ? skeeter yes , ma'am . charlotte ( o.c . ) come in here , please . skeeter gulp as she head toward the live room . int . phelan plantation - live room - moment later Charlotte pat the sofa as skeeter enter and sit . skeeter ma'am ? charlotte do you have plan tomorrow ? Bible study ? anything like that ? skeeter no , ma'am . 133. charlotte good . we be go shopping . skeeter let out a big sigh of relief . charlotte ( cont 'd ) ` Cause no single daughter of mine be go to New York , represent the great state of Mississippi , without a proper cosmopolitan wardrobe . skeeter what ? charlotte I be very proud of you , eugenia . skeeter how do you know about New York ? charlotte a friend of Constantine 's tell I . Charlotte reach down and pull up she copy of " the help " . charlotte ( cont 'd ) would you do I the honor of signing my copy ? skeeter nod . Charlotte hand skeeter a pen . her hand tremble as she sign the book , never have guess how good it would feel . int . leefolt home - kitchen - morning aibileen wash dish as the phone begin to ring . she answer . minny scream on the other end of the line . ext . gas station ( intercut ) - same time minny stand barefoot inside a phone booth , she lip swollen , face bleed . her kid stand outside , cry . minny they fire leroy last night ! and when leroy ask why , he boss say mister holbrook tell he to do it . Said he nigger wife the reason . aibileen oh , Law ! minny he try to kill I with he bare hand ! he throw the kid in the yard , lock I in the bathroom , and say he go set the house on fire . 134 . aibileen where be you now ?! minny the gas station . I climb out the window , and we all run here . aibileen I be on come there now . minny wait , aibileen ... I be pregnant . aibileen minny , now , you listen to I . that baby go be fine , and you be not never go lose you job . mister johnny tell you that hisself . they 's more book money come . you baby be not go know about gettin ' beat . you hear I ? you free , minny ! you be free . minny let out a chuckle of relief and wipe she eye . aibileen ( cont 'd ) you hear I ? minny I hear you ... the leefolt front door open . Elizabeth call out . elizabeth ( o.c . ) aibileen ? int . leefolt home - live room - continuous aibileen enter to find Elizabeth and hilly stare at she . Elizabeth be two week way past due . aibileen good morning . hilly lick she cold sore as she step forward . she glide she hand across the l-shape crack in the Elizabeth 's table , draw aibileen 's attention to it . hilly aibileen , the silver I leat Elizabeth last week . aibileen it not polished good ? humidity be fight I on polish day . hilly when you return it , three piece be miss out of the feel wrapper . a fork and two spoon . 135 . aibileen lemme ... lemme go look in the kitchen , maybe I leave some behind . hilly you know as well as I do that silver 's not in the kitchen . aibileen turn to Elizabeth . aibileen you check in mae mobley 's bed ? she be put thing - hilly do you hear she , Elizabeth ? she 's try to blame it on a toddler . Elizabeth will not look at aibileen . aibileen I be not steal no silver . Elizabeth whisper to hilly . elizabeth she say she do not have they . hilly then it behoove I to inform you that you be fire , aibileen . and I will be call the police . they know I . mae mobley enter the room . mae mobley aibee , my froat hurt . mae mobley cough . aibileen I go get she some syrup , miss leefolt . hilly Elizabeth can take care of she child . Elizabeth look to hilly , appear somewhat upset with this suggestion . elizabeth I will go get the couch syrup . hilly glare at aibileen as Elizabeth run down the hall . hilly I will not tolerate liar ! mae mobley become scared and hide behind aibileen 's leg . 136 . aibileen I do not steal no silver . hilly I be not talk about silver . I be talk about that thing you write about Elizabeth . maybe I can not send you to jail for what you write , but I can send you to jail for be a thief . and you friend , minny ? that nigra 's get a nice surprise come to she . johnny foote listen to what I say . she 's as good as - aibileen shout , interrupt hilly . aibileen woman !... I know something about you . do not you forget that . hilly narrow she eye . aibileen ( cont 'd ) from what yule May say , they 's a lot a time to write letter from jail . plenty a time to write ever person in Jackson the truth about you , and the paper be free . hilly nobody would believe something you write . aibileen I do not know . already sell a lot a book . fear flood into hilly 's eye . hilly get out of here ! mae mobley do not go , aibiee ! aibileen kneel down as Elizabeth return with the syrup . aibileen baby , you need to get back to bed . you get a fever . mae mobley noooo ! do not go , aibee . please do not leave . aibileen I got to , baby . I be so sorry . mae mobley why ? be you go to take care of another little girl ? 137 . aibileen no , baby , that 's not the reason . I do not want to leave you , but ... it 's time for I to retire . you my last little girl . mae mobley noooo ! aibileen baby girl , I need you to remember ever thing I tell you . okay ? do you remember what I tell you ? mae mobley to wipe my bottom good ? aibileen no , baby . the other . what you be . mae mobley you be kind . you be smart . you be important . aibileen that 's right , baby girl . aibileen squeeze mae mobley for the last time . they both cry together . hilly speak up . hilly you need to go now , aibileen ! aibileen rise up from mae mobley and turn to Elizabeth . aibileen give my sweet girl a chance . Elizabeth avoid eye contact . aibileen turn and walk away . as Elizabeth lean down to pick up mae mobley .... her water break . she glare at hilly with shock and regret . ext . leefolt home - moment later aibileen step out of the house with she purse . she walk stoically down the driveway . tear stream down she face . mae mobley run to the live room window cry . she beat on the glass from inside . mae mobley aibeeeee ! do not go ! aibileen never turn . 138. aibileen ( v.o. ) mae mobley be my last baby . in just thirty minute , I feel like my whole life be do . of the thirteen maid , seven of we get fire . several other maid get fire who have nothin ' to do with we book . guess we storey be not so unique after all ... but , like minny , we be all free . int . holbrook house - foyer - day hilly , even fatter now , sift through the day 's mail . aibileen ( v.o. ) and we 's be a lot freer than hilly holbrook . she come across a piece from celia foote address to the starve Children of Africa Fund . a smug smile form . she open the envelope to find a check for $ 200.00 make out to : two-slice hilly ! hilly scream as she rip the check into piece . ext . foote estate - yard - day minny fold laundry on a picnic table . aibileen ( v.o. ) ever so often , we all get a nice piece of book money in the mail . ` manna from heaven ' we like to call it . minny look across the table and smile at celia who be hold and play with minny 's newborn child . ext . chicago - graveyard - day Close on tombstone : constantine jefferson bear December 24th 1883 die March 15th , 1963 a bouquet of flower lay at the foot of the tombstone . a copy of " the help " lean against it . in the distance , a cab slowly pull away with skeeter inside . 139 . int . aibileen be home - kitchen - day aibileen sit at she kitchen table , type on skeeter 's old typewriter . we watch as key write out the rest of aibileen 's voice over . aibileen ( v.o. ) thousands of we book go out all over the world . we have get pay to tell the truth and we just could not believe it ... aibileen take this last page out of the typewriter and place it behind two hundred other type out page . she look up to the frame picture of treelore and rise from the table with pride . int . harper and row - skeeter' office - new york - day skeeter smile as she read from a book in she corner office . the Manhattan skyline rise behind she . she wear pucci . her hair be perfectly style . she look gorgeous . she set the book down on she desk and pick up the phone . the book 's cover read : " all my Babies " by aibileen Clark next to the book be a glass box . Constantine 's corn pipe rest inside . aibileen be new home - live room - fifteen year later aibileen , 70 , rise from a sofa . her hair be gray . reading glass hang on a chain from around she neck . as she begin a slow walk down the hall , we see the surroundings of she new home for the first time . it 's much bigger , well furnish and beautiful . she pass a study line with shelf of book . a copy of " the help " and " all my Babies " be place side by side . at the end of the hall , aibileen approach the open door of a brightly light , sparkling white , bathroom . she enter the bathroom and close the door .