the invention of lying written by ricky gervais &amp ; Matthew Robinson June 8 , 2007 ext . caveman village - the paleolithic era - day a small caveman community make up of five large cave , all face out towards a crackle fire . slack -jaw , yet strong and confident cavemen stumble about , drag haunch of meat , pound the dirt with stick , drag the woman . we pan over to a small cave . not even really a cave at all , but a crack in the rock barely large enough to sleep in . stepping out of this " cave " be a small , weak , nerdy - look caveman . the chief caveman , set apart by the large mallet he wield , step towards the fire and grunt loudly to mark the beginning of a caveman meeting . " loser caveman " step forward apprehensively , only to be meet with laughter from the other cavemen . " loser caveman " sigh and shrink back into he sad , little cave , watch they from the shadow . chief caveman ( grunt ; subtitle ) I see beast today . Beast scary . Beast danger for caveman . the rest of the cavemen look nervous . chief caveman if caveman kill beast ? caveman safe . caveman have food . the cavemen grunt in understanding . chief caveman who kill beast ? the cavemen grunt amongst themselves . the toughest of the bunch step forward , pound he chest and grunt . chief caveman grob kill beast . good grob . the chief notice " loser caveman " watch from a distance . chief caveman loser want kill beast ? all the cavemen turn and laugh at the " loser caveman " . chief caveman loser kill nothing ! 2 . all the cavemen laugh hysterically . caveman # 1 look at loser cave ! so small ! caveman # 2 loser dumb ! caveman # 3 fuck that guy ! all the cavemen pick up rock and begin throw they at the " loser caveman " , who dive out of he cave and run around the camp , dodging they blow . ext . caveman village - the paleolithic era - night everyone in the village be asleep . everyone , that be , but " loser caveman " who sleep uncomfortably in he tiny little cave , toss and turn , unable to get comfortable . a stir in the tree cause " loser caveman " to sit upright . there 's something outside of the village . something big . suddenly a giant tusked boar push through the tree and stand , look quite menace , not ten yard from the village fire . " loser caveman " be practically shaking with fear . the boar make eye-contact with " loser caveman " and charge directly towards he tiny little cave . the giant boar run head first into the cave open , but the open be too small for the beast to fit its head inside . " loser caveman " scream like a girl . the boar back up to strike again -- this one sure to be the end of " loser caveman " -- when a large boulder , knock loose by the boar 's first hit , tumble down and land smack on the boar 's head , kill it instantly . the entire village run out to see what have happen . the " loser caveman " stumble out of the cave and dust himself off . the chief step forward . chief caveman the beast ! it dead ! 3. caveman # 2 hey , look at loser ! he almost die ! look he scared ! everyone laugh . the Chief look towards loser , stand nervously near the corpse of the giant tusk boar . chief caveman loser , what happen ? loser caveman ( shamefully ) the Beast , it come at I . it smash my cave . everyone laugh hysterically . we pan over the many laugh face , point and hoot at loser caveman 's cowardice . we watch as the " loser caveman 's " face turn bright red , the vein in he neck pop out and he fist clench up tightly . suddenly we fly into the caveman 's skull , travel through he cerebral cortex and towards the frontal lobe of he small , homo erectus brain . spark be fly back and forth across he brain as he synapse fire in rapid succession . there be a SMALL explosion . we fly back out of " loser caveman 's " skull -- he face contort in rage . he interrupt everyone 's laughter . loser caveman hold on one minute ! everyone stop laugh . loser caveman loser be not finish . loser caveman stand up straight and tall -- all of a sudden the Bruce Willis of cavemen . loser caveman after beast smash cave , loser look at beast and say , " not on loser 's watch . " loser grab rock on ground , lift above head and smash it down ... right onto motherfucker 's head . the entire village gasp . 4. loser caveman loser kill beast . ( pause ) now fuck off , loser go back to sleep . the chief step forward ominously , then proclaim : chief caveman loser kill beast ! loser caveman hero ! loser step forward , grab the prettiest of all cavewoman and drag she towards he cave as the entire village erupt in cheer . freeze frame : narrator the world 's first lie . a monumental occasion in the history of mankind . ( pause ) that lowly caveman who stumble upon the ability to lie go on to become chief of he village , marry dozen of cavewoman , and pass on the lie gene to hundred of newborn cave-child . ( pause ) over time lie spread throughout the world , sparking the eventual birth of imagination itself , story - tell , religion , and the oh-so - important polite lie , as in , " oh Patty , have you lose weight ? you look fantastic . " ( pause ) the world would be a very different place if event have go otherwise on that prolific , paleolithic eve . if not for that night , man would have never acquire the ability to lie to himself and to other . ( pause ) a world without lie would be a world without dream . a world without pretense . a world without fiction . a world without flattery . a world very unlike we own . unfreeze : the film rewind about thirty second , to the point where the chief ask what happen with " loser caveman " and the boar . 5 . chief caveman loser , what happen ? loser caveman ( shamefully ) the Beast , it come at I . it smash my cave . again we fly into the caveman 's skull , travel through he homo erectus brain . spark be fly back and forth across he brain as he synapse fire in rapid succession ... but this time there 's no explosion . we fly back out of " loser caveman 's " skull -- he face contort in rage . the rage slowly fade and loser just stand there , everyone in the camp wait for he to say something . loser caveman rock fall on beast . loser do nothing . I think loser even soil bear pants . ( pause ; sniff ) loser smell bad . everyone fall onto the ground laugh hysterically . chief caveman loser biggest loser ever ! caveman , throw rock at loser ! everyone in the camp join in on another round of throw rock at " loser caveman " as he run around the camp , terrify and miserable . fade to black . insert : " present day . los angele , CA . " fade up : ext . jennifer' apartment complex - night a completely indistinguishable Los Angeles mid-rent apartment complex . MARK bellison pull up in he early ninety volvo , park and enter . 6 . int . jennifer' apartment complex - same Mark ( 40' ) , average to semi-handsome , twist and turn through stucco hallway . he knock on apartment " 9c " . jennifer mcdoogle open , she face flushed . she 's beautiful . jennifer hi . you be early . I be just masturbate . MARK that make I think of you vagina . I be Mark , how be you ? jennifer a little frustrated at the moment . also equally depressed and pessimistic about we date tonight . I be Jennifer . MARK I hope this date end in sex . jennifer not I . I do not find you attractive . come on in . Mark enter . roll credit Jennifer 's apartment be new-adult , as if she just find out she be a adult yet have not have the time or the money to complete the transition . jennifer I need to finish get ready . while do that I might realize I be still horny and try to finish masturbate without you hearing . Jennifer head towards the bathroom . Mark stand alone in she live room , look around . MARK ( shouting to she ) I feel awkward and I regret be early . 7. jennifer ( o.s. ) ( shouting back ) yeah , I be disappointed you be early and not really look forward to tonight in general , but the think of be alone the rest of my life scare both my mother and I equally . it 's completely silent for a long beat . Mark look around , then sit on she couch . MARK ( shouting to she ) I have a erection now because I assume you begin masturbate once we stop talk . more silence . MARK ( shouting to she ) I be embarrassed because I think the restaurant I have make reservation at might not be expensive enough or hip enough to impress you , but it be the best I could do because I do not make very much money . you see , I be forty year old and have no real financial asset to speak of , I have never own a home , and never have a significant relationship . my boss even tell I today that I be most likely go to get fire tomorrow and ... Jennifer enter the room and Mark stop talk . jennifer I just masturbate . MARK that make I very horny . jennifer shall we go ? MARK sure . Mark stand up . Jennifer pick up she purse and open the door . 8. jennifer after you . end credit int . mark volvo - night Mark and Jennifer drive in silence for a beat . jennifer I be only do this as a favor for my cousin greg . he keep begging I to go out on a date with you . he say you be funny . MARK greg 's a good friend . jennifer where be we eat tonight ? MARK a cute little place call La bonisera in West Hollywood . jennifer you obviously do not have very much money but that 's not necessarily a deal breaker . MARK I have very little money . jennifer I also do not really care about a guy who know all the latest , hippest restaurant . MARK I do not know any of they . jennifer in fact , there be very few thing in life that I care about all that much . the only thing I have to offer myself or anyone else be my good look and my affect sense of quirkiness which artistically inclined man interpret as intellect . ( more ) 9 . jennifer ( cont would ) in fact , I think my best trait be the fact that I have make very few mistake : socially , academically , financially or romantically . I take very few risk and therefore lead a relatively happy and light - heart existence . mostly though , I be a kind , sweet person with the potential of genuinely become a vital and interesting human be the day I take the energy I expend on hyper self - reflexivity and apply it to actual action in the reality of my life . MARK I find that boring and start think about this place 's fish taco . int . LA bonisera - night the volvo pull up in front of the restaurant and the valet parking guy open Jennifer 's door . valet parking guy I be extremely bored . jennifer hello . the valet parking guy hand Mark a ticket . int . LA bonisera - night they enter the quaint mexican restaurant . jennifer this be not as nice as I remember it . MARK what be we go to talk about ? they approach the hostess . hostess ( to Jennifer ) I be threaten by you . MARK two , please . 10 . hostess of course , come with I . the hostess seat they in the midst of the semi-crowded restaurant . a young , awkward waiter approach . waiter I be very embarrassed that I work here . hi. MARK hello . jennifer hello . waiter ( to Jennifer ) and you be pretty and that only make I feel worse . can I get you two start on some drink ? MARK I will have a budweiser . jennifer I will start with you mango margarita and probably have three more drink by the end of the night . waiter excellent . ( to Mark ) she 's out of you league . MARK yup . the waiter leave . Jennifer and Mark peruse they menus . a woman scream out from a table on the other side of the room : woman ( scream ) all of a sudden I get extremely angry ! no one in the restaurant react . 11 . MARK I be go to ask you some question about you life because that 's what you do , but I will only really listen to about half of what you be say . Jennifer nod . MARK how do you spend you day ? jennifer I get up at eight in the morning because the noise from my alarm clock interrupt my sleep , so I lean over and ... MARK that 's a little more specific than I expect . jennifer well what do you want to know ? MARK do you have a job ? jennifer yes . MARK what job do you have ? jennifer I have a job at a office . MARK what do you do ? jennifer just type and filing and stuff . MARK do you enjoy it ? jennifer no . but I enjoy the end result of the job which be money . and the hour be pretty good for the amount of money I make , which I spend on thing I like , such as clothes , hike , drink -- even though I know it 's bad for I . ( more ) 12 . jennifer ( cont would ) ( pause ) but I would rather just get all the money and not work for the result . MARK sure . tell I more . I be try to get a little insight into you . jennifer well you already know a lot about I . you know I be good look because ... well ... here I be . you know I be successful because you have see my apartment and the clothes I be wear . and you know I be happy because I be smile . Jennifer smile brightly . MARK be you always happy ? jennifer usually . some day I stay in bed eat and cry . MARK sure . the waiter return with they drink . waiter ( hand beer to Mark ) here you go . ( hand drink to Jennifer ) I have a sip of this . jennifer okay . waiter do you guy know what you want or do you need a moment ? MARK I be ready . jennifer I will have a caesar salad with chicken because I think I be fat but I also think I deserve something that taste good . 13 . MARK I will have the fish taco 's because I have they once here and it 's all I know . waiter excellent , I will get that both start for you . the waiter leave . Jennifer 's cell phone ring from inside she purse . jennifer sorry , one second . she pull out she cell phone and check it . jennifer it 's my mother , this will not take long . probably check in on we date . Jennifer answer the phone . she talk openly and in plain view of Mark . jennifer ( on phone ) hello ? yes , I be with he right now . no , not very attractive . no , do not make much money . he 's all right though . seem nice . kind of funny . a bit fat . funny little snub nose . no , I will not be sleep with he tonight . nope , probably not even a kiss . okay , you too . bye . Jennifer hang up . jennifer sorry about that . MARK do not think twice . how be you mom ? jennifer she 's all right . MARK fantastic . time CUT : later that night both of they plate be now empty . Three empty margarita glass sit in front of Jennifer . 14 . the waiter approach with the bill and place it down in the middle of the table . waiter ( to Jennifer ) if I give you my number will you call I ? jennifer no . ext . jennifer' apartment complex - night Mark walk Jennifer to the front door of she apartment complex . MARK thanks for go on this date with I . you be way , way out of my league and I know you be just do it as a favor to greg , and that most likely I will never hear from you again . jennifer I actually have a better time than I think I would have , but I will not know for sure how I feel about you until I be less drunk . MARK give I a call if you still like I once you be sober . jennifer I might . Mark lean in for a kiss . Jennifer kiss he on the cheek and go inside . MARK thanks for kissing I on the cheek , I know you do not have to do that and .... Jennifer wave and head inside . MARK ( shouting after she ) ... you be very pretty . thank you ! 15 . int . mark apartment - bedroom - night Mark plop into bed in he boxer . his bedroom be bland , uninspired and completely furnish by the cheapest stuff find in a ikea catalogue . Mark flip on the tv and get under the cover . a commercial come on tv . insert : commercial a man in a suit stand next to a single can of coke rest on a small table . jim hi , I be Jim and I be the spokesperson for the coca-cola company . I be here today to ask you to continue buy coke . I be sure it 's a drink you have be drink for year , and if you still enjoy it , I would like to remind you to buy it again sometime soon . it 's basically just brown sugar water , we have not change the ingredient much lately , so there 's nothing new about it I can say . we change the can around a little bit . see , the color here be a little different , and we even put a polar bear on it for the kid . also , coke be very high in sugar , can lead to obesity in child and adult who do not sustain a healthy diet , and have a ph acidity level high enough to dissolve tooth and bone over extend period of time . Coke also work great at remove corrosion from car battery and loosen rusted bolt . so that 's it , it 's coke . everyone know it . it 's very famous . I be Jim , I work for coke , and I be ask you to not stop buy coke . that 's all . thanks . insert : Coke logo with tagline : " it 's Coke . it 's very famous . " Mark fall asleep with the tv on . fade to : 16 . the next morning Mark 's alarm clock blare . groggily he rise and sigh deeply . he have nothing to look forward to today . or any day . int . elevator - mark apartment - morning Mark stand in he building 's elevator . the door open and frank , mid-forty and bald , enter . frank hi Mark . how 's it go ? MARK not so good . last night I go on a date with a girl I have have a crush on for year who will most likely never call I again and I be pretty sure I be go to get fire today . you ? frank I spend the whole night throw up pain killer because I be too afraid to take enough to kill myself . the elevator door open on the lobby . Mark nod at Frank . MARK see you tomorrow . frank bye . int . mark car -- morning as Mark drive to work we take in a bit of he world . a homeless man stand on a street corner with a sign that read : " I do not understand why I be homeless and all of you be not . " a business man talk loudly into he cell phone pull up next to mark at a red light . business man I be not talk to anyone on my cell phone . I only want people to assume I be very busy . at another red light Mark eavesdrop on a couple have a loud argument in front of a coffee shop . 17 . girlfriend I wake up this morning and realize that , not only do I not love you , but that the think of touch you sicken I . boyfriend the more you hate I the more I fall in love with you . a Bus pass in front of Mark 's car . angle on : the bus ad simply show a can of pepsi , and read : " pepsi . when they do not have Coke . " a car honk behind Mark . the man lean out of he car and yell at Mark . honking man move it , fatty ! Mark drive forward , wave to the man apologetically as the man zoom past he . ext . lecture film - car lot - day Mark park he car and walk towards a large office building . the sign on the building read : " lecture film motion picture studio -- we Film someone telling you about thing that happen . " in front of the building be a man in a suit stand on he briefcase with he tie around he head , scream . scream man this be not natural ! none of this be natural ! we be all animal ! this do not feel right ! why be I wear clothes ? how can you people live like this ? where do all this concrete come from ?! Mark walk right by he . a woman in a business suit stop he on he way through the front door . woman in business suit I do not want to go in there today . I just do not . you know ? Mark nod understandingly and enter the building . 18 . int . lecture film - lobby - morning as Mark walk through the lobby we get a brief glimpse of some of the movie poster lining the wall : " the holocaust " , " the death of the dinosaur " , " napoleon " , " the Civil War " . each poster show a different austere man sit in a chair , hold a script in he lap , with a title above he head . the poster be extremely boring . a tour guide lead a row of tourist through the lobby . as Mark enter we overhear the tour guide 's speech . tour guide all of lecture film ' production be write , film and edit right here on this very lot . in fact , this building be where lecture film ' talented writer scour through the world 's past event , search for the most entertaining , dramatic and even hilarious moment of world history , which be then turn into script , hand over to we world - famous reader , and film for you view pleasure . the whole tour " ooh " . the tour guide walk over towards a large flat - screen television embed into the wall . tour guide if you will just follow I over to this monitor you will get a sneak peak at lecture Film 's upcoming summer 's blockbuster : " napoleon 1812 to 1813 . " everyone " ooh " again . Mark , curious as well , stop to watch the trailer with the tour . angle on : tv screen . a black screen . narrator come this summer from lecture film motion picture studios . written by oscar win screenwriter Rob marlowe . intercut Mark scowling at this name . 19 . narrator ( o.s. ) and star oscar win reader Nathan goldfrappe , come the epic sequel to last year 's most talk about film : " napoleon 1810 to 1811 " . prepare for the adventure . the black fade to nathan goldfrappe , a middle - age austere man sit before a fire in a velvet smoking jacket , hold a script . nathan goldfrappe ( reading ) and so napoleon invade Russia with a brute force of nearly seven hundred thousand man behind he armed with musket and support by canon brigade . narrator ( o.s. ) learn of he defeat . nathan goldfrappe ( reading ) through the devastating snow they march , crippled by disease and hunger , napoleon 's man march on . narrator ( o.s. ) listen to he redemption . intercut the tour , enrapture by this trailer . a few of the tourist whisper to each other . tourist # 1 I love this film . save I read the book . intercut the trailer title slamm onto the screen : narrator napoleon 1812 to 1813 . come this summer from lecture film . the trailer end and the tour applaud . the tour guide turn to find Mark walk away . tour guide look everyone , there go Mark bellison , one of lecture film very own screenwriter ! the whole tour turn towards Mark . Mark turn around and dejectedly wave . 20 . tour guide he 's one of we least successful writer here at lecture film . ( pause ) I also hear he 's most likely get fire today . the tour nod at Mark . Mark nod back . tour guide now let 's head to editing bay where we can watch .... int . lecture film - writer' office - morning Mark walk past cubicle after cubicle until he come to he office and shelley , he attractive late - 20 's receptionist . MARK hi shelley . I be still attract to you today . shelley hi Mark . everyday I realize more and more how over - qualified I be for this position and how incompetent you be at yours . MARK any message ? shelley Anthony 's come by within the hour to see if he can work up the courage to fire you . if he can not , he say he will definitely do it tomorrow . MARK nobody else call ? no call to do with actual work ? shelley well , I tell everybody you be get fire this week and not to expect they call return , so no one leave any message . MARK next time I would rather you take down the message just in case I do not get fire . 21 . shelley you be almost definitely get fire . MARK well , it have not happen yet . shelley okay , but everybody know you be . MARK okay , I will be in my office . shelley okay , I will be search for new job on craigslist . int . lecture film - mark office - morning Mark 's office be completely boring and unremarkable , much like he apartment . there 's a knock on he door . ANTHONY enter , look very much the boss in he expensive suit , yet nervous and fearful as well . ANTHONY wow , you look really depressed today . that 's go to make this so much harder . MARK Anthony , do not fire I . Anthony sit down on the other side of Mark 's desk and lean forward . ANTHONY Mark , the 1300 's be boring . nothing interesting happen in that century . nobody care about the post - Roman , pre-enlightenment era . the last few script you turn in be depress . MARK they be about the black plague ! it 's the 1300 's Anthony , what else be I go to write about ! 22 . ANTHONY it 's not totally you fault , Mark . you get stick with a bad century . MARK no ! I can make it work ! ANTHONY give it up Mark , it 's not like something new be go to have happen in the 1300' . at lecture film we be no longer interested in search through the less well - know historical period for great event , we just want to take the big name reader 's of the day and have they read the historical event that people know and love : the holocaust , D - day , the birth of electricity . this be the storey people want to see , because they know they . they find comfort in they . Anthony pause . ANTHONY do you think I could come back and do this tomorrow ? I just get very nervous about fire you . I do not do well with confrontation . MARK be there anyway you could do it now ? I would rather not put it off . Anthony think for a moment , struggle to find the courage . ANTHONY ( meekly ) you be fire ? MARK damn . Anthony slink out of the room . Mark look down at he computer to see he have a email in he inbox . angle on : mark computer -- the email read : " I wake up this morning , sober , and realize that , while I do enjoy you company , base on you look , you financial situation and you position in life , I have no interest in you romantically . I be just too far out of you league . -- jennifer " 23 . Mark sit back in he chair and sigh deeply . MARK she 's a really good writer , too . int . lecture film - writer' office - morning with all of he meager belonging stuff into a box , Mark leave he office , stop in front of shelley 's desk . shelley I loathe almost every minute I work for you . MARK I often fantasize about you naked . shelley what be you go to do now ? MARK I have no idea . but I have very little hope for the future . shelley I do not have much hope for you either , but I wish you good luck . MARK bye , shelley . shelley bye , Mark . Mark head towards the elevator and be stop by rob marlowe , a little weasel man with a hip haircut and expensive clothes . rob so they fuck fire you , huh dipshit ? I always know the Black Plague would never work as a movie . guess the 1300' be as much of a loser as you be . MARK please do not make I feel worse . or actually whatever , go ahead , I do not think I could possibly feel worse . 24 . rob I fuck always hate you . you be a shitty writer assign to a shitty century and you be a little man bitch . but I be always threaten by you because I know there be something different about you that I do not understand and I fuck hate thing I do not understand . but you will always be a loser and I will always be more successful than you in nearly every way . that 's just the way it be . and shelley call you a ass fag behind you back . MARK well , now I feel worse . Rob storm off . Mark slink into the elevator and hang he head in shame as the door close . ext . elderly home - day angle on sign : " a sad place for hopeless old people " Mark enter the building . int . elderly home - day Mark walk up to the front desk to find a young receptionist . receptionist be you look to abandon a elderly person ? MARK I already have . martha bellison . I be she grandson . receptionist ooh , it 's good you be here . she 's not do well . you should say you final goodby today . MARK you say that every time I be here . receptionist she 's at the top of we death pool . 25 . Mark walk down the hall , pass different elderly people who reach out to he . elderly person # 1 you look like my dead son . elderly person # 3 life get worse with each pass minute . elderly person # 4 I be on pill that make everything orange . Mark open a door and enter . int . martha schiffman' room - day a elderly woman in a light blue robe sit on the side of she bed , with she back to Mark , stare at the wall only inch from she face . MARK oh grandma , that be so depress . come on , at least stare at the ceiling or something . Mark take he grandmother by the hand and steer she to the other side of she bed . martha the television be break . MARK the television be not break . you probably sit on the remote and change it to channel two again . Mark flick on the tv with the remote . static fill the screen . he change the channel and a picture come into view . MARK see , you have it on the wrong channel . it need to be on channel three in order for the satellite to work . martha I do not understand anything you just say and that make I scared and angry . 26 . MARK I can not understand what it feel like to be you so it just irritate I and make I think you be stupid . but I also love you and wish thing be better for you . martha I do too . MARK grandma , I lose my job today . I be forty year old . I be completely alone and I have get absolutely no prospect for anything . martha I be sorry , Mark . thing be not any better for I here . I can not afford most of my medication , I be very alone and I forget more and more every day . MARK I be just so tired of life . why do life have to be so ... what 's the word ? do not you sometimes wish you could change thing ? do not you sometimes wish you be not such a loser ? martha I do not think I be a loser . MARK of course you be a loser , grandma . we family be make up of loser . we be all poor , we be all average look , we be all only moderately intelligent , we be all lonely and unlove . martha well , we be poor because we be not bear with money and it 's very hard to make enough money in a single lifetime to move from one social class to another . we be only moderately intelligent because there 's be a lot of inbreed in we lineage . and we be only lonely and unlove right now . remember , I have have two husband I love very much in my lifetime . ( more ) 27 . martha ( cont would ) and maybe one day you will have a wife that you love very much too . MARK yeah , but I be not talk about the past , grandma . I be talk about right now . and right now we be both loser , grandma . we be both shitty , shitty loser . do not you know that ? martha I suppose we be . but thing could be worse . we could be homeless . MARK I would rather be dead than be homeless . that 's why I need to get out there and find a job . if I have to be homeless , I be go to kill myself . martha well that 's sad . I love you , Mark . good luck find a job ! MARK I love you too , grandma . Mark leave . as he shut the door from the hallway he hear the channel change and turn back to static . martha ( o.s. ) oops . int . bar - afternoon Mark and he friend greg ( 40' ) , a even less attractive , less interesting and less intelligent version of Mark , be belly up the bar with half empty beer in front of they . MARK I will start look for a job tomorrow . greg lately I do not like indian people . ( pause ) I do not like white people even more though . I fuck hate white people . I fuck hate people . 28 . MARK hey , thanks for set I up with you cousin by the way . greg third cousin . she 's hot right ? MARK very . greg Way out of you league . dunno why you bother . MARK it feel nice to go out with someone that pretty . like for just one moment I experience what it would be like to be the type of person someone like that would date . it feel good . do not matter anyway . I will always be just who I be right now : average look , of average intelligence with a average personality . just a completely generic human be . greg you life be still better than mine . MARK by a good margin . a sad beat . greg lately I have be cry in my sleep and waking up in a pool of urine . MARK I really wish I have a better friend than you . greg so , what be you go to do now ? MARK I do not know . guess I will start look for another crappy job . 29 . greg doubt you will find one . not much need for a out - of - work writer specialize in the Black Plague . Mark downs he last shot . MARK I be go to go now . you be seriously depress I . I really wish I be cool enough to have a better friend than you . greg I be the best you be gonna get , man . call I later . MARK yeah . Mark get up and drunkenly stumble out of the bar . int . mark apartment - bedroom - night Mark drunkenly lie in bed . he pick up the phone and dial . jennifer ( on phone ) hello ? Mark just breathes , too scared to say anything . jennifer ( on phone ) hello ? I can hear you breathe . be this a rapist ? MARK ( quickly ) no , it 's Mark . I be sorry . Mark hang up quickly , embarrassed and ashamed . he sigh and turn off the light . fade to : the next morning the alarm clock go off . MARK shut the fuck up , I do not even have a job ! 30 . Mark toss the alarm clock across the room and go back to bed . later . a loud bang wake Mark who groggily stumble out of bed . int . mark apartment - live room - afternoon Mark open the door to find he landlord , a middle age , well - groom man . landlord I be here for the rent . MARK I be go to come talk to you about that . I get fire yesterday . landlord I know . that 's why I be here for the rent . MARK well , I have not get it . landlord how much do you have ? MARK I think I have get about three hundred dollar in my bank account . landlord the rent be eight hundred dollar . MARK I know . I have not get it . landlord then you be evict . I will help you with you thing . a stunne Mark stand helpless as the landlord push past he , grab a lamp from he live room and carry it out into the hallway . landlord help I with the couch . it look heavy . Mark sigh and follow the landlord back into he apartment . 31 . int . mark apartment build - hallway - afternoon with all of he belonging pile up in the hallway , a tired and sweaty Mark stare defeatedly at he landlord . landlord you have one day to get you thing out of this hallway . MARK how be I suppose to do that ? landlord you have get three hundred dollar . Rent a truck . MARK oh , fuck I . Mark grit he tooth in rage . int . bank - day Mark step up to the female teller at the bank . Mark be at the lowest point in he entire life . bank teller how can I help you today ? MARK I would like to make a withdrawal . bank teller okay , sir . I be confident I can help you with that . MARK I have just be evict from my apartment so I need to withdraw what I have leave in my account so I can move my thing out . I guess I need to close out my account to do that . ( pause ) I think I be about to be homeless . close on MARK : this sink in . 32 . bank teller unfortunately sir the system be down right now so I be not go to be able to perform a account closure until the system be back up . but I can assist you in a withdrawal . how much would you like to withdraw ? MARK well , I would like to withdraw eight hundred dollar . the bank teller smile at Mark . bank teller how much be you go to withdraw today , sir ? MARK all of it . just whatever be leave . bank teller the system be down , sir . please tell I how much you have in you account ? at the peak of he despair something suddenly come over Mark . his face turn a light shade of red as the wheel begin to spin in he brain . he be fight something within . we fly into Mark 's skull , travel through he cerebral cortex and towards the frontal lobe of he brain . spark be fly back and forth across he brain as he synapse fire in rapid succession . there be a small explosion . we fly back out of Mark 's skull -- he eye be lock on the Bank teller 's like a deer in the headlight . bank teller Sir ? MARK ( awkwardly fast ) eight hundred dollar . bank teller pardon I ? 33. MARK ( more confident ) I have eight hundred dollar in my bank account . the teller lock eye with Mark ... then look towards she computer . bank teller wait a second here . the system just come back up . ( to co-worker ) system seem to be back up , guy . ( to Mark ) just one second while I access you account . you say you be withdraw eight hundred , correct ? Mark break out in a cold sweat . MARK yup . the bank teller type on she keyboard . bank teller well , look at this . it say here you have only get three hundred dollar in you account . but you say you want to withdraw eight hundred ? Mark do not know what to say . he try to speak but nothing come out . bank teller I apologize for this sir , but it seem we system have make a mistake . hold on one second while I go and get you eight hundred dollar . do you want that in large or small bill ? Mark gulp . MARK large bill . the teller walk away . Mark look around nervously , awkwardly smile at the other teller . 34 . bank teller ( to co-worker ) guy the computer seem to be a bit buggy . will someone call James to come in and look into it , please ? moment later the Bank teller return and begin count out eight hundred dollar for Mark . Mark stare at the money with wide eye . bank teller there you be . eight hundred dollar . anything else I can do for you today ? in shock , Mark shake he head . the bank teller smile big at he . bank teller sometimes we computer can get a bit buggy , especially when the system go down . sorry for any inconvenience . MARK it 's no problem . Mark take he money and hurriedly walk away . ext . STREET burst out of the bank , Mark be a caveman who just invent fire . int . mark apartment build -- unit 1a Mark knock on he landlord be door . a short , stodgy old man open the door . landlord what be you do here ? Mark hold out a wad of money . MARK pay my rent . the landlord look at the money and slowly reach out to take it . landlord where do you get this money ? 35 . MARK it be amazing . I go in to the bank and the system be down and I be go to take out three hundred dollar but she ask I how much I would like to take out and ... Mark stop himself . something else take over within . MARK I find it . lying on the street . the landlord and Mark both lock eye for a tense beat . landlord okay . lucky . MARK give I my key back . int . mark apartment - day Mark jump around he apartment , dance and scream . Mark be a caveman who just invent sex . MARK ( v.o. ) today I stumble upon something no man have ever stumble upon before . what I have do today they will write about in history book for generation to come . and yet , only moment ago ... it be unfathomable not only to myself , but to mankind as a whole . what I have find there be no word for . and it be as simple as ... ( long pause ) ... how do I explain this ... ( long pause ) CUT to : ext . bar - day Mark and greg sit at the bar , greg half listen as a inspire Mark end he monologue . MARK ( cont 'd ) ... I say something ... that be not . greg perk up . 36 . greg huh ? MARK I say something ... that ... be not . I ... what 's the word I be look for ? well , there be no word . of course there 's not , I just invent it . Mark be frustrated by he inability to explain . MARK here. watch. ( call over bartender ) Jim . jim , mid - 40' , short and stout , waddle over . jim what ? Mark , stand up , clear he throat , and hold he hand out like " gimme some room " . there 's a long pause as Mark summon he newfound talent : MARK ( profoundly ) my name be Doug . greg and Jim look at Mark confusedly . greg ( dead serious ) you name be Doug . jim ( without hesitation ) hi Doug . greg it amaze I that I never know you real name . ( pause ) Doug be good . it suit you . Mark be flabbergasted . MARK come on guy . be you serious ? what 's my name ? 37 . greg it 's doug. jim doug. MARK no . my name be Mark . greg ( still dead serious ) you name be Mark . jim ( still without hesitation ) hi Mark . greg Mark suit you much better . jim mark-o. MARK you guy be not follow I . ( thinking ) okay , guy ... I be black . greg I know it . jim you be very light skinned , but I can see it . greg I have always want a black friend . Mark punch the bar in anger . MARK fuck it , I be a eskimo . greg fantastic . jim I have never see a black eskimo . MARK okay , I be a pirate . greg I do not know they still have that . 38 . jim be you a dangerous pirate ? MARK okay then , I be a lion tamer ... and I have purple hair . greg be not you scared you will get bitten one day ? jim ( to greg ) I want to die my hair purple just like mark . greg nod . Mark sigh . insert : " two hour later " Mark sit at the bar look completely bored . jim I be a one - armed jewish space explorer . greg when 's you launch date ? jim shalom . how would you lose you arm ? MARK I invent the bicycle . greg I love you work . jim can you get I a discount on a ten speed ? Mark sigh , finish he beer and get up to leave . MARK I give up . and I be bored . Mark head towards the door , deject . he turn back . MARK guy , if you have the power to make thing the way you want they , what would you do first ? 39 . greg if I could do anything in the world ? jim anything at all ? MARK pretty much . greg and Jim think this over long and hard . greg I would bone bitch ass . jim right in the ass . MARK specifically the ass ? greg if I could change thing I would make all the hot chick bone I . jim agreed . Mark mull this over . MARK alright then , let 's try that . Mark downs he beer and head towards the exit . greg where be you go ? MARK out . ext . STREET - day Mark walk the street , a hunter look for he prey . within second Mark spot a gorgeous blonde walk right towards he . he stop in he track , quickly try to decide how best to proceed . but as the blonde pass he he just stare at she like a deer in the headlight . 40 . blonde do not look at I , I be not attract to you . the blonde walk away . Mark stand on the sidewalk stare off into space , the wheel in he mind work overtime . then it hit he . MARK wait ! blonde do not bother . I have hear it all before . MARK ( blurting ) the world be go to end if we don't have sex right now ! immediately the blonde 's eye well up in tear . she be terrify . blonde do we have time to get to a motel or do we have to do it right here ? Mark be a caveman who just invent he penis . ext . a motel -- day the neon sign outside read " a cheap Motel for intercourse with a near Stranger " . we slowly push in on the door of room 206 . we hear noise inside that at first sound like moan , but as we get closer ... they sound more like cry . int . motel - room 206 - day bawling she eye out and sit on the bed do she best to get she shoe off , be the hot blonde . Mark sit across from she , a look of guilt and revulsion on he face . this be not what he expect . blonde ( bawling ) I be sorry , I be just so scared . I do not want the world to end . ( more ) 41 . blonde ( cont would ) I do not want to die in this motel room . I think I be go to throw up . help I get my pants off . Mark stand up . the blonde grab he and pull he towards she . he pull away . MARK this be not right . the blonde scream and drop to she knee . blonde no ! we have to have sex ! the world be go to end ! think of the child and little baby ! Mark look down at this panicked , helpless girl and feel really , really bad about himself . MARK just calm down for one second . Mark walk over to the phone and pick it up . blonde how can I be calm ? the world might end any second ! don't you understand ?! we're all go to die !! MARK ( to phone ) hello ... NASA ? yes , it 's ... I . oh , good . that 's very good news . good news indeed . Mark hang up the phone . the blonde be rock back and forth on the bed in a fetal position . MARK we be go to be okay . the world be not go to end . everyone be go to be fine . the blonde tackle he in a bear hug , sobbing and laugh . blonde we're go to live ! we be go to live ! thank you ! thank you ! the blonde fall onto the bed in exhaustion . 42 . blonde this have be the worst ... and the best ... day of my life . MARK okay , I gotta go . blonde oh no , please stay . we have be through so much together . Mark stare at this helpless girl for a moment . MARK I be a asshole . the blonde 's face and mood do a instant 180 . blonde ( spiteful ) well , I hate asshole . get out of here . the blonde chuck she shoe at Mark as he close the door . ext . motel -- day Mark walk across the parking lot . a look of total shock on he face . int . bar - dusk greg be in the exact same position Mark leave he in , but he 's twice as drunk . Mark plop down next to he , daze and upset . MARK that be one of the worst experience of my life . greg ( shit - face ) do you invent a new kind of bike ? MARK what else would you do if you could do anything in the world ? greg bone chick ass . that 's what I would do . 43. MARK what else though . what 's the second thing you would do . greg nod off . Mark nudge he . greg what else would you do , dipshit ? MARK I would get money . I would get all the money . greg pass out . Mark nod he head , take the three full shot sit in front of greg and do they all . MARK yeah . let 's do that . greg , let 's go . greg what ? MARK we be go on a trip . greg immediately perk up . greg I will drive . int . mark car -- night greg be drive , Mark ride shotgun , both of they be completely plaster . MARK thanks for drive man , I be completely plaster . greg I be just as hammer as you . but I do not care if I get arrest . I be try to hit bottom . whoop - whoop come the flash light of a cop car right behind they . greg begin to pull over . greg here come bottom . Mark look worried . the cop come to greg 's window . 44 . cop nothing safer than pull over two nerdy white guy in they forty . greg I do not want to go to jail . cop be you drunk ? greg yes . cop then you be go to jail . blow in here , son . the cop pull out a breathalyzer and hold it up to greg 's mouth . MARK wait , officer . do not do that . cop I do not think you can afford my bribe , son . MARK how much do it cost to bribe you ? cop at least five grand . MARK and greg wow , that 's high . cop I need to feel that I have get some sense of integrity . greg blow in the breathalyzer . cop whoa , that 's off the chart . step out of the car , son . you be drunk and go to jail . greg open the door . MARK wait . ( pause ) he 's not drunk . 45 . greg stumble and fall , pass out in the dirt . the cop stare at Mark for a long beat while he brain wrap around this . cop oh . the cop bang he breathalyzer against he leg . cop damn thing must be break . in the background we can hear greg vomit profusely . the cop pick up greg and put he back in the driver 's seat . cop ( to greg ) Son , you might want to drive yourself to the nearest hospital . you have food poisoning or some kind of flu . Mark be basically pass out , vomit drool down he chin . he could not look more drunk . the cop and Mark stare at he for a beat . cop ( to Mark ) maybe you oughta drive , son . MARK good idea . moment later driving away with greg in the passenger seat , a giant smile come across Mark 's face as he begin to laugh . MARK that be awesome ! greg stop laugh , I be sick . MARK you be gonna be all right , greg . greg oh good ! greg vomit all over himself . 46 . greg stupid stomach flu . ( pause ) where be we go ? MARK Vegas , baby . Vegas . ext . bellagio - night Mark pull in front of the bellagio hotel and casino . both Mark , and a very hungover look greg , pop out of the car . Mark hand the key to the valet and they both stumble inside . int . bellagio - night it 's the bellagio . we have all be there . greg what be we do here ? we do not have any money to throw away . MARK sure we do . Mark pull out a small wad of money . greg what be that , a few hundred buck ? that 's not go to last we very long . MARK sure it will . Mark and greg step up to the chip counter . Mark slide he small wad through the window . MARK chip please . the chip woman look at he money . chip woman there 's a very good chance you will lose all this money here tonight . MARK I know . 47 . chip woman and even if you do happen to win , there 's a even better chance that in the long run we will win it back . MARK I know . chip woman some of the game be fix . like all the one that use computer . MARK I know . the woman slide he a short stack of chip . greg frown . Mark and greg walk towards the table . Mark and greg look around . a cocktail waitress approach . cocktail waitress if I could be a stripper I would , but I be not attractive enough . drink , guy ? greg no . I have a stomach flu . MARK we will both have beer and we will take they at that roulette table over there . Mark point to a table and walk away . the waitress nod . greg oh come on , roulette be the stupidest game of they all . it 's pure chance , no skill whatsoever . MARK it 's okay . I be feel lucky . greg you have never have a lucky day in you life . MARK just watch . they arrive at the roulette table . 48 . roulette dealer get you bet in , get you bet in . the house always win in the long run . because of the zero 's on the board every bet be slightly favore towards the house . Mark put he chip down on seventeen black . the dealer start the wheel . the ball come to a stop on twenty - seven red . roulette dealer twenty -seven red . no one win . in full view , Mark slide he chip over to twenty - seven red . MARK I be on twenty - seven red . the dealer look at this . his brain take a moment to respond . roulette dealer we have a winner . congratulation , sir . the dealer stack up Mark 's new chip and push they over to he . greg you do it . you just , like , quadruple you money . you lucky son of a bitch . MARK that 's nothing . watch this . Mark put all of he chip on double zero . a bunch of other people scatter they chip around the table as well . roulette dealer get you bet in , get you bet in . the house always win in the long run . fork over you money right here folk . I say this so often I want to kill myself . the dealer spin the ball . it come to a halt on nine black . roulette dealer nine black . no winner . 49 . Mark take all of the chip on the table , both he and everyone else's and slide they together into a giant pile and sit they right on nine black . MARK I be on nine black . this be all mine . the table cheer for Mark . some people be a bit confuse , and a slight hubbub arise in the background : " I think I have chip on the table . " " yeah , I too . " " we must be drunk . " " that guy be lucky ! " even the dealer look a bit confuse ... but get over it quickly . roulette dealer nine black win . Big winner . congratulation , sir . the roulette dealer slide about five grand in chip over to Mark . greg 's jaw be on the floor . greg do it again . Mark notice the confuse people around he . MARK I do not think I should . let go play slot . moment later Mark be talk to a pit man right in front of a slot machine . MARK hi , I just win a major jackpot on this slot machine but no money come out . pit man I be sorry about that , sir . let I get that fix for you . and can I say congratulation , sir . MARK thank you . the pit man whisper a few word into he lapel mic . moment later Mark and greg , each carry four giant bucket overflow with chip , waddle through the casino . 50 . greg this be the most amazing night of my life . int . bellagio - penthouse suite - day Mark and greg lounge around the bellagio penthouse suite , pile of chip and cash lie around they . greg be pace delightedly . Mark lie on the couch , unsatisfy . greg it amaze I the win streak you be on . you must be the luckiest man in the world . MARK well , sort of . greg it be like we could not lose . MARK we could not lose . greg do you have a system ? MARK I have get a system . greg well , with you system in just a few week I figure we could be the richest people in the world . MARK and then what ? greg well , here 's what I be think . we take all the money in the world ... and put it on black . MARK why put it on black ? why stop there ? put it on a number and get thirty five time back . greg 's eye widen at the think . greg that 's exactly what we will do . 51 . MARK hold on , I think I find a flaw in you plan . how can they pay we if we have all the money in the world ? greg well , they would just have to . MARK well , they can not because we have get it all . greg well , they would better find it . they can not let we bet if they be not go to pay we back . they will have to just give we the casino . MARK we already own the casino . we have get all the money in the world . we will be betting against ourselves . greg then we will go to another casino . MARK we own that one too . we win that . greg so we own all the casino 's ? MARK yup . greg and if we win we can not pay we back because we already have all the money ? MARK yes . greg think this over for a long beat . greg only one thing we can do then . MARK I be listen . greg take ourselves into the back room and break we own finger . 52 . MARK brilliant . int . mark apartment build - lobby - morning Mark , exhaust from he long night , wait for the elevator to arrive . the elevator door open and Frank , the depressive neighbor , step out . MARK hey there , Frank . frank Mark . how 's it go ? MARK pretty good , thanks . Frank stop and turn around , this be a different response . frank really ? MARK yeah . you ? frank awful . I be do some internet research last night about suffocation suicide . I be probably go to give that a try tonight . MARK oh. ( pause ) all right . bye , Frank . frank bye . Mark get in the elevator , Frank walk away . a short beat . Mark exit the elevator and yell after Frank . MARK Frank ! Frank , halfway out the building , turn around . frank yeah ? MARK do not do it . 53. Frank think this over . frank why not ? I be miserable . and no one will care . MARK I will care . frank you be a loser , though . MARK do not do it , Frank . thing be go to be all right . frank they be ? MARK yes . you be go to meet someone soon . you will not be so lonely . thing be go to turn around at you job . frank my job 's actually fine . MARK well , thing be go to get better . better than they be . frank what about the depression ? MARK it will go away very soon . you be go to be happy soon , Frank . you just need to wait for it . listen to I : you do not need to kill yourself . something change in Frank . a slight smile come over he . frank really ? MARK really . Frank laugh . 54 . frank wow. man , and that suffocation thing really seem like a good idea . MARK it be not . frank okay . well , my night 's open now . you want to hang out later ? MARK I do not know . not really . Frank 's smile fade a tiny bit . MARK sure . of course . let 's hang out . frank I will see you after work . MARK great . Mark get back in the elevator to the sound of Frank laugh to himself as he exit the building . we hold on Mark for a moment as he smile and nod he head . int . mark apartment - night Mark sit at kitchen table , pen and paper in hand . MARK ( v.o. ) ( writing ) I have discover something today very important ... and very powerful . montage Mark do various good deed throughout the day . v.o play throughout . Marks walk up to the homeless man with the " I do not understand why I be homeless and you be all not " sign . he say something to the homeless man , who quickly drop he sign and follow Mark . MARK ( v.o. ) I be as excited as I have ever be in my entire life , and equally scared . ( more ) 55 . MARK ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) I be write this down in a letter in case this thing I have discover somehow end up kill I . I want to ensure that , even if I be not strong enough to use it , that my invention do not once again disappear , never to be discover again . Mark and the homeless man be at the bank . Mark be talk to the bank teller . the homeless man look at Mark nervously . the teller leave and come back with stack and stack of cash . MARK ( v.o. ) in just a few hour since I stumble upon my discovery I have see its potential for evil and I have see its potential for good . outside lecture film , Mark talk to the woman who be adamant about not want to go to work . he whisper a few word into she ear . she smile , pick up she briefcase and gladly walk into work . MARK ( v.o. ) I must be careful with my discovery , for at this point I barely understand it , let alone think I have the power to control it . all I know be that if I be not careful I could easily do irreparable damage to the world , or even cause my own premature death . Mark walk up to the argue couple at the coffee shop , who be now sit at different table , not even look at each other . he pull up a chair next to each of they , individually , and say a few word to they . within moment , the two of they be run into each other 's arm and make out passionately on the floor of the coffee shop . MARK ( v.o. ) now , to explain my invention . in essence , my creation be the act of say word that simply be not . for example , if I tell someone that my eye be blue , then it simply become fact . I still know that , indeed , my eye be brown , but no one else be aware of this fact , so therefore I have blue eye . ( more ) 56 . MARK ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) it 's a game of number : there be only one of I who know I have brown eye , and so many of they who do not . the number always win . Mark be at the elderly home , walk the hall and whisper to he grandmother and each elderly person he pass , leave each one of they with a smile upon they face , and some with tear stream down they cheek . MARK whoever be read this , go ahead and try it . tell someone you eye be a different color then they be . I think you will be amaze at the result . it 's so simple and yet ... so powerful ... this thing I have invent . Mark and Frank be watch tv in Mark 's apartment . the two of they be drink beer and have a good time watch television . MARK ( v.o. ) au revoir , future reader , au revoir . Mark sign he letter , seal it in a envelope , write " my invention " on the outside of it and stick it in a drawer in he kitchen . end montage int . mark bedroom - night Mark lie in bed watch tv . he pick up the phone and dial . MARK Jennifer . it 's Mark . jennifer be you gonna hang up on I again ? MARK no. maybe . who know . I be call because I want to ask you out on another date . jennifer why would you do that ? 57 . MARK I discover something yesterday . I find out I can pretty much have my life anyway I want it from now on . jennifer congratulation . I gotta go . MARK wait , and I know you say you do not want to date I ever again , but I be different now . thing have change . I think I be in you league now . jennifer you be better look ? MARK no. I be not better look . I be just more ... powerful . I think you have to see it for yourself . jennifer have you be to the gym ? MARK no , I have not be to the gym . it 's just ... it 's amazing . thing be different for I now . you have to see this . I think you will hardly recognize I . jennifer do you buy better clothes ? MARK no , look can we just meet up ? there be silence on the other end of the phone . MARK Jennifer , if there be even a glimmer of something about I that you like , please say yes . you even admit that we get along well . just give I one more chance . just one little teensy , tiny date . jennifer okay , fine . 58 . MARK fantastic . tomorrow night . I will pick you up at eight . jennifer most likely it will be we last date though , so just know that . MARK ( sarcastic ) that 's very sweet . jennifer no it be not . do you not hear what I say ? MARK yeah , no I be be ... ( pause ; search ) ... there 's no word for it . see you tomorrow night . jennifer bye . Mark hang up happily . movie trailer voice ( on t.v ) in we World .... in the 1800' ... pan on tv : the screen be all black . movie trailer voice ( on t.v ) ... come the great revolution of they all . ( climactic music ) the industrial Revolution . the black fade to angelo badsmith , a middle - age African american man sit before a fire in a green smoking jacket , hold a script . movie trailer voice ( on t.v ) written by fame screenwriter Rob marlowe and read by oscar win reader angelo badsmith . angelo badsmith hello , I be angelo badmsith . come watch I read about the exciting event that take place during the industrial Revolution . ( more ) 59 . angelo badsmith ( cont would ) also , I will tell you all about my personal misfortune , such as my wife who cheat on I with a man name perry . the screen read : " the industrial Revolution . summer ` 07 . " back on MARK : his eye be wide . the wheel in he head be spin again . MARK Rob marlowe , you streak of success have finally come to a end . suddenly Mark jump and run to he kitchen table . he grab a pen , pull out a sheet of paper ... and begin write . series of jump cut : Mark write furiously throughout the night , pile up page upon page . by the time the sun come up Mark be exhaust , with barely the energy to keep he head up as he write " the end " and place the final page on he large stack of finish page . fade to : ext . lecture film - car lot - morning Mark hustle through the parking lot , manuscript in hand . he reach the door and then stop -- remember something . Mark run to the curb and throw he manuscript onto the dirty , filthy street . he get down on he hand and knee and rub he manuscript into the grime , make sure to get every page equally filthy . satisfied , he organize the page into a neat pile and enter lecture film . int . lecture film - writer' office - day Mark walk the aisle of lecture film . people stop to stare at he . there be a whisper hubbub from the many cubicle and office . Mark pass he old office , stop to read the sign on the door : " 14th century -- close . " Mark grimace and keep walk . shelley ( o.s. ) he 's go crazy ! 60 . Mark turn he head to see shelley , stand down the hall , terrify , stare at Mark . Mark ignore she and keep walk . lean against he door jamb , be Rob , smirk as Mark pass he . rob come to beg for you old job back ? hey everybody , here 's the loser who think the Black Plague would make for a interesting film . good luck , douche bag . freaking loser . Mark walk right up to the door that read , " head of development -- Anthony James . " Mark open the door . Anthony be on the phone , he back to Mark . ANTHONY ( on phone ) they be go to fire I any moment , I just know it . I be really , really horrible at my job . I do not know anything about movie . I do not even like movie . I like sport . head of development , what do that even mean ? I be not a smart person . okay , talk to you later . Anthony turn around to find Mark . his face become very , very scared . ANTHONY that be the head of the studio . ( pause ) I be very scared that you be mad at I about the whole fire thing . MARK I be not mad at all . Anthony be relieved . ANTHONY oh good , because I feel really bad about it . I mean , I would be horrible at you job too . I would be horrible at any job in this place . ( pause ) I love sport . they both stare at each other for a long beat . 61 . ANTHONY why be you here ? Mark pull up a chair . MARK when you fire I , I be very depressed . ANTHONY I know it . MARK and so I leave this building and I just start walk . and I walk all the way out of town . and then I walk into the desert and I fall asleep under a tree . ANTHONY I do not do well with other people 's life change event . MARK and when I wake up I find this strange old chest stick out of the ground . so I start digging . and I unearth a very old and ancient box . probably , oh ... about ... seven hundred year old . and inside the box ... ( hold up manuscript ) ... be this . Mark place he muddy , dirty , manuscript down on Anthony 's desk . Anthony be scared to touch it . ANTHONY what be it ? MARK it 's a never - before -heard historical event from the past . ANTHONY when do it take place ? MARK the 1300' . the excitement drain from Anthony 's face . 62 . ANTHONY I tell you we be not interested in Black Plague movie here , Mark . MARK this one be not about the black plague . well it be not just about the black plague . let I read you some of this . Anthony roll he eye . MARK Anthony , get excited about this . this be a brand new event from history that no one have ever hear before . it 's a great human discovery . ANTHONY yeah , but be there a movie there ? MARK the great movie lecture film have ever make . Anthony 's eye widen . ANTHONY start read . Mark pick up the manuscript and open the first page . MARK ( reading ) on the very first day of the fourteenth century , a momentous occasion occur . it begin as a day much like any other . the sun rise , the people awoke , worker begin to work , baby begin to cry . but all of that be interrupt when a giant fly space ship crash down from the sky and land in the heart of Babylon . Anthony 's mouth drop to the ground . ANTHONY what ?! Mark smile . Anthony pick up he phone and press " intercom " . 63. ANTHONY ( on phone ) I want everyone in here now ! we have get a big one . Anthony hang up . ANTHONY please , Mark . continue . MARK ( reading ) as the smoke clear , the door to the spaceship open and inside , be hundred of beautiful , half naked alien woman . dissolve to : the room be fill with people now , all of they hang on every word Mark read from he manuscript . even Rob and shelly lean against the back wall , they mind blow by the story Mark be tell . MARK ( reading ) and then the ninja army unleash a giant fireball that bring the robot dinosaur to its knee , save Mars , Earth and the nude amazonian alien woman all in one sweeping motion . the earth be save . jebediah and aleena be allow to marry by alien king xardon . it be to be the first human - nude amazonian alien woman wedding , and no expense would be spare . all of Babylon and Mars be invite to join in the celebration . people around the room wipe tear from they eye . MARK ( reading ) the wedding be hold on a brisk summer day on Mars , with all of the survivor of the great ninja War and the Black Plague present . they feast and dance and laugh and it be a joyous occasion . ( more ) 64 . MARK ( cont would ) the moment the bride and groom kiss , King xardon perform a mind - wipe on all of the human , thereby erase all knowledge of this event from they mind , and send they back to Babylon . for seven hundred year this event would be forget by mankind until one day , a great writer by the name of Mark bellison , would stumble upon they in the desert , after be fire by he shit boss Anthony and mock by Rob and shelly , two huge douche bag . lecture film motion picture studios would go on to make the picture and it would be a big success , and Mark would become very wealthy and famous from it . the end . the entire room burst into applause . not just normal applause , but massive , epic applause . everyone crowd around Mark , hugging he , touch he , blow away by the magnanimity of the moment . ANTHONY Mark , tell we what it 's call . Mark think it over for a moment and look right at Rob . MARK ( to Rob ) the Black Plague . Rob sneer . everyone " aah " and clap again . int . fancy restaurant - night Mark and Jennifer sit at a candlelit table in the corner of a hip and fancy restaurant . Jennifer look beautiful . Mark be on cloud nine . jennifer congratulation on sell you script today . MARK thanks . thank you for have dinner with I . 65 . jennifer everyone need to eat . ( pause ) and I enjoy you company . Mark smile . they both sip they drink and look at they menus . the waiter come up . waiter I be a extremely important waiter . ( pause ) what can I get you ? MARK I do not want to know what it be , I just want to order the most expensive thing on the menu . jennifer I will have the duck . and I think you look like a little rat face man . waiter okay , I will have that right up for you . the waiter leave . Mark and Jennifer stare at each other for a short beat . something have change between they and they can both feel it . jennifer thing seem to be turn around for you . MARK today be the best day of my life . hand down . easy . best day . jennifer it 's not every day you unearth a monumental historical event and sell it for a ton of money . MARK that be not the best part . it be great , but it be not the peak of my day . ( pause ) I have have a crush on you ever since I see a picture of you on greg 's refrigerator two year ago . jennifer oh . 66 . MARK the best part of my day today be right now , sit at this table here with you . jennifer oh . MARK you be the most beautiful woman I have ever see in my life , and you be special ... and it make I happy to be around you . jennifer thank you . Jennifer be touch ... but she do not reciprocate Mark 's feeling . Jennifer move on . jennifer tell I something about you family . I really do not know much about you . MARK ah , my family . we be what you would probably call " not lucky " . my whole family be kind of mark by tragedy , bad luck and general ... shittiness . it go back a long way and could probably drive someone to suicide just hearing about it , so I will keep it simple . my mom die when I be six . Cancer . jennifer sad . MARK and my dad get real depressed and lose he job . out of work and with a kid to raise he have no choice but to turn to a life of crime . jennifer what kind of crime ? MARK he be a robber . house mostly . dissolve to : 67 . int . suburban house - day Nice , mid-to- upper class home . lot of white wood . the house be very quiet , until ... the phone ring and the answer machine pick up . mark dad ( o.s. ) ( on answer machine ) hi , I be call to let you know I will be robbing you house today . I will probably be there within the hour . ( pause ) I hope you be not there . the message end . pan over to a soccer mom stand in the doorway . she drop she coffee and scream . dissolve to : int . fancy restaurant - night MARK he be a very unlucky man . he spend he last day behind bar . I never really know he . ( sad moment ; pause ) but I guess I have also have a little luck in my life . I do have a wonderful grandmother who raise I . jennifer oh , that 's sweet . MARK yeah , she 's great . jennifer where be she ? MARK Old person 's home obviously . who want to live with that ? Gross . jennifer I know , right ? MARK but I be go to get she out of there tomorrow . ( more ) 68 . MARK ( cont would ) I be go to buy she a big beautiful mansion where she can spend she few remain day in luxury . jennifer that 's nice . the waiter arrive with they food . waiter I do not know what 's wrong with the chef today , but this just look awful . he place they down . MARK they look fine to I . waiter well , you be stupid . Mark and Jennifer begin eat . Mark want to say something and take a moment to summon the courage . MARK right . I be think that since I be go to be rich and successful now that I might be in you league . ( pause ) and that maybe we could be together . romantically . jennifer what would be the point ? Mark do not expect this answer . MARK well , I do not know , maybe we might enjoy it . maybe we would be good together and could have a happy life , raise a family together . Jennifer think this over . jennifer well , I do like you . and I enjoy you company . ( more ) 69 . jennifer ( cont would ) and if we be to get together and procreate I would like the offspring that be carry half my genetic code to be well take care of and financially stable . I also think you would make a good father and a good husband , which I like . Mark smile . this be go well ... MARK good. fantastic . jennifer unfortunately , none of that change the fact that you would still be contribute half of the genetic code to we child . ( pause ) I do not want short , fat kid with little snub nose . and that 's the end of that . Mark nod . MARK sure . Mark take a bite of he food . Jennifer smile and do the same , oblivious to Mark 's pain . Mark 's cell phone ring . MARK ( on phone ) hello ? ( pause ) what ? Mark 's face melt in terror . MARK ( on phone ) ( loudly ) what ? int . hospital room - day Mark burst into the hospital room to find he grandmother , martha look tired and scared , hook up to dozen of machine , the heart monitor beep ominously . MARK grandma , they just call I . what 's go on ? be you okay ? 70 . martha I do not know , I fall on my way back to my room . MARK what do the doctor say ? martha they say I will probably die tonight . MARK what ? there 's a knock on the door . the doctor enter . doctor oh , hello . I be just come in to check on she , you must be martha bellison 's grandson . MARK what be you talk about she 's go to die ? doctor I be sorry . it just do not look good . she 's suffer a major heart attack and she heart be very weak , she pulse not very strong , she blood pressure be drop rapidly and most likely she will have a fatal heart attack during the night . MARK fuck . the doctor check martha 's chart . doctor yup , still go to die . Mark sit down next to martha , in total shock . doctor I be sorry , guy . I wish I feel something for you two , but I really do not . I do this exact thing about thirty time a night and it 's really harden I to human suffer . on a side note , it 's fajita night at the cafeteria downstairs . you might think about grab a bite to eat there after you grandma die . 71 . the doctor leave . Mark hold he grandmother 's hand , she hand be shaking . martha I be so scared , Mark . I do not want to die . you know , people do not talk about it much , but death be a horrible thing . one minute you be alive , there 's a whole world around you , hum and jump , people come in and out , door open and close , love and anger and the whole mess of it all , and then like that , it 's all go . ( crying ) this be it Mark , only a few hour leave of this until a eternity of nothingness . the wheel in Mark 's head be spin again . suddenly the heart monitor start beat rapidly and martha lurch in pain . MARK grandma ! Mark immediately slam on the big red " call nurse " button , hold he grandmother down as she lurch in pain . second later three nurse burst into the room . nurse # 1 she 's seize . nurse # 2 begin fill a syringe . Mark sit by he grandmother 's head , they be both look right at each other . martha I be scared . MARK listen closely to I , grandma . I have a surprise for you . we focus on Mark and he grandmother , inch from one another as the paramedics busy themselves around martha 's die body . MARK you be wrong about what happen when you die . it 's not a eternity of nothingness . martha be hang on to every word Mark be say . 72 . MARK when you die you be go to go to you favorite place in the whole world . and you be go to be with all of the people you have ever love and who have ever love you . and you be go to be young again , and you will be able to run through the field and dance and jump , and there will be no sadness , no pain , just love and laugh and happiness . there will be pony make of gold , and everyone will live in giant mansion , and everything will smell like cookie . and it will last for a eternity , grandma . a eternity . tear be roll down martha 's face as a glimmer smile overtake she face . Mark look up to see the nurse , paramedics and doctor all stare at Mark in total shock . nurse # 1 go on . doctor what else happen ? the cardiogram flat line . MARK do you job ! everyone distractedly go back to help the grandmother . MARK you be go to be happy forever , grandma . I promise you . say hello to my mom for I . tell she I love she . again , everyone have stop help martha , they be all listen intently . some of they be cry . nurse # 2 ( tearfully ) I be go to see my mother again when I die . doctor tell we more , please . 73. martha stop breathe . the machine flatline . and with that martha be go . MARK damn it . Mark turn away from he grandmother . stand outside in the hallway be Jennifer , watch Mark with true empathy in she eye . int . mark car -- morning Mark and Jennifer pull up in front of Jennifer 's apartment . there be a long beat of silence . jennifer I be so sorry , Mark . MARK I think I just do something bad . jennifer do you want to come inside ? Mark nod he head . int . jennifer' apartment - live room - night Mark and Jennifer sit side - by-side on she couch . Mark hold a can of beer in he hand , gently turn it around in he palm , stare down at it vacantly . Jennifer sadly watch Mark . slowly and almost absentmindedly , Jennifer 's hand move over and rest gently upon Mark 's wrist , settling there . we hold on they for a long beat . fade to black . fade up : the next morning Mark and Jennifer have fall asleep in the exact same position , both of they sit side - by-side no the couch , she hand still on he wrist . Mark open he eye and look down at she hand , then up at Jennifer who slowly open she eye and smile at he . 74 . jennifer hi. MARK hi. they share a moment . int . mark car - morning a bleary eye Mark drive home from Jennifer 's . as he turn onto he street he find hundred of car block the way . a massive crowd of people be leave they car and walk . Mark get out of he car to find a wild scene : hundred of people campe out on the lawn of he apartment building . stand by he door be the nurse from the hospital . she immediately point at Mark and scream . nurse # 1 there he be ! Mark be bum-rush by a question - ask throng . all of they be pelting Mark with question , all of they confuse and hopeful and desperately look for answer . person # 1 be there only one place you go when you die ? person # 2 will everyone who have ever die be there ? person # 3 what 's this place call ? person # 4 will I get to have sex with people there ? Mark push through the crowd , overwhelm by it all . he get to he door and open it , only to have the nurse step in he path and block the door . nurse # 1 you owe we a explanation . if you know something this important , you better tell we all . MARK who be you people ? 75 . nurse # 1 the word you speak last night , to you grandmother , spread like wildfire . please , tell we more . explain what you say . MARK Fine , fine , just give I a minute . Mark push past she and into he building , close the door behind he . int . mark apartment - day Mark go to he fridge and pull out a beer . his mind be reeling . as he open a drawer to get a bottle opener he see the letter : " my invention " . Mark eye it ominously . the phone ring . Mark screen the call . jennifer ( v.o. ) ( leave message ) you have be go for twenty minute and I turn on the t.v to see you on every station . what 's go on ? this be seriously the weirdest thing ... Mark pick up the phone . MARK remember last night when I say I think I do something bad ? well now I know I do something bad . jennifer they be say that you know something different about what happen after you die . Mark walk into he bedroom and turn on the tv . sure enough there 's a newscaster on he lawn , give a report , with a banner on the screen that read , " New death discovery " . MARK hold on . Mark put down the phone and listen to the t.v. reporter ( on t.v ) twenty - four hour ago , Mark bellison be just you typical nobody writer . ( more ) 76 . reporter ( on t.v ) ( cont would ) today , people be say he know new information about what happen after you die . Mark put the phone to he ear again . MARK fuck . jennifer Mark , what do you know ? what do you tell you grandmother last night ? what 's go on ? MARK I can not explain it all right now . why do not you come over ? jennifer okay . ext . mark apartment build - afternoon Jennifer push through the throng of people , which be now even larger than before . as she reach the door Mark open it for she and slide she through . MARK come up quick , they look like they could get out of hand any second . Mark hurry Jennifer into the elevator . int . mark apartment - live room - afternoon Jennifer sit on the couch while Mark , agitate beyond recognition , pace the room . jennifer just tell I what you tell you grandmother . MARK I do not think I should . who know what could happen next ? I be just go to keep my mouth shut from now on . jennifer what you say obviously affect a lot of people . I do not think you have the choice to keep it in now . 77 . MARK sure I do . I could just walk out that door and get on a plane and go to Namibia . no one know I in Namibia . jennifer just tell I what you say . please , Mark . MARK my grandmother be die , and she be terrify , shaking all over . she do not want to just become nothingness . so I tell she that when she die there would not be nothingness . that she would be with all of the people she love who have die and that she would live a eternity of joy and happiness . Jennifer 's heart skip a beat . jennifer ( barely able to speak ) how do you know this thing ? Mark sigh and look out the window . the crowd extend down the block , all of they sit calmly on he lawn , talk quietly to each other , try to make sense of it all . Jennifer get up and stand beside Mark . jennifer you have to tell they everything you know . this be too big . you have no choice . MARK but you do not understand . the word I say ... they be not ... it 's not right . jennifer how do you grandmother feel when you tell she this thing ? MARK happy . at peace . jennifer and how do that make you feel ? 78 . MARK good . jennifer ( sweeping she hand over the crowd ) think how good it will feel to do the same for all of this people . Mark think this over . MARK okay . but I need a few hour to get my thought together . jennifer I will go tell they . MARK wait ! be you sure this be right ? jennifer of course it be . you know something that 's go to change mankind forever . it 's the most important thing the world have ever hear . Jennifer leave the room . Mark , alone with he thought , sit down at he kitchen table , pull out a few sheet of paper , grab a pen and start write . dissolve to : ext . mark apartment build - night Mark 's neighborhood be a sea of candle . the crowd have grow beyond measure . a massive sea of people , all hold candle , all wait quietly like serene cow for Mark to come down and make he announcement . int . mark apartment - live room - night Mark be hunch over he table write . there 's a knock at the front door . greg walk in with a large pizza and beer . greg I bring pizza . how come you never tell I we all get mansion ? MARK I do not ... 79 . Jennifer come out of the bedroom and quickly " shhh 's " greg . greg inventing the bicycle be one thing , but this ... jennifer shut up . let he work . Jennifer pull greg away from Mark . Mark go back to work . time CUT : later Mark put down he pencil and place both write sheet next to each other . he have finish . int . mark apartment - bedroom - night Mark open the door . Jennifer and greg be on he bed watch t.v . the same newscaster stand outside the building . newscaster ( on t.v ) in Seoul Korea , they wait . in Rome , Italy , they wait . in London , England , they wait . in New York City , they wait . the world have come to a standstill , everyone at they television and radio , or here on this lawn , wait for Mark bellison to come forth and tell the people what he know . Mark wave he manuscript in the air . MARK I be do . Jennifer and greg jump off the bed . jennifer be you ready ? MARK I guess . int . mark apartment - live room - night they head towards the door . 80 . MARK I feel like I should be read this off of something other than just notebook paper . I wish they be like , write on large tablet or even just nicer paper or something . greg grab a empty pizza box off of the counter , rip it into two piece and tape he two page onto they . Mark hold the two halve of the pizza box awkwardly and nod he head . MARK feel better . Mark look at Jennifer and greg with fear in he eye . jennifer just tell they what you know greg good luck out there , man . ext . mark apartment build - night ots of newscaster cameraman . the newscaster be interview a young man , with Mark 's apartment building in the background . young man I hear that he say we all get mansion , and that there 's even pony . newscaster ( to cameraman ) pony . mansion . Ice cream . this be the thing we can all expect when we die . what else can we expect ? we will not know until Mark bellison step out of that ... young man ( shout ) there he be ! Mark crack open the front door and step out onto he front step , with Jennifer right behind he . the newscaster and cameraman run to get into position . Mark look out at the sea of people stare silently at he , wait for answer . 81 . MARK hello . a man run up and hand Mark a microphone . MARK oh , thanks . his voice echoe through the neighborhood . MARK wow . you could hear a pin drop . no one be even breathe . MARK so . I guess you have all hear the thing I tell my grandmother last night and ... I understand why you be here . ( pause ) I know ... some thing . some very important thing . and I be go to share this thing with you now . intercut throughout : different video feed , people listen to radio , stand in the cold watch tv 's through store window -- all around the world . Mark take a deep breath and hold up he " pizza box commandment " . MARK everything you want to know be write here . on this old pizza box . Mark look out at the crowd , all of they so hopeful , so needy . Mark look back at Jennifer and greg who give he a proud nod . MARK ( reading ) number one : there be a man who life in the sky who control everything . number two ... man # 1 ( interrupt ; shouting ) whoa , whoa whoa . what do he look like ? Mark be not prepare for question . 82. MARK ( struggling ) tall . Big hand . a good head of hair . woman # 1 what ethnicity be he ? MARK ( make it up as he go ) he 's a new ethnicity . it 's like a mix of all of we ethnicity . man # 2 do he live on a cloud ? man # 3 can we see he ? MARK ( become confident ) no . he life much higher than the cloud , too high to see . woman # 2 so he life in space ? MARK no , not that high . man # 3 so you mean the thermosphere ? MARK look , people I get a lot to get through here . I be just tell you what I know : man. live in the sky . you can not see he . control everything . cool ? everyone nod . MARK number two : when you die you do not disappear into a eternity of nothingness . instead , you go to a really great place . ( pause ) number three : in that place every person will get a mansion . man # 4 what kind of mansion ? 83. MARK I do not know . whatever kind of mansion you be think of right now . woman # 3 oh no ! I be not think of a mansion ! a lot of people echo this sentiment . man # 5 shit ! I be think of a horrible mansion ! MARK look , it 's the best mansion you can think of , not just now , but ever . whatever the best mansion for you can possibly be , that 's the one you will get . ( continuing ) number four : when you die , all the people you love will be there too . man # 6 will they have they own mansion ? MARK yes , of course . everyone get a mansion . man # 6 what if I want they to live in my mansion ? MARK if they want to live with you , they can leave they mansion and live in yours . man # 6 what happen to they mansion ? MARK I do not know , it go back on the market . woman # 4 what about the people I hate ? will they be there too ? MARK no. 84 . woman # 4 where be they ? MARK okay , they be probably there , but you will never see they . they be far off , too far for you to get there . woman # 4 but what if they try to find I ? MARK they will not . they hate you too . woman # 4 but what if they do not ? what if they love I but I hate they ? MARK well then you be just ... you will both be fine with it . there 's only love there , okay ? ( continuing ) number five : when you die there will be free ice cream . all day . all night . whatever flavor you can think of . woman # 5 what , even bad flavor ? MARK but why would you eat bad flavor ? woman # 5 well , you just say every flavor I can think of . man # 8 oh no , I just think about vanilla and skunk ! MARK well do not eat it then ! woman # 6 I have just think the chocolate sauce be diarrhea ! MARK well do not put it on then ! what 's wrong with you people ? I mean ... ( continuing ) ( more ) 85 . MARK ( cont would ) number six : if you do bad thing you will not get to go to this great place when you die . man # 9 where will you go ? MARK a terrible place . the worst place imaginable . a rumble of terror move through the crowd . woman # 7 what constitute a bad thing ? MARK murder . crime . rape . thing like that . woman # 7 you have to tell we all the thing or else we might do they and it would not be we fault ! the whole crowd echoe this sentiment . MARK Fine . man # 9 be punch someone bad ? MARK yes . man # 9 what if they be try to hurt you ? MARK then it 's fine . woman # 7 be cursing bad ? MARK no. woman # 1 what about be late for work ? 86 . MARK that 's fine too . I mean , you might lose you job if you boss do not like it , but it will not effect what happen after you die . woman # 2 what about if you forget to feed you dog ? MARK that also be fine . unless the dog die . then it 's bad . man # 1 if you do just one bad thing do you go to the bad place ? MARK no. you get ... ( think about it ) ... three chance . if you do three bad thing you be out . man # 1 like baseball ! MARK kind of , yes . there 's a hubbub throughout the crowd : " it 's like baseball " , " I love baseball " " I be scared of the bad place " . MARK any more ? about fifty people stand up and ask they question at the same time . MARK look , can we just move on ? man # 2 no ! we have to know everything that 's bad ! MARK Fine . let 's start with you ... ( pointing ) man # 3 be it bad to wear pants ? 87 . Mark sigh . dissolve to : insert : " six hour later " MARK no . there 's no hairstyle that will put you in the bad place . like I have tell you , the main thing be hurt people physically on purpose , take people 's stuff , do thing to people they do not want do , kill people on purpose . okay ? be we good ? the crowd nod apprehensively . many of the people in the crowd be cry . one of the cry man , shaking like a leaf , stand up , with terror in he eye . crying man ( shameful ) I have do many of that bad thing . be there anything I can do to not go to the bad place ? help I , I be so scared . MARK well , you do not know about this bad thing until I tell you just now so you be fine . man # 8 ( crying ) be I fine ? woman # 5 ( crying ) what about I ? ton of people shout similar sentiment . MARK you be all fine ! I be only talk about people who do bad thing start right now . everyone else be fine . the crowd erupt in a massive cheer . people hug each other passionately , wiping tear from they eye . 88. MARK ( reading ) number seven : the man in the sky who control everything decide if you go to the good place or the bad place . he also decide who life and who die . man # 4 do he cause natural disaster ? MARK yes . woman # 3 do he cause my mom to get cancer ? MARK yes . woman # 4 do he cause that tree to land on my car last week ? MARK yes . the crowd be quiet for a long beat .... they be mull this over . the first man to speak be a blue collar guy with a thick Brooklyn accent . blue collar guy I say fuck the guy that life in the sky ! the whole crowd erupt in agreement . people stand up shouting , flick off the sky . man # 5 yeah ! that guy 's a fuck asshole ! woman # 5 that motherfucker better hope I never see he face to face ! man # 6 that guy 's a fuck coward ! hiding up there and do bad shit to we ! why do not he do it to we face ? woman # 6 we need to stop that motherfucker before he kill we all ! 89 . Mark look worried . he do not anticipate this . suddenly a think occur to he . MARK ( shout ) wait ! everyone quiet down . MARK this guy who life in the sky and control everything be also responsible for all the good stuff that happen . the whole crowd " aaaahh " . man # 7 he 's the guy who save my life on that fishing trip when the boat capsize ? MARK yup . man # 7 do he capsize the boat ? MARK well , yes . woman # 7 he 's the one who kill my grandmother and leave I that million of dollar ? MARK you betcha . woman # 3 so be he the same one who cure my mom 's cancer ? MARK that too . the crowd think this over . man # 8 so he 's kind of a good guy , but he 's also kind of a prick too ? 90 . MARK right . but check this out : ( continuing ) number eight : even if the man in the sky do bad shit to you , he make it up to you by give you a eternity of good stuff after you die . the crowd " aaahh " again . woman # 1 as long as you do not do any of the bad stuff you list , right ? MARK right . of course . woman # 2 so it 's kind of a test ? MARK yes. right. ( pause ) well , that 's it . that 's everything I know . Mark look out at the crowd , they be all exhaust , they mind completely blow . the nurse who start this all step forward . nurse # 1 how do you know this thing ? MARK ( thinking ) the man in the cloud tell I . nurse # 1 yeah , but how come we be just learn this thing now , million of year into we existence ? MARK I do not know , he forget or something . I gotta go people , good night ! Mark take Jennifer by the hand and pull she back inside he building . 91 . int . mark apartment build - lobby - night Mark , Jennifer and greg wait for the elevator , all of they exhaust . MARK you think that go well ? the door open and they get inside . all three of they stare ahead , Mark look exhaust , Jennifer and greg with they mind completely blow ... as the door close and we fade to : montage spin magazine and newspaper headline proclaim " mansion for everyone ( almost ) " , " NASA search for man in the Sky " , " finally -- a reason to do good " , " time : man of the Year : Mark bellison " , " mansion price plummet worldwide " , " cult of bellison await further answer " , " man in Sky murder forty - two in earthquake " , " man in Sky continue to give aids to Babies " , " workplace productivity down fourteen percent -- everyone daydream about mansion " . Mark be at lecture film turn in the script for " the Black Plague " to Anthony . Rob give Mark a dirty look as he pass he in the hall . Mark , smile proudly , stand behind the camera while Nathan goldfrappe read he script . in the background be Jennifer and greg , hang out on set . Jennifer can be see chat with Rob by craft service . Mark remove the " for sale " sign from the front yard of a brand new , beautiful home . Jennifer and greg congratulate Mark enthusiastically . Mark and Jennifer be walk down the street together when Mark stop to point out a new building with a sign that read , " a quiet place to think about the man in the Sky " . the building boast a large stain glass window portray Mark hold the two halve of the pizza box . Mark , Jennifer and greg laugh it up in a stretch limousine as it pull up to the movie premier of " the Black Plague " . Mark , Jennifer and greg walk the red carpet at the premier of " the Black Plague " . Mark be the center of attention . Rob stop by on the red carpet to say hello to Jennifer and whisper something into she ear . Jennifer laugh . 92 . Mark and Jennifer have dinner together , the best of friend , but as they cheer they champagne glass there be a tinge of sadness in Mark 's eye . end montage dissolve to : screen read : " two month later " int . mark mansion - den - evening a dishevel Mark , unshaven and sloppy look , sit in a recline chair , wear boxer and a bathrobe , drink a beer . beer can be litter everywhere . a young gay man in a suit stand before he with a pad and a pen write down everything Mark say . MARK so then the fly duck fly all the way to Alaska where it meet up with a polar bear who could talk . and the polar bear 's name be Martin . and the polar bear be wear a green cape . and Martin and the fly duck both have race car with they name print on the side and ... Jennifer enter the room , upset . jennifer I just see three people climb the fence into you backyard . you really need to think about get better security . ( notice beer can everywhere ) Mark , how many of that have you have ? Jennifer grab the beer out of Mark 's hand . MARK ( continue ; glaring at jennifer ) but then the evil goblin witch come in and steal the fly duck 's race car and make the fly duck very angry . ( grab at he beer ) ( more ) 93. MARK ( cont would ) luckily the polar bear be there to snatch the race car back ... ( but he miss ) unfortunately , the witch be a smart witch and the polar bear be powerless . assistant be that the end ? MARK yeah . assistant that 's a strange end . MARK hey , do not look at I : it 's the man in the Sky 's story . assistant you want I to take this over to lecture film ? MARK yeah . tell they to shoot that one this week . the assistant walk away . MARK ( yelling ) tell they it 's for kid ! Jennifer glare at Mark , disappointed . MARK what ? jennifer you have not leave the house in week . every time I come by you be just sit here write down storey you get from the man in the Sky . MARK hey , he 's the boss . jennifer do not you think you should go outside sometime ? you know there 's about five thousand people on we lawn wait to ask you question . 94 . MARK yeah , yeah . Jennifer sit down next to he . jennifer what 's with you ? you seem sad . Mark shrug . jennifer I do not get it . you be a very successful writer , you have win countless award and oscar ... Jennifer wave towards a shelf full of oscar and various other award . jennifer you have change the way people see the world , the way they see death and life . you have make the entire world happy . MARK not the entire world . jennifer I know . not you . the one person who should be happy , the person who have everything ... MARK ( interrupting ) not everything . jennifer what else do you want ? Mark sit up in he chair and look right at Jennifer . MARK I would trade it all in for you . all of it . Jennifer sigh and sit down beside he . jennifer well , you have get I . as a friend . MARK ( not sarcastic ) yeah . that 's important . ( more ) 95 . MARK ( cont would ) but why can not we be together . why can not you be with I ? jennifer because of the whole snub nose thing . with kid , you genetics . you know , fat , short ... MARK ( stop she ) yeah . okay . yup. ( pause ) it 's almost a shame that be rich and powerful and famous do not change you genetics . jennifer what ? MARK it would be great if it change you genetic material because I really love you but I just do not ... suddenly Mark have a idea . he look right at Jennifer . MARK it do change you genetics . Jennifer light up . jennifer do it ? Mark stare at she for a short beat . he can not go through with it . MARK no . no , it do not . we kid would be short and fat with little snub nose . jennifer right . too bad . ( pause ) anyway , I have come to tell you I can not go to the movie with you tonight . MARK why not ? jennifer I have get a date . 96 . MARK what ? with who ? jennifer Rob marlowe . Mark stand up . MARK you have get to be fuck ... Rob marlowe ?!? he 's a complete and total asshole . jennifer not to I . he 's very sweet and kind to I . MARK well of course he be , look at you . I mean , for fuck 's sake , a shark would be nice to you ... jennifer it would ? MARK well no , I mean ... ( pause ) do not go out with he . jennifer why not ? he 's a great match for I . MARK what 's he get that I do not ? jennifer we talk about this . if you and I get together it would not be fair to we kid . they have the right to be attractive and have good gene . ( pause ) if Rob and I get marry you can move into we mansion with we when we all die . MARK I do not want to move into you fuck mansion . and what be you do think about marriage with he already ? you have not even go on one date . Mark sit down . 97 . MARK it 's like nothing 's change . jennifer a lot of thing have change . I wish you could be happy . there 's a knock at the front door . jennifer that 's he . gotta go . MARK he 's pick you up here ? jennifer it be he idea . Mark stand up , in shock and follow Jennifer to the front door . she open the door to find Rob look handsome and arrogant . rob what 's up ? wow , I can not wait to have sex with you . Rob notice Mark in he boxer and a bathrobe . rob oh hey there , Mark . you look like trash . ( to Jennifer ) come on Jennifer , let 's go have some fun . and then have some sex . Jennifer turn back to Mark , sad that he 's upset . jennifer I will call you tomorrow . the door close and Mark be leave stand there alone . greg , dress in a bathrobe and look even more slovenly than Mark , waddle up behind he . greg who be that ? ext . mark mansion - poolside - night Mark and greg be shit -face , sit around Mark 's giant swim pool . 98 . MARK hey , watch this . ( yell over the fence ) hey people ! about forty voice shout back : " he 's talk to we ! " " maybe he have more answer ! " " finally ! " MARK the man in the sky just tell I something ! Mark snicker to himself . greg , drunk and stupid , can not help but snicker too . MARK you be all gay ! Mark and greg explode laugh . from the other side of the fence we can hear people mumble shock . " I be gay . " " I always know it . " " this be go to be awkward for my husband . " MARK and adopt ! Mark and greg almost roll into the pool they be laugh so hard . the people on the other side of the fence be not laugh : " who 's my real mother ? " , " this explain so much " , " dad , why do not you tell I ? " greg I do not know why we be laugh . it 's really probably very sad for that people . MARK I be gettin ' a beer . Mark hobble up and walk into the house . moment later he emerge with two coke . MARK out of beer . just Coke . Mark toss greg a Coke and sit down on he chaise lounge , crack open he Coke and take a sip . MARK I want to do something big again . like tell the people what happen when they die . that feel good . I gotta do something big like that again . 99 . greg maybe the man in the Sky will tell you something new . MARK maybe . Mark look down at he can of Coke . close on coke can : the warning label be extremely long and write in very small type . it start with , " coke be very bad for you . the follow be disease , physical ailment and general health issue that coke might cause : " the label then go on to list dozen of ailment . Mark 's eye scan down to the very bottom of the label where it say simply , " if you still want to drink Coke , do so at you own risk . " Mark look over to find greg stare at the depress label as well . greg ugh , this shit be so bad for you . I really should not drink this . Mark stare at this label for a moment , think . with he hand he cover everything on the label except for " please enjoy Coke . " he smile widely . MARK hey , greg . what if I tell you that drink Coke be good for you ? greg turn to he , he face full of hope . MARK and not just Coke . but all the delicious food you be not suppose to eat . what if they be all of a sudden really , really good for you ? greg it would be the happiest day of my life . CUT to : 100 . int . conference room - day a dozen high power executive from all over the globe sit around a massive board room table . the head seat at the table be unoccupy . they mumble back and forth to each other , unsure why they be there . Mark burst into the room in a suit , look very manicure . MARK gentleman , thank you all for come here on such short notice . I have some very big news for you all today . executive # 1 be it from the man in the Sky ? MARK nope , this one I come up with all on my own . and it 's go to change the way you all do business ... forever . Mark hit a button and a projection screen come down on the far wall . Mark start a slide show . MARK up until now , all product sell worldwide have warning label print on they . warning like this . series of slide : we see the same warning we just see on the Coke can , a commercial jet with " this plane might crash -- four of we other one do " print on its side , a car dashboard light read " this car will ignite upon Impact - always " , and a sticker on a grocery store package of ground meat that read " injected with hormone that make it taste better -- but will eventually give you cancer " . MARK as you can see , a lot of this product can be very depress . they remind people of all the horrible thing that can happen to they in life . people hate think about horrible thing . executive # 2 yeah , but they have to know that thing . ( more ) 101 . executive # 2 ( cont would ) they have to be able to protect themselves . I do not want to hurt anyone . especially now that I know about the " bad place " . everyone in the room shudder . MARK hear I out , fella . allow I to introduce you to the future of you company . Mark change the slide to a can of coke that simple read , " Coke -- tastes great ! and it 's good for you ! " everyone in the room " ahhh " . executive # 3 where can I get some of that healthy coke ? MARK it 's the same Coke as before . the executive all squint they eye . executive # 4 but this one be healthy ! and it taste great ! executive # 1 do you have any sample ? MARK guy , it 's the same Coke on the inside . I have just change the outside . executive # 1 ( revelation ) somehow by change the outside , he 's also change the inside ! everyone " aaah " in understanding . Mark sigh and change the slide to that of a commercial airliner with the word " completely safe " write on the outside . executive # 2 oh , thank goodness . I have always hate fly ! executive # 3 I too ! 102 . executive # 4 what a invention ! how do you do it ? MARK I do not do anything , guy . I make this on my computer last night . the plane be exactly the same as it be before . nobody in the room get it . executive # 1 that 's the only plane I will ever fly on again ! MARK that 's the point here guy . with this new advertising strategy , people will buy you product with abandon . executive # 2 but it will take year to replace all of we stock with this new improve product you have invent . MARK no . it will not . all you have to do be print this word on the package . that 's it . Mark change the slide again : the car dashboard light now read , " this car prevent crashes " , and another slide that show a package of meat with a sticker read , " this meat actually cure Cancer " . MARK even if you do not understand it , just start shipping this product out to people as you see they here and you be all go to get very , very rich . executive # 3 how do you do it ? MARK look , they be still the same product you have on the shelf right now . the only difference now be that people will not get bum out or scared when they use they . be not that a good thing ? 103 . the executive all nod they head in agreement and rise to shake Mark 's hand . MARK gentleman , if you will excuse I , I have five thousand gay orphan on my front lawn that be go bananas . Mark exit . dissolve to : int . super market - day we follow a suburban housewife as she push she shopping cart through the aisle of a bright and shiny super market . she pick up a six pack of Coke and notice the label : " New Coke -- it tastes great ! and it 's good for you ! " the housewife smile widely and enthusiastically toss it in she cart . series of cut : the housewife grab different product , marvel at the new , improve feature : " cure sadness ! " , " tastes better than Real Chicken ! " , " this candy be all you body need to survive ! " with a full cart the housewife wheel it to the checkout counter to find swarm of people already there , all of they cart burst to the brim with new , exciting product . everyone look excited and happy . int . bar - morning back at he old stomping ground , Mark sit at the bar by himself drink coffee and watch the tv . greg sit next to he , with two box of cookie and a liter of coke in front of he . different newspaper be spread out on the bar , all of they with similar headline , " World rocked by New healthy product " , " people everywhere line up for guilt - free treat " , " you can eat cake -- all the time ! " . angle on tv : a fat man be be interview in front of a super market , he hold a bag full of junk food in front of he . 104 . fat man thank the man in the Sky for this . I have never be happier in my life . now I can eat whatever I want , whenever I want . the man take a bite of a twinkie and waver a bit like he 's go to pass out . reporter be you all right , sir ? the man steady himself . fat man yeah . I must just be real happy . it say on the wrapper that they help boost you happiness . the man smile , but he 's obviously not feel well . back on MARK he 's watch the tv with a bit of worry on he face . he turn to greg who be eat a stack of cookie and wash it down by gulp from a liter of coke . MARK you should slow down there , greg . greg why 's that ? MARK just because the package say it 's not bad for you do not mean you have to gorge yourself on it . greg but it taste so good . greg shove three more cookie into he mouth . MARK that 's just stupid . greg no it 's not . greg hold up the package of cookie and point to the disclaimer which read , " this cookie make you smarter " . greg see ? 105 . Mark sigh . greg you look sad . here , have a brownie . they will cheer you up . greg hand Mark a brownie that , sure enough , say " they will cheer you up ! " right on the package . MARK I wish that work for I , greg . greg what ? MARK nevermind . I will see you around . Mark get up and leave . int . mark car -- day Mark drive while we take in a bit of he world , highlight the various change he 's wringht . a homeless man stand on the street corner with a sign that now read , " screw it . I will be in my mansion soon . " he have a big smile on he face . the same business man pull up beside Mark 's car , this time eat a giant donut and talk loudly into he cell phone . business man I be not talk to anyone on my cell phone . but from a distance I look very important and busy . at a red light Mark eavesdrop on the same argue couple . girlfriend no , I will not move into you mansion with you when we die . you be really smother I . boyfriend the more you push I away , the more attract I be to you . a bus pass in front of Mark 's car . the ad now read , " pepsi . just as good as Coke . " a car honk behind Mark . the man lean out of he car and yell at Mark . 106 . honking man move it , fatty ! as the man pass he , he look at Mark and pull up beside he . honking man hey you be Mark bellison ! MARK yeah . so be you go to apologize ? honking man for what ? the honk man speed away . int . graveyard - afternoon Mark sit in front of the gravesite of he grandmother . angle on : her tombstone which read , " martha bellison 1918 - 2007 . live a average life for a woman in she time . " MARK nothing 's really change . I give people the man in the Sky , make myself rich and successful , tell the world they can eat whatever they want and feel good about it . everyone 's happy but I . because I be the only one who know it all ... be not . I make it all up . ( pause ) you be not up there live in a mansion . you be right here . in the ground . that 's all . and I be the only one who know that . ( pause ) and the one thing I want I can not have . because the world be too stupid to change . the world only care about what they can see , and what they can know , and what they be use to and what ... make sense . no one listen to what they really want . and that 's why I will always just be a loser , grandma . and that 's why I will always be alone . fade to : 107 . int . mark mansion - kitchen - night with a beer bottle in he hand Mark search through he kitchen drawer for a bottle opener . he open a drawer and something catch he eye . angle on : the envelope which read , " my invention " . slowly Mark pull it out of the drawer and stare at it . the sound of he front door open startles he and Mark shove the envelope into he back pocket . MARK who 's there ? jennifer ( o.s. ) it 's I . can I come in ? MARK sure . Jennifer enter the kitchen . MARK have not see you much lately . jennifer I know . I have be busy with work and thing . and I be get marry . that 's why I come over . to tell you . Mark nod . MARK do not do it . jennifer the wedding be tomorrow . Jennifer pull out a invitation , Mark wave it away . jennifer I hope you will come . Mark shrug and Jennifer put the invitation back in she purse . MARK no point really . 108 . jennifer it would make I happy . be around you make I happy . Mark turn towards she . MARK so do not marry he . jennifer I only have a few year to marry someone with good gene and financial stability so I can have child and the family I have always want . one day I will be old and wrinkly and ugly . MARK no you will not . not to I you will not . I love you . if you really love someone it do not matter what they look like . jennifer what do you mean ? MARK do I this favor . just one favor . do not accept everything you see . do not just do something because that 's the way it 's do . jennifer you be confusing I . MARK think about what you want . find out what you really want . and if it 's not the same as what I want , well then I will know that and I will never darken you doorstep again . ( pause ) I want you . what do you want ? Jennifer and Mark stare at each other for a long beat . jennifer I be go to go . MARK please do not . will you just stay a little bit longer ? I do not want to be alone . just sit with I . 109 . Jennifer nod . Mark lead she into the live room and they sit down far apart from each other on the couch . Mark turn the tv on and they both sit in silence . later . Mark have fall asleep on the couch . Jennifer check she watch and stand up . she take out she wedding invitation and lay it on the coffee table by Mark . she unfold a blanket and be about to place it on he when she notice a envelope stick out of he back pocket . she pull it out and look at it . jennifer ( reading ) my invention . she open the letter and begin to read . once finish , she fold up the letter and hurriedly leave , scared and confuse . dissolve to : the next morning Mark wake up and see Jennifer 's wedding invitation on the coffee table . he sigh . int . mark house - bedroom - morning Mark stand before the mirror , dress in a suit , put on a tie . greg poke he head into the room , dress in a suit as well . greg we be gonna be late . ext . " church " - day the sign outside read , " a quite place to think about the man in the sky " . greg make sense people would start get marry at this place . I mean , who you marry decide who 's mansion you be go to live in one day . it 's a big decision . 110 . MARK yeah . they enter the building . int . " church " - day a small stage sit before a large stain glass window portray Mark hold the two halve of the pizza box . Rob stand at the altar . Mark and greg take they seat amidst a crowd of people sit quietly in they chair . int . " church " - bridal room - day Jennifer sit in a small room in a beautiful white dress , look as beautiful as any woman have ever look . she stare absentmindedly out the window . there 's a knock at the door . jennifer' mother poke she head in . jennifer' mother it 's time , dear . Jennifer do not answer . we push in on Jennifer to see she 's clutching Mark 's letter in she hand . jennifer' mother Jennifer ? jennifer I do not feel all right . jennifer' mother what 's wrong ? do you have food poisoning ? jennifer no . I do not think there 's a word for what I have . int . " church " - day " here 's come the bride " play over a organ and Jennifer walk down the aisle towards a smile rob. Mark watch she in awe , stunne by she beauty . Rob notice Mark stare at Jennifer and mouth " loser " at he . 111 . Jennifer reach the altar and stand across from Rob . the wedding overseer , a elderly man in a suit , stand between they hold a few sheet of paper in he hand . wedding overseer we be sit here in this building today to share in the wedding of Rob and Jennifer . two young , attractive people who have agree that this union would be mutually beneficial and that they genetic match - up would most likely produce favorable offspring and a life of financial stability and physical security . both Rob and Jennifer nod at each other . wedding overseer Rob , do you promise to stay with Jennifer for as long as you want to and to protect you offspring for as long as you can ? rob I do . wedding overseer Jennifer , do you promise to stay with Rob for as long as you want to and to protect you offspring for as long as you can ? Jennifer do not respond . wedding overseer Jennifer ? jennifer ( to overseer ) I be sorry , hold on one second . ( to Rob ) Rob , can I ask you something ? there 's a slight hubbub in the room . Mark perk up . rob ( concerned ) sure . but what be you do ? jennifer what color be my eye ? 112 . rob I dunno ... ( looking ) oh , they be brown . close on Jennifer 's eye . indeed , they be brown . jennifer no Rob , they be blue . Rob look again . Mark stir in he seat , amaze by what he 's hearing . rob oh , look at that . so they be . you have get pretty blue eye . push in on Jennifer . it work . her mind be reeling . rob can we get on with this ? wedding overseer Jennifer , do you promise to stay with Rob for as long as you want to and to protect you offspring for as long as you can ? Jennifer be confuse . her mind be fight it , but she do not know what exactly she 's fight . finally ... jennifer I do . there be a sigh of relief from the room . Mark shake he head in sadness . wedding overseer before I pronounce this two man and wife , be there anyone here who think they would offer either of this people a better genetic match -up ? Mark bolt up in he chair . MARK me. the whole room gasp . rob oh come on . look at you . you can not be better . 113. MARK yes I can . you have get shmuck gene . rob schmuck gene ? what 's that ? MARK and I love she . ( to Jennifer ) Jennifer , do not marry he . be this what you really want ? jennifer I do not know . ( pause ; unsure ) yes ? Mark think this over for a beat . MARK all right . I be do . Goodbye . awkwardly Mark make he way to the aisle and leave the room . the room be thick with tension . rob be we marry yet ? because I have get plan this afternoon . ext . " church " - day Mark loosen he tie as he walk out of the building and towards the street . in the background we can see the " church " door open . jennifer ( shout ) hold on a minute ! Mark turn , confuse and tired . Jennifer run to he . she stand before he , they both stare at each other . MARK what ? Jennifer pull out Mark 's letter and show it to he . jennifer I be confuse . 114 . MARK so be i. jennifer be any of it ... the thing you say ... be they ... I can not think of the word . ( pause ) be there a man in the Sky ? MARK no. jennifer why would you say there be ? MARK because I could not cope with the look on my grandmother 's face . jennifer but how could you say something that ... be not . MARK I be not sure . I just do it . jennifer and what do you mean that I could grow old and ugly and still be beautiful to you ? MARK I mean just that . you will always be beautiful to I . jennifer but what if my look ... MARK it do not matter . jennifer I feel funny . MARK I too . ( pause ) everything be so hard . nothing be easy anymore . there be a long moment of silence . Jennifer move closer to Mark and look directly into he eye . 115 . jennifer I know what I want . MARK what ? jennifer I want short , fat kid with little snub nose . the biggest smile we have ever see come across Mark 's face . MARK ( jubilantly ) easy ! that 's a easy one . just like she do the night on she couch , Jennifer reach over and put she hand on Mark 's wrist . they both stare at each other for a long beat , hold hand , love beam from both of they . the world be change before they eye . jennifer do anyone else know about you invention ? MARK no . but I be sure it will not be long . jennifer should we tell they right away ? MARK I be not sure . I do not think everyone will understand . greg stick he head out of the church door . greg what 's go on out here ? everyone 's just sit in there . be we gonna finish this wedding ? Jennifer smile at Mark . jennifer yes . Mark smile back . MARK praise the man in the Sky . 116 . we rise up as Mark and Jennifer walk hand in hand towards the church -- and a unknowable future . narrator the world 's last moment of honesty . a monumental occasion in the history of mankind . ( pause ) that lowly writer who stumble upon the ability to lie go on to become one of the most important man of he age , marry to one of the most beautiful woman of he time , and pass on the lie gene to generation to come . ( pause ) a world without honesty be a world with dream . a world with pretense . a world with fiction . a world with flattery . and most importantly , a world with true love . put simply , a world very much like we own . fade to black . the end