o the mirisch company , Inc. 1041 North formosa James clavell Hollywood 46 , California April 26 , 1962 " the great escape " " in its essence this be the story of a group of man - and of one man , Roger bushell , who be the colorful leader . and yet through it all run the theme that even in death man can triumph over any obstacle . " to my mind this be also the story of a Tower of babel . the fact that this tower be in reverse and happen to be a tunnel be a minor point . what be important then - and be more so now - be that this Tower of babel be successfully erect . it prove something important . in one magnificent gesture the seventy - six rag , verminous man of all nationality who climb out of that stinking hole in the ground in silesia on that windy March night in 1944 thumbed they collective nose at the entire third Reich ané all it stand for . " they triumph , through the only mean leave to . they , over a idea that be rotten from the core out . and. they prove for all posterity that man , work together , can dig a damned deep hole in the ground - or build a shine Tower of babel . George harsh " from the introduction to Paul brickhill 's the great escape + '' fade in : ext . german countryside - dawn a heavily guard truck 1 barrel through the dawn mist . it be precede by a open car with many uniform german soldier in it - one stand grimly beside a mount machine gun which cover the truck . more german soldier in motorcycle sidecar flank the truck , also guard it warily with machine gun . follow be another open car with another machine gun point towards the truck . camera pan the convoy around to see , ahead , many other truck also heavily guard , wait in a formation area . hundred of german soldier ring the whole area . Machine gun at the ready . ramsey's voice in some way , all countryside have a beauty - in peace as well as war . but during a war the countryside become dominate by other thing - machinery , gun , bullet , man . ( pause } and in the course of war some man live , some die , and some be capture . ( pause ) towards the end of World War ii Germany be one vast prison camp and the problem of containment of prisoner - slave laborer and prisoner of war - be acute . among this there be a small group of officer pow 's who be a censtant thorn in the german side for however much the Germans try to keep they lock up - there be escape and escape and escape . ( beat ) so with simple teutonic logic , the Germans decide to end , once and for all , the irritant of this special group . they decide to concentrate all the worst offender from camp all . over Germany into a special escape proof camp . and they decide to watch this . camp very well indeed . its name be stalag luft North . ns a train chug to a halt at a desert siding . immediately hundred of german soldier , heavily armed , converge as the cattle truck door be unbolt and a small group of tired , filthy raf officer pow 's jump down and be guide to cover truck . truck 3 the prisoner , mass - just face and movement - be eurse by grimface guard into the truck under extreme security condition . the MAIN convoy 4 the senior german officer , tall , jackboote , give the start order and immediately engine grind into life , motorcycle take up they position and snarl into eonvoy line of march . each truck swarm like a queen bee with guard . another angle - a heavily guard truck 5 join the convoy . faper be pass over , and the ' truck ds motion into line . - another gle - the MAIN convoy 6 - grind into malevolent life . snatch of white faece of the prisoner . fatigue . swarm guard . a german toun . . oo 7 the traffic be cordon off by german soldier traffic cop as a convoy barrel through - watch by silent , curious crowd . once the last truck - swarm as always by guard - be pass , the soldier jump into truck , car , etc. and follow hurriedly . ext . stalag luft - day - sentry tower - sentry 8 ' the fifteen foot sentry tower be @ little more than ae cover platform with a armed - always armed - uniform sentry . searchlight . telephone . around the sentry be neck be a pair of binccular . he look off , react . he Pov 9 the convoy approach through monotonous , desolate pine wood . 10 il be ny 13 14 15 16 17 o the sentry 10 . immediately blow he whistle . this be take up by other . over come gutteral german command . from tower - the convoy 11 grind through the barb gate and begin form up in the vast , desolate camp area . 300 yard by 300 yard . dirt. surrounded by nine foot barb wire double fence . impossible to scale . Machine - gun sentry tower every 150 yard . Fifteen new barrack hut . hundred of guarc , " ferret " ( prison spy ) converge on the twenty truck -~ all heavily armed . truck . 12 the canvas flap be open and the pow 's begin to get out . all tired . dress in haphazard uniform . carry pot , pan , dedroll , box ; one hes a guitar , another a teapot ; some carry nothing ; all be raf officer . they stare arourd silently , appal by the extent of security rescriction . . another truck 13 more ferret and guard get the ' silent . pow 's into some semblance of order and line they up to be searched . the first man , eame - a young fiight Lieutenant - stumble , drop he pack , sourly bend down to pick it up . close shot - he hand . : 14 as he pass a pair of wire cutter to the next in jane . the wire cutter disappear . oe eame , 15 straighten and allow kramer , a german ferret , to search he . very efficiently . Kramer find a jack knife , pocket it happiiy . as he nod for eame to move out ... = , close shot . - ' hand 16 the wire cutter be deftly pass over once more - disaypear . . MAIN gate - the last truck 17 grind through and the heavily armed guard close the evil barb wire gate with finality . supe : the great escape and interrperse the remain credit over : | | } | 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 4 , full shot 18 the ferret search ... officer stream off to find quarter ... int . barracks - day full shot 19 tiny cubicle room - leng corridor ... officer tapping wall ... peer under bunk ... into attic trap ... settling bedding straight ... case the joint actively . and passively ... ext . compound - day danny velinski 20 a Polish raf officer , chunky , squat on the dirt near the " trip wire " with willie dix , a young englishman . another part of compound 21 near the trip wire be hilt , a taut american . he wear a baseball mitt and stare out of the camp thoughtfully . beside he be goff , another american flyer . near a truck - hendley 22 a tall , impeccably dress american , be thoughtfully watch the german truck driver tinkering . with the engine . int , barrack room - day dai nimmo 23 a small , dark welshman , be get he bunk shipshape in the cursing , shove mass of man . nearby be cavendish , a strong tall man with a flamboyant moustache . ext ... the compound - day : major merivale 24 his age be insharp contrast to the other . he steeples he hand thoughtfully , watch some pathetic Russian slave laborer tidy the remain of cut - down tree . his hand be strangely twisted , two finger almost freeze into a perpetual V for victory sign . near the cookhouse - sedgwick 25 a Australian contemplates.pots.and. pan . then exit . be 27 29 30 near the fence - sandy macdonald 26 stroll along with eric ashley - pitt , Lt. Commander rn , fleet Air Arm . as they walk , they scrutinize the camp . concerned . near the MAIN gate - a german sergeant 27 a tough professional soldier - strachwitz - escort group captain ramsey past the sentries at the gate . ramsey be erect , dress in batter raf uniform , a scarf at he neck ; he limp and walk with a stick . strachwitz lead he to the headquarters Building just outside the compound proper . ext . headquarters build ~ day full shot 28 strachwitz walk up the step with ramsey . int .. posen' office ~ day captain posen 29 be small , very neat , very efficient . he watch from a window then turn as strachwitz enter , salute . the credit end . strachwitz Der herr staffel - kapitaen ramsey . '' posen good morning , Group Captain . I be Captain posen , Colonel von luger 's adjutant . since , as senior british Officer , you be to be liaison between the prisoner . eand the Colonel , he wish to make clear to you certain matter of . -- | ( grop ) -- the word be ' policy ' ? i ramsey nod politely and posen turn , imock on the door . von luger' voice herein . int . von luger' office - day strachwitz 30 hold the door open courteously for ramsey and posen . 31 6 . von luger 31 be a prussian luftwaffe officer . Colonel . immaculate . many medal ribbon . some from World War one . of a age with ramsey . he stand near a window . Big desk - peerless . von luger return ramsey 's casual salute punctiliously . von luger I be Colonel von luger , the commandant , : ( politely ) please sit down . strachwitz stand stiff at attention . ramsey sit . posen stand . von luger sit behind the desk . on it as a large file . he pass cigarettes . a long silence . von luger in the past four year the Reich have be force to spend a enormous amount of time , energy man power and equipment hunt down escape officer pow 's . ramsey ( politely ) it 's rather nice to know you be '' want , be not it , Colonel von luger ? . . : von luger with we it be not a matter for levity . there will be no escape from this camp . ramsey ( wearily ) it be -. the swear duty of officer to try to escape . if they can not , - it be they swear duty to cause : the enemy to use a inordinate number of soldier to guard they and they swear duty to harass the enemy to the best of they ability . von luger I know . the man under you authority have be most successful . ( continued ) oq a o 31 continued : he glance at the file - a photo and a sheet catch he eye - pick it up . von luger ( irritably ) . merivale , for example . caught at dunkirk . escape . recapture . escape . recapture . he even try to jump out of the train come here . seventeen attempt escape - this be close to insanity . ramsey quite . von luger he be in the first World War -- and he 's not even a Air Force Officer . ramsey he 's a major in the british Expeditionary Force . as you say . capture at dunkirk . - ( quizzically ) Colonel , do you expect officer to forget they duty ? ( continued ) 6a. 31 31 32 continued : 31 von luger it be because we expect the orposite that we have bring you here . this camp embody all we have learn of security measure . we have in effect put all we rotten egg in one basket and -- believe I , Group Captain -- we intend to watch this basket carefully . ramsey ( after pause ) very wise . von luger you will not be deny the usual facility . Sports , a library , a camp theatre . and for gardening , we will entrust you - during the day - with tool . but please -- ( a sardonic grin ) -- use they for gardening . devote | you energy to this thing . give you you hopeless attempt to escape and with intelligent cooperation - we may all sit out the war as comfortably as possible . there be a moment 's pause as , he wait for some response : : from ramsey , then -- : ° . aren . | von luger ( continue ) be there any question ? ramsey have you ever be cage , Colonel - von luger ? they stare at each other . ext . comfound - day near fence - willie and danny velinski 32 | | be near the warning wire under the watchful eye of the sentries and goonbox man . Danny pick up some dirt , let the sandy soil dribble through he finger , shake he head . ( continued ) 32 continued : 32 o . danny CO too much sand . Willie be study the wood beyond the fence . willie how far be the tree ? danny over a hundred foot . willie ( do some mental triangulation ) less. danny still a long way to dig . willie we will get cavendish tc make a survey . they stroll along . . willie oo I wish " Big X " be here . as I be . senior tunnel expert , I be " afraid I might be elect . . danny you would make a good " Big X " , Willie . willie ( shake he head ) no . that take a- different sort of mind . ! danny ( look about to see if he could possibly be overhear ) do you think " Big X " get away ? willie no . he would have send we word , somehow , if he have . danny you think the gestapo have he ? willie o that - or he 's dead . 33 34 9 . russian prisoner 33 stand huddle under guard in a group near the vorlager , morose and dirty . some wear long Russian Army greatcoais , but most be barely clothed in motley rag . some carry tool - axe , pitchfork . some be still finish they job , toss branch into the truck . merivale join a group of pow 's nearby . sedgwick , the lanky Australian , be among they . merivale ( urgently ) hold this for I in case I should return . the fou 's react immediately , cover he as he take off he hat and other identify clothes , give they to the man , who pat they on . merivale ( whisper ) now if you would just put on some sort of brief show for the goons . sedgwick what will it be - " Battle Royal " ? " the mad prisoner " ? " the busker " ? " fisticuff " ? merivale : fisticuff would be jolly ' good . - sedgviick grab merivaie 's sweater from hayne , the man hold it . sedgwick it 's mine , you bloody limey ! hayne 4 ( shouting ) no - it 's mine you bloody , illiterate | aussie son of a ... | sedgwick heul off a haymaker and they go at it . haynes land a apparently smash blow on sedgwick who go down . haynes leap on he and they struggle - other pow 's egg they on excitedly . Guards and ferret com . over to break you the fight . merivale 34 slip in with the Russians , quickly dirty he hand and face . 35 36 37 38 10 . sedgwick : 35 be lyinz on he face still be pummelle by haynes , who refuse to be drag off by the guard . sedgwick note merivale 's - strategy with interest . close at the truck 36 during all this , ives , the jockey - size New Zealander , vault into the back of the first truck and disappear into the branch . willie and danny 37 dive into the next truck , disappear under a camouflage ef branch . by the vorlager area 38 hendley arrive at one of the truck , snake open a tool box , whisk out a small wrench and plier . a ferret spot he . hendley quickly move away . he be join by Ashley - Pitt and Sandy macdonald . he immediately switch the tool to macdonald who hide they on he person while werner rush up . Werner be a ferret . while not stupid , neither be he overly bright . the demand on manpower in Germany pre - clude elway have brain and efficiency at the level of a sry in a prison camp . werner you steal some tool from the truck ? hendley tool ? werner why be you loafing here ? be there a law ? verner oh , american , hendley yes , and you be a german . werner of course . ( continued ) 10a , 38 continued : 38 '' C ) he immediately begin to search hendley , patting he '' , all over . he speak in he earnest way . werner ( continue ) why do you come to Germany ? why fight for England - you enemy ? _ hendley ( keep he attention ) enemy ? what do you mean ? werner in.1812 they burn you capitol . ' hendley what ? propaganda ! Werner be through with he -- turn to macdonald , but Ashley - Pitt place himself first and Werner begin search he . hendley '' ( continue ) — _ . nothing but propaganda , thet 's all . ' werner . ( shaking he head ; steadfastly reiterate ) it 's in the history book . I read it . as Werner search Ashley - Pitt the latter laugh , can not stand to be searched , he 's so ticklish . ashley -pitt ( put . on a act ) oh , I -say . please ! I can not bear it . I be very ticklish . under ccver of this macdonald siip tool to hendley who get they into he trousers rocket . werner ( search macdonald ) for steal tool , cooler . hendley what tool ? o ( continued ) bh 38 39 . 10b . continued : ( 2 ) 38 werner go now . away from here . they wali : away . by warning wire -. hilt 39 stand contemplate the. area between the wire and the fence , and they relation to the goon tower . he be oblivious to the uproar of the fight which be now diminish . his preoccupy slapping of the baseball in he first baseman 's mitt stop . goff , another american , join he . goff '' ~ only one other yank in the place as far as I can find out . seem like we be new boy . ' ( beat ) hey , you in some kind of trance or something ? hilt we get we a blind spot . goff huh ? hilt ' the way that goon towér be place , there 's a blind spot on that fence . goff you be crazy . ( continued ) 39 4o il . continued : 39 hilt look off intc nothing for some moment , he eye glaze as he think . then he snap out of he reverie , nod he head briskly . first glance about to see who be watch , he flip the baseball in the air a time or two , then pretend to fumble ; deliberately shove the ball to the place at the fence . no one notice this . except goff : goff - ( appal ) you be not go out there ! hilt not till the goons're look somewhere else . at russian group ' 40 merivale tap a man in front of he . merivale tovarich . the man turn . merivaie hold up two cigarettes , pantomime he will trade cigarettes for the axe the man be carry , and the coat he be wear . the exchange take piace . a german guard suddenly shout a order . merivale stiffen , then as the man march off realize that be the command . as the Russians move along the pass the far corner of a hut . sedgwick pop from behind the corner , fall in behind merivale . he too have mess himself up and with he gaunt face 41 look perhaps more convincing than merivale . close moving shot - sedgwick and merivale 42 as they march along . sedgwick ( whisper ) you know any Russian ? merivale cniy one phrase . sedgwick well , come on ! - merivale ya vass lublu . sedgwick ya vass -- ? ( continued ) 4l 42 43 12 . continued : 4l merivale lublu , . sedgwick ( practice ) ya vass lublu . ya vass lublu . ( then ) what 's it mean ? : merivale I love you . sedgwick ( react , then sourly ) what good be that ? merivale I - could not say . have not plan on use it myself . at appell area : 42 all eye be attract to the march Russians and the purp gun guard march with they . ramsey be enter the compound , stand near hendley , watch . at the warning wire 43 hilt notice the attention pay to the march Russians . he take a deep breath and ; as goff watch in . horror , step over the warning wire , saunter out to the ball . at the fence he stand motionless for a moment . . the sentries be watch the Russians . it be apparent the goonbo : man do not see he , and he indicate this with a gesture to goff . then reach down for he ball to start back . at this moment , the ferret , frick , spot he , yell . there be a burst of fire from a nearby . sentry , the bullet splattering around hilt ' foot as he dive out into the clear area between the warning wire and the fence . eilt ( yell ) nicht shase : ! do not shoot : hold it : he hold he arm high above he head , rockstill . every gun in sight be fine on hilt though fire be hold . even the march Russians and they guard halt as all watch . frick run to the edge of the warning wire , shout at hilt . ( continued ) 13 . 43 . continued : : 43 frick you fool : to cross the wire be death . hilt huh ? frick this wire . the warning wire . it 41 absolutely forbidden to cross it . you know that ! hilt hold up the basebell . . hilt my baseball roll over . how '' else could I get it ? / frick you first ask permission . hilt turn to a goon box machine gunner , hold up the ball . hilt hey ! okay ? . fri ( furious ) stop this nonsense and get over the wire or you will be kill - instantly . hilt okay - okay . the Russians be order on the march again . goff stare at hilt as if he have burst into flame . hilt ( slapping the ball , wink , study the fence ) useful piece of information . 44 near the gate - strachwitz 4a watch the approach Russians . as the guard open the main gate for the Russians and they be go through he call out . halt ! strachwitz t! ( continued ) ay 14 . continued : 4a as the group be halt , strachwitz walk over to they . step directly beside sedgwick . . strachwitz step out ? merivale turn ' to he , : merivale nyet. nyet . ( slapping sedgwick on the shoulder ) tovarich ! tovarich ! strachwitz so ? merivale tovarich : strachwitz and vho vouch for you , Major merivale ? he gesture to the guard who move forward . strachvitz back in the camp . next time you go to the cooler . : ( to the guard ) bringzen die sofort in sot lage ! as merivale and sedgwick be escort back to the compound , the Russians be march on out . strachwitz take a pitch - fork from they . the truck carry the branch approach the gate . as the first truck stop at the gate strachwit get on to it , gently prod the branch . there be a sudden yell . strachwitz relax sardonically . ives ' voice take it easy . he emerge from the branch . strachwitz you name ? ives ( as he get down ) Flight Lt. ive . ( continued ) 15 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) ay : oq : strachwitz ( ( nod as he remember ) ah. yes . New . Zealander . the photograph in you file do not do you justice . strachwitz ( throw the pitch - fork to guard ) bringt jeden um de ihr findet . the guard begin to prod the branch savagely , make sure no one be there . ive immediately give a short - double whistie through he tooth which be a signal '' the jig be up " end the other emerge from the . truck somewhat sheepishly . then : strachwitz I will take no action against you now . this be the first day here and there have be much stupidity - and carelessness . his eye fall on frick and the other ferret near he , who shrivel . ia , strachwitz os ( continue ) ! . on both side . dismiss . 45 . at truck De , 45 during all of this , hilt have sneak to a truck , where he now hang spread - eagle underneath by he hand and toe hook into the lower chassis . 46 = strachwitz 46 turn away from ive and the other as they exit and go grimly to the truck under which hilt be hang . he order the driver out with a gesture . and take he place at the wheel . then throw the truck in reverse , back into the camp , then slam it into gear and race into the tree trunk studd appell area . the other watch in horror as strachwitz drive the truck across the stump . hilt flatten himself upward to he utmost as the stump go by he by fraction of a inch . but he do not let go or ery out . strachwitz stop the truck for a moment . underneath the truck , hilt ' face be grim , but he do not budge . strachwitz 's face flush with anger and slamm the truck in gear again he take off , this time violently careen the truck over the high stump . finally he stop ; beat in he attempt o to make hilt give in . he get out and stand by the truck . 48 16 . close on piglet ives 47 he give strachwitz a loud derisive ' bird ' . strachwitz : 48 react , n-ve ive out of the corner of he eye , but concentrate on the truck . strachvitz you may come out now , hilt ! hilt emerge and face strachwitz , he eye cold with hatred as ferret and guard converge . hilt lift up the tab of the collar of he shirt . under it ( as be often do by Americans in combat ) be he insignia of rank . hilt it 's Captain hilt . strachywitz ( bark ) cooler ! hilt turm away , under guard , recover he baseball mitt and bell from goff and head off toward the cooler . strachwitz turn to ive . point at he . strachwitz cooler . . ' ive go off after hilt follow by two sentries . the other watch strachwitz cautiously . strachwitz look they over balefully . merivale , who have observe ali this with professional interest , move to goff . merivale who be that chap ? goff : Virgil hilt , from nebraska the cooler King . merivale I beg you pardon ? goff ( after a pause ) in we last camp , Virgil logge more time in the cooler than all the rest put together . 49 oc 50 51 52 near cooler - hilt and ives 4g march forward under guard into the cooler . '' int . cooler - day corridor : ; 50 detention cell lead off the long corridor . bar tiny door window . cell - hilt 51 as he enter the tiny cement cell . the door slam shut . footstep , another cell door clang shut as ive too be put into solitary . hilt jump , catch he finger - on the ledge of the high single small bar window , and chin himself up for a look . then he drop to the floor again , where he pace about furiously . finally to cool himself off , he stretch out on the floor where he methodically begin do push-up . ext . compound - day macdonald 52 stands near a hut . with he be Danny , Willie , Ashley - Pitt , merivale and sedgwick . the Camp be quiet . hendlev arrive , pass the tool he have steal to sedgwick . . hendley ' add this to you collection . . _ macdonald . - ( aimost to himself ) quite a first twenty minute , zi must say . willie I would say we make fool of ourselves . - Danny , watch strachwitz , speak in he soft , intense , i voice , danny as the coerfeldwebel say , this be only the first day . hendley he sure plan to separate the man from the boy . c7 53 54 55 ext , headquarters - day a stasf car oe 53 approach the headquarters Building . kuhn , a high rank gestapo civilian get out of the front seat . he be soft speak , polite , dangerous . two ss guard - kuhn 's constant body guard - get out of the back seat with a man in batter raf uniform between they . this be squadron leader cyril bartlett - a big blonde man with broad shoulder and cold intense eye . he be handcuff . kuhn lead the way to the headquarters Building . ext . compound ~- day at hut 54 macdonald , hendley and the other watch . macdonald ( softly ) eric. ashley - pitt yes . I will tell ramsey . he exit . macdonald speak quitely to the other man . macdonald . let 's not tip who it be to the '' goons . pass the word . they move away in apparent disinterest . ext . headquarters build - day captain posen : 55 come out nervously to greet kuhn . posen gute morgen , herr kuhn . he exchange salute - also with the ss man - see bartlett , react . posen er ist bartlett , nicht wahr ? ich habe gehort das er ... kuen you might as well speak English . he understand german perfectiy . where be von luger ? ( continued ) wo o 55 56 57 19 . continued : 55 with increase nervousness , posen lead the way . obseqicusiy hold the door open for they . bartiett be shove into the building . int . ramsey's room ~- day ramsey 56 tiredly put he foot on a stool in the tiny room , study great list of typewritten name . there be only one bunk in the room which would normally house four . - Rough furniture . teapot and cup . a excited knock and Ashley - Pitt hurry in . ashley -pitt ( breathe hard from run ) Excuse I , sir . some of the char think they spot cyril be take into hq . ramsey ( then quickly ) better take precaution . ashley-pitt wheat ? we have , sir . ramsey bring he here . soon as possible . — ashley -pitt ( exit ) yes sir . int . von luger' office - day full shot 57 the door open without a imock and kuhn enter with bartlett and the ss officer , posen bleakly behind . kuhn ( salute ) Heil Hitler . von luger return the salute but there be a edge to he manner and he distaste be thinly veile . ( continued ) o von iuger form . von luger 20 . 57 kuhn ( continue ; pass over papers the prisoner , bartlett , be discharge into you custody , coloriel von luger . hold onto he temper , and sign the necessary kuhn . ( put down key to handcuffs on the desk ) I suggest this prisoner be keep under the close security confinement . permanently . von luger ( to posen , snap ) make a note of herr kuhn 's " suggestion " . look at the key . posen unlock the handcuffs . posen ja , herr Colonel . - kuhn ( softly ) ' we have reason to believe he : . be the leader of numerous criminal escape attempt . von luger ( after pause ) squadron leader bartlett have be ... ( refer to file ) | ++. three month in you care '' | and the gestapo have only : | " peason to believe " ? kuhn ( gently ) if he fall into we hand once more , he will not be s0 tucky . von luger hard ) escape Air Force officer be the responsibility . of the luftwaffe , not the gestapo . ( continued ) ~ 57 20a . continued : ( 2 ) 57 kuhn at present , yes , herr Colonel . that be why he be return to you care . a silence , then in dismassal , von luger nod to posen . ' von luger put he in the camp . bartlett and posen and a guard exit . kuhn 's two ss man remain . kuen ( soft smile ) of course , if the luftwaffe be not up to the task they wiil find themselves totally in we charge . we , regretfully , be not so professionally understanding . ( get you ) Heil Hitler : ( continued ) 57 58 59 60 61 , 2l.° continuld : ( 3 ) 57 he exit . von luger stare after he . ' dissolve to : ext . compound - day MAIN gate - group of pow be 58 among they , Danny , Ashley - Pitt ... : teeir Pov . 59 bartlett wearily approach under heavy guard . strachwitz watch . the group 60 make no reaction . some turn away . some watch casually . as bartlett approach closer Ashley - Pitt react to he gauntness . he come through the gate , Ashley - Pitt wander up . ashley -pitt ( casually ) hello , cyril . you will be in 104 - I will show you . '' bartlett ( as casually ) thanks . : : they exit . strachwitz stare after they ... int . ramsey 's. room - day ramsey 61 wait anxiously . a imock . ramsey come in . bartlett enter , Ashley - Pitt smile - leave the two man alone . bartlett hello , sir . ramsey hello , cyril . ( continued ) 22 . 61 continued : 61 o ) between they there be enormous camarderie , enormous no respect . but hold right down . ramsey look like you have have a rough time . bartlett the gestapo want to find out who help I to the border . God ! I have only a hundred yard to go . ramsey _ ( after pause ) the fellow want to put up a welcome committee , that 's for later . lot of you old . friend here , bartlett ( hardly listen ) ch? who ? ramsey Danny velinski ... willy dix ... ofs Ashley - Pitt ... the artful dodger ... os . bartlett - : Old merivale ? have not he make it yet ? / : ramsey not yet . bartlett i ( lock around the camp ) how long have you be here ? a . . ramsey arrive today . New camp . expert guard . the elite . he turn back to the teapot , pour . from time to time he glance perturb at bartlett who sit stare into space , lose in think . ramsey here . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 61 bartlett ( drink ) my God , that 's good . that 's so good . ( beat ) Christ ! we will never get out of this bloody . camp . ramsey ( after pause ) last of the tea until the Red Cross package get through again . I scrounge this from sedgwick . bartlett be he here too ? ramsey - ( laugh } all the " rotten " egg as von luger call we . ( beat ) they have clean out ali the camp and cumped we here . bartlett stare at he suddenly alert . ramsey be concerned . a what 's the matter ? bartlett ( after pause ) what about Tommy bristol ? ramsey no . he 's not here yet . but there 's a american call hendley . he 's suppose to be twice as good a thief and blackmailer as ... ( beat ) vhy ? bartlett do not you see ? unknowingly the goons have put together the finest escape team in history . ( continued ) o ramsey they know what they be do , cyril . have you see the double wire ? the tower ? triple guard ? tunnell 's out - the soil 's too sandy . they have think of everything . they have even strachwitz in charge of the ferret . bartlett isaw he . he 's very efficient . ( beat ) I be call a meeting of " x " immediately . ramsey ( thoughtfully ) I think you should stay out of it , cyril . you be a mark man . cyril I be elect " Big X " . it 's my job . ramsey I mow . and you be the best shat 's ever be . but I think it 's time for a change . bartlett * ( beat ) do you think I be wire happy ? ramsey I think it would be a good thing for you to slack off . there 's plenty of time . bartlett not for I . ( pause ) I have a idea that the whole bloody Reich be go to regret the day they build this camp . ramsey . I must point out , cyril , that however unsatisfactory this camp be - or will be - we be still in the hand of the luftwaffe - not the gestapo . ( more ) ( continued ) 24 , 61 o 61 €2 continued : ( 4 ) 61 . ramsey ( cont 'd ) ( crisply ) the " X " organization be form to assist escape - by team effort - not to wage @ private war . bartlett I want to fight the war , sir . the way I know best . I be not wire happy . yet . when I be , I will tell you . you can trust I , sir . a long vause , ramsey all right . dissolve to : int . library - night group shot $ 2 ramsey , merivale , Danny , Willie , macdonald , Ashley - Pitt , sedgwick , griffith , cavendish , and hendley and bartlett . bartlett ( get up - smile ) . well , sir , I think we be all . interested in von luger 's " policy " . i think we should follow he instruction carefully . : ( to the other ) yetre go to devote we energy to gardening , sport , cultural pursuit . we put the : goons to sleep . meantthile " xx " mo go into operation immediately . ( begin pace ) we be go to make some change -- particularly in pelicy . as and from today there be go to be no more blitz - out , no lone man operation . they have lock we up in a special prison - so we be go to have a special plan . a big one . ( pause ) we be go to tunnel ... ( continued ) 26 . oq 62 continued : 62 danny no good , cyril . swil 's too sandy . bartlett we will sink a shaft thirty foot deep , then tunnel out horizontally . theat should get we under the sand , avoid the goon probing , and avoid sound detector . ( deat ) the first tunnel will go out of ' Hut 105 , directly east , under the wire and under the cooler to the safety of the tree . there be a silence . then : willie but that 's over three hundred foot . bartlett ( calmly to cavendish ) what 's the actual figure , Dennis ? : _ cavendish Three hundred and thirty - five ' foot . . a : willie after pause ) you say " first tunnel " , cyril ? bartlett yes . the second go north from somewhere in here , and - . the third go south out of 104 . : ba ( beat ) code name , Tom , Dick and Harry . they all stare at he as though he be crazy . the door open and blythe come in . blythe sorry I be late . bartlett that 's all right , Colin . we be go to tunnel . o blythe good . . ( continued ) 27 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 macdonald ( to bartlett ) thet 's quite a undertake . bartlett I propose we involve the whole camp in some way or another . you will be in charge of security . you will have to devise the best security net ever . macdonald I - can imagine . ashley-pitt but where the hell be we go to hide the dirt ? that 's go to amount to about thirty ton . bartlett I would say it be nearer forty . . you be the dirt disposal expert , come up with a answer . sedgwick ( after pause - hesitantly ) why three tunnel ' Sir , all at. once . bartlett because we be ready for a really big job . and if they find one tunnel then we have still two spare . we be still organize . they look at each other , then once more macdonald break the silence . . macdonald how many man do you plan to take out ? bartlett two hundred and fifty . they stare at he , know that he 's crazy . bartlett start talk - he magnetism show . ( continued ) 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 macdonald ( to bartlett ) that 's quite a undertake . bartlett I propose we involve the whole camp in some way or another . you will be in charge of security . * you will have to devise the best security net ever . macdonald I can imagine . aseley-pitt but where the hell be we go to hide the dirt ? that 's go to amount to about thirty ton . bartlett I would say it be nearer forty . you be the dirt disposal expert , come up with a answer . sedgwick ( after pause - hesitantly ) why three tunnel sir , all at . . once . bartlett because we be ready for a really big job . and if they find one tunnel then we have still two spare . we be still organize . they look at each other , then once more macdonald break the silence . macdonald how many man do you plan to take out ? bartlett two hundred and fifty . they stare at he , kmeving that he 's crazy . bartlett : start talk - he magnetism show . i ( continued ) 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 macdonald ( to bartlett ) that 's quite a undertake . bartlett I propose we involve the whole camp in some way or another . you will be in charge of security . you will have to devise the best security net ever . . macdonald I can imagine . ashley ~pitt but where the hell be we go to hide the dirt ? that 's go to amount to about thirty ton . bartlett I would say it be nearer forty . you be the dirt disposal expert , come up with a answer . sedgwick ( after pause - hesitantly ) why three tunnel ' Sir , all at once . bartlett because we be ready for a really big job . and if they find one tunnel then we have still two spare . we be still organize . they look at each other , then once more macdonald break the silence . macdonald how many man do you plan to take out ? bartlett two hundred and fifty . they stare at he , imowing that he 's crazy . bartlett start talk - he magnetism show . ( continued ) 62 continued : ( 2 ) macdonald ( to bartlett ) that 's quite a undertake . bartlett I propose we involve the whole camp in some way or another . you will be in charge of security . you will have to devise the best security net ever . macdonald I can imagine . ashley-pitt but where the hell be we go to hide the dirt ? that 's go to amount to about thirty ton . bartlett I would say it be nearer forty . you be the dirt disposal expert , come up with a answer . sedgwick ( after pause - hesitantly ) why three tunnel ' Sir , ali at , once . bartlett because we be ready for a really big job . and if they find one tunnel then we have still two spare . we be still organize . they look at each other , then once more macdonald break the silence , macdonald how many man do you plan to take out ? bartlett two hundred and fifty . they stare at he , know that he 's crazy . bartlett start talk - he magnetism show . ( continued ) 28 . 62 continued : ( 3 ) . 6 o bartlett : it sound impossible , do not it ? but I imow we can do it . it only sound impossible . two year ago it would have be impossible . but now , now we be expert . now we have get the skill . ( beat ) and think - think what a smack in the bloody tooth it would be for the goons . Hitler would have a bioody heart attack - this be they number one security prison - that would make a few head fall . and think of the foul up -— the monumental foul up we would cause they . there be a dead silence . they look at each other , imesmer - ize . then , bartlett turn to griffith . bartlett you be head tailor . we will need over a hundred suit of clothes . will ( to cavendish ) o~ * two hundred end fifty map . . - ( to sedgwick ) you be head of manufacturing . _ two hundred and fifty compass . ' and iron ration for four day . ( to macdonald ) you be responsible for security . I have get to have a system of stooge cover the whole compound from front . to back , cover every goon in and out , and a signal system so perfect that if a ferret - get within a hundred foot of a hut : : where work be go on , we can close down without a sign . ( to hendley ) you be chief scrounger . you have get to get the material . whatever it be . and you team be also responsible for blackmail operation - I have get to have local train timetable , map information , etc . ( more ) ' ( continued ) o 62 63 64 continued : { 4 ) 62 bartlett ( cont 'd ) ( to Danny ) Danny , you will be in charge of trap and second to Willie who be as usual the tunnel King . you have to have you trap plan and ready for digging operation ain two week . we will pick location tomorrow . . ( he hesitates , then smile - to all of they ) two hundred and fifty of we be go to break out of here before winter . in dead silence : dissolve to : int . hut_107 - ntght corridor 63 hendley c-me down the corridor thoughtfully , turn into : hendley' room .- hendley . 64 enter . there be two bunk , table , chair . he notice with surprise that there be someone . else 's gear on the upper tun . he frown at it . the door open and Colin blythe s:ter . he ncarry ea hot teapot . . blythe oh , hello , hendley - I be Colin blythe . they put I in here think you might be able to help I with my work . he put the teapot down , ostentatiously put on its tea cozy , and begin meticulously to straighten he meager possession . hendley react as he see binocular . he pick they up , glance through they out of the window . blythe for bird . hendley ido a little hunt myself . : blythe ' not. hunt . watch . ( continued ) 30 . / 64 continued : 64 /o. hendley put down the glass , re-study blythe . . hendley oh. A. bird watcher ? blythe yes . watch they and draw they . be there bird watcher in the States ? ( beat ) I suppose not . ( beat ) fea ? hendley I only drank tea once - in @ hospital . blythe rcoise he eyebrow slightly , then busy himself pourin ; 4 cup of tea . blythe , I will need a camera . hendley a ( mock amazement ) od . only one ? blythe : one should do if it 's a good ~ one . a thirty - five millimeter f£ 2.8 single lens reflex with a focal plane shutter should suffice . hendley ( after a moment ) I will see what I can do . blythe and film , of course . hendley oh , of course . blythe pour the tea , observe its weak color , blythe I be afraid I have use this 's poor ' leave close to twenty time . ( taste - shake co he head ) CO but it 's nev that I mind so much . tea without milk be so uncivilize . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) blythe I could not have be more surprised if you would produce churchill . hendley you want he ? : blythe ( look at hendley , amaze ) of course not . danny I have get to have a bag of cement . hendley ( wearily ) only one ? danny : Three would be better . ' night . the door clese as softly as it open . hendley blythe - what be you do here ? blythe do not really know . it be my own silly fault . I be in photographic interpretation . went.for a joy ride to see for . myself . terrify . the aircraft buy it . get shot down . very poor show . hendley no , I mean , what do you do here ? . blythe oh , I be the forger . blythe sip he tea with great satisfaction . blythe splendid ! 31 . 64 hendley open he foct locker , produce a small can of condense milk . blythe take it . blythe poise the cup at he lip with great anticipation . there be a surreptitious knock . Danny come in . hendley stare 65 66 67 32 . ext . compound - night long shot . . 65 the long beam from the searchlight on the goon tover sweep the darken compound and hut as the hundfuehrer prowl with they dog . dissolve to : ext , compound _- day the whole camp - at appell 56 in rank , be count by ferret under strachwitz . samsey be in front of the rank - posen nearby . the final man be count . strachwitz take the tally to fosen who nod . posen ( to ramsey ) dismiss ! ramsey dismiss : the man stream away to begin the new day . a detail : : . 67 begin draw gardening : tool . danriy and hendley be watch . : danny ( sourly ) I could certainly use one of that . hendley ( slight smile ) now you know the rule , Danny . garden tool be only for gardening . ( peat ) relax . use what you have get . merivale come up . merivale you be toth want in 105 . : hendley ( wearily ) no peace for the godly . they exit . 68 69 70 33. near the front huu' - the stooge 68 take up var -.ous position strategically choose so that they can see one another . hendley and Danny cross to 105 as : : near the front gate - sorren 69 the duty " pilot " establish himself where he can watch headquarters , and another duty stooge sit down by a small incinerztor next to which there be a coal scuttle and a old rel Cross box . he be in - clear view of the man near the gate as well as the other around the hut . the man at the gate look the whole headquarters area over care - fully , then surreptitiously signal the man at the incin - erator who place the Red Cross box to the leave of the incinerator and lean the coal scuttle against it . this signal be relay to a man sit at Hut 105 , he pull a string beside he that lead into the hut . int . hut 105 - day sitting room - danny and hendley 70 enter to join bartlett , Ashley - Pitt ( the lookout at the window ) , and a few other . the small tin can fill with pecsle , hang om a string , rattles the " all clear " . then Danny move the stove away from its tile base . he carefully lift the base - which now be fitte to a camouflege hinge frame - reveal the foundation make out of cement break rubble . '' . bartlett pretty good so far . danny we will keep a fire in the stove so the goons will not feel inclined to move it . ( beat ) I will have to have some new tile . a couple be chip 's -- we can not take chance . hendley ( immediately ) there be scne in one thirteen 's wash room that would match perfectly . bartlett ( he indicate foundation to Danny ) that 's rather awkward . good . ( continued ) 70 7 72 continued : 34 , 70 danny ( grin ) not when you be organize . suddenly from outside come the SOUND of hammer , clatter . bartlett react ; go over to the window . ext . hut 105 - day diversionary hobby maker 71 be group around the hut , beat can end plate into alternate shape , come decorous , mostly useless . a ferret pass irritatecly , then leave ... int , hut 105 - day sitting rcom - danny 72 . take cut a piece of chalk , write 73 cn the undersice of the traz , stare down . over the hubbub from outside , grinly : danny now , you Black Beast ! this time I be go to do you . once and for all . he take the crude pickaxe adapt from a baseball bat and a steel spike , and start hack at the cement ' foundation . after pause , hendley turn to bartlett : hendley ( quietly ) why seventy - three ? bartlett this be the seventy - third - tunnel Danny 's start . : hendley how many get discover ? bartlett well , this one have not yet . hendley : ( quickly ) touch wood ! 73 74 75 76 77 35 . int . ccoler - day corridor " , 73 the ' camera shoot down the length of the narrow corridor towards the entrance door at the far end , rake along the doors.to the individual celis . the guard enter the door in the background with food pail . 1st guard ( with phoney joviality ) gute morgen , frustuk . pause } Breakfast : there be no response from the cell . the first guard open the lower trap and the second put a pail through it . then the two come dovm to the foreground ceil , pass the second pail through its trap door . without further word they march off towards the entrance door . in cell - ives 74 raise tiie lid of he pail and study the content with revulsicn . the entrance door be hear clanging shut . ive squnt down at the lower trapdoor , and reach out through it with he pail . ' in corridor 7 . 75 the pail be tip over and . the content dumped out . as they gurgle down into the drain , a pail emerge from the- far cell and its content be dumped out . in ives ' cell - ives 76 pace restlessly . over come a strange SOUND . a mad - dening , constant plin-plank - plonk -smack . ive look at the wall in exasperation , control himself , resume he 7 pace . : in hilt ' cell - hilt '' 7 be sit on the floor of the concrete wall cubicle play a complicated game of rebound with he ball and glove . he be extremely skillful with the various ricochet , which set up a reguiar rhythm . ( intercut - ives - hilt . they have to shout to be hear . ) ives hilt : ( continued ) ' oo o tt continued : hilt yeah . ives ( make conversation ) what do you do in the States ? play basebali ? hilt nope . go to college . do do a little motorcycle riding . ives ( interest ) professional ? hilt dirt track at County fair . TI pick up a buck here and there . helped pay my tuition . ives what be you study ? physical Education ? eilt ( react annoyed ) Chemical Engineering . es : ( react with dis ~ belief , then to hilt ) do a little riding myself . queenstowm , New Zealand . hilt motorcycle ? ives jockey . hilt huh ? 5 ives ( shouting ) jockey . dce not you have they in ie States ? horse racing . reason I be small enough to be @ tail gunner . hilt uh. ( continued ) 77 continued : 37 . ives gause ) that be the day . Saturday night in some of that out - country town . you have to fight the sheilas off . hilt huh ? ives sheilas . hilt huh ? '' ives ( shouting ) Girls , man , girl ! do not you have them in the States ? he commence pace again . the plink - plank -plonk -smack have come to a stop . ivr ( continue ; . after a moment ) hilt . * ( no answer ) hilt ? -. . ( sarcastically ) be you there , hilt ? hilt sit motionless , he eye glaze and far away . finally he speak as if the word have just be invent . gardener hilt Girls ! with a effort he snap himself back to reality . the have start work outside and the SOUND of they tool be hear . it be a faint sound , but it suddenly give hilt a think . hilt be you a tunnel man , ive ? ives ' sure . I would be the man up in front . like the bit on a augur . ' mate - I could really go through the dirt . ( pause ) hilt ! ~~ ( continued ) o 77 38 . continued : ( 3 ) 77 hilt jump up , chin himself on the ledge of the tiny window so that he can see out . the window face the wire and the wood beyond . hilt ( hang on the ledge , study ) ive , how much dirt could you go through , in say , eight hour ? ives oh , soft sandy dirt like here , maybe even twenty foot , but it 's not the digging , mate , it 's . the shoring up and get the dirt out . and most of ali , hide the dirt . hilt come out of hit reverie , nod he head briskly , drop to the flocr . . hilt how would you lilte to blitz out with I ? under the wire and go - overnight ? : ives . how do we do it ? _ basy ! hilt the entrance door open and the guard enter to pick up the breakfast container . they notice the content have be pour down the drain . 1st guard you do not like breakfast ? sorry . tonight at dinner we will have for you Weiner schnitzel with sauerbraten , beer from bavaria . and from westphalia = steinhager . hilt consider this for a moment . then -- hilt hey buddy . hear Hitler have upped he estimate of how long the war will last . ( continued ) o 77 78 79 80 81 39 . guard hilt so up yours . he recommence he rebound game . the guard stomp out . dissolve to : int , eut 104 - night barrack room - danny 78 be in a borrow bunk . other be sleep or half - asleep as the ferret lock the shutter . a stooge be at @ spy hole , cover . a wait . then : stooge all clear . immediately the team go into operation . Danny head for the end toilet - shower . haynes reach under he mattress and pull out . a shallow tray . in it be a neat Square of concrete . he test that it 's set , turn it out , make sure not to leave telltale mark on the blanket . shower -toizet - danny a " 79 be at the eighteen inch grate . - he jerk it out and step back es two other pow 's begin to empty the shallow drain with a crude pump into a bucket . barrack room - hayne 80 wearily begin to carry the cement flagstone down the length of the hut , hold it with small lug that have be sink into concrete . shower -toilet - danny 81 look down into the hole . it be about three foot deep and almost dry now . about eighteen inch up one side be a smail drein pipe . the opposite whole of the wall in this concrete " box " have be cut away and quite a sizeable amount of earth already remove . haynes come in with the slab and Danny get down into the hole and gently maneuver it into place . the fit be exact . now Danny smear soap and cement paste down the crack . o 82 83 84 85 86 almost hes a fit when he see the pump but he hide he ext . compound - night searchlight 82 sweep the bleak area . Soft pad footstep run . a swarm of soldier and ferret converge on 105 . int . barracks 104 stooge / 83 give the warning whistle . immediate coverup procedure . toilet - shower - danny 84 swear as he slam out of the hole , rip off he clothes . another man throw the pail of water down the hole , another slam the grate into place . Danny turn on the shower . the door . 85 jerk open . Kramer enter . kramer ' raus ... ' raus ... the pow 's start cursing , delay tactic . haynes be not quick enough with the pump . Kramer grab it . kramer - what be this , hein ? ( no answer ) then we will find out . ' other guard start get the man out of the hut as Kramer still carry the pump , head for the toilet - shower . toilet -shower - danny 86 - concern , kramer out ! you would better get warm clothes . you might be outside all night ! Kramer be in no mood for backchat , so Danny move back into barrack . Kramer look around grimly , look at the pump , then at the floor . o 87 88 41 . the guard 87 and ferret start tear the place apart . one find the cement tray . another a cold chisel . dissolve to : int . von luger' office - day the pump , tray , cold chisel 88 be on von luger 's desk . ramsey , von luger , posen , strachwitz be look at the thing . von . luger why should we > land this thing in 104 ? ramsey I have , no idea , von luger come , now Group Captain . the chisel be to cut through cement , the tray be to cast a false slab . to cover a tunnel , no ? ramsey it 's possible . : von luger but why this ? be it . to suck dn or to blow out ? | ramsey ( pick it up ) I have no idea . von luger ( snap to strachwitz ) test every cement floor in the camp . trachwitz salute , hurry out . von luger I be sorry . you may be uncomfortable , for a week or so . ramsey vhat 's a week or two , amongst friend , Colonel ? will that be all ? ( continued ) @ 88 89 90 91 4a , continved : 88 von luger nod , return ramsey 's salute . posen ( to ramsey ) perhaps we find they before they have a chance to be use . von luger ( grate to posen ) it will be you job to find out ! cur to : ext . compound - day near the vorlager gate 89 hilt and ive have be release from the cooler and the two guard admit they into the compound . Men with a purpose , they head straight for the outdoor kitchen which be desert this time of day . after look about cautiously to make sure they be not observe , hilt snake out a long steel poker use to fire the big stove ; ive in turn find two small tin saucepan with handle , shove they under the jacket and the two off , hilt hold . the poker tight . against he close on a stooge . 90 who , unnotice by hilt and ive , have observe this thievery . he be puzzle . dissolve to : int . hut 106 - night sitting room - ramsey 91 sit in a chair smoking he pipe . around he be bartlett , macdonald and merivale . this group be obviously consider - ing some rather serious problem . macdonald ( break silence - to bartlett ) I would vote no . we have put the goons to sleep exactly as you Said . but just one little thing - like this = and we be up the creek without a paddle . ( continued ) 43 . 91 continued : 91 ( o the door open . hilt and ive enter . ramsey good evening , ive . ives you want we , sir ? even , hilt . hilt even , sir . ramsey make introduction . ive know the man present . hilt do not . ramsey Captain hilt - squadron leader bartlett , Major merivale and Flight Lt. macdonald . '' there be murmured response . ramsey ( to hilt and ive ) ~o it down , will not you ? ive remain stand but hilt warily take a chair . ramsey : ( to hilt ) we understand you and ive be contemplate @ " blitz - out " hilt ( mildly ) where do you hear that ? | . bartlett ( smile ) it 's macdonald 's business to kmow everything that go on . hilt ( look macdonald over with interest ) that a fact ! bartlett we think you might talk it over . ( od ( continued ) 91 continued : ( 2 ) 92 '' . hilt why ? it 's only a two man job . ramsey ( after a moment ) you be suppose to clear all escape attempt in advance with squadron leader bartlett . we do not want to interfere - just to help . what type of blitz do you contemplate ? hilt think this over , then as he warm to he subject . hilt we snake out at night to a spot I find near the wire . a blind spot . ( with gesture ) first we dig straight down three foot - spread the dirt around so it will not make a pile = then go straight out . ( he pause - all hang on he word ) a ive dig in front , pass the es dirt back to I . I stash it . : in ' back . ( illustrate with another gesture ) we go right through 's the earth like a couple of mole . by dawn we be under the wire - and go . there be a long pause as all sit in stunne silence . bartlett break the reverie . - bartlett . when do you intend to try this ? hilt ( the obvious - to he ) tonight . there be a reaction to this . macdonald look at bartlett . ramsey ( tentatively ) '' hilt , this may not be quite the right time for this sort ' C ) of thing . ( continued ) ' o o we , 91 continued : ( 3 ) 91 . ives ( quick , emotional , desperate ) leok sir , I have be in the bag for three year now , sir , and I be bloody ciose to be wire happy . it 's a biitz - out for I or forget it . it will work . I know it will . ramsey look at bartiett , after a pause , nod . bartlett ( think , then nod , too ) good luck . hilt and ive start for the door . as they reach it merivale buttonnole hilt . merivale one thing , laddie - how do you preathe ? hilt we get a steel rod . we shove it up . through the ground and make air hole as we go along . merivaie 's eye pop as hilt nod pleasantly and be ' go . merivale why do not I think of that one ? it 's so stupid , it 's positively brilliant ! macdonald . . it will bring every goon in the - camp down on we . : bartlett perhaps - but perhaps we be be too clever . we have stop the blitz-out . the goons may think we be tunneling . this blitz - out will be a very good red herring . then , hilt 1s a american and ido not feel we can claim any real jurisdiction over he , and last ... ramsey ( cut in ) you be eat up by curiosity to see if it will work . dissolve to : : | @ g2 93 9h 95 96 ot 98 99 100 46 . ext . compound - night the searchlight . 92 flood the compound , trace pattérn throughout the darkness . a window : 93 eye be peer out . face 4 press to chink in the wall . int . hut - night group of pow be os set up chair for a better view through the slat of window . sedgwick 96 set up a " book " on " if they make it - if they do not " . hendley and blythe 97 be peer chrowgh they window . hendley have the binocular . hendley _ ( almost to himself ) well , come on . if you be go 's to do it , do it ! bartlett and ramsey 98 watch and wait patiently . other 99 wd be impatient . Willie and Danny hardly hold they | excitement . hy ext . compound - int . hut - night ( the follow sequence be play in a series of cut and dissolves between the digger and the silentiy watch man . full shot . 100 the night activity have start . the goon tower guard continuously rake the compound with they searchlight and the hundsfeuhrers and they dog be on they regular patrol . the light in the prisoner ' hut be all out . 47 . 101 close shot 101 , o hilt and ive skuttle out from the shadow of a hut and , silently move to a spot near the fence . kneel , they begin digging with control speed and a minimum of noise . 102 in the hut : 102 bartlett , ramsey , macdonald , merivale have take up vantage point overlook the section where hilt and + ive be work . macdonald and merivale be at one window ; bartlett and ramsey at another . 103 at the fence 103 hilt and ive dig the three - feet-straight - down hole . the searchlight sweeping the compound just miss the digging spot time efter time . finally ive disappear — into the hole . then hilt . hilt ' hand appear , smooth out the remain dirt pile around the edge , then disappear . 104 in the hut . 104 as time pass , bartlett return with tea for himself and ramsey , start to hand the cup to ramsey - freeze as he lock off . : '' oo . 105 . at the fence 105 a short distance beyond the hole , the steel rod push up through the ground , maneuver up and down for a few . second to clear a hole , and then be withdraw . 106 in the hut : 106 bartlett in he preoccupation spill tea on ramsey 's coat . absently wipe it clean as he and ramsey watch . ( we follow the progress of the digging , cut from the i watch face of the man in the hut to the rise of the sy rod through the ground at regular interval as the mole - 4 tunnel move forward , to unconcern sentries and patrol - ing guard . finally it be under the fence and make progress towards the wood . as the night grow colder the man notice that a plume of vapor be beginning to rise from the furthest breathe hole . the searchlight sweep , unconcern . ) 107 in the hut 107 the man react in dismay as a hundsfuehrer and he dog approach on they patrol inside the wire . o ~ 108 109 210 iil il2 113 114 115 48. near the fence 108 the hundsfeuhrer 's dog become aware of the vapor from the hole beyond the fence . he whimper and begin to edge in that direction . the hundsfeuhrer , who be half asleep as he trudge along , jerk he back with a muttere exclamation . the dog pull again in the direction of hole . in the hut - merivale 109 disappear from he spot at the window and in a moment , appear - outside the hut - merivale 110 move along beside it in the shadow until he be close to the hundsfeuhrer and he dog . he have improvise @ sling shot with a thick rubber band , use thumb and forefinger of he leave hand for the brace . he let go @ stone which nail the dog in the rear . at the fence - the dog 111 leap in the air yelping from the impact . the hundsfeuhrer be startle and angry . : hundsfeuhrer ( jerk the dog ) be zum teufel ist los mit dir ? komm schon ! he lead the dog away roughly . : . in the hut - the watcher : - 1212 in the window , relax . dissolve to : ext . compound ~ int . hut - day ( dawn ) - 4 goon tower , fence and building . 112 it be almost dawn . a definite lighten can be see in the sky . : : in the hut - the watcher 114 wait , tense , aware that time be run out . | outside the fence , 115 the first Light of the morning sun move across the ground , the steel rod appear again , maneuver , be with - draw . by now it be move very feebly and the breathe hole be still far short of the wood . 116 117 4o. close 11 € this be the first time we have see ive and hilt in the tunnel . they be barely visible , illuminate only by the light come down through the air vent . they be in a bad way ; sweat and breathe in gasp . ive scoops wearily with saucepan , pass the dirt back to hilt . hilt make a attempt to put the dirt behind he , can not . he -sag wearily . ives ( hoarsely ) what 's up , yank ? . : hilt we be box in . ives what ? hilt ( attempt explanation ) I - uh - well - uh - ( break off , gesture futilely ) with a torturous effort ive spiral he head around so he can look back . the camera move . to follow he look . hilt be fold up like a jackknife with he . kmee up under he chin against he chest . he be completely surround with dirt which have close in behind he . ive take some time to grasp what have happen , then : ives ( desperately ) but look here , yank . what aid you do when you try this before ? hilt ( shrug - hopelessly ) this be my first time . ive show horror . dissolve to : ext . compound - int . hut - day top of goon tower - a guard 117 look about absently , then catch something out of the corner of he eye in the direction of the wood , whirl and see something that make he eye bug in amaze unbelief . q 118 119 120 12 . 122 123 '' SOUND cf another cell door slamm shut . a moment then 50 . Pov - the ground 118 4 a small mound of earth be rise as if from the work of a gigantic mole . at the fence ~ near the tower 119 the goon tower guard yell . immediately there be shout from the other tower and all hell break loose in the camp with a warning siren go , guard run , ete . the mound of earth break open and hilt climb out slowly . guard ( burp gun sighted on hilt ) stehen bleiben ! oder ich schiesse . as other guard aim they burp gun . through the fence , hilt help ive from the hole . Guards be run towards the two man from outside the fenee . ive begin to tremble violently , almost panic and make a move as if to run for the cover of the wood . hilt grab he , hold he . : in the hut 1ec ramsey , bartlett and macdonald watch in letdown dismay . merivale turn away from the window and slam he tea cup into the sink - smash it . full shot . , . , 121 Guards head by strachwitz converge on hilt and ' ive , dissolve to : int . cooler - day : ; ives ' cell : 122 - this cell door open , ive be shove inside , the door clang shut , footstep and gutteral cursing patter away . ive look around the cell , abject in panic , desperately try to control . hrilt ' cell - hilt 123 i hurl himself to the floor , begin grimly do push -up to work off the violence of he disappointment . dissolve to : o 124 125 51 . int . henduey' room - day hendley 124 look up 2s macdonald enter cheerily , put a large carton on the table , a checkboard under he arm . macdonald open the carton - it be full of goody . hendley examine they with grow astonishment - three jar of jam ( strawberry , currant , marmalade ) , american coffee , two can of biscuit , ten pack of assort cigarettes , six big bar of chocolate . hendley pick one up with religious awe . macdonald this completely clean out the gift food in the whole organization . reluctantly hendley put the chocolate back , open he foot locker , take out a big tin of denish butter , place it next to the box . hendley compliment of von luger . ( pleased with himself ) . it help liberate it . macdonaid pat the box 1 '' macdonald put ‘em to work . good luck . he exit . hendley hold one of the beautifully package ; chocolate bar . fights temptation , literally drocle . the door open . it be macdonald . - macdonald hendley , we know you intention - be honorable but the flesh be : weak . should you happen to liberate any of that stuff , there will be yankee part spread all over the compound . he exit . hendley sigh . ext . hendley' hut -. day macdonald : 125 come out . bartlett be wait for he . the two move along past the hut . . bartlett be study the camp . macdonald carry a clipboard . bartlett stop by a stooge . ( continued ) o 126 52 . 125 continue : 125 bartlett ( to. macdonald ) this man ea not properly see the stooge over there by the library , Sandy . macdonald ( make a note on he clipboard ) I will fix it . bartlett continue on he inspection of the camp from the " X " organization standpoint . int . barracks hut - day sedgwick and he manufacturers 126 this be sedgwick 's domain and here he and he manufacturer be quietly work . bartlett and macdonald enter . bartlett ( to sedgwick ) what 's hold up the air pump for " Tom " ? without it we have to dig with the trap open all the time . sedgwick ( unruffile ) patience be a virtue , cyril , old cobber ! he pick up a apparatus consist of barrack beg sewn together and cradle in a wooden case . sedgwick ( demonstrate ) we be wait to get at the valve . with this a full chorus of male voice from off scene strike up a Christmas Carol . voice ( strong ) it come upon a midnight clear , that glorious song of old . etc. , ete . macdonald ( startle ) what the devil ! ( continued ) 126 127 129 53. continued : , 126 he cross to a window , pull aside the curtain . sedgwick and he man shift the nature of they work . hacksaws , file and nammer come into play . ext . compound - day at side of barracks hut 127 macdonald can be seer look out the window . bartlett behind he . a considerable group of man be arrange in @ semi-circle around lassiter , the leader who conduct they as they sing . int . barracks Hut - day full shot 128 macdonald turn to bartlett over the tumult : bartlett give . sedgwick a hour morning and afternoon to hammer and pound . macdonald ( look off , frown ) be not that a pretty large group to be in the know ? . bartlett : : they be not . ramsey arbitraril assign they this spot . ( slight smile ) foor old lassiter complain bitterly about the " rude bloke " who. keer pound in here ! macdonald grin as bartlett turn away . ext . ' compound - day & seclude area next to hendley' hut 129 Werner stand listen to the choral singer and , nearby , hendley . stand speculatively watch Werner . reaching a decision , he join Werner . hendley good morning . werner good morning . ( continued ) 54 . 129 continued : 129 as the two listen to the sing , hendley take a ciga - rette from a pack , put it in he lip , pat he pocket for match . hendley Excuse I , do you have a light ? fishing out a lighter , Werner light it for he . hendley thanks . puff luxuriously , he exhales so that the smoke drift past Werner 's face . Werner sniff hungrily . hendley oh , I be sorry - would you like one ? after a brief , futile battle with duty , Werner glance about to make sure he 's unobserve and then take a cigarette from the pack and put it in he pocket . werner I will smoke it when I be off duty . thank you . hendley tuck two more in Werner 's pocket . hendley you must have roommate . ( look around ) beautiful day , be not it ? werner yes . but I think it might rain later . hendley oh , no . Red sky in the morning sailor take warning . . Red sky at night sailor 's delight . werner I never hear that . before . hendley I learn it in the Boy scout . werner you be a Boy scout ? so be ( continued ) oo 55 . 129 continued : ( 2 ) : 129 hendley no . werner but yes . I have nineteen merit badge . hendley I have twenty . werner I be work on my twentieth when the government abolish scout end send I into the Hitler youth instead . there be a pause . hendley tell , I , Werner ~ will you stay in the Army after the war ? werner ( shake he head ) no. I be not a well man . my tooth . hendley huh ? werner ya . we dentist here be a butcher . but do not tell any one I say so . hendley a soldier 's get a right to grumble . werner maybe in you army . here one little criticism and zzt ! the Russian front . hendley you do not say ! look , why do not we go into my room where we can . talk comfortably ? werner I would better not . if strachwitz should . see I -- ( continued ) 129 56 . continued : ( 3 ) 129 hendley I will make some coffee . Werner react , hendley Real coffee . he take Werner by the arm and they enter the hut . int . hendley' room - day hendley 230 enter , follow by Werner . he open he foot locker and search for the coffee . as he do so he lay various item of food on top of he trunk . Werner 's eye widen at the display of goody . as the bar of dutch chocolate appear he murmur involuntarily : werner ach du lieber . chocolate . hendley ( look up ) huh ? oh , here , have one . I can not eat it all . . torn between fear and . greed Werner put the chocolate in he pocket as hendley continue search . suddenly Werner stare appal . the can ef danish butter . shakily he pick it up . the can 4s stamp in german , " Officer : mess only " . werner ( appal ) von luger 's butter , gott in himmel ! ich bin ferucht ! hendley help yourself . you go the . . can ? werner gott in himmel , nein ! hendley why not ? we be friend . werner with you in the cooler , will we still be friend ? I mst report it . ( continued ) ss 130 131 132 : 57 . continued : 130 - ( put can down ) I do not understand you , Werner . report what ? that you and I chatted in my room ? Werner stare at he ~ start out - remember the chocolate . take it out and try to give it back . hendley stuff it back in Werner 's pocket , hold he from go . hendley what difference do a little _ chocolate make ? it be not half as much as you take when you clean out France . werner no ! no ! hendley suddenly give up . - hendley oh , all right , Werner . if you do not want it - forget it . werner I - must go ! he rush out . hendley blandly thumb through Werner 's pocketbook which he filch during the scuffle , put it in he nip pocket . then he see the chocolate . temptation . hurriedly he shove it and the other thing dack in the foot locker . int , library blythe 131 already have he team of forger hard at work . again there be ' stooge guard from window , etc . six man be bent . over papers carefully hand - lettering pass . blythe be bent over he desk oblivious as bartlett and macdonald enter , still inspect . close shot - paper 132 this be a gate pess , print in german . many seal and imprint . blythe finish make @ signature from a original . 133 134 2135 58 . another angle - blythe 133 pick you a rubber heel , turn it over . now we notice that the bottom . be carve into a stamp . delicately he put ink on the cast , imprint the paper . now the paper be stamp as the original . blythe study it ; bring the paper close to he eye . then , he curse : blythe for the love of God , Smith ! you have leave out a whole bloody eagle . : smithy impossible ! blythe you certainly have ! look ? ( sad ny examine it smithy oh shi ... blythe ( irritably ) that 's four day ' work up the blast spout : he rip the paper to piece . _ ext . library - day kramer ( a ferret ) . '' 134 be wander around aimlessly . then suddeniy - he dart for the library door jerk it open ... blythe 155 be at the blackboard . . blythe — - - geeture ) see +. and of course you will have the most difficulty with the set of the nycticorax 's wing ... ( continued ) 135 59 . continued : 135 bartlett and Mac and all the other be concentrate on the lecture . drawing material in front of they . as the lecture continue , hendley enter through another door , stop as he spot Kramer . blythe ( continue ) sit down , hendley . you will find sketching material on one of the table . ( continue to lecture ) observe carefully how long they be - here - in comparison with the wingset of the common purple heron . hendley head for the cnly available seat . near the door . kramer well , herr hendley , have you take to bird , too , now ? hendley why do not you . stick around and learn something , yourself ? Kramer listen a moment -- then exit . blythe continue he lecture for a few second , then two sharp rap on the window be hear . blythe immediately drop he lecture and cross to bartlett . the man in - the room put aside they pretense of bird study and get out they real wor ! blythe ( offer a document ) a urlaubchem . permission to eross a frontier . he hand bartlett a companion document . blythe ( continu which one be the forgery ? tne ) bartlett ( after a moment ) this one . right macdonald ent . ( continued ) 135 60 . contifued : ( 2 ) 135 blythe they be both forgeries . he put they back on the table . bartlett , impressed , pick the papers up again , study they . bartlett where do you get the typewriter ? blythe they be all hand - lettere . what 's really hold we up be a genuine travel permit . we have no idea what they look like . hendley . come forward . take out Werner 's pocket book . hendley here 's one . ( he lay it '' on the table ) and a military identity card , and - uh + macdonald ( gasp ) a auswel ! fermission.to be on Reich property . hendley and a ticket to odin . - a . military pay record . and -- ( read ) -- ferret assignment by day and hour for next week . during this blythe study the document hungrily , myopically hold the papers bare inch from he eye . this be not notice by bartlett . or macdonald who be look at hendley . blythe ( to himself ) splendid . simply splendid . bartlett ( to hendley ) you get ten out of ten for this , old boy . ( conzinued ) 135 136 137 61 . continued : ( 3 ) : 135 hendley thanks . macdonald ( indicatin , document where do you get they ? hendley they be on loan . dissolve to : int , shaft of " Tor " danny 136 stare at the virgin face of the thirty foot deep shaft . behind he be a small '' antechamber " and : crowded into the area be bartlett , Willie and sedgwick . Danny and Willie be almost naked and dirt cover . sedgwick have part of the air pump install - measure space . bartlett ( to sedgwick ) will you be able to fit it in ? : sedgwick my. bloody oath , cobber . bartlett ( after pause ) top priority . Danny stare at the face of the shaft , then start hack away . viciously . bartlett climb up the ladder into ... int . barracks - 105 - day macdonald 137 be wait for he . other be spread about the hut . a stooge guard from the window . bartlett ( brush dirt off ) so far so good . bartlett lead the way out , then as macdonald pass a window ... ( continued ) 62 . 137 continued : 137 lo : uh macdonald cyril ! bartlett follow he glance . 138 there Pov through the window 138 hilt and ive be leave the cooler , enter the compound . 139 bartlett and macdonald 139 they look at each other thoughtfuily . bartlett ( after pause ) might be a good idea to talk to they . macdonald I will fix it . tomorrow after appell . ( laugh ) nothing they can do tonight . dissolve to : of | ext , cook house - night 140 . full shot : . . 140 the cookhouse be desert . Beyond , searchlight sweep the whole area . a few wander ferret and guard - with leash dog . suddenly a ghost~like shadow . a match be 14t surreptitiously . then the match be toss into a pan . the dimly see figure evaporate . abruptly the pan of fat catch fire - almost explode . flame begin to lick the structure ... 142 a goon tower guard 142 stare off - give alarm ... 142 full shot - guard , 14e stream cookhousewards to put out the fire ... . 143 FIRE alarm 143 begin howling . 144 full ' shot guardhouse - guard 144 oo open the main gate , come through on the double . 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 63 . int . barracks - night pow's 145 fight out of .half - sleep , pour out ... bartlett 146 . in he room hurriedly hide secret papers in a secret wall safe , hurry out . ramsey , 147 come out of he room cursing ... int . " tom " - night digger 148 anxicusly stop ehesr work , begin to hurry out of the tunnel and shaft . ext , compound - night full shot - pow's and guard 149 begin to form a line from the fire pool to the fire ... the cookhouse 150 be burn nicely ... '' near barracks . ' . 151 hilt and ive come charge around the corner , skid to a stop , look off ... there Pov ~ german guard 152 cover this route ... oe hilt and ives . 153 reverse , head around the barrack , seek another route . guard 154 pour across the compound , jerk open door , get the pow 's out to help fight the blaze ... int . hut 105 - night digger 155 be climb out of " Tom " panicked ... 64 . 156 on hut 105 door - kramer 156 ' cy a ferret open it ... : 157 . hendley 157 appal , hurl himself at Kramer , barrel he down to cover for the last man come out of " Tom " , and in the general uproar and scuffle , the trap be slam into place and the stove replace ... . hendley ( cover | Kramer 's view of " Tom " with he body ) terribly sorry , just try to get to the fire . hey , come on - FIRE ! come on ! immediately they all start block the door , shove push , cover for the digger as , frighten to death , they fight into they clothes cover they pend stain longjohn and other brush away the tell - tale sand ... int , 104 - night 158 toilet - shower - danny : 158 . desperately clean up from the " seal operation " , , - replace the grill . shout ... . strachwitz's - voice ' heraus ! feur ! * . ( shouting ) stop this nonsense and help fight the fire . 159 strachwitz 159 box in near the door as pow 's cover he view i of the coverup operation ... 7g exd . compound - night 160 another barrack - hilt and ives 160 race around the corner , duck under the lee , stare off , then charge for the open gate 161 near gate - another detail of guard 161 pour through the gate and the gate be slam with finality . hilt and ive almost barrel they over , then io in the melee , shake they head disgustedly , head over o towards the Fire line . 162 164 165 65 . near cookhouse - hilt 162 calmly go up to the fire , start kick it out as other toss water , dousing it . Werner amongst the guard . soon the fire be under control in the shouting melee ... bartlett . 163 is. cover with grime . with macdonald , Ashley - Pitt ' look off irritatedly ... ashley - pitt that stupid cook . clot , that 's what they be ! stupid eareless clot ! macdonald ve nearly lose the lot tonight . bartlett be look at : hilt and ives 164 | be help to put out the last . ember . hilt go for a last bucket of water . bartlett 165 as he move over to join hilt . ' bartlett . ( casually ) .° . I think by this time you and ive would be over the hill and into the wild blue yonder . what go wrong ? hilt crashed right into twenty goons . bartlett ( after pause ) twenty goons nearly crash right into Tom , Dick and Harry . hilt I be sorry about that . I do not know you be work night . bartlett yes , and day . he look at hilt for a moment . ( continued ) oq ) 165 continued : bartlett do you ever read the Bible , hilt ? hilt yeah . I have . bartlett there 's a verse in | ecclesiasticus - " there be one that laboureth and taketh pain , and maketh haste , and be 80 much the more behind " . hilt smile faintly . bartlett ( continue ) the Bible also say : '' take counsel with thine enemy , make they thy friend . '' hilt ( consider ) hm . ( then , quote ) " every counsellor extolleth ; but there be some that counselleth for himself . beware of a counsellor and know before what need he hath , lest he counsel for himself and cast he lot upon thee . and -- uh -- clobber thee . " ( grin ) that 's ecclesiasticus , too . ( laugh ) I do not finish my quote . it go -- '' take counsel with thine enemy , make they thy friend . for the common good . " hilt what have you get in mind ? ( continued ) 66 , 165 66a . 165 continued : ( 2 ) . : 165 oc ) . bartlett forget this insane blitzes and go out with all the rest of we in the tunnel . we can use you energy . hilt ( grin ) it 's a deal . dissolve to : ext . hendley' hut - night 165a werner : 165a part of the fire fight detail , brushes dirt off he uniform . then be sure he be not observe , run up the step of hendley 's hut . : int . hesdley' room - night 166 hendley 166 have just come into the room . be brush off he '' clothes . blythe be lie in he bunk . the door burst «~ open , and Werner rush in . distraught . ( continued ) 67 . 166 continued : 166 he stop werner herr hendley , I -- as he see blythe . ( affably ) hello , Werner . oh , biythe 's a friend , too . ( look Werner over ) what 's the matter ? werner ( voice low and tremulous ) my wallet . my papers . my identity card . go , I lose they . everything ! hendley that 's terrible , Werner , terrible . ( to blythe ) do you have any idea , Colin , what would happen to Werner if strachwitz find this out ? _. ( look at Werner ) Zzzt !. Eastern Front ... : werner I have look every place . '' Eve 's place . I must have lose they -- ( lower he voice ) '' -- while I be in here . hendley no ! Werner nod . ' he be tremble . hendley . ( continue ) relax , Werner . I tell you we be buddy . we will find they if we have to tear this room apart . Werner move forward to help search . werner . oh , thank you , herr hendley . ( continued ) 68. 166 continued : ( 2 ) 166 { '' : hendley ( check he ) might look a little peculiar for you and I to be probing around this time of night . leave it to I , werner ' ( back out ) thank you . hendley forget it . ( as Werner be almost go ) of course , there be one small favor . ( werner. stop ) A. camera . Werner become absolutely rigid with fear . his lip move , but no sound come out . . hendley ( continue ) ; ( precisely ) ; thirty - five millimeter two . —) point eight single lens reflex with plane shutter . - blythe focal plane shutter . a spastic twitch appear on Werner 's right cheek . hendley it 's a focal plane shutter , Werner . '' det I know when you have get it . : - the voice of guard close up the barrack be hear . Werner start to speal : . can not. Totters. out . hendley ( continue ) crazy mix up kid , that Werner . . ( settling in he bunk ) ' but I like he . dissolve to : '' 167 168 i '' ) 169 69 . int , shaft anterogn and " Tom " tunnel - day bartlett 167 come down the ladder to the anteroom . Willie be digging the face of the tunnel , a distance of some thirty foot . then Danny push the dirt cart ahead of he . bartlett watch . sedgwick be still install the air pump . bartlett we be behind schedule , cobber . sedgwick we will make better time now . at the face 168 willic dig and fill the cart . Danny pull it back to tne anteroom . suddenly without warning the whole work collapse on Willie and he be bury in the fall of sand . rtlett Danny ! bare tunnel 169 Danny turn , shoot forward to the face . just Willie 's " foot and ankle be show . with one tremendous heave denny pull he out , sit he against the side of the tunnel . danny Willie , be you all right , boy ? Willie ! Willie 's face be cover with sand and sweat . he - spit out a mouthful ef dirt , come back into the : anteroom . willie ( to bartlett ) | it 's no good , cyril . we be go : to have to shore up the whole | bloody thing . every inch of the ' way . same with " Dick " and '' Harry '' . ' danny with what ? bartlett ( calmly ) - I will put hendley on to it . and a new man we acquire last night . o 170 171 172 173 70 . ind . library - night hendley 170 supervise as all the board behind the bookcase be stripre off the wall , the fill bookcase sly back to cover the bare space . a hatch to the attic be open . hendley call into it . . khendley any luck up there ? voice we be take out one in three . a rafter come down out of the hole . int . barracks - Day cavendish . 171 enter wearily . he pause by he bunk ( the top of a three tierer ) then , as always like a prima ballet dancer , he launch himself to he bed , flatten as before , but this time he and the mattress crash through the bunk the the floor . he lie there momentarily more shocked than stunne . look you at the split bedboard in the bunk , half of which be miss . across the aisle Ashley - Pitt look up from he book , heSitates then go back to he book . : ashley - pitt * youtre terribly impetuous , cavendish . . int . next barracks - night hilt 172 be load down with bedboard . whistles happily . ee take every other one from the bunk . dissolve : int . tunnel " tov " - Day at the face ( shoot back ) 173 4 dirt disposal man be fill the hoist bucket . beside he , sedgwick supervise a man pump air . near the face , hilt be hand another bedboard to Willie whc happily set it into place . perfect fit . willie Lovely , just lovely . dissolve to : od be 174 175 176 177 tl. int , hut 104 - day ashley - pitt 174 and dirt disposal man be lcoke down the shaft . voice come up . the hoist rise with a load of dirt . as it be be place in the carry bag -- ext . compound - day at the gardening area 175 the man ere busy digging up they plot . hilt appear push a wheelbarrow of dirt . he dump it in ramsey 's plot . hilt compliment of the house , sir . ramsey thank you , hilt . anytime . hilt begin to turn - look off , react . hilt Sir ! at front gate | : 176 von luger appear from the headquarters building and ° start across the road head for the main gate of the compound . he be accompany by posen and strachwitz who carry a clipboard , and be follow by four security guard who have be wait . the gate swing open . the stooge system relay warning . sorren be the " luty Pilot " . int , hut 105 ~ Day the tin can 177 rattles . move like lighten , Willie , Danny and other digser pour out of the shaft , slap the scnd off thir longjohn and , as the trap be close , jump into they regular clothing like firemen . other clean away the smallest grain of sand . ‘— 178 179 72 . ext . compound _- day by hut 105 178 the dirt dispospr cover they work and separate as the word " goons " be pass along . at the garden 179 Ashley - Pitt amble up to ramsey who be work he plot . hilt be rake he " new " earth into the plot . von luger and he entourage approach studiously ignore they presence , move past they . von luger stop , look off at a tower guard . there be something about the condition of he machine gun . von luger ( to posen ) hauptmann posen , die wache nat de minutionstrtel nicht im machinengewehr . posen ( call to man ) minutionstirtel nicht im machinengewehr !! as the tower guard comply , posen speak to strachwitz . posen ( continue ) . be sie de namen ? . stracewitz klausner . strachwitz make a note on he clipboard as von luger furn toward the gardener , some of whom have pause oo watch . von luger please , gentleman . continue . this be merely a routine insepetion . turn to ramsey , who be right next to he , he speak as if he have just see he . there be a subtie difference in von luger 's manner . although he be cooly polite there seem to be a ambiguous tone to all he say . von luger ( continue ) I must say I be surprised with all this activity , Group Captain . please , of course , but surprised . ( continued ) io 179 180 continued : 179 ramsey surprise , Colonel ? von luger flier be gentleman , not peasant to dig in the earth . so I be surprised . ramsey tne English be very keen on gardening . von luger ( after a look at hilt ) yes. but ... flower . be it not so ? ramsey but you can not eat flower : sy Colonel . von luger 's face be impassive . there be a long beat . von luger a good point . . another beat then begin to exit . he stop near hilt . von luger ( contdnue ) Fresh soil , hilt ? hilt ( immediately ) yes sir . from the other side of the compound . racish grow better in sandy soil . von luger . ah , of course . 1 he turn away end meve on . posen and strachwitz | follow . close on ramsey and ashley - pitt 180 as ramsey casually return to work the ground . Ashley - Pitt stare off after von luger . ashley -pitt ( under he breath ) j my word . . ( continued ) ( oo 180 181 74 . continued : 180 ramsey who do you expect , Father Brown ? ashley - pitt I have the horrid impression he know exactly what we be do . ramsey if he do - we will find out soon enough . near MAIN gate - , von luger 181 head on inspection , then abruptly change course to sorren the " duty Officer " stooge who sit beside the trash can and Red Cross box . uneasily sorren get up , salute . von luger you can check I out now . sorren er , beg you pardon sir ? von luger let I have you list . sorren hesitates , von luger 's eye grow flinty . sonren hand the list over . von luger smile , glance at the list of he guard and ferret - the time of ~ entry , time of departure . he glance at he watch , enter he own name under " out " and the time , hand the list back . pleasantly : von luger ( continue ) give my compliment to Group Captain ramsey . ask he if I could have a daily copy . it - would be most useful to have a : independent - trustworthy - report on the movement of my man . nod rolitely , move the Red cross box into the all clear position , exit . in he nervousness , sorren almost salute he eye out . dissolve to : od i ) 182 183 184 185 186 15 . int , hut 105 - night the trap door of " Tom " 182 be open . sedgwick be pass down some section of bedboard and other wood . int , tunnel - night '' tom '' : ' 183 at the bottom of the shaft , hilt and ive get the board , begin stack they in the mouth of the shaft and " ante - room " , now the tunnel be sixty foot long - shore - and , at the far end , the dim light of a margarine lamp flicker . at the face - danny 184 pour with sweat , filthy dirty , eye red rimmed with tiredness , hack away dully . there be hardly enough room to lie down , let alone sit . danny . ( to the tunnel ) come on , you Black Beast , behave ! no more fall , no nothing . Danny 's you friend . he scrape the sand into the trolley , mumble all the time , laboriously start crewing . '' back as ive haul the trolley . woe . : . , ad the base op the shaft - ives '' 185 empty the trolley , hilt help , into the grow pile of sand . hilt call down the tunnel to Danny . hilt you want a breather , Danny ? . danny's voice I be come out for a minute . shot up the shaft 186 the shaft be now carefully shore with bedboard . sedgwick be peer down from the floor of the hut . sedgwick that 's the lot . ives send Danny down some . water . ( continued ) cd 186 187 188 189 190 191 192 76 . continued : 186 sedgewick come up ! ive . turn away to clean away the sand . there be a sudden sharp crack . ive and hilt look up , startle . they see the shaft shoring board tremble nervously , then they twist out of place . Sand begin cascade ... more board begin to buckle . ives - hilt - danny 187 react with horror , fight they way out of the tunnel , out of the choke , blind mass of air-sand in the shaft . int._hut = night pow be . 188 surge forward to help ... among they , Willie who be asleep . shot down into : tunnel - ives .- hilt -- danny 189 race up the ladder ... Danny last . Danny slip , be almost immerse in the sea of . sand as it fill the shaft with horrifying rapidity . he try to fight free . the sand begin to drow he - the whole shaft collapse . ive and hilt turn and drag Danny out just as the sand be suck he to certain death . indl .. hut - night danny , hilt and ives 190 lie on the floor of the hut gasp for breath in the horrify silence . hilt be not a little affect by the near miss , wipe the sand out of he face . danny ; 191 get up shakily , stare down into the shaft , now almost completely full of loose fine sand , suddenly begin swear incoherently in Polish , weep with impotent rage . Willie compassionately try to comfort . he friend . dissolve to : int . " tom " = pay danny - 192 and a loader burrow forward . the work begin again . ne 193 19h 195 196 197 198 199 77 . 193 4s join bottomless - topless condense milk can into yard length tube with adhesive tape . other worker carefully unsolder the bottom of other tin can ... int , " harry " - day willie , hilt and ives 194 be do the shoring . patiently . filthy longjohn . sweat stain ... int . hut 104 - day . toilet -shower - " harry be " orifice _ 195 stooge stand guard as a arm come out of the drain with a pail ef dirt and another man hurriedly empty it into disposal bag . the arm disappear . muffled voice ... int . barracks - night goons 196 make careful search . pow 's watch grimly as strachwitz efficiently oversee , .. int . " tom " anteroom - night bartlett : 197 be use the air pump . Sand dribble from the shore ceiling make he cough and curse . another worker use a hack see to . repair digging implement ... face of the tunnel - danny , willie , other 198 always cursing , always sweat stain , be lay one of the length of '' air pipe " connect it with the pipe already lay under the floor of the tunnel . then he attaches the nozzle , which preject up six inch , then cover the air pipe with earth and fit a new floor board into position ... , _ ext . compound . - day ( dusk ) the whole camp . 199 be at appell . number off while guard and ferret search hut in the background ... 200 201 202 203 204 205 206 207 78. guard b00 patrol ... von luger 201 inspect ... int . hut ~ day " tom " - " dick " - " harry " 202 as anxious digger pour out when a sudden search begin ... exe . compound - day stooge 203 relaying message . strachwitz glaring at.them ... int , eendiley' room - night hendley , goff and hilt 204 be act very strangely . they be add some raw potato to a already large naul . obviously , to they , this be a most important , and most secret operation . hurriecdly hendley hide the spud under he bunk , cover , as eiyche enter . : ind . " harry " - day full shot . 205 the tunnelling proceed well . not as thoroughly shore as " Tom " - the werk of art - but well enough . Men curse and fight the dirt into pail and load bin . int . recreation hut - day . attic + hilt 206 be supervise dirt be strewn carefully over the floor of the attic . everyone be . grimy , sweaty . the rafter be already cover with dirt . there be a loud creak - work stop momentarily ... forger 207 pause in they work , look up at ceiling . light hang from the ceiling vibrate slightly . muffled curse . the door open and hendley enter , cross to blythe who be the only one engross in he work . ( continued ) 79 207 continued : . 207 hendley doin ? ( quietly ) oo ° Colin take he time to look up , see hendley , smile . hendley pass over a small camera . hendley ( continue ) present from Father werner. ( grin ) in exchange for he papers . blythe - but where 's the film ? if you he look give he that back we have not a hope ... hendley : ( cut in ) you would not want I to welsh on a deal with you ? ( grin ) he 's get it . now he big problem be : " where do prisoner hendley get the camera ? " ( pain ) now would I squeai on a buddy ? up startle as there be another loud creck . oe . blythe 's you compatriot hilt request permission to dispose of he dirt in we attic . ( at the camera ) perfect ! forger - ( sourly ) : one more split scantling and we will all be up to we arm pit : blythe ( calmly ) the dirt will not reach up that far , dear boy . o 208 _ be wheeling a barrow load of spud toward they hut . bo. ext . compound - day ramsey , bartlelt and macdonald 208 be stroil , apparently aimlessly - around the circuit . just inside fhe warning wire . they stop to light a cigarette . macdonald ( whisper ) we be over " Tom 's " end , now . ramsey ( look at the tree ) how much further ? bartlett ( casually ) what do you think ? seventy - five ? macdonald we mee it eighty - nine . BA ( after a pause ) what abovt the moon ? cavendish ( tug at. moustache nervously ) | there be a few good moonless day next week . best time would be next month . no moon on the seventh , eighth or ninth . . ' bartlett glance off , react . the other look cff too . at cooler - hilt and hendley 209 - bartlett and macdonald 210 watch hendley and hilt thoughtfully - a slight glance between they . ramsey grunt . ramsey ( absently - thinkin of the tunnel move why should that two be scroung - or buy up - all the potato in the .camp . ( continued ) o 210 212 81 . continued : 210 macdonald {absently ) can not find out , goff 's permanently on guard outside a room . hilt and hendley lock themselves in every night . bartlett have be ponder , surreptitiously estimate the distance to the tree . then decisively : bartlett we will close down " Dick " and " Harry " . seal they . five day will put " Tom " into the tree . ( veat ) we be break out next week . as they look at one another . dissclve to : int . " tom " - day at the face - hilt 211 almost naked , happily bore through the sandy soil . ive be the loader , clean uv . the tunnel stretch behing they well light with lamp every 50 foot or so . a shallow _tray.on wheel on wooden railway - line trundle backwards - as ive jerk the signal rope . hilt stop for a moment , - stare at the new dirt . hilt hey , look at this . ives what ? laboriously ive work he way around to look at the dirt hilt have just..cut. out , then he anxiously shove past to the face . then slowly he stare back at hilt horrify . dissolve to : int . 105 - night close shot - table - two SMALL file of dirt 212 one of they be yellow - the other ordinary dirt color . 82. 213 another angle 213. ( o bartlett , macdonald , Willie , Danny , hilt and ive stare down av they worriedly . hilt pick up a little , examine it . willie stick it in the attic ? . hilt . they be all full . bartlett where 's Ashley - Pitt ? hilt when he hear about this , he look as though he be go to have a heart attack . danny ( wearily ) maybe he 's commit suicide . i. would . bartlett . what about dovm the latrine ? a : hilt '' a they be too. full already . , : bartlett we have to camouflage it somehow . willie ( to hilt ) maybe you could sneak out at night . scuff it into the compound dirt . hilt all that would get you be a bottom full of dog fang . the door open , Ashley - Pitt enter carry a blanket . bartlett where the devil have you be ? ashley -pitt ( with great dignity ) not sit on my bottom ! I be Royal navy . ( deat ) now you promise not to laugh ? vy ( continued ) 213 continued : 213 they stare at he blankly . bartlett why should we laugh ? Ashley - Pitt lay down a blanket , step onto it , then , almost shyly , undoe he pants , step out of they . down each leg be a long thin cylindrical bag with a string attach to the bottom of each . like a magician perform he magnus opus , he pull the string with a flourish and dirt cascade out of the bottom on to the blanket . they all roar with laughter . bartlett Ashley - Pitt , you , sir , have just become immortal ! dissolve to : ext . compound - day 214 the garden 214 be no longer work . they appear almost desolate . camera whirl away as there be the sound of march man . hilt be drilling a group of moth - eat pow 's . 215 close shot - there feet noe 215_ yellow sand stream from pants leg in the central section of marcher . follow foot scuff the sand into the dirt . and now the foot have pass ... the compound dirt be es it always be ... . 216 the marching group 216 be join by other " full - dirt carrier " and the " empty - dirt carrier " judiciously depart for further supplies . - Beyond they be a volley ball match . cheer . . 217 ramsey 217 survey the scene expansively . 218 ' volley ball match 218 be go apace . crowd of excited watcher roar and cheer they team on - or curse the opposition ... 219 close on feet of the watcher 219 yellow sand . dribble constantly from many pants leg - and other foot pound it into the dirt ... 220 221 222 223 224 225 int . hut - Day ashley -pitt . 220 like a cheshire cat , watch happily as dirt come out of " Tom " and be funnel into the carry bag . hayne ( as the funnel miss the nozzle of the hide bag ) watch it , nimmo . TI trust you like my mother , but I get a lot to lose . ext . compound - day the volley ball match 221 proceed . carrier deposit they treasure , foot scuff it into oblivion . contentedly ramsey turn away , react as there be a sudden warning and everyone go into cover tactic . strachwitz wander up from the north compound area . int . hut - " tom " - the blanket 222 ‘on which the carrier be ' load ' be shake clean down the shaft - the tunneler disappear underground - the trap be close and the stove set on top and fire in one smooth , well ' train drill . Ashley - Pitt check everything care - fully , then exit ... ext . compound - day the volley ball match / 223 continue with gusto , no sand disposal . strachwitz watch . bleakly for a moment , well aware of the watchful stooge : through the area . he turn on he heel , begin to exit . at hut 105 - two carrier ( nimmo and hayne ) 224 amble out , forty yard away strachwitz be crossing to the main gate . he glance at they casually , look away ... close shot - carrier' pant leg 225 a thin stream of yellow sand begin trickle from a defective leg bag . 226 227 226 230 231 85 . nimmo - hayne - 226 walk , oblivious of the slight , though scream trail of yellow sand . nimmo glance down , react , stop , bend down to pretend to tie he shoe lace . haynes react too , cover - grimly conscious of strachwitz 's near presence ... stracewitz 227 glance at they casualiy , glance away and continue he walk toward the guardhouse . nimmo and hayne 228 wait until strachwitz have disappear . Ashley - Pitt amble up , cautiously he obliterate the trail . nimmo you think he see ? ashley -pitt do not look like it . hayne the bloody bag 's defective . ashley - pitt ' spread the word - check 211 penguin pants ! on the double . ( beat ) ' we have some good angel look after we all right . dissolve to : int . tunnel - day 7 half - way house " tom " - macdonald 229 be on a " half - bed " awkwardly use both compass and footage mark twine . camera pan he around as he change '' hal ? - bed " , start on second leg . moving shot in tunnel - macdonald 230 nervously check and double check he calculation . another angle at face ( shoot into tunnel ) - macdonald : . 1 approach . as he head poke into a new ante-chamber camera reveal that Willie and Danny and cavendish be wait for he . just enough room for . they .to crouch . the ' tunnel have end with finality . a anxious moment while macdonald check he calculation . no one speak . a drip -f perspiration splatter the paper he be work on . at length : ( continued ) 231 continued : macdonald they look he exit , now . Danny trickle of 86 . 231 macdonald ( nervously ) no doubt about it . we be ten foot beyond the tree . willie then it 's up ? macdonald " Big X " say it 's up . if it check . cavendish dammit , it do check , but how the hell can we be sure ? no theodolite , no nothing . dammit , we be suppose to be accurate to five foot . danny be it up or be not it ? cavendish of course it 's up . ( exit grumble to himself ) . I be a bioody fighter pilot not a bioody surveyor . wipe the sweat off , look at the dirt ceiling . macdonald how long will it take you ? danny ( a glance at Willie ) seventy two work hour . - willie : include shoring - the escape ladder . at one another . the sweat drip . macdonald let 's close up . we have do enough for tonight . trundle away on a half bed . Willie follow . be alone . a slight crack startles he . a thin sand . no danger . he exist hat the close - ness . fearing it . o 232 233 234 235 236 237 238 239 2ho 87 . ext . compound - day ( dawn ) full shot : 232 almost no movement . only goons guard sleepily . some guard come yawn out of the guardhouse with the wrap flag , march over to the flagpole , attach the flag , haul it up ... barrack hut 233 they ere quiet . no sound . then a door open and hilt sneak cautiously , duck around the lee of the hut to a garbage can . he look around to see no one be watch , light a match on he pants , toss the match into the can , replace the lid , walk off unconcern towards hendley 's hut ... hendley be hut - goff and hendley 234 be anxiously carry out bottle , jam jar , erock , full of colorless liquid , place they near the step of the cookhouse . hilt turn a far corner , then cover by the guardhouse run behind the back of the cookhouse gisappear . : hendley come back with more bottle , then he and goff hurry back into he hut . a pause then hilt race up - disappear inside hendley 's hut as noiselessly . near flagpole - german guard . 235 @lance off , react . . . on a makeshift flagpole - above the cookhouse 236 a homemade " star and stripe " flutter proudly . the garbage can 237 suddenly explode . the lid careen into the sky on the plume of smoke . guard 238 react , burp gun ready . int . barracks - day ( dawn ) pow 's 239 jerk from they sleep ... window 's 2ho pop upe .. 4 24 . eke 243 244 245 . b46 247 . 248 head 24 ) poke out ... . , ext . compound - day row 's 2he pour startle out of barrack hut ... guard and strachwitz : 243 stare off stunne . hendley , hilt and goft 244 as the " Spirit of ' 76 " , come around the corner , head out into the center of the compound . makeshift costume . hendley be the Old man with the bloody bandage around he head - he beat the drum ; goff carry a makeshift revolutionary flag , lean into a imaginary gale ; hilt stiff -icg it along , play off key yankee doodle on a flute , a large jug under he arm . ' ramsey 245 half dress , stare off ... bartlett 246 cover he fright , begin to laugh ... pow be will : . 2h7 pour out of barrack in various stage of undress , begin to roar ... ashley -pitt 248 near macdonalé , look off blankly . cavendish 's mouth be open ... cavendish what the devil ? ashley -pitt oh , I know - it 's they Independence Day . July fourth . cavendish ( stunne ) my word ! look ? 24g 250 251 252 263 254 89 . hilt , hendley and gorf 2k9 weave arounc . hendley call a halt . now we notice they be half erccke . ceremoniously hilt pass the jug , and they 2 l2 °take another belt . dynamite . they shudder then gamely strike up the march once more ... strachyitz 250 watch . a grim smile set on he face . hendley 252 move out of the march , stop in front of ramsey , salute with a flourish , hendley ( slurring ) compliment ef nuncle Sam , drinkss on th' ‘ouse ... at th' kishen ... jooly fourth ! n'indipendens Day -- down with the britishhh ! he salute once more and almost falis ... group of pow's 252 laugh , roaring converge on the. cookhouse . hilt and goff , almost crock , start ladling out . the firewater ... ashley - pitt - goff - pow be | ' 253 Ashley - Pitt smile , toast goff . ashley - pitt here 's to the colony ! he drain the half glass . pause . a slight shudder . this be not tan eee gee enng ) little warerd but ... refill ) oh thanks , old chap ! other be milling about , get they drink . Ashley - Pitt wander over towards ramsey ... ashley -pitt 254 his eye suddenly glaze as the rotgut hit he . he stag - : ger , then grimly force himself erect . ( continued ) o 90 . 254 continued : 254 ashley -pitt ( continue ) strordinary ... he see ramsey , salute . ashley -pitt ( continue ) thish stuffes inadequate but woth try , shir ! ramsey laugh . turn to bartlett . ramsey better close down for the day . bartlett ( smile ) we already have . do they good to let off steam . ( deat ) we be ready . ramsey ( after pause ) I would say that call for a token drink . 255 merivale : 255 thoughtfully sniff the liquor , then sip , then drink . he frown , nod contentedly , take another , then another . no effect . 256 macdonald ' 256 be sit on the stoop , flushed and happy , as goff reel up . goff wansumore , old buddy bloody , old chap ? macdonald thanks . he half get up , then discover that he leg will not work . macdonald ( continue ) isay ! . ( suddenly slurring ) bringe isht over old buddy , sumthing slocked ... 257 258 259 260 261 262 263 264 gl . ashley ~- pitt - ramsey 257 Ashley - Pitt be bend ramsey 's ear . ramsey be carefully sip the liquor ... token drink . ashley -fitt ( hardly articulate ) justsht doesent touch mee . no shir , we Ashley - pitt can shold we tiddly ... group of pow's 258 as the alcohol speed through they system , help by empty stomach ... int . recreation hall - day another group of pouw' 259 form around the piano . a song fest start with sedgwick thumping . the piano ... ext , compound - day another group 260 include hendley , hilt , goff form a snake line and begin weaving around the dirt ... int . hut 105 ( " Tom " ) - Day , . strachwitz 262 and ferret sneak into the hut under cover , close the door carefully ... the hut be empty . strachwitz signal guard tc be silent and keep away from the window , then motion they to start a minute search of alli floor ... the hendley group 262 be weaving around . laugh , roaring man . german motorcyclis ? 263 be pass along the outside road . he look off , stop , begin to gawk ... he Pov 264 the whole camp . pcw 's laugh , fight , like a lunatic asylum ... 265 266 267 268 269 270 271 eve 273 92 . hendley' group 265 weave around . hilt be near the head of the reeling snake ... hilt 266 stop transfix , stare off ... he Pov - the german motorcycle 267 and the curious guard ... hilt 268 amble over toward the warning wire ... watchful goon sentry in tower 269 eock he burp gun ominously ... int . recreation hall - day sedgwick 270 be play " over the wave " with the upper register - plink , plink - as though he be heifit / Beethoven / stravinsky all roll into one ... ext . compound - day : . near . wire = hilt . 87h stop . just inside the warning wire , obviously admire the motorcycle ... . the german motorcyclist 272 be obviously not a little proud of he sparkling machine . he be about thirty foot away from hilt . he smile , very friendly : " hand across the wire . " hilt 273 smile back , friendly . " hand across the wire . " intercut : neither of the man speak a word but both pantomime the follow : german : Nice motorcycle , eh? hilt : pretty good . how many speed forward ? . ( continued ) { i ( '' 273 274 275 276 277 278 93 . continuld : 273 german : four. hilt : that 's average . I have get a motorcycle at home . german : so ? eilt : ( point at the star and stripe ) across the ocean in America . german : ah ! hilt : how fast do yours go ? german : ( with finger ) eighty . hilt : ( snort ) that 's pretty sad . german : ( bristle ) how fast do yours go ? hizt : ( with finger ) a hundred . — german : ridiculous .. Big mouth american ! hilt : ( with . Heil Hitler salute and hold he nose ) german stuff stink . german : up yours . hilt : up yours . . the motorcyclist : 274 sourly kick the start pedal . it will not start . kick again . eilt , 275 give he a horse laugh ... the motorcyclist 276 seethe , kick again , now the engine fire - sweet note ~ and he roar away ... near wire - hilt '' 277 turn back from the warning wire . faint piano music . the sudden trance - then hilt ' head nod , he exit . goon sentry on tower 278 grimly replace the safety . 5 279 280 281. 282 94 , at the kitchen - willing server 279 continue to ladle out the liquor . a few unconscious , seraphic body around . Men carelessly step over - or on - they as they whim take they ... int . hut 105 ( " tom " ) - day full shot 280 be strangely quiet after the roistering tumult , which inside the hut be mute . strachwitz be near the stove . he look around angrily . Kramer come from the shower area . kramer ( whisper ) garnicht . strachwitz noch . eine mal . es muss hier sein . nech eine mal ! strachwitz push pass to investigate the shower area , wearily Kramer look around the hut . on the stove coffee be steaming . the aroma tempt he . he force away he need , once more begin a careful search of the floor area . int . recreation hall - day '' the singers . 281 be almost completely crock . sedgwick plonk away . milling mass of people . merivale , half crock now , suddeniy lift up he arm , waist high and call out : merivale serum down ! immediately two pow 's get either side of he as instantly a oppose '' serum formation " get together and the two side lock , merivale the " hooker " on one side , macdonald the other . miraculously a rugger ball appear and the scrum half toss the ball into the writhe mass of struggle body . sedgwick 282 turn and watch in a drunken stupor . hilt enter and head for the pianc . he stare into its gut . then , as sedgwick be momentarily distract , hilt whip out a pair of wire cutter , cut some of the piano wire string , wrap they up and walk away contentedly ... 283 ( o 28h 285 286 of 287 95 . the scrum down 283 a pack jamme mass of shouting , laugh , fight man ... merivale 284 crawl from under the swirl mass and head tiredly for a chair . sit . now we see he have the ball in he lap . he smile seraphically as over come shout : voice here ... I have get it ... come on «+ . heel ... heel , chap . it 's over here , come on shove , shove ... heel , heel ... 285 again . when he sedgwick turn back from the melee , start play get to the upper register , " plunk plunk " , there be only a dull " thud thud " . he frown , try it again . the same . he shrug , continue play - always include the " thud thud " ... ext . compound - day hendley' group head toward the fire pool , bartlett and ramsey watch 286 amused . Rather than change course , hendley lead the column into it . the shaliow end ... deeper ... deeper ... deeper ... then they all scramble out . now a body remain in the water , float face down ... macdonald and hendley 287 stop . see the body , study it with interest . ramsey watch with bartlett . ramsey not one of we lad , surely . bartlett have to be one of the yank . never can hold they liquor . hendley and macdonald move closer . hendley gost to be a limey ... obvioush ... eun never hole thre tiddly . no one mike a attempt to pull the man out . ( continued ) 287 286 289 290 291 2g2 293 96 . continued : . 287 macdonald shnonshence . shank . . hendley shnever ! he stagger into the pool , turn the body over . to he immense disgust ... gorr 283 smile happily - unconscious . bartlett - ramsey - and other 289 drag goff out , begin to give he artificial respiration ... hendley 290 look down at goff disgustedly . hendley ( slurring ) dishgust ... dishgrash ( hick ) t' the flag ... jusht lecsh faith ... he weave ever and pick up a blanket someone have drop and drape it over he shoulder , stagger to the edge of . the pool . like a prophet , he raise he arm over the water . : . : hendley faith ! : and he calmly walk forward , disappear . ramsey - bartlett 291 calmly watch . ramsey : no faith . bartlett quite . goff 292 - cough cut some water , open he eye , look off , focus with difficulty ... he fov - hendley 293 float face downward ... 294 296 297 298 295 300 301 302 int , hut 105 - day kramer ' , 294 can not longer resist the aroma of the coffee . he pour a quick half - cup , carelessly burn himself , drop the eoffee , hurriedly grab a rag to clean up the mess . kramer 295 stare down shocked . there 's no mess . the coffee have disappear . he grope around . a think . he get the coffee , carefully pour some on the base of the stove . this ; too , disappear . frantically he rush for strachwitz . whisper conversation . strachwitz and Kramer carefully move the stove off the hase plate . a moment ... then " Tom 's " false trap be open and the purity of - its shaft reveal . ext . compound - day reveler . 296 wind around laugh ... int . recreation hall - day merivale ' 297 be haul into the scrum . '' sedgwick still play . over the gin come whistle , shout of guard ... ext . MAIN gate - day guard , . 298 run into the camp at the double . Beyond , posen approach at a run ... group of reveler 299 start to quieten . gradually a sicken pall spread es they realize what have happen ... ext , compound - day face 300 mass . Stony . vast depression . ramsey and other 301 appal ... : danny , willie , ives and other 302 paralyze with misery , ive totally affect ... 2 ard 303 304 305 306 307 308 309 310 311 312 hilt and other 303 appal ... ashley - pitt and other 304 grim . Stone sober - ashen . hendley and other 305 drip . he force the alcohol away - sicken as he realize what have happen ... strachwitz and kramer 306 cool , grimly amused , exultant ... bartlett ( alone ) 307 impassive . only he eye scream he anger . full shot - the whole camp 308 dead silence . all pow 's motionless . all stare at 105 . only guard and ferret converge with exultant shout on " Tom 's " birthplace . dissolve to : ext . camp - day ( dusk ) full shot whole camp at appell . 309 the entire complement .of pow 's be in appell formation under a lowering sky . searchlight already . floodlight the mass rank . rain drizzle in the miserable half - light . gloom . ramsey stand alone in front of the rank . von luger a few pace away , stare at the rank . kuhn and . ss guard be there . the only movement be kuhn amble along the front rank ... line of pow face 31 '' taut with misery . other face . 311 gil stare off . depress . rain trickle down they ace ... von luger . 312 look off . taut , angry . albeit victorious ... 313 314 315 316 317 318 99 . bartlett 313 grim , white , impassive . control hatred ... group including . ives 314 ive be strangely different . not overly noticeable ~ but a weird set to he eye . twitch of a face muscle . brood - ing , half - unconscious stare . his hand mold themselves , almost ebsently . his lip move - no sound ... group with hilt . 315 hatred - cold vast hatred - in he eye ... int . hut 10 " tom " ) _ - day ( dusk ) strachwitz 316 stand motionless in the doorway look in ... a german army . engineer 317 be stare down the shaft . another engineer come up out of the shaft carefully uncoil insulate wire , continue lay the wire down the length of the hut out into the compound . the engineer close the trap , then head out . ext . compcund - day ( dusk ) engineer and strachwitz a , 318 stand at doorway . , engineer ( in german - to strachwitz ) all ready , oberfeldwebdel . ( nod back at tunnel ) Wunderbar - wunderbar ! strachwitz nod , then walk down the step , head for von luger . kuhn still stroll along the front rank ... kuhn 319 a deadly smile on he face . he stop in front of hendley . '' kuen ( almost gentiy ) ah , the american , hendley , be not it ? what do you know of this ? ( continued ) 1 | | 319 320 321 100 . continued : 319 hendley stare at he . kuhn half - smile , move on , stop again . . kuhn ( continue ) macdonald . ah yes . Three escape from stalag Zwei . the " Security " expert . you almost fool the luftwaffe this time . ( beat ) we would not be so easy to fool . he move on again . stop in front of Danny , bypass hilt without a second glance . softly : kuhn ( continue ) velinski . why be you in . raf uniform ? a traitor , eh ? why be not you with the rest of the Polish coward in Warsaw . danny 320 beside himself with rage . almost on the verge of a insane attack . the ss guard have they hand on they holster gun . only a touch from Willie keep Danny from gcing beserk . kuhn stroll on , pass ive , pass many fow 's . he be look at bartlett . . kuhn ( continue ) ° ah , bartlett . what do you imow about this ? nothing , of course . the tunnel grow itself . of course . but there be way to find the truth . if it be really important . bartlett stare back at he , cold , beside himself with frustrated rage . von luger ' 321 be join by strachwitz who salute smartly . strachwitz ( in german ) ready , sir . von luger nod , still look off screen , almost completely cover he disgust of kuhn . 322 323 324 325 326 327 328 329 101 . another angle - german engineer 322 be finish attach the wire to a detonation device . then he snap the handie up , stare off screen ... kuhn 323 stop in front of ramsey . kuhn you be responsibie . . you know that ? ramsey stare at kuhn stonily . behind kuhn , von luger approach . von luger ( coldly - in german ) we be ready , herr kuhn . kuhn ( with study over - politeness , in English ) perfect , colorel von luger . such efficiency be to be compliment . you may rest assure it will be in my report . von luger nod , turn and nod nat strachwitz | who signal . " detonate " . the plunger , 324 be depressed ... the stove 325 shudder ... the whole appell area 326 rumble ... ground 327 as the subterranean explosion wreck the tunnel and a thin snake of earth form a depression ... face 328 reacting . misery . sicken hopelessness . kuen 329 suddenly laugh . in the dead silence . ( continued ) eo '' 329 330 332 333 334 335 336 continued : . : 329 kuhn ( softly ) you will never escape : never . you will never see you home again . the herenfolk will conquer the world and make slave of you woman and child ... ives 330 suddenly snap . Wire happy . he break rank and race madly for the fence , scream incoherently ... ramsey , 331 appal . ramsey stop hin ! two officer - ( baldwin and meade ) 332 break from the rank and hare after ive ... face 333 appal ... : full shot - ives . | : ' 334 froth , mouth charge over the warning wire and , hurl himself at the barb fence , madly try to tear it to piece with he bare hand ... tower goon sentries 335 cover ive and the two man as they try to pull hin off , but do not fire . obviously ive have go mad . kuhn 336 suddenly shriek , furiously . kuhn ( in german ) kill they , you stupid bastard or you will all be at the Russian front . immediately a ss man jerk he burp gun . oo 337 338 339 340 3421 342 343 344 b45 ss man a spray bul let off screen . goon sentry hesitate : , fire a token burst ... ives and the two men erumple as the bullet cut they down - pock mark the dirt ... ramsey stare off appal . von luger appal - ' quickly cover . rank of pow's the SOUND of fire cut as abruptly as it horrify . start . another angle - ramsey cold hard , the men shaking with anger . ramsey that be murder : murder ! he be mad - wire happy - any one could see that .. they be try to help he ... I demand that ... kuen ( cut he off ) you can not demand anything . you be all prisoner of the Reich ! any cne across the wire get kill . stir in they rank ominously . tension . rumble of guard man at the break point ... react nervously ... 103 . 337 338 339 340 341 342 343 344 a animél like 345 7 346 347 348 349 350 351 104 , another angle - ku ! 346 sense the tension , step back in front of the rank . kuhn ( bait they ) goon . please . gentlemen . try to escape . the wire be easy to get through . please - it will save we all 2 lot of trouble ! any one else ? please go on . full shct 347 Dead silence . hairbreath from a lunatic riot . a hand go up in the air ... hilt 343 have he hand up . other be stare off at kuhn . any instant -- any sudden movement ~ villi precipitate the riot . kuhn walk efposite hilt . kuhn . ( continue ) ( walk up ) you want to run , hein ? ( he stop in . front of hilt ) well , what be it ? hilt ' suddenly and . savagely belt : kuhn flat on he back . not bravado on hilt ' part - just a instinctive battle - bloodlust movement . a fantastic silence . ss men - 349 jerk they gun into fire position , ready to spray hilt and , if necessary , the whole rank ... front rank : 350 ready for suicide rush , careless of consequence ... von luger . 351 ashen . von luger ( violent order ) halt ! nicht sheissen ! 352 353 354 355 105 . full shot - pow's 352 hold they position . still ready . kuhn get up , shaking with rage , the blood pour from he mouth , he spit out two tooth . beside himself with fury , grimly look at von luger . strachwitz - guard 353 have they gun at the ready . the ss man look around nervously . while all gun cover the pow 's there be the faintest suggestion that von luger 's man be also cover the ss man . kuhn notice this too - he control he absolute fury . kuhn 354 look back at hilt who be almost still in he '' battle - coma " - longer time at all the pow 's include ramser - then he turn and stop near von luger . the same look - @ promise of vengeance to come . then he stalk away follow by the silent ss man . ramsey 355 relax slightly , but be still grim and dangerously cold . ramsey ( to von luger ) I demand a immediate interview with the swiss pepresentative . . von luger I will arrange it immediately . ( snap at strachwitz - in german ) get that soldier away from the wire . strachwitz turn , immediately give the necessary order , as : von luger ( continue ) ( to ramsey ) you will no doubt wish a military funeral . I regret the occurrence . ( louder , include all the pow 's ) listen to I ... there will be no more tunnelling . there will be no more escape attempt . any one over the warning wire will be shot , on my order . you be finally warn . he look off at hilt who be now out of the " battle - coma '' . he stare back . there be a moment between the two man . ( continued ) o 355 356 357 358 106 . continued : 355 von luger ( continue ) cooler ! immediately two guard converge on hilt who calmly begin to walk between they . von luger ( continue ) ( to ramsey ) dismiss . he glance off as there be the beginning of en under - current . yankee doodle dandy be softly hummed . by . many man . very soft . but quite clear . hilt 356 be march off . ‘ne hum be time to he march . face of pow's 357 watch , the hum seem to come from nowhere - softly , se softly . von luger - ramsey , 358 . von luger ( continue ) dismiss ! : ' he walk away , strachwitz fall 's , into step beside he , : head . for main gate as : ( quietiy ) dismiss . but unlike before , instead of stream away , the man stay where they be . then slowly move into smaller - group , watch hilt enter the cooler - the guard : carry the body back . undercurrent - wave of anger . ' bartlett and Ashley - Pitt converge on ramsey . cold , angry , brood violence . the rain patter . ramsey ( continue ) I want . a report by senior officer ! eyewitness account . in write . by tomorrow . ashley -pitt * yes , sir . and I '11 make arrangement for burial . ( continued ) 'o '' 358 " 359 360 107 . continued : : : 358 ramsey who be they ? ashley - pitt baldwin and meade , dfc . ramsey terrible . just terrible . bartlett look off at strachwitz and the pathetic body . his face close . bartlett open up Harry . we dig . around the clock . ashley-pitt but what be I go to do with the dirt ? if we so much as spread a teaspoon around , they will fall on we like iocust . bartlett we will put it down Dick . they stave at he and the enormity of the idea hit they . bartlett turn and exit purposefully . they look after hin . : . near MAIN gate - guard detail '' . 359 ' be march out of the compound . the face of the guard be grim , cold . the detail pass , head for the open gate , strachwitz near it . last in line be the artful dodger , blatantly march out with the Germans , head out of the gate . strachwitz , 360 purple with fury . grab he : strachwitz ( furiously ) Zum teufel , merivale , three man be kill and you still try this stupidity ! ( grate ) be you insane ? ( continued ) { 360 continued : o merivale ( thoughtfully ) yes , I rather suppose I be . ( ledly ) insanity seem to be in the air , hein ? strachwitz ( angrily ) cooler ! immediately three guard converge , the dodger walk off whistling . strachwitz stare after he : , strachwitz ( continue ) ( almost to himself ) gott im himmel , will they never learn ! fade out : o 108 . 360 oo 361 362 363 364 365 366 367 368 fade in : int . " earry " - night danny 361 be digging with control ferocity . behind he Willie be shovel the dirt into a load " half - bed " . ext . compound - night searchlight 362 rake the compound . many more ferret . many more guard amble aimlessly , then suddenly converge for a snap inspection ... int . hut - night cursing pow be . 363 be shove outside while ferret rip the hut apart . tailor shop - griffith 364 and the other tailor shut up shop in a hurry . nimmo -- half fitte -- rip off the civilian suit , stashes it . uniform , sacking piece of odd material be the making of the " costume " , hilt ' cell - hilt 365 play with the baseball - grimly . merivale's cell - merivale 365 in he cell watch the search from the tiny window , then pace restlessly . dissolve to : ext . compound - day : stooge 367 be as thick as the ferret ... the garden 368 be untend ... 1210 . - 369 '' the volley ball court 369 @ be unoccupy . Group of silent pow 's walk around ... int . hur - day 370 tailoring shop - griffith 370 be sewing a suit of civilian clothes . other show other how to adapt uniform and make they look like civvy ... int . " harry " - day 371 ante -chamber - sedgwick 371 be work the new air pump . behind he , in the ante - chamber other be cut board to size with makeshift tool . some be make ... 372 close shot mold - a german belt buckle 372 be add to the crow pile of ersatz cap badge , belt buckle , etc . int . library - day 373 blythe . 373 — wipe he eye tiredly , then grimly go back to lettering . other work grimly . a sudden signal and all work disap - pear and a ferret enter . blythe be already lecture ... int . fut 104 ( " harry " ) = day 374 toilet -shower entrance - willie ~ : 374 exit from the open tiredly . sudden warning : he galvanize into action . the next man , Danny , hurriedly duck back into the tunnel as the slab and grate be slam into place and the water pour into the trap . kramer' voice ' raus , out ! everyone out ! muffled cursing . int . " harry " shaft - day : 375 danny : 375 duck . down into the ante-room , all the man who be work - ing be motionless . muffled cursing and movement above . a man nervously drop 2 makeshift see , seemingly a huge noise . liveryone hold . he - breath . 376 377 378 379 380 381 382 383 ill . int . hut ( " harry " ) - day toilet - sii0 wer - kramer - strachwitz 376 make a minute search of the toilet room , knock cement floor . then they exit into ... int . barrack room - hut 104 ( " harry " ) - day other guard 377 be rip the place apart search for tool , or whatever . dissolve to : int . cooler - night hilt ' cell - hilt 378 grimly toss the baseball against the wall . again . again . then suddenly he stop . listen intently . he stretch out on the floor , press he ear against the concrete ... very close shot - hilt 379 | as he hold he breath . for a instant the faintest sound - impression of tunneling . hilt listen - strain . nothing more . perhaps he imagine it - perhaps not . merivale's cell - merivale " 360 . + also in solitary in he cell be also listen . grimly . he get up , pace around furiously . hilt ' cell - hilt 381 listen , full of impotent rage . grimly begin do push-up . int , " dick " - night ahsley - pitt 382 be supervise the dirt be pack against the face of the tunnel . int . library attic ~- night . kramer '' 383 poke he head into the attic , with a flashlight carefully make sure that there be no dirt there . ( not ro 7 384 385 386 '' 387 388 112 . ext . compound - night ferret 384 look under barrack , make sure there be no extra dirt anywhere . at a window , a stooge guard , he eye press to a chink in the slat . dissolve to : ext . compound - day near hendley' hut - werner 385 4s walk along , look under hut , search as the other be search . also with he cordon of counter - ferret . as Werner turn the corner of hendley 's hut , abruptly he hurry up the step ... ind . hendley' hut - day hendley 386 be lie on he bunk read . blythe be there . hendley pretend surprise as Werner , white and nervous , shut . the door quickly . he fish into he uniform and bring out a sm@ll roll of film , almost drop it in he anxiety . hendley ( take it ) Werner , you be a live doll ! on door ( as it jerk OPEN ) - strachhitz . : 387 stand there , a deadly calm . hendley - werner - strachwitz 388 like magic the film disappear into hendley 's sleeve . Werner ( back to strachwitz ) be almost paralyze . hendley react instantly : hendley ( continue ) ( pretend anger ) for Pete 's sake , you too strachwitz ? ( angrily to Werner ) you have be through this hut fifteen time in the last couple of week ! how many time you gotta be tell there 's nothing here ? ( continued ) oo ) ) 113. 388 continued : 388 Werner shrug , begin to search - cover he petrify fear . after a pause : strachwitz ( to Werner - satisfied ) ' raus . they exit . hendley exhales and wipe the sweat off and give blythe the film . hendley two second earlier and that poor little guy would have be on the Russian front . but blythe be preoccupy , carefully examine the film . to henciey 's astonishment , blythe be hold the film a inch or so away from he eye ; hendley frown - say nothine . dissolve to : int . library - day blythe : 389 be sit with : the camera , take pheto , reveal he be shoot a picture of hendley dress in a civilian suit , who head a line of other pow 's dress in a motley array of costume . next in line be nimmo . weird windbreaker and pants , beret . he move into position as hendley step aside . hendley ( to nimno ) what be you , nimmo ? nimmo bulgarian laborer . hendizy I do not know you could speak bulgarian . nino I do not , bach . but celtic sound enough like it , look you . 390 int . bartlett roo - day bartlett 4s sit at he table . calis out : bartlett next . the docr open and cavendish come in . bartlett ( continue ) nun , wir sind sie ? cavendish je m'appelle francois jeville . bartlett ach , franzersich ? cavendish non , belgique . . bartlett votre permiss ? cavendish ( give into he uniform with a flourish , come out empty-hand ) voila ! at least forgery have promise they on time . bartlett ( beat ) sood . next ! cavendish exit and door open and griffith come in . bartiett ( continue ) nun , wer sind sie ? griffith je suis gason seulile di sec miolle . francaise . bartlett Bien . et votre place de naissance ? griffith ( falter ) uh ~ uh . bartlett for God 's sake , man , you would know where you be bear . 15 . ind , cooler - day | 391 4 hilt ' - merivale cell - intercut hilt be bounce the baseball . merivale stare stonily out of the bar window high on one wall . hilt ( shout ) hey , Major ! you mind a personal question ? merivale certainly not ! hilt what happen to you hand ? merivale oh == nothing much . at. gallipoli in the great War some chap be in a boat , in the Straits . they be in trouble . I just pull they out . hilt how ? merivale have to swim out to they -- have to tow the boat == you know , bullet and all that sort of thing . the rope cut through the tendon of my hand . , hilt ( react - then ) what be it ? steel cable ? merivale no , it be rather cold and the tope be freeze . hilt ( after pause ) I be sorry . that 's too bad . ( continued ) continued : 391 merivale it only take one finger to pull a trigger . hilt think about this . suddenly listen intently , press he ear to the floor . hilt hey , Major -= from what I hear herry 's grow inte quite a big boy . merivale look up from study he hand -- merivale yes . it 's about time he get out of school . hilt sure hope we do not miss graduation . dissolve to : int . macdonald be roo ! - night be tiredly interrogate pow 's . nimmo exit . macdonald ( in german ) next suspect ! haynes come in . macdonald wie heissen sie ? hayne Eric stressel von munchen . macdonald warum sind sie hier ? hayne ( a stream of german ) ich rabe urlaub bekommen . ich gehe nach munchen und vesuche meine kranke mutter . - macdonald ( crisply ) you german 's veny good . - hayne . thanks , mac. I have put in a. lot of time ... ( he catch himself ) macdonald ( snap ) watch that haynes . it 's the easiest way in the world to trin a suspect . hayne sorry , mac. macdonald next . haynes go out , another man come in , macdonald wie heissen sie ? 394 395 396 int , tunnel " dick " - day willie 117 . 394 be pack earth that be be bring down the shaft by other . the tunnel be almost completely full . he shake he head wearliy , try to pack the earth hilt and tighter to make more room . the shaft . camera watch up the shaft slam down . darkness . '' cloud cover the coat . a hut . '' ext . compound - night sky . sentries stamp they fee still the earth come down as the trap be dissolve to : t . heavy over - sharp wind . a hundfuheurer pass with he german sherherd dog , rest momentarily in the lee of a int . tailor be shop - night griffith be watcen bartlett inspect some man wear he work . . bartlett what be you go as ? hendley travel salesman . from Hamburg . bartlett that 's a damned good suit . might have come from saville row . griffith ( beam ) thanks , cyril . bartlett that 's a criticism , angus . where would a hamburger salesman get that amount of money ? it 's too good . Change the line , put in - more pad in the shoulder . ( continued ) 395 396 '' not a little proud . bartlett stop in front of hendley . 396 397 398 118. continued : 396 bartlett continue dewn the line . bartlett ( continue ) what be you ? int . barracks ~ night sedgyick 397 be pass out " iron ration " - a four inch square slab ( about a inch think ) of chocolate concrete - to dubious escapee . hiit take he slab , stare at it . sedgwick chocolate , sugar , cocoa , oat , glucese , margarine , ground biscuit . escapee and concrete . hilt you eat this ? . sedgwick of course . : hilt have you ? sedgwick I try every batch . a escapee speak up from the rear of the line . escapee you may get the Victoria Cross out of this , sedgwick ! int . " harry " - at face ( shoot back into tunnel ) - bartlett 398 be approach , lie on the small wheeled " flat - bed '' on the wooden railway line , use he 's arm to '' paddie " himself along . he make surprisingly good speed . ( continued ) '' 398 399 119 . continued : : ' 398 . at the orifice , he get up and camera reveal that he be now in a new shaft . the end shaft . wait in this shaft be Willie and Danny , hilt and macdonald . he look up . the shaft ceiling be about twenty - five foot . a firm ladder be tack to one side . the actual ceiling be only dirt from which root emanate . along one side a huge tree root enter the shaft delicately . all talk in whisper , nervous excitement . danny all right , cyril ? bartlett yes . take hold of he excitement , Danny climb the ladder , camera following . he carry a small probe and stick it into the ceiling dirt . he shove it carefully for eighteen inch , then abruptly there be no more resistance . danny ( hard put to contain himself ) about eishteen inch ! at the base of the escape shaft - bartlett - 399 . and the rest react . sound of Danny return . bartlett how long will it take to break open ? danny - iwenty minute . 4 Long sence . then : 2 willie when 's D Day ? bartlett ( after pause , to macdonald ) what 's the forecast ? ( continued ) 399 continued : : 399 macdonald {as casually - not feel it inside ) well , the best time would probably be in five week . but there be four good moonless night this week too -- tonight through Saturday night . ( pause Saturday would be out . hilt you have a date or scmething ? macdonald it would 's mean Sunday timetable for that go by train . ( to bartlett ) weather prediction : good possibility of rain and overcast . might be a cold snap -- frost too . ( pause ) by this time next month we could easily have snow . bartlett {after pause ) how many of the team be ready ? . macdonald oh , a hundred and fifty odd . ( hilt blink at the number ) the rest would be ready , some way or another . a slight crack break the silence . they iook up . a thin trickle of sand come from the dirt " roof " . bartlett date stamp all document Friday . he turn ond exit into the tunnel . macdonaid wi: the sweat oif . exit . then hilt , Danny and Willie . now the shaft be empty . again a little crack . camera go to the roof . the sand cascade gently . . fade out . 400 4o1 hoe 403 4ou 4o5 121. fade in : int . barrack - day ( dusk ) close shot -.a batter raf cap 400 in it be many slip of paper . fold neatly . a hand pick one , camera reveal blythe be hold the slip of paper . nervously . Men be watch silently , many already have they slip number . behind blythe be a few more man in lin . the last be hilt . macdonald be hold the hat , Ashley -ristt beside he . blythe open the slip of paper , glance at it . close shot - blythe's slip 401 the number be neat and big . 28 another angle - blythe 402 be impassive as he head for the door . another man take . a slip , glance at it , grin broadly . the next open he slip - re-read it with grow sadness . macdonald glance off , frown . blythe 403 be near the door . he have take he glass off and be peer down nervously at the slip of paper , hold it be inch away from he eye . he do it very quickly , sure that he be not be observe . . macdonald : 404 react , appal , as he realize ' blythe 's eye have almost fail he . ashley -pitt ( notice the look ) what 's the matter , Sandy ? macdonald nothing . the last man , hilt , take he slip . look at it . grin . ashley - pitt lucky number ? hilt ( lock at it ) yes sir ! close shot - hilt ' slip 405 the number be thirteen . 406 407 another angle - hilt / 406 exit happily . macdonald stare at the door after biythe , lose in think . . ashley - pitt ( quietly - to the room ) give you number to the barrack Commander . he will give you other detail when the time come . nimmo when do you think , bach ? ashley-pitt ( to macdonald ) which barrack 's next ? macdonald ( still lose in think ) soon , 108 . they collect the hat , leave . the hut be very quiet . a man exhales as they look at one another or read and re-read they life - death number , . dissolve to. int . bartlett room - night . bartlett . : : 407 be recheck some schedule with Ashley - Pitt . searchlight from the compound splashes through the windowslet from time to time . bartlett Fine . when do the goons switch on the searchlight ? ashley - pitt six-thirty . : bartlett that 's D hour . ashley - pitt good . that will give we a extra few minute to get all the bod in place . ( stretch ) think I will call it a night . ( continued ) vo 4o7 123 . continued : 407 wearily he pick up the schedule , start for the door . a knock . < ashley - Pitt open the door , reveais hilt . bartlett yes , hilt ? hilt do you have a minute ? bartlett certainly , come on in . ' night , Eric . ashley -pitt ( close door ) sleep tight ! — . bartlett sit down , hilt . have you get all you gear ready ? Iron ration ? hilt yes , thanks . ( after pause ) just want to ask a couple of question - if you do not mind . bartlett shoot . hilt well . how many - be go ? bartlett two hundred and fifty . hilt blink , then smile feintly . hilt that 's a mighty big number . bartlett it 's a big plan . eilt what do you figure we chance ? to get that number out ? : bartlett excellent . to get they out permanently - very bad . ( continued ) 124 , 407 continued : ( 2 ) 407 { . hilt o ( after a pause - perplex ) I think the whole idea be to -~ well , escape . to get home . bartlett study . hilt thoughtfully . bartlett it 1s . at the same time maybe it 's not quite so selfish , you might call it awar effort . a lot of fellow be carry part of the war ball we should be carry . ( beat ) I will make it clear for you . ( beat ) when one man escape , this one man divert about a hundred goons from they war effort if he 's caugh ? within a hour . a thousand goons if it take they a day to catch he . ten thousand if it take a week . Soldiers - police - mainly . say we multiply that by two hundred and fifty . think of the monumental muck up we would cause the goons . why we will of involve million - if we be lucky ! pos the whole bloody Reich - if we be co very lucky . - hilt stare at ham bug-ey : hilt I think I be blitz happy - but you , you be the blitz king of the all. ( beat ) or wire happy ! i ' bartlett to who be I not to be ? hilt ( after a pause ) : say we be not lucky . say some ys get kill . you think the monumental muck up " would be worth it ? bartlett if it shorten the war by a day - even by a hour - yes . _ hilt oc ) say it do not . what then ? ( continued ) . 125 , 407 continued : ( 3 ) . 407 lc ) bartlett . that 's the measure of my responsibility . hilt stare at he . hilt Boy , this be one for the book . ( pause ) how many you figure 'il make it ? bartlett that 's up to Lady luck - or fate - or God + depend on you point of view . ( gently ) : look , hilt . escape be always a very personal decision , always a volunteer operation . no one - Big " X " or the senior officer - no one order anyone to escape , or not to escape . you would not be wrong if you decide not to go . hilt stare at he pop eye : 2 . hilt . oh , I be go . of course ! I just want to know the’ odd . go ? of course I be go ! I just want to know the score . suddenly the air raid siren begin shriek . ext . compound . ~ night 408 hundfuhrers 408 - and they dog react . abruptly the searchlight vanish . Hut light begin to vanish . only gloom now ... int . barracks - night 409 full shot 4o9 the barrack light flicker and die . in the gloom , face react . hope , pride . 410 other face . 410 i mix with just e little fear . . on some . o 412 412 413 414 int . ramsey's hui - night ramsey , 4 u look up from the book he have be read . react , grimly satisfied . the siren begin to die . ext , compound - night ferret and guard 412 ever nore watchful in the blackness . int . bartlett room - night bartlett 413 and . hilt be listen . the siren die . silence . then faintly but distinetly the sound of bomb explode , and distant ack ack . baptlett the goon're catch a packet . hilt ( as thoughtfully ) must be something big around here to bomb so far from home . bartlett ( after pause , almost absently ) I often wonder where home be . this day . hilt glance at he , then : hilt guess I would better high tail it back . but bartlett be preoccupy listen -- fill with long , ' stare out of a window . bartlett ( absently ) thanks for drop by . hilt exit . ext , compound - night tower goon sentry : 414 strain into the darkness , react ! £ 415 416 417 418 41g : 420 422 1e7 . he Pov - a shadov 415 or perhaps nothing : tower goon sentry 416 spray the " death " aree between warning wire and fence , trigger happy . guard and ferret 417 converge , shouting gutterally , in the general direction , strachwitz ( angrily ) es ist garnicht heir ! dumkopf ! the goon tower return the shout , faintly . strachwitz shrug , go back to the patrol . int . ramsey's hut - night ramsey 416 listen . over come the faintest , faintest SOUND of pom >s fall . Far away . grimly amused . int . barracks -- night willie . : . 419 and all the other be listen . ' faint sound of bomb explode - distant ack ack . excitedly , almost unnotice , Danny , strangely white and draw , slip out of the hut . ext . compound - night strachwitz 420 and the other guard be listen . they react too . grimly . a dog whine , frighten . int . barracks - night face &et be listen intently ... int . hendley and blythe's room - night hendley 4ee lie in he bunk . watch blythe. who. be preoccupy with shave . ( continued ) 128 , 422 . continued : hoe '' o blythe mislocate a piece of he gear , can not see it , fumble ur.til he.can find it . hendley notice this , turn he iwead away , look up at the ceiling in think . there be a particularly loud crump of a distant bomb . hendley Air raid be get closer . blythe quite . hendley and heavier . they must be do pretty good on we side . blythe I think so too . hendley I mean , it might not be too long lefore they clobber the whole place . blythe I hope so . that would be splendid . hendley sit up in he bunk . oo - hendley . Colin , do you ever think of wait it out here ? forgetting this escape ? : blythe ( a long pause ) yes . but I can not . ( turn to hendley ) - iam not .a hero , hendley . I . be not. what 's call '' the operational type " . but I do not want to stay here -- one minute longer than I have to . there be another heavy bomb burst , blythe ( resume shave ) that be a good one . : hendley C ) ( lie down again ) . ' yeah , ( 7 ) 423 de 4a5 426 4e7 129 , int . barracks - night willie 423 notice Danny 's bunk be empty . exit the hut anxiously . ext , willie' barracks - night willie hoy come out of the hut cautiously . look around . nothing . then he catch sight of someone crouching in the. shadow . another angle - willie 4 as come up , gasp as he see : danny 426 who stare off , the white of he eye show , at the unseen fence . in he shaking hand be a pair of wire cutter . another angle - danny , willie 427 Willie gasp , duck down beside he . willie ( urgent : whisper ) what be you do , Danny ? be you crazy ? danny -( mumble - out of himself ) this 's the chance . I can make it . he make a move but Willie grab he back . willie Danny ! Danny ! for the love of God ... Danny try to struggle free and Willie , tiny against Danny 's bulk , belt he , try to knock he out but the blow hardly touch Danny . he break free . Willie rugger tackle he , crash he down , drag he under the lee of a hut . Danny stare up petrify at the floor - only a few inch above he head , tunnei-like . ( continued ) - ro lu 427 428 4ag 130 . continued : 4e7 danny ( desperately ) it 's cave in again . I be bury . I can not see ! I be blind -. I be blind ! willie ( horrify ) it 's the light , Danny . the goons have cut the bloody light . danny ( struggle ) let I out - let I out ! I can not breathe - I be suffocating ... help ! frightened that the goons will hear , Willie , with super - human strength , pull he back again and backhand he savagely . to he horror , Danny start cry . willie what be it Danny ? danny ( sobbing ) the tunnel - it 's get I , Willie . I can not stand it any more . not again . never . I can not - it 's just like I be pury alive every time -- ( desperately ) it 's tonight or never for I , ' Willie . I can not go down that hole again . i- can not . I just can not . suddenly Willie stare off . . he Pov 428 , a goon sentry . be search with a flashlight - he burp gun ready . then he see they - the gun cover they ! sentry ( angrily ) what you do there ! come out ! willie and danny 429 erawi out . Willie cover Danny . ( continued ) mf as 429 430 431 . 433 434 435 131 . continued : . hag willie ( cesperately ) the air raid siren scared he . send he a iittle crazy . he 's all right now . come on , Danny . ( to the sentry ) you know , shell shock . quickly he hurry Danny away - and Danny , pathetic now , allow himself to be lead . nervously the sentry turn away . camera go to a window . hilt be there . his shock show . dissolve to : int . barracks - day ( twilight ) men 430 be get ready . change into they escape suit . other men 431 be fix gear . blythe and hendley 432 ' be dress . hendley slip out of the door , head for the John . blythe close the door , he nerve be on edge . he find a pin , set it on the edge of the table . orient himself carefully then walk forward 's casually to pick it up . a miss by a inch . he do it again and this time bullsey on the pin . he get back into position , wait , sweat with nervousness . glance at he watch , int . other barracks - day men 433 be wait nervously . someone drop a book . the slight noise make everyone jump . cavendish 43h be stare into a mirror , brush he moustache into violence . : ramsey . 435 quietly pace , up and down , up and down . 436 437 438 132 . sorren 436 sweatily checx and recheck he list . ext . compound + day ( dusk ) sentries 437 walk up and down , stamp they foot in the damp cold . overcast sky -- the last gloomy light of day . a burst of . laughter from the guard house and the whining oscil - lation of a radio be tune in . a german folk song ... man 's chorus = warm the gloam . int , hendley' room - day ( dusk ) blythe and hendley / 438 wait fidget . a lkmock the door open . bartlett enter . he still wear he uniform . grave face . blythe {over friendly ) hello , cyril . how do we look ? ( he strut a littie ) gute arbend , mein herr . wie goot es ihnen ? . bartlett ( gravely ) sorry , Colin . you be eff the list . you can not go ! . blythe what be you talk about ? why not ? bartlett because you have tear you eye out . for we . blythe nonsense . . bartlett look , Colin . blythe ( interrupt ) I can see as weil as anyone . ( look around ) see that pin ? ( continued ) ' o 133 . 438 ccntinued : 438 bartlett ( look , then , after pause } yes . blythe waik to it unerringly , pick it up . come back , all smile , he stumble over a chair which bartlett quietly put in he way . blythe stare down appal , near tear , hendley be there any need to be so tough ? bartlett yes . I be afraid there be . ( to birthe ) sorry . I hate this eleventh hour letdown , but I have oniy just be tell . it 's too risky for you . hendley do not you think that 's Colin 's decision , not yours ? bartlett not altogether . he would also be a hazard to the whole escape . . that 's my decision , * hendley if you want to talk about . . hazard , what about you ? you be the biggest hazard of all of we . you be a mark man , bartlett . bartlett ( after a pause ) yes . that 's true , hendley '' well , none of we have vote you off the list , so you have no right to do the same . bartlett look at he . ( continued ) o ~ 438 continued : ( 2 ) 438 . bartlett if you be ask I how far a commander be allow to go - or dare to go - or be allow to play God , I can not answer you . ( beat ) - but I can tell you a blind man be a unnecessary hazard not only to himself but to the whole plan and therefore will be eliminate . : hendley iagree . but Colin 's go . I will be he eye . I will take care of he . that 's my decision . bartlett look at he , gaug he . then the faint smile . . bartlett very well . good luck . he turn and exit . hendley stare after he sourly . blythe take off he glass . wipe they . blythe ( very matter of : fact ) actually , I suppose after all , it 's better if I do not . cyril 's quite right . completely right . fav as blind as the proverbial at . hendley Hell , we will make it in great shape . and that 's the end of it . blythe replace he glass , fiddle with they . a long pause : blythe would you like some tea ? we have get time . hendley look up , suddenly vastly amused . he hide it and flatten he voice too : hendley thanks . blythe splendid . dissolve to : 439 440 135 . int . hut corridor - day ( dusk ) bartlett 439 approach , head for ramsey 's room . Troubled . int , ramsey's room - day ( dusk ) ramsey 4ho look up , smile . ramsey ' hello , cyril . I be go to drop by to wish you God speed . . bartlett you remember when I just come to the camp , you say perhaps I shoulda stay out of the escape ? ramsey yes , I remember . bartlett you remember I say I would tell you if I ever get wire happy ? ramsey be you ? - bartlett : I do not know . I do not think so -~ but I be not sure . ramsey listen cyril , war 's a muck up way of life . who know what 's right or what 's wrong ? or what 's the difference between you and I or that poor man ive . bartlett I feel I be right to try to get back at the goons <= the only way we can , ramsey I agree , cyril . my concern be the gestano . ( continued ) '' o 440 continued : 136 . 4ho bartlety you imow , cir , you always separate professional soldier from the gestapo . to I they be all the same . in fact , I jmow the von . luger be worse =- they know better . yet they put the lunatic in power and they be leave they there . ramsey ( after pause ) I do not disagree with you , cyril . I only point out a pertinent military fact . ( smile ) should not you be get ready ? ( gravely ) perhaps you and I should not ' try to solve the insolvable . ( hold out he hand ) good luck , old chum . bartlett thank you , sir. ramsey | God bless . : bartlett leave , close the 'door . ramsey stare after he gravely . dissolve to : 443 4he 443 ad aus ale 137 . int , bartlett room ( dusk ) close shot - bartlett wrist watch 44 . tick loudly . it read : 6:29 and a half . the second hand tick past the half ... bartlett 4he look down at it . he be dress for escape . alone in the tiny room . this be the first time he have be see alone . cold sweat bead he forehead . the shake - vast fear @ribble from he eye . nausea . int . " harry " - night danny and willie 443 complete fitting bulb to the end of the wire at the foot of the escape shaft . willie what 's the time ? D six twenty -nine . willie the goons will throw the switch in a minute or two . then we shall really see . how do you feel ? danny I will be all right . hilt arrive on he trolley . put down extra light bulb . hilt all set . int . bartlett room - day - ( dusk ) bartlett . ab try to control the shake . watch the second hand . watch - the second hand 4s five ...four ...three ...two...one ... six - thirty . int , " harry " - night / full shot amg the buid go on and a blaze of light ribbon the ceiling of the tunnel . ( continued ) o 2 446 47 4og 4hg 450 138 . continued : 446 willie oh , lovely . like blackpool at the heignt of the season . danny let 's get out of here . hilt we have the halfway House trolley to fix . willie ( indicate trolley ) lead off , hilt . hilt take off on the trolley . ext , compound + night close 4l7 right into the beam of a searchlight in a sentry - tower . the sentry swing the light aside and now we can see he . camera pan around the other sentry - box searchlight , make a 360 degree turn . then it tilt down to the compound itself . the shaft of light move about , never still , occasionally pick up a hundfuhrer and he dog , and , here and - there , a lone ferret . all the. shutter aze close on the hut . : os int . bartlett room - night bartlett 443 wipe the sweat off . a gentle knock . instantly bartlett be vefled once more by the strength of he will . macdonald poke he head into the room , nod silently . bartlett pick up a briefcase , exit . icey calm now . int . barrack corridor - night a stooge 4og be at the spy hole . bartlett and macdonald appreach , wait . the stooge give the " all clear " , jerk the door open for a instant , close it behind the two . ext . compound - night bartlett and macdonald 450 wait for a-hole in the searchlight , dart across to the next hut - 107 . the door open instantly , close . oo i '' 451 452 453 '' 454 139 . int . hut 107 _- night _ a stooge 452 guard the door , watch . a nod , then the two man exit again . ext . comfound - night bartlett and macdonald 452 wait , then dart across to 104 . again , before they reach the door it open for they . ind . hut 104 - night a stooge 453 Guards the door as they enter , go through the barrack to sorren , the block cemmander , who have a clipboard and list of name . everyone taik in whisper . sorren ( check they name ) bartlett , macdonald . as they go on into the washroom , merivale and Ashley - Pitt arrive . int . hut 107 - niget ' full shot : . 454 hendley and blythe come through the door . . stooge name ? hendley hendley . blythe blythe . stooge on you way . camera pan as they g0 down the corridor . the stooge open the door at the other end . " stooge ( continue ) all clear . on your. way . 455 456 457 use 459 140 . ext . compound - night close . 455 hendley and blythe leave Hut 107 , go to Hut 104 and enter . int , hut 104 - night full shot . 456 hendley and blythe be admit by the stooge . sorren hendley , blythe . go to the far end . get into a bunk and stay there . keep fairly quiet . if you have to talk , talk about the weather . they leave . a moment later , the stooge open the door , another escapee step in . sorren name ? escapee eame , int . ramsey's room - night ramsey of , 457 be stare out into the compound through the slat in the shutter . he too 4s sweat and anxious . after a moment , he exit . ext , compound - night full shot 458 shadows flit from hut to hut , leap frogging . a muffle - curse as someone stumble . no reaction from the nearby patrol . slight movement near the guardhouse . strachwitz 459 stare intc the compound uneasily . then he shake off the premonition . : strachwitz ( angrily - to the guard - in german ) smarten up ! you be german soldier , net gutter rat ! 460 461 wi. int . bunk rocm - 104 - night full shot 460 ramsey enter . the bunkhouse be cramme to overcrowd . Men in bunk , on the floor , in the passageway . strange costume . all sweat . Silent . ramsey go toward the washroom . washroom : 461 bartlett stand with macdonald by the open trap . he be outwardly calm - very calm . bartlett ( matter of fact - to macdonald ) what 's the holdup ? we be behind schedule . macdonald shrug . hilt scramble up out of the trap . he be follow : by denny and then Willie . hilt need a new rope on the end trolley . willie all do now . rll three start put on they escape outfit a ramsey come into the washroom . he address the group around bartlett as well as that in . the barrack beyond ‘hin . ramsey i have come to wish you all au revoir and godspeed . I can not tell you how proud I be of you . - - I look forward to see you all again in London . now I will get out of you way and give you a clear run . as ramsey leave , bartlett turn to Danny . , bartlett all right , Danny , off you go . Danny look down into the gape hole of the trap . suddenly he face be cover with sweat . danny you - you go , cyril . ( continued ) ' o ts 142. 461 continued : 461 bartlett ( amaze ) you be lead off to open the tunnel . . danny I will come along later . bartlett do not be ridiculous . it 's all be work out , willie let he do it he way . I will stay too and - bartlett ( cut in ) out of the question . Danny get down there and on that damned trolley at once . danny . I will be right after you . I just - Willie push Danny back into the semidarkness of the ' barrack . come forward . again , throw a appeal look to bartlett , then hilt . . willie . let we do it we way , cyril . what difference do it make . hilt will open the hole . hilt sure . dive down into the trap . willie ( call after he ) do not forget to signal from halfway House for the next man . hilt ' voice yeah . bartlett ( to Willie ) tell I what this be , dammit , and tell I fast . ( continued ) 461 462 463 143 , cuntinued : ( 2 ) 46 ) macdonald cyrii , do not jam up everything over whe open the tunnel . come on . he start bartlett down the trap , follow he as Willie turn away to find Danny . int . " harry " - shaft and _enzerance room - night close 462 the twe man go down the shaft - bartlett you know what this be ? macdonald I think sc . | bartlett what be it , Sandy ? macdonald I do not krow for sure . but I would say it be fear . he - bartlett impossible ! macdonald be at the mouth of the tunnel . - recieve the signal hilt be beyond the halfway House . macdonald cyril , whatever it be there will be less trouble if you let it pass . bartlett ~ ( after a moment ) - ight . he get on the trolley , head up the tunnel as merivale and ashiey - Pitt come down the shaft . int . exit shaft - " harry " - night hilt 4€3 be hack at the earth above . a shower of dirt , almost blind he . . cd o 464 465 " 466 467 468 470 ma , int . barracks 104 - night the stooge 464 be temporarily distract from he spy hole . the door swing open . a german guard ! german guard be be los herein ? Hein ? stooge 465 almost faint . , sorren 466 gasp , petrify ... other 467 paralrze with fear ... german guard 468 german guard haff you never zzeeeen a sherman before , nein ? _ sorren - ne sorren ( furiously ) - for the love of God , haynes : why the devil do not you tell we you be go as a goon . hayne sorry , old boy ! think I would give you a surprise . sorren : ( weal ) set ina bunk ... no wait ! I would better warn they . someone will _ have a heart attack . int . waseroom - 104 - night close 470 hendlez and blythe be in line at the trap . sedgwick be instruct the man go down the shaft . ( continued ) ic ) 470 471 472 473 arh 475 476 att 145 . continued : 470 sedgyick all right now , sit down here . there 's a ledge a foot below - feel it with you foot . stand with you right foot in the far corner . feel the top rung of the ladder with you leave foot . get it ? turn you body and down you go . exit shaft es yilt stop for a moment , look down . bartlett be there now with macdonald , Ashley - Pitt and merivale . then hilt rip the last few inch of dirt away . halfway house ale already cramme with body arrive ... leave ... sudden reaction . a slight draft . hendley it 's open ! excitement . . . . tunnel entrance shaft , 473 Men mile around . they too react as the cool air hit they . breathe easier . . zo ext . exit hole - night hilt 47h cautiously put he head up out of the hole , look around excitedly . suddenly freeze . another angle at . ten foot away be the goon tower . hilt ' head be naked between wire and forest . too short ! he gasp ... forsst tree 476 be ten foot away . some fifty yard away a sentry plod , approach ... hilt 477 appal , duck back . 146 . int . tunnel shaft exit - night ic 478 hilt 478 gasp to bartlett : hilt we be ten foot short . 479 face 479 bartlett , merivale , macdonald , Ashley - Pitt appal . silence . then : macdonald cyril ... : bartlett dammit , Mac , I be try to think : ( to hilt ) : can you be see from the goon tower ? hilt maybe - maybe not . 6 macdonald by we could postpone . wait till will - we have dig the last few foot . bartlett all the document be stamp for today . it 's now or never . ( to hilt ) how far be the tree ? hilt about ten foot . bartlett : 7 L ( to macdonald ) : pass the word back . ' twenty foot of rope . on the double , macdonald instantly obey . bartlett clamber up the ladder to look ... 480 full shot 480 along man lie wait in tunnel . nimmo what the devil 's the holdup ? '' cl ) hayne how the hell do I know ? o 4bl 482 483 147 . hatfkay house 481 stuff with man . blythe what the devil 's the holdup ? hendley how the hell do I mow ? voice ( muffle ) they want some rope . twenty foot : ' int . hut 104 - night close 482 a voice come up . from the trap . vcice rope . ' twenty foot . sorren what 's that for ? sedgwick _ how the devil do I know ? tnt , ramsey be '' room - night . ramsey . 483 look up as goff knock , enter . ramsey how 's it go ? goff some kind of foul up , I think , sir . ramsey . how many be out so far ? goff I do not think any . ramsey stare at he - glance at he watch , very perturb . : lc ) 484 485 486 487 488 489 490 14é . int . washroom 104 - 1ight sedgwick and sorren 484 get more nervous every moment . the man be very fidgety . int . tunnel - night halfway . house 485 too many man in the small area . the trolley trundle up . a man pass the rope . hendley and blythe pass it forward . voice . ( whisper ) phew , what a pong ! if they do not move soon , I be leave . we have only get fifteen minute to catch we train . voice look like we miss it . do not you thinit ? . ext . " harry be " exit hole - night hilt 4e6 peer up cautiously . . he Pov - the goon tower guard . 487 watch only into the camp ... . the two sentries : : 488 trudge along away from the hole ... hilt 489 slip out of the hole , uncoil the rope as he run , camera following , duck into the safety of the tree . sweating , ‘he give the rope e sharp tug . int . " harry " exit shaft - night bartlett 490 be hold the rope vhich be ettach to the top of the ladder . again the tug . quickly - to merivale . bartlett good luck . ( continued ) 491 496 149 . continued : 490 merivale I will look for you in Piccadilly . he climb out ... ext . " harry " exit hole - night merivale 491 fellow tie rope to hilt . whisper : merivale jolly good . ' night . hilt grin as merivale hurry off into the darkness . hilt check the sentries ' position , tug the rope again . in a moment Ashley - fitt slip out of the hole , head for hilt . hilt ' luck . again he check the sentries . another man sneak free . hilt check again - freeze . another angle - tee gocn tower guard 402 walk around he perch , look out over the’ hole . rilt vo . 493 hold he breath . : . the goon tower guard . 494 do warming exercise , then go back to he searchlight routine . hilt 495 sigh , jerk the rope again . another dim figure - pop up , hurvie inte the forest . int . watsroom 104 - night sorrek 496 come up to sedgwick . sorren . everyone 's in position . I will take over . you can get into you gear . what 's the count ? ( continued ) 496 ( C 4s7 150 . continued : 406 sedgwick . twenty three ready in the tunnel . sorren ( bend down near hole ) you ready for more , down there ? voice no ! what you think we be ? bloody . sardine ? sorren grin , see Danny and Willie . surprise , he go over to they . sorren you be way out of turn , be not you ? will we will go in a minute . sorren leave . danny I can not , Willie . do not wait . please . ( hard ) if you do not - I will not . : then you will have stop my escape . Danny stare at he . grimly he move into position . heavier shake as he look at the black hole . take hold . int . tunnel - night at top of dxit shaft - blythe 497 about to climb out of the hole , stop short and listen . hendley be right behind he . somewhere , far off , faintly , there be a rumble . blytke vhat 's that ? hendley Air raid somewhere . the siven of the camp start wail . ( continued ) = 497 458 151 . continued : 497 macdonald oh God ~ no ! the goons wiil pull the switch . at half - way house - willie , danny 498 arrive ir . tandem . the muffle sound of the siren be hear . willie ( barely audible ) Air raid ! Danny stiffen . the tunnel light go out abruptly . ext . compound - night hendley - blythe 499 at the mouth of the escape shaft see the searchiight start dimming and go out . hendley give I you hand , Colin ! the two scuttle elong the rope to hilt , hand in hand . 1 : . hilt ( jerk rope quickiy ) ~ take off buddy - this 's we lucky break ! int . " harry " tunnel - night 500 total darkness 500 there be a chorus of whisper . voice what 's happen to the light ? they have find we . who 's get a match ? let I out of here . easy , everyone , easy . I can not see a bloody thing . I can not stand it =- let I out . shut up ! shut he up someone . where 's a match ? o 501 502 503 152 . half - way house : . 501 cver the rise voice - cursing - a match flicicer . gee out . willie' voice ( frantic ) hang on , Danny . hang on . I have get another one . I 've. get another match here somewhere . a match light briefly . Danny be fight he panic , he face wet with sweat . the match go out again . Willie curse to himself . willie be voice I have get one more . I <-- here it ts . danny's voice give it to I . Danny light it . the tremble have stop . danny get on the trolley . we can get dozen we during this . pass the word ! willie you go first , Danny . I will - * dany go on ! I will caten up . I be all right . Quick . as Willie do so the match go out . blackness . willie' voice I will wait for you at the exit . ext . compound - outside wire - night bartlet ? 502 have clir 'ed out of the hole , stay by it as he heir - and hurriss - escapee out , start they towa.d hilt . int . barracks section - 104 - night sorren . 502 call in to the man jamme in the darkness of the room , beside they suitcase and blanket rell . sorren all right , lad . let 's go . it 's start to move . 504 505 506 153. int . " harry " - night half -way house 504 blackmess . din. curse : voice here 's a lamp . pass it on , Quick ! escapee' voice let 's have it . a match strike and the fat lamp be iit . escapee ( neld it ) pass the word . everyone look for a lamp and light it . pass the word . : another man go off on the forward trolley , escape . int. " harry " ext shaft - night macdonald 505 help the man through . Willie be wait for Danny who appear on the trolley . Willie start he up the shaft . willie ! . this , time , you first . fushes he upward , slap he on the rump . ext . exet hole - night danny 506 emerge from the hole .. bartlett be still there . there 's a@ moment pause as they look at each other . then : bartlett good luck , Danny . Willie appear and he and Danny go off toward hilt . reaching hilt , Willie and Danny pause . willie I will take over ! thanks ! hilt . plenty of time , old buddy ! I be anchor man . you beat it . luek ! Danny and Willie move off into the wood . 154 , int . washroom 104 - night {c ) 507 sedgwick ' 507 be go into the shaft with a large suitcase . sorren what have you get in there , a piano ? sedgwick ( dead pan ) hah , heh . sorren you 'ii never get that thing through . sedgwick I will cope . sorren can not be do . sedgwick do not worry about I , cobber . 6 he be gene down the shaft . a stooge at the window turn . x : sudder. warning whistle . everyone freeze . ext . compound - near hut 194 ° - night " 508 a hundfuhrer 7 . 508 - and he dog go past . int , washroom 104 - night 509 stooge 509 surn away from window . wipe sweat off . . stooge all clear . escapee ( to sorren ) who be the idiot with the steamer trunk ? sorren - the aussie , who else ? escapee ao I wish he be home with the ( ) kangeroos . 510 511 511a 514 ramsey 510 can stand the wait no longer . ramsey ( to goff ) see how thing be go , there 's a good chap . goff exit . int . " earry " - night entrance shaft 51l sedgwick get on a trolley with he suitcase . it 's a tight fit . he tug the rope and roll off . moving :s hot - sedgwick 511a move down the tunnel . 's a corner of he suitcase brushes the wall of the tunnel . the trolley lurch a inch more and the suitcase edge jam against the shoring . half 2 dozen board come loose and the sand come down . half -way house 512 sedgwick lock back to see what happen . escapee +( to sedgwick ) - get off . do not. waste time . sedgwick there 's be a cave - in , dammit . sedgwick hand the escapee he suitcase , get off the trolley and crawl back , camera following . he scrape the sand away until he find the shoring and start to make good the damage . a pileu ? of men : 513 start . curse . a single oil lamp flicker , ext . compound ~ full shot - night guard 514 stroll the silent compound unconcern , suddenly the '' 211 clear " siren begin . instantly the searchlight switch on . bartlett and four or five man can de see clearly for a instant beyond the wire . they be like a still - life - then they all dart away to the tree ... 515 we the ov 516a 517 518 156 . hilt : 515 blink with nervousness as bartlett , macdonald and the other hug the dirt near he . silence only break by they breathe ... — int . '' harry exit shaft - night a escapee 516 woit anxiously , hold the signal rope . light be on in the tunnel . half -way . house 516a sedgwick sveat in the floodlit tunnel , clear away the damage . ith the light on - calmness . ext . tree - night bartlett 51t get up , carefully look around . two sentries stroll along , turn they back . anothdr angle ( shot down from goon tower ) 518 the tower guard watch into the camp . behind he , hilt derk the signal rope . another man duck out of the hole , head for the tree , disappear . close ~~ ; 519 as bartlett take the rope from hilt . ' bartlett I will take over now . good luck . hilt : I have not a train to catch . : bartlett * sorry , you do not , it 's a long vay to walk . without papers . hilt ( grin ) I be not walling . macdonald ( nervous ) come on , cyril . . they all mow the drill . we be only in the way here . ( continued ) 157 . 519 continued : 519 ‘c ) bartlet ? 5 that 's a change , be not it ? ( smile at hilt ) you be all right , hiit . thanks . bartlett and macdonaid disappear into the wood . int . Hut 1¢4 - barracks - night 520 sorren 520 step over leg in the corridor and stop in the center . sorren let I have you attention everyone . you attention , please . we be run far behind schedule . that of you travel by train have probably aiready miss then . you will be able to catch train later but you will not be as far away as we would hope when the stuff hit the fan . if any one ane want to change he mind , ' now 's os you chance . '' : ( wait - silence ) all right , there will be a - further delay - there 's be a cave - in . . escapee : have not you any good news ? sorren yes . the last of the suitcase carrier have go through and we be about to start on the - - blanket brigade . that should make thing go faster , once we resume . sit tight , boy . sorren pick he way back to the washroom . a call come up from the trap . muffled voice hey - aloft . we be move again . cavendish here we go again , send they along . ) sorren hurry out of the washroom as cavendish go below . '' 521 522 523 524 525 526 527 528 529 158. int . '' harry " at half - way house - night griffith 521 arrive , shift to the next trolley as the first trolley be haul back , hurtle into tunnel . at entrance shaft 522 Men be come down the shaft . cavendish get on trolley and roll away . int . ramsey's room - night ramsey 523 pace up and down , glance at he watch repeatedly . ext . compound - outside wire - night hilt 524 watch as he hold the rope 's end . he tug it . a man come out . another tug . griffith come out of the hole , start to run toward the wood . he trip and fall flat on he face , make a thudding noise . two sentries 525 turn and look off 'in the direction of the wood . another guard appear . the three move closer as they talk . one sentry point up toward the wood . they stand listen . hilt 526 tense , hardly breathe , look off . griffith 527 lie prone , not stir a muscle ... int . " harry " exit shapt - night cavendish 528 hold the signal rope . cavendish come on cld boy , hurry up ! ext . fence - night the sentries : 529 as they listen . then the sentry who hear the noise in the first place start off toward the wood to investigate , hold he burp gun at ready . oo 532 533 534 536 159 . griffith 530 lie doggo on the ground as the german sentry come nearer . the Germen have be jook into the light for some timc and can not see clearly in . the increase darkness as . he ep- proaches the wood . he pass griffith , without see he , step on griffith ' outstretch hand . griffith flinch but do not move as the german go past . hilt 531 take as much cover as he dare without liove . he watch wide - eye as the german approach . german sentry 532 move cautiously to the edge of the wood , look ail about he tut do not see hilt in the shadow . he turn slowly and start back towards the fence . New griffich be between he and the light of the comround . he take a couple of step toward the compound , then stop , gasp ... he fov - portion of griffith ' body 533 silhouett against the light of the compound in the backgroun ? german sentry 534 as he eye widen . he approach griffith cautiously , then see clearly who he be , raise , he gun to fire position . : eilt , : 535 jump up with a yell - hilt do not shoot ! De not shoot ! german sentry 536 stand over griffith , whirl startle , cover hilt . behind he , griffith jump up . griffith do not shoot ! I give up . do not shoot ! the german sentry whirl back toward griffith . cavendish 's head por up out of the whole . the german , appal , shout inarticuiately . at the same time he gun inadvertently fire into the air . cavendish disappear , griffith raise he hancs . hilt take off into the wood . the german whirl , spray the forest ... ( oo 537 , 538 oe ‘os 539 540 160 , int . 104 - night full shot 537 sorren , haynes and the stocge be at the window - all freeze . hayne that appear to be a shot . sorren that be indeed a bloody shot . someone 's catch it . ( into the shaft ) hey down there . fass the word - everyone back from the tunnel . haynes hare out of the washroom . ' exd , MAIN gate - night guard 528 pour out of the guarchouse , hare for the searchlight that have zeroed in on griffith who stand paralyze , he arm ~ above he head . gutteral shout . a few isolate shot . int . ramsey's room - night ramsey ; : 53 ° react to the continue short burst of fire . very tired . very concerned . he get up , grimly erect . begins to exit . . . . int . " harry " - exit shaft - night cavendish 540 duck back into the tunnel . desperate whisper : cavendish jig 's up - the bloody goons ... he stare up petrify , as the sentry appear in the hole , stare cown at they , menace they with he burp gun . german ( shouting ) ' raus ! ' raus ! sofort ! he fire . a short warning burst into the earth . cavendish and the other pour up the ladder . very fast . some crouch back into the tunnel , petrify . 542 542 543 54h 161 . int , " harry " - night half - way house 541 a escapee be back out of the escape tunnel . now there 's the beginning of a real pile up . and panic . escapee bastard . they have knorm all along . they be plugging the blck as they have be come out . another escapee rot ! we would have hear shot before . the goons have just find the hole . a third escapee let 's get the hell out of here . he dive= for the trolley and start paddle back . entrance shaft 542 a escavee start back up the shaft to the washroom . one man be at the mouth of the tunnel shouting . escapee come. back : come back ! everyone back ! they have find '' Harry '' ! . he start to pull at the trolley rope . moving shot 545 a escapee on the trolley move back to the start of the tunnel . he scramble off and push as close to the ladder as he can . escapee ( to the other ) someone 's be shot back there . hurry . i.think the goons be come down the tunnel . there be someone just behind I . mouth of tunnel . 544 second escapee crawl out of the tunnel and shove toward the shaft , second .escapee hurry up ! the goons be come . I hear one just behind I . wc ) 545 546 é '' of 547 548 162. int . hud - 104 - night goff 545 be come out of the washrcom into the corridor . the block seem to be on fire . sorren come toward he through the smoke . goff where 's the fire ? sorren they be burn the papers . goff I hear some of the boy be shot . by goons come through the tunnei . I be get the hell out of here } goff run out . one or two escapee run after he . ext . compound = night goff and other 546 come tear out the door , the searchlight pick they you . Machine gun start to chatter . they run back througn the door . int . hut 104 - night . closs 547 as they come run back into the hut . sorren Change you mind ? goff would not you ? geff laugh but stop as the door burst open and strachwicc enter . he be carry a pistol in he hand . goes.tc the tunnel mouth , look down . ext . compcund - night von . luger 548 be nose - to- nose with griffith at the front gate . von luger 's collar be unbuttone and he have a pistol in he hand . at he side be posen with a great coat over he pajamas . ( continued ) ' 0 o 548 549 550 , 163. continued : 548 behind they , armed guard : in formation doudle - time from the guardhouse through the inner gate into the compound . a group head into the forest - sporadic gun fire , gutteral command . von luger be literally foam . von luger so , you do not want to stay in this camp , eh! cooler : ( shout at a guard - in german ) get ‘em all into appell ? I once . von luge ~ turn away and hurry toward the compound . posen shzke he head angrily , a stream of german ... at hut 104 549 pou be stream out to find the hut completely ringed by helmete armed guard . strachwitz's voice out. out. everyone out . ausgahan . schnell . each prisoner be make to strip to he underwear as he come out of the hut . strachwitz and the goons be rough with that who resist . . . . goff , . . : - 550 struggle to keep he pants . von luger enter ani point to goff . govier ! von luger ooler ? two armed guard march goff off as the goons start chivvy the other prisoner into three rank as von luger watch . A. prisoner it 's too cold to stand here like this + what sort of nonsense be you up to ? von luger point to he . von luger cooler , two guard march this prisoner after goff . as they do - ( continued ) o 550 551 552 164 , continued : : 550 another prisoner : coo , we be in a pet , be not we ? von luger point to he . von luger cooler . two guard march this one away , too . von luger draw he »xistol . von luger if there be any more disturbance I will personally shoot two of you . the ranic of prisoner quiet down , they eye on von luger . the whole camp be be shove into appell ... ramsey 551 join the lineup . he see sorren . ramsey ( whisper ) how many get ' out ? sorren ( whasper 's ) - do not know exactly , sir . maybe forty . von luger . 552 shaking with rage , dangerous , walk along the rank of man ... von luger you be go to stand there till we find out who 's miss . if it take ten hour ! do you understand ? if it take ten day ! be that clear ? if it take ten year ! do I make myself plain ? he come face to face with ramsey . a moment , then with @ great effort , von luger control himself . 553 o 554 555 556 165 . strachwitz 553 with the other ferret have not quite complete herding all of the prisoner into line . they be still stalling for time , milling about , pretend confusion . strachwitz grab a burp gun from a guard , lay a long burst of pullet just over the head of a group of the man . silence . immediate order as strachwitz jar in a new clip . noncom answer to you name , Adams ? Adams ?... arlen . arlen . a voice here . noncome baleen ? baleen ?... bartlett . bartlett ?... ext . military establishient - police headquarters - night series of shot 554 as light go on in building , phone be see be answerec . headlights of car and motorcycle glare as they turn out of entry way , roar off down desert street . dissolve to : ext . compound = daun , the whole camp " 555 be still at appell . surrounded by helmete wehrmacht Guards . ramsey in front . von luger in front of he . the last of the pow 's go through a team of man who have be make a photo-check , wearily join . the main body of pow 's . the senior non - com tally a slip of paper , give it to strachwitz , a ss man take the slip arrogantly , look at it , hand it back - stalk towards main gate . impassive , strachwitz glance at the slip , take it to posen . posen glance at it , give it to von luger . von luger 556 be erect , motionless . but he face be grey and he eye ved-rimmed . he read the slip . his face sag . von luger ( barely audible ) sech und siebensig ? o oo 557 558 559 560 561 raking shot ~ pow's 557 include sorren . whicper : voice how many ? how many get away ? over fifty ? I could not hear . I be the last . I see the figure ! well come on for God 's sake ! seventy six ! the number be take up , whisper with the whine of the wind . exultance = wave of excitement - but hold down . ramsey 558 listen . he hear the number . his face do not change . he stare at von luger who be look at he cully . von luger ( clear throat ) dismiss ! ramsey ( turn - a command ) dismiss ! full shot - the parade : - 559 salute , ramsey return it , then the pow 's break and collect into little group . grow roar of success ... von luger | : 560 and Germans march grimly out of the compound . int . live room - dawn telephone 561 grind into life . the room be german middle - class . decor . the only light be the cold gray dawn seeping through a curtain window . a man-come through a doorway lead to a becroom , tie he robe belt . his face be puffy with sleep and he hair be miss . as he pass 2 shaft of light - kuen ! kuen ( pick up receiver ) ja ?... stalag luft ?... und ?... und ? wieviel ? ( he voice tighten ) sech und siebensig ?... unglaublich ... ja ... ja ... gewiss . he slam down the receiver , hurry back to the bedroom . € > S 562 563 564 565 566 167 . ext . forest area - dann full shot 562 line of helmete soldier in full field pack , comb the undergrowth . a distant burst of machine gun fire . camera move to reveal Danny and Willie hide . they sneak deeper and deeper into the foliage . in the middle distance a guard start run - a dim figure flee ahead . burst of machine gun : voice ( faintly ) do not shoot - nich shiessen ! I give up ... oh Christ , johnny 's catch it ! the guard grab the dim figure , hurry he into the open . in a moment other guard carry out a badly wounded pow . danny . and willie 563 hare away . all around there be grim searcher . dog bay on the wind . dissolve to : ext . roadblock - MAIN intersection - early morning guard 564 halt traffic on a main road . military convoy : - civilian truck . beginning of a pile up . the main artery slow to a.crawl - each vehicle be search . ext . station at odin - early morning hendley , blythe 565 come down a@ small side road that approach the station . there be a sprinkle of people on the station platform , pace about as they wait for the train to arrive . hendley goide blythe towards the station wait room , nto it . * int . station waiting room - early morning hendley 566 look about the room aghast . two -third of the people be escapees. , all sit nervously , studiously ignore each other . among they be bartlett , macdonald , merivale , and Ashley - Pitt who glance absentiy at the new arrival as do other in the room . include the real Germans . hendley lead blythe out again . 'o ned 567 568 569 168. ext . odin station - early morning hendley 567 pull blythe back against the wall of the builce . blythe trouble ? hendley ( whisper ) the place be load with we guy . I guess everybody 's miss they connection and get jamme up here . I think we - he look eff . a police car be come down the road . it be move vast and blast its siren-horn to clear the way around a truck . hurriedly hendley take blythe and they duck into a doorway . int . waiting room - early morning pow's 568 react to the die siren . the police car be hear stop outside . a moment , then the door burst open and two police officer come in , look about the room . the escapee almost jump out of they skin as they attempt bland interest . the first policeman spot what he be look for - a telphone - and head for it . get he ' number he rattles off a long string of german . this cause @ murmur of excitement among the real Germans in the room . a woman sit next to merivale turn and speak to he in german . he nod enthusiastically - not understanding a word she say . as the woman turn back to listen to the policeman on the phone once more , merivale turn to Ashley - Pitt who be sit next to he , stare at he question - ly . during this , the policeman wait at the door , becom - ing aware cf merivale and Ashley - Pitt , regards they . suspiciously . the first policeman hang up the phone and head for the door , eall briskly for he associate to follow . escapee breathe inaudible sigh of relief . dissolve to : ext . ST. tion platform - day hendley , blythe . 569 the whistle of a approach train . . blythe where do we buy ticket ? o 569 570 571 572 573 574 575 169 . continued : 569 hendley on the train . take blythe 's arm , he guide he into position . ext . odin station - day bartlett and macdonald 570 make they way along the platform as the train pull in . the piatform crowd - civilian of all type , foreign worker , military personnel . the other escapee spread themselves as the train stop . passenger descend . other board . bartlett and macdonald move through the crowd look for a compartment . hendley and blythe bt2 get aboard a coach near the end of the train as do some other of the escapee . bartlett and macdonald 572 approach a forward car which have compartment that open to the outside . bartlett , open the door of ohe which seem empty , for macdonald , who get in quickly , freeze . four ss officer . 573 be side by side on the long seat . two be doze . one be read a manual . the other '' be clean he néil . the one clean he nail glance idly at macdonald . station master' voice . einsteigen . somewhere 2 whistle blow . int . compartment - day macdonald 574 stand in the aisle , paralyze . bartlett look down at the foot of one of the doze ss officer , glare at he and clear he throat loudly . the ss officer 575 who be clean he nail , nudge the sleeper who awaken , sit up , put he foot down . ss officer entschuldigen sie. ' o 576 577 _ 578 579 580 582 582 170 . bartlett and macdonald . 576 stow they luggage and overcoat and sit down , the ss officer read the manual light a cigar , look bartlett gat macdonald over with casual interest . bartlett take a fold Paris newspaper , lesoir , out of he pocket , whip it open , give macdonald half , start to read . the train start to move . int . coach - day hendley and blythe 577 sit near the rear of the car . as the train gain speed hendley look back through the window ... he Pov - moving 578 two pelice car pull up at the station . pelice pile out of the cave , hurry into the station building . hendley 579 exhales , lean back in he seat , study the other occupant of the sparsely fill car . the seat immediately around hendley and biythe be empty . ext . highway and railroad bridge - day the train . se 580 pass by - rattles across the bridge . that pass over @ small river . ' on the road parallel the track , Danny and Willie . trudge along . the sound of approach motor emerge from . the diminish sound of the train . Danny and Willie run off the road . under the bridge 581 Danny and Willie come down the embankment , hide under the arch of the bridge as a dozen military motorcycle zoom by overhead . the last of this have sidecar carry praca man . Danny glance off , react , run off . Willie ollow , ext . another fart of road - day full shot 582 the road be narrow and wind through a thick forest . hilt come up out of a deep ravine . stand at the edge of the road , he study its relation to the ravine . make some mental calculation , then take the piano wire from he pocket ( now tie together in one long ' single length ) anc crossing the road , tie one end of it to a tree . ( continued ) 582 583 584 585 586 587 588 589 171 . continued : . 582 he lay the wire sleck across the road on a bias to the edge of the ravine . pick up a heavy branch , he tie the end of the wire to the top end of the branch . the sound of approach motor . hilt grab the branch , run back to the cover of the tree beyond the ravine . place thc branch as a lever ard brace himself . the covey of motorcycle 583 that pavs Danny and Willie , come roaring around the corner in single file , stretch out now by the wind road . one by one the motorcycle zoom across the slack wire on the road . between the last and the next to last , hilt haul the wire taut . the motorcycle ( with sidecar ) carom along the slant wire and be deflect into the ravine . it disappear from sight , a thump be hear , then silence , except for the sound of the depart motorcycle . ravine - the two rider . 58 ! be sprawle in the ravine - out cold . ignoring they , hilt go directly to the motorcycle , go over it to see if it be seriously damage . almost tenderly , as if it be a friend who have take a fall . finally satisfied , he turn he attention to the inert Germans . tries one of the helmet on . too big . tries the other . it 's okay . ext . river edge = day . a tiny rowboat ' 585 bebs in the water . Danny and Willie rush down , Danny pick up the oar . Willie unty and shove off . ext . road = day full shot . 586 as hilt wheel he motorcycle out of the ravine , climb aboard . the outfit he have put together from the two Germans do not look too ill-fitting . hilt 587 start the machine . roar off . ext . curve - day full shot 588 as hilt barrel flat out into the turn , lose it , and fly across a ditch and plaster the motorcycle and himself onto a field . close 589 as hilt hop around the field in pain , hang on the he leg . he stop , look at the motorcycle reproachfully . dissolve to : 590 591 592 593 594 172 . ext . SMALL station - day the train 590 come to a stop . on the platform amongst the traveler be three policeman accompany by two armed member of the wehrmacht . the search begin . first the outside compartment . int . compartment - day bartlett and macdonald . 591 react . the door open and a policeman enter . he barely glance at the identity card offer by the ss officer . he study bartlett and macdonald 's papers carefully . police official frankreich ? bartlett oui. macdonald moi aussi . the official hand back they papers . official ( move on ) sehr gut ; int . rear coach - day full shot 592 hendley , blythe , merivale , Ashley - Pitt and the other wait - nervous - uncertain what be happen . ext . platform of SMALL station - day the conductor . 593 signal the engineer to proceed and then climb aboard the train as it pull out . int . rear coach - day close : 594 as the train pick up speed , hendley leave he seat , murmur to blythe : hendley think I would better see what 's go on . ( continued ) 594 595 596 597 .173 . continued : 594 he move through the door into the coach ahead . . blythe , ashley - pitt - and the other 595 wait tensely . in a moment hendley reenter the coach , tap blythe and lead the way back in the coach . as he pass ~ Ashley - Pitt he whisper : hendley tallyho ! Ashley - Pitt grimly decide to brazen it out , sit back firmly . as he do so , merivale get up , go into the w.c. and close the door , ext , rear platform - train - day hendley and blythe 596 come out . hendley Colin , we would never make the interrogation go on up there . he move blythe to the lower step on the side of the car . blythe squint at the rugge and precipitous countryside go by fast . blythe be we '' go to jump ? hendley I will tap you when . blythe I would prefer it if you would simply give I a sound push , old chap . a reasonably smooth section of the embankment come into view . hendley give blythe a heave . jump off after he . ext , railpoad track and wooded meadow - day hendley and blythe 4 hit the embankment . half run , half fall , they fly down the sloping embankment of the track to a crash stop at the foot of some tree . as the train go out of sight hendley pick himself up , go to blythe . hendley all right ? ( continued ) d597 599 174 . continued : : 597 blythe nod " yes " but inéicate with a gesture he breath be knock ovt . his glass be still on he nose - the glass shattered . his finger tell he he ciothes be badly tern . hendley go over he own rip and stain clothes . hendley ( continue ) ( disgust ) first we can not handle the language . now the papers you sweat over will not do we any good . I have really louse this up . blythe ( get he breath ) now what ? hendley ( sit down ) I de not know . let I think . ind , train - day coach 598 the train be slow down now as it swing into the turn cf a steep grade . the police be complete they ex - amination of ' the passenger . one of they go 's to the head of the car follow by the two soldier as the other finish he scrutiny of Ashley - Pitt 's papers . reap policeman ( hand they back ) sehr gut . ashley - pitt danke . - the first policeman notice the w.c. , knock , then try the door . it ts lock . policeman ( curtly ) ausmachen ! polizer ! sofort ! in the w.c. - merivale 599 react . he look about the tiny compartment anxiously , see a small hatch - type air vent in the roof above it . 600 601 602 603 604 605 606 175 . in the car corridor - the policeman 600 rap angrily on the door , tell the conductor to unlock the door . the door crash open . the w.c. be empty . the policeman look about the little room astonished . the conductor snap the handle of the door back and forth , venture the opinion it be not lock - only stick . the policemun accept this , move on . ext , 10p of train - day moving shot - merivale 601 lie flat on top of the train . he stare ahead - gasp . the front part of the train be enter a tunnel - a small storne - face oval which make a tight fit for the train . he : - watch the tunnel approach and as the car he be on go into it , the screen become obscure and then black with the boil smoke from the engine . after a few second , the train emerge from the tunnel into the sun light again and the smcke dissipate . merivale be go ! int . mouth of tunnel - day full shot 602 as . the smoke leave by the train swirl clear we see merivale hang by he hand from the wooden cross member that hold signal wire at the top of the tunnel . he drop to the track , observe he bruise . hand then take off up the cinder . '' ext . road - hill country - day moving shot - hilt 603 be move along sedately on he motorcycle . see some - thing ahead , he ease back on the throttle . moving Pov - a road block 604 many vehicle be line up in both direction as police search ' they , examine the papers of the irritate occupant . moving shot - hilt . 605 look about for some way to avoid this . there be none . assume a nonchalant air , he proceed . at the barrier - hilt 606 slow he motorcycle toa bare crawl and politely and casually weave it between the closely park double row of vehicle . as he squeeze he way by the examine gestapo man and police . ( continued ) é or 606 607 603 609 611 612 613 614 176 . continued : . 606 hilt Heil Hitler ! the man react mechanically . hilt continue slowly until clear of the vehicle , then pick up speed . moving seot - hilt : 607 , smile , pleased with himself . ext , big river - day full shot 608 a wide sweep of the broad river past a tower castle . in the middle , the tiny rowboat be go down stream . and , not far behind it , the tributary it leave . closer on rowpoat ~ danny , 609 be row , Willie fish happily from the stern . ext . wood - day ( wild dolly ) - sedgwick and two other escapee race through the wood in a desperate mun . behind they , the bay of dog ... another angle - the escapees . . 611 fight they way through '' the undergrowth , slip , half fall , get up , race on ... another angle - hundfuhrers and dog ~ 612 charge in pursuit . twenty or thirty soldier lope along , burp gun ready . one see something ahead , stop , fire a = burst . sedgwick and escapees 613 find themselves box in . no escape now . desperately they begin to fan out , toss they document away , compass , etc . one shin up a tree , another dart for a bush , get under , sedgwick desperately try to scale the rockface of the ravine ... another angle ~- hundfuhrers and dog : 614 burst out into the open . a soldier react , fire a burst of bullet ... o sy 615 616 617 618 61g 620 . 621 622 ltt . sedgwick 615 freeze as the bullet spray around he . miraculously he be unhurt . . another angle - full shot 616 as all the escapee be herde together . roughly . ext . river - day german pasrol boat 617 have a tug with a string of barge stop . Police search . the beginning of a foul - up in the river - the barge get tangle . curse . in the distance , another patrol boat scurries after a freighter . in the far distance the tiny rowboat head down stream . ext . g?stapo headquarters - day car . 618 full of ss man take off to join the search . ext . military barracks - day troops 619 hurry out - in column - or in truck to join the search . ext , huge station - Day - . full shot . 620 there be a monumental foul - up as police and ss man block train , check pass . line of patient - and impatient - civilian . . exd . bavarian town - day intersection 621 road go in several direction . maze of sign include temporary military marker use code designation as well as norm.l place and distance route sign . a police car , half hicden , be park nearby . hilt 622 pull to a stop , study the sign - all of which be unintelligible to he . decide on a route , take off . 623 624 625 626 627 628 629 178. the police 623 watch as hilt leave . second intersection - hilt 624 be again confront with a forest of sign . make another | blind choice , turn to the leave . the police car 625 one of the policeman get the other 's attention , point . hilt 626 have make a circle , come back to the same intersection he have just leave , stop , confuse . behind he the police car pull out , start toward he . see they , hilt take off again . the police car sound its siren . hiit open the threttle . . series of cut 627 as hilt lose the police car , broadside the motorcycle and sidecar around sharp turn and into narrow side street . finally get a road out of town , lose the chase police car . temporarily . ext . road - Day merivale a . 628 march along at a good clip . he step ' aside as a good quality car pass , stop . a moment 's indecision , then merivale brighten as he realize the driver 4s offer he a ride . . ext , CITY on the river - day fill shot 629 string of barge and other river traffic work up river . the little rowboat go by they on its way down river . Danny 's head be bent as he bend to the oar in a steady long stroke . willie spell you for a turn . Danny shake he head . then stop row momentarily , look baci . danny ( a warning ) Willie ! ( continued ) 629 630 631 632 633 continued : : 629 Willie look bac , take out a pipe , light it , and hold the fishing line : police launch 630 overhaul the rowboat . on the rowboat - willie 631 hold up a string of fish , wave | the patrol boat away with a irritate gesture which say '' do not scare away the " fish " . the launch veer off and speed away . willie amazing the courtesy one fisherman show another . ( react to string of fish ) Danny , can not I chuck them overboard - they be get dreadfully ripe . danny when you catch some more ! vaillie put the fish back down in the bottom of the boat . turn he head to the wind . . ext . road _- opew country - day - . full shot . . 632 the road rise sharply and drop off sharply as it turn . hilt come tear over the rise in the motorcycle and sidecar , climb the hill , go down the other side where he turn off the road suddenly and disappear into the tree , where he be completely hide . the german police car hurtle in pursuit , bounce up and down the hill and almost turn over on the turn at the bottom of the hill . ext , wcoe - day rilt | / 633 watch the depart car . thinks for a moment . nod he head . then begin to unhook the sidecar . dissolve to : o 634 635 636 637 180 . int , train compartment - night bartlett , 634 and macdonald stretch tirediy . bartlett nod to macdonald who go to sleep . now the compartment be crowded . blind down for blackout . a few sleepy passenger watch he curiously . int . corridor ( another part of train ) - night ashley - pitt 635 sit on he : suitcase in the jamme corridor , grimly try to sleep . Beyond he , cther escapee try to make themselves inconspicuous . the train begin to slow . another station . ext , station platform - night guard , police , ss men 636 be already herding . passenger - to- be into line for identity check . hundred of security guard - hundred of mutter , cursing civilian and troops go or come on leave . announcement ( in german ) all leave cancel . all Soldiers be to report back to they barrack . immediately . disgruntle Soldiers begin . to shove back . more foul up . int . gestapo headquarters - night 8s . officer 637 one of kuhn 's ghoul , sit at a desk . behind he , a bare room - odd lighting - sinister - chill . beside he a gestapo man in civilian dress . sedgewick stand before they . ss officer where be you go , sedgwick ? sedgwick I have not quite decide . ( continued ) 181. 637 continued : 637 ss officer what information be you to collect on the way ? ( sedgwick laugh ) what sabotage direction do you receive ? ( sedgwick laugh again ) wheat have you do with you papers ? sedgwick paper ? ss officer forged papers and identity card . do not be stupid . what do you do with they ? sedgwick ( hard ) all I have do be escape from a prison camp . you would do the same if you would be lock up for . three year . for ss officer iat " you be wear civilian clothes . oo you be a spy . spy be shot . : sedgwick this be my uniform . I have to recut it when I lose weight . then I dyed it with boot~ polish to cover some oil smear I picked up when I be shot down . ss officer and you lose you insignia over the year ? sedgwick too right ! the ss officer nod to the police official who press a button on he desk . a police guard enter and wait . ss officer ( in german ) fut he with the other . send in the next . sedgwick be take out . o ' s:dissolve to : i. ) 638 €39 182 . int . conridor ~ night a cell door : 638 have a large S scrawle in chalk on it . the guard come down the corridor with sedgwick and a warder carry a ring of key . the warder open the door and the guard push sedgwick into the cell . int . cell - night sedgwick , 639 enter and the door be slam shut behind he . the cell be fill with escapee -. more than a score . : escapee hello . can not say I be heepy to see you again , . escape 2 just pick up ? sedgwick this morning . escapee 1 you have set the record so far , if that 's any comfort . most of we be pick up the first day . sedgwick what be they go to do - with . we ? escapee 2 do not you see the S on the door ? they be send we back to sagan . sedgwick that 's not so bad . escapee 1 unless the S stand for schiesen . escapee 3 they be not go to shoot anyone ! they always say that ! ( continued ) 639 640 642 643 645 '' 183. continued : 635 sedgwick why do not we ask the goons and settle it ? escapee 3 we do . he say it stand for '' shut up " . ext . road - night hilt 640 be hole up in the brush near . a road . he be grimly try to masticate some " iron ration " . he swallow ea piece gamely . wished he have not . react as a column of troop truck begin to go past , sink deeper into cover . issolve to : ext . large railroad station - day full shot 6ht the platform be crowded with troops - civilian - cordon off as-everycne be i.d. check by the police . the train pull into the station , stop . ' bartlett and macdonald ' , 642 leave the train , start for the exit .@ate to the station wait room . - a line have form at the. gate where police - be check papers . bartlett and macdonald get in line . ashley -pitt . 643 is. still on the train . a detachment of police move through the car . they check he identity card , move on . Ashley - Pitt look out the window of the car , react violently to : kuhn 644 be stancing on the platform , accompany by police and two ss man . his back be to the line where bartlett and macdon2 ié ere , as he eye search the platform . ashley -? itt 645 , go to the door of the car . look off at bartlett and macdonald , then at kuhn , uncertain what to do . 646 647 648 649 652 184 , kuhn 646 turn teward Ashley - Pitt who shrink back into the car vestibule as he and the ss man walk down the side of th : car , stop directly cpposite the door . bartlett 647 in the line , glance back briefly at the train . at that tnstant kuhn look in he direction , stop as if shot . bartlett glence away , not have see kuhn . kuhn pull out he revolver , hurry towards bartlett ... ashley - pitt 648 jump down from the train , hurl himself at kuhn in a fly rugzer tackle , pole - axe he down , grab at the gun . violent struggle . kuhn fire at Ashley - Pitt , miss as ashkley - Pitt jerk the gun into kuhn 's chest . the gun go off as ss man try the drag Ashley - Pitt off . in the melee , Ashley - Pitt break away -- flee down the platform ... bartlett and macdonald 649 lock bee ! : startle . appall , they notice the ss man group around kuhn 's body , and one ss man run through the crowd after someone . they react , duck out of line , into the vestibule , across the far platform ... another . angle - bartlett and macdonald 650 get through the train and down the other side onto the track , run.away ... ashley - pitt / : 651 '' hare down the platform in escape as ss man shout to the crowd to get out of the way . exasperate , one of the ss man fire in the air . the crowd scatter . then he aim at Ashley - Pitt , fire a short burst .. ashley - pitt '' slam against the train as the bullet cut he across the back . he stagger on a step or two , collapse , blood stream frer he mouth . ss man and crowd surround he . gutteral voice : voice ( in german ) what the hell 's go on ? one of that damned escapee ... impossible ... certainly look like it ... get away from here ... ( continued ) 652 653 654 185 . continued : , : 652 a ss man turn Ashley - Pitt over roughly . ss man you name ? you name ? ashley - pitt ( imperceptibly - - dyin z) Lt. Commander ashiey - pitt. dso . rn. ext . railroad yard - track - highway bridge - Day bartlett - macdonald ' 653 run full speed . they weave between the car and engine sit on the siding track of the yard , make taeir way across a steel bridge span a highway and down the stair to the street level . pause there , they look back , see the police have lose they in the yard , then hurry down the street . . around the corner - electric two - car interurban train 654 partly fill with people , be ready to. pull out from its start platform adjoin the station building . casually , bartlett and macdonald get on the front car , sit on the far side at a open window . the motorman : clang the be21 in preparation to start . voice halt doch aie locomotive , bitte . bartlett and macdonald look off . a gestapo motor car be park on the far side of the train . two man get out of the motorcar , come over to the train . politely , pleasant y . gestapo man ( pleasantly - to bartlett / nacdonald ) ausweise , bitte . bartlett and macdonald hand he they papers . gestapo man ( continue ) ( examin . papers - smile ah franzoesisch ? bartlett jawcehl . ( continued ) 654 ' o 186 . continued : 654 gestapo man com merchantes ? bartlett mais oui . vous parlez francais ? gestapo man un peu . bartlett votre accent est tre bon . gestapo man je l'ai estudie dan l'ecole superieure , ( return papers ) eh bien . passez . he gesture to the motorman to go ahead . bartlett merci . cdonald merei. ms the train begin tc move slowly . gestapo man ( to bartlett ) au revoir , monsieur . bartlett au revoir . the gestapo man smile at macdonald , softly : : gestapo man '' good luck , chum ! macdonald > thanks . instantly , macdonald react with sicken horror at he slip . gun now cover they . gestapo man halt ! ( snarl at bartlett and macdonald ) out ! immediately ! 655 ‘o 656 C oo 657 187 . int . gestapo headwuarters - night list of escapees 655 be tack onto a wall . alphabetical order . alongside - date of capture . mcst.on Day one . all the name be ringed , except hilt , hendley , blythe , bartlett , macdonald , Danny , Willie and merivale . camera reveal the ss officer . sit at a glisten desk sorting out report . grim . the phone ring . ss officer ja? ( listen - smile sardonically ) wunderschn . he replace phone , ring bartlett and macdonald on the list , exit . . int , gestapo headquarters - outer office ss officer 656 enter . camera reveal bartlett and macdonald . both be manacle . they have be rough up . . ss officer we meet again . bartlett and macdonald stare at he stonily . ss officer ( continue ) . ( hard ) - you be go to wish you never . put we to all this trouble . ( snap in german ) solitary confinement ! bartlett and macdonald stare at he . . ext . river - night danny and willie 657 be in the tiny boat , soft asleep , in the rush that border the river bank . SOUND of searcher . flick of flashlignt . Danny wake without move . a touch and Willie be awake . SOUND of searcher come nearer . Danny pantomime - shall we shove off ? Willie shake he head . they sink deeper into the boat . flashlight seek . dim figure . helmeted soldier , a bird be flushed suddenir , whirl away with beat wing . a burst of trigger happy machine gun ... dissolve to : ' o 658 659 660 661 662 663 188. ext , atrfield - day ( dawn ) full shot a satellite field accommodating small general purpose and training aircraft . hendley and blythe ' 659 wear mechanic 's overall , stroll up to the nose of a junker trainer that be line up with several other . quickly hendley take a crank from a locker on the side of the plane , insert it near the back of the engine , stand blythe next to it . '' 3 hendley ( quickly ) . when I give you the word , you crank . after she start do not move until I come for you or you will get a mouthful of propeller . 658 hendley get into the plane , study the control and switch . hendley ( continue ) blythe crank and the motor catch . hendley jump . out of the plane and run to blythe 's side , hurry he to the cockpit . he leok off as shout start . contact ! he Pov - a sentry , . 660 be gesticulate , shouting at they . two german mechanic 663 come out of a nearby hangar , react - they start hurry toward they . then , as hendley gun the plane - they begin to run . hendley spin the plane , take off straight down the taxi strip , struggle into the air . ind . plane cockpit - day hendley 662 shake he head at the wild takeoff . level the plane . series of cut 663 as hendley drop the plane down into a valley until he be barely skim the ground . approach a ridge , zoom up over 1 + , drop down again , follow the valley under cover of the ridge . ( continued ) 664 665 666 189 . continued : 665 hendley ( adjust compass ) next stop Switzerland . the motor cough . hendley frown , adjust the throttle . it cough again . the valley have begin to narrow . hendley barely maintain altitude as the engine continue to lose power . hendley ( continue ) not get fuel ... frantically check control ) get to be a booster pump somewhere ... the encine cough , sputter . hendley ( continue ) do you know the german wear for pump or booster or fuel ? blythe no . rendley locate a lever , put biythe 's hand on it . hendley ' ' God know what this be , but pump it like hell . ( engine stop ) never mind . just hang on . ext , highway - day full shot 664 the plane skim over some house , set down hard on a narrow highway . bounce , disappear behind a clump of tree . ext , fieid - day closer 665 the plane go off the road , plow through the field erash into a ditch . ext , plane - day hendley 665 shakily crawl out of the cockpit . pull blythe after he . the plane begin to burn - a sudden explosion whirl hendley off he foot ... 667 668 669 670 671 672 673 190 . another angle - hendley 667 as half blind by the flame , not grab blythe pull he to safety . over come the scream of police siren , faintly excited gutteral voice . shakily hendley peer over the break wing . he Pov 668 a line of german soldier run toward they . hendley - blythe hendley look around desperately . - hendley ( urgently ) run for the tree . without think , he take off , he line of retreat cover by the wreck .. blythe iook around helplessly -- start run , but instead of run to the tree , he run into the open . a crackle of machine gun . blythe crumple . eendley 670 stop run . stare back aghast . then , leave the safety of he own retreat , head for blythe -- kneel | beside he . over come shout in german of " hand up " . ' blythe I be sorry ' I mess it up for you , hendley . he die . hendley get to he foot grimly , raise he hand . ext . hapbor - day ( dusk long shct 671 the harbor be fill with a variety of shipping , and the oes erane of a work yard be silhouett against the sky . the tiny rowboat 672 dissolve to : move between the tower merchantmen . Danny and Willie stop at the stern of one , crane they neck to see where she hail from . Pov ~- the ship' stern 673 which bear the name : '' nil halvorsen , trondheim " . 674 675 676 191 . close on rowboat . 674 as it bob in the water under the stern of the ship . willte swedish ! danny could be goons on board . willie shall we chance it ? danny get to . can not row this out to sea . a shower of garbage descend on they . willie ( outrage ) hoi. willie' bov 675 at the. ship 's rail a cook be lowering he empty slop tub and raise a full one . willie' voice ( louder ) hoi ! . the. cook look . down . . near th ship be stern - danny 676 pull the rowboat out to where they can communicate with the cook . willie sprechen sie deutsch ? - ( no answer ) danny czi pan roscmawa po polsku ? ( no answer ) willie ( finally ) do you speak English ? ( continued ) 676 677 ig2 . continued : 676 danny ( horrible accent ) parle vous francais ? no response from the cook . willie ( to Danny ) do you know any other language ? danny I do not even know that one . they look off to see a ' patrol boat approach . it fly the Reich flag , carry gun mount forward and be manned - 's py navy personnel . Danny and Willie exchange glance . a- decision . then Danny look up at the rail and make the V for Victory sign . ‘he cook disappear . a moment . later , he head be back with that of another man who grin down and make the V for Victory sign . a line come over the side and dangle beside Danny and Willie who grab it and start pull themselves up . on the deck - a officer 677 come t> the rail beside the two man with the rope . from he manner it be apparent that he have observe what be -go on and it be also apparent that the two crew - man be not certain that he reaction will be favorable . as Danny and Willie come over the rail , they fece the officer who study they , expressionless . he look at the patrsi boat which be come around the bow of the ship now , and then back at Danny and Willie who stand before he un - certainly . then the officer , move quickly , seize a heavy piece of iron from the deck and drop it into the rowboat . from this height it plummet straight through the bottom , leave a gape hole . the water - logge row - . > doat sink to its gunwale , become practically invisible . in the siop of the wave on the water . the Naval patrol boat back down to a stop alongside the merchantman . Danny and Willie duck down to the deck . on the patrol boat a officer call out . german officer faben sie einen plilmen kahn &isehen ? swedish officer ich sprache nicht deutsch .. ( continued ) 193 . 677 continued : 677 lo ) german officer ( make row motion ) ruderboot . ( hand close together ) {hold up . two finger ) Zwei mamner . klein . the slight grim smile come over the swedish officer 's face as he watch the german hold he arm outstretch with he two finger rigid in a unaware V for Victory sign . swedish officer ( with strong accent - make gesture ) V for Victory ? the naval officer drop he arm with a loud expression of disgust . order he boat . underway . german officer ( mutter ) es trottel !! os . . ( a beat ) so inen bloedsinn dass er mich nicht verstehen will . the powerful patrol boat spin on its stern , roar away . the swedish officer again make the V for Victory sign after it . this time viciously , meaningfully . he turn to Danny and Willie . | swedish officer | . English ? ( Willie nod - slowly ) I speak oniy few word English . one be -- ( he smile warmly ) - welcome . dissolve to : 678 679 680 681 682 194 , int , cell - gestapo headquarters - night : sedgwick 678 end other pow 's be uncomfortable , asleep . the cell door siam open . ss guard , jailer : ss man wake up ! you be all go now . back to camp ! schnell ! he roughly wake a few and they be all herde out , grumble , cursing ... dissolve to : ext , gestapo headquarters - night a truck 679 be wait . sedgwick and the other - now handcuff - be herde onto it . strangely , only a guard . sedgwick , the last , react angrily as he be shove . but the butt of the ss man 's rifle cut short he protest . he glance off - gasp ... he Pov - other pow's 680 be be herde into two other truck . among they be bartlett ... or be it ? sedgwick oo , 681 . sedgwick hey - I think I see cyril ! pow 's ( crowd ) where ? over there ? could not be ! you sure ? but the ss guard drive they from the tail gate . then two ss man get into the back of the truck , jerk they safety catch off ominously ... another '' ngle - the three truck 682 begin t~ move . head out ef the gate . only a single car with armed ss. man per truck . minimum security pre- caution . 683 684 685 686 687 688 689 690 195 . ext . roadside Beer parlor _- night full shot 683 a few -car and army truck be park . glimmer of light as people come out , go in through the blackout curtain . overhead be the drine of bomber . distant crackle of ack ack . a shadow move . rilt 684 be under a military car siphon off some gasoline into a motorcycle 's spare gas can . now it be full . he screw on the stopper , pocket the length of rubber hose . before he crawl away he jab he pocket knife into one of the tire . Air hiss out . ext , lonely second highway - night a truck a 685 with its single guard - car travel at high speed . int , back of truck _- night '' bartlett - macdonald 686 and several other escapee be sit with they back '' against the side . all be handcuff . very alert ss man watch they . all the pow 's be drowsy , beat . : ext. another - highway - night . the other two truck , 687 with they single attendant guard -car ... int . first truck - night . more drowsy pow's 688 try to sleep fitfully . ss guard . , int , second truck - night more drowsy poww' 689 as before . dirty . very tired . ss guard . ext . a intersection - night the two truck 690 break they tandem . one truck and its guard car go leave , the other right . Far off , searchlight seek the maraudirz night bomber . dissolve to : '' or o 691 69° 196 . ext , german countryside - night bartlett truck 691 go more slowly now . ahead be a enormous arched stone viaduct - like bridge . ant . back of ' truck - night . bartlett 692 be awake , the rest asleep . his face mirror grave concern . he do not notice macdonald study he . macdonald cyril . immediately bartlett 's concern evaporate . bartlett can not you sleep ? macdonald what 's bother you ? bartlett ( after pause ) well , I suppose I 'ma little > surprise . I expect a long stay in solitary at ' least . or a single short trip . . macdonald ( smile ) so you will have to stay with we . / be that so bad ? bartlett ( smile - then : ) just concerned about 'all of you . and all the rest . hope I have not blott seventy six ledger . macdonald ( easily ) we be all over twenty one . Foot loose and fancy free . beat we would never have do it without you . ( smile ) for what it 's worth , I think you do a damn good job . 197 . / 692 | continued : . '' 692 ‘o the truck turn sharply , begin to slow . bartlett react : bartlett ( to ss guard - in german ) where be we ? have we arrive ? ss guard ( curtly - in English ) here you will stretch you leg . five minute . it will be hour yet to reach sagan . macdonald brighten . bartlett 's face be impassive . the truck stop and the ss guard motion they out . ext . gorman . countryside - night 693 bartlett truck 693 be on the dirt road which lead under the viaduct - fifty yard or so off the highway . the pow 's get down awkwardly - of course , still manacle . the guard motion they off a . few pace . he be join by other guard . all carry burp on gun . watchful . bartlett - macdonald oo 694 bartlett look up at the night . . distant ack ack . other pow 's stretch tiredly , chat quietly . : bartlett I enjoy be alive . '' Harry '' and " Tom " and all the other keep I alive . I have never be happier . . ( after pause ) . you know , Mac ... 695 close shot - the ss men 695 simultaneously they jerk they gun up - spray a long burst '' 2 bullet in a swath . the chatter carry over oo : 696 697 698 699 700 " 701 702 . 198 . ext , another type of german countryside - night full shot 696 a crackle of machine gun - fainter . nearby be park the second of the pow truck . the crackle of gun carry over to : : ext , a third german countryside - night long shot 697 the third truck . park . the faint machine gun fire cut as abruptly as it start . a grim face ss man be collect - ing shovel . he alone move in the whole vista . dissolve to : ext . road - near swiss border - day hilt 698 come over the rise . stop . it be very quiet . the motorcycle engine tick smoothly . he Pov - ahead 699 be a small town . roadblocked . Guards - a armored car - moteorcycle soldier , Beyond be the border town and _ beyond that , the mountain . freedom . the guard see he . hidt . 700 look around . then grimly he buckle he helmet ; jerk the motorcycle into motion . another angle on roadblock - the guard 701 react . the armored car 's machine gun cover hilt as he approach . < a sentry jump up , a hundred yard from the roadblock , challenge hilt . he gain speed . then the armored car open up with the machine gun ... hilt 702 swerve , cut off the road , careen on to a track as other motorcycle and car try to head he off . hilt race , swerve , cut through a clump of tree , soar off a rise , hold he machine erect as it buck like a wild horse . follow be a burst of bullet . hilt backtrack for the road , the other follow wildly ... 703 704 705 706 707 708 709 710 199 . hilt - racing dolly 703 as he drop -a gear and accelerate violently . bullet spray the dirt and ricochet off the bike . he skid eruelly on the dirt and make the road as three german motorcyclist turn a corner , race to intercept . hilt open the throttle and scream away , the german motor - eycle pursue . ext . walled border town - day ts 704 broadside a corner , approach . the lead german motorcycle hit a wet patch , skid and a murderous pile up happen - the two other bike smash into a wall . high walled road - hilt 705 throttles back as he come to a intersection . Beyond , over a small wall be the swiss border and the swiss guard and the open read anc dwarf they = the alps. freedom . erighten , he turn leave -- walled road 706 hilt race down the tunnel like read turn right . cul -de-sac ! he turn , race down to the next turn - again turn right . this road lead he around in a circle . another angle - hilt 707 stop , almost frantic for now the alp be right -- again block . over come the SOUND of approach siren . he race off , turn right in a nightmare dash . another rgad - hilt 708 race , turn leave . skid to a stop as again he hit a cul - de-sac -- the alp be now leave again . the siren be loucer . he backtrack . scream right , then leave . hilt . 709 impotently slow as he grind into another cul - de-sac . now the siren be loud , he look back - he Pov - soldier - police 710 have converge . block he escape . 711 712 713 714 200 , hilt . 711 instantly turn , jerk the throttle open and aimost kamakez - .s into the mass of man , motorcycle and car . the soldier scatter - some be plow under as he smashes into they , then riccochet off a car . the bike careen into the sky - hilt fly off , fall half across a car , get to he foot snakily , surprised he 's still alive . then he see the four inert Germans , two other who be in agony , badly hurt , smile grimly .. Soldiers jerk the action of they burp gun . hilt raise one hand = the other flip he collar insignia . german amerikaner ! hilt raise both hand - wait . ext . sidewalk cafe - toulouse - day a german staff car 712 pull up to the curb . two german army major and a german colonel get out , cross the sidewalk and sit down at one of the table . the cafe terrace be desert except for the waiter who approach the german officer with every sign of pleasure and a lone occupant of a nearby table read a-newsparer . the waiter bow and smile as the three german officer make themselves comfortable . waiter bon jour , messieur , bon jour. oo " a major * bon jour , mon ami . 's colonel bon jour , aristede . ' waiter encore le meme choose ? ' colonel oui , le meme choose pour tous . close : I 713 on the newspaper courier De toulouse be lower . merivale look at the german officer , make a mov2 as though to get out of there , think better of it . hide behind he paper again . the waiter 714 be at the bar as the proprietor pour three glass of cognac . he take the tray and go back to the sidewalk where he serve the officer . waiter service . the waitsr now head for merivale . ( continued ) 714 0 715 201 . continued : 714 _ waiter ( continue ) monsieur , merivale oud ? ' : waiter telephone . merivale ( cover he surprise ) telephone ? . waiter oui , monsieur . par ici , s'il vous plait . merivale ( nervous - suspicious ) pour moi ? 's vous ete - uh - sur ? waiter oud , monsieur . suivez moi , stil vous plait . — the waiter pause till merivale get up nervously , then lead he into the cafe . . : a une . cafe - day the waiter 715 lead merivale into the empty cafe and around the bar to a telephone on the shelf . waiter voila , monsieur . the waiter 6 lance at he watch and then at the street ©.S. as werivale join he behind the bar and pick up the phone . merivale allo ? all ? merivale see something at he foot behind the bar . c 716 717 718 719 merivale's Pov 716 of the proprietor crouch behind the bar . merivale turn <> the waiter . merivale ( point ) er - uh - qu 'est - ce-que -? before merivale have a chance to finish , the waiter grab he and force he down behind the bar . ext . cafe - day a car 717 cruise slowly past the cafe . there be a burst of gunfire . the bar window dissolves and the three german officer slump to the table and fall to the floor . the car pick up speed . int . cafe - day merivale 718 the waiter and the proprietor behind the bar . merivale dite moi - dite moi que - look I do not speak french very well . do either of you speak English ? waiter a little . merivale I be a british officer . I have escape from prison camp . I be try to cross the border to Spain . do you understand ? can you help I ? no . but I know same who can . dissolve to : ext . mountainside - day ( dusk ) a dim group of figure 719 approach . as they come up the rise - behind they roll hill - they be see more clearly . one be merivale , the other be french in the beret of the maquis . they point forward . then they faint voice : ( continued ) 719 720 721 the boy consider this . then : 203. continued : : 719 voice adieu m'sieu . bon chance . they turn and leave merivale . alone . merival 720 be very tired . ' Travel stain . he peer into the grow darkness , footstep . another angle - a SMALL spanish boy 721 . appecr . Beyond he be the Pyrenees . boy you be the English officer ? merivale yes. boy I be you guide , senor . merivale ( tired smile ) welcome , young sir , very . much welcome . . boy ( study he , then point off ) that be Spain . merivale yes . but it 's more than that - to I . boy where do you come from - back there ? mertivale some would call it hell - some would call it life . ( beat ) - I would call it the past . ( continued ) 7al 722 6 723 continued : ; 721 boy ( after pause ) my father say the past be the present , and a little of the future , but live today as always . merivale ( gravely ) | he be a wise man . ferhaps other can be as wise . the boy study he , then smile a little smile . long . shot 722 now there be only the mountain and the cloud-fillec dusk and the tiny figure of the man and the boy on the breast of the mountain . they crest together . man and boy . gently . into freedom . dissolve to : lm , von luger' office - day von luger 723 be sit at he desk , look at a sheet of paper . he do not loox up as ramsey enter . he do not return he salute . he do nothing except stare at - the paper , - he face sag . von luger ( almost inaudibly - under great stress ) eleven more of you man be be return today . ramsey who ? von luger I do not have that information . ( pause ) I .- I be direct - by higher authority to inform you that - that fifty of you officer be shot while escape . ( continued ) 723 724 725 205 . continued : 723 ramsey ( appal ) fifty ? von luger yheir - they effect will be return . ramsey ( pause ) how many be wounded ? von luger ( offer he paper ) here be the name . of the dead . ramsey ( harder ) how many be wounded ? von luger none . ramsey 's face close , von . luger ( continue ) . they - the higher authority just direct I to inform you that fifty be -- ramsey murdered ! he coldly take the paper , exit without salute - without clese the door . ext . compound _- MAIN gate - day ( dusk ) a truck - : t24 approach . stop outside the gate . the remainder of the escapee , include hendley ( exclude hilt ) , tiredly get out . pow 's inside the wire begin to collect . the main gate swing open and the man walk in . ext , headquarters ramsey 725 come out on to the veranda , stop , glance off to see the arrival . then he begin to read the list . impassive . 206 . 726 another angle - a gestapo car 726 '' CO approach , stop . two gestapo civilian and ss guard get out and enter the headquarters building . pass ramsey , @ look between they . he exit toward compound . ext . compound 727 ' the pow 's 727 mill around the returnee . hendley be there . ramsey walk up -- he face a mask . hello , hendley ! hendley ( sense ramsey 's inner misery ) what 's the matter , sir ? ramsey they shot fifty . murdered they . _ rendley : wat ? ( appal ) rv at ? ramsey turn to sorren . . . ramsey Post the list . sorren stare at it , horrify , then exit . hendley cyril ? 1 ramsey : yes. . ( beat ) what happen to Colin ? hendley he buy it -- cyril be right . but the fifty ! what a waste ! ramsey study hin . as grave . sound of a car approach - they look off . 728 729 730 731 732 733 - 734 735 207 . ancther angle - a military car 728 stop outside the main gate . hilt get out under guard . he head for the gate -~ look off , react . hendley and ramsey 729 also stare off . another angle - von luger 730 hatless , be come down the step of the headquarters Building he arm behind he , escort by the gestapo and ss man . posen follow - white and nervous . the main gate guard half begin to salute , stop appal as they see . von luger 's wrist be in handcuffs . at the gestapo car he stop , look at ramsey . ramsey - hendley 732 ramsey stare back , stonily . and hendley . pow 's 732 near the list . stare at it , stunne . then sorren turn -- see the gestapo man . other see they . the whole group begin to move to the main gate . ominously . a mutter of anger . gestapo men ' , 733 react . '' the beginning of fear . one. look around , then see hilt , alone , outside the fence . gestapo man you ! get in the camp ! at onee ! go! hilt walk over , gestapo man ( continue ) I say in the canp , dumkopf ! hilt suddenly belt he . guard . 73h react , startle . . ss mew 735 jerk they gun around . posen be petrify . 736 - | 737 738 739 - gf a tho I | '' hy 208. pow be - ramsey - hendley 736 surge forward to ring the gate . the beginning of a angry roar and preparation for a suicidal rush . the gestapo man get to be foot , back , white with rage . a deadiy second . fear with the ss man . the gestapo man 737 hesitates , then turn away , curtly order von luger into the car . von luger look at hilt who lonk back . a moment , then with renew dignity , von luger obey . the car drive away . posen look at hilt . posen ( nervously ) cooler ! he exit as hilt walk eff . two guard fali in step . ramsey and hendley 738 stare off . then glance at ... there pcy - posen 739 stands on the stoop of the veranda look out over the camp . alone , draw . ramsey and hendley 7 ) ramsey we new CO ! : hendley react , then glance around the camp thoughtfully . hendley where 's Kramer ? Werner ? and where 's strachwitz ? ramsey Eastern front . sorren come up behind they . sorren ( to hendley ) I be the new Big " X " , hendley . there be some thing we will need . there be a meeting in the library . hendley I be you boy . ( continued ) 209 . 740 continued : . tao sorren exit . hendley begin to exit , turn back to . ramsey . . hendley ( continue ) Sir , do you know if anyone get away ? ramsey no we do not yet . ( thoughtfully ) you know , hendley , cyril 's teal idea be to get back at the enemy the only way we could . he certainly do that here but we have only rumor about the out - side . hendley Sir , it be monumental . they must have ase a million grons . ramsey good. good. hendley l ( after pause ) we do you think it be worth the oo _price , sir ? ramsey : I would say . that depend on you point of view , hendley . hendley yes , sir . a pause , then he exit . 741 the cooler - hilt tal go in . the door clang ... 742 . library - sorren and hendley the enter as do other member of " X " . 's 743 tad tas 210 , ramsey 743 turn he gaze from where von luger have go . then to ... iteadquarters - posen 74d stand on the veranda , feel ramsey 's look , bleakly turn away , enter the building . full shot - the compound 745 the cage and the guarder of the cage . Men walk around the perimeter , near the warning wire , study , plan - probing . seek a chink in the mesh of the cage . constantly . under a lowering sky . the rain begin . but the man within still walk and watch and wait and plan ... fade out .