the last black man in san francisco 4.11.18 screen play by Story by Joe Talbot & Rob richert Joe Talbot & jimmie fail ext . hp shipyard / hp bus stop - sunrise a eight - year - old African - american girl with knocker in she hair stand on a desolate sidewalk behind yellow caution tape . she lick a candy and gaze upwards - spellbound . a man in a hazmat suit glide along the pavement , darth vader breath heaving from he space - mask . he load piece of trash and plant into hazardous waste bag . in the distance , more man in hazmat crawl along a decaye dock , collect various item . the little girl break she gaze and begin down the street , run she hand along the caution tape . a voice appear . preacher ( 0.s . ) why they get suit on and we do not ? something be go on right in front of we face . but you stick on you i-phone , j-phone 12 , whatever . blow up in you hand ! you cant Google what goin’ on right now . they lucky I be aman of god now . or I would suicide bomb this mother - . track with she , we land on a black man in he Sunday best . he stand on a box , shouting at nobody in particular . preacher be ya will pay attention ? why do they have suit on and we do not ?... why ?!?! listen to I man ! a old lady drive by and honk supportively at the preacher . he wave without break focus . preacher they here to clean this water ? man , this water be funky as the devil mouth for fifty year and now they wanna clean it up ?!?!.. not for you and I , no sir ! they get plan for we . he point he chin in disgust at the man in white suit . preacher ( 0.s . ) they get that suit on lookin like a George jetson reject because they weak . weak heart . weak lung . they cant even breathe out here without a mask on . we be make to be put through hell to be purify . ( more ) preacher ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you understand what I be say brother and sister . that 's why I urge you . do not consummate with white woman . protect the black seed and leave we the hell alone . unless you come to really help we . across the street at a run-down bus stop , two African - Americans in they early 20 , jimmie fail and montgomery allen , look at the scene , idly regard it . jimmie crazy what jail will do to a nigga . Montgomery study the man while he write in he journal . preacher they lucky I be a man of God now or they would catch this fade ! jimmie you think he rehearse this every morning ? montgomery seem a bit more impromptu . jimmie hm ? montgomery I think he 's improv-e . preacher it 's 2019 out here , we be yell about this water since before they be bear ! jimmie look anxiously for the bus down the empty road . camera begin to slowly push towards he . jimmie where 's this bus , man ? we be gonna be late . montgomery we will get there . preacher so I urge y’all to fight for you land ! jimmie we be not gonna get there , bro . preacher fight for you home ! fight ! for! you ! Home ! jimmie let 's skate . jimmie slowly look to mont . mont turn to jimmie . ext . san francisco street - morning - traveling hp shipyard - Montgomery and jimmie ride together on he skateboard . they kick and maneuver in unison . they skate past decaye dock and industrial building . the preacher 's sermon continue as the " Main score " begin . preacher ( v.o . ) this here , this be the edge brah . the final frontier of manifest destiny . the last edge of the city , last edge of the country ! man , two step further and you would be drink that filthy salt water . illinois ST bridge - jimmie and mont skate over the bridge . preacher we build this ship , dredge this canal , in the San Francisco they never know exist . hp corner store - the young man shoot past a corner store with a man sit in front of a mural of himself . he wave . hunters Point resident be out in they Sunday 's best . portola rose garden - they pass construction worker pull apart a decaye roof across from cookie-cutter home . preacher ( v.o . ) and now they wanna build something new ?!? Whole block half in the past , half in the future . bernal hill - jimmie and mont climb a mountainous hill , the sun rise over the shipyard at they back . as they summit the final red boulder , we see a sprawling civilization below . preacher ( v.o. ) but should you venture into they San Francisco , the one they pillage for gold , remember you truth in the city of facade . the young man walk hurriedly through a altogether different world ; grand victorian line the street . jimmie and Montgomery zip towards the sprawling metropolis . the duo bomb a rollercoaster hill . this be a serious journey . ext . downtown - morning - mont turn and stare out at all the commuter . he drink in the city 's new population . tenderloin - the young man pedal in unison past drove of homeless . a shoe fly by they head . they duck and turn to see a craze man run alongside they , rip off layer of clothes as he keep pace . he shout incoherently . preacher ( v.o . ) look at they look at you , look down at you . but we build they . jimmie and Montgomery skate past tower building . fillmore - the young man skate through a altogether different world ; grand victorian line the street . preacher ( v.o. ) we be this home . they eye ... we narrow in on the detail of one very special home as we intercut with detail of jimmie skate towards it : two big attic window , like eye stare down on the street . jimmie stare forward , focus , skate with determination . preacher ( v.o. ) they point brim . a crooked witch hat tower sprout from the roof . jimmie 's beanie rise into frame as he pedal . preacher we move as they move . a old curtain flap in the window . jimmy clutches he coat , flap alongside he . preacher we sweat , soak in the wood . Dew drop glisten on hand - carve fish scale wall . jimmie 's cheek be dot with sweat . preacher gild in we image . jimmie 's gold chain float upwards glint in the light . a tall door with chip gold leaf catch morning sun . the music climb with each new detail until ! ext . " the house " - morning - continuous jimmie and Montgomery stand in silence . they look up at a beautiful but crumble three - story victorian . jimmie cross the street towards the House like a moth to a flame , mont just behind . jimmie and mont approach the front gate and peer through the bar . montgomery be you sure they be go ? jimmie push open the gate . montgomery ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Jim ... jimmie float up the step , beckone by some higher spirit . jimmie ( almost to himself ) her car 's go ... a couple with a stroller and dog pass mont . montgomery ( try to appear normal ) how you do ? the couple do not seem to care . mont peek back up to jimmie and close the gate behind he gently . montgomery ( cont ’d ) let 's check the back , hm ? remember that time he be in the kitchen ? jimmie sure , yeah - but bra , do I not tell you ... jimmie press a ring of paint swatch against the railing . jimmie ( cont 'd ) it 's periwinkle . not Black . mont ascend the step jotting this down into he book . montgomery mhmm , get it . jimmie ugh . this garden be a nightmare ... jimmie continue up the step out of frame . 3.1 side alley - jimmie continue forward , he 's on a mission . montgomery I will bring my grandpa 's tool next time . jimmie sick ... 3.2 backyard - through a empty back window , we see jimmie rise up the step . he peer into the House . a moment of soothing calm and then ... jimmie Jesus , wallpaper 's peel too . this people ... montgomery yeah but Jim , you be not gonna go inside . jimmie 's eye shift . he have other idea . he walk down the step . jimmie they be definitely go though . montgomery let 's be quick this time , hm ? jimmie yeah I know . it just take time . montgomery I know , I will be at my spot . front of '' the house " - Montgomery sit at he look - out perch , flipping past old sketches of jimmie . jimmie paint the windowsill . we cut wide to see he 's stand atop a bird bath . he lean onto he tippy toe to peer inside once more . he see a sad yellow table in the empty room . he lean forward a little more ... a little more , a - wham ! a croissant hit the window beside he . jimmie turn . jimmie Jesus ! mary and terry zwigott stand there . Mary have a fruit in she hand ready to throw . mary he 's back again ?! get the heck outta here man ! she throw it . Terry grab she arm mid-throw . terry hun , that be 3 dollar ! mary stop fffixing my house ! jimmie try to finish he job vigorously . jimmie I be almost do . hold on . mary go paint the neighbor ! theirs be worse than ours ! jimmie continue to work faster . jimmie I be almost do ! mary look , we will call the cop , man ! I be serious this time . terry we be not gonna call the cop . just stop come back . jimmie Fine . i’1l finish it next time . god. mary next TI - get off my fucking birdie bath ! jimmie jump off . bullseye ! she peg he with a bread loaf . jimmie run away . she shake she head in confuse frustration . jimmie Water the plant in the back or I will ! mary ugh ! why be I always the villain ? terry honey , I do not like this divisive term like villain . mary it 's insulting ... I be at the hospital all day long . I wish I have time to just fix up the house ... weird - ass kid . on the street , mont and jimmie make a hasty escape . mont drop the board and jimmie leap atop it . jimmie ( 0.s. ) bro , you be suppose to be look out . montgomery ( 0.s. ) I get distract . jimmie you be the one so worried about they come home ! they laugh . ext . hp shipyard / montgomery's house - day - traveling jimmie skate down the center of the street , Montgomery trot beside he . they pass kid hide in the bush , man in bowty sell bean pie , girl rapper and they dp shoot a video , and a man watch he grandson fix he car . jimmie bra , what if og be right - you should really stop eat the fish out there . montgomery I think it 's fine , I mean all fish have mercury . jimmie no , but I see a seagull with a dick , dude . montgomery well so , I guess it be male . jimmie na bra , like a human dick . something wrong with that water , bra . montgomery eh , my grandpa say the hazmat be just there to scare we . jimmie nooo bro , they be not ... we push past jimmie and Montgomery , past rocky project and a hand - paint station wagon , and land on a group congregate in front of Montgomery 's home . nitty bra , do not kick that tumbleweave on I . nitty dodge the ball of dirt , weave , and god know what . as we near , we see they clearly : nitty ( the group leader ) , gunna ( the look out ) , fresh ( the quiet one ) , kofi ( Fresh 's big cousin ) , stunna ( talk too much ) and a few other . although this Greek chorus ' home be elsewhere in hunters Point , this slab of concrete be where they live . 10 . stunna aye kofi , I see you mom , she be miss a little bit on top . the group burst out laugh . kofi give a weak smile , try to mask he wounded ego . Montgomery and jimmie reach the front step of the house . montgomery I mean , we shower in the same water , jimmie . the Greek chorus turn - have overhear this . gunna so now this niggas shower together ? fresh probably be . kofi thats fruity . jimmie naw I be try to tell he do not eat the fish , it 's toxic . nitty well . duh . they build the atomic bomb right there . the group look out at the water . Montgomery turn back to nitty . a small , wry smile spread across Montgomery 's face . montgomery ( whisper to nitty ) I do not think that 's true . jimmie and Montgomery slowly shuffle past the Greek chorus up to Montgomery 's house , a old sea captain 's lodging . hover above the house 's backyard be the most notorious housing project in the city . int . montgomery's live room - dusk jimmie sit on the couch beside Montgomery and he grandpa , who both clutch beer . grandpa 's smile hold a hint of widow sadness he 's too considerate to burden other with . the shimmer blue light of the tv illuminate the mens ' face as if radiating from a aquarium . 11 . policeman ( on tv ) can I help you ? edmond o’brien ( on tv ) I would like to see the man in charge . montgomery ( whisper to grandpa ) he 's walk he into the Chief 's office . grandpa ( smile ) oh dear ... edmond o’brien ( on tv ) I would like to report a murder . grandpa now who 's that ? jimmie Edward o. Ryan ? montgomery mhm , edmond o’ brien , that 's right . police chief ( on tv ) who be murder ? they all lean in . edmond o’brien ( on tv ) I be . Montgomery and grandpa chuckle . montgomery oh god . jimmie what ? how ? montgomery just watch . through a window behind the trio , we see mont 's rowboat hitched to a dock across the street . Beyond the dock , the twinkle light of ship sprinkle the Bay . int . montgomery's bedroom - night mont lie in bed , write a note on he wall . jimmie ( 0.s. ) hey mont. Montgomery ... how do I get they out of the house ? montgomery hm ? we can hear jimmie peeing . jimmie what if I pee would on they table ? 12 . after a moment , jimmie peel back a curtain , and lean into mont 's bedroom . jimmie ( cont 'd ) like - I just climb the birdie bath , break in , and pee would all over the little stupid yellow table ? montgomery would not that ruin the floor ? jimmie climb into he cot on the floor , nested snug between the bathroom and Montgomery 's bed . jimmie yeah I guess you get a point there . jimmie stare at the ceiling , still think . a gunshot reverberate in the distance . montgomery 44 magnum . jimmie 10 block . montgomery closer . jimmie hm .... maybe they have let I live there as like a caretaker for the house . montgomery we like have you here Jim . jimmie I know bra ... but there 's no place like home . 13 . jimmie roll over and look at the wall . we see a picture of he as a young boy on the front porch with lot of family . Beyond the photograph , we see old pin up , a work to do list for the House , old photo of the House , and more family photograph . ext . montgomery's house - night - continuous faint echoe of laughter spill from the house . below , the Greek chorus jaw playfully under a streetlight . the preacher walk past they and they fall hush . a distant foghorn groan . as he pass out of ear shot , they laughter rise behind he , swallow he up . cop car light flash off screen . ext . hp dock / hp BAY - morning black - with a pinhole pinch of light . we be a rock in the hand of a child . mischievous cackle surround we . the child launch we high into the sky . as we descend back to earth , we tumble towards a group of hide kid , who all scatter except one . he see they run off and then look up too late , just as the camera hurtle towards he - wack - we collide with he head . from the bay , we see two group of warring neighborhood kid hail score of rock at each other from behind makeshift fort . a few scream insult borrow from older brother . Montgomery watch the dangerous child 's game unfold from the serenity of he rowboat a hundred yard out . he sketches the strange scene , try to capture the drama before he , like a blueprint for a future stage play . suddenly , a three - head fish flop onto the deck of the boat . Montgomery stare at the floundering oddity . a moment later mont be on the dock shouting line , leaping back and forth as if play oppose character in a scene . he 's work out the line of a shouting match between the preacher and a hazmat clean up man . mont get a good idea and jot it down . int . chinese grocery - afternoon * bloop , bloop .* Red rock cod swim in place in a overcrowded tank . a hand plunge into the tank and grab one . 10 11 12 14 . Montgomery stand behind the fish counter of the chinese supermarket , he apron smear with fish gut . behind he , mont 's colleague reach around the tank . jimmie bored , make a whirlpool with he finger in the open tank . jimmie do you get any write do this morning ? montgomery eh. mngh . write be rewrite . it 's all a part of it - a old chinese woman politely try to flag mont 's colleague . montgomery I can help you , mar ’am . jimmie swig a pepsi and Montgomery prepare she meat . ext . " the house " - late afternoon - traveling jimmie weave down the street on he board . he approach " the House , " and slow to a halt in front . the window glow , as night approach . Inside , Mary and Terry mill about . jimmie review he paint job from day prior , and survey the home 's storybook magnificence . his eye catch something . he approach the house and yank a offend dog doo bag from the front vine . he toss it in the neighbor 's yard and skate away . ext . retirement home - dusk a nurse help a old man on the step of a victorian in the Haight . jimmie skate in wear orderly clothes . he climb the step where a few elderly resident sit . int . retirement home phyllis' room - night phyllis , a frail white woman with big scared eye , lie on she bed , hair perfectly brush and drape in jewelry . she stare blankly at jimmie as he remove she pants and prep she for bed . lizzie , she pretty granddaughter around jimmie 's age , sit on a sofa across the room . her phone light she oblivious face . 13 15 . Phyllis 's record player begin to skip . jimmie look to lizzie , too deep in swiping to notice the looping line " over the mountain . " jimmie place Phyllis on the bed , she pants halfway down . jimmie ( to lizzie ) oh , no , do not get up . lizzie do not seem to hear he . he fix the needle . he return to Phyllis and lift she again . she glance up at he appreciatively and begin hum the tune . phyllis thank you James . jimmie we native gotta stick together . her initial confusion turn to a nodd smile , as if just remember she be a native . stunna ( 0.s. ) he so soft though . you old marshmallow powderpuff ass nigga . ext . hp shipyard / montgomery's house - night gunna and Fresh laugh hard as kofi get roast . nitty push through the uproar and get in kofi 's face , laugh . nitty you weak brah - you a bitch ! mont , walk home across the street see kofi get punk by he friend . mont set he bag down stare intently . nitty ( 0.s. ) I should snatch you one ass dread lookin like a rastafarian sperm . kofi man , y’all get I fuck up . stunna he get you fuck up !?!? thats all you get to say . kofi man what be I ' spose to do take off on he ?!? 14 15 16 17 16 . nitty psh - you know why he be not get nothing else to say ?!? I put that on the fact that this niggas a bitch brah . int . montgomery's bedroom - night Montgomery look deep into the full - length mirror . he clear he throat and take a nip of whiskey from the cap . he begin try on different voice for size . montgomery what 's up nigga ? what ... be up nigga ? sup nigguh ? be good neeguh ? hey nigga ! how be you nigga ? good day , nigga . ext . retirement home reception jimmie stand behind the front counter . ext . retirement home roof - predawn jimmie sit on the steep roof of the retirement home , eat can oyster and surveying the city below . in the far distance , he can see the twinkle light of " the House . " he gaze at it like a nightwatchman at he post as the city begin to wake at he foot . int . montgomery's bedroom - morning jimmie 's signature beanie , flannel , and skate - wear khakis be strewn across mont 's bed , as if wear by a invisible man . mont open the door in he long john to find jimmie stand at he mirror . he 's in low-hanging jeans and a studd belt , consider two different goon shirt . Montgomery freeze . montgomery be you go to see you dad ? jimmie I mean , I be think about it . but nah . you ready to go ? 18 17 . montgomery nearly , I will get my tool . mont nod and return to brush he tooth as he walk off . jimmie self - consciously remove he fitte cap . ext . hp bus stop - afternoon mont and jimmie sit at they regular busstop , wait gardening tool in hand . jimmie man where be this bus . we get hella gardening . montgomery hey Jim ... do not you use to live in that car ? jimmie oh god . the car wipe frame jimmie ( cont 'd ) from a house to a El dorado . a rusty car clunk toward they , duck -farting and hiccupe yellow smoke . they watch the car as it gasp for breath . bobby , a middle - age man with a sunny disposition , stick he head out of the tape - up window . bobby jimmay ! jimmie ( unenthusiastically ) hey , Bobby . bobby haha ! what you farming ass do in the street with a rake ? jimmie track the car as it huff its way out of frame . the car do a illegal u-turn , hit the curb across the street , and screech to a halt in front of the young man . bobby where y'all head ? 19 18. jimmie check to make sure the bus be not come . int / ext . bobby's car - afternoon - traveling Bobby nudge jimmie jovially . bobby jimmie the farmer - with you bitch ass . a child 's 49er 's sticker stick to the passenger car door . jimmie 's scratch at it . jimmie still the same . Montgomery study the backseat , which have be convert into a bedroom with satin sheet and window curtain . Little plastic bag litter the pillow . bobby yeah ! I like what you and you pop do with it . jimmie so much you drive off with it ? bobby aw , I be just borrow it . but man , I see you daddy the other day . that man be alone ! Bobby laugh . jimmie look confuse by this characterization . mont mumble to himself in the back as not to eavesdrop . bobby wooh ! so alone . jimmie okay ? bobby I tell he get a woman , or a dog ! something ! jimmie bro ... you live in a car ... by yourself . bobby yeah , I be not alone ! people like I , I be like . he over there alone , spitting sunflower seed in a cup . 19 . jimmie well maybe you should go hang out with he . bobby maybe you should go hang with he ! when 's the last time you see he ? jimmie look out the window , sour . bobby that 's why a man have kid , keep he company , shit . the car pull to a stop . bobby look at this motherfucker . you know how many of they imma outlive ? Bobby look out he window at people in a park on laptop . bobby ( cont 'd ) Park full of ulcer and panic attack . hemorrhoid . wanting responsibility . tryna own what 's temporary . Bobby look to jimmie , who stare at a burn out empty lot . bobby ( cont 'd ) shit , that 's gonna be they next though . jimmie study a mustachioe construction worker lean against the empty lot 's fence , smoking a cigar . bobby ( cont 'd ) use to be 100 motherfucker in there . with rent control . they think that be theirs too . landlord burn ‘em out . cuz he think it be he . but you can not never own land in America . jimmie do not respond , transfix . bobby ( cont 'd ) this car be not mine and it be not never yours . imma 's outlive you ass too , jimmie . 19. 1 20 20 . the worker breath he smoke at jimmie like a devil . the faint sound of strike hammer rise . we push towards the worker , over the fence , and in the depth of hot tar field . hulk construction man zap at iron with welding torch and pound away at hunk of steaming tar like satan 's henchmen . the sound of boil bubbles rise as we cut to - ext . " the house " - afternoon - travelling jimmie and Montgomery walk through the Fillmore , gardening tool in hand . as they approach " the House , " jimmie 's eye widen . he continue forward , mouth agape , as man in uniform carry box past he . he stand freeze like a zombie . Mary cry into Terry 's shoulder as a mover carry a box down the front step of " the House . " Terry look up to see jimmie and Montgomery with they tool and put a hand up as if to say not today boy . jimmie turn to the nearest mover . jimmie Excuse I , what 's go on ? he shrug and trudge back to the house . arturo sit in the truck , shaking he head , upset . jimmie approach cautiously . jimmie ( cont 'd ) Sir , what 's happen ? arturo she 's beautiful and I like she , but right now I cannot do that , because she fight . jimmie what ? Fighting what , who ? arturo Fighting because she sister want to get she out the house . I can not be here . jimmie Fighting about what ? arturo yeah because she mom die and now whose gonna have the house ? who gonna poss the house ? 21 22 21. jimmie but for what ? arturo that 's what white people do , they lose a family and they wanna collect it , and grab it , and poss it . this be mine , this be yours . I can not help she . it 's unprofessional . jimmie look back at Mary sobbing . he glance up at the massive house . montgomery so what happen to it now ? jimmie stare at mont . ext . hp project - afternoon - traveling skateboard wheel roar against the pavement as jimmie pound the concrete , almost in tear . Montgomery run alongside like a kid who never play sport . he glance at jimmie , wonder if he will slow down . jimmie 's leg seem to double in speed as he mind race . he break he long stare to check on Montgomery . he 's no longer beside he . he slow to a halt and look back . Montgomery be kneele over , panting . he point up . montgomery wanna ... get ... candy ? jimmie 's eye follow Montgomery 's finger up the hill to a line of people filing out of the door of a housing project . int . candy house - afternoon jimmie and Montgomery stand in a line make up of mostly kid . loretta , the proprietor of the makeshift store , sit behind a fold table with a cash box on she lap . darrel , now count candy bar instead of throw rock , place they into a purple bag and hand it to he mother . loretta 10 buck , sweetheart . 22 . grown ass man since when ?! loretta since that 's the best deal you be gonna get for sixty twix , hon . grown ass man sixty ? no miss , I say sixteen . how be I gonna eat 60 twix ? loretta I do not know you life . grown ass man man , I be finna flip this shit . behind they , Montgomery study he friend . montgomery why would they have to move out because she mother die ? jimmie I do not know ... I wish they do not though . they be tasteless but at least they do not fuck it up . grown ass man exit . Loretta look up at jimmie and mont . loretta well if it be not we own Tyler perry . when you gonna put I in one of you play ? montgomery ( blushes ) do you have any saltwater Taffy , Loretta ? loretta you be the only reason I stock up on that nasty shit , so yes I do . the usual , jimmie ?... jimmie ? Loretta smile apologetically at that wait patiently . jimmie yeah . six please . loretta grrah - you be gonna get fat again . 23 24 23. ext . hp STREET curb - afternoon mont lay on the sidewalk chew he candy with he mouth open as jimmie stare in he lap , pensive . a moment pass . andy roy ( 0.s. ) eraaay , fuhck youu jimbo ! jimmie slowly look up to see andy roy , a weathered , middle - age white skater cover in tat with he pal wheatberry . he whisk past , swinging a dead pigeon around like a lasso . jimmie ( under he breath ) yeah , fuck you back bra . Andy Roy chuck the pigeon at a advertisement . montgomery Jesus . who 's that ? jimmie this fool Andy . I and my dad use to squat with he and this fiend . Andy continue down the empty street throw up devil horn . andy roy Hell ride ! haha ! jimmie look over to the ad . a smile realtor - artfully make - over with a Hitler mustache , devil horn , and 666 spray across he forehead - now drip pigeon blood . something click for jimmie . int . real estate office - dusk the realtor from the ad , clayton , sit in a small brick office . a frame photo portrait of Ed Lee hang on he wall . neon from a bar below spill through he window . clayton so do I have a dick in my mouth ? or , like , a Hitler mustache ? jimmie smirk , a little restless . Montgomery nod politely . jimmie Hitler mustache . 24 . clayton fuck dude . they make we put we face on that stuff , so lame . guess it work though . jimmie yeah we be curious about a house on Golden Gate , near Fillmore ? clayton Golden Gate , yeah , okay . which one ? jimmie 74 , it 's grey with like gold trim and uh - clayton yup yup , with the witch hat . jimmie look impressed . jimmie yeah , exactly . Clayton shift excitedly in he seat . clayton that place be pretty special , man . I use to drive past there on my way to school every day . jimmie where would you go to school ? clayton St. ignatius . you be from here too ? jimmie third generation . clayton right on ! honestly , that 's the kind of property that get I into this . if I have it , I have take out the inside , keep the old facade , ya know - but , so it 's for sale ? I do not even hear about that . jimmie well , I be not sure . it seem like the owner and she sister be fight over it . 25 25 . clayton the owner ? jimmie well the lady that be live there . but I guess she mom die . clayton oh man . oof . that sound like a estate thing . that 's a sucky situation . Clayton scan the room , shaking he head . jimmie look nervously at mont . clayton ( cont 'd ) -..and with a house like that ? they will be fight over that for year . jimmie for year ? clayton while it just sit there , yeah , it 's a pity . jimmie so it 's really just empty ? clayton yeah , fuck up right ? all this people on the street while this big ol 's house just collect dust . but shit , cold world no blanket . sorry I could not be more helpful . jimmie yeah ... jimmie stare at Clayton , gear turn . Montgomery look over at jimmie . ext . " the house " front / alley / backyard - afternoon - travelling jimmie and mont stand silently stare up at the house . all trace of its former resident be go , save a pile of newspaper . through the curtain -less window , the empty parlor stare back unblinkingly at the young man . 26 26.1 26.2 26.3 26.4 26 . jimmie exhales and start towards the tower property drape in fog . he make he way down the side alley , mont follow close behind . jimmie push open a gate to the backyard , revealing a untend garden . they face the back of the house . jimmie bra . a back door window be cover in fade sticker : keep tahoe blue / coexist / i'm with her . a wiccan suncatcher dangle in it . jimmie no taste . jimmie approach the door . he try the knob - lock . he shoulder it - barely budge . he step back , check the neighbor ' window . Montgomery take he place beside jimmie . they share a look . we hear nothing but jimmie 's excited breath . they charge towards the door . upon impact , we CUT to : int . " the house " multiple room - afternoon - continuous parlor - a smash echoe from the other side of the house . a curtain flutter from the distant impact . the room be empty . tomb-like . its vacancy heighten its magnificence . front hallway - empty . but the muffle sound of new life - rumbling footstep and rouse voice - creep closer through the wall and ventilation . attic - still empty . but the stomping grow louder , breathe more life into the creak floorboard . library - laughter echoe off the wall . the house be come alive . front hallway - galumph now thunder off the wall until - silence - jimmie arrive in front of we . we slowly draw away from he . jimmie chase after we , as if pull by the spirit of the house . he fly up the spiral staircase and sprint down the hallway . his foot catch a corner , throw he to the ground . thud . 27 . 26.5 master bedroom - jimmie roll over onto he back , blood spilling from he lip as he laugh hysterically . as jimmie catch he breath , a faint voice approach outside . he pick himself up and walk towards the window . a group of tourist on segways stare up at the house through the mist . the crowd of expressionless face look like a army in match tie - dye and helmet . they circle they guide , who adjust he helmet and begin he chalk talk . tour guide ( cont ’d ) the other guide will rattle off some stupid summer of Love grateful jefferson quicksilverrrey . but you distinguished truth - seeker wanna know about in the real hep -cat who hang out here , like James baldwin in he stylin’ ascot . here ! in the " harlem of the West " where dizzie and mile would come play after they white people gig . where Mayor moscone get blowjob from black hooker . where Jim Jones mix he first cup of Kool Aid . a couple older tourist look to each other . they teen beam . tour guide ( cont 'd ) course , ' long come Mayor Joe alioto , spoil all the fun , leveling the neighborhood in the name of urban renewal . sorry about you home , and you funky shop - you can set up a shoe shine stand in the safeway parking lot ! ( he gasp for air ) and yet , a few glorious home survive Il duce 's wreck ball , like this masterpiece dating clear back to the 1800s . jimmie ( to himself ) na bra . 26.6 ext . balcony - jimmie push the window open and step out . tour guide before the black stuff , this be a all japanese , ' till FDR 's storm trooper round they up into camp - 28 . jimmie ( yell ) this house be buuh !- jimmie spit a mouthful of blood to the leave of the tour . jimmie ( cont 'd ) sorry - he wipe he lip dry on he sleeve . jimmie ( cont 'd ) this be build in the 1940s . the tour guide look quizzically up at jimmie . tour guide ( laugh ) hey there amigo ! uh huh - let 's wave to we neighbor here everybody . a few group member tepidly wave , he lower he voice so jimmie wont hear . jimmie lean forward to listen . tour guide ( cont ’d ) that would be about 100 year late for this style . we can see , just from he gingerbread trim , this be build sometime in the 1850s . jimmie 1946 . the tour guide smile embarrassedly at he group . tour guide hhhhm gonna have to disagree with you there dudeman . no architect in the 1940s be building in this style . jimmie that 's probably true , but this house be not build by a architect . my grandpa build this . the group , include the tour guide , look up at the tower piece of real estate with renew curiosity . 27 28 29 . tour guide jimmie ( cont ’d ) well I - he arrive in WWII , buy this lot , and build this house . the stair , this window , the column , the archway , the witch hat , the balustrade , the fish scale , the little spindle , the balcony , the wall to keep y’all the fuck out - all of it by James fail the first with he own two hand in 1946 . jimmie look like a king finally restore to he throne - subject at he foot , frame in a ornate archway . a tubby man snap a pic . the guide compose himself see he 's lose he audience . tour guide hm . thats pretty amazing ! well , on we go to we next stop : the closet Patty hearst willfully hide herself in . jimmie smile proudly as they flee . he turn . mont lean against a wall of the master bedroom , smile . int . " the house " parlor - night the young man huddle around the orange glow of the fireplace roasting hot dog . the crackle fire almost feel like a beat heart . they long , phantom shadow climb the high empty wall behind they . montgomery it 's a beautiful house , Jim . jimmie take that in , know mont would not just say it . montgomery more beautiful than I could have imagine . jimmie yeah . not there yet but , almost . int . " the house " multiple room - morning attic - jimmie lay on the floor of the witch hat , pensive . he stare up at the circular tower 's woodwork . he rise . 28.1 28.2 28.3 28.4 29 30 . he glide through the attic like a kid on Christmas morning , he flannel wear open like a robe . he look up at its steep ceiling , remember what be and imagine what could be . front hallway - jimmie run he hand along the wood panele of the staircase . parlor - jimmie stand under a archway , blue and green light hit he face . jimmie mont , wake up . Montgomery start to wake and look up at jimmie . montgomery you hair ... it fit the archway like a puzzle piece . jimmie telling you bro , I belong here . attic - back inside the empty witch hat , jimmie 's mind eye twirl upwards towards the ceiling . we cut to vhs footage of : a man cling to a witch hat as it twirl upwards through the sky . after a moment , we see a construction crane be lift the man and the witch hat higher and higher . grandpa ( v.o. ) and what 's happen now ? jimmie ( v.o. ) he 's fly through the air . grandpa ( v.o. ) C ’mon now . jimmie ( v.o. ) he 's fly through the air . grandpa ( v.o. ) jimmie , you grandpa be a godly man but he do not have super power . int . montgomery's live room - morning jimmie , Montgomery and Montgomery 's grandpa sit on the couch , enrapture by the old home movie . jimmie look excited to be the narrator for once . 31 . jimmie he 's on a crane , it 's haul he and the witch hat way high up . grandpa wait ! you get video of that day ? jimmie yeah , my dad film it . grandpa hm ! the witch hat - and jimmie 's grandpa - be lower until they attach to the top of '' the House . '' clap and cheer rise from a crowd below . jimmie 's grandpa wave from up high . jimmie wait . how do you pause ? - I think I see Willie may . grandpa Willie ? no , this be after that . Montgomery look up from he crossword puzzle . montgomery Willie may be at the house ? grandpa mhm . Willie come and pay he respects like we all do . you would get here and you would go see pastor jimmie fail , " the first black man in San Francisco . '' jimmie try to hide a proud smile . on screen , he grandpa look almost mythical as he descend back down to Earth . grandpa take a lot of charisma to let people call you that . but he be not far off . jimmie look over at a shelf with photo album . jimmie Mr. Allen , I be also wonder can I borrow that one picture ? grandpa sure son , I be not look at it .. jimmie shoot Montgomery a excited look . 30 31 32 32 . int . forrest hill station - morning tile wall reverberate with the guitar strum of a grey black man , he case open for coin . he 's turn the top 40 emo ballad " how to save a life " into melancholic folk . perhaps he love the song . perhaps he know he audience . beside he , a half - sleep spanger hold a sign that read : I u$ed to live here ... SF native jimmie and Montgomery enter frame and carry we beyond the busker . a generous goon drop a bill in he case . his music echoe on as we follow they down a long tunnel , past a homeless family and drove of desperate mass . ext . bart , somewhere far away - afternoon - traveling the bart train howl . jimmie sit in the window beside Montgomery , hold a crumpled , b&w photo . in it - a dapper , young grandpa Allen hug a man that must be jimmie 's grandfather , in a elegantly decorate room . jimmie that 's gonna be we in a few hour . we pull wide as the train shoot past cookie cutter home and roll , sun scorched hill . we be not in Frisco anymore . ext . wanda 's house - afternoon a concrete ceiling . a cloudless blue floor . the young man walk into view , along a upside - down suburban street . a shirtless kid lie on he back across the street , he head hang upside down just off the curb . a pink lowrider rumble past . the kid flip over to reorient himself . jimmie and Montgomery , now right - side up , approach a pebble - dash single story home . jimmie knock on the screen door . a cow moos from the hill beyond the house . wanda oh jimmie ! jimmie jimmie jimmie ! wanda , a middle - age woman in a bolo tie and hoop earring , yank open the door to hug jimmie . she rock he back and forth , then hold he at arm length to get a good look . wanda it 's so good to see you , sweetie . 33 33. ext . wanda's front yard - afternoon - moment later a handsome asian man , ricky , skate back and forth on in the street on jimmie 's board . jimmie and wanda sit in vintage lawn chair ; wanda in a chaise lounge . Montgomery sprawl on the dead lawn beside they , pull grass . wanda cool herself with a battery power fan . they be sweaty , overdress for the burb . jimmie man , he better not break my board . wanda you should be tell he thank you , he help I pick out that board . ( look at ricky lusty ) besides , sometimes it 's nice just to watch . ricky , do that trick you use to do ! ricky crouch to do a ollie and land it . jimmie study wanda 's swoon . jimmie y'all hella cute - uh , how much of the stuff you still have , auntie ? wanda ( imitate jimmie ) oh you wanna see the STUFF ? you wanna see the STUFF ? ( turn to Montgomery ) have he be a good house guest for you ? or do he just show up ask you for you thing ? montgomery oh um . uh - not yet no . wanda uh huh , well if you gentleman can spare the time - I do set the bed up in the back and ricky 's make he adobo . jimmie auntie I would love to but honestly we should head back tonight . I get my first place . 34 . wanda woah ...wow ! in the city ? look at you . y'all must be do pretty well to afford a spot there . wanda smile at mont , who drink he water like he 's chew it . jimmie yeah , we get lucky . it 's super empty thoough ... wanda uhuh - and you daddy do not send you here right ? jimmie no . wanda you be sure ? jimmie swear to god . wanda Cause I hope he 's do drag you into he scheme . jimmie auntie . this be for we . jimmie look she deep in the eye . wanda okay ... okay ! jayboe , I be so proud of you man , I miss that place . ricky eat shit . he look over at wanda with a boyish shrug . she look at he lustily , a spark reignite . 34 int . wanda's garage - afternoon - moment later wanda open a garage door , revealing lean box and precious keepsake . the room be a treasure trove . jimmie lift a gorgeous red rug , revealing chest with old robe and throw - like chair . he salivate . jimmie damn , I know you have some of it , but be this everything ? 35 . wanda everything you dad do not smoke up . jimmie nod . wanda sorry hun , that come out a little harsh . jimmie I be fine . jimmie lift what appear to be a old champagne bottle , accidentally revealing a hide cigarette dispenser within . a fan of old , yellow marlboros blossom out . jimmie woah . that 's mainey . wanda I always have a feel - out of the family , you would be the one to come look for this stuff . jimmie what 's that ? jimmie walk towards a round table with a mic and headphone beside a Tiffany lamp . wanda oh that 's my own little thing . from now . you know I always want to be a dj . jimmie I do not know that . wanda yeah , and it 's a nice way to get to know people out here . I just ask ‘em question and record it . jimmie that 's dope . wanda I will have ricky play it for you on the way back . he can drive y'all . jimmie thank you auntie . I do not wanna ask , but ... 35 36 . jimmie bat he lash coyly . wanda psh , he do not mind , right ricky ? ricky shrug obligingly . ricky be nice to move somebody back for once . ext . highway 4 - sunset - traveling we hear nothing but a microphone crackle . then bubbles . jimmie and Montgomery sit in the back of a stake bed truck with chicken wire wall , surround by unique furniture . Golden light strike the row of crop as they fly by . the clean line dance in perfect rhythm , one after the next . jane ( v.o. ) sometimes , after a long day , I like to come home and put my head against ponchy 's chest . ( giggle ) and when he take a sip of beer , I can hear the bubbles , um , bubbling . wanda ( v.o. ) mhm , please thank ponchy for let we put a mic on he tummy . we hear the woman laugh as the bubbles fizz and pop . ricky smile , as if hearing wanda 's laugh make he miss she . wanda ( v.o. ) and who 's this we have here ? a dog snore loudly . jane ( v.o. ) well , pepper only snore like this when she 's tuckere out from a long hike . so that usually make I feel good , like we have a eventful day . ricky lean back and slide open the cab window . he shout , but we can barely hear he . ricky how y'all do back there ? 36 36.1 36.2 36.3 36.4 36.5 36.6 36.7 37 . jimmie stare out , mesmerize by the mile of farmland . Montgomery give a thumb up , he hair rippling in the wind . jane ( v.o. ) I suppose , most of the sound I like be probably pretty regular . wanda ( v.o. ) ( in a punch - in ) Far from it . today we be join by we wonderful neighbor Jane from pine St. and now I encourage you to listen to the sound of you home . the truck disappear into the distance . int / ext . " the house " multiple room - night 2nd floor butler stair - the sound of floorboard creak . ricky , jimmie and mont walk up the noisy step , hand full of furniture . master bathroom - the sound of rumbling pipe . jimmie turn on a sink . his eye track the sound of flow water through the wall , until water gush out of the faucet . conservatory - the sound of a flame catch . jimmie light the gas sconce with a match . the hallway illuminate with a warm yellow glow . library - the sound of a old tick clock . mont inspect the title of a book then slide it into a shelf by a old expose clock . front hallway - the sound of a thunderous pipe organ . jimmie play a organ build into the wall . Dust shoot out of the pipe . parlor - mont run a finger along the bead of a glass lamp . attic - the sound of wind howling and window shaking . ricky peel away , wave bye to the young man through the window . ext . '' the house '' - all the sound culminate in a full chorus . it 's as if the skeleton of the house - now fill with furniture and people - have pulsing organ and blood pump through it . a toilet flush . Montgomery pick up the final furniture off the street and start towards the house . montgomery so ricky never live here , eh? 38 . jimmie Nah , wanda be in this rock climb phase , dating this white dude . jimmie begin to lift a rug when he notice tim ellory - a retire cashmere liberal with remnant of a Connecticut accent - across the street . Tim survey the scene try not to stare , while he dog poop . jimmie trot down the step and towards the man , with warm purpose . Tim look up , surprised . jimmie hi sir . I be jimmie fail , we have not yet have the chance to meet . jimmie wipe he dusty hand and extend it . Tim take it instinctively . jimmie shake as if sealing a deal . jimmie welcome to the neighborhood ! tim ellory a - ha ah , yes ! welcome . Tim ! Tim ellory . mid-shake , Tim look back at the house - a few piece of stun , antique furniture remain on the street while Montgomery work away in the window . tim ellory geez , fast move market huh , I do not remember a sign go up . jimmie do not need to , but look Tim - I really want you to know I be gonna to be the best neighbor you ever have . tim ellory well ... alright jimmie . thank you ! jimmie my pleasure . you will have to pardon I , we have get lot to do . tim ellory oh , of course . jimmie half - bow , then jog back across the street . he grab a armful of furniture and carry it inside . Tim look on slightly daze , as jimmie join Montgomery in the window . 36.8 37 39 . parlor - they collection of furniture sit in the center of the dark empty parlor , like pirate treasure in a hollow cave . the young man study they bounty , move wrapper strewn about like Christmas morning . int . " the house " parlor - morning jimmie lie peacefully on the couch , satin pillow crown he head . mont lay on the floor on a slapdash bed of cushion and silk sheet . both of they be drape in tapestry - turn - comforter with match wildlife landscape . silence . jimmie I be gonna drink my coffee and scratch my ass while I read the paper . montgomery you do not even read the paper . jimmie cuz I never have a home to read it in . a hint of excitement enter Montgomery 's face . montgomery you think this can be really be we home ? silence . jimmie yeah . ( beat ) I just do not want to have to keep it secret , and lie , you know . montgomery sometimes you have to lie . jimmie yeah ... montgomery plus , I think you need to be here . the house need you . though I might be crazy . 38 39 40 . jimmie you be right though . cuz you know what have be actually crazy ? leave it empty ... just sit outside , stare at it . that 's actually crazy . we could throw a party ... or put on one of you play . Montgomery 's toe wiggle at the prospect of it . jimmie ( cont 'd ) we could yell ... ahhhhhh ! montgomery the neighbor ? jimmie ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! montgomery Zeeeeeeeeeeeee-hooooo! ext . fillmore hill - afternoon - traveling jimmie sit on the back of a food truck , grin mischievously . he hang on tightly as the truck zigzag over and through the roller coaster hill . stunna ( 0.s. ) this . nigga be . A. ext . montgomery's house - sunrise stunna bitch . silhouett against a violent orange sky like shadow puppet , the Greek chorus ' arm flail in profile as they yell . gunna ( to nitty ) a van pull up last night and kofi run off like a bitch . kofi never bra , I do not even see they niggas ! fresh quit lie bra , you see ‘em . 4l . stunna ( to nitty ) he a liability bra . li-a-bil -i-ty ! Montgomery watch from across the street , captivate by the theatrically of the tableau . through he eye , it look like a stage production . fist slap together . mouth hurl slur and saliva . a pair of eye cry angrily . nitty alright , alright , everybody shut up . kofi . what happen ? kofi avoid eye-contact . nitty do you run , bra ? kofi na , I do not run . nitty hit I . kofi what ? nitty hit I . kofi for what ? you my folk ! nitty Fucking hit I ! fresh kofi ! hit that nigga ! nitty sock kofi chest , knock the wind out of he . nitty I say hit I ! gunna wow , he actually soft ! kofi shove nitty back , weak . 40 40.1 4l 42 . nitty haha ! GOD damnit man . who bring this nigga ? montgomery ( 0.s. ) that 's great ! that 's great ! yes ! they turn to see Montgomery crossing the street . he approach nitty . montgomery what be we ...hm .... I believe you . Montgomery turn to each member of the group , give note like a theater director . we scan they confuse face . he arrive at kofi . montgomery you be okay there . Montgomery linger for a moment , then march back across the street . montgomery keep building it ! stunna man , take yo ' ass in the house ! fresh c'mon bra , he 's retarded . stunna and !? ext . " the house " - afternoon Red autumn leave flit downward like snowfall . we descend with they past each gorgeous story and land on Montgomery in the front yard , attempt to catch they with a garbage bag . jimmie clean the roof 's gutter , cig in he mouth . int . '' the house '' parlor - afternoon jimmie and Montgomery hang a large photograph of yosemite on a picture ledge . ext . " the house " balcony - afternoon jimmie lean off the edge of the balcony , a rope tie to he belt . he touch up the gold paint he can now finally reach . 42 43 43. int . " the house " butler 's stair - afternoon jimmie stand at the bottom of a grand , but wear - out staircase . he sip coffee from a mug . jimmie when you drop in bra , lean back . at the top of step , Montgomery stand awkwardly on jimmie 's skateboard . he precariously lean over the top step , where wooden plank have be laid to make a path down the stair . montgomery I be gonna lean forward . jimmie bra . no. montgomery I be gonna . jimmie why would - montgomery Cause I be gonna get nervous . I be just gonna go with that . jimmie just - bra. lean back . from the start or you gonna fuck you sh - Montgomery drop the board . he lean forward and tumble down the step like a cat try to swim . he land upside down . montgomery Jesus ! int . " the house " conservatory - afternoon jimmie carefully peel away old wallpaper , revealing long - hide wood beneath . Montgomery lay crumpled on the floor , dusty and scrape up from he tumble . he scratch away glue residue from the wall , groan . jimmie bruh it 's still not separate . montgomery ( groan ) just gotta dampen it more . 44 45 44 , jimmie I specifically say backwards , bra . montgomery I want to know what it feel like when you eat shit . jimmie shake he head , smile . ext . the ambassador sro - afternoon a black homeless opera singer belt " o mio babbino caro " in perfect italian . his booming voice almost drown out a couple fight down the street . a strung - out man dance along . jimmie watch , transfix . instead of he signature flannel and black beanie , he 's wear the goon clothes he would try on in Montgomery 's mirror . jimmie stashes he board in a bush beside the singer and give he a dollar . he cross the street into a brick building . we tilt up the building to the 13tn floor . a man sit in the window , like a depose king banish to some sequester tower . he watch the little people scurry about as he spit sunflower seed at the world below . int . the ambassador sro - afternoon - moment later jimmie flip through pirate dvd in cellophane bag . the homemade label read : under siege . cliffhanger . the patriot . jame sr . I see you cousin Al the other day . down there struttin’ around , like a Frisco fruit cup . I know he daddy mad as hell ! jame sr. , a once -athletic man with a hard - earn rasp , sit at a table cut a cover for Chuck norris ' invasion USA . bag of dvd and sunflower seed surround he . jame sr . you still skateboard ? jimmie Nah . jame sr . hm. 45 . jimmie what ? jame sr . c'mere and help I cut this out . jimmie join he dad at the table , adopt a slightly different voice than we have hear he use with Montgomery . jimmie remember that warehouse we squatted at with Andy and they ? jame sr . who ? that satanist ? jimmie ha , yeah , we lose it cause we do not pay tax , right ? jame sr . Hell to , I pay our share of property tax on that . but who care , ol 's drafty - ass roach nest . jimmie but so , why be you do all that ? we be able to stay there right ? nobody be fuck with we . jame sr . at the time , yeah , but we be try to get it so if the cop show up , we could say we pay tax and they have have to leave we the fuck alone . shit , it be that or sleep on the street with you little ass . jimmie nod unsentimentally processing the information . jimmie right , appreciate it dad . so ... if I be at a place now , owner leave it , and I be gonna pay tax - jame sr . and you put the gas and electric in you name ? 46 . jimmie right , I be do that next . but , if I be work on it for 3 year , rent do not have to be cash , right ? Labor count as payment ? jame sr . you have be work on a house 3 year ? what you be do ? jimmie Painting , gardening , I fix the stair up . I probably still get a bunch of the receipt too . jame sr . okay , okay ! you do it like you old man . that 's good . and nobody 's come by to check on it ? jimmie nope , it 's empty . jame sr . good , that busy you time . they be go 3 year ? jimmie na , just recently . jame sr . wait what ? you be do work while they be still in it ? jimmie yeah . jame sr . where 's this house ? jimmie it 's the house , in Fillmore . jimmie 's dad stop smile . jame sr . what house ? jimmie we old house . jame sr . fuck you mean we old house ? have you see that house ? 46 47 . jimmie yeah , I go there a lot . jame sr . then you would know that 's not you house . and that 's not you black ass neighborhood . James sr. angrily spit a mouthful of sunflower seed . jame sr . Little disrespectful , lie ass ... jimmie what ? I be not - jame sr . nigga , I know you skateboard . jimmie oka - jame sr . yeah I see all the shit down there , everybody 's little path . I be like 30 step ahead of y’all . he take a big swig of seed . they fall back into silence . jimmie pick up the scissors and start cut the label . jame sr . go on and get . mess up my day . jimmie stare at he , freeze . jame sr . go on . ext . fillmore bus stop - afternoon jimmie sit despondent at a bus stop , he mind still replaying the conversation as he leg restlessly tap away . a gentleman with a grey pony tail and orange skin enter frame . with the exception of tennis shoe , a backpack , and a lei around he beck , he be completely naked . he put a toilet seat cover on the seat next to jimmie and sit down . jimmie be unfaze - he 's see this a million time . 47 48 48. naked man Excuse I , have you be wait long ? jimmie ( vacantly ) hella long , bro . I might just skate . naked man oh that 's nice . the man turn to see a cable- car-on - wheel thumping towards they with drunk partygoer spilling over the railing . the vehicle slow to a halt in front of they . zach a black techie rip off he knock - off Ray - Ban 's to get a better look . zach oo ! this guy fuck ! ey. sundeep !!! bro ... this guy fuck ! the other notice . nake man shrug with a obliging chuckle . party bus squad this guy fuck . this . guy . fuck . nake man offer a polite wave . the bus pull away . naked man oh , this city . jimmie I already know bra . ext . fillmore hill - sunset jimmie bomb a epic hill , pink and purple cloud behind he . his board wobble more ... and more ... and phwack ! he dive face first into the ground as we cut to : int . " the house " library - night jimmie hammer angrily at a wooden door frame . boom - boom - boom . blood from he scrape drip down he bare shoulder . boom-boom-crack . jimmie fuck ! Montgomery burst in cover in paint , a roller in hand . 49 , montgomery you okay ? jimmie sit in the door frame of a hide room behind a false bookcase . he glance back at mont , a little embarrassed . jimmie yeah . jimmie laugh , embarrassed . montgomery what be this ? jimmie this little room I use to come in when my dad be do he thing . cool right ? montgomery yeah man . do you see he today ? jimmie scoot out as Montgomery gently swing the false wall . Light swing back and forth on jimmie 's otherwise dark face . jimmie yeah . montgomery how would it go ? jimmie he say this be a bad idea . montgomery well what do you think ? jimmie maybe he 's right . montgomery I think you say he 's a idiot . jimmie try not to chuckle . jimmie what if we should not be here though ? montgomery who should be here more ? some millionaire ? Montgomery look up to the wood jimmie be work on . 49 50 50 . montgomery they would want it cause it look nice . you be the reason it look nice . jimmie I dunno - ding dong . jimmie spin to shut the secret door . darkness . jimmie the fuck ? montgomery I invite somebody . int / ext . " the house " front hallway - night - continuous Montgomery open the door . kofi stand there , nervous . montgomery what 's good nigga ? glad you could make it . kofi slowly enter and slap fives with Montgomery . montgomery pardon I for a sec . mont scurries off as kofi take in the biggest house he 's ever be in . kofi y'all get a organ ? kofi notice jimmie stare at he from the end of the hall . kofi nod ' what up . 's jimmie nod back slowly . kofi continue to the parlor . kofi ( 0.s. ) get column and shit ... int . " the house " parlor - night - moment later kofi shift in a stiff victorian chair . he look over jimmie , a little confuse by he blood-stain goon clothes . Montgomery smile politely . flower arrangement pluck from neighbor garden sprinkle the room . none of they quite know how to act under this foreign circumstance . all three have beer in mismatch glass chalice . 51 . a eerie creak sound come from upstairs . kofi look around the candlelit room . kofi it 's just y'all here ? jimmie yeah . it just make noise . kofi scan the high ceiling he 's ever see . Montgomery study kofi . montgomery Nice to see you in that chair . I do not know you would pick that one , but I think I be glad you do . it look good on you . kofi ( eying the chair ) yeah right on bro , this shit kinda awkward . but this place hella cool . montgomery yeah , jimmie 's be do a lot to fix it up . kofi how would y'all get this ? montgomery it 's jimmie 's , he grandpa build it . he be the first black man in San Francisco . kofi oh shit , this that house . ( to Montgomery ) man , he use to always talk about this . but you know niggas in group home be exaggerate , tryna ' act special . but you be foreal huh ? jimmie nod , as kofi look around . montgomery you be in a group home ? jimmie yeah . for like a year . montgomery huh . 51 52 . something click for Montgomery . he look back at the two of they . a beat pass . montgomery you guy wanna go for a schvitz ? jimmie turn , a smile crack through . jimmie a schwitz ? int . " the house " sauna - night the trio sit in a cloud of smoke and steam in a homemade sauna . Montgomery have he shirt off , jimmie and kofi have opt to sweat through all they clothes . Loretta 's candy bag litter the cedar seat . jimmie take a final puff off a blunt and try to pass it , no taker . kofi wait , you grandpa make this , too ? jimmie Nah , this white people do . kofi how be he the first , though ? ( turn to Montgomery ) this nigga woofin ' . jimmie adopt a cadence that Montgomery have not hear . jimmie na bra , swear to god , whole neighborhood be , like , a ghost town when he come from New Orleans . it would all be japanese , but - kofi fillmoe ? psh never , bra . jimmie yeah . but they all get round up into War camp . and my grandpa be not tryna move into someone else 's shit - not like that . so he build this . kofi fuuuuck . 53 . montgomery fuuuuck . the trio fall silent . jimmie you still skate ? kofi na . jimmie aw , you be raw , bra . kofi yeah - remember when Rick get catch steal from the candy lady ? jimmie burst out laugh . jimmie braaaa . he be a ugly crier ! kofi bra , I be sayin ' ! and then Ms. Homer make he shave he head ... but she white ass fuck up he lining . so he shit be crooked as fuck . jimmie lombard-street-looking-ass ... kofi bruh ! lombard Street thooough - kofi fall onto the floor giggle . kofi bra , I can not even ... I be finna piss myself . y'all get a bathroom ? jimmie yeah . down the hall . the room with the 1il ' claw - foot tub . kofi bet. man , you niggas make it , man . that 's crazy . kofi exit with a puff of steam , chuckle . jimmie smile at Montgomery , grateful . 52 53 54 . int . " the house " front hallway - morning jimmie grab a screw from between he lip and drill it into a new lock on the front door . he shut it , proudly lock it and look over at mont , deeply focus on revive the organ . jimmie you should uh ... you should have a room , bro . Montgomery look up at jimmie , embarrassed . montgomery aw Jim , that 's okay . jimmie Nah , seriously . I have be in you space forever - this spot yours too , you know . montgomery any room ? jimmie I mean ... sure . int . " the house " parlor & dine room - morning - moment later as if pull by some spirit , Montgomery float forward . his eye catch the corner of various room as he amble forward . jimmie stand on a chair in the background fiddling with a electrical box . he flip a nob and the room light up with a warm glow . Montgomery enter the dining room , he head turn up at the heaven . it 's he very own sistine Chapel : painting of colorful bird spread they wing across the ceiling . montgomery be this one okay ? jimmie ( 0.s. ) yeah ... I mean , you sure you want the dining room ? Montgomery nod to himself , take it all in . he begin to measure the wall with he wingspan , mutter calculation . montgomery it 's perfect . 55 . jimmie ( 0.s. ) dream big bra , it 's yours . 54 int . montgomery's bedroom / hallway - afternoon Montgomery , wear a old werewolf mask , sort through prop and costume . only a few tool remain hang on he once - cover wall , the rest pack away in scattered milk crate . he begin organize metal pulley and clew into a crate with other stage rigging material . in the next room , jimmie pace back and forth on the phone . jimmie ( 0.s. ) no the power 's be on . I just need the bill in my name - uh huh . grandpa enter , the phone cord hit he chest . he lift it and feel he way into Montgomery 's room . jimmie ( 0.s. ) great , when will I get the first invoice ?... and there 's no way you can mail that sooner ? grandpa ( quietly ) he talk about pay some bill ? mont expertly wrap a cable and pack it , mask still on . grandpa ' Cause I would not say no if he offer to chip in a little more . montgomery he already pay half , grandpa . grandpa well he 's be here for a while now . he be not exactly family . montgomery I think he know that . Montgomery remove the mask , put it in a crate . he pull a drill from a hook on the wall . grandpa so what 's all this you be up to in here ? 55 56 . montgomery just pack some thing . it 's for a project . grandpa since when ? we have not even talk about the character yet ? montgomery it 's a- well I be still work - do not quite have a plot yet . grandpa we could brainstorm a little . montgomery we be in a bit of a rush , but I would love to soon . grandpa oh sure . thats okay , son . jimmie enter . jimmie you about ready bra ? grandpa stand up . grandpa well , whatever it be I be proud of you . ext . montgomery's house - afternoon catcall from the Greek chorus fail to land on Montgomery , head cocked listen , fascinate . he push a cart full of crate , various prop hat stack atop he head . fresh oooh monty , that 's hard . nitty yeah , that 's clean , you should start rock that bra-bra . jimmie haul a chest of Montgomery 's gear , shaking he head . stunna hey monty what under that coat ? you flash yo weenie to all the girl , huh ? 57 . jimmie yell back as he continue walk . jimmie bro , with that hair , you look like a Simpson . the Greek chorus burst out laugh . mont smile proudly . stunna bra you get one shirt ! you look like a fiend ! jimmie crack a half -smile . kofi just like he momma and he daddy ... yeah I remember . jimmie 's smile vanish . he turn to face kofi . nitty family of fiend ! kofi he probably get lace curtain in there for they little dollhouse . the man around kofi crack up . kofi swear to god bra , two grow - ass man play house ! with candle and shit ! I be die ! gunna ( laugh ) look , this motherfucker so mad ! kofi shoo , bra ! get on ! aye mont 's teach he how to vanish ! fresh pretend to flick a match . jimmie break he stare , turn , and walk towards Montgomery . nitty hug kofi , proudly . stunna ( 0.s. ) kof 's get he ball back ! 56 58. int . " the house " conservatory & kitchen - night a expressive sketch of the Greek chorus capture the joyous moment they humiliate someone , kofi stand front and center . Montgomery 's hand enter and pluck out the rockwellian pencil shading on fresh . jimmie stand in a old robe at the corner whisk egg with a fork . he watch Montgomery . jimmie you be really draw they ?... al1 they do be talk shit . montgomery you talk shit when I meet you . jimmie no I do not . montgomery you do . it 's fine though . jimmie watch Montgomery sip a beer and continue sketching . jimmie well why do you hang out with I then ? montgomery you care about thing . I like you . he grab a chew - up pencil from he crate of art supplies . jimmie you really do not give a fuck what anybody say ? montgomery I should not get to appreciate they just cuz they be mean to I ? that seem silly . jimmie furrow he brow , confuse . he look up and see a neighbor through the window whisk egg in she kitchen . he study the middle - age woman in she robe . jimmie let 's go out . dreamy , sweeping string appear . 57 57.1 57.2 58 59 . montage : fillmore people -watching - night ext . vr window - jimmie and mont sit in the dark , sip 40' of beer . they peer into a window as if watch tv . a man in a vr helmet and underwear reach blindly in a empty room . after a lonely moment , a girl step into view wear a match helmet and oversize shirt . they swat at virtual predator , finally bump into each other . they rip off the mask and laugh hysterically . ext . split window - two young woman sit on opposite side of a convert bedroom , split down the middle by a hang bed sheet . woman # 1's yoga routine be interrupt by a knock at the door . a man enter she side , tiptoe past she , duck under the sheet - wall , and embrace woman # 2 . jimmie ( 0.s. ) bro , that 's suppose to be a live room . jimmie and Montgomery study the respective side of the girl ' mantle , each with differ decoration . jimmie they would have do the same shit to we house . put 5 people ina room . montgomery we be quite fortunate . they clink bottle . ext . house party window - a large victorian pulse with the vibration of music and the energy of millennial . a man dance in a corner window . his gaze catch jimmie and Montgomery ogling from outside . he smile and wave they in . the young man tipsily look around , alarmed someone have catch they peeping . they look back up at the house . partygoer hang over the second story balcony . a couple sit on a fire escape ; leg dangle , throw feather . jimmie finish he bottle . the duo and walk into towards camera , until they body black out the frame . they step through the other side , into the world they would be watch . int . house party MAIN room - night - continuous jimmie and Montgomery enter the house , pass various partygoer . 59 60 60 . they stop and watch a man with Robert - plant-hair and musical - theater - gusto hand - dance and sing to a song play overhead . jimmie stare at he , eye glaze . Montgomery grab a bottle off the shelf and swig it , look around . int . house party antler room - night serena , a Berkeley girl conceive to Paul Simon , nod . jimmie you know the wallpaper on the outside wall be hella harder to remove because it 's moist , like condensation , but then when you finally do , you see they use white glue . like fuck elmer 's . like what be the think process ? serena yeah , no idea . jimmie yeah . I know . but if you want to have a tour , that would be fun . serena sound good - I be gonna bring this drink . you be welcome to come - jimmie yeah , if that 's cool . jimmie reach for the beer cup she 's fill . jimmie ( cont 'd ) sorry I be talk about this house . it 's stupid . I be just kinda excited about it . they walk off , revealing a pomade - preen guy explain hyphy lingo to a skeptical collegiate black woman . a tran man and he bubbly friend share a sarcastic toast . int . house party kitchen - night serena sit on a counter by she friend , billy , a intellectual stoner in he grandpa 's pj 's and Sam , a sweet - — face dude hold a huge stein of beer . 61 61 . jimmie stand awkwardly at the edge of the group . serena she 's this beautiful , vivacious person dating so many cunty guy . it 's like , do not blame the messenger I be just try to help . jimmie that 's shitty . serena turn to he politely . serena yeah it 's hella shitty ! billy but if it 's a self esteem issue , what really can you do ? serena I mean , I tell she . I be pretty sure I tell she - you can sleep with Sam if you want . Sam nod sheepishly . jimmie look confuse . a cheer from outside catch jimmie 's attention . he look out the window overlook the backyard . amidst a small crowd , three young bros violently yank at a small pine tree . it sway back and forth as they wrestle it . billy so the think be , you have sex with someone whose not shitty once - jimmie watch out the window , a little shocked . serena exactly ! and then you bar be like too high for that cunty roady and untalented comedian guy . a few onlooker outside egg on the man struggle with the sapling . suddenly , jimmie appear in frame . he pile on and begin yanking with they , to the rise cheer of the crowd . ext . house party backyard - night - continuous jimmie look excited to be a part of this team . with he help , the man uproot the tree . 62 . bryan , a giant , swing it overhead and victoriously drive the root clump into the ground in a explosion of dirt . aura ( 0.s. ) you fuck idiot !! bryan , what the fuck be wrong with you !! aura shoot down the back step , tipsy and enraged . she shove bryan back as he chuckle . bryan aw , babe , sorry , it 's good . aura what the fuck , my fuck landlordz tree , you asshole !? bryan I be gonna fix it . I be gonna fix it . jimmie yeah , that 's my bad too . I can help . jimmie lean over to pick up the tree . bryan aura yeah it 'il be fine . what , who be you ? I do not even know you . ( turn to bryan ) tonight be my night . my - jimmie ah - okay , who be you . I do not even know you . I be from here . aura turn to jimmie , confuse he 's still talk to she . aura uh what ? like , how do you even get here ? jimmie how do you get here ? the fuck ? I be bear and raise here . I be third generation . bryan uh , hey bud , uh , we do not know you . you know ? so , go man , alright ? jimmie alright bud . but I be take the tree . 62 63 63 . aura no way asshole ! leave the tree ! jimmie I feel a connection to it . jimmie start towards the step with the tree . aura why could you do thaaat ? Brian hold she waist and whisper into she ear . bryan Babe ...babe ... it 's dead . int . house party multiple room - night - continuous jimmie walk through the kitchen and into the hall , tree in tow . he reach the main room to see the party be in full swing . mont , bottle in hand , be jam with the hand - dancer . jimmie aye , c'mon mont . montgomery Dancing . jimmie bra , I need help with the tree . his frantic dance slow as he drunkenly notice the branch drag through the live room . ext . " the house " STREET - night - traveling the young man walk home , each carry side of the tree . montgomery ( loudly ) I mean ! jimmie eye he neighbor ' sleepy house as they go home . jimmie bra , shhh . montgomery ( loudly whisper ) I hahd ah grreat time . youuu , you dod not dance . 64 65 64 . jimmie shhh , I dance . montgomery yeaaah you could , but you dodnt - soo why a tree ? jimmie I dunno bra . to make a point I guess . Montgomery tug the tree , stop they . montgomery theres no point ! you can not care so much about what they think . life isn perzonal . jimmie turn back . jimmie bra , you do not get it . montgomery get what ! jimmie bra ! you be not raise like ... I raise myself . you have someone to make you feel good . I have to like adapt and like win over so many people cause I be alone . that 's why I fuck care . jimmie walk up the step to the House . mont remain freeze . int . " the house " attic - dawn jimmie lie on he newly - assemble bed . he look small underneath the steep tower wall , alone for the first night in longer than he can remember . his mind wander to serena and he slip he hand under the sheet . loud drilling and strange space - jazz burst through the shaking wall from Montgomery 's room . he pull he hand out from the sheet and turn to sleep . int . " the house " conservatory - morning jimmie look out the window at nothing but fog . 66 67 65 . jimmie ( to himself ) thick as fuck today . ext . " the house " backyard - afternoon a deep hole in the ground look like a shallow grave . jimmie crouch above it , digging - he sleeve roll up , biceps cover in dirt , cig hang from he lip . Montgomery , hang over , sprawl under the newly plant tree . jimmie shake he head as he dig . jimmie we need fertilizer , shit 's die . Montgomery groan . ext . '' the house '' front step - afternoon - traveling jimmie and mont carry bag overflow with aster in bloom . they climb the first flight of stair and come to a halt . Mary Zwigott , the previous resident , sit on the front step of the house . she look lifeless . Montgomery look to jimmie , unsure if they should run . a almost haunt wind catch the fringe of Mary 's blouse and howl through the tree . Mary shake she head at the memory of she old foe . jimmie ( cautiously ) hey . what be you do here ? Mary 's exhaustion give way to a resign half - smile . mary what be you ever do here ? jimmie look nervous . his eye drift to the house . jimmie uh - do not you move out though ? Mary look past jimmie at Montgomery , who stand hold the flower bag like a idiot . mary yeah . they change the lock on I . 68 66 . she study jimmie 's young face . it 's the first time she 's really look at he . mary ( cont 'd ) what do you want , man ? jimmie I be sorry . that suck . Mary soften a little . jimmie ( cont 'd ) how long be you go to be here ? mary I do not know yet . we flight 's tomorrow so ... jimmie ok . we will come back tomorrow then . jimmie nod to Montgomery who lift the bag . Mary eye they tool and chuckle to herself . mary great . that 's nice . they turn and walk away . mary ( cont 'd ) in this crazy fuck city , you be still here ! int . bus - afternoon - traveling the young man sit in the back of the bus , they colorful flower beside they . montgomery you think she 's gonna stay there all night ? jimmie watch bra . we will come back and she will be painting the windowsill . jimmie glance around the bus . Loretta 's former flame with the fez wink at jimmie . further down , two oily street kid with white - people - dread and camp backpack sprawl across the seat . they pit bull force its snout into the girl 's lap . 67 . jimmie 's nose crinkle , as the dog sniff she crotch with increase fervor . the street kid do not seem to notice . a group of people shuffle off and on the bus . brenda ( 0.s. ) ( into phone ) vikki , yes I know what time that meeting start . I be 23 year clean , I be the speaker , okay ? I ...oh my , vikki imma call you right back - Brenda drop she phone and jump towards jimmie . he stand to hug she , surprised . brenda ( cont 'd ) jayboe !- Sir , could you get my phone ? jimmie hi mom . they hug , then sit back down across from each other . jimmie ( cont 'd ) I think you and ron be in LA . brenda no , I come back a few month ago . you know you little brother be ask about you . jimmie oh , cool - this be my friend , mont. brenda uh huh I be jimmie 's mom , oh thank you . Montgomery extend a hand . Brenda shake it . montgomery pleasure to meet you , mar 'am . jimmie how long be y'all here ? brenda oh , still see . Brenda nod . a few passenger look up from they phone , puzzle by the nonchalance of the interaction . jimmie well , we be stay at the house . you guy could come check it out . brenda oh , that 's nice . jimmie I mean the house , my dad 's old house . we have be fix it up and stuff . brenda ah , we would love that . we have love to come over , yes . 68. Brenda smile vacantly at Montgomery . he give she a awkward smile back . a few quiet second pass . jimmie cool . brenda well I 'il call you . I get you number . jimmie oh , I do not have a phone ? brenda well we will just stop by then . a moment pass . jimmie okay well this we stop . brenda okay , good to see you son . she pop up to hug he once more . brenda ( cont 'd ) oh my god , you be taller than I now . jimmie and Montgomery exit . 69 ext . montgomery's house - afternoon - continuous the bus door open . through the fog , we slowly start to see two worried pedestrian whisper in hushed tone as they walk off . mont and jimmie look at they concerned . 69.1 69 . at mont house , candle , flower , and the Greek chorus be gather , bleary - eye and deject on they slab of concrete . they avoid eye contact with one another , try to mask they tear . they match necklace hold freshly laminate photo of kofi with the caption " rip kofi . " jimmie and Montgomery freeze . they stare at the Greek chorus , first in shocked confusion , then in horror . jimmie what the fuck ? what happen ? nobody answer . jimmie what fuck happen ? gunna they shot bra . jimmie what ? who ?... who ?! gunna some niggas , man . jimmie for what ? gunna he try to buff they out . jimmie for what ? stunna what 's with all the question bra ? jimmie I just ... I do not get it . we just see y'all - stunna and nigga ? jimmie and I do not fuckin get it . stunna then get on bra . 70 . jimmie no , what the fuck ? it 's my friend too ! stunna approach jimmie ; eye angry . jimmie tense up , protectively . stunna wrap jimmie into a hug so hard the flower bag fall out of jimmie 's hand . jimmie stare off , expressionless . 70 int . montgomery's live room - afternoon jimmie and Montgomery sit on the couch , lifeless . grandpa sit face the open window where mourner can be hear . grandpa that poor boy . and he mother - a moment pass . grandpa I be sorry jimmie ... they look to grandpa , they body freeze . grandpa I hope I never make you feel like you be not welcome here . jimmie 's brow furrow , confuse . jimmie no , I never feel like that . grandpa Cause wherever you be , you do not have to tell I , but you two just stick together . jimmie of course Mr. Allen . mont and jimmie look at each other . grandpa ' Cause I will not always be here . montgomery grandpa ... jimmie Mr. Allen , do not worry about we . 71 71.1 71 . they wrap they arm around grandpa . grandpa ok. alright . I be fine . int / ext . montgomery's bedroom - dusk through the window , we see nitty under the foggy streetlight . he stand spiritlessly on he slab . beside he , a trail of dark soil from jimmie 's flower bag lay toss like a arching brushtroke . nothing can be hear but the loud thrum of cricket . Montgomery sit in he bed look out at nitty stand alone . jimmie sit on the floor where he cot once be . wanda ( v.o. ) we be listen to the sound of cricket behind Bill and Sue selby 's home . something cozy about they - let 's listen in . the cricket continue . jimmie turn to Montgomery . mont scroll through he phone , look at the rip message on kofi 's wall . mont turn to jimmie . montgomery I be write a play about he , you know . jimmie you do not have to stop now ... mont nod to jimmie . jimmie ( cont 'd ) I know it sound weird , but I feel like that coulda be I ... if not for the house . montgomery you a funny motherfucker jimmie . jimmie man . I wanna go home . mont look out the window . 72 72.1 72.2 72.3 73 72 . nitty stand alone on the corner by the vigil , alone . Music begin as - — montage : hunter point int . gunna 's house - in the late evening , gunna console he son , darrel , as he tuck he into bed . int . bobby's car - in the dead of night , Bobby play solitaire as he listen to the radio . his girlfriend smoke . int . preacher' home - in the early hour of the morning , the preacher adjust he bow tie in front of the mirror . ext . hp shipyard - the preacher walk down a desolate street under a orange sky . he place he soap box in the middle of the frame . he step on top , take a deep breath , and just as he open he mouth - ext . " the house " - morning jimmie fuck ! jimmie and Montgomery stand on the sidewalk in front of '' the House '' which be now litter with he grandpa 's furniture . every last piece from inside lie scattered on the concrete , like toss trash from a spurn lover . jimmie lift a break chair , a few shattered splinter barely hold it together . montgomery oh god . jimmie mechanically start problem - solving , collect dewy cushion from the sidewalk and toss they on the couch . jimmie how would she toss all we shit ? he lift the last cushion to find he cigarette- dispenser break . he clutches its remain in he hand . montgomery I do not think it be she ... jimmie follow Montgomery 's worried gaze to a " for sale " sign with Clayton 's face print on it , smile back at he . 74 73. jimmie Fucking ... traitor ... he storm over and kick the sign with all he might . pamphlet fly everywhere . he stare at the advertisement . something in he change . jimmie okay ... okay ... he turn back to the strewn furniture and yank open a topple set of drawer and pull out a dark burgundy suit . jimmie start off . Montgomery follow . jimmie could you stay and watch the shit ? jimmie drop he board and skate off like a cowboy . Montgomery turn to the orphane property . he lean down to right a lamp and notice a toss pamphlet . he pick it up and inspect it . his brow furrow . int . san francisco bank - afternoon jimmie sit antsy , wear the burgundy suit that be clearly tailore to the larger figure of he grandfather . he tap he shoe against the cold marble and look across at a latino man in a j.c . penney suit hammer away at a keyboard . banker ( 0.s. ) sorry , how can I help you today ? jimmie I want to buy a house . banker a house ! that 's exciting . be you work with a agent ? jimmie no , do I need to ? banker no , not necessarily . do you have a price range in mind ? jimmie I have a house in mind . 74 . banker huh , okay . and it 's on the market , I assume ? how much be they ask ? jimmie at least 4 million . banker ok and how much would you be willing to put down ? jimmie how much be usual ? banker well , typically we would be look to secure at least 20 % . jimmie I would not have that . banker sure that 's understandable . it 's go to be hard to land a place like that but suppose I ask instead - how much do you make per - jimmie no no look , I get it . you be gonna type up all the answer I say and none of ‘em be go to work in my favor . I be young , I be black , I be not rich . I come here know all that . but let 's be real - you also get a quota to meet . I be not call you a predator - banker jimmie ( interrupt ) - but you be try to make you Sir . thats not how this work - money . so let I help you do that ... give I whatever deal you gotta give I . I do not care what it be . cuz unlike all the other people that default , this be the only house I will ever want . so I will never miss a monthly bill . ever - banker jimmie ( interrupt ) give I you high interest no I understand you feel that rate . fuck I . you do not even sir but - have to feel bad . cuz I be go to pay back every single cent . 75 75 . int . real estate office - dusk clayton ok ok you get I . you win ! you charming bastard . Clayton fake - laugh into he phone and look over to Montgomery , who sit across from he . Montgomery 's eye wander anxiously around the messy office . Clayton hang up . clayton how 's it go man ? montgomery Fine sir . I notice the house we would discuss be now for sale . Clayton lean back he seat , he eye narrow . montgomery there be some alarming thing in you literature I think you might want to know . and certainly the Bureau of Real estate would . clayton uh huh ... Montgomery steady he shaking hand , and raise the pamphlet . montgomery this say the property have a view of the Golden Gate ? which I do not think be true , well it be not . Clayton 's brow furrow . montgomery it also claim to have all original " fixture , floor and faucet " . Clayton nod slowly . montgomery and be you plan on disclose there 's no septic Fresh ? so any day now , the garden could be flood with ... shit . clayton where 's this go man ? 76 . montgomery well , together this seem like false advertising , which be grounds to void a sale . potentially revoke a license . perhaps it be not worth it to you to take this on . clayton I think it might have be you guy . montgomery Excuse I ? clayton what 's you deal man ? montgomery I do not have a deal . clayton look , someone else on this floor would have get it if it be not I ... at least I be from here , right ? Montgomery try he best to stare down Clayton , and hide he nervous hand under the table . clayton I put you stuff on the street . I could have have it truck off but I leave it out for you guy . montgomery I be serious . I will report you . clayton for what ? listing a view of the bridge ? and fixture ? I literally copy paste that shit . go ahead . montgomery well you be lie about the history of the house . you be say here it 's 100 year older than it actually be . clayton no I be not ? montgomery yes , you be . James fail build this house in 1946 . 76 77 . clayton James who ? Clayton go into he desk . he pull out a photocopy of a very old document . clayton what be you talk about ? 1857 . architect 's gil-hoo - ley - some shit . all oxygen leave Montgomery 's lung . clayton look , if you need a week to find somewhere else , then take it . but do not try to pull some squatter rights shit on I , man . Clayton toss jimmie 's electric bill across the table . clayton I know you name . I do not want to call the cop . I do not want to do that to you . Montgomery stare at Clayton , shell - shocked . ext . " the house " - night Montgomery arrive home to find the furniture be go . all that remain be the couch , upside - down . mont climb over it and look up . jimmie sit like a gargoyle on the front porch rail above - soak in sweat . he tranquilly smoke . Montgomery climb the last step . he study jimmie . montgomery where have you go ? jimmie do not even matter bra . I get everything inside ... except the couch . shit fall on I . jimmie laugh darkly . Montgomery look concerned . montgomery Jim , I speak to the realtor - jimmie fuck that guy . 78 . montgomery yeah well he 's gonna keep throw we out . and eventually call the cop . jimmie shake he head , stewing . montgomery ( cont ’d ) I do not know how much longer we can keep do this . jimmie I understand if you can not , but I be not leave bro . montgomery jimmie , he say you - jimmie where else be I gonna go ? my dad in a sro . my aunt 's out in bumfuck . my mom ... I do not even know where my mom be . I be not leave . I be the last one leave . montgomery we have my house - jimmie I can not go back there bro . mont start to cry . jimmie ( cont 'd ) bro ...do not cry ... this house , this be what I do . it 's what we do . shit , you say it - who deserve to be here more than we ? right ? this place be ours . we can not just give up now . we gotta fight , right ? mont wipe away he tear and try to force a smile . jimmie ( cont 'd ) right ? mont nod , a cancerous lump in he throat . montgomery yeah ... yeah , you be right . I be with you Jim . jimmie nod appreciatively at mont and look away . 77 78 78.1 78.2 78.3 78.4 78.5 78.6 79 . mont stare at jimmie long and hard . a idea begin to brew . int . " the house " dine room - night Montgomery scribbles furiously into a notepad . he rip out the sheet , place it onto a grow stack , and crack he back . the pocket door slide open behind he . jimmie ( 0.s. ) oh shit . you be write ?! mont turn to see jimmie in he doorway . mont nod solemnly . montgomery it 's a play . I would like to put it on here in a week . if that 's alright ? jimmie fuck yeah . get it bra ! jimmie exit . Montgomery turn back to he opus . a soulful voice begin sing Scott McKenzie 's '' if you be go to San Francisco . '' montage : a creation ext . haight ST . - Mike Marshall croon for pass tourist . int . " the house " dine room - Montgomery sit at a sewing machine stitching together two different t-shirt . ext . " the house " front stairwell - jimmie discover a new realtor sign affix to the front gate . he tear it down . mont watch from the top of the stair , worried . ext . hp shipyard - Montgomery hand a flier for he play to the preacher , who sit on he box eat a sandwich . ext . '' the house '' neighborhood - jimmie hand flier to white neighbor , call out to they like a carnie . int . " the house " corner of a room - Montgomery find jimmie with a hammer in hand , sleep . he pull a blanket on he . ext . hp BAY - Montgomery shout line , leaping from one side of he boat to the other . he rehearse with himself , as if play oppose character in a scene . 78.7 78.8 78.9 79 80 80 . ext . '' the house '' side alley - jimmie look up from he gardening to see a pair of drone fly overhead . int . " the house " butler 's stair - Montgomery watch jimmie with troubled eye , as jimmie lacquer the step . a script drop . he grab it and look up at Montgomery above . jimmie damn , you write all this ? montgomery there 's more ... but I have rather you see that in person . ext . haight ST . - Montgomery stand intrigue watch Mike Marshall sing he heart out . a man on a monowheel zip past . int . " the house " attic - morning Velvet curtain frame white text project on the back wall . the text recall Old Hollywood poster : the last black man in san francisco a stage play by Montgomery Allen as the acapella voice compete for the last note , we pull back to see chair now arrange in precise row . ding dong . jimmie ( 0.s. ) Montgomery ? ding-dong-ding-dong ! jimmie ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) shit. hella fuck early . jimmie carry we down the stair towards the front door . the house look better than it ever have , in near museum condition . int / ext . " the house " multiple room - morning - continuous through stain glass with a crest of a '' T , '' we see jimmie 's dad stand in the doorway . he 's wear he nice clothes : a roomy green suit and a stetson hat . jimmie ope the door . jame sr . why you dress up like a whiteboy ? 81 81 . jimmie look down at he regular outfit . James sr. can see he catch he son off guard and pivot . jame sr . oh , it 's for you little show , huh ? jimmie uh , yeah . he look past jimmie and make he way inside for the first time in year . jame sr . man. he peak in the parlor , nodd to himself as he strut , aid by he cane . Montgomery emerge from the basement with a chair , upholstery still rip from have be toss on the sidewalk . jame sr . you mess up my daddy 's chair , mont - gum -ery ? montgomery oh , no sir . we be , be a ... Montgomery look to jimmie for help . jame sr . you get stage fright huh ? James sr. pass Montgomery , patting he shoulder . jame sr . I do not care about the chair , son . he walk down the hall and sit down at the organ . he yank a few knob and begin play something resembling bootsy Collins 's '' I have Rather be with you . '' he stop and smile . jame sr . my daddy hate when I play that shit . int . " the house " MAIN staircase - morning - moment later James sr. sit , study the staircase railing . he run he cane across the wood . 82 . below , mont welcome in Tim ellory and he wife , hold a flier . the couple make they way upstairs , take a moment to drink in the home they have only ever see from outside . James sr. jame sr . come on in , do not be shy . his grandpa build this . not bad for a black man huh ? tim ellory oh no , very good , very good . chuckle proudly as the couple pass . jimmie I guess you be not so worried anymore huh ? jame sr . na , you still a idiot . but you be my idiot - James turn to another group admire the architecture as they pass . James sr. jame sr . crazy part be we do not work here , this be ours . but we be hire help , application upstairs , go on ahead . chuckle to he son . jimmie I honestly do not think you would come . jame sr . yeah well at my age , a trip like this - ( he tap he heart ) figure I should come see how this be all work out though . I know you think I be get mad just to get mad , but I get my reason . a moment pass . James sr. 's eye float to the front hall below . jimmie turn to follow he gaze . wanda stand look at a frame photo she give jimmie . in it , grandpa fail theatrically hold a hammer for camera by the front step . 83 . wanda look up . she see the man and inhale deeply . wanda well ... the two James ' . jame sr . ( lift himself ) ahh , miss wa - wa ! how you do little sis ? wanda ascend the staircase . wanda Fine - you look good James . jame sr . ( laugh ) oh , you know I . jimmie what about I ? wanda you too , sweetie . she reach they and scoops the man into a hug . in he family 's arm , jimmie melt . montgomery ( 0.s. ) curtain 's up in 10 ! nobody move . 82 int . " the house " attic - afternoon a eclectic audience fill the makeshift theatre . wanda introduce herself to Andy Roy and gunna ; Tim ellory pontificate to Bobby who think he 's kid ; the hand dancer teach gunna 's child air guitar . New face fill the gap between that we have meet . the audience fall silent as the light drop . the curtain creep open to reveal a eerie blue spotlight on Montgomery . he stand in profile , dress exactly like kofi - oversize t- shirt , jordan and fake ducktail in he hair . behind he , a diorama of he street in hunters Point . Soft sound of the harbor play from a speaker . Montgomery suddenly spring to life . 84 . montgomery ( as kofi ) what imma hit you for , you my folk ! Montgomery flip 180 degree , revealing he 's in two -face . the second half of he costume be a replica of nitty . montgomery ( as nitty ) alright alright , but I cant have soft niggas around I breh . hit I . Montgomery flip 180 degree back to " kofi 's " profile . montgomery ( as kofi ) for what bro ? for what ? Montgomery flip to nitty . montgomery ( as nitty ) hit I nigga ! man up ! jimmie enter dress as death , a long black robe end at he white skeletal make -up . he slip behind a bush , then a mailbox , ever closer . montgomery ( as kofi ) no bra ! montgomery ( as nitty ) you soft breh . they go call you a bitch at you funeral ! hit I ! kofi erupt , wail at the air wildly . montgomery ( as kofi ) ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! bobby he cold . he turn to face the crowd in two -face . light drop on hp , leave kofi alone in the spotlight . montgomery ( as kofi ) alright , yeah nigga ! I do not give a fuck ! come see I ! who hide out there ? man up ! jimmie run up , raise a finger gun . bang ! - the audience jump at the sound effect and white strobe flash . bang ! -— another flash . they disappear . darkness . 85 . the audience be hushed , all breath take out of the room . montgomery ( 0.s. ) no word . no word ... please send e- hug . a projection appear , crisp white text against the black : " no word . no word . please send e-hug . # kofiworld [ world emoji ] " montgomery ( 0.s. ) hazel greene. 135 like . the text disappear with a click . then another : " just smoke with you the other day . crazy . [ smoking hand emoji ] " montgomery ( 0.s. ) just smoke with you the other day . crazy . - John bishop. 206 like . 10 share . as another slide appear , we pull wide to see Montgomery be now dress like the street preacher . montgomery ( as preacher ) be this the people that know kofi ? the low solemn voice of a black male choir rise . montgomery ( as preacher ) get yell at by my bitch boss for be late . sorry there no timer for grief ! think of you always , koofi - leah tanaka . 320 like . the next text appear . montgomery ( as preacher ) ( shouting ) man , can not believe we lose my bra . but you would not want I to be sad ko ' , so I put my pain into my music !! make sure y'all like the post !! - rrrrodney tuck . the curtain widen to reveal that the choir be make up of all the street musician we have meet throughout the film . 86 . montgomery ( as preacher ) ( top of he lung ) Mr. tuck move to florida 10 year ago . they share one mutual friend . his post link to a song call " netflix and pill . " be these the people that know kofi ? more Facebook post appear on screen , flick on and off too fast to fully read . the choir soften into a funereal hum . Montgomery step forward , slowly make eye contact with each person in the room as the house light fade up on they . in the audience , the preacher look touch . montgomery ( as preacher ) kofi have more dimension than a post could reflect . or a play could capture . so I summon you . celebrate the life he live , not through that who speak loudest , but by the memory he left US all - ma ' am !!! Montgomery point to Loretta . his voice soften . montgomery ( as preacher ) - how will you remember kofi ? Loretta hesitates for a moment , unsure of whether or not to speak . Montgomery nod encouragingly and Loretta stand . loretta kofi be a good kid . he use to walk my niece home when she first move out here . he keep he hand to himself . he be always a little gentleman . I wish he would have more time - Loretta 's eye begin to tear as she look at she son . unable to continue , she take a seat . montgomery ( as preacher ) and what about you , sir ? Montgomery point to Andy Roy . Andy stand , wipe he face . andy roy kofi , man ? on a board , he be a natural . a lotta people gotta work for it but he have it . he have like olley the gonz gap . he will be miss . 87 . Montgomery nod and turn to Tim ellory , who blushes . tim ellory oh I , I never know he . Montgomery turn to wanda beside he . she regretfully shake she head as well . Montgomery turn to he grandpa . montgomery ( as preacher ) and you , grandpa Allen ? Bobby nudge grandpa to alert he . he 's already aware . grandpa well , I coach kofi in pop Warner . he would stay behind to help I pack up every day , never make a fuss . only boy who ever do that . montgomery ( as preacher ) and you , my friend ? Montgomery point at jimmie , who have snuck into the middle of the audience . jimmie stand . jimmie my last memory of kofi be he talk shit to I . he say some of most fuck up shit anybody ever say to I . but kofi also get jump for defend I from older kid at we group home . he do not like to fight and he fight for I then . people be not one thing . montgomery ( as preacher ) that . all of it ! Montgomery turn to he congregation , smile proudly . montgomery ( as preacher ) what would have happen if kofi have the chance to show himself ? all form of himself ? nobody answer . montgomery ( as preacher ) the world have a box for he . and he never push beyond it . ( scan the wall ) ( more ) 88 . montgomery ( as preacher ) ( cont 'd ) perhaps ... if kofi have grow up just a few neighborhood over - he could have be gentle . and proud to have be that . fresh start to tear up . montgomery ( as preacher ) but we be not gather here solely to mourn . let we break the box . Montgomery bang he fist against the newly paint wall . montgomery ( as preacher ) let we give each other the courage to see and be see . he point at Loretta . montgomery ( as preacher ) you - Robin Hood of sweet ! he point at wanda 's husband , ricky . montgomery ( as preacher ) you - once -jaile activist ! he whip a finger up at jimmie . montgomery ( as preacher ) and you ! you , jimmie , be what be great about this city ! you be a fantastic human . a great friend . jimmie self - consciously shift as people look at he . montgomery ( as preacher ) we be here in this reborn relic because of what this man have do ! from jimmie 's expression we can see Montgomery be off-script . montgomery ( as preacher ) let we see he now . self - teach historian , carpenter , master decorator , work class hero , lover of lose San Francisco , friend to all friend . you . you be see . let we really look at jimmie fail the third . the color drain from jimmie 's face as that who have not already turn to look at he shift in they seat . 89 . montgomery ( as preacher ) and we do not need any of this to see you . this , we little tabernacle , be but a place to congregate today . but tomorrow , you , you exist beyond this wall of you forefather . he slam he hand against the wall , crack the wood . the whole audience jump . jimmie 's jaw harden . Montgomery smile warmly at jimmie as he approach he . montgomery ( as preacher ) you exist ! in every form of yourself ! you - you be not this floor ! Montgomery lift the chair jimmie just fix and pound it to the floor for effect . its leg break , rattling Montgomery . jimmie bra , what be you do ? Montgomery freeze , panting . montgomery ( as preacher ) you be not this house , jimmie . and , and , it 's time you know . jimmie I do not need to know , let 's stop . James sr. ' 's jaw clenches . montgomery ( as preacher ) you extend beyond this wa - jimmie alright bra , enough . montgomery ( as preacher ) jimmie you do not need - jimmie bro . stop - montgomery ( as preacher ) you grandpa didn't build this house . silence . jimmie stare at Montgomery . 83 90 . jimmie yes he do . he build this house . montgomery Jim , he do not . jimmie he fuck do . how you go tell I ? montgomery I see the deed . jimmie look to everyone , embarrassed . he turn back to mont. jimmie you do not get it ... I be not fuck great . Montgomery study he , confuse . jimmie get outta here mont . Montgomery 's confusion turn to shock . jimmie I be not any of that thing ! get out of my house . jimmie march out of the room . chair squeak as other begin to rise slowly . Montgomery stand there , listless . int./ ext . '' the house '' master bedroom - afternoon jimmie sit in the bay window watch the crowd spill out onto the street . James sr. enter and playfully put he duke up to jimmie . he softly faux - jab jimmie 's chin . jimmie do not laugh . jame sr . what , you in here watch tv ? James 's gaze follow jimmy to the people outside . jame sr . man , they do not deserve to be in here anyway . jimmie neither do we . 84 91 . James sr. suck he tooth and start to roll a cigarette . jame sr . you go really let some ol 's other ass nigga tell you what 's true ? C ’mon jayboe , get you spine up , son . have some pride . James sr. smile . jimmie do not . jimmie finally turn to he . he look he in the eye , search . jimmie I be know . ( beat ) but you say it . jimmie study he father . a range of emotion flash over James sr. 's face . jame sr . say what ? jimmie the truth , I be know . this whole time . I be a liar just like you . now you say it . James look at he son , naked . jame sr . fuck outta here , man . jimmie say it . after a moment , James sr. lift himself and pass he son . he stagger down the step , walk towards the front door and pull out the cigarette , he hand tremble . he light it with the same motion jimmie do , and open the door to a strong wind . he exit . ext . " the house " - afternoon - continuous James sr. clutches the collar of he coat , brace for the wind . jimmie look on from the window above . the last parcel of life have leave the house . its emptiness heighten its magnificence . 85 86 87 88 92 . int . " the house " multiple room - afternoon through archway , window , and door frame - we see jimmie trap between the wall that once give he freedom : jimmie skate through the desert house , he face expressionless . down the hallway , into the kitchen , back into the parlor , and round the hallway again . jimmie stop skate , pick up he board , and send it crash into the door frame . thwack . he scream as he swing it harder . on impact , we CUT to : int . " the house " dine room - afternoon jimmie sit , cradling the two splintery halve of he board . Montgomery 's unfinish room stare back at he : tool and rig sit awkwardly on the ornate shelving . squeak . the gate outside swing shut . jimmie turn he head . int / ext . " the house " multiple room & backyard - afternoon jimmie walk down the long hallway , ear pique - he can hear footstep in the brush . he arrive at the back door . wanda be lean over something in the backyard . wanda this be the sound of my hand through - well I guess this be aster now ? use to be tulip . jimmie watch he aunt take a deep breath . jimmie ( whisper ) auntie . she turn to see he , bleary - eye and deject . ext . " the house " backyard - afternoon - moment later wanda and jimmie sit in silence in the yard . jimmie ( softly ) I be tell people he build it so long I almost forget it be not true . 93 . jimmie 's barely have any voice leave . wanda you be tell you truth jayboe . you be just lie to do it . wanda flash a sad smile and look up at the house . wanda ( cont ’d ) this be ours . and then it be not . so you just tell yourself whatever you need to feel like it still be , right ? we all do that . but you get a chance to get out from underneath that now . jimmie I do not want to . I just want it . wanda yeah , I know . I see you daddy build he whole life around that , around some story we get tell when we be kid . shit , I do too . make you feel good . feel special . I do not think you grandpa even take it that serious to be honest . folk back then do not really care if it be true or not . just make they happy to have something to aspire to . wanda look to jimmie . wanda ( cont ’d ) I be hella proud of you though - you almost make it real . all this work you do . it 's incredible . but you gotta really ask yourself now if you want that ? spend you life here work on this . Fighting for this . Cause you could make this place yours , I believe you could . but if you leave , it 's not you loss , it 's San Francisco 's . that 's how I think about it anyways . fuck San Francisco . jimmie I love you auntie , I be sorry . 89 90 94 , wanda well I love you and I be not . you my little , bold , bad - ass , beautiful nephew , man . they hug . jimmie make all that the open monologue for you next show . wanda psh more like the pep talk I need to keep I go out there in Antioch . jimmie hug she harder . wanda ( cont ’d ) you be always welcome out there you know . jimmie nod , remember he sober new reality . int . " the house " dine room - night jimmie sit in a pool of gold light , deep in think . he 's surround by darkness . int . bus - sunrise - traveling jimmie sprawl across a seat , still in a meditative state . San Francisco whir past . two voice cut through the rattling wheel . becca ( 0.s. ) no - it 's 5 dollar for coffee . not some fancy triple foam ice-cream shit . coffee . Black . nina ( 0.s. ) it 's absurd . almost too break to move , jimmie turn he head a few degree to look down the nearly empty car . becca and nina , two thirty - somethings in pencil skirt and blouse , be en route to work . Nina apply foundation , while becca stare into she coffee , defeat . 91 95 . becca yeah , but I need it , to wake up , at 5 be , to trek , across town , to temp , with a master degree . while my mom pretend not to freak out . nina ugh , can we go back to New York already ? becca seriously fuck this city . jimmie Excuse I - the girl turn to jimmie , catch off guard . he remain slump . jimmie you do not get to hate San Francisco . nina er , soooorry , who be you ? becca yeah , thanks dude , I will hate what I want . jimmie do you love it ? becca I mean , it 's - yeah , I be here . do I have to love it , like ... jimmie you do not get to hate it unless you love it . jimmie rock with the train . Nina and becca turn away . nina ( 0.s. ) classic MUNI shit . ext . hp shipyard & hp BAY - morning - traveling jimmie walk down the street , hold he break board like a wounded warrior return from battle . he pass the neighborhood kid play in a pile of leave , two woman in scrub wait for a bus , the old man in he fez and kimono . 91.1 92 93 96 . jimmie reach the dock . he look out over the water . Montgomery sit on he rowboat , watch life on land unfold from he usual safe distance . he see jimmie . the two hold eye contact . Montgomery collect he fishing gear and begin to paddle in . hp dock - from Montgomery 's perspective , we slop towards jimmie stand on the dock , statuesque . we bump up and down against the chop ... less ... and less ... until we sail smoothly to he . Montgomery step onto the dock and see he break board . jimmie shake he head , avoid eye contact . montgomery ( cont ’d ) I be sorry I do that , Jim . it be a stupid play . jimmie no it be not . I be sorry I do not tell you the truth . I just want it to be true , it feel so good , you know . montgomery that 's okay - jimmie hug he tight . Montgomery hug he back . montgomery jimmie . you hungry ? jimmie yeah . starve . ext . montgomery's house - morning jimmie and mont walk towards the house . mont 's finger through the gill of a fish he 's catch . none of the Greek chorus be around , only burnt candle , empty bottle and dead flower . int . montgomery's live room - night jimmie , Montgomery and grandpa watch a old movie . Montgomery rapt by the tension , explain the plot to grandpa , who look glad to have he boy back . he squeeze Montgomery 's arm . 94 95 96 97 97.1 97 . int . montgomery's bathroom - night jimmie watch Montgomery , who stand in the bathtub in undy and boot . he whistle as he scrape the scale off a petrale . jimmie why be you in you tightie whity ? montgomery I be clean fish . jimmie smile and begin chuckle . it 's as if Montgomery 's quirk be put on earth for he alone to enjoy . int . montgomery's bedroom - night jimmie grab he cot from under the bed and roll it out . mont whisper goodnight to a draw of he mom on the wall . jimmie stare at the ceiling , then at Montgomery . he watch he friend sleep , at peace . jimmie 's eye float to the painting above Montgomery 's head : a boat struggle against the chop of the San Francisco Bay . int . montgomery's bedroom - morning Montgomery wake , one side of he hair flatten from the pillow . he sit up to find jimmie 's cot roll up . int . montgomery's live room & kitchen - moment later Montgomery walk into the live room . grandpa lie asleep on the recliner under a blanket . Montgomery shut off the tv . he enter the kitchen and find a flier fold in half . below the play 's header , '' the last black man in san francisco , '' be " montgomery " in beautiful handwrite . Montgomery take a seat and open the flyer . it read : " i'm sorry I didn't know how to say goodbye . thank you for be my best friend . " Montgomery stare down at the card and then out the window . with the twinkle harp - pluck of Sam cooke 's '' deep river , '' we push towards the window . the song rise as we see that mont 's red rowboat be go . Montgomery look out at the Bay . 98 98.1 98.2 98.3 98.4 98.5 98.6 99 98. montage : deep river ext . bus stop - Montgomery sit at a bus stop , mumble to himself as he wait patiently . int . grocery store - Montgomery , the last black man in San Francisco , stand behind the fish counter . he stare , eye slightly out of focus , at the row of dead fish on ice . int . bus - Montgomery sit on the bus , stare out . ext . the BAY - we glide over deep water and slowly tilt up to find jimmie , row against the chop like Montgomery 's painting . freedom , fear , and determination fill he face . ext . " the house " - Montgomery stare up at the now lifeless house from across the street . stripped of its molding and intricate detail , the renovate facade now boast a two car garage beneath it . int . " the house " parlor & front hallway - Young couple pass between room , whisper in hushed tone . Montgomery float past they like a ghost . the house be stage for purchase : a Ikea couch , reclaim wood table , cardboard book and wax fruit . Montgomery pick up a fake fruit and stare at it in he hand . he glance into the library with a purposeful look . int . " the house " library - a couple inspect the build - in bookcase , fail to notice one of the shelf behind they slowly creak open and reveal a shadowy cavity . from the darkness , out leap a dust - cover Montgomery , finger gnarled like a vengeful ghost ! just before they can scream — ext . hp shipyard / hp dock - dusk Montgomery dangle he foot over the edge of the dock . the faint sound of siren blare somewhere far away . behind he , a candlelit vigil make its way past he house with sign read rip kofi . they cast flicker gold shadow onto Montgomery 's reflection in the water . he stare out at the Bay as the income mist begin to fog he view . end .