! date : mn ° s¢ beanie brulstun revised third draft " muppet movie ii " ( work title ) screenplay by Tom patchett a jay tarse Jerry juhl 8 Jack Rose pimlico film Limited , emi elstree studios , . shenlay Road , 22nd July 1980 borehamwood , hert . tel : ( 01 ) 953 1600 ext 9 : t . c. fade in ; circle in the center of the brightly color 1 . Movie screen , animal' face appear . his eye dart from side to side , as if he 's look at the audience , then he suddenly roar , in the manner of the mgm lion . follow the initial roar , snarl a couple more time , then proceed to the screen , chomping away huge section , one bite time , until he 's devoure it all . dragging down the last morsel , Animal drop out of the picture , leave behind nothing but a bright blue sky . ext . sky .- oay 2 . ever so slowly , a hot air balloon drift across the screen like a speck on the horizon and appropriate music be hear . through a series of dissolves as the balloon get a bit closar , have can see that kermit , fozzie and gonzo be in the basket below . they voice can be hear in the distance . kermit pretty nice up here , be not it ? pozzie what if we drift out to sea and be never hear from again ? or what if thera 's a storm ? or we get strike by lightning ? gonzo that would be neat . kermit nothing 's go to happen . ' this be just the open credit . open credit begin to the rigit of the balloow . kermit ( continue ) . ( podat ) see over there ... lew grade and Martin starger present ... pozzie : oh , yeah . that 's a swall effect . gonzo grade 's the English dude . continued continued : 2. kermit henson again , huh ? how come he 's always involved ? fozzie - you like the title ? . gonzo they probably go through a thousand title . fo2z2 Ie what they decide on ? kermit raposo 's good , gonzo be that how you pronounce it ? and that xermit yeah . I have work with he before . gonzo . what do a film editor do , anyway ? pozzie what do a production designer do ? kermit they be both very important job . I know that guy personally . frozzie you know ozzie Morris ? ~ kermit sure . I call he oswald . gonzo there 's starger again . must be a pretty big honcho . : fozzie : you do not know he , do you ? . kermit no . but I know lazer and Oz . pozzie it do not think Oz be he real name . continued ' 2 . continued : 2 . gonzo do not one of that guy play yoda ? . _ kermit yeah . lazer . gonzo Boy ... that 's a lot of writer . pozzie well , you can get that guy : real cheap , so why not load up on an ? kermit 's henson direct it , too . spread ° . himself pretty thin , if y'ask I . by the time the credit end , the camera have pushed in to a much closer shot of the three balloonist . fozzie okay . what do we do now ? how do this movie start ? . kermit | . . just pull the rope . . | fozzie yank the rip cord and the balloon jerk into the air . fozzze : waaal ! i the balloon begin to deflate rapidly and plummet : earthward . 3 . ext . STREET - day '' oa it land with 2 whoosh on a street in a Metropolitan i City , basket first , cover immediately by the lerg : deflate balloon . a stunne crowd gather and gawk . after a beat , gonzo crawl out from under a flap . '' . gokzo - what # fantastic beginning ! Kermit and fozzie crawl out from under the balloon . music up continued c xq 3 . continued carnta : grillsiein 4& first revision song : " wesre conna bea movie '' -2 - kermit 1 be a spectacle - 1l de derring do a stuff like you would never see erowo hey ! a movie ! fozzie , conzo 3 ) we be gonna be a movie kermit star everybody fozzie see and I ! there will be heroes bold there will ba comedy and a lotta fuss that end for we real happily vegetable hey ! a movie ! fozzie we can watch it all develop kermit star everybody gonzo oes and I we will take the world and sot it on its ear fozzie , kermit ctwon foin in we be gonna start right here music : vamp ; gonzo it 's 0.k . I land on my head . hold it : fovzre continued 5s first . revision - . ey continued ci kermit Si in this movie.me and fozzie bear play crack investigative - reporter for the Daily Chronicle . : and gonzo ...he 's we photographer . and we be gonna be cover the ae News llke a blanket . and it 's gonna be exciting . you will hardly be able to stand it . bo : I sh I be you people 9 thla for the first time . Kermit , gonzo and fozzie change costume and become reporter but they be too busy sing to be aware of newsworthy event go on around they . ae the € sonc continue , a pedestrian read a newspaper walk over + a open manhole cover and disappear from sight . kermit there will be crook and cop there will be villainy kermit , gonzo , fozzie but with we on can we will fix {t all real easily monster . ney ! a movie ! fozzie wow : it 's gonna be terrific star everybody C blind man see and a . - fozzie nave a nice day sir . music : vamp '' a pretty little kitty walk under a ladder . . kermit - - hey fozzle , do ' ja see that ! gonzo ... + get a picture of the kitty . . : - . continued 6 first revision continved . 3 . . gonzo okay jet it to stand still . the kitten keep move and gonzo , fozzie and Kermit tsy to corne it and interview it . directly behind a jewel robbery ls take place . a aask thief , d entirely in black , save for he red and white ped sock , steal a diamond necklace from a wealthy woman , a classy look matron of about 50 . scream voice she 's be rob ! help ! Lady holiday 's be rob . while Kermit , fozzie and gonzo continue to chase the eat , the culprit , hold the dazzle diamond in he glove fist , jump into a walting sport car and speed away , veer suddenly to avoid hit the man trylng the himself from the manhole . the car knock @ can and sidewalk flower cart as it skid down the street . two other car smash into one another try to avoid the speed sport car . a garbage can roil down the street and knock the ladder out froe under @ man painting a sign . the ladder fall on the man try to get out of the manhole , knock he back into the hole , while the painter 's paintbrush sp into the faoe of & construction worker who {5 carry live explosive , which fly out of he hand and into the open manhole cover . kermit there will be mystery and can trophe but it 's all in fun . you pay the money wait and see honster hey ! a movie ! sfx : explosion : man in the hole be there anyway to stop lt ! . kermit star everybody . . chowp everybody continued | continued 6a first revision 3 . kermit , fozzie , conzo everybody and a flash kermit , fozzie picture of Kermit and forzie strike a silly pose . freeze frame . dissolve tos 4 . int . editor' office - pay 4 . bagin on full screen match shot of black and white photo of xermit and fozzie . almost immedi tely , the photo which be on the front page of a newspaper be ia slam onto a desk . the man who be do slamm be mike tarkanian , City editor of the Daily Chronicle , and he be livid with rage . ' the vein in he neck stand out as he berate Kermit , fozzie and gonzo , who tremble in fear in front of he desk . during he tirade , tarkanian pound he fist on the desk for emphasis . each impact cause the three muppet to juma in the air . tarkanian how could you misa a story like that ?! right in front of you rose ! it practically bit you on the seat of you pants ! there 's no excuse ! fozzie I guess this would be the wrong time to ask for a rai tarkanian I will give you a raiset ! he slamz he fist on the desk again , send the muppet three foot into the air . gonzo ( anjoy it ) wheee ! they hit the ground with a thud . tarxanian ¥' see this headline ? he display the three rival newspaper as Kermit and potzie peek over the desk . 7 ( continue ) the Express ... " jewel heist on Main Street *® . Nice bold print , be not it ? kermit yes . it 's vary easy to read . - tarranian shut up ! rermit ~ sorry . continued i ' continued : 4 tarkanian '' Lady holiday 's jewel steal 's , that 's what it say in the Times . here 's the Herald , '' fashion Queen of London robbed® , ( pause for effect } and last , but not least , here 's we cate , little banner story . he throw a copy of the Chronicle on top of the other e headline + '' identical twin join the poorly compose picture of Kermit and . pozzie pose in the street . ( continue ) | '' identical twin join the Chronicle peaeer . now , which paper would you uy ? fozzie I would buy the one that have " dear Abby " . tarkanian slam he fist again in exasperation and the muppet be again propel into the air . gonzo yahooo ! : Kermit and fozzie hit the floor in a heap . gonzo hang , from a light fixture . kermit give we concussion be not the answer , Mr. tarkanian . we think identical twin work on a news - paper would make a interesting story . tarkanian well , it do not ! specially since you guy do not look anything alike . kermit that 's because fozzie 's wear ha : - . ( to fozzie ) ' take it off , posz . feerie remove he hat . , costinve i 4 . continged : 4. ' tarkanian qh , yeah . now I see it , but , that 's no excuse for blow the story . . pozzie we will do better next time . ' tarkanian ( 1acredulcusly ) next time !? next time !? what make you think there 's gonna be @ next time ? rermit if there be not , it 's gonna be a '' real short movie . tarkanian the only reason I hire you two jerk in the first place be because you old man be a friend of mine . he indicate a picture of himself with he arm around & green bear . - : kerot dad speak well of you , too . fozzie we have that same picture in we live room , tarkanian well , I be as sentimental as the next guy . so , I be gonna fire you instead of have you kill . as he exit into the adjacent City room , he point to gonzo . tarkanian ocontinue ) and get that thing off the ceiling . . - re slam the door behind he . Kermit and foszie stand there , bewilder , as gonzo crash to the floor . cur to : 4 i 4 | int . CITY room - day 5 . tarkanian move swiftly from desk to desk , check on storey in progress , very businesslike and professional . Men in shirtsleeve bang away on typewriter , work diligently , while teletype machine clack in the back - ground . tarkanian feel a tug at he sleave , look down and see Kermit . . tarkanian I already tell you , fozzi you be fire . xermit I be Kermit . opoint to fozzie} he 's forzie . tarkanian nlook back and forth at the two of they ) oh , yeah . the hat. ( beat ) anyway , you be through . I be not give you you job back . gonzo be take picture of everything around he . xermit : we do not want you to give we anything . wa nre gonna earn we job back by solving that jewel robbery through crack investigative report . now beat it ... I have get a paper to run . gonzo snap a Zlashbulb in tarkanian 's face . tarkanian racoil . kermit just pay we way to lendon so we can talk to Lady holiday the woman who wes rob . that 's all you have to do . tarkanian ( blink ) oh , be that all ? continued | al 5 . continued : 5 . fozzzie well , we could use some new luggage for the trip . - ~ tarkanian slam he figt on a desk and averybody in the room , include the three muppet , raise about a foot off the ground . ' tarkanian T would not pay a no 1 to send you guy across the street ! gonzo snap another flash of tarkanian . kermit aw , have a heart . we be break . we spend all cur money on that open production number . . 7 tarkanian get out of here ! ( rub he eya ) I have get a deadline to meet . he turn to exit back into he office . pozzie ( call after he ) how be wa suppose to get to London ? tarkanian * ( turn I will tell you what , Kermit ... since you be such a crack investigative reporter , you figure it out . kermit itm Kermit . gonzo ( suddenly , for no reason ) stop the press ! everybody stop work . . . . tarkanian ( panicked ) why ? what for ? gonzo . I do not know . I have always want to gay that . : continued | 4 i 12 continued : . 5 . tarkanian do a slow burn as gonzo hit he with a flesh shot once more . exasperate , he exit into he office . cur to : ext . jet plane ~ day ( stock shot ) 6 . a international flight soar across the Atlantic carry a load of lucky passenger to Europe . CUT to : int . cargo hold of plane - day 7 . among fifteen or twenty animal cage , which contain bark dog , meow cat and lot of océlot , three cage in particular stand cut . this be mark '' frog* , " bear " and " whatever " and contain Kermit , pozzie and gonzo , respectively . each have he little suitcase beside he . there be many larger suitcase and trunk all around . . xermit ( shiver ) nhat do you figure ? it 's fifty below , or what ? fozzie you be lucky . you have get fur . kermit no ... - you be the on with fur . bear have fur . there be no furry frog . po22ie I keep mixing we up . ( then ) would you press the hostess call button ? I be get hungry . oh , yesh . kermit I guess they do not serve food in ninth class . fo2z2ie twelve buck and we do not even get a meal ? continued 7 3 continued : I kermit no beverage either . : forzre : and we be suppose to just go long with it like a bunch of - budgie ? abudgie in acage chirp . angrily . fozzziz ( continue ) no offense . gonzo hey , could you guy keep it gown ? I be try to watch the movie . gonzo peer through the bar of he cage at the luggage surround he as the door to the hold open . , kermit hey ! somebody 's come . pozzie maybe they be bring hamburger . footstep approach . it be a flight steward . steward all out for England ! kermit oh , great . the plane 's landing . the steward open a cargo door . Light pour into the hold . . steward no ... the plane land in Italy . you land in England . the steward hurl the cage out of the plane . cur to : ext . english countryside - day . 8 . a bearded birdwatcher stand next to a pond , peer through he binocular . he hear a strange yell from above . continued { i i ' i lo . 14 continued : 8. gonzo ( 0.3 . ) geronnnimmo ! ext . sxy - day a. Pov binocular effect the birdwatcher quickly focus on three speck hurtle toward the earth from a dizzying height as the SOUND of a jet diminish in the distance . ext . english countryside - day . , 10 . within a few second , three cage , contain Kermit , fozzie and - gonzo , splash down in the pond , spraying water on the birdwatcher , who take the binocular from he eye . the three muppet , bob up and down on top of the water , peer at the man , and think they recognize he , but can not be sure . in truth , he 's jim henson , in he motion picture debut , look a littl lly in tweed ynicker . Kermit , fozzie and gonzo stare at he dncredulously , . then -look.at each other . quigzically , . then back at Jim . J : do you know I ? kermit uh...no . we do not know anybody around here . we be try to get to London to interview Lady holiday . Sea , we be crack investigative reporter on assignment from the Daily Chronicle and we be try to find out who steal Lady holiday 's jewel . well , actually we be not postpicaly on assignment because tay a fire we ... Mr. tarkanian , he 's we editor .... I maan , be we editor . I mean , he 's still - the editor , it 's just that we be no longer with the paper " officially . but if we solve jewel robbery , we be gonna get . we job back . and we be pas to solve it . we just do not how quite yet . wa have not really devise a game plan . but we have a lot of idea . see , the trick be go to be .... continued 10 . will . 13 continued : - : 10 . fozzie and gonzo jet out audible sigh of boredom . fozzie could you speed it up , xermit ? - gonzo 's sink and I be get seasick . kerot oh , sorry , I be sort of enjoy it +» strange , how different twine can be . ( then , to Jim ) we be identical twin . jim I can see that . nice chi hotel ... preferably a free see. we do not have much money . jim how about a credit card ? kermit oshake he head ) ' praid not . Jr too bad . . you should not leave home without it . gonzo sink . exr . london bus - afternoon . . i. Kermit , porzie and a lightly soggy gonzo ride on top of a red double decker bus as it drive through the street of London in the glitter twilight . . traveling music be hear , a busy hastle - bustle type theme reminiscent of " a american in Paris * . fozzie I do not know if I trust that birdwatcher . continued i i will . 12 . 13 . 18 contryven : . qi . kermit why not ? folzie hoe he seem wanipulative . ete nee kermit I like he . he have a nice voice . statler and waldorf ride inside the bus , comment on some of the famous landmark at appropriate interval . statler _ there 's Big Ben . waldorf where ? all I see be a clock . statler that 's it . ' that 's Big Ben . it 's over seven hundred year old . waldorf why do not they get with it and make it digital ? later : int . bus . thame .- day : 12 . , statler there 's the Thames River . . waldorf it 's pronounce '' tem * . int . bus . tower of london - day a3 . statler there 's the towar of London . waldorf it 's pronounce " thowar " . statler you corny joke be upsetting my stomach . waldorf loffering a tablet ) + have a " thum * . really ? continued : 1 ! 13 . a . 18 . 17 continued : 13 . statler '' tanka " . int. bus. happiness HOTEL - dusk 14 , on top of the bus , Kermit , fozzie and gonzo ride along , until they hear the ariver 's voice , yell . driver ( 0.5 . ) anyone for the happiness Hotel ? kermit happiness Hotel . that 's we . ( yell to driver ) - yes ! we want the heppiness Hotel ! driver ( 0.5 . ) okay ... jump now ! CUT tos ext . happiness HOTEL ~ dusk 1s . tha three muppet land on the sidewalk as the bus '' speed away . kermit I be get a little tired of make crash landing . . . gorzo I like it . but then , I be nut , the exterior of the hotel could be describe as ramshackle at best . it look as out of place in London as Eva peron do during she ill-fate visit some year back . if there be a neon sign , letter be miss . if there be a flag , it 's tear . if there be window , most be break . if there ara @oor , they be warpe . tf the facade be paint , the color be fade . xxxerqt ( read a chip sign } '' happiness Hotel . it 's weird but it 's cheap . " sound perfect . foz2ie ( apprehensively ) if this be the happiness Hotel , I wonder what the sad one look like . CUT to : t 16 . 18 int . happiness HOTEL lobby - night 16 . the lobby look like London ... after the blitz . Kermit , . fozzie and gonzo walk tentatively through the break furnishings to a grimy reception desk be pop , the registration clerk , sit , swatting bat . kermit hi . we would like a room , please . pop ( surprised ) really ? . kermit yeah . we want to check in . pop . ( shouting ; incredulous ) hey ..- somebody 's checkin’ in ! from door , crevice , chair , stairway and fixture around the perimeter of the lobby , all manner of muppet emerge , include or . teeth , floyd , janice , 200t , animal , scooter , lew zealand , honeydew , beaker , rowlf , the | swedish chef , SAM , the american eagle , and a couple of chicken here and there that gonzo seem to fancy . all the muppet -~~ somebody 's checkin’ int song : '' sapp : S HOTEL all the muppet join in the musical welcome to kerm{t , pozzie and gonzo . member of the electic mayhem play instrument from a makeshift bandstand in the center of the lobby , while other sing and dance , and rat dress as bellhop enter , pick up the luggage and scurry across the lobby with it . occasionally , joke can be hear intersperse with music . banjo intro pop oh , there 's no fire in the fireplace there 's no carpet on the floor . do not try to order dinner there 's no kitchen anymore but if the road 's be kinda bumpy and you need to a spell all well , welcome home to happiness Hotel 72 contryvep i 4 1 i i : 1 : 16 . uv continued : 16. vamp = 12 - pof ( to porzia ) - bow be you guy gonna pay you bill ? kermit what be we choice ? pop a...cash . b...credit card . c... sneaking out in the middle of the night . . pozzie we will take cc. . pop very popular choice . scooter if you get luggage keep it handy but you be run 's outa luck ' Cause the bellhop be not too organised and the elevator 's stick rizzo still if you do not mind friendly animal and can learn to stand the amell all well , welcome home to happiness Hotel vamp = 6 - kermit ( to rowlt ) I may be mistaken , but the bellhop look like rat . rowl ? you ghowld see the chambermaid ! Animal , on drum , respond with a rimshot as Sam the Eagle approach . - 4 - Music under as rat cross with luggage . continued continued : 16. SAM I be Sam , the house detective . I enforce the rule around here . gonzo - Fine . what rule ? '' sax no elephant in you room after six o'clock . é gonzo thanks for the tip . SAM speak of tip , do not op the tat , they be very prou they have child th co college . - all welcome home country group welcome home all welcome home country group welcome home no matter where you wander you will not ever do as well vamp - 4 - floyd ok , the lobby ' 's lookin’ shabby and it 's get the wrong address dr teeth and the whole dang thing have be condemn by ' merican Express janice still . the management be cheerful _ though the whole Joint 's gine to hell . all oh , welcome home to happiness Hotel vamp ~ 24 = continued c c er ] wet - 21 16 . continued : 16 . kermit ( to band} . you guy live here ? the other drum kick ' Bird life ! floyd yeah ... but only between gig . so this time we have be here about what ... five year ? musician nod . janice yeah , but like , okay , we agent , ' you know , I mean , he say , okay , like thing be rilly gonna break for we when we get new glossy . animal ( yell ) Bird life ! kermit ( to Zoot ) what 's wrong with the drummer ? he look a little craze . z00r yeah , well , he 's upset about miss the Monet exhibit at the National Gallery . ~ 4 ~ into instrumental . - 16 < - rowlp oh , there be bug choir oh , there be bug rowlp , . and there be lice choir thera be lice scooter sure we have we little problem but you will never beat the price continued | 4 i t | ! 17 . 17 . 22 continued : . 17 . fouzie you have get every kind of critter gonzo you be get every kind of pest ~ pop but we treat ‘em all as equal just like any other guest electric mayhem ' though you be cleaner than the other still as far as we can tell all you will fit right in to happiness Hotel . rermit and fozzie we will fit right in all to happiness Hotel during this , gonzo have pose everyone for a group picture in front of Kermit 's room . gonzo say cheese ! the flashbulb pop and the picture freez eternity stare bug-ey , no pupil in iz eye like the kid from " Village of the damned '' as the music end . cur to : int . happiness HOTEL . kermit room - night 17 . Kermit , fozzie and gonzo stand in the middle of they meager live quarter in silence , they luggage ad carelessly on the floor . they " room® be barely that -= it 's more like a cubicle , contain only a bed , a bare light bulb suspend from the ceiling , and a single break window overlook the street , wher : dull amber gaslight offer a little additional illumination . gonzo ( look around ) not bad . ( indicate one corner of the room ) the sink probably go here . continued 23 i i { 17 . continued : 17 . porzie stick he hand through the break window . fozzie we have get air conditioning . gonzo what time do you think it be ? folzie about eight o'clock . '' conzo : we would better gat the elephant out . 1 fo2 zie I be hungry . kermit call room service . fozzie there 's no phone . gonzo so what ? there 's no food . about food and get a good night 's sleep . we have to gat up early to interview Lady holiday . kermit | look , why do not we just forget i they all start to get ready for bed . i fozzie I sure could use somathing from one or more of the basic food group . they climb into the bed . : . xermit i we will have breakfast in the : morning . right now , let 's just be thankful we be here . just then , the bed slam up into the wall with the three muppet inside , save for a hand , a foot , a tuft of hair stick out from the top and side . gonzo hey , this 1s nice . continued 17 . 18 . 2 continued : . 1t . kermit can somebody turn out the light ? bobody can , of course , but after a couple of second , the single overhead buib drop out of the eocket , go out and shatter on the floor . now , just the dim gas - light from outside the window illuminate the room . kermit ( continue ) ( in che semi-darkness ) thanks . dissolve to : int . lady holiday' ofpice - day 18 . in the beautifully appoint , luxurious office of lady holiday , the stylish matron be at she desk talk into one of a bank of telephone while three exquisitely dress and coiff model , carla , marla and darla wait patiently in exaggerated model pose . lady holiday ( {nto phone ) no , -darle . : :: you must call thi United States and tell vogue they can not have the picture of th : spring line until after the show ... I be not too h with some of the design .... I still have to make sone change : tee she eye model . well , I be look at three of the gowns now and I can see horrendous mistake ... of course Paris should be notify ......0h , thank you darling ... - yes I be fine ... I have quite a scere ... I be not hurt ... of course , the diamond be valuable . all my diamond be valuable . . . she hang up the phone then rise and walk around the model , study they . to the untrained eye thay look like a million buck , but to Lady holiday they look conziderably less expensive . continued 1 | t 18 , be . 25 contiwoed : . 1b . lady holiday carla ... the neckline on that gown be toe high , do not you think ? carla + I gather like the effect . lady holiday do you like look like a ostrich ? carla of course not , Lady holiday . lady holiday then we must change it , my dear . take it in to Kenneth . carla right away , Lady holiday . she exit . lady holiday _ and you , marla ... way too much pad in the shoulder and the hip ... I do not ' think we should strive for the sway - back mule look , do you ? and Darla , that outfit 's the pit . loose where it should be tight , tight where it | should be loose . like fold on a _ turkey neck . I must be get senile . '' why would I design such atrocious look clothing ? she dismiss they with a wave of she hand . marla and Darla exit as Lady holiday push the button of the intercom on she desk . voice on intercom ( 0.s. ) yes , Lady holidey ? lady holiday wa need to make drastic change in the new line before the show tomorrow . all my girl be walk . . around look like barnyard aninzal . int . lady holiday' office - day 19 . trere be a short knock on the doorframe and miss piggy appear , carry a portfolio . continued 19 , 26 continued : , 19 . miss piggy yoo-hoo.. , Lady holiday ... lady holiday ( shocked ) good heaven ... who be you ? miss piggy my name be miss piggy . if would like to be a high fashion model . lady roliday I be not surprised . that seem to be the way we be head . miss piggy have entered the office and boldly approach Lady holiday . . miss piggy I have always dream of be a holiday girl . I have bring ny de not sais quoi and my portfolio all the way to London with a single goal in mind . to meet you ... the one and only Lady holiday . ( stand inch away : from her} May I come in ? lady holiday absolutely not . miss piggy May I show you my portfolio ? lady holiday bo. miss piggy have open she book and turn the page . on each page 1s a glamour shot in the same clothes and in the same pose . miss piggy ( ag she turn the page ) see , this be I reaking grandeur ... yours truly act aloof ..... again , I , be demure ... and , last but not least , this , of course , be I look coquettish . lady holiday | ( sarcastically ) taterast range of emotion . continued with . continued : she jump 27 19 . miss piggy why , thank you . as you can tell from this small sampling , modeling be my life . it 's my destiny . I will accept nothing less . - lady holiday I can offer you a job as a receptionist . miss piggy I will take iti 1°11 take it . ok , thank you , thank you , thank you . I will not disappoint you . all around the room , she glee uncontain . miss piggy * ( continue ) I can type . I can take short - hand . TI can make coffee . I ean do it all , lady holiday sit ? miss piggy immediately sit and take out a steno pad . mass pigcy it can sit . I be good at sit . sitting 1s one of my best thing . lady holiday just settle down . , . please . miss piggy okay . I '' fine . everybody relax . lady holiday be you quite under control ? miss piggy cool as a cucumber , I be anokay . you have get yoursel ? a jewel here , believe mar . go about you business . . lady holiday — now ... I will be lunching with my nephew , nicky . he 's second in command here . somaday all will be he . you think he 's a poor choice to follow in my footstep , do not you ? sura , he gamble and incur bad debt , have generally be a pain in the nack since ( more ) ig . 28 continued : - lady holiday | ( continue ) he parent abondon he and leave he in my care , and sure he take advantage of I and use my charge account , eat my food , and borrow my cat with - out ask permission . maybe he 's even @ little greasy and unsavory and certainly he 's not to be trust . I would not even put ‘it past he to try to steal my most valuable and large jewel ... the fabulous Baseball diamond . and I do not know why he always wear that goa - awful red and white stripe sock . still in all , he have good tooth and not keep he room neat and in this day and age that 's not to be sneeze at . miss piggy why be you tell I all this ? lady holiday it 's plot exposition . it have to go somewhere . miss piggy nods . lady holiday ( continue ) anyway , I want you to answar the phone while I be go and straighten the office . : ' miss piggy consider it do . lady holiday - I like you feistiness , young lady . iwas feisty , too , when I be young . miss piggy * one thing I have always have be feist , lady holiday ( smd lea ) carry on , I will be back in a hour . miss piggy excellent : everything be under control . not to sweat . Lady holiday exit . 19 . 20 . 21 . int . lady holiday' office - day 20 . miss piggy look calm and efficient for a beat , then , unable to contain herself any longer , leap once more for joy , scream she happiness . after let it sink in for a moment , she see herself in a mirror and she and she mirror image sing a duet about she good fortune and the opportunity she have . : miss piggy could I take the first step could I open the door could I learn to be somacne who I be not before be there somebody here who I never could ses = could it be I could I change how I feel leara to laugh and to cry could I walk in the sun could I reach to the sky someone must know the place I have be long to be - could it be mar telling my story sing my song so everyone will hear not just for the glory but to grow and go on an@ to try again - start here could I make my way through break away from the past ' til the dream have come true and I know they can last be there somabody new who will be there when I be free - could it be I - could it be I int . reception area + day 21 . in the carpete lobby area adjacent to Lady holiday 's office , model walk back and forth , as do designer with tape measure , on they way to other part of the continued 21 . 30 continued : . 22. building . Darla , carla and marla , wear they own clothes , wait for the elevator . marla where be we go to eat ? darla I be not eat lunch today . carla I neither . I eat lunch last week . marla Wall , I be starve . I '' go to have lunch at the House of lattuce . . . sarla House of lettuce ! that 's calorie city . marla suppose I just order one leaf . carla bey , it 's you waist line . marla ( ponder this ) maybe you be right . ' no lunch . the élevator door open and Kermit , fozzie end gonzo gat out , and the model get in . kermit Excuse I . where be Lady holiday 's office ? carla around the corner to the leave . kermit thanks . Kermit and fozzie walk away . gonzo , take with the model , turn to watch they . . darla ( to carla ) do you just give direction to a frog ? continued | { ; 21 . 22 . bd '' continued : : 21 . carla ( realize ) T guess I do . darla . + ( refer to gonzo ) and be not there some sort of strange creature stare at we ? it think there be . darla maybe we would better eat . the elevator dcorsclose , but gonzo , who be captivate with the beauty of the modal , start to get back on . the door close right on he nose . he can not wrench it free . gonzo I think I be stick . fozzie come back and pull gonzo free . gonzo 's nose be bent horribly out of shpae , evan more than . usual . pozzie you okay ? gonzo sure , it 's just my nose . . kermit you guy stay here . I be go the try to talk to Lady holiday . gonzo . great . he push the elevator button and wait right in front of the close door . gonzo ocontinue ) c'mon , Foz ... get you nose in here . it 's really fun . int . hallway = day . 22 . Kermit walk down a corridor , pass three door , one continued J 32 continued : 22. mark ° f. maltmonger , vice President " ; one mark " T. hibbard , sale manager ; a third mark ; '' nicky ~ irresponsible parasite " . a delivery man hold a package be lean inside the door . - delivery man ( call inside ) do you order a gross of red and white stripe sock ? nicky ( 0.8 . ) it sure do . Kermit continua down the corridor to a fourth door , one mark '' Lady holiday " , music and singingcan be hear , as miss piggy go into a reprise of she song . cut to : int . lady holiday' office ~ pay 23 . atte + miss piggy -- could I make my through break away from the past ' til the dream hava come true and I know they can last be there somebody new who will be there when I be free . - could it be mar ~ could it be mar mias piggy sing the final note of she song . she twirl around , step up on the desk chair , then the desk itself , as the door cpen and Kermit stand watch - ing . piggy , unaware she 's be observe , hit the last note of the song . the music end with miss piggy stand on the desk , she arm outstreton . she hold that pose , in silence . . kermit Excuse I . miss piggy react with she back to Kermit , think fast in a effort to explain she position . ~ miss piggy so , what do you think of the wallpaper ? courmnved 23. 33 continued : : . 23 . . well ... miss piggy continue , still not look at Kermit . miss piggy - personally , I would like to a . nice small floral print , with a big portrait of Lady holiday right there , and down at this end ... aieeesa ! miss piggy have walk off the end of she desk , and fall into the wastepaper basket , where she lie , stunne and groggy . Kermit rush to she side . kermit Lady holiday . Lady holiday , be you all right . from miss piggy 's semi-conscious point of view , Kermit look like a green blur as he call to she . kermit ( continue ) {echo voice ) Lady holiday . Lady holiday . wake up , Lady holiday . finally , Kermit come into focus , and miss piggy can hardly believe she ey gere be the Prince charm she 's be wait for ... ber dream come true . as bell ring and violin play rocket explode and stardust fall , miss piggy fall , too ... deeply , hopele : ly , rapturously in love ! kermit Lady holiday ... be you okay ? miss piggy I be fine . I be so embarrassed . { I do not usually fall like that . kermit bo , no , no , it be all my fault . must have startle you . . miss piggy no , no , no . iwas day dream . I should be more careful . kermit T should have knock . continued i i ! i | i 4 23 . continued : 23. miss piggy '' I should not be so absant-mindad . kermit - I should have make a appointment . '' ( miss piggy be we finish apologize to each other ? kermit I think so . miss piggy then help I out of this waste can , will 'ya ? kermit oh , sorry . he help mi : piggy out of she unladylike predicament . they stare at each other for a breathless moment . . miss piggy so ... here we be , whoever you be . kermit I be Kermit . I have come all the way from America to interview you for the Daily Chronicle . miss procy why I ? kermit because you be Lady holiday . miss piggy oh ? {then realize ) 7 oh , yesh . right. reason enough . kermit so , can we talk ? miss piggy th ... well , right now it 's a bit inconvenient . kermit I can come back ? continued 23 . continued : cc '' 3 23 . miss piggy maybe you should . kermit . when ? miss piggy I do not know . kermit maybe we could go to dinner . miss piggy dinner . yes . oh , that 's a wonderful idea . let 's do that . ~ kermit shall I pick you up ? miss piggy where ? kermit at you house . ( deat ) I 'l. bet it 's beautiful . miss piggy I be sure it be . I mean , it sure be . be you nut ? of course it be . I be Lady holiday . t¥m not gonna live in some pig pen . . xermit I be not too familiar with though area . you will have to tell I how to gat there . miss piggy oh ... you can not get there : 1 mean , from here . it 's vary hard ... look , I could meet you . why do not wa do it that way ? . kermit no , no ... where I come from , a gentleman call for the lady . miss piggy {to camera ) he be too good to be true . continued 6 ° continued : 23 . : xerait t'il need a addre : be you house in the city ... or the country ? . . miss piggy what do you think ? kermit probably in the city . miss piggy ah but where ? - kermit probably some highbrow street somewhere . miss piggy 's bighbrow atreet ! absolutely right . highbrow Street . one ~ six -one-seven highbrow Street . you figure it out , you gorgeous little amphibian . kermit '' oneosix-one-seven highbrow Street . I will be there with bell on . miss piggy escort Kermit to the door . miss piggy do not wear bell . there may be guard dog . kermit ( confuse ) what ? miss piggy open the door . miss piggy no 's ( then ) Seven ‘o 'clock . be there . aloha . Kermit exit , miss piggy lean against the door , exhaust , but irrevocably in lov continued i a | | | i 37 23 , continued : 23 . : miss piggy ( continue ) ( sighing ; heavenward ) and in foggy londontown , the sun be shine ... everywhere . CUT to : . 24 . int . reception area ~ day 24 . fozzie ig lean casually against a desk , try to imprass a model who be thumbing through a magazine , obviously not listen to he . fo22ie ++- and then , in the winter , I usually tak couple month off ... ( see Kermit come down the hall ) +-- while my brother go out to California for the jump contest ... be politely tip he hat . foz2ie ( continue ) ++e well , I have gotta go now . the model still do not acknowledge fozzie . kermit guess what ... I be have dinner with none other than Lady holiday , pozzie ( excited ) yeah ? when ? tonight . c'mon about it on the hotel . . they cross to the elevator . gonzo follow , distract by each utiful model he see . gonzo Boy ... this place be more fun than 4 barrel of chicken . continued 24 . 26 . 38 continued : 24. gonzo be so rusy look at the model , he do not realize the vator be slightly open , but there or. @ walk into the open and plunge down the shaft . - fozzie I think we just lose gonzo . kermit - ( not worried ) you never really lose gonzo. ( call down open shaft ) gonzo ... be you hurt ? gonzo { 0.s. ) I do not know . T have not hit bottom yet . sfx : distant crash . fozzie ( after a beat ) let 's hope ha land on he nose . cur to : rir. lift shaft + day 25 . they look down the elevator shaft to see gonzo smashed at the bottom like a accordion . . gonzo . that be fun . I be gonna try it again ... from the pike position . cuut to : ext . office build - day . 26 . gutside the holiday Building , a uniform doorman straighten gonzo 's nose while Kermit and fozgie try to hail a cab . : gonzo . {to doorman} . much oblige . . kermit ' taxi ! a taxi go right by . i 26 . continued : . 26 . fozzie ( to Kermit ) > . se tell I about Lady holiday . be she pretty ? kermit oh , yeah . not at all what I ixpected ... nice @ , sturdy 2 leg ... and it might have be 3 my imagination , but I think she a find I attractive . ( yell ) taxi ! é another cab go by . ; : - fozzie of course she find you attractive . it run in the family . kermit taxil > a third taxi go by . a : kermit i ( continue ) ; how come the cab do not stop ? : gonzo ' leave it to I . gonzo hurl himself into the street and sprawl into the path of a speed cab . gonzo ( continue ) taxdidiat iil the cab screech to a halt , stop inch from gonzo 's nose . kermit that 's vary effective . gonzo , . yeah . it 's great when it work . ' the three muppet climb into the cab . 40 27 . int . cab ~ day 27 . the driver of which be bo , who ts too stupid to know that a cab driver should have some sense of direction . 30 where you guy goin ? - folzie happiness rotel . 30 ( delighted ) oh , good . that 's where I be go . how do you get there ? kermit have not you ever be there ? 30 ' sure . I live there . I just . do not know how to get there . kermit I think it 's straight ahead . bo , right . 28 . ext . cab - day . 28 . bo make a u-turn and the cab head in the opposite direction as other car swerve to avoid they . cur to : 29 . int . cab ~ day 23 . kermit good . just keep go straight . bo will do . . 30 . ' ext . cab - day 30 . bo whip another U and the cab head back the other way . more car screech and squeal and honk . CUT to : 31 . 32 , be int . cab - day 31 . bo take a while to get to know the town , fozzie bow long have you live in London ? all my life . . kermit how come you do not have a English accent ? bo hey , I be lucky to have a driver 's license . ( then ) where to ? kermit the happiness Hotel . bo never hearg of it . kermit just keep goin’ straight . bo right . he make another U turn , to the dismay of the three muppet and the driver of the other vehicle . CUT to : ext . happiness HOTEL - # 26ht dan 32 . it 's almost dark as bo 's cab approach the hotel . kermit ( 0.5 . ) * it 's right up here on the fight . bo ( 0.8 . ) what be ? kermit ( 0.s. ) the happiness Hotel . bo ( 0.s. ) qh , yeah . what 's you room number ? . continued j 1 32 . 33. continued : 32 . foerzie ( 0.8 . ) we be on the second floor . bo ( 0.5 . ) : sorry . I can only take you as far as the lobby . . the cab make a sharp turn , cross the street and crash right through the front door of the hotel . gonzo b 8 . ) wheee ! CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby ~ q¢iff day 33 . the debris settles as the cab come to a stop and the - muppet get out . pop , behind the desk , barely look up . nor do Janice who lie in a lounge chair in a bathing suit , read '' Rolling Stone " while tanning under a gun lamp . nor do rowlf , who sit at a ola piano , play bar- type background music . . kermit ( to bo ) there you go . keep the change . bo thank you . how much do I owe you ? Kermit re-act then he and forzis and gonzo head for they room . rowlf , at the piano , segues into " rainbow connection " . . rowlf ( sing ) why be there so many song about rainbow , and what 's on the other ... kermit bowl. ( stop ) huh ? kermit wrong movie . continued 1 i i continued : 33. rowlp ( realize ) oh. yeah . sorry . I still think it should have win the oscar . bo hey ...how do I get out of here ? kermit T suggest you make a U turn . bo right . cheerio , he gun the engine and the cab go straight ahead , through the archway lead to the dining room . gonzo that 's my kind of guy . fozzie he 's head for the kitchen ! a loud crash be hear and the SOUND of the car engine roar off in the distance . the swedish chef appear , skidmark on he white uniZorm , hold a large pot with a steering wheel in it . chef clie yourman turstun fermin morgen hurt . por ‘( to Kermit ) look like we be have steeting wheel souffle for dinner . rowlf again ? kermit sound delicious ... but I be go out to dinner . '' fozzie ( to pop ) yeah , Kermit have a date with Lady h ... kermit ( cut he off ) shh ! do not tell anybody . there could be rival reporter just wait to gat a scoop on we . continued 44 py 33 . conrrnue : 2. ro. : pozzie oh , sorry . 3 '' , do not tell anybody about Kermit 's date with Lady holiday . ' por i '' 3 qoudly ) | : Kermit 's get a date with Lady holiday ? : : janice I : . oh , wow ! I mean , fer sure . ' I could like rilly get behind . that . wait will '' tell the guy i in the band ! ployd , Dr. teeth and Zoct appear from a second floor , : foon . tell we what ? 200t yeah , what 's goin ' down ? swedish chef ' | hurgan burgen nergen jergen Kermit . || dr . teete Kermit and Lady holiday ? alreet ! - | . honeydew and beaker appear . honeydew Nice go , Kermit . we be very impressed . kermit ( exasperate ) might as well telegraph it all over the world . beaker ( morse=code like ) meep mesp meep meep mesp meep meep meap reap meep meep meep maep ... . other muppet come out of they room , include Sam , scooter , the rat and Animal . continued 45 33 . continued : 33. : SAM , at ° ( admonish ) + we have a strict curfew . just make sure you be home by Tuesday . scooter do not do anything we would not do . ( play and sing ) get a date with a angel . gonna meat she at sevan . | : . . rowle all join in . i rowlf ( continue ) | get a date with a a '' ~ and I be on my way to heaven . kermi < ( as red as he can turn ) . this ig really embarrassing - thanks a lot , fozzie . fozz iz hey , do not worry about it . it do not go outside of this room , the newsman pop '' p .ftom behind pop 's front desk , microphone in hand , | ' newsman : ' . in the muppat news tonight , this just in . Kermit to date | : Lady holiday . detail at eleven . cut to : 3 . int . happiness HOTEL . kermit n's room - night 34 . Kermit be get ready for he date . his face be lather and he be shave . forzie watch he long - ingly in the mirror . gonzo be on the window ledge take picture for a story on vertigo . kermit I '' glad you do not tell anybody where Lady holiday liva : . othar= wise they would be campe on she doorstep . continued 1 continued : m4. fozzie juste for you and I to know , brother . we be gonna have we sowe fun tonight . * - kermit me? whaddaya mean '' we '? poz2ie the two of we . ( indicate a spot on kemit 's cheek ) you miss a spot . ( than ) anyway , when we get there , we should ... kermit ( cut he off ) me. when I get there . zt 3 my the . just I . I be alone . I and Lady rolidsy . that 's it . not we . I . folzie ( hurt ) oh . I 's well ... that 's fine . Kermit wipe the excess lather off he face . kermit shave 's fun . I wish I have whisker . course then I would have to use a blade . pozzie you be really go without I , huh ? kermit ia not it eesier to talk to one reporter than it be to two ? fozzie yeah ... I guess so . kermit she do not even know you . fozzie to know I be to love I . kermit that 's true ... but this be something I have gotta handle alone . continued a7 '' 34 . continued : . 34 . ' : ! fozzie : ( hurt ) no problem . kermit all right , then ... mobic . downbeat . * soe : * steppin ' out witha STAR -4 - kermit hey gimme my cuff link and hand I my tie just drench I in rich cologne and do not ask I why go on and pluck I boutoniere I be movin ' up and walkin’ on air steppin 's out with a star 1 and feelin ' high come polish my wing tip ( to gonzo ) I and call for the car gonzo ( whistle ) kermit . I will sweep she right off she foot £ wherever we be a satin collar and velvet vest I never settle for second bast 8 in ' out with a star sad time bya bye . - { add ukelale ) haye I get style have I get taste on someone else I swear this savoir faire would be such a waste -2 - ! { come toss I my top hat I be ready to fly bustin ' into the upper crust as easy as pie i ( see image of miss piggy in mirror} '' continued : i ; i i | 34 . continued : kermit just watch my dream come true this be something I be bear to do steppin ' out with a star -. that star be you whistle - 16 - stop time - 8 -- orch - b- fo2 zzie have you get class kermit have I get class pozzie have you get chic kermit have I get chic fozzie to think that you and I be nobody why only last week - 2 - 2 I be ready to fly ~ 2 - as easy as pie just you watch my dream come true thie be something I be bear to do foszie , kermit , gonzo steppin 's out with a star kermit * bye bad time pozzie , kermit , gonzo steppin 's out with a star continued 34 . i ! i i i ag 34 . continued : 34 . kermit hey good time fozzie£ , kermit , . gonzo steppin 's out with a star xermit and feelin’ high . kermit 2 fozzie and feelin’ high yeah ! the song end with Kermit look in the mirror , check himself out . pozzie 's face be inch away , t also look in the mirror . rermit . ( continue ) Wall , how do I look ? fozzie ' which one ara you ? kermit I be the one on the leave . forzie shake he head in disbeliaf . fozzie . incredible . kermit . nagree } . . ' tt ds amazing . fozzie the spitting image . kermit . two peas in a pod . fozzie no ... just one . desert by the other paa ... leave in a lonely pod . kermit you will not be alone . you have get gonzo . gonzo , on the window ledge , try to get a interest - ing shot of pigeon on the roof , lose he balance and falis . continued ! 1 | : 3m. 50 continued : au. gonzo ( 0.5 . ) ( fall ) say cheeeeesessessei folzie ( terribly depressed ) I would rather be with you . Kermit look at this most pathetic figure and he heart melt . kermit okay ... you can go . pozzie '' ( brighten ) y'mean it ? kermit yeah . but let I do the talice . fo2 zie my lip be seal ! kermit tt 's get to be very low key . pozziz you get it . forzie cross to the door . . kermit okay . I be count on you . fozzie do not worry , Kermit . we will not let you down . kermit ( vealize ) we ? what do you mean " we " ? fozzie open the door . pozzie great news , gang ! we can go . ton of muppet tumble , cheer , into the room . on Kermit 's look of '' I have be have " , we : cur to : ! i 35 . 36 . 52 ext . 161 ? highbrow STREET - night 35 . this be a very nice two -storey house in a fashionable section of London , probubly w.1 . miss piggy , gown and coiff , stand outside the door , wonder how she 's go to pull it off . she peek tentatively through a curtain window . . cut to : mr . dine room - night 36 . a stuffy , proper English couple , one of whom lock like John clee : dine silently in a formal dining room as pig 's sye and a trace of snout press against the window for a brief momant , then disappear . dorcas ( effere ) pea ? greville please . he take they , dorcas wine ? greville Fine . she pour . . . dorcas : ( offer ) duck ? greville ( make a face ) yuck . suddenly , a strange clanking noise can be hear come from outside . the couple react , curious , but calm . greville lean sideways in he chair and lock out the window.up the side of the building , then assume he original position . . dorcas what be it , greville ? greville ( calmly ) just a pig climb up the drainpipe . ( more ) continued : : ' i $ 2 36 . ~ continued : 36 . | greville ( continue , offer ) — tea ? i dorcas . not for I . ~ cut mo : 37 . ext. house ~ night 37 , - miss piggy be indeed work she way up the drainpipe purse over she shoulder , glass slipper on she foot , evening gown blow in the bree : as she climb , she almost slip , but regains he . alance . miss piggy ( breathless ; to camera ) from now on , if they want stunt , thay get a double . j she continue to climb . , cur to : 38 ... int . house = night 38 . ° dorcas ( offer ) spinach ? ' : ( shake he head '' no " ) pinach . he push plate away . there be silence , save for the continue clanking noise as piggy climb . dorcas greville , we do not seem to have uch to say to each other anymore , greville be doze off into he food , recover jist before he haad hit he plate . G whatever do you mean ? dorcas I mean , you seem bored . be you bored . continued 53 14 38 . '' continued : greville ( lighting a pipe ) me? bore ? do not be silly . . tf I be bored , I would not be enjoy myself and as anyone can plainly see , I and have the time of ; ' . my life . I think you would have to have ' . look far to find a person who be 's have more fun than this chap . dorcas ' Excuse mar , but do you say a pig , i be climb up the drainpipe ? : greville lt ( think ) 1 . yes , I believe I do . , i dorcas I think so . ' gl | but to get back to . . discussion .. the close I actually cama to be bored be about three year ago -.... , CUT to : . 39 . ext . house - night , wt miss piggy at the top now , hang on the eave . as greville 's voice continue , piggy swing back and forth , gainingmementum , in a attemt to catapult , : herself through a open window . greville ( 0.s. ) oe - T feel I need to shake up my life , so I go out and buy } slipper . surely , you must recall ' : that . . dorcas ( 0.5 . ) : 1 T believe that be swo year ago , . : not three . greville ( 0.3 . ) no , no . I be sure I buy the slipper three year ago . two year ago I buy this pipe . , continued 38 . 39 . 39 . 40 . 41 . 54 continued : 39 . dorcas ( 0.3 . ) I do not recall you be be bored two year ago . T be not bored two year ' aga . miss piggy let go and fly through the open window . cur to : int . dine - room = night 40 . the couple hear a loud crash from upstairs . what be that ? dorcas greville do not change the subject . we be try to pinpoint a here . you as much admit a few second ago that you do not recall my be bored two year ago . hence , if I be not bored , I would not have buy the slipper ... nor , would I have buy the pipe . now ... be we agree . dorcas if you say so , dear . ( beat ) : . and you maintain that you be not bored now . greville iam not . have not we just be over that ? if I be bored , I would go out and buy something , would not I ? int . bighbrow house composite = night 41 . as greville and - dorca continue to talk downstairs , , miss piggy be try to untangle herself from a lamp cord . finally she do and make she way to the head of the stair , begin intercut betwaen greville and dorca in the dining room and miss piggy make she way down the stair into the live roam , where she hide behind the fireplace , within sight of the front door . continued , > > '' . | i a 55 continued : 41. dorcas I imagine you would , that be the premise . greville . of course I would . that 's the kind of spur-of - the-moment fallow I be . ts dorcas -- and what would you buy ? greville you maan , if I be bored and id to buy something ? dorcas '' yes . . greville because we have establish I would not buy something unless I be bored . dorcas yes . what would you buy if you be borad ? greville perhaps a neck tie . dorcas I would like to come with you to help you pick it out . . greville that 's not necessary , dorca . there 's no need for you to leave the house . . dorcas T would not mind . I have be a bit vastiess lately . have not be outside for twelve yeara . greville Wall , the weather 's be nasty . dorcas still in all ... there 's no reason for I to stay here all the time . the child be go , the pet be dead , the butler 's be dis - charge . no one ever visit uo . continued | | 41 . continued : the doorbell ring . graville pull a pocket watch out of he pocket , check it , puzzle . greville : saven o'clock ? ( to dorca ) be you expect quest ? do} I do not believe so . greville neither be i. ( beat ) that be the doorbell ? dorcas I believe it be , yes . greville and the butler 's dead ? dorcas no ...th ts be dead , butler 's be discharge . gl shall I answer it , then ? dorcas well . I do not know , actually . parhap I should answer it , . greville perhaps they will go away . the doorbell ring again . miss piggy squirm nervously . greville they be not go away . . dorcas no ... I do not . suppose they be . greville one of we should answer it . -- dorcas I suppose it will come down to be you or I . greville yes , it shall have to be one or the other . continued 41 . | | ! 4 . 42 . s7 continued : 41. dorcas T do not mind answer it . greville . T do not know if you should . it would be rather chilly by the door , dorcas parhap you could get I a sweater . greville or I could answer the door . dorcas or we could both answer it , miss piggy ( emerge from behind fireplace ) T will answer it ! greville oh .... that 's quite kind of you . miss piggy cross to the door . greville ocontinue to dorca ; puzzle ) do not you say the pet have die ? dorcas yes ... I think they have . ext . brighbrow STREET - night 42 . miss piggy open the door . Kermit stand there , hold - ing a corsage . behind he , park at the curb , be bo in he taxi . miss piggy oh , hello . kermit . ' ( hand she corsage ) this be for you . miss piggy why , thank you . ( look behind she ) well , let 's gat goin’ . continued 42 . a3. continued : 42 . Kermit try to peek into the house . kermit I have never see a real live ritzy English house before . miss piggy . be not you hungry ? kermit sure ... but we have get a few minute . miss piggy _o okay ... let 's take a few minute . she yank he through the door , then close it behind hin . int. highbrow house composite - night 43 . she pull he '~ with she out of sight of the English couple , who crane they neck try to see what 's go on in they house . kermit {rubbing he sore arn ) uh.. - nice place you have get here . greville get up from the table . miss piggy thanks . I practically steal it . miss piggy begin pull Kermit from room to room , just ahead of the bewilder greville who ea not quite understand the meaning of all this . greville I say there ... kermit that guy 's follow we . miss piggy he 's some sort of servant . just make sure we be 1 right . this , of course , the draw foor . continued i t i 43. continued : 43. kermit ( look around ) oh , nice . do you buy this furniture here in London ... miss piggy pull Kermit , in mid-sentence , into another door just as greville round the corner . kermit ( continue ) whirlwind tour , huh ? miss piggy uh-huh. ( point ) Main bath . no sense stop here . she whisk xermit through door and down hallway , one step ahead of greville . miss piggy ( continue ) Library ... Study ... Laundry room ... at one point , she pull Kermit into a closet and close the door . miss piggy ( continue from the dark ) and this be the closet . kermit Nice . Dark , but. nice . greville , open the door , light pour in on piggy and Kermit . greville oh , sorry . uh... hope I be not be rude , but be there anything I can do for you ? miss piggy uh , yeq ... we need the name of a bice place to have dinner . . greville well , there 's the dubonnet Club . actually , it 's not so much a dinner place as it be a.. continued 43 , 60 continued : 43. miss piggy thanks . no time for cocktail , . jeeve . we be already late . she once again pull xermit behind she and exit out the front door while a totally perplex greville still stare into the closet . miss piggy re-open the door . miss piggy ( to greville ) tf I can just say one thing ... you be a@ very nica man ... but probably the - most boring person in the world . she blam the door behind she as dorca enter the hallway . dorcas {to greville ) why be you stare into the closet ? greville you recall the pig I mention ? dorcas the one that be climb the drainpipe ? greville yes . dorcas I see to recall that , yes . greville well , it be just here in the gloset .. along with a frog . dorcas T see . and what do they want ? greville the name of a good restaurant . T tell they the dubonnet Club . dorcas that 's more a supper club than a restaurant . greville yes . I try to tell they that . dorcas Wall , do not blame yourself . continued i i 43. 44 . 45 . 46 . 61 continued : 43 . greville no , no . life must go on . dorca nod and we CUT to : int . cab - night 44 , Kermit and miss piggy get comfortable in the back seat of the taxi as bo start the engine . bo where to , folk ? ~ miss piggy dubonnet Club . bo ( at a loss ) hoo boy ! be not that alwayz the way ? you pick the one place in London T do not know how to get to . miss piggy it think you go straight . bo right . cur to : ext . highbrow STREET - night 4s . bo 's taxi whip a u-turn then head in the other direction . int . cab - night . 46 . Kermit and miss piggy seem to be have a lovely time , smile at each other , not listen to bort as he give a } miaguide tour . bo speak . : bo - ++e- and over there on you lefe be some famous place . either the Empire State Building or the eiffel Tower , 62 first . : revision i ~ 47 . ( deleted ) a7 . m' '' , 48 . ext . another lofoon STREET - nicht a . as the happiness Hotel bus chug into the pictur . 's ' hiss and coughin tt *s @ convert doubl : cker t to . - - bus tha be outrageously paint have a t better dey . ooctor he at to . 1 , try to t peer through filthy bug-enerusted window : steam pour out of the radistor and the engine wheeze . various muppet overflow the deck , include gonzo and fozzie . some huppet lean out the window , other press they nose against the glass try to get a glimpse of Kermit and Lady holiday . . i { dialogue from scene 4 % to go into above ) c rowlf x hey , everybody there they be , : keralt and he new rt-throb . , zoot hubba-hubdba : dr . teeth ding ding. + : Zoot blow a '' wolf whistle " on he sax . scodter Kermit 's get a girl friend . Kermit 's get a girl friend . : Kermit look music : downbeat . u song : '' night life " , | the electric hayhem play " night life " on the top of : the bua as the procession : continue through the avenue : ef London along parkside street and around the : " clrcuses™ they go . _ 's : - 4 - i , ginime my good féiend La : ay ausic ~ . . , . . . my nightlife - ' . - 1 . i : . : continued , i ag . a. 62a first revision continued a . " talk ao that guitar " mw roll mar that boogie hey , cie my nightlife - es a we will dance in the moonlight we will rock until dawa - if you can not dig it baby T 's movin on . - 2 - good time - jd the feelin yeah , - glume ay nightlife -2 - -12 - inst . we will dance in the 1l rock until dawn if you . can not dig it baby T be movin on . jonlight -2 - sing I the good time ' Cause I need the feelin ! yeah , cimme my . nightlife ext . dubonnet club = night a . the music end as happiness Hotel bus arrive at the antrance of the dubbonet Club where it break down , ita radiator explode , its fender fall off and ita tyre go flat . CUT to : ! | 4 i i | int . dubonnet club - night 50 . it 's a beautiful posh , art deco , f. Scott fitzgeraldish nightclub , decorate entirely in biack and white , with a dance floor in the center and a band dress in white tail play Glenn Miller type music . elegantly dress londoner populate the place , save for four strange look being at one tabl : Kermit , forzie , miss piggy and gonzo . gonzo take a picture of the waiter , while Kermit and forzie lock around in awe and miss piggy look at the menu . - fozzie Boy , @ classy place like this , you would think they would have pretzel on the table . miss piggy - ( look at menu ) gocco ! look at this wonderful menu . kermit - ( look ; gulp ) yikestt miss piggy something wrong , xermy ? kermit no , nol ( chuckle ) it 's just kind of amusing that the roast beef be the same price as a oldsmobile . ' ( then , ina very nervous , . high voica ) you ...uh , eat here often , Lady roliday ? miss piggy ( lovingly ) only on special occasion , xkermy . and this be very special . ( then , sharply , to waiter ) waiter ! Champagne and caviar , w'il vous plait ! kermit ( to himself ) Sacre blue ! ( to miss piggy ) Excuse I , Lady holiday . ( more ) continued { | | i 64 continued : so. kermit ( continue then , to fozzie and gonzo ) you guy get about sixteen ~ oo undre dollar on you ? si. forze I have a dime in ay loafer . but mom tell meto keep it for a phone call . kermit how be we go to pay for this ? gonzo leave it to I . cur to : int . corner table - night 51 . husband and wife sit at a table , have a cocktail . suddenly , a flash bulb go off in they face . pull back to reveal gonzo , who hes just take a picture of they . gonzo thera you be , folk . souvenir picture . gimme you name and address and ten buck . . husband oh. joliy good . he hand gonzo the money and a business card and gonzo move onto the next table , where another couple sit , whisper romatically . . gonzo how ' bout you folk ? souvenir picture ? gentleman ( suddenly nervous ) : «+. mo , no picture . thanks . . gonzo oh , come on . just slide over next to you wife and you will have a great momento . continued | i i i si. 52 . 65 continued : si. . gentleman I do not want a momento . get my : my wife be not feel well . gonzo " that 's too bad . maybe she should be at hane . gentleman ntry to get the message across ) she be at home . gonzo . ( finally understanding ) next table . he move quickly away . int . dubonnet club entrance ~ night 52 . Lady holiday dress smartly in a black evening . dresa and dazzle diamond necklace enter accompany by she nephew , nicky , a great look 8 x 10 glossy of a guy wear a black tuxedo and ly lock red and white stripe sock . they be greet by a maitre ‘d , maitre 'd good evening , Lady holiday . it be such a pleasure to see you . lady holiday thank you , stanley . maitre'd my , what a lovely diamond necklace . lady holiday it be rather breath - take , be not it ? I feel a little skittish wear it but my nephew , nicky , insisted ... to nicky ) give stanley a tip , will you ? nicky for compliment you on you recklace ? : continued 52 . continued : : 52. lady hcliday no ... because it 's customary . nicky . . ( xeaching into he pocket ) T do not have any change on I . lady holiday — . then give he something bigger . nicky sure , ( then , feel for he walle t gee , I must have leave my wallet ° at home . gady holiday ( disgust ) you leave you wallet in college . maitre 'd escort they to a table . CUT to : 33 . int . dance floor - night 53 . the orchestra play tasteful dance music as Kermit and miss piggy dance among other dance couple on the dance floor : miss piggy Boy ... that caviar be yummy . ( smack she lip ) whoc -eee ! Love that fish egg . must 'a cost you a pretty penny . xermit my pleasure ... uh , would it be okay if we talk about the jewel robbery ? miss piggy oh , kermy , let 's not talk business . right now , there 's music in the air , the night be young , and I be 30 beautiful ... what jewel robbery ? kermit you necklace . , . the one steal ....? CO ; tinued | | 53. sa. 67 continued : 53. miss piggy do anyone every tell you , you have lovely eye ? Kermit squish up he mouth . he 's get nowhere . ' they ' dance past the table whe : fozxie be ' pour as much sugar ag possible into he champagne . xermuit I will sey one thing .... you sure know how to trip the light fantastic , Lady holiday . miss piggy it take two to tango , kermy . Ginger wag nothing without pred . kermit yeah , but do not Fred usually lead ? miss piggy ( realize ) oh , excuse moi . I do not realize iwas take charge here . would you care to ... xermit no , no . I do not mind . it 's quite pleasant , actually . I feel like I be dance on air . kermit 's feet which be off the floor , as miss piggy twirl he around the dance floor past fozzie 's table . pozzie ( deink champagne and . s@ack he lip ) ahh ! you know if you put enough sugar in this stuff it tastesjust like ginger ale . CUT tos int . another part of the dubonnet club . lady holiday' table - night 54 . ' the music continue as nicky maki seat and then sit next to she . stand beside the table , wait for a tip . sure he aunt be the maitre 'd continued i " sa . '' continued : 34. wicky ( to maitre 'd ) thanks a lot . i'11 catch you another time . maitre 'd glare and exit . — wicky ( continue ) there , auntie ... be not you happy we be here ? lady holiday I would be happier with this necklace lock in a safe . I feel as if thief be breathe down my neck . nicky ( breathe down she neck ) nonsense . lady holiday nevertheless , I want my jewel put in the safe immediately . nicky ( quickly } ( then ) I mean , uh ...0 for course ... if that 's the way you feel . not he look at he watch , then toward the rear door . nicky {continusd ) I will ask the maitre would to take care of it . lady holiday do not forget to tip he . cky nod , rise and walk toward the front of the club , look back to make sure he aunt be not watch , then take a quick leave , cross to the rear door , open it , tape the lock shut , watergate fashion , - look around and head back to the table . CUT to : i t 5s . 56 . ext . alley behind dubonnet club - night 55 . a sleek convertible sport car with three sleek female model dress entirely in black , purr slowly around the corner toward the rear entrance of the club and stop in a alleyway . without a sound , carla , marla and Darla climb out of the car and approach 4 door mark '' dubonnet Club , rear entrance " . one of the girl carry a emall velvet - line bag . CUT to : int . dubonnet club . dance floor - night 56 . the dubonnet orchestra , under the direction of armando di fiore sequ into another song . miss piggy and Kermit be dance cheek to cheek and the mood be very romantic . song : '' the first time it happens '' miss piggy the first time you see hin no bolt from the blue just something so quiet that 's wait for you with no one to tell you where. you have got.to go -.. the first time it happen you know kermit the first time you see she no magical change no angel appear no dream to arrange just warmer and colder than springtime or snow the first time it happen you know bote and sco you fall and how complete it be and for each moment that it last how sweet it be ( chorus hum in background ) the first time together how simple , how rare i i i 36 . 57 . 3a. 39 . 70 first revision ' continued 56 . - kermit and just when you think . you would forget how to care miss piccy and though you feel much more than you would dare to show both '' the first time it happen you know cur to : int . oubonnet club - rear entrance 37 . Three girl , clad entirely in black , quietly enter the club and disap '' from sight . CUT tos int . oubonnet club . oance floor - night 58 . - miss piggy 's I could just keep on dance forever . . , kermit . it know . you be wear I - out . es Kermit in the dust and be now move + other couple step aside eross the floor past fozzie have a lobster blb around he neck , a live lobster pinch he nose . fozzzie I guess I should not have order the lobster rare . int . oubdnnet club . dance floor - nicht 53 . : - ~he : . as miss piggy twirl by , white tuxedo would mala chorus dancer enter as if by aagie and begin sing . - male dancers the first time you see she . na magical change no angel appear wo dream to arrange continueo sr ws e - 39 . 71 ) first revision ' continued 59 . . male dancers ( continue ) ( in tango time ) just wareer and colder then speingtime or snow the first time it happen . you know full dance continue - 10 - cuT tos int . ousonnet club . lady holiday' table - night 60 . while the music plays , and miss piggy strut hee stuff , nicky nervously look behind he as the model fan out and lurk in different part of the roo take no notice becsuse nicky ?! Lady holiday je 's watch the dance floor . lady ' holiday nicky almost jump out of he tux .°: huh ?! aoe what ? 's nicky what ls it ? lady holiday ( point to dance floar ) I think that 's my as secretary out there dance . oh , yeah ? the pig . nicky which one ? lady holiday through a maze of people , nicky finally catch a glance of miss piggy and it 's as if he 's be strike by lightning , the foct 1s that electric . never in he life have nicky be this enthralled . " she .... shot forty - five word a minute . avera nicky . - . tional . . . lady holiday about sweeping - 8 - continued 72 '' first revision . ' . 60 . continued - 60. t resist the lure of miss piggy . as the music mapa , and hiss piggy be whirle froa tner to partner , nicky make he way towerd she , he leg like jelly . Kermit , off to one side , be equally enthralled and '' begin to sing . miss piggy , dance she Little heart out , still have time to look *n Kermit 's direction and answer he in sing . meanwhile , nicky , have somehow joinad the end of the chorus line , and shen hiss piggy of danc ltzing around '' : into at ane point , hi : off the ground as nicky whirl he : : . anoth : th in a close shot , nicky 's red and 1 ( stri stock foot be off the ground as mi presumably whirl he around the floor . | t chorus : ( miss piggy meet nicky ) : and just when you think you would forget how to care he . ( miss piggy pull up dress ) ( tape dance ) watch . . - 4 -. ( feet of miss piccy ) { - 12 - : ( dance ) | C during which we cut to fozzie with lobster while kerait i i . all and chorus ( hiss piggy with boy } the first '' : it happen . ( Walters do flip ) the first it it happen ( not piggy with boy ) it happen . ( Walters do flip ) the first time it happen : ( entire club be dance ) . ' the first time it happen you know the CUT to : continued i t i i él. 72a first revision int . dubonnet club . lady holiday' table - night 61 , Lady holiday watch she n he nee nicky 's fall in love {s not a part of the plan . . finally , hiss piggy be whisk away by another aan , and micky head back for the table as the music again ohange teapo and build to a finish , possibly eith some high - kick ala the rockettes . the entire nightclub audience , include Kermit and forzie , sway back and forth to the beat . nicky sit back down , just the number end , and give mar. signal . marla throw light switch , plung the nightclub into total darkness . confusion reign , the band stop play and patron grumble . - continued 61 . 62. 73 continued : 61 . suddenly , a scream pierce the air . . '' lady holiday ( 0.8 . ) aleeceee !! 7 waecnan ; ' flashlight , flashbulbse and other source of illumination pop like strobe light and the audience can almost see a robbery take place , as bicky deftly un - snap Lady holiday 's necklace and drop it into the velvet bag hold by cari . effectively clear a a : flee in the darkne : restore . nicky remain : hurry over to the table . maitre'd ' Lady holiday ! what happen ? do you just scream '' aieeeeee " ? wicky she scream it right in my ear . . lady holiday of ' course I scream . steal my necklace ! ( to nicky ) T tell you - this would happen . that necklace be worth a fortune . nicky but other than that , how do you enjoy you evening ? on Lady holiday 's réaction of disgust we cur to : int . kermit table - night 62 . Kermit , confuse , look at the real Lady holiday as a patron pass by . " patron be not . it awful ? someone steal . Lady holiday 's necklace . . . mig piggy , realize that the jig be up as far as she _ identity be conceme , look terrify . kermit Lady holiday ? but T think ... continued 62 , 63. 64 . 74 continued : 62 . he then look around for miss piggy , but she 's no _. longer there . he catch a glimpse of she as she fun out the front door of the club , then go to the Spot where she be stand and pick up 2 glass slipper ahe have leave behind . he look at it , dumbfounded , as the clock strike twelve . it 's midnight , and " porkarella * have vanish . CUT to : ext . misty london cobblestone STREET - night 63 . a clock on a building continue to strike as miss piggy , in the glow of a street lamp , wear one glass slipper , clomp down the cobblestone and disappear into the fog . CUT td : int . HOTEL bathroom ~ night 64 . in this small bathroom , in the crimson glow of a light bulb cover with ced cellophane , gonzo develop picture in a sink full of develop solution , while Kermit and fozzie watch . several picture of surprised couple in awkward pose already be pin on a make - shift drying line . foozzie ( lock at one of the cture ) '' pl thia one 's great , gonzo . you pop the flash just before the soup land on hig tie . gonzo yeah , well , photography 's a art . you have to have the right film , you have to have the right exposure , and you have to scream just as they get the food up to they mouth . there be a pounding on the door . ' SAM ( 0.8 . ) what 's go on in there ? a lot of folk out here want to use the restroom . continued { i { a 73 64 . kermit we will be out as soon as we 's develop this picture . we be try to catch a jewel thief . pop ( 0.5 . ) Weil , catch he in another room . people be dance up and down on one leg out here . grumbling can be hear from other muppet . kermit ( to gonzo ) hurry up , gonzo . there 's gotta be a picture of somebody take '' Lady holiday 's necklace . gonzo I still think the pig take it . kermit she would not steal . gonzo . why not ? she lie . kermit two different thing . besidas , she could not have steal - the necklace because she be dance . . fozzie that 's right . you know the old adage . '' you can not dance and steal at the same time . " gonzo . no , that 's " you can not walk and chew _ gum at the same time " . fozzie I think it 's , '' you can not pat you head and rub you stomach at the same time . " . + kermit - what 's the difference ? she do not steal the necklace ! : gonzo I betcha I can do it . continued ! i ; i ; 64 , 76 continued : 64. kermit do what ? gonzo , , Pat my head and rub my-stomach at ._ — the same time . he start to do it . fouzie Big deal . anybody can do that . fozzie try but can not quite master it , kermit will you guy cut it out ! we be waste time . gonzo turn back to he work . there be more loup pounding on the door . rowlf 10.8 . ) open up in there ! bo ( 0.8 . ) give we '' break ! scooter ( 0.3 . ) . show a little consideration ! - swedish chef ( 0.s. ) nurgan purgen burgen plush . . animal bath-room ! bath-roomt gonzo hold the negative up in the air . gonzo here it be ! as the clamor from outside continue , Kermit , fozzie and gonzo stare at the negative . . fozzie . . wow ! . kermit no doubt about it . it 's that guy sit next to Lady holiday and that girl stand around in the back . . continued 64 , 65 . continued : 64. gonzo it 's a whole gang . rermit and we have get ‘am with they hand in the cookie jar . just then , the door burst open , have be bashed in by the irate muppet , lead by Animal . Light flood the room , and the expose negative ia now useless . fozzie the cookie jar just bust . dissolve to : ext . park { hyde park ) - day : ~ 6s. the flower be - in bloom , the sky be blue , the day be beautiful . at. for karmit , it might az well be Hell . its mournfully on a park bench , hold the glass slipper , think about miss piggy . a man stroll by with he daughter . daughter ( point to karmit ) oh , look daddy ... a bear . man that 's not a bear . that 's a frog . sear wear hat . Kermit smile half - heartedly and the little girl and she the exit down the near - by path . at the same time , @ dishevelled gentleman pass in the other direction notice the melancholy frog and stop . dishevelled gent how ya doin’ , young fella ? kermit ( shrug ) okay , I guess . dishevelled gent *™ . penny for you thought . - xermit it 's a long story . dishevelled gent but a familiar one , I will bet . continued a ) 78 continued : 65 . kermit ( nod ) ag old as the hilis , dishevelled gent - I have be there , my friend . see there and beck again . ( sit , point to glass slioper ) I can tell exactly what happen by the way you be sittin’ there holdin ' that sh you and you brother - in - law cashed in you stock certificate and you insurance Policy to open that little dry nclean establishment . the location seem parfect , do not it ? Foot traffic and highway traffic all day long . no other cleaner in the neighborhood . you need extra equipment so you go into hock . Business fall off as synthetics glutte the clothing market . you brother~ in=law do not bother to show up all the time and you sister start accuse you of try to run the business . another cleaner open the street and he 's charge less and get the job do faster because he 's get more help . you brother~ in~law want you to buy he out because 8 feed up and you kid be get older and they never you and be turn into juvenile dalinquent and you wife say you Care more about the lousy dry clean ' business than you do about she and you equipment break down and you sister move in with you because you rotten brother - in- law join the circus and you have have it up to here and you can not stand it anymore ! ! so , you sell the business for a song to the slob down the street who 's be try to bury you for year and you sink what little money , you have leave into the glass slipper business , right ? - kermit you know .... it 's amazing . you ara a hundred percent wrong . not one thing you say be right . continued 9 65 . continued : 65 . dishevelled gent okay .. then how about this ? you be walk along the beach one Tuesday morning when you see the shatter hulk of a World War two tanker bob up and down near the jetty ...... 8 , kermit . ( cut he off ) I hate to be rude , but we be do a movie here . dishevelled gent oh , sorry . wanna buy a watch ? kermit ( a little miff ) could you just kinda move it ? dishevel gentleman rise , shake he head and move along . dishevelled gent ( mutter as he goes} Movie star . Kermit watch he in disbelief , 66 . ext . hyde park . another angle - day 66 . just as two pig hand cover he eye and miss piggy 's melodious voice be hear . miss piggy guess who -o000 ! kermit I do not know . what be you call yourself today ? miss piggy uncover Kermit 's aye . she stand behind he , lock a bit contrite . miss piggy . . aw , karmy . you be not mad at mar , be you ? kermit you lie to mar . you use I . continued 66 . continued : 66 . ' miss piggy you have not answer my question . kermit what do you care 1 for I be mad at you ? I see the way you be dance with that guy last night . miss piggy you do not wantito dance , remember ? kermit well , let I tell you something , you dance partner happen to be a jewel thief . : miss piggy wait a minute , you be really jealous , be not you ? kermit do not be silly . I do not have time to be jealous . miss piggy yes , you be . you be . you be . kermit the only thing I be mad about be how you have be over - act ever since this movie start . miss piggy what ?! . '' rermit you hear mar . miss piggy you say I be over- act ! kermit you be . . miss piggy Tam a prof I be play emotion he : fional . I do my job . " . ght hundred diffarent kermit tf you can not stand the heat , get out of tha kitchen . continued 1 i ~ — 81 continued : 66. miss piggy maybe iwi.l . maybe I will walk . . kermit yeah . that will solve everything . miss piggy I do not have to stand around and be insulted just because you be jealous . it 's a stupid script anyway . '' twin brother . Red and white stripe sock . climb up drainpipe ... it 's enough to make you ery . she do . - kermit aw , c'mon ... miss piggy ( sobbing ) T be sorry . I be only human . kermit okay ... listen ... miss piggy continue to sob . kermit ( continue ) aw , stop it ... miss piggy I will be okay . she regaingcontrol of herself . kermit . I quesa I 'ma little jealous after all . miss piggy you be ? xermit . sure . + feally like you and ... . miss piggy - aw , kermy ... . kermit you be not over-act .. , not all the time anyway . continued continued : ep oe miss piggy it take a big person to admit he 's wrong . I feel much better now . let 's get back to the plot . kermit oh , yeah ... 80 , you be not Lady holiday , miss piggy no ... I be miss piggy . soon to be the world 's lead fashion model but now the world 's lead gopher , and I have gotta go goph . she start to walk away . kermit where 'ya goin ? miss piggy today 's Lady holiday 's big fashion show . I be on ay lunch hour and I have gotta get back to work . see ya . she start to walk away again . piggy stop , turn . _ kermit uh ... miss piggy . miss piggy what ? kermit ( sotto ) what about the production number ? miss piggy huh ? kermit - : ( sotto ) : there 's suppose to be a production number now , - . miss piggy now ? kermit yeah . could be the prettiest number in the whole movie . continued 67 . 83 continued : miss piggy ( sotto ) . be there any solos ? kermit you and I . miss piggy oh .. that 's nica ... how do I look ? kermit pine .. maybe a sprig of fresh flower pin delicately to you dress . CUT to : ext . park - day this be a beautiful romantic duet where miss piggy and Kermit serenade each other while riding bicycle through the park . in a montage of shot as the song continue , Kermit do soma show off ala sutch cassidy riding one - hand , no -hande , on one foot , etc. , on two - wheeler : thrae - wheeler , bicycle- build - for-two , etc , - '' couldn't we ride " ~=8 — pretty day kermit sunny sky Lovely picture dance in you eye ° miss piggy well could not we ride kermit could not we ride miss piggy summer soft sudden breeze watch the wind play tag in the tree xrss piggy and kermit . well could not we ride - add chorus could not we ride chorus Lovers sing Children dance continued 67 . sy 67 . continued : 67. miss piggy and kermit for a minute we have get a ; chance . kermit why could not we fly miss piggy I know we would get by chorus sunny sky pretty day just a and we're on the way yes could a't we ride miss piggy 4 kermit side by side instrumental - 26 - as Kermit and miss piggy pedal past wonderfully picturesque park scenas evoke memory of day go by when the world be a simpler place and two lover could bill - - and - coo to they xt 's content without worry about the price of gasoline , they be join by othe : muppet on other kind of bicycle for the lovely fina : . fozzie chorus could not we ride could not we fly gonzo . chorus could not we ride it _know wa would get by . chorus humming ployd 4 janice kermit sunny sky . sunny sky pretty day miss piggy pratty day chorus hum rowlf kermit just e@ push just a push and we be on the way . rigay and we be a the way scooter yes could not we ride chorus yes could not we ride miss piggy & kermit piggy & kermit side by side side by side all all muppet could not we ride could not we ride c c music odt : 67. int . backstage - day 68. it 's a busy place . model in casual sun wear prepare to go onstage as dresser run around , and make - up people and hair stylist tend to last- minute cosmetic chore . Lady holiday enter from onstage . amid this chaos nicky stand in front of a mirror sslick down he already slicked hair . lady holiday - ( to everyone in the room ) okay .. we be all set . everybody pay attention . keep it move . do not - linger too long . we just want to give they a hint ... taste ... a soupgon . appetizer , not full course I .. okay , lady ? nlook around , scrutinize ) it do not think you ought to chew gum , Marie . Stephanie , you false eyelash be come unglue ... the shoe be scuff .... and York yankee T-shirt . mig piggy enter speed across the room , push a fack of garment , not look where she 's go . miss piggy gangway ! low bridge ! watch it , sister ! - Lady holiday leap aside to avoid be kill . lady holiday sorry . miss piggy exit fast . nicky ( watch she go ) Shea 's wondarful , be not she ? lady holiday = * I certainly would not get in she way . ( she glance at she : watch , then to nicky ) it 's time . you would better get out there . continued have nicky how do I look ? lady holiday Fine . except you hair dye be run . . she exit . nicky check the mirror for drippage as miss piggy come burst through the room again , she arm laden with elothes . she almost collide with nicky . { miss piggy h mot recognize he ) move it , buster .. we be workin ' '' here . ( then realize ) oh , I be sorry , Mr. holiday . nicky ( in love ) have dinner with I tonight . . miss piggy ( think he 's kid ) raally ... I do have work to do . Excuse I . nicky please . I be serious . from the minute I see you , you ware like a breath of fresh air . I be tired of the same kind of woman ... nindicate model nearby ) +-- tall , thin , gorgeous creature with long , silky hair and perfect skin ... teath like pearl , aqualine nose and long , graceful leg , high cheekbone and soft , ruby lip . miss piggy yeah . I can see where that would make you sick to you stomach . nicky 's tt 's you I want . - miss piggy I be very flatter . really , I be . and it 's not that you be not attractive , even though you hair dye be run , but I be speak or . continued 87 68 . continued : 68. nicky wo not you reconsider ? Kermit stumble backstage accidently . xermit ok , sorry . look for the men' room . : nicky point off somawhere . kermit ( continue ) thanks . Kermit exit . miss piggy that 's he . that 's my kermy . nicky ( crash ) just my luck . acad out by a frog . you could have change my life . give it some purpose . some meaning . but now it 's too late . and I can not ba rasponsible for what happen . miss piggy yeah , well ... ctast la vie . . she go about she busine : as nicky be totally demoralize . carla , marla and Darla , who have be observe this scene , approach . marla {to nicky ) I do not know why you love har like you do . nicky I do not know why , I gust do . . carla . well , you would hetter snap out of . . it ... and fast ! - darla we have get to plant the goods on she to take the heat off we . continued 68 . continued : 63. nicky I know the plan . { just wish there be another way . t eh barla this be @ only way ... especially with the cop start to ask question . . carla and you aunt 's get suspicious . darla and that twin be always nosin’ around . marla and that thing keep take picture . nicky okay ! okay ! I will do my job . and when I giva the signal ... you do yours . the model nod and exit . 69 . int . nicky ( continue , look upward ) forgive I , miss piggy . . CUT to : ballroom ~ day 69 . in this lavish ballroom , on a large runway extend out into a pack audience of the world 's most fashion - : conscious people , nicky stand in the spotlight as a . drum roll sound from the percussionist in tha orchestra 1 pit . micky ( during the drum rolt ) lady and gentleman , welcome to - . London . 'o be gonna dazzle you today with the most exciting new fashion collection of the decade . drum Roll ewp . a continued : , 69 . nicky ( continue ) T be Lady holiday 's nephew , nicky . {he expect applause , but = get none ) thank you . and now , Lady holiday fashion take great pride in present '' slink into summer " . all aboard for the holiday line . the light come up , the orchefera hit the first note of a appropriate fashion theme , and a bevy of model appear from behind the sequine velvet curtaing , wear - ing exquisite summer gowns and drei # , slink down the runway to thunderous applause from the audience . fountain at the end of the runway spew jet of milti- color water into the air . Kermit and fozzie applaud from the press section . gonzo pop flash bulb in people 's face . nicky and here 's the captain of we ship , the host with the mostest ... the one and only Lady holiday ! Lady holiday make a grand entrance to thunderous applause . lady holiday thank you , nicky .... my nephew , nicky , iady and gentleman . ( applause stop instantly ) and now without further ado ... carla enter from behind a curtain to lusty applause from the crowd include statler and waldorf . statler pretty nice line , huh , waldorf ? waldorf yeah . and the dress be not bad , either . . lady holiday meet capricious carla , wear ' the classic white silk crepe de chine blouse update with a sheer knife - pleate black and silver lame bodice , claverly accented with a flock tangier silk waistlet and lavish tromp l'oeil trim at the hemline . fantastique ! and thank you , carla . continued 63. 70 . 90 continued : 69 . there be more applause from everyone , dnelude Kermit and fozzie . pozzie Nice lookin’ dud , huh , Kermit ? kermit well , I like the flock silk waistlet but the trome de l'oeil trim be a little jarring . pozzie when be they gonna show the cava and swamp wear ? > kermit probably save it for the finale . Lady holiday continue as darla enter . lady holiday and here 's delicious Darla ... cut to : int . backstage - day . 70 . nicky watch from the wing as Lady holiday continue to describe Darla 's outfit and the seautifully dress marla stand nearby ready to make she entrance . M. piggy be between they , throw clothes into a hamper . nicky catch marla 's eye and give she a '' thumb - up '' signal . marla noda and fall to the ground . marla 7 {in fake pain} oh..my knee ! I have twistad it ! miss piggy rush to marla 's aid and cradle the fall model 's head in she arn miss piggy oh..you poor thing ! nicky ' ( to marla ) - get up ! you have get to make you entrance ! marla lover-act ) it can not . I think I have break something . oh , the pain ... the pain !! continued 70 . 71 . 91 continued : 70. nicky ( cauttone ; sotto ) lighten up , will ya ? marla sorry . . {then , with less intensity ) och ooh . miss piggy do not worry , marla . i* 12 stay right here with you . wicky ( to miss piggy ) you can not . you have to go '' on in she place . miss piggy hear this and drop marla 's head on the floor like a hot rock . spx : head hitting floor int. ballroom = day no . the audience be agog with excitement . from what they have see so far , the holiday Collection be a big hit . Lady holiday continue she commentary . . lady holiday if szechuan silk and brocade satin tickle you fancy , we have really bring home the bacon with this little number . the curtain part , and a hundrad violin play as the most beautiful pig in the world stand in the spotlight . the audience gasp . Lady h6liday turn to see what they be gasp at . lady holiday . ( aghast ) T may faint . . but there be no need for she to be upset . miss piggy be to the manor horn and more than able to cope with stardom . in a series of dissolves , miss piggy parade up and down the runway along with a bevy of other modsis in various glamorous outfit from the holiday Collection . with each new ensemble , miss piggy and continued i | i | | 920 first revision continued . - 71. kermlt make eye contact and the screen crackle with electricit : gunzo continue to fiash picture . nicky watch from the wing , adairingly as the audience begin to be totaliy enthralled , Lady holiday shrug and decide that {f this la what the people '' want , this be what they 'o get . statler fasten you seat -belt , waldorf . I think they will ba trottin’ out the bikinis pretty soon . waldorf oh , boy ! we would better synchronize we pace - saker . as hiss piggy glide down the runway look into Kermit 's eye , she begin to fantasize . and the -entire production appear to have a dream- like quality . suddenly , '' she porkiness " be clad in a one - piece swimsuit ala esther Williams . the audience {s literally on its foot , clap and cheer its collective heart out . the quale 's if gert Parks be around , it 's obvious that he would be sing . instead , nicky take the microphone and begin croon a rhapsody to miss piggy ; but from miss piggy 's point of view the rhapsody be in the audience and it 's green . cur Tor int . pool + day , . 72. nicky sing a extr ly melodramatic anthes , '' mis : piggy " , az the do water ballet begin . it consist for a series of complex ion utilize other meeer , who for pinw ! be and sove circle around piggy . at the cliaax of the number , misa plgogy be forth on a jet stroam of water , much like lava from mt. St. helen and plunge headlong into the pool . = continued 72 . 's continued song : '' hiss piggy " ah sae chorus -8 - chorus a miracle of spring a miracle of beauty be dazzle by Magic of one a vision of loveliness a universe of we will never . be you be in we daffodil miss piggy whipporeills niss pl piggy piggy y miss piggy the le hare t are -4 - nicky ( v.0 . ) ne ] 92a first revision 72 . gay : hing that 's lovely warm and springy spring all that 's fsir or fine or wonderful or anything nisa piggy where do oh - happiness miss piggy one caress miss piggy nicky , chorus ( see he for . first time ) when do the rapture begin a chorus nicky chorus | nicky grow otion and passion go * continued 5 t I i t i i eo '' '' 72 . 92b first revision 'o continued : . : 72 . nicky ( continue ) all the world 's fr want vas you - ad come true chorus ( piggy back down in water ) miss piggy it 's you piggy rise up . keamit oh - happiness hiss piggy nicky kermit , nicky all the world 's ever want be you - a dream come .true chorus ah = miss plggy - wicky . it 's you kermit it 's you chorus it 's you cut ta : 73. 74 . 73. 93 int . ballroom - day _ 73 . back to reality . what have happen , as avidence by the gasp of the crowd , be that miss piggy have merely step off the end of the runway into the fountain . she sputter to the surface , she golden hair plaster down over she eye . people rush to she aid . kermit ( call ; worried ) miss piggy , be you okay ? int . ballroom .- day - another angle 74 . nicky slip the diamond necklace set , minus the ad . into miss piggy 's raincoat pocket - and rush to miss piggy 's rescue . . ' cur to : int . ballroom - day = another angle . 75 . nicky push through the people around the fountain . . nicky make way , please . make way . ( then ) here 's you raincoat , miss piggy , so you will not catch cold . nicky drape the raincoat over hiss piggy 's shoulder and help she up . miss piggy ' thank you . . nicky you give we quite a scare . we : can not afford to lose any more - model today . . miss piggy I be sorry . I must have trip . let 's not even worry about the whiplash . continued 7 . 94 continued : 75 . miss piggy wave to the audience to show they she 's not burt and inadvertently put she hand in she rain - coat pocket . feeling something inside , she extract the necklace set and wonder what it ds . miss piggy it do not think this belong to I . nicky ( to Lady holiday ) auntie ... do you recognize that ? Lady holiday recognize it immediately . lady holiday that 's my necklace !! miss piggy steal my necklace . security guard be on miss piggy as quick as a wink . whistle be blown , police appear and miss piggy be clapped in handcuffs . nicky mise piggy ... how could you ? miss piggy wait a minutal for do not have anything to do with this . ( then , point to nicky ) Kermit be right , it be you all the time . you be a phoney . the police bagin to érag hiss piggy away . miss piggy ( continue ) ( to nicky ) y'wanna know something else ... you can not even sing . you voice be dub . . kermit ( as she pass he ) do not worry , miss piggy ... we will - get you out of this . miss piggy - yeah ? when ? kermit soon . ' i 's 1 t i 75 . 76 . continued : . 75 . miss piggy ( as she exit ) find out if they will let I keep the costume . and ' she 4s go . '' the audience buzze . reporter crowd around Lady holiday . lady holiday Te juat go to show you , you can not trust anyone . reporter will you be hire anymore Pigs , Lady holiday ? ° lady holiday gen . I will certainly think twice about the . another reporter what about the rest of you jewel ? lady holiday well , I would be a idict to keep then lie around the house , would not 1 ? of jewelry ? the fabulous " ms diamond " ? . lady holiday the Baseball diamond go on permanent at backstage ~ same time 16 . nicky , carla , marla and Darla have be listen from backstage , as they peek out through the curtain . . nicky that 's right . it will be in we poszeazion . we will go to the gallery on Tuesday at midnight . the Baseball diamond will be cur . ' continued i 4 76 . 77 . continued : . 16. the camera pan down to reveal gonzo under a table . he 's obviously be listen intently to every word nicky have say . cur to : close shot - gonzo 77 . int . happiness HOTEL - night gonzo so there I be , backstage , under the table , do @ photo - graphic essay on kneecap , and I hear they plan to steal the diamond . voice op the muppet ( excited ) yeah ? yesh ? then what ? tell we more ! what happen next ? pull back to reveal gonzo , sit on the Murphy bed in he room at the happiness Hotel , with all the other muppet resident , include Kermit and fozzie . gonzo I already tell you . Tuesday Midnight . the mallory Gallery . that 's all I know . various muppet that lous : taey be actually go to steal that diamond . what a bunch of jerk ! we ought to call the police . how can they get away with it ? meep , meep , meep , meep ! kermit ( try for order ) hold it for a second . quiet , everybody . hold it . * muppet {atill jebber ) . rob-ber ! " ber ! that nephew a creep ! at 's get an . we will tear ‘em apart . heep , meep , msep , masp ! I know miss piggy be innocent ! let 's spring she out of jail . pjord borken bake a bomb cakel continued 97 xermit ( yell ) quisiidisiiecs all fall silent , save one voice . janice : ( to floyd ) --- 80 I say , hey , Mom , like it 's my life , okay . I mean , filly , if I wanna live at the beach and walk around naked all day . she stop , see that everyone else be stare at she . finally , Kermit speak . kermit all right . now 1f we be go to get misz piggy out of jail , we go to have to catch that thief red-hand . . bo what color be they hand now ? thera be laughter . Kermit stifles it . kermit I be go to pretend I do not hear that . pouzie yeah , show a little respact to we leader . kermit we be about to embark on a potentially dangerous mission . there could be physical violence thera could be gunplay . there @ slight chance that some of we could even be kill . $ 0 , if anybody want out , now be the time to say it . floyd - I be out . rowlp ma , too . continued i t t 98 77 , cowdinued : 77 , honeydew i ditto . seaxer meep meep ! . ~ por : Midnight Tuesday ? sorry . i I have get a dental appointment . janice yeah , like if my agent be not gonna be in town ... almost all the other mumble a excuse . . other I have gotta get a haircut . my knee 's be act up . do not we have a gig somewhere ? purney gurney volvo fix . 1 fo2 zie Hay , wait a minute . hold it ! , ( silence ) I think we be in this thing together . I be as scared as any of you . maybe more . but it 's something that have to be do , because the more at stake here than just we personal safety . I be talk about freedom and justice for and honesty . there be silence as the muppet digest this . ~ scooter Boy , do I feel ashamed . pop ma , too . I feel like two cent . I be back in . honeydew ' you can count on mar . - floyd yeah , I be only kid . it will be fun risk we life . continued 77 . 78. continued : 77 . dr . teeth all for one and one for all . SAM - at time like this , I be proud < 0 be a american . kermit thanks . I know I could coun on each and every one of you . now , there 's no time to wait . the first thing we have to do be make we plan . just then , the bed , contain all the muppet , fly ft up into the wall with a bang . again , finger , claw , foot , feather and hair protrude from the edge . kermit ( 0.s. ) ( muffle ) or , we could get some sleep . the light bulb again crash to the floor . cor to : int . jail cell - the next day 78 . miss piggy , dress in prison garb , sit alone in she dingy cell , play a mournful tune on a harmonica . after a few bar , a tough -look female prisoner ( queen elizabeth ) in the adjacent cell , rattles a tin cup against the bar . ° pemale prisoner : hey , pig ...cut the racket ! miss piggy stop play . miss piggy oh , sorry . would you like to hear something more up - tempo ? * female prisoner . : I do not want to hear nothin " ! '' . miss piggy better yet . miss piggy put away the harmonica . continued { 78 . '' 100 continued : 78. female prisoner first time in the slammer ? miss piggy yes ... but I be frame ... prisoner ( laughed ) we be all frame , miss piggy but it 's true . I use to be a famous model . female prisoner yeah ... and I be the Queen of England . * miss piggy ( believe it ) Boy ... nobody 's safe . female prisoner listen , sister ... it do not matter what you be out thera ... here you be just a number , no name , no face . the day seem like ' year . there 's nothing to look forward to . no one to trust , nobody care . miss piggy how 's the food ? female prisoner ( cheerily ) surprisingly well prepare . ( beat ) but that do not make up for tie loneliness . miss piggy well , maybe the day will go faster 1 £ I just do not think about it . or maybe I will just escape . . female prisoner in a pig 's eye . - ( then ) wothing personal . continued i 78 . i i if ~ , ~ | 1. | 80. continued : 78. miss figgy go to a calendar on the wall and cross out the first day , then she lie down in she bunk and stare at the ceiling , she thought drift to break out of jail to see she beloved Kermit . as she close she eye , music begins to play , " sstope miss piggy hour hour on end in this cell in this prison of pain I or not complain day - without reason or hope no one come to save stop I have got.to be brave year . beauty fade away how could thing go 30 wrong stop T be go to be strong and . int . prison step * . 79 . miss piggy ( continue ) pree with my frog at my side that be how it must be for my remy and I dissolve to : int . prison capeteria 80 . the song continue as miss piggy move down the cafeteria line hold a tin tray , onto which a cook slop a pile of gray glop . . miss piggy - yucchi whoops ! - - 8 - she steal a spoon . arn eat wet : foe , hoe ' ' i al . int. prison cell el. ui ' miss piggy X 's out the last day of the month on the i . calendar . | | 82 . int . prison machine shop - 82 . ; ' miss piggy , under the watchful eye of a guard , stamp t . out license plate . when the guard turn away , miss ' ' piggy sharpen the steal spoon on a grind wheel . she cut herself . miss piggy ouchh ! - 8 - 83 . int. prison cell 83. as the song continue , miss piggy , look tired and with a small stubble of a beard and wrinkle , fade prison clothes , X 's out a entire month on the calendar . she then wait until a guard pass she on cell , bafore she begin digging at the plaster around o- ' @ wall grate with she sharpen spoon . miss piggy trapped without himbky my side . with this ache in my heart stop at I will not fall apart 84 . ext . exercise yard 84 . miss piggy , she clothes dirty and grimy , walk to one corner of the yard , pull a hide string in she : jacket , and a inordinate amount of dirt and rubble : . falla out of she pantleg . miss piggy eautiful bird : ' in this horrible hole stop : I will - not lose control - as . int . prison cell `s . as the " freedom " song continue , miss piggy , older continued i i { 103 continued : ~ 8s. now with tear and shred clothes and a gray beard , X 's out a day on the calendar mark '' escape Day " . miss piggy lose lock up here with this scum know how far I have come stop could this plot be that dum the guard , also older now , pass the cell , and miss piggy '' the she cot , pull down the cover and reveal a miss -piggy -size dummy with a miss piggy body and a raquel Welch head . miss piggy then remove the grate and crawl into the hole . - 9 - suspense music as miss piggy evawl through tunnel to outside . ext . prison = night 86 . Guards man the tower . searchlight turn . CUT to : ext . prison yard - night . 87 . a searchlight sweep past a grate in the yard . it move , then be shove aside by someone or somathing underneath . : miss piggy emerge and make she way to the wall . at the wall , miss piggy be about to climb over , when the irehlight hit she . unable to resist the glare of spotlight , she turn and belt out the final word of . the song . miss piggy yee Wii frog by side tt with figne fir by life . . " til the day I be free . the guard applaud . the yard guard grab miss piggy by the arm yard guard come along , miss piggy . dissolve to : | { i 104 int . prison cell ~ night . 88 miss piggy be shake awake by the same yard guard in the dream . . yard guard come along , miss piggy . wake up . miss piggy huh ? what ? yard guard come along . you dgiwyer be here to je you . miss piggy what lawyer ? I do not have a lawyer , yard guard sure , you do . Little green guy . miss piggy it 's kermy . no wonder he have not come by to he have to finish law curt to : int. visiting room ~ night ao . Kermit sit in a chair on one side of a mesh screen , dress in a bowler hat and wear a pencil thin . . moustache . miss piggy , icort by the yard guard , sit on the other sida of the barrier . - . yard guard two minute , piggy . that 's it . the guard step back , miss piggy oh , kermy . I have miss you . kermit ( lawyer - like ) please . the name be rosenthal . ( sotto ) I be you attorney . that 's the . only way they would let mar in . : . miss pigcy ° - ( get it ) right . I have miss you , rosenthal . it 's be a eternity . : continued i 5 } I i ! 1 co cecaec eee genet y-- cee 10s continued : 89 . kermit it 's bean forty - five minute . miss piggy time go slow in the cooler . . xermit how they treat you ? everything okay ? miss piggy it 's not too bad . Queen Elizabeth 's in the next cell . she 's nice . kermit I just want you to know we be - gonna get you out of here . we be gonna catch that thief red-hand . miss piggy what color area they hand now ? kermit ( upset ) I do not think now be the time for that type of humor . miss piggy when you be in stir , you take the laugh when you can get ‘em , rosenthal . kermit " yeah , all right . anyway , just stay put . we have get a plan and we be gonna prove you be innocent . tomorrow night , precisely at midnight , the thief be gonna try to steal Lady holiday 's Baseball diamond from the mallory Gallery , and we be gonna stop an . miss piggy who 's. we ? kermit _ I , fozzie , gonzo and all we friend from the happiness Hotel . miss piggy thome pea-braing ? I will be stick in the Big House for life . continued as . 91 . et a rae a '' to6 continued : a9. kermit '' Big House " ... that 's prison talk ? miss piggy yeah ... " Big house* , slammer , bull , squealer , roscoe ... you know , that 's the lingo we use here in the joint . kermit yeah , well , you may talk tough , miss piggy , but onderneath I know you be still the same beautiful , sensitive , vulnerable woman I be with the other night . the one who scarf down all that caviar . miss piggy ( melting ) you have such a way with word . I love you , rosenthal . they kiss through the screen . after the kiss , miss piggy be wear Kermit 's moustache . kermit . you be wear my moustache . miss piggy yeah ? well , you have mesh mark on you face . CUT to : , int . office door ~ night 90 . the nama on the door say " nicky - irresponsible parasite " . CUT to : int . office - night 91 . in nicky 's plush office suite , the only illumination be a desk lamp which shine on a set of blueprint 's to the mallory Gallery . you figure clad . in black turtleneck sweater and black skinpant be huddle around the light source , go over a checklist : it be a well - oile , synchronize operation . continued 91 . " 92 . 107 continued : 91 . nicky Glass cutter . marla check. nicky Nylon rope . ( carla check . nicky stop watch . darla check . nicky Computer deprogrammer . marla check . : nicky Electronic desensitizer . darla check . . nicky pocket laser . carla check. nicky infra-rad reflex ... ouring this sophisticated inventory , we : dissolve to : it . happiness HOTEL room - night : . ' 92 . the only light source be the overhead light bulb , as many muppet be cluster around a crude matchstick replica of a museum . ++- whoopie cushion . continued 92 . 93. ‘108 continued : ~ ga . fozzie T think it 's in the car . . xermit rubber raft . gonzo have hole in it . kermit bag of chicken . camilla bawk . kermit Fake vomit . pop it 's on order , xermit frisbee . scooter lose . kermit toothpick . lew zealand can not find an . kermit battery . bo Dead . . kermit hot mustard ... dissolve to : int . office - night , ' 93 . . nicky | . +-- pneumatic drill . carla check , continued 1 1 110 continued : 9s. female prisoner ( continue ) ceremony , yell , '' Liz , th thermostat 's on the fritz againi " well , I like to drop my scepter ... miss piggy . ( cut she off ) please ! } I be try to think ! female prisoner well , have not we be cranky lately ? miss piggy I have just gotta get out of here ae now ! female prisoner you ? what about I ? I have get troops to review , ball to attend , official thing to officiate over dissolve to : office - night 96 . nicky Computer print out . marla check . nicky shoulder harness . carla check . : ricky that 's it ! we be all set . they all look at each other and put they hand nicky so _for it ! in a flash , they be go . dissolve to : 4 | { q 1 1 1 ul 97 . int . HOTEL room - night 97 . kermit peanut butter . animal tate iti : kermit ckay , forget it . I guess we be all set . they put they hand together . - kermit go for it ! muppet fall down , bump into each other , thing clatter and clang , general confusion and yell . dissolve to : 98 . int . jail cell - night 98 . miss piggy continue to pace . female prisoner «o - not just the heating , but the electricity . you know how much it cost to light all that room ? @ over last year . imme a break . miss piggy give I a break . miss piggy leap toward the bar and spread then apart with she bare hoof and she be go . female prisoner ( {admizingly } go for it ! . CUT to : 99 . ext. london STREET - night - 99 . a sleek , silent jaguar automobile purr down the back street of the city , carry the " holiday gang " . they approach the mallory Gallery , a small victorian aild , three or four storey high , surround by iron gate and patrol by security guard and doberman pincer . on the front gate a sign read : '' mallory Gallery . bo not try it , you will be tear to shred !* the jaguar cruise by and park a few diock away . CUT to : 100 , 101 . 102 . 103 . 104 . 112 ext . london STREET - night 2100 the happiness Hotel courtesy car clang and clank and rattles along , laden with all the muppet and they paraphernalia . . the D respect teeth Band ride atop the vehicle , play a reprise of " night life " as Kermit try to quiet then down . . CUT to ; ext . prison ~ night 101 a prison laundry truck , which read " Big House Laundry " , and underneath , " serve the prison community since the Spanish inquisiti , foll out of the prison gate with a spread -eagle pig cling to the back for dear life . CuT to : ext. roof top - night 102 the holiday gang steal silently across the roof top , silhoustt against the slate - color sky , stop when thay reach the roof edge next to the gallery . CUT to : ' axr . mallory gallery ~ night 2103 across the street from - the gallery , from around the corner of a building , the muppet appear , carry they gear , each one wear the same unnecessary disguise -- a glass / nose / moustache combination . all the muppet , from pop to rizzo , sport this '' groucho '' mask as they sneak around the corner toward the gallery . CUT to : ext. road - night . : 104 a diesel rig roar down the road , drive - by a huge , unshaven , burly trucker . CUT to : 105 . 106 . int. truck ~ night 105 . from inside the cab , the driver watch the road , which be illuminate by the headligh ' suddenly , he seas a female pig in prison clothing , stand in thi dale of the road in the glare of he headlight . the driver hit the air brake and the rig come to a screeching halt . CUT to : ext . truck cab ~ night 106 miss piggy stand look up at the driver . miss piggy Excuse moi , but I be wonder what time it be . driver it 's about eleven -thirty . miss piggy do you happen to know where Lady holiday 's Baseball diamond be be keep ? driver it 's at the mallory virtually impregnable '' bile away from here . yes , I do . miss piggy I only have a half hour to get there . driver on foot ? you will never make it . miss piggy I know . how ebout a ride ? the driver point to a sign on the side of the door which read , " no passenger . this mean you ! '' driver can not you see the sign ? - " no passenger " . miss piggy ( sweetly ) could not you make a exception for little ol 's moi ? continued 4 | i i | ' 106 . 207 . 108 , continued : . driver no passunger . . no exception . miss piggy please ? driver wot miss piggy ( to camera ) T have try to be nice . she - then -turn - to the driver and let - out - a karate yell . miss piggy ( continue ) yarhagaiiese ! she pull open the door of the truck , grab the terrify driver by he tattooe arm and literally flip he head over heal out of the cab into a bunch of garbage can . oscar stick he head out of one of the can . oscar what 's all the racket ? . driver what be you do here ? oscar a very brief cameo . CUT to : =xr. long shot - mallor gallery - night in silhouette , four figurea clad only in black , save one pair of red-and - white -stripe sock , lower the selve from a adjacent roof top to the ledge of a third floor gallery window by riding on pulley along a nylon rope strung between the building . cot to : ext . gallery gate - night - thie muppet , still disguise as a horde of " grouchos " , stare through the iron gate of the forbid structure they have to invade . a Security Guard continued 106 . 107 108 pe ey sag fie '' continued : 108 and he dog disappear around a corner of the building . kermit okay , rowlf , give I the blow torch . rowlp blow torch ? nobody say anything about a blow torch . I bring paper towel . - kermit ( in frustration ) how be we suppose to cut through the bar if nobody bring stuff to cut with ? floyd I bring hot mustard . maybe shat '11 eat through the bar . kermit ( think fast ) eat ' through the bar . Animal !. come here . Animal appear at Kermit 's side , vearing he '' groucho '' mask . * kermit ( continue ) take off you mask and see if you can chew through this fence . Animal eagerly flip off the mask and prepare to chew the bar . animal man ! Iron ! he take a big bite of fence , then find out , almost instantly , that it 's electrify , as evidence by the sizzle of high voltage crackle through he ee body which cause he eye to open even widar and -his hair to straighten out like porcupine quill . . animal - ( continue ) 7 ' aaaaaarrgh 1 kermit animal keep quiet . continued ~ ye 108 . continued : 108 animal ( uame intesity , 1 but quieter ) | aaagsarrrgh ! but it 's too late . the dog be bark and the guard : be on they vay . fo2 zie cheese it ! the cop ! the muppet flee from the scene in mass confusion . cur to : 109 . ext . highway - night 109 1 rig roar down the road , miss piggy at the a determine look on she face as she race time . she reach down and pick up a cb miss piggy {into mike ; talk in . a drawl} breaker one , this be hamhock ... do you read I , come on ? | . voice on cb ( 0.s. ) it read you . loud and clear , hamhock , this be dirty Bird . what 's you twenty , over ? miss figgy well , good buddy , I be westbound outta highgate . any smoky between I and blimeytown ? voice on cb ( 0.s. ) : that 's a negatory , bamhock . + you be free and clear . miss piggy that 's a ten-four , dirty Bird . much oblige . we get the . hammer down and we go . as the engine roar ; ; 1la . ill . ext . a high window - night 110 . the holiday gang smoothly and wordlessly cut a large circular hole through a third - storey window with a glass cutter . : they carefully slip the pane of glass aside and clim > through the open , while down below , on the other side of the building , dog can be hear snarling . cor to : ext . gallery gate - night abi. a guard hold vicious degs on a chain peer suspiciously through the bar at two identically dress pizza delivery man . guard I never order pepperoni . kermit it 's right here on the slip ... madium pepperoni , double cheese . pozzie we do not make ‘em , we just deliver 'en . kermit somebody here call " pizza twin " . that 's we . the guard reluctantly open the gate and tie the dog to a post . muppet sneak through the gate while Kermit and foszie keep the guard occupy . guard what 's the name on the slip ? : kermit uh ... what 's you name ? guard Henderson . xeric : that 's the name on the slip . guard ( scratch he head ) but I hate pepperoni . continued all . 112 . 113. 114 . 115 . continued : pozzie I will have it . ext . highway - night the truck speed down the road past a sign which say , '' mallory Gallery - still very Far " . cuT to : int. truck . = night the engine sputter . miss piggy look at the gas gauge which read , '' empty " . miss piggy what be I ? a glutton for punishment ? cor to : twt . " upper floor of gallery - night on cat foot , the holiday gang make its way down a long corridor toward a stairwell . . cur to ; ext . front of gallery - night Kermit , fozzie , gonzo and other muppet , carry all kind of thing they do not need , stand in front of the huge oak door that lead into the treasure room of the gallery . gonzo what do we do now ? fozzie why do not we ring the bell ? kermit ( lock around ) - there 's gotta be another way in . scooter better find it fast . that dog be almost finish with that pizza . continued 1ur 113 lle 11 | ~ 115 . 116 . 1g '' continued : 11 xermit ( a brainstorm ) I know ! through the roof . they look up . the roof ts very high . - floyd like , man ..- no way we be gonna get up there . the attack dog come racing around the corner of the huild , they voracious appetite not sate by pizza , craving muppet filet . kermit whoa , nellie!it other muppet - {in fear ) hellliiipi ! the nuppet be virtually propel by terror up the wide of the building and onto the roof . desperate man dp desperate thing . the group look down at the snarling dog . yorzie be more terrify than most . : fozzzie so far , I be not have any fun . gonzo lean perilously far over the edge and snap a picture of dog - fang and saliva . + cur to : ext . righway - night le misa piggy sit by the side of the road , she rig useless in the background . miss piggy ( despairingly } there 's nothing more I can do . tt " 11:58 . I will never make it . . . a truck car down the road , the backdoor open and a motorcycle fall out . it roll harm . ly toa ' stop right next to mig piggy . on the seat be a helmet and a stylish cycle outfit . she look at the camera , shrug as if to say , " I do not write this stuff * . cur to : fee a age ts int . gallery - night will the holiday gang stealthily creep down another corridor toward a door which obviously be a entrance to the treasure room . nicky give a " thumb - up " signal , as they peer through a paephole in the door . - . CUT to : ext . mallory gallery roof - night lie the muppet be crowded around a skylight in the roof , look down into the treasure room . fozzie give the Kermit '' thumb up " signal . what they see be the large diamond in the know - world . encase in glass , in the palm of a velvet catchea ! mitt , be the fabulous Baseball diamon name incauseit facet look like stitches and because the stone itself be the sizeof a spauld . the muppet be mostly impressed . kermit fabulous , : gonzo Holy Toledo ! foz2ie I have never see anything like that . janice rilly . it 's like totally super . - . zocor outasight ! bo which one be it ? curt to : ext . highway - night ii miss piggy , hair fly in the wind , tool along on the chopper , the engine roaring through the night . all of a sudden , police siren wail in the background . - miss piggy ( to camera ) well ... you want excitement . cot to : ~ 120 . 121. erro loe be int . gallery - night 120 the holiday gang stand outside the door to the treasure room , & sophisticated piece of electronic equipment aim at the latch . nicky holiday push a '' on '' switch , light ray be emitted , and the door easily swinga open , revealing the interior of the treasure room with the glass encase Baseball diamond sparkle in the middle . cur to : ext. roof - night 122 the muppet have manage to lift the skylight , and be stare through the hola in the roof at the Baseball diamond , many foot below . - . fozzte now what do we do ? kermit we wait until they try to steal the diamond , then gonzo take they picture . pozzie brilliant ! . rowlp perfect ! janice yer sure . pop we have get ‘em now ! scooter ge to it , gonzo . gonzo uh... anyone know where there 's af all - night camera store ? T be out of film . silence , then , they yell at gonzo . dumemy ! be rizzo you idiot ! continued 121. 122. 122 continued : 121 swedish chef nourn hurdle nincompoop . beaker heap , meep , maep ! SAM what a bird - braint that 's it ! floyd the gig be over dr . teeth - yeah , let 's pack it in , 200t - we be tapped . kermit ( call order ) quiet ! settle dom . we be not give up yet . we have come too far.to turn back now . we be just go to have to go down there and capture that thief red - hand . bo what color be they hand now ? kermit ( disgust , to camara ) if frog could only scream . CUT to : london STREET ~ night 222 the sound of a motorcycle engine pisrce the air as misa piggy race by . the police seem to be close ia on har , so after a glance back at thes , she simply pop a wheelie , pour on the gas , and race away . CUT to : . 123. 124 . 128. 126 . 123 int . treasure room .- night 123 the holiday gang approach the diamond case , cautiously , hold yet another electronic device , this time some sort of alarm desensitizer . cur to : ext . roof ~ night 124 the muppet watch the holiday gang 's every move . pozzie how be we gonna get down there ? honeydew I suggest we jump . rowlp it 's over a hundred foot ! honeyoew I do not say it be a good suggestion . bo maybe we could jump part way . kermit we be just gonna have to improvise . we will make a ladder out of whatever will hold we . good idea . here 's the paper towel . ext . STREET - night 12= miss piggy 's motorcycle fly past a sign which read , " mallory Gallery , at least two more mile " . cor to : int . treasure room - night * 12 bicky 's desensitizer kill the circuit breaker , and the dim glow which surround the diamond case go out . Darla give the '' thutbs up '' sign , then stande continued 126 . continued : 126 by the room 's only window to the outside , marla and carla step to the case and raise the lid . the Baseball diamond glitter so brightly it illuminate the face of the model , and they be transfix , until nicky ap he finger and indicate for Darla to take it from the case and toss it to he . slowly , cautiously , she resch for the diamond , fakin ig it out of the velvet mitt , turn it in she and . suddenly , from high above , a cry ring out . gonzo { 0.5 . ) geronnnnnnnnimo!! the holiday gang look up , surprise , shock and amazement on they face . Little wonder , for hurtl - ing towards they be a pack of yell muppet , hang onto each other swinging precariously above as the '' muppet chain '' swing closer , the three model scream ! . | marla , carla , darla alee ! , oocooch ! run! aiee !! nicky Quick . throw I the diamond ! Darla toss the diamond to carla . Kermit , at the bottom of the chain , just miss it as he swing past . carla toss it to Maria who finally toss it to nicky . the diamond fly through the air into nicky 's wait hand . the three model scatter and try to rin for the exit , but it 's too late . ' the muppet have either crash or leap to the floor and Animal , sense wo-man under that ski clothes , block the escape route . animal mo-man ! wo-man ! in they track , not eature . . carla , marla and Darla fre wishing to tangle with thi : discretion be the better part of valor , they surrender . nicky , however , do not plan on give up that easily . continued 126 . 125 continued : 126 = nicky you 'li never take I alive , fozzie . xermit first of all , I be Kermit . wicky ( shake he head ) remarkable . kermit second of all , someday you be go to realize that what you be do be dishonest . nicky ( think about this , then ) okay , then . I give up . kermit ( astonished ) really ? . nicky of course not , you twit . nicky pull out a derringer , grab Kermit around the neck and hold he hostage . . hicky aizigh ocontinue ) t muppet ... . back off ! Kermit make choke noise . nicky ( to Kermit ) I can not understand what you be say . Kermit gag a few more time . nicky -? nloosen the grip . on Kermit 's throat ) sorry . kermit I just do not understand why you be @oing this . what can you possibly hope to gain ? continued 126 . 127 . 128. '' 126 continued : 126. bicky nothing . I be a villain .... pure and simple . the rotten apple . the bad penny . but I have nice tooth and I keep my room neat . yorzre uh ... Mr. holiday , sir , why do not you let Kermit go ? if you hold he too long he will give you wart . ° nicky sorry . ha 's come with I . ( to Kermit ) say goodbye to you buddy . you will not be seein 's ‘em eny more . + ( to model ) c'mon , girl ... let 's get out of here int . treasure room - another angle - niget 127 . he turn toward the window , clutching the diamond and Kermit . a roaring SOUND be hear and nicky stand mesmerize , as through the glass , in glorious slow motion , come a pig on @ motorcycle to snatch victory from the jaw of defeat , glass shatter in all dizection . she leap from the bike and karate chop carla , marla and Darla into submission . Kermit grab the Baseball diamond from the confuse nicky and club he in the head with it . nicky fall , unconscious . the muppet cheer . cur tos tnr - waulory gallery treasure room ~ a few moment later | 128 . Police and guard pick through the debris , hendcuff the qeaele mte escort they to wait police car outside dui. no , while muppet mingle around the periphery . ricky 1s hold by two officer . : kermit ( to miss piggy ) you be magnificent , miss piggy . continued i t 127 128 , continued : 128 . miss piggy ( exhaust , but happy ) I do it all for you , kermy . kermit thanks . . miss piggy por nada . : Police escort nicky past Kermit , piggy and porzie . nicky stop and look longingly at miss piggy . he be handcuff . nicky ( sincerely ) JI really did@ care for you , you know , miss piggy I know . nicky we could have have the world on a silver platter . miss piggy that silver 's turn to iron bar , sucker . nicky , do not hate I , miss piggy . : miss piggy I do not hate you , micky . it 's just that somewhere along the dine I find cut the difference wrong and right . you be wrong ... ( indicate kermit} -.eha 's right . nicky nod , Kermit blushes . nicky be good to she , fozzie . kernit ( softly ) Kermit . } [ 128 128 . continued : 128. folzte I be fozzie . . wicky amazing . Lady holiday enter , dress in a stylish jogging outfit and sneaker . kermit Lady holiday ! just the person we want to see . lady holiday { I be just jogging past and I notice . a@ light . what 's go on here ? gonzo the big climactic scene . lady holiday why be not I notify ? gonzo we call , but you be out jogging . pozzie . ~ we just foil a jewel heist . miss piggy and you nephew be the thief 2eerot mar . . lady holiday nicky ?! how could you ? ~ wicky . it be easy . I be no good . lady holiday but you keep you room so clean . nicky shrug and be lead away . the Baseball diamond be safely under lock and key . the muppet congratulate themselves on a : job well do . . . lady holiday - what can I say ? I be grateful to all of you . kermit well , gang , we do it . when the Daily Chronicle hear about this they be gonna roll out the red carpet . continued | '' i 1268. 129 . 129 continued : 128 . lady holiday what color be the carpet now ? on Kermit ' 's look of anguish , 7 dissolve to : int . first -class section & hold of aircraft - Day 123 . close shot ~ newspaper headline = day the headline in the Daily Chronicle read " twin and pig foil heist '' and a sub~headline " thiefe catch red-hand '' . tha picture below the headline show Kermit , fozzie , and piggy be congratulate by Lady holiday . miss piggy be the only one look directly into the camera . pull back to reveal statler and waldorf read the paper in the first class section of a airplane . statler can you believe it , waldorf ? they be herce ! now they be gonna be obnoxious . waldorf so what else be new ? the camera pan down from statler and waldorf as they continue talk , from the first class section to the cargo hold below . . rf ( 0.s. ) ( continue ) I say all 's well that end well . statler ( 0.s. ) do not matter to I . as long as it end . now , in the cargo hold , the muppet can barely be see in the dim light . but they can be hear , talk , complain about the condition . other sound include the drine of the airplane engine and the cluck of chicken . - pop Hand I you penlight , honeydew I would like to read the menu . 129 . 130 continued : 129 scooter mind if I use you tail for a pillow ? SAM how coma we never receive any safety instruction ? animal bath-rooml bath-room ! honeydew xz this be the red carpet treatment , I be a monkey 's uncle . a monkey screech . honeydew ( continue ) same to you , fellat frorzie this be worse than the trip over . kermit i that 's because there 's forty of we . miss piggy at least they could have give we separate cage . kermit they do give we separate cage . miss piggy you mean there 's no crocodile muppet ? kermit not that I know of . miss piggy orealize ) oh , hoy ! . janice okay now , just stay calm and like do not move fer like the next #ix hour . a door open and the steward enter . continued i 129 . 130 . C continued : 131 steward all out for the U.S.A ! " oh , great . kermit how close be have ? steward oh .... about thirty thousand foot . kermit you mean ... ? steward yep . happy landing . he open the door to the outside and begin toss muppet into the air . ext . blue sky - day CUT to : 129 430 music up as colorful muppet on parachute begin float to earth . song : ( lyric to come ) sey , a movie ( reprise ) sundry muppet bob in and out of the picture as the music continue and the credit begin . Janice relax on the chaise lounge attach to the parachute . the other member of the Dr. teeth Band play they instrument . , Dr. teeth 's piano be cerry by a separate parachute . bo drift upward . gonzo plummet downward . the rat gnaw they parachute string etc. etc . as the music and sing continue , miss piggy and Kermit drift into the frame share a single parachute . 18s piggy - ¥'know ... when we land I think you and I should go out and celebrate . we could paint the town red . . kermit what color be it now ? {then , joyously } I do it , I get it in . didja hear that ? I wait and wait and I finally get it to ! what color whoooie !! be it now ?! I do it ! yessir . continued 130 , continued : 130 . 2s Kermit continue to leugh and carry on , pull , back to reveal the sky full of muppet , all sing the conclusion of the finale with Kermit 's laughter echo - ing against it . on this long shot of the entire cast , music and credit end , fade to black .