" the bird " by Evan Hunter base on the novel " bird " by daphne du maurier final draft 2nd revision March 2 , 1962 fade in : full shot - grant STREET - san francisco - day it be mid-afternoon , and there be a tempo and pace to the people walk , the doorman hooting for taxicabs , the policeman direct traffic . pan shot - pedestrian wait at street corner for light to change . close shot - man at the end of line of pedestrian . he be look up at the sky . two shot - man and woman next to he as she follow he gaze upward . long shot - the sky with hundred of gull in it , wheeling . mo . shot - the STREET corner as the light change and people begin to cross . in the crowd walk the other way , a man turn to look up at the wheeling gull in the sky overhead . the camera locate : mo . shot - melanie daniel in the crowd of pedestrian , approach davidson 's Pet shop . she be a young woman in she mid-twenty , sleekly groom , exquisitely dress , though hatless . she walk with the quick sureness of the city dweller , a purposefulness in she stride , a mischievous grin on she face . she continue toward the front door of a pet shop and enter . int . bird shop - mo . shot Melanie open the door and come through , still look back toward the street and skyward . the proprietor , a mrs . macgruder , come toward she . melanie hello , Mrs. macgruder , have you ever see so many gull ? mrs . macgruder hello , miss Daniels . melanie what do you suppose it be ? mo . shot Mrs. macgruder take a look out at the sky . a puppy be barking , o.s . mrs . macgruder ( shaking she head ) there must be a storm at sea . that can drive they inland , you know . they be climb the short flight of step into the bird department now . the barking of the dog segue into the clamor of innumerable bird , tweeting , twittering , cawing as Melanie and Mrs. macgruder go to the counter at the far end . there be a circular cage in the center of the room , and the wall be line with wire - mesh cage and smaller wooden cage so that the effect be one of be surround by bird , contain bird to be sure . the bird be quite beautiful , mostly exotic bird , small splashes of color behind the wire - mesh cage , larger burst of brilliant hue on the parrot and parakeet in the bigger cage . as they walk : mrs . macgruder I be hope you would be a little late , miss Daniels . ( apologetically ) you see , he have not arrive yet . melanie you say three o'clock . mrs . macgruder I know . oh , I know . ( she be more distress now ) I have be call all morning . oh , you have no idea . miss Daniels , they be so difficult to get , really they be . we get they from India , you know , when they be just little chick , and then we have to ... melanie well , this one will not be a chick , will he ? mrs . macgruder certainly not . oh , no . certainly not . this will be a full grow myna bird . full grow . melanie and he will talk ? mrs . macgruder well , yes , he will talk . well , no , no . you will have to teach he to talk . melanie yes . mrs . macgruder yes. ( pause ) oh my , I suppose I should call they again . they say three o'clock . ( pause ) maybe it 's the traffic . I will call . would you mind wait ? melanie ( judiciously ) I think maybe you would better deliver he . let I give you my address . ( she begin take off she glove ) mrs . macgruder ( produce pencil and pad ) oh . oh , well , all right . as Melanie start write : mrs . macgruder I be sure they be on the way , though . could I just call ? melanie ( with a resign sigh ) well , all right , but ... she scurries out behind the counter and out of sight . Melanie finish write she address and stand impatiently by the counter . she tap she tooth with the pencil . mrs . macgruder ( o.s. ) hello , this be Betty macgruder at davidson 's . ( pause ; accusingly ) it 's past three , you know . ( pause ) well , how long do you think ...? all right , would you check it please ? yes , I will wait . Melanie sigh . leave she glove and purse on the counter , she begin wander around the shop , still tapping she lip with the pencil . there be no menace in the bird surround she . they be active and beautiful as they dart behind the bar and mesh of they cage . off screen , the puppy begin barking again as the front door open . Melanie look up . mo . shot - mitch BRENNER as he close the entrance door behind he and start up the step to the bird department . he be a handsome man , about twenty - nine or thirty , well - dress , and carry a feel hat . close shot - melanie see he , and then turn away to bend before the cage of strawberry finch . she poke the pencil through the mesh . the bird be startle into scarlet flight . two shot - melanie and mitch as they pass each other in the aisle . he give a polite little nod , and she give a polite little smile . but as he pass she , and unknown to she , he turn for a second look -- and then vanish behind the circular cage as he turn he corner . mo . shot - melanie look at she watch as she wander around the other side of the cage and then come face to face with Mitch again . mitch I wonder if you could help I . melanie what ? mitch ( deliberately , and with a touch of hauteur ) I say I wonder if you could help I . close shot - melanie a trifle annoyed by he manner at first . she be about to inform he , if you please , that she be not a shopgirl . but then something rebellious flash in she eye and a idea come to she . melanie ( solicitously ) yes , what be it you be look for , sir ? two shot - melanie and mitch mitch ( deadpan ) lovebird . melanie lovebird , sir ? mitch yes . I understand there be different variety , it that true ? melanie well ... yes , sir , there be . mitch this be for my sister ... she birthday you see . as she will be eleven and ... well , frankly , I would not want a pair of bird that be too demonstrative . melanie I understand completely , sir . mitch as the same time , I would not want bird that be aloof , either . melanie ( lead he around shop ) no , of course not . mitch do you have a pair that be just friendly ? melanie I think so , sir . ( she look around ) now then , let I see . mitch ( at the finch ) be not this lovebird ? melanie no , sir , that be ... redbird . mitch the sign say strawberry finch . melanie ( airily ) yes , we call they that too . ( she move away ) ahhh , here we be , lovebird ... ( and stop before a cage of canary ) mitch that be canary , miss. ( pause ) do not this make you feel awful ? melanie ( baffle ) do not what make I ...? mitch all this innocent little creature cage up like this ? melanie well , we can not just let they fly around the shop , you know . mitch I suppose not . be there a ornithological reason for keep they in separate cage ? melanie oh , certainly . it 's to protect the species . mitch I imagine that 's very important . especially during the moult season . melanie yes , that 's a particularly dangerous time . mitch be they moult now ? melanie some of they be . mitch how can you tell ? melanie well ... they get a sort of hangdog expression . close shot - a cage bird - mitch be p.o.v. the bird be wear a distinctly hangdog expression . mitch yes , I see. ( pause ) about that lovebird , miss ... melanie be you sure you would not like to see a canary instead ? we have some very nice canary this week . mitch all right . ( he smile ) she smile back . mitch ( he wait ) all right , may I see one , please ? close shot - melanie as she realize she be expect to take one of the canary out of the cage . she smile feebly , glance toward the counter where she expect Mrs. macgruder to reappear momentarily , and then take a deep breath . she open the door to the canary cage , and cautiously put she hand into it . melanie ( feebly ) here , birdie . here , birdie , birdie . one of the canary suddenly flutter out of the cage and into the room . Melanie leap back , startle . melanie oh ! ohhhhh ! full shot - the bird department as the canary fly frantically about the room , Melanie and Mitch in pursuit . Mrs. macgruder appear at the counter , finally confront with the chaos she 's be expect all day . mrs . macgruder what be it ? oh ! oh my , one of the bird be loose ! she join in the chase around the room . the bird flutter up to the ceiling , and then land on the counter and watch they suspiciously . mitch shhh ! shhhh ! he tiptoe up to the bird , hat in hand . quickly , he cover the bird with he hat , then reach under to grab it . close shot - mitch the canary in he hand . melanie there we be ! mrs . macgruder oh , good ! oh , wonderful . full shot - the bird department as Mitch carry the canary back to the cage . he open the door . mitch ( put the canary in ) back into you gild cage , Melanie Daniels . close shot - melanie startle . melanie what do you say ? two shot - melanie and mitch mitch ( savore this ) I be merely draw a parallel , miss Daniels . melanie but how ... how do you know my name ? mitch ( secretly ) a little birdie tell I . ( he smile politely ) good day , miss Daniels . ( he bow to Mrs. macgruder ) madam . ( he start out ) melanie hey , wait a minute ! she go after he . Mitch turn , stop , smile , enjoy she bafflement immensely . Melanie study he . then : melanie I do not know you . mitch ahhh , but I know you . melanie how ? mitch we meet in court . melanie we never meet in court or anyplace else . mitch that 's true . I will rephrase it . I see you in court . melanie when ? mitch do you remember one of you practical joke that result in the smash of a plate glass window ? melanie I do not break that window ! mitch no , but you little prank do . the judge should have put you behind bar ! melanie what be you ? a policeman ? mitch I simply believe in the law , miss Daniels , and I be not too keen on practical joker . melanie what do you call you lovebird story if not a practical ... mitch ahhh , but I really do want that bird . melanie you know I do not work here . you deliberately ... mitch right . I recognize you when I come in . I think you might like to know what it feel like to be on the other end of a gag . what do you think of that , miss Daniels ? melanie I think you be a louse . mitch I am. ( he tip he hat ) good day . ( to Mrs. macgruder ) madam . ( and he go down the step ) melanie and I be glad you do not get you lovebird ! mitch ( breezily , as he go out ) I will find something else . ( he give a slight bow ) see you in court some day . the door close . the puppy begin barking . melanie ( angrily ) that ... that ... who be that ? mrs . macgruder I have no idea . close shot - melanie seethe as she stare after he . suddenly , she get a idea . mo . shot - melanie go down the step and to the front door of the shop . she look through the glass . long shot - mitch - melanie' p.o.v. get into he car at the curb . close shot - melanie look after the car at the curb . close shot - the license plate close shot - melanie see the plate , give a brief , determine , angry nod . she begin to repeat the number to herself as she turn . full shot - melanie as she come up the step again and walk toward the counter . mo . shot - melanie - mrs . macgruder be p.o.v. as she come up to the counter . melanie have you get a pencil ? mrs . macgruder what ? oh , yes , certainly . as Melanie begin write : mrs . macgruder they say the myna bird would be here later this afternoon . if you would care to come back ... melanie no , you would better send he . May I use you phone ? mrs . macgruder ( bewilder by everything ) yes , certainly . ( she put phone on counter ) melanie ( as she dial ) do you have any lovebird ? mrs . macgruder no , not in the shop . but I can order they for you . melanie how soon ? mrs . macgruder well ... well , how soon would you want they ? melanie immediately . ( into phone ) be this the Daily News ? Melanie Daniels . would you get I the city desk , please ? mrs . macgruder I might be able to have they by tomorrow morning . would that be all right ? melanie ( with a edge anger ) that would be just fine . ( into phone ) hello , Charlie , this be Melanie . I want you to do a favor for I . ( pause ) no , this be a small one . ( pause ) pressure you ? why , Charlie darling , would I try to pressure you ? will you call the Department of motor vehicle for I and find out who own this license plate ? dkq dash one seven six . ( pause ) yes , a California plate . ( pause ) no , I will stop up there in a little while . be daddy in he office ? ( pause ) oh . no , no , I do not want to break in on a meeting . just tell he I will see he later . thank you , Charlie . ( she hang up ) close shot - melanie icy determination on her face . melanie now . what time tomorrow morning ? fade in : full shot - melanie' sport car pull up in front of Mitch 's building , the top down . she glance up at the address , get out of the car , come around to the other side , and open the door . close shot - the lovebird in a cage as Melanie reach for they . mo . shot - melanie turn from the car and go into the building . she pause in the lobby , study the name alongside the bell button . close shot - her glove hand run down the list of name slowly . it stop . insert - the card she finger beside it . BRENNER , M. 3b close shot - her glove hand the forefinger extend as she run it down over every bell button in one column , and then do the same for the next column . mo . shot - melanie as she turn from the bell to the inner door of the lobby , grab the knob . a buzz sound . she open the door . reverse shot - melanie come through the door and into the lobby . she walk swiftly toward the elevator where a well - dress man be stand , wait . behind she , the inner door be buz wildly with answer buzy . Melanie and the man stand wait for the elevator , silently . behind she , the buz stop . the elevator door open . the man smile pleasantly and allow she to enter first . she do so with a small nod . the elevator door close . two shot - melanie and the man - in the elevator the bird be chirping wildly in they cage . the man and Melanie stand silently side by side . the man 's eye wander down to the bird -cage . Melanie 's eye move toward he . self - consciously , she stand with the cage of chatter bird . the man be dead - pan , unsmile . the elevator stop . the door begin to open . full shot - melanie step out of the elevator as the door open . the man be right behind she . she begin look for apartment 3b . the man be walk down the corridor beside she . she stop in front of the apartment , hesitates , hope the man will turn the corner in the corridor . instead , he stop at the apartment just opposite . he begin fumble in he pocket for he key . he look at Melanie . close shot - melanie smile at he feebly . full shot - the corridor the man spread change and a assortment of junk on the palm of he hand as he search for he key . impatiently , Melanie watch he . make a decision , she put the birdcage down before the door to apartment 3b , and then open she purse . close shot - melanie' glove hand reach into the purse for a white envelope . insert - the face of the envelope write there in Melanie 's handwrite : mr. mitchell BRENNER . mo . shot - melanie as she prop the envelope against the cage , and then hurriedly go down the hallway , intent on retreat . man' voice miss ...? she stop , distress . full shot - the corridor the man at the one end , key in he hand ; Melanie at the other end , near the elevator . man be that for Mitch brenner ? melanie ( curtly ) yes . man he 's not home . melanie that 's all right . she press button for the elevator . man he will not be back until Monday . I mean , if that bird be for he .... melanie Monday ? man yes . I do not think you should leave they in the hall , do you ? melanie ( trap ) well , I ... the elevator door open . melanie well , where do he go ? man bodega Bay . he go up there every weekend . melanie bodega Bay ? where 's that ? man up on the coast . about sixty mile north of here . melanie sixty ... ( she face fall ) oh. man about a hour and a half on the freeway . or two if you take the coast highway . melanie oh. man I would hold the bird for he , but I be go away myself . someone 's get to feed they , I suppose . melanie ( in utter despair now ) yes . yes , someone 's get to feed they . man ( apologetically ) I be awfully sorry . he put the key into he lock , open the door , and go inside . the door close . Melanie be alone in the hallway . close shot - melanie exasperate . she look at the open elevator . she turn to look at the bird . long shot - the lovebird in they cage outside the apartment door , chatter . mo . shot - melanie surrender with a gesture of resignation . she walk down the hall , pick up envelope and put it in she purse , pick up the bird cage , carry it back to the elevator . the bird be cooing and chirping madly . melanie oh , shut up ! and she step into the elevator . dissolve full shot - melanie' OPEN car - ( matte ) on the coast highway . it be a spectacularly beautiful day , with a cloudless blue sky . the montage of shot that follow should alternate between the wind , twist road and the ocean below , and closeup of Melanie drive with the cage bird on the seat beside she . the last shot should be a full shot of the car round a particularly sharp curve . close shot - melanie she turn wheel forcefully . close shot - the lovebird in the cage as the car round the bend . they lean to one side as the car turn , come up straight again as the car round the curve . full shot - ( matte ) car approach bodega Bay see high up . close shot - melanie at the wheel , she glance out toward the bay . full shot - a cluster of building at waterfront ahead , through the windshield as the car approach . close shot - melanie behind the wheel , lean forward slightly for a look at the town . long shot - dock on left through the windshield as Melanie slow she speed . close shot - melanie behind wheel . long shot - store on right of the road as Melanie enter the town . slow pan match car 's cruise past bakery , shoe repair , cleaners , radio and television . close shot - melanie behind wheel . long shot - the tide past the gas station and beyond to the parking area and the dock , continue Melanie 's slow observation of the place . close shot - melanie - ( process ) study the town . the car turn into road by gas station . full shot - the town through the windshield . the car turn right . there be life in the town now , fisherman crossing the road , woman with they hair in curler , old lady carry shopping bag . this be Saturday morning , and the town -- such as it be -- be alive with its inhabitant . we see they from Melanie 's p.o.v. as she scan the place for its post office . ( this to be taken on back lot . ) full shot - the car pull in , in front of the post office . Melanie open the door and step out . she be smartly dress in a travel suit and sweater . she look up at the sign , and then walk quickly toward the front door . mo . shot - melanie enter post office . close shot - postal clerk behind cage as Melanie approach it . he be busy fill out a form of some kind , affixing stamp to it , etc . he do not look up as she approach . close shot - melanie through the bar of the cage . melanie good morning . close shot - postal clerk clerk ( without look up ) Morning . two shot - melanie and the clerk melanie I wonder if you could help I . clerk try my best . melanie I be look for a man name Mitchell brenner . clerk yep . he be still busy with he form , still do not look up . melanie do you know he ? clerk yep . melanie where do he live ? clerk right here . bodega Bay . melanie yes , but where ? clerk right across the bay there . melanie where ? it seem as if the clerk will not answer she . suddenly , he leave the window . close shot - melanie through the bar , exasperate . reverse shot - full - melanie as she try to peek through the bar to see where he 's vanish . a door to the leave of the window open , and the clerk step out . he walk a little distance as Melanie watch he , then stop , turn and look at she surprised , as if he would expect she to be right behind he . he stand stock still , look at she , say nothing . she understand then that he want she to follow he , and she catch up , neither speak . they go to the front door . he open it , look at she , then look out across the town and the bay . he extend he arm and point . clerk see where I be point ? melanie yes ? full shot - the BAY - there p.o.v . - ( matte ) clerk ( o.s. ) see they two big tree across there ? melanie ( o.s. ) yes ? clerk ( o.s. ) and the white house ? melanie ( o.s. ) that 's where the brenner live . two shot - melanie and the clerk melanie the brenner ? Mr. and Mrs. brenner ? clerk nope , just lydia and the two kid . melanie the two kid ? clerk yep . Mitch and the little girl . melanie I see . how do I get down there ? clerk follow the road straight through town ' till it curve off on the leave . that will take you right around the bay to they front door . melanie the front door . ( pause ) be not there a back road I can take ? clerk nope . that 's the road . straight through town , stay on you leave , right around the bay to the front door . melanie you see , I want to surprise they . clerk mmmm . melanie I do not want to come right down the road , where they could see I . clerk mmmm . melanie it 's a surprise , you see . clerk mmmmmm . ( long pause ) ' course , you could get yourself a boat , cut right across the bay with it . the brenner get a little dock there you could tie up at . if that 's what you want to do . melanie where would I get a boat ? clerk down at the dock by the tide Restaurant . ever handle a outboard boat ? melanie ( look at he ) of course . clerk ( look back at she ) D ' you want I to order one for you ? melanie ( surprised ) thank you . clerk what name ? melanie Daniels . clerk okay . he nod briefly and go inside . Melanie look across the bay . full shot - the BAY - melanie' p.o.v . - ( matte ) close shot - melanie smile . she get a new idea . she reach into she purse for the envelope . she look at the envelope , then tear it up and stuff the tear envelope into she handbag . she turn back toward the post office . int . the post office - full shot as Melanie approach the clerk 's window . he be still busy , still do not look up . melanie I wonder if you could tell I ... clerk yep ? melanie the little girl 's name . clerk the little brenner girl ? melanie yes . clerk Alice , I think . ( he turn , shout to someone in rear ) Harry , what 's the little brenner girl 's name ? harry voice ( shouting ) what ? clerk ( shouting ) the little brenner girl . harry voice ( shouting ) lois ! clerk ( shouting ) it 's Alice , be not it ? harry voice ( shouting ) no , it 's lois ! clerk ( to Melanie ) it 's Alice . melanie be you sure ? clerk well , I be not positive , if that 's what you mean . melanie I need she exact name , you see . clerk that case , I tell you what you do . you go straight through town ' till you see a little hotel on you leave there . not the motel , that 's the other end of town . this be the hotel . now you take a right turn there , you get that ? melanie yes ? clerk near the top of the hill , you will see the school and right behind it , the church . you head for the school . now just past the school , you will see a little house with a red mail box . that 's where Annie hayworth life , she 's the school teacher . you ask she about the little brenner girl . melanie thank you . clerk yep. ( pause ) could save yourself a lot of trouble . her name 's Alice for sure . melanie can I have the boat in about twenty minute ? the clerk nod . melanie how much for the phone call ? clerk ( brush this aside ) it 's nothing . close shot - melanie grin , as she make for the door and exit . ext . general store - mo . shot - melanie get into the car and slamm the door . dissolve long shot ( matte ) - melanie' car turn in school road . full shot - melanie' car pass the school and pull up outside the teacher 's house . close shot - the red mail BOX with the name " hayworth " on it . pull back to reveal : full shot - melanie pass the mail box and go up the walk to the front door . the house be a two -story frame with step lead to the front door . there be white curtain in every window of the house , and a sign in the window to the leave of the doorway advise , room to let . Melanie ring the doorbell . close shot - melanie wait . she ring the bell again : anniee voice ( shouting ) yes ? who be it ? melanie me! anniee voice who 's I ? full shot - melanie walk along the porch of the house . the walk in front of the house be line with beautifully plant and care - for flower . annie hayworth come round from the back of the house as Melanie reach the corner . she be a woman of thirty - two , tall , big -bon , with a strong beautiful face . her hair be disarray at the moment , and she be dress for the garden , wear slack and a loose - fitting sweater , and earth - stain glove . but there be something about she , a feel of expansive comfort , rather than sloppiness . melanie miss hayworth ? annie yes ? melanie I be Melanie Daniels . I be sorry to bother you , but ... close shot - annie she be puzzle by Melanie who , exquisitely dress and groom , seem singularly out of place in bodega Bay . she study she openly . annie yes ? two shot - melanie and annie melanie the man at the post office send I . he say you would know the name of the little brenner girl . annie Cathy ? melanie the one who life in the white house across the bay ? annie that 's the one . Cathy brenner . melanie ( smile ) they seem sure it be either Alice or lois . annie which be why the mail in this town never get deliver to the right place . ( she take out package of cigarettes , offer one to Melanie ) do you want to see Cathy about something ? close shot - melanie take cigarette , hesitate . melanie well ... not exactly . close shot - annie study she , think she understand . annie be you a friend of Mitch 's ? melanie no , not really . two shot - melanie and annie there be a awkwardness here . Annie want to know more . she puff on the cigarette , smile , try a friendly approach . annie I have be want a cigarette for the past twenty minute , but I could not convince myself to stop . this ' tilling of the soil ' can get a little compulsive , you know . melanie it 's a lovely garden . annie thank you . it give I something to do with my spare time . ( pause ) there 's a lot of spare time in bodega Bay . ( another pause ) do you plan on stay long ? melanie no. just a few hour . annie you be leave after you see Cathy ? melanie well ... something like that . ( pause ) I be sorry . I do not mean to sound so mysterious . annie actually , it 's none of my business . there be a pause . Melanie , by she silence , affirm that it be none of Annie 's business . annie ( put out cigarette ) I would better get on my way . thank you very much . annie not at all . they begin walk toward the car . annie ( still curious ) do you drive up from San Francisco ? melanie yes . annie it 's a nice drive . ( pause ) be that where you meet Mitch ? melanie ( hesitate , then ) yes . annie I guess that 's where everyone meet he . close shot - melanie as she get in behind the wheel . Annie 's remark be not lose on she , and a quick look of sudden understanding cross she face . melanie now you sound a bit mysterious , miss hayworth . two shot - melanie and annie as Annie lean over the seat . annie do I ? ( she shake she head , smile wistfully ) no , I be a open book , I be afraid . ( pause ) or maybe a close one . ( she smile again , see the lovebird ) pretty . what be they ? melanie lovebird . take this as a further indication of Melanie 's relationship with Mitch : annie mmm. ( pause ) well , good luck , miss Daniels . melanie thank you . she nod pleasantly , start the car , pull away . close shot - annie watch the car , a look of sad resignation on she face . dissolve mo . shot - melanie come out of brinkmeyer 's General store , carry a small paper bag , walk toward she car out front . the camera follows she as she get in . she open she purse and reach in for the paper bag . close shot - her hand she pull out a birthday card from the paper bag . mo . shot - melanie reach into she purse again for a fountain pen . she unscrew the cap , brace the card on she close purse . insert - the card happy birthday , the usual rhyme sentiment . the pen write : to Cathy dissolve full shot - melanie' car crossing the highway down into the parking area behind the tide , close to the dock . high shot she get out of the car and walk onto one of the dock , the bird cage in she hand . Melanie approach a wait fisherman . she ask for she boat . the fisherman nod . he lead she to the dock and the wait boat . she get into the outboard motorboat , the fisherman help she . he hand down the lovebird in they cage . full shot - the boat pull away from the dock , head across the bay . very long shot ( matte ) - the boat and the wide expanse of the bay , as it head on a direct course for the house on the other side . very long shot ( matte ) another spectacular shot of the small boat . full shot - the boat come head - on toward camera , Melanie at the tiller . she cut the motor . the motor drift to a stop . the bay be silent except for the cry of the gull . long shot - the BRENNER house - melanie' p.o.v. there be not a sign of activity as the boat drift just a little closer . as Melanie watch , the front door open and a woman come out , walk to a red pickup truck , start the engine . a little girl come out of the house , go to the truck , get in . the woman shout something to a man -- Mitch brenner , probably , though it be difficult to tell from this distance -- and he come over to the truck . the truck grind into gear , go around the turnabout , and head down the road away from the farm , a huge cloud of dust behind it . the farm be still again . Mitch stand look after the truck for a moment , and then begin walk up toward the barn in the distance . close shot watch , bite she lip . long shot - the BRENNER house Mitch reach the barn and enter . silence . close shot - melanie watch , wait . long shot - the BRENNER house not a sign of life . mo . shot - melanie pick up paddle from deck , beginning to paddle in toward dock . full shot - the boat edging in toward the dock . closer , closer , Melanie put down the paddle . the boat drift in . mo . shot - melanie leaping ashore , tie up the boat , reach down for the cage . she climb onto the dock and approach the camera until she be in waist shot . the camera start to recede in front of she as she walk forward . the camera moving toward the house and barn the barn door close , still no sign of Mitch . waist shot - melanie come off the dock and onto the lawn , the camera still retreating in front of she . she make she way carefully across the lawn , glance toward the barn , carry the bird cage . full shot - camera getting near the house and barn waist shot - melanie crossing the lawn , the camera retreating in front of she . full shot - closer - camera approaching the house and barn close shot - melanie - walking camera retreating in front of she : excitement and anticipation on she face . she wet she lip . the camera pan with she as she go to front door and let herself in . full shot - int . the BRENNER house entry as the door open . Melanie enter quickly , and close the door behind she . she glance around for a moment , get she bearing . the house be silent . mo . shot - melanie enter the dining room . hastily , she put the cage on the dinning room table , prop the card up against it , then glance through the lace curtain on the dinning room window . full shot - the barn - closer - through the curtain as before . ext . BRENNER house - waist shot - melanie - moving p.o.v . as the front door open and Melanie emerge . camera pan and follows she back down front walk . Melanie glance over she shoulder toward the barn . ext . barn - moving p.o.v. Mitch have not emerge . moving p.o.v . - melanie camera continue moving on Melanie 's back toward the end of the dock . Melanie again glance over she shoulder toward the barn . moving p.o.v. further along the dock toward the barn . still no Mitch . back to melanie camera continue on she back for a short distance and stop as Melanie continue to the end of the dock and climb into the boat . moving p.o.v . - melanie camera continue on she back for a short distance and stop as Melanie continue to the end of the dock and climb into the boat . moving p.o.v . - melanie camera follows Melanie as she paddle away from the dock . close shot - melanie ( process ) as she look toward the house and barn . she start to duck down . ext . barn - melanie' p.o.v. as Mitch emerge from the barn and go toward the house . he go inside . close shot - melanie ( process ) peer over the stern of the boat . ext . house - melanie' p.o.v. Mitch dash out of the front door and look around . close shot - melanie as she watch Mitch . melanie' p.o.v. as Mitch run back into the house . close shot - melanie ( process ) peer over stern of the boat . mitch - melanie' p.o.v. as he emerge from the front door and raise binocular . extreme close shot - mitch as he look towards Melanie 's boat through the binocular . the Bay be reflect in the glass . close shot - melanie ( through binoculars ) she be pull at the cord which start the motor . she sit down and grab the tiller . she look back over she shoulder , as the boat move away . close shot - mitch he be smile with amused recognition ; he lower the binocular and dash out of frame . close shot - melanie ( process ) the camera be moving with she as she look toward Mitch . long shot - the BRENNER house Mitch be run for he car . the car door slam . the engine start . the car practically leap out of the driveway . close side - on shot - melanie as she watch the car race along the shore . long shot - car - melanie' p.o.v. Mitch 's car racing along the shore . close shot - three quarter back left - melanie ( process ) she look off right toward car . car - melanie' p.o.v. Mitch 's car racing along the shore road , turn inland at keesport . close shot - straight back - melanie ( process ) Melanie look camera right , she eye slowly turn camera left . car - melanie' moving p.o.v. Mitch 's car race past wreck ferry boat . close shot - straight back - melanie ( process ) her head continue to turn camera left . she look off and see : long shot - the dock - melanie' moving p.o.v. move forward slower . Mitch drive onto dock , get out of the car and stand wait . close shot - straight back - melanie ( process ) partially pose for Mitch , she hair blow in the wind , she head tilt back , a smile on she face . full shot - gull swoop down from upper lefthand corner of frame to lower right . close shot - straight back - melanie ( process ) as gull strike the back of she head . she recoil and look up with shock and pain . gull - melanie' p.o.v. the gull soar away from lower righthand corner of frame to upper left . close shot - melanie reacting to the sudden attack and look after recede gull . blood be start down she temple from she hair . mo . shot - mitch as the boat come closer . the boat drift in toward a second boat tie up at the dock . Mitch cross the dock boat , leap into Melanie 's boat . mo . shot - mitch and melanie in the boat . mitch that be the damndest thing I ever see . melanie what make it ... mitch it deliberately come down at you -- you be bleed ... close shot - melanie a thin line of blood trickle from the cut on top of she head , down onto she forehead and cheek . she seem daze . she shake she head in answer to he , then touch the top of she head , look at she bloody finger , and then nod weakly . close shot - mitch concerned . mitch come on , let 's take care of that . full shot - the dock as they climb onto it . a fisherman stand by look at Melanie curiously . fisherman what happen , Mitch ? mitch ( over he shoulder ) a gull hit she . fisherman a what ? the camera follows they as they walk across the parking area behind the tide , and to the close office . Mitch try the door knob . the door be lock . insert - sign on door out to lunch two shot - melanie and mitch as he try door of next office . it , too , be lock . mitch come on , we would better go up to the restaurant . they walk quickly up the slope to the tide , establish gas station across the road , the collection of store opposite , the car pull in and out . Mitch open the door for she , and they enter . int . the tide - full shot this be a small neighborhood restaurant , with the feel of a local hangout . there be fisherman loung at the bar , and a teenage boy play one of the pinball machine . two lady in housedress , with they hair in curler , be sit at one of the booth , have coffee . the rear wall of the restaurant be almost all window , look out over the bay and the parking area below . a television set over the bar be go . the shot and horsehoof beat of a old western movie should be heard mute throughout follow . deke carter , who own the restaurant with he wife , alternate he attention between serve he customer and watch the western . he look up immediately when Mitch and Melanie enter . mo . shot - the bar Mitch and Melanie come over to it . mitch deke , have you get a first aid kit back there ? deke ( instantly alarmed ) what happen ? mitch Young woman cut herself . deke shall I call the doctor ? mitch ( accept the first aid kit ) I do not think it 's that serious . you want to sit up here ? Melanie climb onto the stool . deke you cut yourself outside , miss ? mitch stop worry , deke . she be in a boat . he be rummage around in the kit . deke I have a man trip and fall in the parking lot once , sue I before I could bat a eyelash . mitch I do not think miss Daniels be go to sue anybody . deke ( doubtfully ) well , you be the lawyer . ( go to other end of bar ) two shot - melanie and mitch as he unscrew cap from bottle of peroxide . melanie what 's that ? mitch just some peroxide . I want to clean out the cut . he pour peroxide onto a gauze pad and begin swabbing the cut . they be silent for several second . then : melanie so you be a lawyer . mitch that 's right . what be you do in bodega Bay ? melanie do you practice here ? mitch no , San Francisco . what be you ...? melanie what kind of law ? mitch criminal . melanie be that why you would like to see everyone behind bar ? mitch not everyone , miss Daniels . melanie only violator and practical joker . melanie that 's right . as he swab cut . melanie ouch ! mitch I be sorry . ( pause ) what be you do up here ? melanie do not you see the lovebird ? mitch you come all the way up here to bring I that bird ? melanie to bring you sister that bird . you say it be she birthday . besides , I be come up anyway . mitch what for ? melanie to see a friend of mine . ( she wince ) will you please be careful ? mitch I be sorry . ( pause ) who 's you friend ? melanie why ... ( pause , stymy ) mitch yes ? melanie ( blurt the only name she know ) Annie . Annie hayworth . mitch well , well , small world . Annie hayworth . melanie ( realize this be a mistake ) yes . mitch how do you know Annie ? melanie ( the lie get deeper ) we ... we go to school together . College . mitch do you ! imagine that ! how long will you be stay ? melanie just a few ... just a day or two ... the weekend . mitch I think we will have to shave the hair . deke , have you get a razor ? melanie ( pull away ) oh , no you do not ! mitch it 's still bleed a little . here , let I put this on . he take up a tiny Band - Aid and , tear the gauze off , say : mitch Bend you head down . this little Band - Aid will not show . he press the tiny Band - Aid over the cut . Melanie take a mirror from she handbag and , bend she head down , look at it . she cover she hair over it as Mitch say : mitch so you come up to see Annie , huh ? melanie yes . mitch I do not believe you . ( grin ) I think you come up to see I . melanie why would I want to see you , of all people ? mitch ( shrugging ) I do not know . but it seem to I you must have go to a lot of trouble to find out who I be , and where I live and ... melanie it be no trouble at all . I simply call my father 's paper . besides , I be come up here anyway , I already tell you ... mitch ( grin ) you like I , huh ? melanie I loathe you . you have no manners . and you be arrogant and conceit and ... I write you a letter about it , in fact , but I tore it up . mitch what do it say ? melanie none of you business . ( pause ) be I still bleed ? she lower she head . mitch can not see a thing . melanie I can not say I like you seagull much , either . I come all the way up here to ... mitch but you be come up anyway , remember ? melanie I be ! and all I get for my pain be a ... a... a hole in the head ! mitch ( grin ) right next to the one you already have . melanie ( angrily ) look , Mr. brenner ... lydia ( o.s. ) Mitch ? they turn toward the door . mo . shot - lydia BRENNER close the door behind she , come toward the bar . she be a woman in she late forty , attractive , wear shirt , blouse , cardigan sweater , low heel . there be nothing agrarian-look about she . she speak with the quick tempo of the city dweller , and there be lively inquiry in she eye . lydia ( puzzle ) I think I see you car . what be you do in town ? mitch ( rise to greet she ) I have to acknowledge a delivery . ( grin ) mother , I would like you to meet ... lydia a what ? mitch ( continue ) Melanie Daniels . Melanie , my mother . close shot - lydia her eyebrow raise ever so slightly , not in displeasure , but simply in enormous curiosity as she acknowledge the introduction . lydia how do you do , miss Daniels ? ( to Mitch ) acknowledge a what ? back to scene mitch a delivery , mother . miss Daniels bring some bird from San Francisco . lydia think she understand . this be one of Mitch 's San Francisco chippy . lydia oh. I see . mitch for Cathy . for she birthday . by the way , where be she ? lydia across at brinkmeyer 's . mitch miss Daniels be stay for the weekend . in fact , I have already invite she to dinner tonight . close shot - melanie turn to he in surprise , beginning to shake she head . close shot - mitch mitch after all , you do go to the trouble of bring up that bird . melanie ( o.s. ) I be sorry . I could not possibly ... back to scene lydia you do say bird ? mitch yes , lovebird . we could not let you ... lydia ( understanding completely now ) lovebird , I see . mitch ... get away without thanking you in some small way . after all , you have not even meet Cathy and you be stay for the weekend ... melanie yes , but ... mitch you be , be not you ? melanie certainly , but ... mitch then it 's settle . what time be dinner , mother ? lydia Seven o'clock , same as usual . mitch I will pick you up , miss Daniels . where be you stay ? melanie with ... with Annie , of course . mitch of course , how stupid of I . a quarter to seven , will that be all right ? melanie Annie ... Annie may have make other plan . I will have to see . besides , I can find my own way . mitch you be sure now ? you will not hire a boat or anything ? melanie I be sure . mitch Seven o'clock then . melanie maybe . close shot - mitch grin . mitch we will be wait . how 's you head now ? mo . shot - the group lydia look at Mitch inquiringly . melanie ( with a overwarm smile ) it 's nothing , Mrs. brenner . a gull hit I , that 's all . lydia stare at she doubtfully . dissolve ext . annie hayworth's house - full shot Melanie be stand on the front step , a paper bag in she hand . she ring the doorbell . the room to let sign be still in the window . the door suddenly open . annie ( surprised ) oh , hi ! ( pause ) do you find she all right ? two shot - melanie and annie melanie yes , I do . there be a long awkward pause . Annie smile expectantly at Melanie . Melanie seem hesitant . melanie I be wonder ... annie yes ? melanie that sign . ( pause ) do you think I could have the room for a single night ? annie well , I would really hope to rent it for ... melanie I would appreciate it . I have try everywhere in town , and they be all full . annie ( after a pause ) sure . you can have it . ( smile ) where 's you bag ? in the car ? Melanie hold up the paper bag . Annie look at it and then smile . annie it 's utilitarian , I will say that for it . melanie ( smile ) I just pick up some thing for the night at the general store . you see , I have not plan on spend much time here . annie yes , I know . do something unexpected crop up ? there be a moment where both woman look at each other ... when Melanie answer , it be abrupt and a trifle cold -- she be again tell Annie to mind she own business . melanie yes. ( pause ) May I use you phone ? I would like to call home . there be another moment where Annie appraise Melanie 's attitude , and then accept it . she suddenly smile warmly . annie why do not you come in then ? I be just about to mix a martini . she be about to lead Melanie into the house when they both hear a SOUND overhead . they turn to look skyward . long shot - a flock of large bird fly in beautiful precise formation against the sky . two shot - annie and melanie annie ( shaking she head ) do not they ever stop migrate ? but Melanie be watch the sky and the bird with a curiously serious expression . dissolve long shot - the approach road to the brenner house . Melanie 's car be drive along the shore . behind she , the sky be stain with sunset . there be gull on the bay , caw into the silence . full shot - the car as it pull into the brenner yard . mo . shot - melanie reach up for the rear view mirror , tilting it to examine she lipstick , touch the edge of she mouth with one hand . she get out of the car , camera following she to the house . she climb the porch step , knock on the door . there be no answer . puzzle , she begin walk back into the yard . in the distance , she see Mitch , lydia and Cathy come from behind the chicken shed . she raise she arm in greeting . melanie ( call ) hi! full shot - mitch , cathy , lydia in the distance . Mitch and Cathy raise they arm . cathy ( excitedly ) hi! ( she break into a trot toward Melanie ) close shot - cathy as she approach . she be a eleven - year - old child , clear -ey , bright , uninhibit , wear a shirt and blouse , she hair cropped close to she head . she hesitates for just a moment . cathy miss Daniels ? melanie yes ? and Cathy fling herself into Melanie 's arm , almost knock she off she foot , hugging she fiercely . cathy they be beautiful ! they be just what I want ! be there a man and a woman ? I can not tell which be which . melanie well , I suppose ... full shot - all of they mitch ( come up ) hi. Annie have no plan , huh ? I be glad you come . be you hungry ? melanie famish . mitch dinner 's just about ready . ( explain ) we be out back look at the chicken . something seem to be wrong with they . lydia ( go toward house ) there 's nothing wrong with that chicken , Mitch . I be go to call Fred brinkmeyer right now . mitch ( as they follow into house ) I do not know what good that will do . ( aside to Melanie ) chicken will not eat . full shot - the BRENNER house as they enter , camera following they throughout into dining room where lydia dial phone , talk to Mitch all along . lydia he sell the feed to I , do not he ? mitch caviat emptor , mother . let the buyer beware . lydia whose side be you on ? mitch I be simply quote the law . lydia never mind the law . Cathy , you can start serve the soup . she have finish dial now , be wait while the phone ring . lydia this will not take a minute , miss Dan ... ( into phone ) hello , Fred ? this be lydia brenner . I do not interrupt you dinner , do I ? ( pause ) Fred , that feed you sell I be no good . ( pause ) the chicken feed . the three bag I bring . close shot - lydia hold the telephone . lydia well , it 's just no good . the chicken will not eat it . ( pause ) they be always hungry , Fred . I open one of the sack when I get home , and I pour it out for they , and they would not touch it . now you know chicken as well as I do , and when they will not eat , there 's just something wrong with what they be be feed , that 's all . ( pause ) no , they be not fussy chicken . ( pause ) who ? what 's he get to do with it ? ( pause ) Fred , I do not care how much feed you sell he . my chicken ... ( pause ) he do ? Dan fawcett ? ( pause ) this afternoon ? ( pause ) well , that only prove what I be say . the feed you sell we be ... ( pause ) oh . oh , I see . uh-huh . uh-huh . uh - huh . maybe I ought to go over to see he . you do not think there 's something go around , do you ? ( pause ) no , never . ( pause ) no , Fred , they do not seem sick at all . they just will not eat . ( pause ) mmmm. mmmmm . well , I will try to get over to Dan 's farm . maybe he will ... mmmmm ... mmmmm ... all right , Fred , thanks . ( she hang up , puzzle ) full shot - the dine room as lydia come to the table . Mitch and Melanie be sit opposite each other in the center chair . Cathy be serve the last bowl of soup . lydia ( as she sit ) he get a call from Dan fawcett a little while ago . his chicken will not eat , either . cathy it 's what you say , Mom . Mr. brinkmeyer 's feed be no good . lydia ( slowly ) no , Cathy . he sell Mr. fawcett a different brand . ( extremely worried ) you do not think they be get sick , do you , Mitch ? close shot - lydia she eye troubled as she pick up she napkin . dissolve full shot - the live room the meal be over . the lovebird in they hang cage have be cover for the night . in the b.g. Mitch and lydia be carry the stack dish to the kitchen . in the f.g. Cathy and Melanie be by a small upright piano . Melanie be play a debussy arabesque : she pick up a cigarette from the ashtray now and again to take a puff . cathy I still do not understand how you know I want lovebird . melanie you brother tell I . lydia ( as she go into kitchen ) then you know Mitch in San Francisco , be that right ? melanie no , not exactly . cathy Mitch know lot of people in San Francisco . of course , they be mostly hood . lydia ( from the kitchen ) Cathy ! cathy well , Mom , he 's the first to admit it . ( to Melanie ) he spend half he day in the detention cell at the Hall of justice . lydia ( come from kitchen ) in a democracy , Cathy , everyone be entitle to a fair trial . you brother 's practice ... cathy Mom , please , I know all the democracy jazz . they be still hood . ( to Melanie ) he 's get a client now who shot he wife in the head six time . six time , can you imagine it ? ( she start for live room ) I mean , even twice would be overdo it , do not you think ? melanie ( to Mitch as he carry load of dish out ) why do he shoot she ? mitch he be watch a ball game on television . melanie what ? mitch his wife change the channel . he goe into kitchen . two shot - melanie and cathy Melanie interrupt she play to take another puff at she cigarette . cathy be smoking fun ? melanie oh , I suppose so . cathy could I have a puff ? melanie I do not think you mother would like that . cathy ( o.s. ) just a little one . two shot - melanie and cathy they both glance conspiratorially toward the kitchen . quickly , Melanie extend the cigarette . quickly , Cathy take a small puff . cathy ( delighted ) why , it 's just like air , be not it ? ( determine ) when I grow up , I be gonna smoke like a chimney ! I will be eleven tomorrow , you know . melanie I know . cathy be you come to my party ? melanie I do not think so . ( see the child 's face ) I have to get back to San Francisco . cathy do not you like we ? melanie ( touch she hair ) darling , of course I do ! cathy do not you like bodega Bay ? melanie I do not know yet . cathy Mitch like it very much . he come up every weekend , you know , even though he have he own apartment in the city . he say San Francisco be just a ant hill at the foot of a bridge . melanie ( smile ) I guess it do get a little hectic at time . cathy if you do decide to come , do not say I tell you about it . it 's suppose to be a surprise party . Melanie laugh . cathy you see , they have get this whole complicated thing figure out where I be go over to Michele 's for the afternoon , and Michele 's mother be go to say she have a headache and would I mind very much if she take I home . then , when we get back here , all of the kid will jump out ! ( pause ) wo not you come ? wo not you please come ? close shot - melanie shaking she head , glance toward the kitchen . melanie I do not think so , Cathy . int . kitchen - two shot - lydia and mitch Mitch be help she as she load the dishwasher . lydia she 's a charming girl , be not she , Mitch ? mitch yes , very . lydia and certainly pretty . mitch yes . lydia how long have you know she ? mitch I tell you . we meet yesterday . lydia in a bird shop . mitch yes . lydia she be sell bird . mitch no . I only lead she into believe I believe she be ... mother , it 's really very complicated . lydia but she do buy the lovebird and then bring they all the way ... mitch mother , where do you go to law school ? lydia ( laugh ) forgive I . I suppose I be just naturally curious about a girl like that . ( pause ) she 's very rich , be not she ? mitch I suppose so . her father own a big newspaper in San Francisco . lydia you would think he could manage to keep she name out of print . she 's always mention in the column , Mitch . mitch I know , mother . lydia she be the one who jump into that fountain in Rome last summer , be not she ? mitch yes , mother . lydia perhaps I be old - fashioned . ( pause ) I know it be suppose to be very warm there , Mitch , but ... well ... actually ... well , the newspaper say she be naked . mitch I know , mother . lydia it 's none of my business , of course , but when you bring a girl like that to ... mitch mother ? lydia ( look up ) yes ? mitch I think I can handle Melanie Daniels by myself . lydia well ... ( she sigh ) so long as you know what you want , Mitch . mitch I know exactly what I want , mother . dissolve full shot - the BRENNER lawn - exterior - night as Mitch and Melanie cross it to she car . a wind be blow off the water , and high fast cloud be scudd across the face of the moon . mitch you will be able to find you way back , will not you ? melanie oh , yes . melanie will I be see you again ? melanie San Francisco 's a long way from here . mitch I be in San Francisco five day a week . with a lot of time on my hand . I would like to see you . ( he grin ) maybe we could go swim or something . mother tell I you like to swim . melanie how do mother know what I like to do ? mitch I guess she and I read the same gossip column . melanie oh. that. Rome . mitch mmmm . I like to swim . we might get along very ... melanie in case you be interested , I be push into that fountain . melanie without any clothes on ? melanie with all my clothes on ! the newspaper that run the story happen to be a rival of my father 's paper . anything they say ... mitch you be just a poor , innocent victim of circumstance , huh ? melanie I be neither poor nor innocent , but the truth of that particular ... mitch the truth be you be run around with a pretty wild crowd ... melanie yes , but ... mitch ... who do not much care for propriety or convention or ... melanie yes . mitch ... the opinion of other , and you go right along with they , be not that the truth ? melanie yes , that 's the truth . but I be push into that fountain , and that 's the truth , too . mitch sure . do you really know Annie hayworth ? melanie no. ( pause ) at least , I do not until I come up here . mitch so you do not go to school together . melanie no . mitch and you do not come up here to see she . melanie no . mitch you be lie . melanie yes , I be lie . mitch do you really write a letter to I ? or be that a lie , too ? melanie I write the letter . mitch what do it say ? melanie it say , " dear Mr. brenner , I think you need that lovebird , after all . they may help you personality . " that 's what it say . mitch but you tore it up . melanie yes . mitch why ? melanie because it seem stupid and foolish . mitch like jump into a fountain in Rome ! melanie I tell you what happen in Rome ! mitch do you expect I to believe ...? melanie I do not give a damn what you believe ! angrily she get into the car , be about to slam the door when Mitch catch it in he hand . mitch I would still like to see you . melanie why ? mitch I think it could be fun . close shot - melanie pull the door shut . melanie that might have be good enough in Rome last summer . but it 's not good enough now . close shot - mitch mitch it be for I . close shot - melanie melanie but not for I . close shot - mitch mitch what do you want ? close shot - melanie melanie ( angrily sarcastic ) I think you know ! I want to go through life laugh and beautiful and jump into fountain naked ! good night ! mo . shot - the car as it pull away . Mitch yank he hand back from the door . close shot - mitch as he watch the car leave . long shot - the road the car turn the bend and disappear . empty road . only the long line of telephone pole and wire and ... something strange on the wire . close shot mitch his attention catch by the pole and wire . close shot - the wire hundred of bird sit on they . mo . shot - mitch stand and watch . a wind blow off the water . he shiver suddenly , turn up he collar , and head for the house . dissolve int . annie hayworth's live room - mo . shot - annie hayworth in a easy chair , read . she be wear a robe and smoking , absorb in she book . she turn when she hear the front door open . annie miss Daniels ? be that you ? melanie ( o.s. ) yes . Annie rise to greet she . as Melanie enter the shot : annie hi. ( see she face ) be something wrong ? be that cut beginning to bother you ? melanie ( touch she head ) no , it 's not the cut that 's bother I . annie ( concerned ) would you like some brandy ? melanie if you have some , I would ... annie I will get it , sit down , miss Daniels . do you want a sweater or something ? a quilt ? as Annie get the brandy : melanie no , thank you . ( pause ) wo not you call I Melanie ? annie all right . ( she smile ) mo . shot - melanie sit , tucking she leg up under she . she be disturb by she conversation with Mitch and , in fact , by the way this entire trip have work out . Annie bring she the glass of brandy , and she take it gratefully . melanie thank you . annie ( sit opposite she ) it get a little chilly here at night sometimes . especially if you be over near the bay . Melanie nod and sip at the brandy . there be a long pause . annie well , how would you evening go ? Melanie shrug . annie do you meet lydia ? Melanie nod . annie or would you rather I change the subject ? melanie ( with a tired smile ) I think so . annie ( nodd ) how do you like we little hamlet ? melanie I despise it . annie ( laugh ) well , I do not suppose it offer much to the casual visitor . unless you be thrilled by a collection of shack on a hillside . it take a while to get use to . melanie where be you from originally , Annie ? annie San Francisco . melanie how would you happen to come here ? annie oh , someone invite I up for the weekend a long time ago . there be a awkward pause . Annie shrug . annie look , I see no reason for be coy about this . it be Mitch brenner . Melanie nod . annie I guess you know that , anyway . melanie I suspect as much . annie you need not worry . it 's over and do with . a long time ago . melanie Annie -- there 's nothing between Mitch and I . annie be not there ? ( she shrug ) maybe there be not . maybe there 's never anything between Mitch and any girl . melanie what do you mean ? annie I think I will have some of that , too . ( she pour brandy , drink , sigh ) I be see quite a lot of he in San Francisco , you know . ( she smile weakly ) and then , one weekend , he ask I up to meet lydia . melanie when be this ? annie four year ago . of course , that be shortly after he father die . thing may be different now . melanie different ? annie with lydia . ( pause ) do she seem a trifle distant ? melanie ( smile ) a trifle . annie then maybe it be not different at all . you know , she attitude nearly drive I crazy . I simply could not understand it . annie when I get back to San Francisco I spend day try to figure out just what I would do to displease she . melanie and what have you do ? annie nothing ! I simply exist . so what be the answer ? a jealous woman , right ? a cling possessive mother . ( she shake she head ) wrong . with all due respect to oedipus , I do not think that be the case at all . melanie then what be it ? annie lydia like I , you see . that be the strange part of it . in fact , now that I be no longer a threat , we be very good friend . melanie then why do she object to you ? annie because she be afraid . melanie afraid you would take Mitch ? annie afraid I would give Mitch . melanie I do not understand . annie afraid of any woman who would give Mitch the only thing lydia can give he -- love . melanie Annie , that add up to a jealous , possessive woman . annie no , I do not think so . she 's not afraid of lose she son , you see . she 's only afraid of be abandon . melanie someone ought to tell she she would be gain a daughter . annie she already have a daughter . melanie what about Mitch ? do not he have anything to say about this ? annie ( apologetically ) I can understand he position . he go through a lot with lydia after he father die . he do not want to risk go through it all over again . melanie I see . annie so it end . not immediately , of course . I go back to San Francisco , and I still see Mitch every now and then ... but we both know it be finish . melanie then what be you do here in bodega Bay ? annie you get straight to the point , do not you ? melanie I be sorry . forgive I . annie no , that 's all right , I do not mind . I come up here for two reason . to begin with , I be bored with my job in San Francisco . I be teach at a private school there ... well , you know , you probably go to one yourself . melanie I do . annie then you know . Little girl in brown beany . deadly . here I have a life . I will go into that classroom on Monday morning , and I will look out at twenty - five upturn little face , and each of they will be say , ' yes , please give I what you have . ' ( pause ) and I will give they what I have . I have not get very much , but I will give they every ounce of it . to I , that 's very important . it make I want to stay alive for a long long time . ( she sigh ) that 's the first reason . melanie and the second ? annie ( simply ) I want to be near Mitch . ( pause ) it be over , and I know it , but I want to be near he , anyway . ( she smile ) you see , I still like he a hell of a lot . that 's rare , I think . I do not want to lose he friendship ... ever . there be a moment of silence . into the silence , the telephone shrill . Annie hesitates a moment , and then go to answer it . close shot - annie at the phone . annie hello ? oh , hello . no , no , I be not asleep . what be it ? ( pause ) yes , just a little while ago . sure , hold on . ( she turn to Melanie ) it 's Mitch . for you . two shot - melanie and annie as they stare at each other across the room , Melanie hesitate . annie he 's wait . Melanie rise and go to the phone . the camera follows Annie to the wing chair in the foreground and stay on she throughout follow , recording she reaction as Melanie talk to Mitch in the background . Annie be not devastate by this call , and yet there be a wistfulness to she expression as she realize she may finally and irrevocably be lose Mitch to another girl . melanie ( at phone ; coolly ) hello ? yes , this be Melanie . Fine , thank you . no , no trouble at all . I simply follow the road . it 's a very bright night . ( pause ) what ? oh. well , there 's no need to apologize . I can understand ... ( pause ; she listen ) well ... ( she listen again ) that 's very kind of you . no , I be not angry . ( she listen ) I could not . I be afraid I have to get back to San Francisco . ( pause ) no , I would not want to disappoint Cathy , but ... ( pause ) I see. ( she be warming ) I see . well , if you really ... ( pause ) all right . yes , I will be there . ( pause ) good night , Mitch . she hang up and look at Annie in embarrassment . melanie he want I to go to Cathy 's party tomorrow afternoon . ( pause ) I say I would . annie I will be go , too , to help out . it should be fun , Melanie . melanie it seem so pointless . ( she sigh ) I think I will go to sleep . this have be a busy day . ( pick up she paper bag ) my luggage . she smile , take out a flower muumuu , hold it up to Annie . annie pretty . do you get that at brinkmeyer 's ? Melanie nod and drape the muumuu over she arm . she be silent for a moment , pensive . then : melanie do you think I should go ? annie that 's up to you . melanie it 's really up to lydia , be not it ? annie never mind lydia . do you want to go ? melanie ( firmly ) yes . annie then go . the room be silent . Melanie nod , slowly , and then smile . melanie thank you , Annie . suddenly , into the silence , come a thump at the door , startling they both . annie ( rise ) who can that be at this hour ? ( she walk to door ) who be it ? ( no answer ) be someone there ? Melanie go to stand beside Annie . puzzle , Annie unlock the door , and then open it . she look out into the night . there be nothing but the SOUND of the wind . annie ( to the emptiness outside ) be anyone there ? melanie ( point to the ground ) look . close shot - a dead seagull close shot - annie annie ( sympathetically ) ohhh . oh , the poor thing . he probably lose he way in the dark . close shot - melanie who stare at the dead bird as Annie stoops to pick it up . and then , slowly : melanie but ... it be not dark , Annie . there 's a full moon . two shot - melanie and annie as Annie , stooping , look up at she . on they puzzlement and consternation : fade out fade in high shot - the BRENNER house the place be decorate with balloon strung from the house to various point on the lawn . the child , in party clothes , with they parent , be cluster around a long fold table upon which be sandwich , ice cream and soft drink . the parent be either help the child to more or tell they they be have too much . there be a general SOUND of kid 's chatter and laughter . come up the sloping path , away from the party , be Melanie and Mitch . the camera pan they up the slope and away from the party in background . as they turn the hairpin bend of the slope , and come up toward the camera , we see the entrance of the harbor and the Pacific in the background . the camera pan they as they come near to we and , once more , the party be in the background . Mitch and Melanie pass the camera out to the leave . closer shot - the top of the dune Melanie and Mitch come into the picture from the right and stand against the sky . Mitch take a martini shaker from one of he pocket , and two glass from the other . he hand one of the glass to Melanie , and then pour . melanie I really should not have any more . I be a little tipsy already . mitch I be try to get you to stay for dinner . we be go to have a lot of roast leave over . melanie I could not possibly . I have to get back . mitch ( with a shrug ) cheer . melanie cheer . they drink . melanie what 's in this ? nitro-glycerin ? mitch why do you have to rush off ? what 's so important in San Francisco ? melanie well ... I have to get to work tomorrow morning , for one thing . mitch ( surprised ) you have a job ? melanie ( sip at the martini ) I have several job . mitch what do you do ? melanie I do different thing on different day . mitch like what ? melanie ( hesitate ) on monday and wednesday , I work for the traveler ' Aid . at the airport . mitch helping traveler . melanie yes . she hesitates for a moment , think . she have never really consider before what she do with she time , and now that she be accounting for it , it sound a little meaningless and unimportant . melanie and on tuesday , I take a course in General Semantics at Berkeley . that 's not a job , of course . I just take it because ... mitch what about thursdays and Fridays ? melanie on thursdays I have my meeting and lunch . ( pause ) I be chairman of a group that 's send a little Korean boy through school . we plan how to raise fund and ... thing like that . ( she shrug ) mitch and Fridays ? what do you do then ? melanie nothing . ( she smile ) I go to bird shop on Fridays . mitch I be glad you do . melanie do you know what I be do in that shop ? mitch what ? melanie I have a aunt , you see . aunt tessa . she 's seventy year old , and veddy prim and strait-lace . ( she do a imitation ) she 's come back from Europe at the end of the month , and I be go to give she a myna bird that will talk to she . mitch what will it say ? melanie ( facetiously ) you will think I very bold , sir . mitch no , tell I . she lean over and whisper in he ear . they both burst out laughter . but then suddenly , a very serious look come into Melanie 's face . close shot - melanie serious , introspective . melanie that 's silly , be not it ? Teaching a bird to shock my aunt . that 's just silly and childish . ( slight pause ) maybe I ought to go join the other child . full shot - melanie and mitch as she move abruptly away from he , and start toward where the child have begin play blind man 's bluff . Mitch stare after she for a moment , move by this sudden glimpse of character , and then follow she down the dune . the child be all in a circle . Annie be busy change the blindfold from Michele to Cathy . camera pan - melanie and mitch the camera be now on the lawn pointing up toward dune . we see Mitch and Melanie descend . they be come down by way of a short cut and be not on the zig -zag path . as they reach the lawn they move along the side of it at the foot of the dune . they be absorb in each other . the camera pan off they and bring into the picture Annie , surround by the child . she be in the act of change the blindfold from Michele to Cathy . she hand Michele she glass back . during this , and while she be put the blindfold round the eye of Cathy , she be look to she right and obviously be watch Mitch and Melanie . mitch and melanie - anniee p.o.v. mo . shot - annie camera move a little to she leave ( camera right ) . at this moment , in the background , lydia be emerge with the birthday cake . the candle on it be unlit . lydia immediately also catch sight of Mitch and Melanie and she slow up somewhat as she walk to the long table , she eye still on the couple . during this we see Annie in the foreground send Cathy off . annie all right then , here we go . ( she spin she ) once ! ( she spin she again ) twice ! ( she spin she again ) Three ! go get them , Cathy ! she say all this while still look toward the couple . she turn she head away from the couple with a new expression on she face . she twist completely around to look at lydia as though she be wonder if lydia see what she see . suddenly we hear a little boy 's voice cry : little boy ( o.s. ) look ! look ! Annie swing round and the camera rush into she face as she look up . long shot - anniee p.o.v. a gull be swoop down . close shot - cathy as she change she tactic , stop dead , and then cautiously reach out in front of she at the air . the gull suddenly swoops at she , hit she shoulder . she whirl . cathy no touch allow ! she almost fall . full shot - the gull see from Cathy 's position . he fly off , cycle and then return . close shot - annie reacting to gull . she turn she head back to Cathy . two shot - melanie and mitch reacting to the gull hit Cathy . they start towards Cathy . mo . shot - annie with Cathy and the child around . the camera pan down as she duck with two gull swoop by . close shot - lydia hurriedly put the cake onto the table . she rush round to the front of it . full shot - annie - lydia be p.o.v. Annie rise from the ground . Cathy and the other child be run in the background . close shot - lydia reacting to two more gull diving . full shot - two gull - lydia be p.o.v. diving toward the child . close shot - lydia she start to run out camera right . mo . shot - lydia reach cathy she push she to the ground as a gull attack . two shot - two mother as a gull swoops between they . full shot - mitch come out of the house with a broom . two gull swoop down at the child 's head . mo . shot - mitch swinging at gull and miss . long shot - little boy run toward bank . gull swoop after he . close shot - little boy fall forward against the bank as the gull smashes into he . full shot - melanie and mitch run to the injure boy , who be lie against the bank . three shot - melanie , mitch and little boy they look up . long shot - the gull against the sky , fly away in formation . close shot - mitch about to swing with the broom again , but the bird be no longer there . a puzzle look cross he face . he turn to Melanie . mitch be you all right ? two shot - melanie and mitch melanie yes . annie ( come over ) that 's the darnest thing thing I have ever see in my life . two shot - lydia and mitch lydia be they go ? mitch they be go , mother . full shot - the lawn as the child begin drift back toward the table and the cake . there be the curious feel of lighting have strike very close by without have injure anyone . all that adrenaline have boil up , and now it have no place to go . lydia well ... well , be everyone all right ? mitch ( with a small boy ) I think he get a little scratch , mother . girl # 3 do you see they ? they be hawk ! girl # 4 they be bigger than hawk ! annie Children , they be only seagull . and then the meaning of what she have just say strike she , and she remember the bird hit she door the night before . two shot - annie and melanie as Annie turn to look at she and they exchange a silent meaningful glance . back to scene cathy they must have be after the food , mother . they all turn toward the table . close shot - the table and the rest of the food on the table , undisturbed close shot - mitch eye narrow . mitch they do not touch anything . back to scene annie ( try to restore order ) well , they be go now , so ... so let 's ... ( pause ) who be ' it ? ' you be ' it , ' be not you , Cathy ? girl # 2 can I be ' it , ' miss hayworth ? two shot - melanie and mitch as Annie and the child begin the game behind they . mitch you look a little shake . melanie I ... I am. ( pause ) Mitch , be ... Mitch , this be not usual , be it ? the gull yesterday when I be in the boat , and the one last night at Annie 's , and now ... mitch last night ? what do you mean ? melanie a gull smashed into Annie 's front door . ( pause ) Mitch ... what 's happen ? mitch ( concerned ) I do not know , Melanie . ( pause ) look , do you have to go back to Annie 's ? melanie no , I have my thing in the car . mitch ( gently ) then stay and have something to eat before you start back . I would feel a lot better . close shot - melanie she nod , and then look up at the sky . suddenly she shudder . dissolve close shot - mitch be hand - dine room int . in background he be slice the leftover roast beef . mo . shot - mitch put the meat onto plate , turn over he shoulder to call into live room . the lovebird in they cage be make a terrible racket . mitch do you want some mustard with this ? melanie ( o.s. ) no , thank you . cathy ( come from kitchen ) why do not Annie stay for dinner ? mitch she say something about have to get home to take a call from she mother back East . cathy oh . where d' you want the coffee ? mitch take it into the live room , would you , hon ? cathy ( see the bird ) what 's the matter with they ? lydia turn from a side table , where she be cut some french bread . lydia what 's the matter with all the bird ? she cover the cage . under the cover , the bird be still tweeting madly . lydia stare at the cover cage for a moment , and then sign heavily . lydia hurry up with the rest , Mitch . I be sure miss Daniels want to get on she way . as she move into the live room . cathy I think you ought to stay the night , Melanie . int . live room - close shot - lydia a sharp look at she daughter . mo . shot - cathy pour coffee into the cup set on coffee table . cathy we have get a extra room upstairs and everything . mitch ( come in with two plate ) that road can be a bad one at night , Melanie . ( he pick up coffee cup , hand it to Melanie ) they be now all eat with plate on they knee - buffet style . melanie if I go across to Santa Rosa I will come onto the freeway much earlier . lydia ( pick up a cup ) yeah , and the freeway 's well - light , be not it , Mitch ? mitch yeah , but she will be hit all that traffic go back to San Francisco . cathy do you put the cover on that cage , Mom ? lydia yes , I do . cathy just listen to they ! mitch ( to Melanie ) some cream ? melanie I will get it . she reach over for the cream pitcher . her eye be catch by something in the fireplace . close shot - melanie look curiously . close shot - the fireplace a single swift be sit on the hearth . close shot - melanie turn to Mitch . melanie Mitch ... close shot - the fireplace as dozen of swift begin pour from the open . close shot - melanie frighten now . melanie ( shouting it ) Mitch ! close shot - the fireplace hundred of bird pour into the room . full shot - lydia shriek in terror , drop she coffee cup . full shot - the room full of bird , swoop , diving . Mitch run to the door , throw it open . mitch ( to the other ) get outside ! run ! ( he turn toward lydia ) close shot - lydia in terror , surround by bird . mitch ( o.s. ) mother ! mo . shot - mitch wrenching the cloth from the coffee table , cup , coffee pot , sugar bowl , creamer fall to the floor as he swing the cloth at the bird . close shot - cathy cover she face . mo . shot - melanie reach for small fireplace broom . close shot - lydia shriek as the bird dive at she face . close shot - mitch realize it 's impossible to run . they must stay and fight . mitch ( shouting ) Cathy , get some match ! mo . shot - cathy run for the kitchen . bird swoop after she . mo . shot - melanie swinging the fireplace broom . mo . shot - mitch rush to the fireplace . he be almost knock over by bird come out of the open . he stuff paper under the log already in place there . close shot - lydia she let out a horrify scream . there be bird flutter in she hair , catch there . close shot - melanie swinging the broom , cover with bird . mo . shot - a picture on the wall ( a enlargement of a photograph of Cathy , smile . ) as a bird flutter against it . mo . shot - cathy run into the room , cover she face with bent arm , rush to Mitch with the box of match . mo . shot - mitch take the match . he light one . a bird hit he arm . he drop the match . he light another one . close shot - the match fall onto the paper in the fireplace . it flicker for a moment , then catch . bird be still pour out , past the paper beginning to catch . close shot - another window pane as a bird crash through it . mo . shot - mitch rush to lydia , swinging the cloth at she head . she be hysterics now , babbling . the shriek of the bird be a wild cacophony . close shot - the FIRE blaze . mo . shot - a bird swoop out of the fireplace , its wing aflame . full shot - the room less bird in the air now , the single flame bird fly toward the drape . mo . shot - the drape as the flame bird land on they . close shot - the drape catch fire . mo . shot - melanie swinging the broom wildly . melanie Mitch ! the curtain ! close shot - mitch turn , see , he eye open wide . mo . shot - mitch rip at the flame curtain . he throw it to the floor , begin stamp on it . close shot - cathy cathy it 's work ! the fire 's work ! close shot - the fireplace only the blaze fire . no more bird enter . mo . shot - the window bird burst through the pane , leave . mo . shot - melanie as she beat away another bird . close shot - one of the broken window the bird leave en masse now . full shot - the room a shamble . window break , furniture knock over , picture askew , the floor cover with bird and break glass . in a corner of the room , lydia crouch with she hand cover she face , sobbing . the burnt curtain be still smolder . Mitch be cover with soot . Melanie put down the broom wearily . the attack be over . dissolve int . BRENNER live room - close shot - a hand reach down to pick up a dead bird . mo . shot - al malone , the deputy a plain man with a limited intelligence , use to give out speed ticket or warning drunk . he hold the bird on the palm of he hand , look at it steadily , nodd all the while . malone that 's a chimney swift , all right . close shot - mitch mitch we know what it be , Al . full shot - the room lydia be huddle in one of the easy chair , still in shock . malone well , this bird live in chimney , you know . mitch not by the thousand . malone no , I gotta admit this be peculiar . ( pause ) do you have a light burn or something . mitch yes , but the curtain be draw . malone ' Cause sometimes bird be attract by light , you know . ( pause ) sure be a peculiar thing . mitch what be we go to do about it , Al ? malone I do not think I get you , Mitch . do about what ? mitch well ... ( he feel a little foolish ) well ... this bird attack we . close shot - malone slight disbelief on he face . malone what 's more likely , they get in the room and be just panicked , that 's all . close shot - mitch mitch ( still a little hesitant ) all right , I will grant you a bird will panic in a enclose room . but , they do not just get in . they come in ! right down that chimney . two shot - mitch and malone malone ( try to make sense of this ) my wife find a bird in the back seat of she car once . malone ( shrug ) do not know how he get in there . have a break leg , turn out . just flutter all around there . ( he shrug again ) mitch this bird be ... malone what I be try to say , Mitch , be this thing happen sometimes , you know ? ai not much we can do about it . ( he shrug ) lydia tell he about the party . mitch that 's right . we have a party here this afternoon for Cathy . her birthday . malone oh , yeah , yeah . ( he grin ) how old be she now ? mitch eleven . in the middle of the party , some gull come down at the child . and miss Daniels be attack by a gull just yesterday after ... close shot - malone consider this . malone yeah . ( think ) be the kid bother they or something ? ' Cause sometimes they will do that , you know . if you make any kind of disturbance near they , they will just come after you . I see that plenty of time myself . two shot - malone and lydia lydia the child be play a game , Al . that gull attack without ... malone now , lydia , ' attack ' be a pretty strong word , do not you think ? I mean , bird just do not go around attack people without no reason , you know what I mean ? the kid just probably scared they , that 's all . lydia this bird attack ! malone ( nodd ) well , what would you like I to do , lydia ? put out a pick up and hold on any suspicious bird in the area ? ( he smile ) now , that would be pretty silly , would not it ? close shot - mitch mitch do this room look silly ? two shot - mitch and malone malone no , you get quite a mess here , I will admit that . ( pause ) maybe you oughta put some screen on top of you chimney ( pause ) seem a little pointless , though . freak accident like this would not happen again in a million year . ( pause ) you want some help clean up ? close shot - mitch exasperate . mitch I can handle it myself . close shot - lydia give a small moan . close shot - melanie melanie I will take Cathy up to bed . close shot - mitch mitch be you stay ? close shot - melanie melanie I think I should , do not you ? close shot - lydia observe , make no comment . mo . shot - melanie put she arm around Cathy 's shoulder . melanie I will get my thing from the car . do you want to walk with I , Cathy ? two shot - mitch and malone as Cathy and Melanie go out . malone well , if there 's anything else I can do , Mitch ... mitch thanks , Al . we will be all right . malone goodnight , lydia . no answer . malone sure be peculiar , I get to say that for it . he exit . full shot - the room it be silent . Mitch look across at lydia who sit as still as a stone in she chair . the door close gently on a note of utter helplessness . fade out fade in int . bedroom in BRENNER house - mo . shot - melanie Melanie have just get out of bed . she be wear the rather unsophisticate nightdress she bring at the store . her hair be loose . she wear no makeup . she be bent over a lavatory which have be install in the bedroom . she be busily brush she tooth . her head half turn as she hear voice . lydia' voice Mitch ! Mitch ! Mitch , I be go to drop Cathy off now . mitch voice okay . lydia' voice I will probably drive over to the fawcett farm . do you need anything in town ? mitch voice no . Melanie finish brush she tooth . she go to the window and look out . outside , we hear the SOUND of the pickup truck start . full shot - the yard below - melanie' p.o.v. as Cathy , carry she schoolbook , run to the pickup truck and climb in . the truck move out of the yard and down the road . it turn the bend , and move out of sight . mo . shot - melanie turn from the window . she go to the bedroom door , camera following . she open the door . melanie Mitch ? there be no answer . melanie Mitch ? full shot - melanie come down the step from the attic room . the house be empty . the camera follows she into the dining room , where she stop at the cage of lovebird , bend down to they with a smile on she face . close shot - melanie and the bird she smile and poke she finger into the cage . the bird tweet at she . melanie ( imitate they ) chee - chee - chee -chee -chee . full shot - melanie leave the cage . she walk to the sideboard upon which be a electric coffee percolator which be plugge into the wall . she feel it with she hand . it be hot . she pour a cup , then peer out of the side window . long shot - melanie' p.o.v. Mitch on the shore , work with a rake in he hand . a thin column of smoke be climb the sky . mo . shot - melanie carry the cup of coffee . she set it down for a moment to put on she fur coat , which be hang on the hall stand . she pick up the cup again , walk to the front door and exit . full shot - melanie come out of the house and into the garden , carry the cup of coffee . it be a beautiful day . she sip at she coffee and then breathes deeply of the air . close shot - her face fresh , rest . there be a contentment in she which we have not see before . she look off toward the shore . long shot - mitch on the shore , work with the rake . the thin column of smoke be climb the sky . mo . shot - melanie she turn she attention away from Mitch , and walk to the end of the garden toward the shore . a wind be blow off the water , move white puff of cloud swiftly across the sky , whipping the full short shirt of muumuu about she leg as she walk . she stand there silhouett against the sky for a moment . slow pan as Melanie scan the horizon . there be not a bird anywhere in sight . the day be still and clear , but somehow ominous in its silence . her gaze come to rest on Mitch and the thin column of smoke again . in the distance , Mitch see she and raise he arm in greeting . she wave back at he . he put the rake down and begin walk toward the house . close shot - melanie there be anticipation on she face now . she watch Mitch come toward she , she eye glow . full shot - mitch closer to the house now . close shot - melanie wait , anticipate . mo . shot - mitch he stop , look at she , and then turn toward the house . close shot - melanie as first surprised , and then puzzle . the back screen door clatter shut off screen . a small hurt look cross she face . full shot - melanie as she turn away from the house and begin walk in the garden , sip idly at she coffee . a screen door clatter again . she turn . Mitch be come out of the house , from the front door , wear a different shirt , buttone it as he walk to she . two shot - melanie and mitch mitch I want to change my shirt . Melanie be uncomprehend . mitch it smell of the fire . melanie ( nodd ) it 's hard to believe anything at all happen yesterday , be not it ? it 's so beautiful and still now . ( pause ; then sagely ) I think I have get it all figure out , by the way . mitch really ? tell I about it . melanie ( secretively ) it 's a uprising . mitch of bird ? melanie certainly , of bird . Mitch grin . melanie it all start several month ago with a peasant sparrow up in the hill , a malcontent . he go around tell all the other sparrow that human being be not fit to rule this planet , preaching wherever anyone would listen ... mitch grow a beard ... melanie ( delighted ) yes , of course , he have to have a beard ! ' bird of the world , unite ! ' he keep say , over and over ... mitch so they united . melanie not at first . oh yes , a few sparrow out for kick ... mitch well , they will go along with anything . melanie sure . but eventually , even the more serious - minded bird begin to listen . " why should human rule ? " they ask themselves . mitch hear ! melanie why should we submit ourselves to they domination ? mitch hear , hear ! melanie and all the while , that sparrow be get in he little message . bird of the world , unite ! mitch take wing ! melanie you have nothing to lose but you feather . they both burst out laugh , then fall into silence , then laugh again and finally be silent . the garden be deathly still . mitch ( attempt to be serious ) what it be , probably ... melanie mmm ? mitch they be probably hungry , that 's all . this be a bad summer . they eat berry and ... and nut , you know , and the hill be all burn out , so they be probably search for food wherever they can get it . melanie with my little sparrow lead team . she laugh , and Mitch join she , but it be hollow this time . like child who have tell themselves a too realistic horror story , they be become a little frighten . mitch it 's so damn quiet out there . melanie it be like that yesterday . mitch what do you mean ? melanie after the gull attack . mitch I have not think of that . ( pause ) and then the swift come . melanie it make you feel as if they be ... they be wait or ... rest ... or .... mitch ( try to make it light again ) no , they be have a meeting , Melanie . you sparrow be stand on a soap box and ... close shot - melanie she face dead serious . close shot - mitch mitch ... wave he little wing ... his voice trail . his face become serious , too . again , the garden be silent . close shot - melanie she face set and grim , she eye serious , she word come slowly and with the chill of horror on they . melanie they be angry , Mitch . they come out of the chimney in fury . ( pause ) I have the feel they want each and every one of we dead . two shot - melanie and mitch he take she in he arm suddenly , to comfort she . she go to he longingly . mitch Melanie , Melanie ... melanie I be frighten , Mitch . mitch no , no ... melanie I be frighten and confuse and I ... I think I want to go back to San Francisco where there be building and ... and concrete and ... mitch Melanie ... melanie ... everything I know . she look up at he suddenly . close shot - melanie melanie oh damn it , why do you have to walk into that shop ? they kiss suddenly and fiercely . on they kiss , dissolve ext . fawcett farm - full shot - the red pickup truck lydia at the wheel , pull into the fawcett farm , the name of the farm clearly visible on a paint arch over the gate . lydia get out of the truck and walk to the front door . she knock . there be no answer . mo . shot - lydia lydia Dan ? she come down off the step , the camera following , back a little away from the house . lydia Dan ? there be no answer . she shade she eye and look out over the field . long shot - farmhand on tractor full shot - the barnyard as lydia cross to a fence and cup she hand to she mouth . lydia ( shouting ) hi , there ! long shot - the farmhand he stop the tractor , turn toward lydia , shading he eye . close shot - lydia lydia ( shouting ) be Mr. fawcett home ? long shot - the farmhand farmhand ( shouting back ) I think so , mar be . his missus be in Santa Cruz , but he ought to be here . close shot - lydia lydia have you see he this morning ? long shot - the farmhand farmhand no , mar be . I reckon he 's in there , though . mo . shot - lydia lydia ( shouting it ) thank you ! full shot - lydia as she cross the barnyard again . there be several chicken scurrying about . she walk closer to they , see a open bag of feed lie against the fence . close shot - lydia get a idea . mo . shot - lydia reach into the bag of feed . she scatter some on the ground . lydia here , chick , chick , chick , chick . here , chick , chick , chick , chick . close shot - a chicken he strut up to the scattered grain . close shot - lydia watch he . close shot - the chicken he seem to be examine the feed . then he turn away from it and strut off . close shot - lydia a small knowledgeable nod of she head . the chicken 's reaction strengthen she determination to talk to fawcett . she turn . full shot - lydia approach the front door again . she knock . no answer . lydia Dan ? she back away from the house again . the barnyard be silent . in the distance , we can hear the SOUND of the tractor . lydia Dan ? be you home ? no answer . close shot - lydia a little annoyed . she glance at the ground floor window close to the door . close shot - the window a small pane of glass be break . close shot - lydia puzzle . full shot - lydia go to the front door , try the knob . mo . shot - lydia the door open ahead of she as she poke she head into the house . lydia Dan ? the house be still and silent . int . the entry hall - full shot as lydia come in . we can see the live room off to the right , but it look normal and untouched . lydia turn to she leave and look down a long corridor . full shot - the corridor - lydia be p.o.v. a door at the end of it be partially ajar , spilling artificial light into the corridor . lydia Dan ? no answer . close shot - lydia a little troubled . she seem decide whether or not she should leave . a determine look come over she face . full shot - the corridor - lydia be p.o.v. as she walk down it slowly toward the open door at the opposite end . outside the door , she pause . lydia Dan ? be you in there ? no answer . lydia put out she hand , slowly begin show the door open . close shot - lydia come into the room . her eye begin to take in the room . slow pan of the room - lydia be p.o.v. start to the right of the doorway as she enter and continue a little below eye level , the camera pick out : a stand floor lamp , the shade dangle , but the light still burn ; a picture hang askew on the wall , its glass shattered ; the window to the leave of the picture , every pane of glass shattered ; a dresser with two stuff bird on its top ; both bird have be badly damage , the stuff rip out of they , the head of one hang at a crooked near decapitate angle ; the window to the leave of the dresser , all the pane shattered . the level of the camera descend , and begin a slow pan of the floor . it pick out break glass , continue its pan to show scattered feather , continue its pan to show a broom , feather catch in the straw , a single bedroom slipper , continue to show a pair of leg in pajamas , one foot bare , the other slipper , and then immediately cut to : close shot - dan fawcett his face . cover with blood , the eye miss from they empty stare socket . immediately CUT to : close shot - lydia a terrify scream erupting from she mouth . full shot - lydia turn and run for the door . the camera follows she in a unbroken headlong flight , the scream continue as if she be incapable of stop it , as she stumble , run , trip she way down the corridor and burst out of the house , still scream , into the pickup truck . the engine start , she back the truck out at breakneck speed and hit the highway , camera following . close shot - lydia at the wheel , she face stamp with terror , she eye wide . full shot - the truck at breakneck speed , negotiate the severe curve on the highway . it almost hit a small car come from the opposite direction , swerve , screech around the curve . close shot - lydia behind the wheel , unmindful of anything but flight . full shot - the road - lydia' Pov through the windshield , blur past . she turn the bend lead to the house . for a instant , through the windshield , there be a quick glimpse of Melanie and Mitch in embrace in the garden . then the tire shriek , and the truck turn and barrel into the front yard . full shot - mitch alarmed as he run out of the garden and toward the truck just as it jerk to a stop . mo . shot - mitch through the truck as he pull open the door opposite lydia . mitch ( alarmed ) what be it ? close shot - mitch as he see he mother . close shot - lydia slump on the wheel of the car , she head on she arm , sobbing . on she sob ... dissolve int . BRENNER kitchen - mo . shot - melanie at the kitchen stove , take a kettle of tea from the burner . she pour it into a cup , put the cup on a tray already set with sugar and creamer . she look up as Mitch come into the kitchen . two shot - melanie and mitch mitch that be Al on the phone . he want I to meet he out at the fawcett place . say some detective from Santa Rosa will be there in a little while . ( pause ) will you be all right here ? melanie yes . I be just take she in some tea . he go to she , put he arm around she from behind , kiss she hair . but she turn in he arm suddenly and cling to he fiercely , and then bury she head in he shoulder . melanie be careful . please . she walk he to the door . at the door , they kiss -- a long , full kiss . full shot -- the kitchen as Mitch go out . Melanie look after he for a moment , and then pick up the tray . outside , we hear the SOUND of he car start . the camera follows Melanie out of the kitchen , through the dining room , and to one of the bedroom door on the other side of the house . gently , she knock . lydia ( o.s. ) Mitch ? full shot - the bedroom this be lydia 's room , and cluttere with the memento of a life no longer valid . there be photograph of she dead husband , souvenir of trip take together , bric -a- brac of Mitch 's childhood . under it all , there be a distinct femininity . she sit up in bed as Melanie enter , bear the tray . melanie no , it 's I , Mrs. brenner . I think you might like some tea . two shot - lydia and melanie lydia oh , thank you . there be a long silence as Melanie put the tray on the bed , arrange the pillow behind lydia . lydia where 's Mitch ? melanie Al malone want he out at the fawcett farm . lydia why ? do not Al believe my story ? melanie he be call from the farm , Mrs. brenner . lydia then he see . melanie he must have . he send for the Santa Rosa police . lydia what good will they do ? she sip at the tea . there be a long awkward pause . Melanie walk to the window and look out over the bay . lydia do you think Cathy 's all right ? melanie what ? lydia Cathy . at the school . close shot - melanie at the window , she face turn away from lydia . her expression clearly show that she do not know whether Cathy be all right . but when she turn to lydia , there be a comforting smile on she face , and she voice be soothing . melanie yes , I be sure she 's fine . two shot - melanie and lydia lydia do I sound foolish to you ? melanie no . lydia I keep see Dan fawcett 's face . ( she shudder ) they have such big window at the school . ( pause ) all the window be break . in Dan 's bedroom . all the window . melanie try not to think of that , Mrs. brenner . lydia I wish I be a stronger person . there be a long awkward silence . she sip at she tea reflectively . lydia I lose my husband four year ago , you know . ( pause ) it 's odd how you depend on someone for strength , and then suddenly all the strength be go , and you be alone . ( pause ) I would love to relax some time . I would love to be able to sleep . ( pause ; the worried look again ) do you think Cathy 's all right ? melanie Annie 's there . she will be all right . lydia I be not this way , you know . not usually . I do not fuss and fret over my child . ( pause ) when Frank die ... ( pause ) you see , he know the child , he really know they . he have the knack of be able to enter into they world , of become a part of they . that 's a rare talent . melanie yes . lydia I wish I could be that way . there be another silence . a curious thing be happen in this room . lydia , for perhaps the first time since she husband 's death , be discuss it with another person . curiously , the person be Melanie . lydia ( honestly and simply ) I miss he . ( pause ) you know , sometimes I wake up in the morning , and I think ' I have to make Frank 's breakfast , ' and I ... I get up and there 's a ... a very good reason for get out of bed until ... until , of course , I remember . ( pause ) I miss talk to he . ( pause ) Cathy 's a child , you know , and Mitch ... ( she shrug a little sadly ) ... Mitch have he own life . ( pause ) I be glad he stay here today . I feel safer with he here . ( she sigh deeply ) melanie would you like to rest now , Mrs. brenner . lydia no. no ... do not go yet . ( pause ) I feel as if I ... I do not understand you . and I want so much to understand . melanie why , Mrs. brenner ? lydia because my son be ... ( pause ) my son seem to be fond of you . ( pause ) and I ... ( pause ) I be not quite sure how I feel about it . I really do not know if I ... like you or not . melanie be that so important , Mrs. brenner ? you like I ? lydia yes , I think so . my son be important to I . I want to like any girl he choose . melanie and if you do not ? lydia ( with a faint smile ) then I do not suppose it will matter much to anyone but I . melanie I think it might also matter to Mitch . lydia ( shaking she head ) Mitch have always do exactly what he want to do . ( pause ) I be not complain . that 's the mark of a man . but ... ( pause ) you see , I ... I would not want to be ... be leave alone . I do not think I could bear be leave alone . I ... forgive I . this business with the bird have I upset . I ... I do not know what I would do if Mitch be not here . melanie ( go to the bed ; adjust the pillow ) why do not you try to sleep now , Mrs. brenner . lydia ( sighing ) I wish I be stronger . ( she pause and look toward the window . ) do you think she 's all right ? do you think she 's safe at the school ? melanie would you like I to go for she ? lydia I could not ask you to . melanie I do not mind , really . lydia would you ? I would feel so much better . melanie I will just clear up here , and then dress . she pick up the tray and start for the door . lydia Melanie ? at the door , Melanie turn . close shot - lydia she face soft . lydia ( gently ) thank you for the tea . dissolve ext . bodega BAY - day - long shot Melanie 's car turn and go up School Road . ext . school - day - mo . shot closer shot of the car come to a stop outside school . Inside the school , we hear the child singing . child ( o.s. ) I marry my wife in the month of June . ristle - tee , rostle - tee , mo , mo mo ! mo . shot - melanie smile as she get out of the car and head for the school . child ( o.s. ) I carry she off in a silver spoon . ristle - tee , rostle - tee , hey bombosity , knickety - knackety , retro-retroquo - quality , willoby - wallaby , quo - mo , mo , mo ! uality , willoby - wallaby , quo - mo , mo , mo ! the camera follows Melanie into the school and down the corridor . the child 's voice be louder now . child ( o.s. ) she comb she hair but once a year . ristle - tee , rostle - tee , Mo , mo , mo ! with every rake , she shed a tear . ristle - tee , rostle - tee , hey bombosity , knickety - knackety , retro-quo-quality , willoby - wallaby , Mo , mo , mo ! Melanie be at the door to Annie 's room now . she open the door and look in . full shot - annie - melanie' p.o.v. lead the child in song . she catch sight of Melanie at the door . Melanie wiggle she finger . Annie point to she wristwatch indicate that she will be finish in a few minute and motion for she to wait in the play - yard outside . Melanie turn and start down the corridor again . ext . school - mo . panning shot Melanie emerge and stroll up street toward Annie 's house . Inside the child be still sing . child ( o.s. ) she sweep the floor but once a year . ristle - tee , rostle - tee , mo , mo , mo ! she swore she broom be much too dear . ristle - tee , rostle - tee , hey bombosity , knickety - knackety , retro - quo-quality , willoby - wallaby , mo , mo , mo ! close shot Melanie turn back and seat herself on seat in front of play yard . child ( o.s. ) she churn the butter in dad 's old boot . ristle - tee , rostle - tee , mo , mo , mo ! and for a dasher she use she foot . ristle - tee , rostle - tee , hey bombosity , knickety - knackety , retro-quo-quality , willoby - wallaby , mo , mo , mo ! close up - melanie a side profile of Melanie as she sit . size of shot have seat on bottom of screen . we be shoot three - quarter toward the school . child ( o.s. ) the butter come out a grizzle - y - ygrey . ristle - tee , rostle - tee , grey . Mo , mo , mo ! the cheese take leg and run away ! ristle - tee , rostle - tee , hey bombosity , knickety - knackety , retro-quo-quality , willoby - wallaby , mo , mo , mo ! mo . shot - play yard Three - quarter angle on play yard behind Melanie . a crow alight on the jungle Jim . child ( o.s. ) I bring my wife a horse one day . ristle - tee , rostle - tee , mo , mo , mo ! she let the critter get away . ristle - tee , rostle - tee , hey bombosity , knickety - knackety , retro-quo-quality , willoby - wallaby , mo , mo , mo ! closer shot - melanie a nearer cut of Melanie same angle as previous . waist shot . mo . shot - play yard again four more crow arrive . close shot - melanie nearer shot of Melanie smoking . same angle . just above waist - bust shot . mo . shot - play yard again five more crow arrive . close up - melanie head and shoulder of Melanie as she sit smoking . there be no sound except for the faint voice of the child sing inside the schoolhouse . Melanie be puffing away at she cigarette and occasionally glance in the direction of the school . we hold on this shot of Melanie for a very long time so that we be able to express she ignorance of what be go on behind she with the crow . after a wait of about what seem to be a half a minute or more , Melanie 's attention be draw to something above she . mo . shot - sky a crow be come down . close up - melanie as she eye follow the flight of the crow . mo . shot - sky crow move down and left to right , the sky and Annie 's roof in the background . close up - melanie her head have twisted around to follow the flight of the crow . she be almost look into the play yard . mo . shot - play yard a crow slowly descend to the play yard and as the camera follows it down , we see for the first time that the number of crow have increase to a alarming number - almost 200 or even perhaps 250 . this last crow settles down with the other . child ( o.s. ) ( throughout precede ) I ask my wife to wash the floor . ristle - tee , rostle - tee , mo , mo , mo ! she give I my hat and show I the door ! ristle - tee , rostle - tee , hey bombosity , knickety - knackety , retro-quo-quality , ( the song slow -- it be near the end ) willoby - wallaby , mmmmmmmo , mmmmmmmoo , Mo ! close shot - melanie the camera whip up as she leap to she foot in alarm . her body have turn , but we be now face the opposite side of the school yard . closer shot - play yard the play yard be full of crow . close shot - melanie Big head of horrify Melanie . mo . shot - play yard a closer view of the menace bird . close shot - melanie Big profile of Melanie . she turn with back to camera and go toward school look at crow as she go away . the camera follows she for a few pace and then stop so that she image become smaller as she go up step into ext . play yard - dolly shot a side view of the crow as see by Melanie . full shot - the interior corridor Melanie in headlong flight toward Annie 's room . annie ( o.s. ) all right , child . now please put you book in you desk , and bring the songsheet to the front of the room . no one 's go out to play until I have all the songsheet . full shot - the room Annie be lining the child up near the door lead to the play yard . annie we be not go outside until we quiet down . Ralph ? do you hear I ? the child mutter for a moment , and then be still . annie all right now . she begin open the play yard door . suddenly , the door from the corridor burst open , and Melanie rush wildly into the room . she go directly to Annie , shove she out of the way , and slam shut the play yard door . close shot - annie annie wh ...? two shot - annie and melanie against a background of child 's voice , as they react to this new excitement . melanie outside . long shot - the crow - through the window two shot - annie and melanie melanie we have get to get the child out of here . this big window ... there 's no way to board they up . Annie give a quick nod , understanding immediately . full shot - the room through the window , we can see the wait crow . one move restlessly into flight , then settles on the equipment again . annie quiet down , child ! quiet down ! the child modulate into silence . annie miss Daniels want to see how we conduct ourselves during a fire drill . I would like you to ... child ( grumble in unison ) a fire drill ? this be we play period , miss hayworth ! gee whiz ! etc . annie I would like you to show she how quiet and obedient you can be . the child again fall silent . annie we be go to go out of the school now . that of you who live nearby can go directly home . I want the rest of you to go down the hill , all the way to the hotel . do you understand ? child all the way down the hill ? gee , miss hayworth , we never ... Home ? why do we ...? annie ( shushing they ) I want you to go as quietly as you can , not a sound , until I tell you to run . and then I want you to run as fast as you can . do everyone understand ? ( pause - silence ) all right . John , would you lead the class , please ? the child walk two - by- two to the corridor door . John open it , and they begin filing out . Melanie turn to look at the play yard . close shot - a single crow flutter at the window , almost in exploration . he hang there for a moment , then wing back to the playground equipment . close shot - melanie melanie ( whisper ) hurry ! ext . play yard - full shot ( 6 ) straight on of all the crow . nearer shot - play yard ( 8 ) but a different angle . closer shot - play yard ( 10 ) but a different angle from the other close shot - ( 12 ) a low angle of five or six crow fill the screen . ext . play yard the screen be fill with crow . about fifty or more . all of a sudden we hear the distant patter of child 's foot as they start run . immediately the crow rise and the camera pan up with they into the sky . ext . school road - long shot - ( plate ) ( 15 ) the full shot show the child run toward the camera - Annie herding they at the rear . the crow - about two hundred - rise over the schoolhouse roof and descend toward and reach the run child . shot as a move background with six or seven child in front on a treadmill with the mechanical bird come into top of screen as though continue on from the plate . the bird swing around and among the foreground child . ext . school road ( 4 ) ( S ) a side view of run child with Melanie in front urging they forward . bird fly between they , two or three other wheel around , one live one sweep by in foreground . ext . school road ( 3 ) ( p ) Three or four child run . bird overhead - one or two child spread out as other come in from side and take they place . bird swerve in and out . ext . school road ( 2 ) ( S ) profile of run child . Bird catch up and bite . ext . school road ( 3 ) ( S ) a nearer side on view without Melanie . bird wheeling in and out - other overhead . ext . school road ( 1 ) ( p ) Bird on top of girl 's head ( show foot and wing ) . ext . school road ( 2 ) ( S ) a three - quarter back of two child run - lot of bird overhead and other wheeling . screen almost full of bird . ext . school road ( 1 ) ( p ) one-half child 's face - a bird 's head and beak on leave , dash round to the child . ext . school road - close up ( L ) of foot run . ext . school road - high moving shot ( 6 ) ( L ) show the crow among the run child . ext . school road ( 1 ) ( p ) Big head of girl - bird land on she right shoulder - wing over she face . ext . school road ( 1 ) ( p ) one scream child as bird swoops from top leave down to lower right . ext . school road ( 2 ) ( S ) head and shoulder of boy who duck behind pole -- bird go by as another attack he from right -hand side . ext . school road ( 1 ) ( fp ) back view of boy 's head run . he look back . ext . school road (  ) ( p ) Big head of bird come at camera . ext . school road ( 1 ) ( fp ) back view of little girl run . she look over she shoulder . ext . school road (  ) ( p ) Big head of bird come into camera . ext . school road ( 3 ) ( L ) straight back close shot of Annie drag slow child . no bird in back , but several wheeling around they . ext . school road - high moving shot ( 6 ) ( L ) show the crow chase the child down the street - with the Bay in the distance . ext . school road ( 3 ) ( S ) a bird dive to head of Michele and she fall out of picture . ext . school road - close up ( 1 ) ( L ) of Michele as she hit ground . ext . school road - close up (  ) ( L ) her glass smash . ext . school road ( 2 ) ( S ) flash Cathy - she see and run back . bird swirl around . ext . school road ( 1 ) ( S ) six bird descend on fall Michele - leg run by . ext . school road ( 3 ) ( S ) Cathy rush in . she disperse bird and bend to pick up Michele . ext . school road ( 2 ) ( S ) Melanie stop , look back and see Cathy and Michele , head of other child rush by in foreground . bird swirl . Melanie dash out leave . ext . school road ( 3 ) ( S ) Melanie reach Cathy and Michele -- Michele be now on she foot . bird swirl -- Melanie look about -- see . ext . school road ( 2 ) ( L ) Station wagon across the street . bird swirl about and child run by . ext . school road ( 5 ) ( L ) Melanie drag Cathy and Michele to the station wagon . we see the Bay in the distance and child run on the bottom of the street . int . station wagon - close shot ( 8 ) ( S ) shoot inside the wagon across the front seat . the three scramble in , Cathy first , then Michele and Melanie last -- the door slam on crow swoop around . Cathy and Michele be scream with fright . int . station wagon - p.o.v . ( 3 ) ( fp ) through the windshield we see crow attack . Bay and run child in distance . int . station wagon ( 3 ) ( p ) the face of the three - bird be flutter on the rear window . int . station wagon - melanie ( 3 ) ( p ) wheel in foreground . she start to slam hand on horn ring . int . station wagon ( 2 ) ( S ) crow attack side window . int . station wagon ( 2 ) ( S ) Hand on horn ring . int . station wagon ( 2 ) ( p ) Cathy and Michele 's face huddle together . int . station wagon ( 2 ) ( p ) Melanie 's big head - she look down . int . station wagon - close up ( 1 ) ( p ) knob of wiper -- she hand come in and pull it out . int . station wagon ( 3 ) ( fp ) wiper start . crow retreat . int . station wagon ( 2 ) ( p ) the three face stare out . int . station wagon - p.o.v . ( 3 ) ( p ) through windshield . the crow be start to go away . int . station wagon ( 2 ) ( p ) Melanie look out and see : ext . school road - p.o.v . ( 6 ) ( fp ) through windshield . Annie run back with stick . she beat the last of the crow away . int . station wagon ( 6 ) ( S ) Melanie flop in exhaustion over the wheel as Annie come round to the side window and start to open the door . dissolve int . the tide - full shot it be lunchtime and there be a busy bustle to the place as deke carter officiate behind the bar and helen carter , he wife , rush back and forth between diner at the table . a drunk sit at the bar , old , grizzle , the weary wisdom of booze in he . in one of the booth sit sebastian shole in he shirt sleeve , eat a hurried lunch quickly and efficiently . a woman and two child be seat at another table , about to order . a party of noisy salesman be laugh and clowning around throughout follow at a table in the rear . the phone from behind the bar have be place on the counter , and Melanie be speak into it while deke listen . over she head , the television set be blast with its perennial western , the gun shot punctuate she conversation . melanie daddy , there be hundred of they . no , I be not hysterical , I be try to tell you this as calmly as I know how . all right , daddy . yes daddy . ( she take a deep breath ) just now . not ... fifteen minute ago . the door to the tide open and mrs . bundy , sixtyish , wear walk shoe and a tweed suit , a very masculine - look woman with short clipped white hair , come in , pass through foreground , go to bar , she attention slowly catch by what Melanie be say . melanie at the school . no , I do not . just a minute . ( to deke ) what 's the name of the school ? deke just the bodega Bay School . ( to Mrs. Bundy ) help you , Mrs. Bundy ? mrs . bundy I need some change , Mr. Carter . as deke open cash register ... melanie the bodega Bay school. ( to deke ) could you turn that down , please ? deke give Mrs. Bundy she change , turn off television . melanie I do not know how many child . thirty or forty . yes . Mrs. Bundy go to cigarette machine , pause to listen to Melanie . melanie no , the bird do not attack until the child be outside the school . crow , I think . I do not know , daddy . be there a difference between crow and blackbird ? mrs . bundy ( turn from machine ) there be very definitely a difference , miss . melanie they be different , daddy . ( to Mrs. Bundy ) thank you . ( into phone ) I think this be crow . yes , hundred of they . yes , they attack the child , attack they . ( exasperate ) daddy , a little girl be send to the hospital in Santa Rosa . well , all right , but you act as if I be ... all right , all right . ( pause ) no , I can not come home now . I just can not , daddy . how be it there ? I mean ... be there bird ? in the sky ? but no trouble . well , I hope ... ( pause ) I do not know when . I simply can not leave now . tell mother not to worry . all right , daddy , good - by . she hang up . Mrs. Bundy be at she elbow . mrs . bundy they be both perching bird , of course , but of quite different species . the crow be brachyrhynchos . the blackbird be cyanocephalus . melanie thank you . ( to deke ) do you know Dan fawcett 's number ? deke in the book right here , miss . as Melanie look it up ... deke ( to Mrs. Bundy ) I do not see what difference it make , Mrs. Bundy , crow or blackbird . if they attack the school , that 's pretty serious . mrs . bundy ( with a superior smile ) I hardly think either species would have the intelligence to launch a mass attack . they brain pan be not large enough for such ... melanie ( dial ) I just come from the school , madam . I do not know about they brain pan but ... mrs . bundy bird be not aggressive creature , miss . they bring beauty to the world . it be mankind , rather , who ... helen ( go to door lead to kitchen ) Three Southern fry chicken , Sam . bake potato on all of they . laughter from salesman at table . melanie ( into phone ) hello , may I speak to Mitch brenner , please ? ( pause ) yes , I will wait . mrs . bundy ( continue to deke ) ... insist on make it difficult for life to survive on this planet . if it be not for bird ... deke Mrs. Bundy , you do not seem to understand . this young lady say there be a attack on the school . mrs . bundy impossible . melanie ( in background ) Mitch ? I be glad I catch you . something terrible have happen . her background conversation continue through follow : drunk ( suddenly ) it 's the end of the world ! helen what 's this about the school ? deke bunch of crow attack the school , helen . drunk it 's the end of the world . ( suddenly quote ) " thus saith the Lord God to the mountain , and to the hill , to the river and to the valley ; behold , I , even I , will bring a sword upon you , and I will destroy you high place . helen the Lord 's not destroy anything , Jason . drunk " in all you dwelling place , the city shall be laid waste , and the high place shall be laid waste ! " ( he nod ) ezekiel , chapter six . helen ( quote ) " woe unto they that rise up early in the morning that they may follow strong drink . " drunk ( nodd ) isaiah , chapter 5 . it 's the end of the world . melanie yes , all right , I will wait for you . good-by . ( she hang up ) mrs . bundy ( laugh ) I hardly think a few bird be go to bring about the end of the world . melanie ( turn to she ) this be not a few bird . close shot - the woman and the child wait for they lunch , listen to the conversation ; become very nervous . back to scene deke I do not even know there be many crow in bodega Bay this time of year . mrs . bundy the crow be a permanent resident throughout its range . in fact , during we Christmas Count , we record ... close shot - shole eat . shole ( suddenly , from he table ) how many gull do you count , Mrs. Bundy ? back to scene mrs . bundy which gull , Mr. shole ? there be several variety . shole the one that have be raise the devil with my fishing boat . mrs . bundy probably herring gull . they arrive in November , you know , and do not migrate North again until March or ... melanie ( leaping upon this ) have you have trouble with gull ? shole one of my boat do last week . deke ( make a connection ) this young lady get hit by a gull only Saturday . sam' voice ( from kitchen ) pick up the chicken . helen now it 's gull . a minute ago , it be crow . ( she pick up tray , shrug , go to table ) deke , I be still wait for that bloody mary ! deke come right up ! close shot - woman as helen bring food . she be beginning to get really frighten . woman could you ask they to lower they voice , please ? they be frightening the child . little girl timmy have a canary . helen that 's nice . be you timmy ? little boy my cousin be timmy . back to scene sam' voice ( leave table , come to bar ) a whole flock of gull nearby capsize one of my boat . practically tore of the skipper 's arm . helen ( come back ) you be scare the kid . keep it low . deke you be scare I , too . be you try to say all this ... ( he shake he head ) that sound impossible , sebastian . shole I be only tell you what happen to my boat . mrs . bundy the gull be after you fish , Mr. shole . really , let 's be logical about this . melanie what be the crow after at the school ? mrs . bundy what do you think they be after , miss ...? melanie Daniels . I think they be after the child . mrs . bundy for what purpose ? melanie to ... ( she hesitates ) to kill they . there be a long silence . mrs . bundy why ? another silence . melanie I do not know why . mrs . bundy I think not . bird have be on this planet since archaeopteryx , miss Daniels ; a hundred and twenty million year ago ! a traveling salesman enter , go to bar , listen . mrs . bundy do not it seem odd that they would wait all that time to start a ... a war against humanity ? melanie no one call it a war ! salesman scotch , light on the water . mrs . bundy you and Mr. shole seem to be imply as much . helen be you finish here , sebastian ? shole let I have some apple pie , helen . ( to Mrs. Bundy ) who say anything about war ? all I say be that some gull ... helen ( yell to kitchen ) one apple pie ! you want more coffee ? shole no. ... come down on one of my boat . they could have be after the fish , just as you say . salesman you captain should have shot at they . shole what ? salesman gull be scavenger , anyway . most bird be . if you ask I , we should wipe they all out . World would be better off without they . mrs . bundy ( outrage ) bird ? salesman yeah , bird . all they do be make a mess of everything . who need they ? mrs . bundy we need they . salesman not if they be start a war . mrs . bundy they be incapable of organize warfare ! melanie have you ever see a jay protect a nest ? mrs . bundy I have see jay do everything it be conceivable for jay to do . ornithology happen to be my avocation , miss Daniels . you be talk about preservation of the species , a hen protect she young . there 's a vast difference between ... melanie maybe they be all protect the species . maybe they be tired of be shot at and roast in oven and ... mrs . bundy be you discuss gamebird now ? all bird be not gamebird , you know . melanie I do not know anything about bird except that they be attack this town . salesman then fight back . get yourselves gun and wipe they off the face of the earth . mrs . bundy that would hardly be possible . deke why not , Mrs. Bundy ? mrs . bundy because there be 8,650 species of bird in the world today , Mr. Carter . it 's estimate that five billion , seven hundred and fifty million bird live in the United States alone . the five continent of the world ... salesman ( mutter ) kill they all . get rid of they . messy animal . mrs . bundy ... probably contain more than a hundred billion bird ! drunk it 's the end of the world ! deke well , we seem to have more than we share of they right now , Mrs. Bundy . maybe this young lady 's right . maybe they have all go crazy . helen here 's you pie , sebastian . you want it at the table ? shole no . here 's fine . ( he begin eat ) helen where be the bloody mary , deke ? deke come . helen ( angrily ) be we run a business here -- or a bird sanctuary ? shole ( beginning to change he mind ) actually , that gull must have be after the fish . mrs . bundy of course . shole make a lot more sense than ... well , a attack . mrs . bundy of course it do . if we believe that bird be attack , why ... why next we will believe that grasshopper and cockroach be capable of ... drunk cockroach ! urghh ! close shot - woman get more and more anxious . woman hurry , child . finish you lunch . boy be the bird gonna eat we , mommy ? shole maybe we be all get a little carry away by this . admittedly , a few bird act strangely . that 's no reason to believe ... melanie this be not a few bird ! I keep tell you that ! this be gull and swift and crow and ... mrs . bundy and what ? vulture ? hawk ? eagle ? melanie maybe ! be it impossible ? mrs . bundy yes . I have never know bird of different species to flock together . the very concept be unimaginable . ( laugh ) why if that happen , we would not have a chance . how could we possible hope to fight they ? shole we could not . you be right , Mrs. Bundy . woman ( call from table ) Excuse I , may I have a check , please ? helen ( concerned ) be everything all right , mar 'am ? woman yes , I ... I be anxious to get on the road . SAM ( come from kitchen ) what 's the matter ? something wrong out here ? deke nothing 's wrong . SAM all this shouting . mrs . bundy we be fight a war , Sam . SAM a war ? against who ? do the Russians ...? shole against bird . woman ( suddenly ) I be glad you all think this be so amusing . you have frighten my child half out of they wit . boy I be not scared , mommy . woman keep quiet . if that young lady see a attack on the school , why will not you believe she ? SAM what attack ? who attack the school ? woman bird do . crow ! and you be all sit around here debate ! what do you want they to do next ? crash through that window ? little girl ( frighten by she mother ) mommy ! woman quiet ! why do not you all get home ? lock you door and window ! ( she hysteria rise ) put on you coat , child ! ( to deke ) what 's the fastest road to San Francisco ? deke the freeway , mar 'am . woman where do I get it ? salesman I be go out that way , lady . you can follow I . woman then let 's go . now ! salesman I have not finish my drink . woman ( on edge of panic , shouting at she child ) put on you coat ! do you want to get trap here ? boy I can not find my scarf . woman look in you sleeve ! the door open . Mitch and Al malone come in . mitch Melanie ? at the far table , the salesman begin sing , rowdily . mitch ( go to she ) I get here as fast as I could . where 's Cathy ? melanie at Annie 's house . she 's all right . SAM Al , why be not you over there where the attack be ? malone because I just get back from Dan fawcett 's place , that 's why . mitch he be kill last night . by bird . malone now hold it , Mitch . you do not know that for a fact . mrs . bundy what be the fact , Mr. malone ? malone Santa Rosa police think it be a felony murder . they think a burglar break in and kill he . woman be the Santa Rosa police at you school today ? ( impatiently , to salesman ) be you come ? salesman take it easy , lady . ( through window ) there be not a bird anywhere in sight . drunk ( quote ) " look at the bird of the air : they do not sow or read , yet you heavenly father feed they . " woman I will never feed another bird as long as I live ! salesman something like this happen in Santa Cruz last year . the town be cover with seagull . woman can not you please finish you drink ? mrs . bundy that 's right , sir , I recall it . a large flock of seagull get lose in a fog and head in for the town , where all the light be . salesman they make some mess , too , smash into house and everything . ( shaking he head ) they always make a mess . we be better off without they . mrs . bundy the point be that no one seem to get upset about it . they be go the next morning , just as if nothing at all have happen . poor thing . woman I be leave ! be you come ? salesman all right , all right ! ( he downs he drink ) hope you figure this out , folk . drunk it 's the end of the world . the tide be silent for a moment . shole well , I would better get back to the cannery . what do I owe you , deke ? deke let 's see . scallop and coffee ... mitch hold it just a minute , sebastian . shole turn to he . close shot - mitch he face very serious . mitch sebastian , I be not a alarmist . shole no one ever say you be , Mitch . mitch ( flatly ) I think we be in trouble . I do not know how or why this start , but I know it 's here and I know we would be crazy to ignore it . mrs . bundy ( sarcastically ) ignore what ? the bird war ? mitch ( explode ) yes , the bird war , the bird attack , the bird plague , you can call it what you want to , they be out there mass someplace and they will be back , you can count on that ! mrs . bundy ridiculous ! mitch Mrs. Bundy , why do not you go home and polish you binocular ? SAM go on , Mitch . mitch if we do not do something now , if we do not get bodega Bay on the move ... shole look , Mitch , even if this be true , even if all the bird ... mitch do you believe it 's true , sebastian ? shole ( after a long pause ) no. I do not , Mitch . because I can not see any reason for it . mitch it 's happen . be not that a good enough reason ? shole ( thoughtfully ) I like bodega Bay as well as any man . if I think ... ( he shake he head ) mitch then help I , sebastian . you be a important man in this town . if you will help , the rest will . shole help how ? what do you want to do ? mitch I be not sure , but ... shole if you do not even know what you want to do ... melanie listen to he , please . SAM ( take position beside Melanie ) you listen to he , sebastian ! mitch I only know we have get to drive they away from town -- before they drive we away . shole how ? mitch Mrs. Bundy , you say something about Santa Cruz . about seagull get lose in the fog , and head in for the light . deke we do not have any fog this time of year , Mitch . mitch we will make we own fog . shole how do you plan to do that ? mitch with smoke . malone there 's a ordinance against burn anything in this town , unless it 's ... mitch we will use smoke pot . like the Army use . deke what good will that do ? smoke 's as bad as bird . mrs . bundy bird be not bad ! shole how can we go on live here if we blanket the town with smoke ? mitch can we go on live here otherwise ? pause . they be silent . SAM ( slowly ) it 's worth a try , sebastian . there be more silence as they all consider . and then suddenly : melanie look ! they turn toward the window . tide car park - full shot view from the side window inside the tide we see three or four gull diving down toward the highway over the roof of the tide Office . two more swoop into the foreground of the window and out to the leave . deke ( alarmed ) gull ! mitch they be back ! shole they be only the usual ... what be you ... tide town - long shot the first gull reach the gas station but miss the attendant who be in the act of fill the car . the owner be see disappear into the men' room . int . tide a quick flash of the group of face at the window of the tide Restaurant . tide town - mo . shot a nearer view of the gas station . a second gull hit the man on the back -- he fall -- hit he head on the pump and then collapse over the gasoline hose pipe , pull it out and cause it to spill . the third and fourth gull sweep by . the gas begin to flow away . mo . shot - melanie and mitch inside the tide . Mitch dash toward the door -- Melanie after he . through the glass window into the street we see people dash off to the right , in the direction of the gas station . at the door , Mitch turn . mitch ( to Melanie ) stay back in here . deke Carter come run from behind the bar to join Mitch . they both exit . Melanie dash back to she original place at the window . the camera retreating with she , we come to the window and over Melanie 's shoulder we see the man arrive to rescue the attack gas station attendant . Three or four gull be still attack and they flutter away as the man appear to beat they off . suddenly Melanie in the foreground turn in full profile to she right and look down . tide car park - mo . shot on the sloping pavement before she a stream of gasoline be flow to the right into the car park . close shot - gasoline flow down to the car park . close shot - melanie through the window . she suddenly look toward the gas station . mo . shot - the camera pan along the flow gas back to the station . closeup - melanie she turn back to the car park . from melanie' viewpoint we see the flow of gasoline trickle toward the car park below she . at this particular moment , a car have pull up , have come to a stop and a man emerge . he be in the act of lighting he dead cigar , but he attention be draw to the happening around the gas station . with this half - draw attention , he strike the match and hold it to the cigar . closeup - melanie she quickly slide the window open and yell down to the man . from melanie' viewpoint the man look about he , hold the match I he finger . as he catch sight of Melanie , the match burn he finger and he drop it . closeup - melanie her horror-stricken face . full shot - the parking area Three fast explosion in a row as the man 's car , Mitch 's car , and the one next to it go up in flame . close shot - the horrified face of melanie turning to see full shot - the gas station the line of flame run swiftly from the burn car , follow the gasoline on the ground , directly to the pump , which blow up as the man be jump away with the injure attendant . ext . tide town and car park - matte shot a very high shot show the beginning of the people of the town rush around the car park and the street across the highway , endeavor to put out the two fire . we see automobile come to a stop on highway one , and the oil smoke beginning to rise from the burn gas station and the park car . some man have manage to start a fire hose and have train it on the burn car . suddenly but slowly the foreground in the sky just below the camera begin to fill with wheeling gull . the whole picture below become obliterate by the foreground bird who now begin to swoop down on the town . ext . tide town a rake shot outside the tide Restaurant show the phone booth and motel off in the background . people be rush out from the restaurant and look up in the sky . gull begin to descend into the scene , drive the people back into the restaurant . Melanie be see in the distance call for Mitch : melanie Mitch ...! Mitch ! we see she look up to the sky . long shot - the sky the sky be full of seagull . close shot - melanie look about she frantically . she turn she face up again to see the descend gull . she be drive to take refuge in the phone booth . closeup - inside the phone booth - melanie slam the door shut . gull be now beat at the glass all around she . ext . tide town from Melanie 's viewpoint inside the booth we see the people who have be rush to put out the fire now face with cloud of bird come on they . closeup - melanie look out in terrify alarm but still search with she eye for Mitch . mo . shot - people rushing from the tide closeup - melanie in the phone booth . she turn and look swiftly in the direction of the car park . ext . tide car park some man have secure a hose and be obviously get water from the bay . they be turn the stream onto the burn car . at this time , the bird be fill the area around they . they suddenly turn the hose up into the bird . closeup - melanie her eye turn up quickly . long shot - from her viewpoint we see the stream of water swing to and from among the bird . Melanie turn back from this at the sound of a roaring car . ext . tide town - from her viewpoint we see a car zig zag down from the town in a drunken manner come toward she in the phone booth . we can see bird fly in and out of the window of the car . we can see the arm and hand of the driver try to beat they away . in the background of this scene we see the fire truck arrive . closeup - the horrified face of melanie as the car come toward she in the booth . ext . tide town at the last minute , the car swerve away from the booth . closer shot a side view of the car after practically scraping the side of the booth . we see that it 's full of bird attack the driver . as it go by , it near tilt over to inadvertently give we a view of its interior . flash closeup - melanie watch the car . ext . tide car park the car go on and smashes into the other burn car . it explode . closeup - melanie suddenly she hear the fire of a gun . she turn . tide town - long shot she see a man with a gun shoot up at bird but to no avail . one or two descend upon he . he throw the gun down and rush back into the tide Office . Melanie , with a slight turn , now see : the tide town the fire volunteer with bird descend around they drop they hose . closer shot show the hose snake wildly and jump . at one moment the water turn and come in a powerful stream hit the window of the phone booth . closeup - melanie recoil from this water attack . through the stream window she see the fire volunteer rush away for cover . to the leave we see a horse with its head cover with gull ; its palomino - color body cover with crow . it be buck and leaping and kick its van to piece . at this moment the scene be obliterate by the appearance of a man grop he way closely past the phone booth window . his face be poring with blood : he head and shoulder be cover with attack bird . he disappear from sight . Melanie , now almost in a faint , open she eye to see tide town . through the booth window she see Mitch and deke Carter , the owner of the tide , come down toward the camera and wave the bird away from they with flail arm . close shot - melanie open the booth door and start out with a cry of recognition , but she have barely step out when more gull crash around the booth cause she to go back . closeup - melanie in profile look out again toward Mitch . ext . tide town through window she see deke Carter run off in one direction while Mitch suddenly see a child at the window of the burn building adjacent to the flame and smoking gas station . Mitch dash across and go up the short staircase into the smoking building . closeup - melanie look across in horror . long shot - the burning build for a moment there be no sign of anyone about , then suddenly Mitch appear with the small child at the window . he call down . one man dash from the direction of the tide Office , another from the tide Restaurant . they both wait below the window as Mitch drop the child . flash - melanie watch this breathlessly . closer shot the moment the child have drop , Mitch suddenly look up . he slam the window as two or three bird crash into the window . they disappear into the building . closeup - melanie hold she breath . long shot - the burning build no sign of Mitch . closeup - melanie get more desperate . closeup - build no sign of Mitch . suddenly a chair fly through the window and Mitch climb out and drop to the ground . close shot - melanie open the door of the booth , yell out to he . long shot - mitch see she and start run toward the booth . high shot - mitch beat he way through the bird . he reach the booth . low shot close to the tide Restaurant entrance . we see Mitch drag Melanie from the phone booth and run with she toward the camera through the bird into the restaurant . int . the tide there must be at least twenty people all look toward the window . it be as though they be hide from a storm . the camera be high enough to see Melanie and Mitch come in , very hurriedly close the door . we see the gull wheeling outside . there be a kind of stunne silence among the people . we can hear the sound of the scream gull outside . suddenly a woman 's voice scream out : woman why be they do it ?! why be they do it ...?! some of the head of the group turn . close shot it be the woman who have the two child scream at Mrs. Bundy who be seat in a booth table stare numb and helpless . Mrs. Bundy turn and look at she and mutter some word . mrs . bundy ( [ Mrs. Bundy offer a weak explanation of why the bird could have go berserk like this . this information should be obtain from Dr. stager . ] ) close shot - melanie and mitch look across at this slight scene . they turn back and over they shoulder the gull seem to be in much less quantity . mitch ( look up ) I think they be go . Melanie follow he look . at this moment there be a loud crash of glass . they turn they head suddenly . mo . shot - from mitch and melanie' viewpoint and past the head of the other people who have also turn , we see one of the back window of the tide Restaurant have go and gull be come in . two or three of the man who be on the edge of the crowd turn and go back toward the window , beat they out . they succeed in do this . close shot - melanie and mitch they turn from the gull in the restaurant to look to the street . mitch I think it 's safe to get out now . melanie do not let 's take any chance . mitch we have get to get Cathy . they open the door and make they way out into the street , run and look about they desperately . ext . bodiga STREET there be one or two gull fly around . other be perch on roof as we see Mitch and Melanie dash along the sidewalk . ext . bodiga STREET there be still one or two gull or crow in evidence as they move along past the last street and come into the more countrify part of the town . long shot - the school yard we see they turn and dash up the road toward the school which we see in the distance . there be some bird perch on the school roof . side - on dolly shot - melanie and mitch go up the school road . he stop for a moment and look up , Melanie follow he look . sky shot - full of wheeling gull . side - on close shot - the two they move on and go past Melanie 's wait car outside the school . suddenly Melanie bring he to a halt . long shot - anniee house - from there viewpoint there be a few blackbird on it . melanie' voice look ... the crow again . close shot - the two Mitch start off . Melanie restrain he . melanie careful , Mitch . the crow may be back in the play yard . close shot - the two they advance cautiously . when they be level with the play yard , we see what they see . mo . shot the camera dolly along the play yard . it be again full of crow . close shot they walk stealthily past . close shot camera panning along the wait crow . close shot shoot over the shoulder of Melanie and Mitch , they approach Annie 's house . Melanie glance apprehensively over she shoulder toward the crow . ext . anniee house Melanie and Mitch arrive . they come to a sudden stop . long shot - anniee house a woman be crumpled lifelessly on the front step before the door . mo . shot - mitch he reach the body . he roll it over . quick close shot - annie dead . quick close shot - mitch the shock register on he face . close shot - melanie realize that Annie be dead , and wonder for a moment what Mitch 's reaction will be . mo . shot - mitch - melanie' p.o.v. he kneel silently by the body . gently , he touch Annie 's face , and then gently and illogically take off he jacket and cover she , as if he be tucking a blanket around she to keep she warm . he turn away then . mo . shot - the window with its room to let sign . Cathy be stand near the sign , with she eye peer at something outside . close shot - mitch turn to follow Cathy 's gaze . close shot - mix bird malevolent , sit on the fence , the killer . full shot - the road as in fury , Mitch pick up stone and begin hurl they at the bird . Melanie dash forward . melanie ( as the bird flutter into the air ) Mitch ! do not ! she run to he , grab he arm , struggle with he as he maniacally continue hurl stone at the bird , who be now hover flight . melanie please ! get Cathy ! let 's get out of here ! her word reach he . breathe heavily , he go into the house and come out carry Cathy , who be daze and in a state of shock . the camera pan he over to Melanie who hold Cathy to she . closer three shot as Melanie look anxiously toward the house . melanie Mitch , you can not leave she out there . he goe out of picture . Melanie watch he . over she shoulder be the white face of Cathy . we hear a dragging SOUND and then a door be close . mo . shot - melanie' p.o.v. we see Mitch emerging from the house . the body be no longer in the pathway . he come toward the camera . mo . shot he join Melanie and Cathy . the camera move ahead of the three of they as they silently make they way past the crow once more , Melanie hold Cathy close to she . they look out cautiously to the right . mo . shot camera dollying past the crow again . back to the dolly shot of the three they move forward stealthily , camera ahead of they . mo . shot another dolly shot past the crow . close shot - the three the camera be now behind they . they move away from we and go toward the wait car . mo . shot they arrive at the car . melanie you drive , Mitch . she go round the far side and get into the car . Mitch slip in behind the driver 's seat . the car turn into the camera and go down the school road . full shot - the car - interior Mitch , Cathy and Melanie face the camera , tensely . Melanie look over she shoulder . melanie ( hold she breath ) I do not think they be come . Cathy do not turn : she be stare ahead of she , she eye wide , she lip tremble . they drive in silence , and then suddenly , Cathy begin speak , almost as if to herself , as the camera come in tight on she face in shock . cathy on we way back from take Michele home ... we ... we hear the explosion and go outside to ... see what ... what it be . ( pause ) all at once the ... the bird be everywhere . all at once . she ... she push I inside and ... they cover she . ( pause ) annie. ( pause ) she push I inside . two shot - cathy and melanie as she take the child in she arm to comfort she . dissolve close shot - a lone gull fly low over the water , the camera tracking it . the bay be silent . the gull spread its wing to brake , and then sit on the water . the camera continue low over the water , go through thousand of gull sit there patiently , as if it be thread itself through a crowd , not a sound , over the gull , and then lift to show the brenner house in the distance . full shot - the BRENNER house behind the pane of glass , we can see the board Mitch nail across the window . he be on the roof now , testing the two attic dormer window . he turn to look out over the bay . long shot - the BAY cover with sit gull . in the distance , the town be still smolder . but the sky be clear of bird . mo . shot - mitch pick up he hammer , slide over the shingles to where the ladder lean against the side of the house . full shot - the house as Mitch come down the ladder and Melanie turn the corner , carry a load of driftwood and old lumber . two shot - melanie and mitch as she drop the wood outside the door and he join she . she be look out over the bay when he come to she . this be not the Melanie we see at the beginning of the picture . her hair be disarray , and she face and clothing be streak with soot . but beyond a surface physical appearance , there be a weary wisdom in she eye , and a strength to she as she stand look toward the distant smolder town . melanie the town look clear . mitch the bay do not . melanie how long have they be gather there ? mitch the past fifteen minute . ( pause ) it seem to be a pattern , do not it ? they strike and disappear , and then they start mass again . Melanie nod . they be both silent , watch the bay . melanie I keep think of Annie . ( she squeeze she eye shut ) mitch ( after a long pause ) it ... it do not look very different , do it ? a little smoke over the town , but otherwise ... melanie ( look ) even the bird sit out there . it do look very much the same , Mitch . this could be last week . mitch it may not be last week again for a long long time . they be both silent . melanie look . they be still come . Mitch nod . silence . mitch do you want to try you father again ? ( Melanie shake she head . puzzle , Mitch look at she ) melanie I try a little while ago . the phone 's dead . mitch have we still get power ? melanie yes. ( lean against he ) I be tired , Mitch . I be so very very tired . lydia ( o.s. ) Mitch ! I be get something on the radio ! int . the live room - full shot lydia be hover near the radio . Cathy be sit on a footstool . the window be board , and the light in the room be on . a tremendous amount of static be come from the radio as Mitch and Melanie join they lydia I can not get any of the local station . I think this be San Francisco . announcer ... would include formulation of a central financing committee to handle credit and to allocate responsibility for the various facet of the project . a vote on the motion be expect early tomorrow morning . two shot - melanie and mitch listen . announcer continue with the local news , police be still investigate the series of valuable jade burglary in the Chinatown area . the round - up of know criminal have not as yet produce a suspect , but commissioner Nelson say today he be certain the burglary be quote link and the work of the team of professional unquote . ( pause ) in bodega Bay early this morning , a large flock of crow attack a group of child who be leave the school during a fire drill . one little girl be seriously injure and take to the hospital in Santa Rosa , but the majority of child reach safety in the town . ( pause ) on the national scene today , the open of the new session of Congress be mark by a State of the Union address that ... mitch be that all ? announcer ( o.s. ) ... draw a stand ovation for the President . the Chief executive , in discuss we relation to Europe and the rest of the world community say : " this various element of we foreign policy lead as I have say to a single goal -- mitch ( sighing ) we be go to need more wood for the fire . we can not let it go out . announcer ( continue as drine in background ) the goal of a peaceful world of free and independent state . this be we guide for the present and we vision for the future -- a free community of nation , independent but interdependent , unite north and south , east and west , in one great family of man , outgrow and transcend the hate and fear that rend we age . we will not reach that goal today or tomorrow . we may not reach it in we lifetime . but the quest be the great adventure of we century . we sometimes chafe at the burden of we obligation , the complexity of we decision , the agony of we choice , but there be no comfort or security for we in evasion , no solution in abdication , no relief in irresponsibility . ( pause ) in assume the task of the presidency , I say that few generation , in all history , have be grant the role of be the great defender of freedom in its hour of maximum danger . this be we good fortune , and I welcome it now as I do when I first take office . ( pause ) for it be the fate of this generation -- of you in the Congress and of I as President -- to live with a struggle we do not start , in a world we do - not make . but the pressure of life be not always distribute by choice . and while no nation have ever face such a challenge , no nation have ever be ready to seize the burden and the glory of ... lydia ( pause ) do you you get the window in the attic , Mitch ? mitch I get they all , mother . lydia when do you think they will come ? mitch I do not know . lydia if there be ... larger bird , Mitch ... they will get into the house . mitch that 's a chance we have to take . lydia maybe we ought to leave . mitch not now . not while they be mass out there . lydia when ? mitch I do not know when . we will see what ... lydia where will we go ? mitch I do not know yet . I think we will be safe here . ( pause ) let 's bring that wood in . lydia what happen when we run out of wood ? Music begin to play . the music be sweet , with violin and long piano arpeggio , almost too much to bear against the tension be play in front of it . mitch I do not know . we will break up the furni ... lydia ( shouting ) you do not know , you do not know ! when will you know ? when we be all dead ? like Annie ? cathy ( shriek it , she face white ) mother ! lydia ( at Mitch ) if you father be here ... mitch ( sharply ) mother ! I be try my best ! ( shaking he head ) I be ... try ... my ... lydia ( tremble , nodd ) I be sorry , Mitch . close shot - mitch the strain show on he face . he nod briefly . mitch let 's get the wood . why do not you make we all some coffee , mother ? full shot - house as Melanie and Mitch come out and head for the pile of wood . there be a noise in the sky . startle , glance upward , they begin to run back toward the house and then stop and slowly scan the sky . full shot - enormous flock of bird fly in tight formation . two shot - melanie and mitch melanie where be they head ? mitch inland . melanie Santa Rosa ? mitch maybe . close shot - melanie watch the bird . a look of utter sadness cross she face . it be clear that she be think the bird will reach Santa Rosa , and eventually San Francisco as well . mitch ( o.s. ) ( gently ) come on . let 's get this wood in . Melanie nod . but the look of sadness stay on she face , and she eye remain on the sky . dissolve full shot - the live room lydia be pour coffee into cup . in the dining room , we can hear the chatter of the lovebird . as lydia pour the sound distract she . Cathy be sorting candle at the couch . there be evidence of preparation everywhere : flashlight , kerosene lamp , a butane burner . Mitch be at the fireplace put more wood on the fire . Melanie come into the room and dump another load . melanie that 's the last of it . lydia do you close the door ? melanie and lock it . cathy Mitch , can I bring the lovebird in here ? lydia ( snap it ) no ! cathy Mom , they be in a cage ! lydia they be bird ! close shot - mitch study he mother , realize how close she be to break . mitch ( softly ) let they stay in the other room . close shot - lydia she hand tremble as she pour the coffee . full shot - the room as they all sit and accept they coffee . the room be silent except for the crackle of the fire . Mitch rise to put more wood on the fire . in the dining room , the lovebird still be chatter wildly . they chirp be the only sound in the house . cathy Mitch ? why be they do this ? the bird . mitch ( put wood on fire ) I do not know , honey . cathy why be they try to kill people ? mitch I wish I could say . but if I could answer that , I could also tell you why people be try to kill people . the room be silent again except for the tweeting of the lovebird offscreen . and then , suddenly , the lovebird fall silent . close shot - cathy turn to look toward the other room , she face go white , she eye widen . close shot - melanie wait . close shot - lydia wait . close shot - mitch wait . full shot - the room dead silent now . each of they be sit on the edge of they chair , wait . there be the sudden SOUND of splintering glass . lydia Mitch ... mitch shhh . shhh . silence . into the silence , another pane of glass , shatter , the thud of a bird against the board . silence . more pane of glass shatter . the SOUND of bird strike the board and the outside of the house begin building , almost like muffle drumbeat . thud , thud , with a irregularity of rhythm . intersperse , like the counterpoint in a alien orchestration , be the flutter of wing . and then , like another section enter , we begin to hear the scratching and clawing at the roof . close shot - lydia look up toward the roof , the SOUND get louder . she squeeze she eye shut . two shot - cathy and melanie as the child cuddle up into she arm . over the other sound , there come a new SOUND , the unmistakable rat-tat- tat - tattat of a woodpecker . it stop . it begin again . rat-tat - tat tattat - tat . tat - cathy ( in terror ) I be ... I be sick , Melanie . I want .. I want to throw ... her face pale , she rise suddenly and start for the bathroom . melanie I will go with you . they leave the room . Mitch and lydia sit in silence . we hear Cathy retching offscreen , almost drown out by the shuffle of wing and the rasp of claw , the incessant thudding of bird strike the house . full shot - the room Mitch rise and put more wood on the fire . the SOUND of the bird be still everywhere around the house . he look at he watch . he rise , walk into the kitchen to check the back door . it seem all right . the camera follows he into the dining room . he stop at the cage with the lovebird . close shot - the lovebird watch he . be there menace or innocence in they eye ? he can not tell . close shot - mitch look at the lovebird in puzzlement . there be suddenly a new SOUND offscreen , the splintering of wood , the tear sound of bigger beak . alarm , he turn . mo . shot - mitch come into the entry hall . close shot - the front door the wood be beginning to splinter as the bigger bird outside assail the door . full shot - mitch turn quickly , the camera following he into the dining room . he pull the cloth off the table , begin move it toward the door . in the entry , he lift the table on end and pile it against the door . he go into the kitchen again , camera following . he upend the enamel - top table , drag it to the back door . he be pile chair against the table when Melanie come in . she look at what he be do with alarm . Mitch look in the direction of where he mother be and then back to Melanie , with a expression almost of desperation . both turn back to the barricade door . the clawing and the pecking fill the void . the noise be a din now , insidious and increasingly more frightening . melanie when will they stop ? mitch I think they would have stop by now . melanie what time be it ? mitch almost two a.m. melanie you must be exhaust . mitch how about you ? she shake she head . they both move into the dining room , the camera following they . the lovebird be sit in they cage , close together , silent . Mitch pick up a chair , ready to carry it to the front door . he hesitates , put down the chair , go to the cage . close shot - mitch look at the bird , wonder . close shot - the bird look back at he . again , it be impossible to read they expression . malice or benevolence ? mo . shot - mitch he raise he hand , bring it toward the bar of the cage . close shot - the bird watch , unmove . close shot - mitch finger as he thrust it through the bar . the bird sit unmove . one of they tweet . two shot - melanie and mitch mitch I wonder if Cathy feed they . he turn away from she , go to the cupboard , open the door , take out a small box of bird feed . close shot - the cage as he hand approach the door . the bird be watch he . his hand hesitates . then he thumb and forefinger lift the small catch on the cage door . his finger open the door . cautiously , in tight closeup , he hand go into the cage . the bird sit and watch . one of they tweet . he remove the small feed tray , put the bird seed into it , replace it in the cage . the bird hesitate another moment . then , tweeting , they begin to eat . full shot - the dine room as Mitch close the door to the cage . Melanie be slump against the wall . he go to she and take she in he arm . wearily , she raise she head . the SOUND of the shuffle , peck , claw bird be everywhere around they . mitch ( hold she ) you should have leave when you want to . she shake she head . mitch you would have be safe in San Francisco . melanie I do not want to be safe . I want to be with you . there be something pathetically comic about she voice , like a small child 's , confuse but defiant . holding she close , Mitch laugh , and she laugh with he . exhausted , they stand in each other 's arm , laugh in that weary , silly , dead of night sort of way . and suddenly ... the light go out . mitch ( in the darkness ) the power . melanie Mitch ... mitch wait here . do not move . the screen be totally black for perhaps five second . in the blackness , we hear the bird claw and rip , and the SOUND be enormously magnified . a flashlight suddenly go on . two shot - melanie and mitch as he come to she with the flash . we see they only dimly as he direct the beam upwards . mitch we would better light some of that lamp . melanie no ... wait. ( pause ) hold I . in the near darkness , we see they embrace and kiss . it be almost black in the room except for the strange effect of the flashlight as he hold it behind she . mitch I think they be ease off . dissolve full shot - the live room a kerosene lamp be burn . Melanie be awake , watch the fire . lydia have fall into a semi-recumbent position asleep on the couch . Cathy be curl up in one of the easy chair . Mitch be asleep by the fire . the fire be burn brightly and steadily . the house be almost still . there be no longer the sound of the claw and peck , but there be another SOUND now : the sound of something falling , or drop in a steady dribble , difficult to place . close shot - melanie listen to the curious sound , try to fathom its meaning . melanie ( whisper ) Mitch ? mo . shot - melanie as she turn toward he . melanie ( still whisper ) Mitch ? close shot - mitch asleep . close shot - melanie see this , make she decision . the SOUND be still come from somewhere in the house . she decide to let Mitch sleep , pick up a very long flashlight . full shot - melanie as she go through the house , check . she stop in the entry hall , play the flashlight over the furniture pile against the door . everything seem all right . she go into the kitchen , again , check the door , and then play the beam on the board window . satisfied , she go down the corridor outside the bedroom . she open the first bedroom door , enter , go to the window , play the beam on they . everything 's all right . she come into the corridor again , open the second bedroom door , again check window , and leave . full shot - melanie climb the step to the attic . she stop outside the first door upstairs , open it , go into the room , play the light on the window . nothing . she come out into the corridor , go to the second bedroom , open the door , enter , walk to the window . they be board securely . she be start back toward the door when she stop . close shot - melanie look . close shot - the floor a pile of chip and break plaster . mo . shot - melanie turn the flashlight up toward the ceiling . close shot - the ceiling a huge hole in it , show moonlit sky outside . close shot - melanie turn she eye from the ceiling , determination on she face , and suddenly , she eye open wide . close shot - a owl sit in the darkness , stare at she . close shot - melanie reacting . quick mo . shot - the owl wing spread in the beam of light . full shot - melanie back to the door . the owl hit she , send she staggering back , cause the door to slam shut . she look up at the full shot - the ceiling a swarm of mix bird come through the hole and down toward she . mo . shot - melanie in the room swinging the light flashlight as the bird attack she . close shot - melanie in the room , as the owl hit she full in the face . mo . shot - melanie swinging the flashlight as the bird attack she . mitch ( o.s. ) Melanie ! full shot - melanie and the bird grotesque and silent as she struggle with they . the room be a crossing cacophony of mix light beam and flutter wing . mitch ( o.s. ) Melanie , open the door ! he hurl himself against it . Inside the room , where Melanie struggle , we hear he hammer on it . Melanie be overwhelm by the bird . she fall to the floor , the flashlight beside she . in the spread ray of the light , we see the frantic flutter of wing as the bird cover she . there be a stronger assault on the door by Mitch outside . lydia ( o.s. ) ( scream ) Mitch , get she out of there ! mo . shot - the room Melanie , collapse at the base of the door , be no longer in view . neither be the bird , whose flutter shadow we see on the door as Mitch again hit it from outside . mitch ( o.s. ) Melanie ! the door begin to open . full shot - mitch as the door burst inward and he stumble into the room . he begin swinging at the bird immediately , reach down for Melanie , fight off the attack at the same time . he begin drag she out of the room . her clothes have almost be shred from she body , and she face be tear and bleed . we catch only quick glimpsis of she near-nudity , as Mitch pull she into the corridor and then , hold the door shut behind he with one hand , deliver swinging furious blow at the few bird that have escape into the corridor . mitch mother , get a rope ! lydia oh , my God , look at she ! mitch ( shouting ) get a rope ! she rush off . he struggle grotesquely with the bird . there be a wild fury in he , and a methodical dedication . he will not allow they to defeat he . a large bird strike he hand , knock the club from it . mo . shot - mitch as the bird strike at he face . he reach out with he hand , grasp the bird , let go of the door knob . another bird flutter into the corridor . close shot - mitch in anger and desperation as he throttles the bird with he hand . he reach behind he to grab the doorknob again , and be immediately attack by the other bird . mitch ( yell ) mother ! hurry ! two shot - lydia and mitch as she run up the step and into the corridor , carry a heavy piece of rope . Mitch grab the bird and hurl it angrily to the floor . lydia be stare down at Melanie in terror and compassion . he take the rope from she , loop it over the doorknob , pull it taut across the hallway , and tie it to the bannister , sealing the door . he turn immediately to Melanie , pick she up and carry she to the step , lydia follow . as they go downstairs : mitch Cathy ! get a blanket and some bandage ! cathy ( at the foot of the star , on the verge of tear ) be she all right ? close shot - melanie cradle against Mitch 's shoulder , she face bleed profusely . melanie I be ... I be .... full shot - mitch as he carry she into the live room , but she down on the couch . mitch just lie there and keep still . Cathy rush to they with a roll of bandage and a blanket . by the light of the lantern , Mitch drape the blanket over Melanie and then begin unrol the bandage . but he hand be tremble , and he drop it . lydia let I do that , Mitch . she pick up the bandage . mitch I can handle it . lydia I know you can . ( she eye meet he ) but I would like to . he nod . silently , she begin work on Melanie . melanie ( weakly ) please do not mess I up with bandage , Mrs. brenner . lydia shhhh . shhhh . melanie please . but she begin clean the wound , taping bandage over the cut . the house be still . she work silently and quickly . lydia ( as she work ) I be not very good at this , Mitch . mitch you be do fine . lydia ( apologize ) I mean . I want to ... pause . cathy listen ! close shot - lydia raise she eye . the room be silent . there be nothing to hear . lydia they be go . God have mercy , they be go . full shot - mitch as he go to the front door , and cautiously move away the table and chair . he open the door a crack . full shot - the yard through the crack . daylight be almost here . there be no bird visible . full shot - the door from outside as Mitch open it wider . the door be scar and splinter . as he open the door , one or two dead bird spill into the room . he step out into the yard . lydia be directly behind he . full shot - the house a shamble , all the window break . two shot - lydia and mitch mitch they be go . the same pattern . lydia but they will be back . mitch we will not be here . lydia where can we go , Mitch ? there 's no place to go . mitch I want to try for San Francisco . there be building there . steel and concrete ! lydia ( shaking she head ) we would never make it . they be probably all over the road . mitch we have to try it . ( a long silence ) we can not stay here . ( silence ) Melanie need help . ( silence ) mother , the house will not take another attack . lydia if ... ( pause ) if ... when we get to San Francisco ... ( pause ) if they be already there ? mitch they will not be . lydia if they be ? mitch we will worry about that when we get there . lydia I be frighten , terribly frighten . I ... I do not know what 's out there , Mitch . mitch what do we have to know , mother ? we be all together , we all love each other , we all need each other . what else be there ? mother , I want we to stay alive ! lydia ( nodd ; then after a pause ) I start to say ... inside ... mitch you do not have to . he hold out he hand to she . mitch I think we would better get start . dissolve full shot - the BRENNER yard it be cover with the eerie half - light that come just before dawn , a light that persist throughout all of the follow until the penultimate shot in the picture . the silence be deafen . there be not a bird in sight . the door to Melanie 's convertible be open as she and Mitch come out of the house together and he help she to the car . he put she in the back seat , tuck the blanket around she . in the background be the pickup truck , too small to hold all of they . lydia come to the door and quickly cross the yard , not look down at the dead bird . Cathy appear in the doorway to the house . close shot - cathy she be carry the cage of lovebird . she hesitates just outside the doorway . she look at Mitch . close shot - mitch look back at she . full shot - cathy , mitch , and lydia across the expanse of the desolate yard . cathy May I take they , Mitch ? he do not answer . she continue look at he . cathy they have not harme anyone . lydia take they . mitch ( with a slow nod ) we will put they in the trunk , Cathy . he take the bird from she and go to the back of the car . the camera stays on Cathy who get into the car on the front seat . Mitch come around the other side of the car , stop , and look toward the tree . mo . shot - the tree cover with wait bird . mo . shot - mitch get into car . mitch be careful with that door . Cathy close the door gently , and almost soundlessly . Mitch do the same with he door . melanie ( weakly ) Mitch , if they hear the car start ... if they see movement ... mitch we will take it slow until we get to the main road . ( pause ) be you ready ? close shot - mitch hand turn the key . the motor spring to life . full shot - int . the car anticipation on all the face . mitch all right . ( he take a deep breath ) here we go . full shot - the car from the outside , as it creep out of the yard . the bay be still , the road be still , the car make barely a sound as it pass the gate and start down the road . mo . shot - the road ahead - through the windshield as they begin drive slowly . the wire be down . a small fire be burn in the brush , where the wire make contact . the car continue to move . it turn the first bend in the road . close shot - melanie - looking through the window she gasp quickly . mo . shot - a group of heron - at water' edge stand , wait silently . full shot - the car - interior as the tension begin to start . mitch shhh . shhhh . mo . shot - the road ahead - through the windshield as they approach the derelict barge . it be cover with wait seagull . close shot - lydia see they . her lip begin to tremble . close shot - mitch turn toward the side of the road ahead . full shot - a overturned school bus - mitch be p.o.v. cover with wait bird . cathy ( whisper ) Mitch , let 's turn back . mitch shhh . shhhhh . mo . shot - a roadside house as the car pass . a barricade have be set up on the front porch , and a man be lean over it , dead , a shotgun in he hand . the porch be cover with wait bird . at the board window , we see a woman and child peer from a gap . close shot - cathy reacting . full shot - the car - bird be p.o.v. as it thread its way slowly and cautiously along the wind road to town . the bird be sit on some of the still - stand wire , watch , wait . full shot - the town approach - through the windshield as the car turn a bend in the road . there be thousand of bird ahead , on every gut and smolder rooftop , on every pole , on every fence . lydia Mitch ! mo . shot - mitch as he stop the car and look ahead . full shot - the car in the middle of the road , stop . ahead be the bird . close shot - melanie frighten , try not to reveal she fear . melanie can we turn back ? close shot - mitch mitch I ... I do not think so . if we get through town , I think we will be all right . full shot - int . the car there be a long silence . it be Melanie who have the strongest reason for fear the bird . it be Melanie , she fear grow , who make the decision . melanie then go ahead , Mitch . full shot - ext . the car as it begin move forward again at a excruciatingly slow rate of speed , into the town and the wait bird . close shot - lydia as she turn to look out the window on she side . close shot - a line of bird as the car move past they slowly . close shot - lydia close she eye . full shot - brinkmeyer' general store through the windshield . the roof and sill be cover with bird . the window be smashed in , can goods be strewn all over the sidewalk , bolt of cloth run in a riot from the open door and across the road , dead people be lie in the gutter . but in the hotel , we see some face behind break window . two shot - cathy , mitch the tension on they face , mo . shot - the store opposite the tide as the car approach they . the window be all break , and merchandise be lie on the sidewalk . bird be everywhere , wait . close shot - a dead man lie on the sidewalk , clutching a television set in he arm . close shot - mitch strain , look at the road ahead . long shot - the road ahead a clear sky , a bird - free stretch , close shot - mitch mitch ( almost as a prayer ) here we go . ( he ram down on the accelerator ) full shot - the car - exterior as Mitch ram the accelerator to the floor and it zoom ahead in a burst of speed . full shot - thousand of bird take wing . mo . shot - more bird take wing . close shot - melanie scream . melanie Mitch ! close shot - mitch wrenching at the wheel as the car turn a bend . full shot - the road ahead through the windshield , as a flock of bird take wing immediately ahead . close shot - the windshield from the inside , as bird flutter against it . close shot - the roof of the car from the inside , as a beak slashes it , let in a thin line of light . close shot - mitch wrenching at the wheel again , another bend . helicopter shot - the car navigate the sharp bend in the road as bird streak at it in straight line . two shot - lydia and melanie in the back seat as several slashes appear in the roof over they head , let in more light . close shot - the roof more slashes , more light in scattered beam . close shot - melanie she fear grow as the scattered light beam bring back the memory of the attic room and she flashlight battle with the owl . close shot - the roof more slashes , building , the beak thrust combine with the income beam of light in a weirdly horrifying way . close shot - lydia lydia ( almost a prayer ) dear God ... dear God ... please , please , what have we do ? please . ( and then in anger at the roof and the bird ) can not they leave we alone ? ( shriek it ) leave US alone ! mo . shot - the car interior all the passenger , as the roof suddenly rip back . full shot - bird from inside the car , hover over it the moment the roof tear back . close shot - melanie this be too much for she . she scream at sight of the bird , and then turn she face into lydia 's shoulder . two shot - lydia and melanie as lydia recognize Melanie 's need . she put she arm around Melanie 's shoulder and gently , soothingly , hold she close . full shot - the car racing along as the bird hover over it . close shot - mitch he face screw in anguish , tear roll down he cheek as he grip the wheel and hit the gas pedal . full shot - the OPEN car stream canvas ribbon behind it . it turn another bend in the road . full shot - the road ahead - ( through the windshield ) it be arrow-straight , no curve . full shot - the car in a burst of speed as it hit the straightaway . it begin to outdistance the bird . the gap widen . a flock of bird attack it from the side of the road , but it speed into they and through they . the gap grow wider and wider . they be well ahead of the bird now . close shot - lydia lydia we be lose they . close shot - mitch only a nod , he face stream tear . long shot - the car ( bird ' p.o.v . ) as they fall way behind now , the car move swiftly into the distance . two shot - lydia and melanie on the back seat . Melanie begin sobbing in a sudden release of tension . lydia , in compassion , and tenderly , cradle Melanie 's head on she shoulder . Melanie , she eye glisten , look ahead through the windshield . full shot - the car interior all they face visible . cathy Mitch ? do ... do you think they will be all right ? in the trunk ? can they breath ? mitch ( with the faintest smile ) I think they will be all right , honey . there be hope on they face as the car streak into the wind . not a wild exuberance , but a relaxation of tension . they stare ahead through the windshield , and then they squint they eye against the sudden sunrise ahead , and Mitch reach up to turn down the sun visor . mitch it look ... it look clear up ahead . full shot - the car move away from the camera fast into magnificent sunrise over the crest of the hill . further and further into the distance it go . fade out : the end