'' Robert Wise : prod . # 02075 | the filmaker Group April 22 , 1974 the _hindenburg second draft screenplay ~ by | Nelson gid 2 base on the book by . : 7 Michael M. Mooney _ 7 de #02075 the hindenburg fade in SMALL screen black and white : universal trademark accompany by newsreel theme music . a newsreel headline - black and white zeppelin hindenburg to begin second transatlantic season ext . a new york CITY STREET - day - stock a anti-Nazi demonstration take place in the street . : newsreel voice the hindenburg be come again -- that 's what ait the excitement be about . the pride of Germany be due _here on the morning of May 6 . close on window display camera ' briefly explore a window display guard by a police - man . ( see Appendix # 1 ) no representation of the hindenburg herself be show . : newsreel voice during the 1937 season the giant airship be schedule to make 18 round trip from Frankfurt to rarr . lakehurst , New Jersey . * . fast montage ~- old drawing , lithographs , etc . start with the montgolfier balloon . newsreel voice a hundred and fifty year ago two frenchmen , the montgolfier brother , make the first control flight in a hot -air balloon . C al de # 02075 2 6 fast montage present early dirigible . 6 use the same style . ( see Appendix # 2 . ) newsreel voice soon the discovery of hydrogen put the bird in competition with a steam - propel banana , a eighty - foot cigar , several fly bolognas , and a tremendous lemon seed operat - ing on gravity and gall . 7 montage of count Zeppelin' accomplishment 7 Old photo and film ( stock ) of the Count and he early Zeppelin : schwaben , viktoria luise , hansa , sachsen , bodensee . newsreel voice at the turn of the century , Count ferdinand von Zeppelin fly a 400 - foot sausage power by two marine engine for twenty mile . after this triumph , Germany give full support to the old Count . he and he young associate , Dr. Hugo eckener , found the world 's first passenger airline . 8 sequence of lz 126 ~ 8. stock film show she overseas flight , delivery on american soil , she landing on a aircraft carrier , and she flight over the Panama Canal . newsreel voice in 1924 the Zeppelin company build the lz 126 for the U.S. navy . re - christen the Los Angeles , she make air history under she brilliant commander , Charles E. rosendahl . but no other country have equalle ~ Germany 's phenomenal success in the field of lighter - than - air transpor - tation . 9 sequence of . graf zeppelin - stock 9 show she voyage to South America , she trip around the world , etc . continued '' mp # 02075 3 tt ) 9 + continued 9 an . newsreel voice for ten year the old graf Zeppelin have fly over a million mile a carry 13,000 passenger without the slight injury to a single one . : . 10 sequence of hindenburg under construction 10 at friedrichshafen . in addition to stock film , this material will include drawing , plan , cross-section , etc. , make clear the various feature of the Zeppelin . newsreel voice now the Zeppelin company and german genius have create the airship supreme , the hindenburg . she be the climax of man 's dream to con - quer the air , the new Queen of the Skies . a final b&w photo show the great airship in she hangar in the last stage of construction . as main title music swell .... match dissolve to 11 wide screen color - the . hindenburg and hangar - day ~- matte 11 the above phdto now come to life show the dirigible : in all 2 she color and glory . in the f.g. the sun strike : the huge black swastikas on she tail . . MAIN title fade . in over : — the hindenburg 11 - a int . the empty hull of the hindenburg - day ~- matte 11 - a . , credit continue over . the interior suggest a cathedral - like vastness . aluminum arch , girder , web of wire soar upwards to the vault fabric roof . . a initial gas cell start to inflate . 12 ext . hindenburg and sky - day - miniature 12 a awesome sight , she turn gracefully in the sky . during and after the abbreviate credit that follow , the sky turn dreamlike . the hindenburg recede , begin to disappear into mist , until there be only empty sky . Music continue over .... | 13 ext . a midwestern CITY - day - view shot 13 a title flash on : milwaukee , april 17 , 1937 . Vo oe ee . - oe 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 #02075 4 int . a house ~- big closeup - kathie rauch a middle - age woman , she look down as if write . insert - the letter in german . two word at the end of the line kathie finish be plain enough : " Zeppelin hindenburg .... ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - day - long shot ext . a imposing residence - day - full shot a title : german embassy , april 21 , 1937 . int . ambassador's office ~ day - close on the rauch letter hold in a man 's hand . angle on german ambassador luther a small , whitenhaired , old - world diplomat in spat , he show the letter to he first Secretary . first secretary ( unimpress ) the embassy get hundred of letter like sthat last year , Mr. ambassador . mostly from crank . the new season 's beginning , naturally we can expect more of the same . . luther : ( worriedly ) Mrs. rauch 's letter be different . it 's specific . she spell out how and where the Zeppelin will be destroy , ° . ( tapping ' letter ) a time bomb over american territory . SHOCK CUT to ground-to - AIR shot - a ju 87 '' stuka " dive bomber diving toward earth , its propeller - drive siren scream . ext . a templehof airfield - day - matte a title : berlin , april 30 , 1937 . the stuka land , taxi to the flight line . the engine be cut . 14 15 ° 16 17 18 19 20 21 dv # 02075 5 ( T ) 22 full on colonel franz kessler 22 in fly helmet , white silk scarf and three - quarter length coat , he climb from the cockpit . kessler , in he forty , be seemingly all meat and stone with a strong , grim face . 23 new angle 23 a luftwaffe General and Colonel jump from a command car and embrace he warmly . general ' ( grin ) show we how you do it in Spain ? kessler ( with a edge ) I do not do much fly there . colonel good to have you back , franz . we hear they be give you a knight 's . Cross to you Iron Cross . kessler for write up dossier , I suppose . '' ( significantly ) half the time about we own people . > ' ( lew ; take . - General aside ) they be turn we into a gestapo , Karl . I want you to get I out of Intelligence . give I back my old reconnaissance command . sx . general ( uncomfortably ) that might not be so easy , franz . yo kessler . why not ? all you have to do be : . sign the order . . general ( evasively ) you have be bring back for a slight probiem we have inherite . - kessler look at he , frown . 24 ext . a imposing build on the wilhelmplatz - day 24 a title : ministry of propaganda # 02075 6 int . office of goebbel - day - big closeup - kessler 25 eye down , he read the rauch letter . a voice furthermore , Colonel kessler , that 2 letter confirm we own suspicion that there 's a plot to sabotage the lz 129 on this flight . angle widen to include Goebbels watch kessler astutely from behind he big desk . . kessler ( return letter ) then obviously , Dr. Goebbels , the sane thing to do be cancel the flight until the gestapo uncover the plot . goebbel sane , perhaps , but weak . the prop - aganda value of the lz 129 be highly important . kessler well , from a military standpoint she 's a fly dinosaur . goebbel . ( annoyed ) . Colonel , the lz 129 be a world symbol of Nazi power . you should be honore you have be choose to guard she safety . kessler my field be the estimation of enemy air operation . it 's not espionage . goebbel . . . a Zeppelin ride should be a vacation compare to Spain . you be be -- loan , shall .we say , to the lz 129 . as the officer in complete charge of security for this trip . you will have the power to arrest suspect or do anything you think necessary . but quietly , discreetly , or it might appear we have internal opposition . kessler and you be afraid it could strengthen the resistance Movement . continued iv # 02075 7 tt '' 25 ° continued . 25 a , goebbel ( sharply ) _ there be no resistance movement , Colonel . _¢ kessler , that 's reassure to hear from the Minister of propaganda . goebbel ( eyeing he ; rise ) I must not keep you from you next appointment . ( walk to door ) let 's hope you will change you opinion of we ' fly dinosaur . ' kessler perhaps I will -- unless there 's a egg hatching in she . 26 . int . a room at ss headquarters - day - close on a bomb 26 Black -uniformed gestapo Major hufschmidt move past the bomb . . huf schmidt . ( point ) a bellow bomb detonate by atmos - pheric pressure . found on the graf . Zeppelin . . : angle widen to include kessler bepind hufschmidt . '' below street level , the room resemble a small museum . hufschmidt conduct kessler past a display of time bomb . man hufschmidt «.ea radio bomb discover on himmler 's plane ... a chemical fuse bomb from the hold of the steamship bremen ... a clockwork incendiary , . small but , could easily ignite : . hydrogen ... kessler I have only see one smaller . a british device with a silent acid fuse . blew up a locomotive in the station . ) huf schmidt ( turn to a diagram ) ~~ the hindenburg 's be searched twice a day from stem to stern . I guaran - tee you will board a clean ship . continued ‘jv # 02075 8 ty 26 continued . 26 / hufschmidt ( cont would ) ( face he ) but what happen on the flight be you responsibility , Colonel . ed kessler also a honor , I have be tell . hufschmidt ( hand he a leather notebook ) this be a dossier we have prepare on you fellow passenger and crew . you will find it useful . kessler ( peruse notebook ) ninety - seven people . hufschmidt include you , Colonel . kessler well then , only ninety - six to worry ii about . that make it simpler . kn . . : 27 ext . a business STREET - frankfurt - day - 27 a title : frankfurt the zeppelin company , may 1 , 1937 : 's a man and a woman approach and stop at the door . 28 closer on build entrance 28 kessler , now in civilian clothes , kiss he attractive brunette good - bye and enter the building . + 29 int . executive office of the zeppelin company - day 29 , Captain Ernst lehmann and Dr. Hugo eckener , both in civilian clothes , read the rauch letter as kessler face they . lehmann , fifty - one , be a quietly forceful man of short , stocky build . eckener , sixty -eight , a gcateed visionary , be the great live pioneer of lighter - than - air transportation . 30 closer angle 30 with a glint of anger , lehmann toss down the letter . continued '' al # 02075 tt '' 30 continued 30 lehmann the hindenburg be schedule to leave in two day , Colonel . why do you gestapo wait till now to show we this ? eckener it 's inexcusable that we passenger have to make other travel arrange - ment this late . kessler the flight have not be cancel . ' lehmann not cancel ? ( gesture at letter ) I think -- why be you here ? kessler . I will be aboard as a special Security Officer . I want you with I , Captain lehmann , as a senior airship observer . . lehmann you may have to work with the gestapo , Colonel , but I do not . 1 kessler Dr. eckener , you build the hindenburg . do not you want to protect you interest ? eckener I have protect they for forty year by take no risk . : lehmann : even if I want to go , you would never be able to clear it . Dr. eckener . : and : I be out of favor at the chancellery . eckener I refuse to name the hindenburg after the austrian corporal . lehmann Captain pruss , the new commander , be a excellent airshipman -- and a good Nazi . continued al # 02075 — 10 30 continued - 2 30 lehmann ( cont would ) ( 7 : ( return letter ) ns do not embarrass yourself by request - ing I , Colonel . there 's no way they would allow it . kessler ( pockete letter ) there 's a way . I will see you at the airfield Monday . lehmann and eckener look at he . 31 int . the heldenkeller - night - full shot 31 a title : frankfurt airfield , sunday , may 2 , 1937 in this dimly light , smoky rathskeller near the airfield , some of the crew , they wife and girlfriend be have a farewell party around table push together : Chief rigger knorr , a squat , long -arm man of fifty with a homely sympathetic face ; frau knorr , he broad -beam , narrow - minded wife ; stewardess imhof , a martinet ; compact , tough elevatorman felber ; second rigger neuhaus , a country boy ; rugge mechanic ludecke ; helm - man frenkel , meticulous in dress and manner . om first rigger Eric boerth and freda halle , a busty , handsome blonde a few year older than boerth , behave openly as lover . boerth be a youthful man with a determine face , close - cropped hair and a tall athletic build . he be a mixture of extreme '' competence , readiness to serve and tight - lipped superiority -- '' -a character more complex than he himself realize . chief rigger knorr == stupid . ss man crawl all over we ship morning till night . dirt from they shoe . first rigger boerth if we put a elephant in the hull they could not find it . > . elevatorman felber they be not look for a elephant . second rigger neuhaus do you see Eric when the ss dog bark ? he jump ten foot and the dog bit he in - the brain -- here . ( point to backside ) bb continued mp 31 32 #02075 11 continued : 31 boerth ( join laughter ) better than be bitten by the ss . he playfully bite freda on the neck . : . angle on kessler , 32 in civilian clothes ( always from now on ) he sit at a side table with the slender brunette , eleanore , he wife . she stare at a garish calendar - art oil painting of the hindenburg - on the wall . he touch she hand comfortingly . : eleanore you should have refuse to go on that wagnerian whale . kessler ssh . ( lightly ; glance off ) the crew might think I be jonah . eleanore I can not bear it ... Alfred , then Spain , and now this ... '' ( urgently ) we be not far from Switzerland , franz . I -.was walk along the river today and think that if - we could only --- . ' kessler no. : eleanore you despise what you be do now . kessler . what would you have I do in Switzerland ? what would I tekl they -- yesterday ' I be a Colonel in the german Air Force ...? it would be different if we weré Jews or pacifist , or even Communists . eleanore we must get away , franz . while we be still young enough to pick up the piece . kessler I can not . I would be a deserter . continued mp 32 7 33 see #02075 12 continued 32 kessler ( cont would ) ( grip she hand ) listen , eleanore . I talk to Karl . he say he will try to get I back my old group . we would live . in the south , far from Berlin . eleanore ( touch he face ) poor franz . they even make you dream lie to you . she look at he with compassion and turn away . he focus he attention on the noisy airshipmen . angle on crew table - favoring boerth and freda 33 boerth and ludecke , arm interlocked and hold two - liter stein , engage in a chug -a- lug contest . the other crewmen pound the table count to ten . freda push down boerth 's stein . - : freda you will be drunk , Eric . . ludecke '' we will be dry for two day on board , woman . freda ( tender and sexy ) please , Eric . not tonight . boerth kiss she long and hard . the other start a even more uproarious countdown . stewardess imhof ( pull . they apart ) behave yourselves . you act liké gypsy . . . . frau knorr nod agreement and glare at the lover . now uncomfortable , freda whisper to boerth . he rise and start out with she , carry he stein . : : boerth ( hoist stein ) good night , good night . ( a bow to imhof ) we be go to bed , stewardess . we will ring if we need anything . continued vt % mp 33 34 35 36 #02075 13 continued 33 much laughter and roll of eye . drain he beer as he go , boerth bump kessler 's table . boerth Excuse I , I be just a poor gypsy . kessler nod pleasantly . boerth follow freda out . angle on crew table 34 . frau knorr freda halle be a loose woman . they say she work for foreigner , some ' french bank in Frankfurt . felber ( come alert ) we should report it . knorr woman 's gossip . we be all loyal Germans . besides , : Eric 's no fool . enough , now . ( rise for a toast ) I drink to the one I love . . ( as. he . frau preens ) the hindenburg : amid laughter and cheer , they all rise . mechanic ludecke start sing the " horst wessel song " and the other join in . two shot - kessler . and eleanore : 35 shudder , she release he hand . : eleanore ' that song be go to make I sick . > 2 ext . hangar and hindenburg - night - location and matte 36 a low - key atmospheric vista of the giant airship at rest in the hangar . lit from the inside , she cast a eerie green glow through she translucent belly . at a hundred foot up , she curving flank disappear into heavy shadow . ss soldier with police dog stand guard around the sleep phantom . the strain of the " horst wessel song " carry over ... kessler and he pale dark lady appear among the grotesque shape of equip - — ment on the perimeter . they stare at the vast apparition and she grope for he hand . SHOCK CUT to mp # 02075 — 14 37 closeup - the bomb with work exposed ( see appendix # 3 ) 37 held in a hand , it be a rectangle about 2 " wide and 5 " long with complicated wheel and tiny gear . it be be test . in utter silence the black timer needle revolve . when it - xreadch the detonation point , it stop with a click . instantly CUT to 38 ext . hangar - late day - location and miniature 38 shoot toward hangar past the hindenburg now outside at the moor mast . people , the company transport buss , equipment , be dwarf by the giant airship and she nest . Soldiers patrol the area , some hold leash dog . occasionally they warn back spectator . a uniform brass band pump away on the apron , while a troop of Hitler youth form up beside it . a title : monday , may 3 , 1937 39 insert - hangar clock . 39 show 6:30 . below the clock be post in german and English : departure Frankfurt - 8:00 p.m. May 3 arrival lakehurst - 6:00 a.m. May 6 ff with 40 int . hangar - late day - wide angle . 40 - - a atmosphere of intense activity and excitement ... baggage , be deliver and freight move out . - ; uniform Zeppelin company official bustling back and forth ... well - wisher chatter with passenger .... 41 omitted : . : 41 42 angle on baggage section . 42 ss man make the passenger uneasy with a almost microscopic inspection of they baggage . * . fouristy type . . . ( in tyrolean hat ) what 's go on ? something wrong ? sweet -face old lady I be not smuggle anything , I promise . . ss man ae Standard procedure for Zeppelin . 43 angle on kessler 43 on the fringe , appraise he fellow passenger . 44-2 #02075 15 he point of view - the waiting room area 44 reed and bess Channing sip champagne with hattie , a handsome woman of sixty - odd who have bring a bon voyage basket with champagne and caviar . reed Channing , mid-forty , relaxed , urbane , be impeccably groom . his wife bess , forty , be southern , uninhibit , warm and basically genteel . she pour champagne into a ashtray for she dalmation . hattie ( Texas accent ) I wish you would forget this Zeppelin crap and come on over to the coronation . quacky 's rent a Duke 's palace or something ' outside London . bess not we , hattie . reed 's show start rehearsals the twelfth . channing anyway british quarantine will not let heidi into the country . ' hattie you should have have child instead of dog . 's Channing and bess exchange a look . bess give he a nod . channing . ( twinkle ) the evil spell 's be lift . bess be , pregnant . hattie at you age ? . bess ( nodd ) finally . channing . but no rooftop announcement just yet . ° we do not want to push we luck . hattie ( hugging she ) oh , bess .... angle on kessler , 44 - a shifting he attention to : sk # 02075 16 44-b the immigration desk 44 - B under the supervision of ss officer , passenger be check through Immigration . as each passenger be clear , he pass - port be give to watch Officer dimmler who place it in a strongbox . the passenger be then body - searched by Chief steward kirsch or steward macher , with stewardess imhof attend - ing to the lady in a small curtain booth . all match and lighter be remove and place in bag label with the pas - senger ' name . 44-c angle on the countess von scharnwitz 44 - c elegant in a strike white cape , she hand the Immigration official she passport .. a woman of great style and breeding with a finely chisele face , the countess be a classic beauty . immigration official ( study passport ) how long will you be away from we , countess ? he eye a gestapo Major who glide over . countess ( a charming smile ) until I get homesick , I suppose . gestapo major ( uncharm ; tak - oe I ' ing passport ) : . 2 what be the purpose of you trip ? : countess to visit my daughter at school in _. _ boston. 44-d close on . kessler 44-d he register interest in this . a 2 44-e two shot - the countess and gestapo major a 7 44 - 8 gestapo major where will you be stay ? countess . with friend . Mr. and Mrs. alden - 3 winthrop . . gestapo major [ in Boston ? continued sk 44-e Vo 44 - F 45 #02075 17 continued 44-e countess yes -- and they place on cape cod . gestapo major what do he do , he occupation ? . @ countess ( with a edge ) he 's with the winthrop first National Bank and I can assure you , Major , he 's not the doorman . close on kessler 44 - p smile at the countess ' answer and the Major 's reaction . a page boy' voice Mr. Edward Douglas .... kessler turn . angle on page boy . 45 carry a cablegram . '' page boy Mr. Douglas .... Douglas , a trim , prematurely gray man , intercept the cable . ' as he 'read it kessler drift closer , try for a casual squint at the text , but Douglas promptly stuff the cable in he pocket . he look at the hangar clock and carefully set he patek philippe . kessler check he own luftwaffe chrono - meter and smile at Douglas .. — kessler seem we will get off a little late . douglas yeah , what 's the holdup ? * ( move to Immigration desk ) let 's get this show on the road . kessler get in line behind Douglas . at the head of the line , flashbulb be discover on otto Vogel . suave , attractive , Vogel maintain a smile presence . kirsch turn the bulb over to the gestapo Major . Vogel shrug it off . continued 8 46 #02075 18 continued . 45 gestapo major the official photographer should . know better . as Douglas be searched by macher , kessler step up to kirsch . the gestapo Major beckon kessler through without a search . gestapo major not require for you , Colonel . kessler ( hand he lighter ) it should be . angle on albert breslau 46 a prosperous american executive , he shepherd he family of four into line : wife mild , overdress and a social climber ; he pretty , somewhat scatterbrain eighteen - year- old daughter irene ; he two mischievous boy , Paul , ten , and Peter , eight . Breslau , hold five passport and fidgety Peter 's hand , drop the passport . kessler help him gather they up . kessler ( return passport ) you name be familiar , Mr. Breslau . _ do you have relative in Germany ? breslau '' many friend and associate , but no relative . mildre you might have , Albert . == ( to kessler ) I be sure we name once have a 'o ' von ' . von Breslau . prussian nobility . kessler ah , that 's where I hear it . . breslau a co . ( kid wife ) : too bad , mild . the ' von ' do not , count when you be bear in the States . paul we all be . peter I too . continued 47 48 #02075 19 continued 46 kessler otousl they head ) couple of cowboy . angle on pajetta and napier 47 they move toward the line into the transit area .. british Major Earl Napier , 31 , be turn out in the high style of . a Guards Officer -- brush moustache , bowler , and regimental tie . his american companion , emilio pajetta , be a crusty old cur - mudgeon . use . a cane , he hobble along on Napier 's.arm . kessler ( join they ) handsome cane , sir . May I see it ? pajetta you would not admire it so much , mister , if you be crippled . | kessler I do not intend to be . ( to a official ) tape the end of Mr. pajetta 's cane and return it to he , please . ao napier I say , you must be the special security chap . good thing too . ( glance off ) ruddy blimp 's fill with hydrogen . kessler ( gravely ) _ I will make a note of that . ( move off ) thank you . pajetta ( to Napier ) they call that dumb dutchman a security man ? . , ' , . company official > : ntake the cane ) * the tape be for you own safety , sir . the steel tip could strike spark . angle on the countess von scharmwitz 48 argue with ss inspector by she six vuitton suitcase and large wardrobe trunk , she be the last one at the baggage table . continued sk # 02075 20 48 continued 48 countess I would expect more courtesy on a cattle boat . now you just do as you be '' tell . : kessler May I help , countess ? countess ah , Colonel kessler . I think I recognize you . this people insist '' on go through my entire trunk before put it on board . will you talk to they , please ? kessler certainly . ( to ss man ) open it , search it , strip the lining , remove the metal corner . if you . run out of time , ship it to the countess on the bremen . the ss man smile and fall to work , open the trunk and pile she gowns , lingerie , etc. on the counter . countess ( coolly but with - out rancor ) not very gallant , be it , Colonel ? . the german Air Force be not dt all what it use to be »- but then I . suppose nothing be this day . | kessler = nothing . 49 angle . on hindenburg - location and matte '' 49 the gangway , a double staircase , lower from she belly . pas - senger in the transit area shuffle forward . the guard dog o.s. erupt , in alarmed bark . head swivel . 50 ext . hangar - late day - long shot - matte 50 a man with a suitcase and a package run from a taxi toward the hangar , pursue by ss man with dog . he laugh , set down the suitcase , and comically attempt to pet the savage dog , throw in Nazi salute and a goose step . 51 close angle 51 kessler and the gestapo Major hurry to he . continued 52 #02075 21 continued 51 major you papers , please . the man hold up a magazine with he picture on a inside page , caption with he name , Joe spah . the picture show he climb a tower lamp post in he drunk act at the circus . wiry , energetic , spah , thirty , be a comic acrobat who aspire to better thing . he come on strong , but under - neath the brashness be a decent , naively sincere man . with he gift for pantomime , there be about he , as with many clown , a overall air of pathos . spah ( a sleight - of - hand . trick ) ' here 's my passport and ticket all , in order . : ( to ss man ) just throw the bag on the Zep , son . kessler glance at the package which the Major take and rip open : a dresden doll . the Major inspect it , lift the skirt . spah ( imitate a doll ) goodie , goodie , wanna play doctor ? kessler why not ? ( to Major ) give the doll a thorough examination -- and the syitcase . : _ int . hangar - late day - angle on irene . breslau , 52 behind a crate she fuss with a run in she stock . a young man in Zeppelin company uniform approach , extend a clipboard and a pen . young man oy ' will miss Breslau please write down . she correct weight ?. : ° irene I do . a hundred and six . young man ( low ) keep the pen . a present from relative in Germany . but not a word to you father till you have sail . he will understand . continued 53 54 55 #02075 22 continued 52 irene but we do not have any relative in Germany . without answer , the young official hurry off . ext . the hindenburg - late day - matte 53 the band on the apron switch to a wagnerian air . the Hitler youth troop snap to attention . captain pruss and lehmann approach the Zeppelin at a brisk pace . close angle 54 pruss be a big , bluff man with the heartiness and solemnity necessary to have both the affection and respect of he crew . spot kessler , pruss gesture to he . . pruss Colonel kessler , board with we . - ( as he join they ) do you know we have the pleasure of Captain lehmann for this voyage ? lehmann ( quickly ) just as a observer , Captain . - pruss and as a diplomat . lehmann = - .feyeing kessler ) —~ it seem someone have arrange for I to go to Washington to . try and - get we helium . kessler gaze back with a faint smile . . kessler ~ I wish we have it this trip . - . the three man start up the gangway . another angle ~ matte 55 . now the passenger be escort to the ship . the countess be accompany by Chief Radio Officer willy speck who carry a armful of clothing from she defrock wardrobe trunk . continued jv 55 ~ / 56 57 60 versus #02075 23 continued : 55 a stocky man in he thirty , he have a coarsely handsome face .. the channing follow behind they dog , carry in she case by steward kirsch . pajetta , the tip of he cane now swathed in white tape , hobble along on Napier 's arm . angle on gangway - staircase 56 the vanguard of passenger mount into the world of the Zeppelin . . int . hindenburg - stair and foyer - late day . 57 the passenger fan out , some to they cabin , other to go explore . several , among they Douglas , pause by the bust of von hindenburg in the foyer . on the wall above be three clock : the ship 's clock show 7:10 ; Berlin time the same ; New York time 2:10 ( p.m. ) . below the clock on the port side be a bulletin board , and to the starboard a large map of the - voyage route with a little swastika pin-flag mark the Zeppelin 's position . int . the MAIN lounge on " a " deck - late day 58 passenger gaze around . the wall bear a huge mercator pro - jection of the world depict sea voyage ( Columbus , magellan , etc. ) , the Atlantic crossing . of the U.S. airship Los Angeles , and the around - the-world flight of the graf - Zeppelin . a aluminum baby grand stand in a corner . spah oo strike a note on it and go into a hornpipe dance . several people laugh . int . the dine room on " a " deck - late day 59 mild Breslau , follow by she two boy , survey the room . fifty foot long , it be a restaurant of luxury and refinement , with painting >of airship travel . mild , however , zeroe in on the china , turn it over to see the brand . 7 5 int . writing room on " a " deck - late day 60 write taby , mail chute , ship 's library ... the sweet - face old lady look around surreptitiously , then steal a sheaf of stationery . as a loudspeaker blare , she jump . loudspeaker will Mrs. eleanore kessler please come to the gangway . i jv 61 62 63 #02075 24 ext . gangway stair - late day - matte 61 kessler force he way down against the passenger still board . the band play relentlessly . angle on eleanore : . 62 escort from the crush behind the guard , she run to - she husband . they kiss in the shadow of the ship . kessler ( a urgent whisper ) I have to see you again . eleanore ( cling to he ) yes . kessler I think you should do what you say - «»- about go to Switzerland . eleanore ( glance at youth troop ) not without you . his eye follow hers and cloud . kessler all right . I '11 be home in six day . then we will ' see . they exchange a long , loving look . embrace she hurriedly , he run up the gangway which then withdraw : into the ship . int . control gondola - steering room - night - close on 63 gondola clock : which read 8:18 . pull back to pruss who turn from the clock . '' '' rl up ship : pruss watch Officer . dimmler , Chief engineer sauter , helmsman frenkel , elevatorman felber snap to they post . pruss ( to lehmann ; gruffly ) do not. just stand there like a ob - server . make yourself useful -- Captain . continued iv 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 '' 71 72 #02075 25 continued 63 lehmann ( smile ) thanks , Captain . please and happy , he busy himself check instrument . - omitted 64 ext . hindenburg and hangar - night - location and miniature 65 Men on the moor mast start to disconnect the nose cone . int . nose cone - night - favoring boerth 66 his face against a window , boerth stand on the long staircase lead to the riggers ' shelf where Chief knorr and second rigger neuhaus disconnect the nose cone from inside . knorr Eric -- lend a hand . you act like this be you first trip . boerthas point of view toward ground 67 freda hallé regards boerth with a calm , unwaver gaze . reverse angle - close on boerth 68 he stare at freda for - a long beat , then turn away . close on freda 69 visibly move . she hurry off , glance back once . ext . hindenburg - night - miniature and . matte . 70 searchlight play onto her side , she nose from . the mast . moor line be cast off . int . " a " deck promenade - night - close on kessler 71 Troubled , he peer down , shading he eye from the beam . he point of view - eleanore kessler on the ground 72 she stare back and wave half - heartedly . with he wife at the center , the world slowly recede . , de 73 it vj 74 c* 75 #02075 26 close angle on kessler at observation window he hangs.on to he wife with he eye . shoulder . angle widen as kessler turn to find Vogel . : a voice Colonel kessler . do you know we be cabin mate ? kessler be we ? : vogel yes , I feel honore . I hope the Colonel do not mind share quarter with I . kessler delighted . but he face do not show it . ext . hindenburg - night - miniature and matte a hand clap he 73 74 set adazzle by the searchlight , the hindenburg float upwards , silent as a cloud . int . control gondola - night Navigator von bauer hand a weather map to pruss who frown at it . pruss weather over the Channel . lehmann ( dip in ) if we fly the north side of the storm , the pressure pattern will simply push we over England . pruss ( shaking he head ) the british do not want we over they chimney pot . they will com - plain to the foreign Office . lehmann the foreign Office be not aboard . 2 the engine start with a roar . continued 76 '' de 75 76 77 78 79 | #02075 27 continued 75 pruss ( firmly ) I will do the worry this trip , Ernst . we will stay on course and try to outrun the storm . ext . hindenburg - night - long shot - miniature and matte 76 as she sail west , the searchlight hold the swastikas on she tail . the searchlight cut off . darkness .... ext . hangar and landing mast at lakehurst - day - matte 77 a lonely sailor outline a huge landing circle around the desert mast with a marker use for tennis court . . a title : lakehurst naval AIR station , may 3 , 2:28 p.m. int . administration build - day - rosendahl's office 78 at he desk the commandant of the Naval Air Station , salty , astute Commander Charles E. rosendahl -- the foremost devel - oper of american lighter - than -air -- read : the literary digest . angle on door : : . . 79 * . knock on the door nameplate as he come , rosendahl 's exec. , Lt. Henry truscott , young , jaunty with a hair-line moustache , hustle . in . truscott she 's on she way , sir . ( deliver a cable ) Left Frankfurt ten minute ago , - 8:18 by they clock . rosendahl oread cable ) now we sweat , hank . truscott yeah ... till 6 a.m. Thursday . rosendahl ( pick up digest ) listen to this : ' no voyager on the hindenburg need fear fire within the ship , etc. , etc . ' continued de # 02075 28 79 continued . 79 a : rosendahl ( cont would ) es ( rise , toss down the digest ) same magazine that predict landon would beat Roosevelt . in thirty - two state . truscott that 's why I read ballyhoo -- exclusively . rosendahl ( circle ) every time she put in here it 's like open a pandora 's box . ( beat ) a booby-trapped pandora 's box . ( pause at model of airship Los Angeles ) remember what happen last time we take this one up ? 80 close . on model 80 truscott's voice yeah ... if we have not have helium , we would not be here . 81 ext . hindenburg - night - miniature 81 she loom past camera , silvery 's and immense . 82 int . hull of airship ~ night . , 82 a figure on the lower catwalk be all but lose in the . dim tunnel through the depth of the interior . Inside the hull the resemblance be closer to a mine far down in the earth than to a mighty skyborne ship float effortlessly above it . only in the narrow separation between the sixteen massive gas cell be there glimpsis of the arch , girder , web of - wire that hold the vast structure together . . . 83 close on kessler s3 move on the lower catwalk . surveying the complexity of this enormous maze , he come to a stop . 84 another angle 84 boerth , carry a handle - line and tackle , appear from a hide recess and move noiselessly down the catwalk . blocked , he tap kessler on the back . continued dc # 02075 . 29 84 continued 84 boerth have you find it , sir ? kessler ( turn ) found what ? boerth ( look he in eye ) there be no secret on Zeppelin . kessler ( stare back ) let 's hope not . now he make room for boerth to pass and watch he disappear . into dimness . 85 int . dine SALOON - night 85 as Chief steward kirsch and stewardess imhoff set the table to lively music over the speaker , spah enter . spah when do we eat ? kirsch a light supper will be serve at ten , sir . . . spah it 's important you put I at Mr. — -. reed Channing 's table . I have - be check on he dog . kirsch you should not have be back there , Mr. spah . it 's against regulation . > > : spah . * . . ‘( tipping he ) ° ' , : : so do not say anything . okay , . friend ? kirsch nod and pocket the money . stewardess imhof look after spah narrowly . = ) 86 int . the lounge on " a " deck ~ night 86 se kessler and Vogel enter . pass they , irene join she parent at a table . '' ns # 02075 30 be 87 close on table rarr ) irene ( eagerly ) daddy , I have be wait to tell you . a young man at the airfield '' give I this . ' ( produce pen ) he tell I not to --- breslau ( with dismay ) where would you get that ? irene I be try to tell you , daddy --- breslau ( take pen ) give it to I , dumpling . : mildre you father 's right , irene . you should not accept gift from strange man . ; irene oh mother .... 88 angle on kessler and . vogel kessler have be watch irene and she father . . vogel . _ ( follow he gaze ) '' she 's a pretty little thing . with only 4000 mile to go , I would better meet she . douglas . ( from promenade ) > : 4100 . . kessler Excuse I ? douglas we have get 4100 mile to go . kessler right. ( point to window ) Holland . continued '' ns 89 90 91 #02075 . 31 continued : 88 kessler ( cont would ) ( glance at watch ) nine minute late , or do you make it ten , Mr. Douglas ? Douglas give he a odd look . kessler scrutinize he . angle on the breslau table 89 vogel ( approach ; with a bow ) otto Vogel , the ship 's photographer . May I borrow the charming young lady tomorrow as a model ? irene hey , that 's smooth . breslau ( rise ) I be go to have a smoke . kessler I will join you . ~ mildre ( as other leave ) tell I , Mr. Vogel , be there any - body worthwhile on board ? I still say the french line have the best . . society . , angle on door to bar - smoking ' room - " B " deck 90 kessler wait for Breslau to pass through the revolve door which serve as a airlock to the pressurize area on the other side . : . int . bar - smoking room - night : ' : to > Breslau emerge first into a small alcove with a stand - up bar . bartender balla open a second normal door to admit he to the smoking room proper . breslau ( as he go ) thanks . a beer , please . the smoking room , attend by Chief bar steward schulz , have only one lighter , the automobile type , centrally locate in continued '' ns wy 92 so 92 _ he shake he head . # 02075 , 32 continued 91 awall . pajetta blow on the lighter and make a vain attempt to ignite he stogie . the countess fill a elegant miniature pipe from a small silver box . countess ( lean forward ) when you be quite through with it , may I , mr.. pajetta ? pajetta ( peevishly pass it ) one damn lighter -- it 's hell on cigar smoker . countess ( apply lighter to she little pipe ) filthy habit , cigar . pajetta sniff , eye the countess , and glance significantly at Napier who also recognize the aroma from the little pipe . kessler enter and survey the smoking room . countess / ( tipping pipe at he ) join I , Colonel ? goer adore it . angle on steward schulz 92 open door to alcove , point . : schulz right in here on the bar . the pen stand upright for more than two hour .. that 's how steady the . . '' hindenburg fly . . '' bartender balla set a beer in front of Breslau . in b.g. Vogel enter . osborne , a ivy-leaguer wear a‘college blazer and puffing a carve meerschaum pipe , pretend to play solitaire while gird himself to approach the countess . napier let 's have a go at it ourselves , shall we ? ( look around ) who have a pen ? continued '' ns # 02075 33 on 92 continued : 92 Napier see the pen in Breslau 's breast . pocket . ' " napier , ( lift Breslau 's pen ) 's D ' you mind , old boy ? breslau ( jolted ) yes ... I need my pen . 93 close on kessler 93 narrowly watch Breslau . napier' voice not for a few minute , surely . 94 another angle from bar-alcove . . 94 as Napier move to the bar and stand the pen on it , other gather around . . napier fifty quid the bally pen'll be topple in less than a hour . ay '' . breslau '' . ( reach for pen ) @ this be nonsense . hobbling over , pajetta hook he cane onto Breslau 's arm . pajetta you have not finish you beer yet , sir . - ( to Napier ) I will take that bet . : napier righto . anyone else ? osborne ? ( indicate blazer crest ) you will defend the honor of old eli , will not you ? osborne ( Harvard accent ) it 's Harvard . continued '' ns 94 95 #02075 34 continued 94 napier a hundred , do you say ? the gentle - man from Yale bet a hundred dollar . osborne I do not say that . .i --- he clam up as the countess laugh and drift over languidly . countess what shall we bet , Colonel ? the honor of the third Reich also hang in the balance . kessler ( closely observe pen ) on such a thin thread ? countess five hundred mark it stand eight hour . ( teasing ) will you watch it through the night with I , Colonel ? breslau . ( reach to pen ) I tell you I need it . kessler grab the pen and move swiftly . behind the bar . t , : : kessler sorry , all bet be off . he drop the pen into the bar sink and open it carefully under water . he look , pause , take the pen from the water and put it in he pocket . the bettor screen off by the bar regard he in mystification . come from behind the bar , kessler grasp Breslau by the arm . kessler Mr. Breslau , please come with I . breslau what in hell 's go on ? kessler hustle he through the door lock . int . breslau cabin - night . 95 kessler shake four diamond from inside the pen onto the write table . Breslau sit on the bed .... continued ns # 02075 35 95 continued 95 breslau ... when they come to I , I refuse to do it . they bring it to my daughter anyhow . she do not know what it be ; neither do my wife . , kessler be you relative Jews ? breslau ( rise ) damn you , yes ! my grandmother be a Jew . look here , Colonel . I import a lot of german surgical instrument . you can bet the manu - facturer . will not be so sensitive about my grandmother 's background . kessler Mrs. milstein . breslau yes . they want I to sell the diamond so they could get out of Germany . do they name have to co be part of it now ? you know what ' could Happen to they . kessler shrug , put the pen in he pocket . 7 kessler ( hand he diamond , poker - face ) — : just make sure you declare this to U. S. custom . 7 ( tapping he pocket ) I be keep the pen for the gestapo museum . - kessler leave . Thunder rumble outside 's the ship . 96 ext , the hindenburg - night - matte : 96 as she fly through a darken sky , there 's a flash of lightning in the distance . ° 97 int . " a " deck promenade and dine SALOON - night 97 i sp-gee\ ce ] lightn , follow by more thunder , slashes past frighten '' passenger at the observation window . continued 98 #02075 36 continued . 97 other hurry from table in the dining saloon where a late supper be be serve . rain , sounding like surf , belt down on the linen outer skin . steward macher close a window near mild and irene Breslau . , , angle on . channing ' table in dine SALOON 98 Joe spah occupy a third place at they table for two . spah yeah , when I see you dog it be do good . . bess that be real kind , Joe . Channing pour champagne for bess , go to fill Joe 's glass . spah ( turn over glass ) never touch the stuff . nearby lightning flare , follow instantly by a crash of thunder .. flinch , Channing spill some wine . spah thrust he hand into a napkin , deftly fashion it into a puppet and mop up the wine . channing . ' ( fill own glass ) .- it look like we moment of truth have come . spah ( make puppet speak ) so okay , Mr. Channing . I be gonna tell you the truth about Joe . he bribe the guy to be at you table . he 's a big admirer . but that 's not the real reason . . 2 ° ( without puppet now ; earnestly ) the real reason be I would like to be in you new show , Mr. Channing . I be work on this new act . a Zep act . Real sophisticated . per - foct for a show like yours . > bess ( transfix by storm ) sugar , next time let 's take the Titanic . continued 100 ' lol 102 103 ( i #02075 37 continued 98 they can almost hear the next jag bolt sizzle past , and this time the crash of thunder shake the ship . omitted : , 99 int , control gondola - night . 100 rip of lightning outside the darken gondola elongate the black figure of the man and distort they face . : lehmann ( point ) over there , Max .. see it ? a open in the storm . pruss ( to helmsman ) Alter course 30 degree right , frenkel . head for that light spot . pruss ( to Chief sauter ) forward . engine to half . ( aside to lehmann ) we would better slow down in this tur - bulence . that 's how you american friend lose all they ship . omitted - - 102 ext , the hindenburg - night - matte . 102 she sail on to . clear sky and starlight . int . cabin of kessler and vogel - night : '' 103 kessler on the lower bunk study the dossier supply he by the ss . vogel finish brush he tooth . _ '' yogel + . oo that pen incident -- it 's obvious you be look for a bomb . kessler stare at he coldly . vogel ( climb into upper ) only obvious to I , that be . I know he be the kind for diamond , not bomb . continued '' ns # 02075 38 ro 103 continued . 103 _ ) vogel ( cont would ) ~ ( stretch out ) I could have tell you Breslau be a Jew . all the characteristic : brachycephalic skull , heavy lower jaw , kinky hair , skin --- kessler Breslau happen to be just one - quarter jewish . Vogel snort . kessler turn a page of the dossier . kessler only in Berlin be everyone so pure . the world be mongrelize , Vogel . we have all shape of head . to choose from here . can you x- ray eye see inside they ? 104 int . smoking room - night 104 Napier , pajetta , osborne , and a business man play card . the tape be miss from the tip of pajetta 's cane . kessler' voice Major Napier , for one , who have no traceable income , but make frequent . trip on luxury liner . a good way to pick up information from impor - tant people . why suddenly the hindenburg ? his big earlobe make I think he 's a british spy . vogel' voice there 's no need for sarcasm , Colonel .. 105 int , 's " a " deck promenade - night . 105 Douglas pace the empty deck . : : . vogel' voice May - I humbly suggest 's that Mr. Edward Douglas also bear watch ? so very afraid we will arrive late . kessler' voice KS he 's head of the foreign branch of bb a advertising company in Berlin . S they big account be pharmaceutical . continued on 105 106 107 #02075 39 continued kessler' voice ( cont would ) but he collect information from german plant that supply part for the hindenburg . Douglas swing into the foyer , stop at the progress map and study it . worriedly . vogel' voice America prepare for war , too . kessler' voice he be Naval Intelligence during the last one . stay abroad . go into advertising . but he 's careful not to advertise he business this trip . : vogel' voice Joe spah be just the opposite . he would do anything to get he name in the paper . . int . spah be cabin - night spah do a backbend from the upper - bunk and pick up a object from the floor . the japanese diplomat in the lower stare at he . upside down , spah hand he the horn-rim he 's retrieve . the japanese smile and bow . spah bow back , drop all the way and stand on ‘his head . kessler' voice he 's just a clown . _.. vogel' voice a clown who refuse to perform for the fuehrer to be. on this flight . also he spend a week . in Moscow . to see the Russian circus -- he say . you can not deny spah have a > unfriendly attitude . ressler be * voice a lot of people fail to see all we endear quality . vogel' voice which be well display in the countess . how do you happen to know she ? omitted 105 106 107 ns # 02075 40 108 int . a passageway forward - night 108 the countess move warily . she be look for a certain door . kessler' voice her husband and I be member of the same fly club in the day before the luftwaffe . he be kill in a crash and she go back to she family estate . have not see she in year . vogel' voice ah , a rich widow with a estate . kessler' voice yes , she 's from a very distinguished North baltic family . a von reugen from peenemunde . vogel be voice - peenemunde ? at the mouth of the oder ? kessler' voice right . she own half the island . the countess find the door she want , open it cautiously . Radio Officer speck sit at the equipment , manicure he nail . vogel' voice . not any more . peenemunde 's just : een take over by weapon Research . some big new development in rocket . if she know what 's go on there , it 's risky let she out of the = country . speck sense something , turn . at first he look surprised , then delighted . he beckon she in . ° * kessler' voice ' , . I would say it be risky for the ship 's photographer to step out of line with the countess . speck carefully check the passageway . vogel' voice maybe so , but if I be you , kessler , I would find out just how much she really know before I let she off this ship . the door close . continued ns # 02075 41 108 continued . 108 oy . kessler' voice , _/ ( annoyed ) I intend to . but you stay away from she . 109 int . crew's quarter - night '' 109 as boerth look on , cabin Boy flakus play checker with grimy mechanic ludecke . boerth stop young flakus from make a bad move , show he a good one . ludecke protest angrily . vogel' voice ( a sarcastic click - ing sound , then ) Fine with I . tomorrow this photog - rapher might take ' some picture of '' the crew . find out what the common people be think . kessler' voice ~ they say the rigger Eric boerth have a mistress who work in the Berlin branch of a french bank . 110 int . cabin of kessler and vogel - night . 110 vogel ~ ( sit up ) . where do you hear that ? : kessler I also hear she 's be around . boerth 's not the first . her name | be freda halle . vogel i. understand boerth 's a good man , a Hitler youth troop leader . . . . ( beat ) . . : by the way , be I a suspect , too ? . kessler . you ? you be my staunch ally , my teammate , my good right arm -- the gestapo . vogel ridiculous . where would you get such a idea ? ~ continued #02075 42 continued 110 . kessler ( hold up dossier ) detaile information about everyone but otto Vogel . all it say about he be ' official hindenburg photog - rapher . ' vogel ( smugly ) gestapo source of information be really excellent . kessler maybe not quite so good as you think . ( raise dossier ) this fail to mention that Colonel kessler do not like gestapo method , do not use they and -- ( toss notebook into he bunk ) I do not want you operate behind my back . . Vogel lean against the linen wall , stare hard at he . kessler yawn and stretch out on he bunk . oo kessler that 's why we be cabin-mate . cuT to closeup - the bomb : , : 11 hold in the same hand , but behind it now be the throb of the ship 's engine establish beyond all doubt that the bomb be aboard the hindenburg . fade out .- psa 112 113 co 114 115 #02075 43 fade . in ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - the state department - day 112 a title : U.S. state department , tuesday , may 4 , 9 a.m. - int . the undersecretary's office - day 113 undersecretary hanford I be sorry , Dr. luther . I hate to think Captain lehmann will be wast - ing he time here . luther ( hand he 's rauch letter ) well , perhaps this at least will persuade State to arrange the appointment for he . . hanford ( as he read ) you know how Congress feel about helium . they be afraid chancellor Hitler would use it for military --- he stop and finish the letter with rise concern . hanford good lord , Dr. luther , what 's be > do about this ? : : lutber __ everything possible to guarantee ~~ the safety of the airship . but the oo chief danger to the hindenberg be America 's monopoly of helium . if anything happen , Mr. hanford , the catastrophe could be blame on you country . . yo ' cur to ~ . ext . the hindenberg -- day - miniature , 114 sparkle in the sunlight , she cruise above a calm Atlantic . int . foyer - day - close on map of route 115 cabin Boy flakus advance the little flag to a point 200 mile off the irish coast . 117 118 119 #02075 44 int . radio room - day enter , kessler hesitates as he see the 2nd Radio Officer with speck . : ' kessler . Mr. lessing , would you wait outside a moment , please ? lessing certainly , Colonel . with a sidewise glance at speck , he leave . kessler get this message off to gestapo headquarters , Berlin . attention hufschmidt . ( dictating to speck ) send result of freda halle sur - veillance so far . also run check on halle lover before boerth -- sign kessler . fas speck finish type ) destroy that when it 's send and record the message by code . number . speck yessir . he begin tapping out the message on the wireless key .' : . : int . hull - day - close on navigator' perch on a platform above the middle catwalk , von bauer shoot sunline through the plexiglass bubble in the skin . angle straight down ventilator shaft sunlight filter through the fabric skin into the shaft . steward kirsch ; follow by Channing , appear on the lower catwalk below the shaft . ; moving shot - channing and kirsch on lower catwalk channing we do not like the dog so far away . suppose something happen ? continued 116 117 118 119 120 #02075 45 continued 119 kirsch impossible , Mr. Channing . you dog be travel first class as good as the passenger . the sound of excited bark come from a freight room aft . : kirsch see ? she agree . : a voice kirschi kirsch , with a pain expression , stop abruptly . another angle . 120 kessler bear down on they . kessler what be you do take a pas - senger into the ship 's interior ? channing just a minute , Colonel . when we buy we ticket we be tell we could visit we dog . kessler that may be , Mr. Channing , but the ship 's interior be now off limit to passenger . ( hard at kirsch ) no matter how much 's anyone . tip . . '' igesture Channing . forward ) now please .... as Channing start off , the dog o.s. bark loudly . channing ; '' ( whirling ) '' damn it , I be , go to see my dog . he stumble try to get past kessler who steady he . kessler passenger be bar for they own safety . ( point down ) take a look , Mr. Channing . if you fall , you would go right through into the sea . Channing , still furious , glance down . sk 121 #02075 46 int . officer ' mess - day - closeup - pruss 121 pruss last year passenger be per - mitte inside the hulI , but not this voyage . pull back to the channing who confront pruss with kessler beside he . channing ( angrily ) typical . you be run the ship . like a concentration camp . pruss I agree that I be run this ship . bess . you can go to hell . no , I take it back . that would be better than Germany be today . kessler I be curious , Mr. and Mrs. Channing . why would people like yourselves wtake the hindenburg ? channing ( heatedly ) if you must know , only because my wife . --- . ° bess stop he with a look . channing -+- my wife get seasick on boat . kessler ( smile at bess ) the Zeppelin company could not have a better recommendation . : ' pruss I will assign the cabin boy to visit you dog every watch and report back to you . Fair enough ? kessler ( smile ) now let 's talk about the arrangement for you concert , Mr. Channing . continued sk # 02075 47 121 continued 121 channing d' you really think I will go through with it now ? pruss I announce the concert . I be sure you will not disappoint we . channing ( pause ; a edge ) okay . you be the captain . you want a concert -- ( spread he hand ) -- there will be a concert . 122 insert - a message form 122 handwritten : '' hawk two behind early stanzas stop how much cushion down shark ninth advise . " lehmann voice it 's obviously in some private code . 123 int . radio room ~ day 123 lehmann , kessler and speck puzzle over the message . ' . kessler in any case it require a answer which : we will see before Douglas . that give we a advantage . lehmann true. ( to speck ) go ahead and send it . 124 - ext . the hindenburg - day - miniature . 124 as she be swallow up in heavy fog . 125 int . control gondola ~- day 125 ége the gondola be shroud in the grey gloom of the fog . = continued '' sk # 02075 48 125 continued 125 mt ) pruss ( to elevatorman ) take she down below the fog layer , han . . lehmann but no lower than 100 foot . 126 int . kessler - vogel cabin and passageway - day 126 kessler pulil on a sweater and go into the passageway . he stop , sniff , zero in on a door he throw open . 127 int . the countess ' cabin - day 127 in elegant deshabille at the write desk , she apply a gold lighter to she odd little pipe . - countess ( between puff ) by all mean , come right in , franz . kessler where would you get that lighter ? countess from we hot-bloode radio operator . a kessler , give it to I , countess . twist away , she sit on the settee ( bed make up for day ) . kessler ( extend he palm ) behave Ursula . you know it 's dangerous . countess . .. - . ( lolling back ) , : . franz , I have learn the new game . break all the rule . it 's much more fun for people like we than the butcher and shoe clerk in they Brown shirt . because , you see , we make the rule . do kessler ap ( grasp she wrist ) I make this one . continued sk # 02075 49 127 continued 127 7 he pries open she finger and take the lighter . countess - ( a weary sigh ) go ahead . take it . ( gesture ) help yourself to anything else . that 's the official policy , be not it ? ( shrugging ) * they have already take my house and my land . kessler so I hear . a great sacrifice . it be most generous of you . countess generous ? I scream bloody mur - der . good God , if I tell you what they be do at peenemunde , franz --- kessler ( grasp she shoulder ) ~ you do not know , Ursula . no one do . if they think you do , you would not be allow to leave the country . listen to I . without , any question ask or answer , you miade a great sacrifice for the fatherland . . ( hard emphasis ) * do you understand ? she stare at he , then slowly nod . kessler ( release she gently ) good . > '' > countess . ( a deliberate tran - formation ) why anyone would want that wretch island , I '1l never know . do I tell you , franz , that I have finally get rid cf it ? ( pick up picture of she daughter ) trudi will be delighted , too . she 's grow up rather nicely , I think . she will be at the air - field . perhaps you will see she . continued jv # 02075 50 127 continued - 2 127 kessler beautiful child . nlook up ) I hear you say she 's at school in Boston . that 's marvelous . countess yes , and do very well there . it 's a school for the deaf , you know . the best , I be tell . trudi 's learn to speak now and lip-read . this. summer we will --- suddenly she gasp and drop the picture . the cabin have turn a eerie blue . 128 int . " a " deck promenade - day . 128 the whole ship glow the same eerie blue . the passenger at tea on the banquette look in terror at spark dance off they finger . people come run from they cabin and the lounge . kessler hurry onto the promenade with the countess who have the white cape over she shoulder . -@\ 129 kessler' point of view 129 of '' pajetta and Napier rush from the lounge . spot kessler , pajetta remember he 's : crippled , pull up short and lean heavily on he cane . 130 close on kessler - : 130 have see . and. well - note pajetta 's sudden agility . 131 angle toward ocean . a hundre feet below : 131 become visible as ' the Zeppelin descend through the fog . + excite voice over > pa were. on fire ... it 's crash ... I smell gas ... harold ! 132 full on promenade 132 the spark stop and the blue glow fade . lehmann , smile reassurance , appear on deck . continued 132 133 " # 02075 51 continued 132 lehmann , please . do not be upset . you have just be treat to a harmless display of St. elmo 's fire . excite voice what 's that ?... I know gas when I smell it .... lehmann ( chuckle ) no , no , no . as the ship come through the fog , we accumulate a electrical charge -- like a child shuffle he shoe across a carpet . but we be in no danger of conduct the electricity , since we be at a altitude of one hundred foot . kessler curiously watch pajetta limping off with Napier . angle on the countess . 133 drawing she cape around she , she contemplate the sea through a open window . kessler stop beside she . . countess marvelous sensation on a airship ... float ... timeless .... , kessler inconspicuously toss the lighter in he hand ; then drop it into the sea . she look at he mischievously . kessler _ do you still play card , Ursula ? . . countess ( flatly ) why ? - : kessler ° ; . : . Major Napier and pajetta . . they . . pique my professional curiosity . countess I have be proposition frequently , but this be the first time I have be recruit by the luftwaffe . that be what you be do , be not it , franz ? continued 134 135 136 137 138 #02075 ' 52 continued 133 kessler yes ... with apology . countess ( laugh ) I will give you ten percent of my winning .. if you rememher , I be good at game of chance , kessler you be in the right place . countess ( a puzzle look ) now that 's . a odd thing to say . int . lounge .- night 134 rearrange for Channing 's concert ... crowded . unoccupy be - serve seat for the Captain be in the front row . some off - duty crewmen , include boerth , congregate on the promenade deck . many passenger be in evening dress . at the piano , Channing wait for the beautifully gown countess to find a seat . Men pop up all over , offer they place , but she settles in splendid isolation in the Captain 's row . Channing start to play . two shot - kessler and vogel 135 '' at the back , kessler nod to Vogel . they quietly slip out . '' full on lounge : 136 Channing play a medley of show tune write by other . int . spah' cabin -. night 137 Vogel search through spah 's suitcase . he find a gun , in - spect it ... a toy gun ... another doll . he pull . off the head look inside . * nothing but stuff . he jam the head back , 's stick the doll . in the suitcase and close it hurriedly with some force . a paper flutter off the write table . he pick it up . insert - the paper 138 it bear a sketch of the interior of the hindenburg 's stern . ' they go through the content but find only business letter #02075 53 int . douglas ' cabin - night 139 from the wardrobe kessler pull a attache case emboss with Douglas 's name . lock . excite , Vogel come in . vogel : . '' ( hand paper . . to kessler ) . spah make this sketch of the ship 's interior . ( self -satisfy ) now what do you think of you pet clown ? kessler he 's show we where to look for he next trick . ( hand he case ) see if you can open this . vogel ( disdainfully ) Standard combination . holding the lock to he ear he open it expertly by use he sense of touch and hearing . vogel simple for a man who know he job . kessler . . mine do not require pick lock . and layout for toothpaste ad . . kessler Douglas get rid of that airport cable fast . ( close case ) we will . have to wait for the answer to the one he send . . vogel . oglance at watch ) how long be this concert go to last ? kessler no tell , but I ask the Captain to arrive fifteen minute late . 3 free 140 141 #02075 54 int . cabin of napier and pajetta - close on a strange device 140 make of two cardboard disc fastened together with a brass split pin . the top disc , inscribe with numeral , have a window . as the lower disc be rotate , word appear in the window : " operation k " ... " passage " ... " raid " ... " Mr. chandu . " vogel' voice a coding device . pull back to kessler and Vogel . study the device beside a open backgammon board contain assort currency . kessler . I have never see one like it . vogel . luftwaffe Intelligence have . be too busy sun themselves in Spain . he turn the disc until " operation k " appear in the window . kessler . what do you think that stand for , Vogel -- operation kraut , knockwurst , or kosher ? kessler take the device , return it .to the backgammon board . vogel what more do you need to arrest Napier and pajetta ? kessler my order be to move quietly . be - . side , when you surface a spy and he do not know it , you can use he to you own advantage . vogel . ( a tight. smile ) you go to you church , I will go to mine --— or should I say synagogue , : . . . Colonel ? . kessler some day , Vogel , all that nastiness inside you gut be go to back up and choke you . int . the lounge - night - favoring napier and pajetta 141 Channing play the score from babe in arm . pajetta , despite Napier 's arm dig , fight a lose battle to stay awake . psa # 02075 55 142 close on channing 142 ) he switch abruptly to a lively version of " come , josephine in my Flying Machine , " seguee into " bei mir bist du schoen . " 143 angle on captain pruss | 143 with several officer , he enter and go to he front row seat . the audience applaud pruss who bow a jovial 's acknowl - edgment and sit beside the countess . 144 angle toward back of room 144 kessler appear with Vogel . ' vogel that 's the latest big hit in America -- naturally . 145 angle on channing 145 he beckon the crew member on the deck forward . channing _ with you permission , Captain . pruss nod graciously and the man move closer . . ue channing ( to audience ) for the first time in public I be . go to playa number from my up - — — come show . Mr. Joe spah have _ kindly agree to take part in we little entertainment . ( pointedly ) I hope you like it , Captain . . as spah come from he seat , a ripple of excitement go : through the audience . , 4 146 angle on channing and spah : . 146 Channing play and now sing the lyric in he pleasant non - professional voice . the word purport to be in praise of Nazis and they good work . but what spah dance and panto - mime be a sendup of the Nazis . produ ing . . prop by sleight - of - hand , he turn himself into Hitler , a dive -bombér , a Aryan maiden , a goose -stepping Brown shirt , etc. , all perform action the opposite of what Channing 's kindly word describe . J cc 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 #02075 ' 56 intercut on audience at first there be confuse silence , then a undercurrent of whisper . after awhile a few people giggle nervously . ' angle on the countess seat beside the : Captain , . she have she hand to she mouth try desperately to suppress she laughter . close on douglas he throw back he head and laugh outright . other near he now relax and laugh . angle on kessler and vogel as kessler 's smile widen , Vogel 's scowl deepen . kessler catch himself and glance off toward the crew member . many be displease or bewilder . kessler' point of view - crew on promenade ~ favoring boerth boerth be and smile . his eye meet kessler 's . closeup - kessler he regards , boerth with a slight lift of he brow . angle on the captain party - favoring countess she give way to she laughter , wiping she eye . several . officer also iaugh out of politeness . pruss freeze they with a look and stand . his officer rise with he . pruss step to the piano and gently lower the cover to stop ; Channing 's play . . - angle on spah halting in mid-act and look back to see what 's happen to the music . when he absorb the situation , he turn himself into a ss motorcyclist complete with swastikas on the tail . propel by he own engine noise , he zoom off . 147 148 149 150 151 152 — 153 154 cc 155 156 157 158 159 160 161 and 162 163 #02075 : 57 close on pruss and channing . 155 pruss ( with a edge ) thank you so much , Mr. Channing . unfortunately you humor be not the same as ours . good night , sir . full on room - favoring bess 156 she come to Channing , stick a flower in he buttonhole , kiss he . in the Captain 's wake , the audience quickly exit . angle past kessler ' and vogel 157 as Channing leave with he wife on he arm he bow . cordially to. they . kessler , smile faintly , watch they go . vogel you be amused . kessler relieved . there 's nothing explosive in word : and music . int . stern ventilator shaft - night - straight down shot 158 muffled in shadow , a crewman climb up the shaft . only as he near camera can boerth be recognize . + 's . . reverse up angle 159 boerth peer up the shaft to the top , inspect it closely , then turn and disappear down the tunnel - like catwalk . angle down shaft to lower catwalk 160 a figure appear on the catwalk below . as he turn he face upwards ‘to survey the length of the shaft , . the heavily shadow feature be seén to be kessler " 's . 161 omitted : and 162 middle catwalk - head on shot 163 boerth approach on the catwalk . he stop , look around carefully , feel gas cell 2 and 3 for pressure . he pause , check one bag again and come to a decision . y mte 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 172 #02075 58 another angle : 164 climb along the rope between gas cell 2 and 3 , sometimes half hide among the fold which he examine , boerth work he way abeam to the framework where the starboard . horizontal stabilizer join the hull . int . bottom of lower fin - night 165 a figure come . down the stair into the brood , complexly structure area at the lowest : point in the ship . groping a moment , kessler hit a light switch . - int . narrow space between gas cell 2 and 3 - night 166 the effect of the light here be like a sudden illumination of a weird seascape on the ocean floor . angle on boerth | : 167 startle , fleck with light , he step back . his foot come down on a tension wire . close on wire . . 168 as boerth 's foot leave it , the wire break , lash back into the horizontal stabilizer and cut the fabric skin . int , lower fin - close down angle on kessler 169 he_hears something , look up sharply , strain to one side . kessler' point of view - almost straight up 170 he can dimly make out a figure scramble from the rope onto the middle catwalk , then quickly disappear forward . '' *. angle on kessler . a ' 171 Pan with he as he go quickly up the stair . angle on middle catwalk 172 as boerth force himself to a leisurely stop between cell 3 and 4 and look down the narrow space . fw 172-a 172-b 172 -c 172-d 173 c a 173 - a 173-3 #02075 59 boerthas point of view 172 - a from he restrict vantage 's point he see kessler approach the top of the stair from the fin . closer on boerth , 172 - B peer down , he recognize the Colonel with a sardonic smile . closer on . kessler 172 -' mount the stair , try to recognize the figure above he . kessler' point of view . 172- D the figure start to climb down toward he on the rope . ext . hindenburg - night - close on starboard stabilizer 173 the small tear in the fabric with the snap wire protrude widen slightly . angle on lower catwalk 173-a as boerth drop into frame and turn to face kessler . kessler . ( a beat ) it 's you , boerth . what the devil be you do ? boerth routine inspection , Colonel . kessler . inspecting what ? > boerth ' oe I be check gas valve , sir . a rigger 's duty . tight two shot . 173 - B study boerth , kessler nod to himself . boerth meet he long stare coolly . : boerth ( finally ) anything I can help you with , sir ? continued a fw 173-3 173-c 173-d 173- E 173-f #02075 60 continued 173-1 kessler regards boerth thoughtfully . the only sound be the drum of the diesel . kessler ( probing ) . . I understand you be a Hitler youth troop leader . boerth yes , sir . kessler but you have not be active for the last two year . boerth only because of the hindenburg , sir . I help build she at friderichshafen , then last year make all ten trip . kessler nod ironically . boerth if that 's all , sir , I will carry on with my duty . ~ Pan boerth as he move down the step to the bottom of the stern . , angle on kessler 's 173 - '' he start to go , hesitates , turn . kessler boerth . kessler' point of view on boerth ' 173- 1 at the bottom of , the stair . boerth stop , look back : close on kessler 173-1 kessler ( softly ) I wonder what you be really do , boerth . close on boerth 173- 4 deadpan . continued '' fw 173-f 173- G 174 175 176 #02075 61 continued 173-5 boerth my duty , sir . he flip off the light switch and become a dark shadow among darker one . low angle toward kessler 173 - '' silhouett at the top of the stair . he turn abruptly and move away on the lower catwalk . omitted 174 ext . a house on a suburban american STREET - day 175 two man ring the doorbell and wait , hat in hand . a title : milwaukee , wednesday , may 4 , 6:45 a.m. kathie rauch in a bathrobe open the door . Three cat scurry out . the man show credential . : first agent we be from the FBI , Mrs. rauch . we would like to talk to you . kathie - g-men ? oh , lordy , lordy . you be sure you have the right party ? second agent ( push in ) yes mar 'am . int . rauch live room ~ day 176 kathie , a cat on she lap , sit 's in a rocker . the two agent stand on either side . | . : _ first agent ( show letter ) then you confirm that this be you letter in you own handwrite to the german ambassador ? kathie I certainly do . and everything in ~ it will happen just like I say . tomorrow the Zeppelin will fly ever New York City and blow up . I know it for a fact . continued fw # 02075 62 77 '' 176 continued 176 second agent how do you know it , Mrs. rauch ? kathie because two week ago I see it in a vision clear as crystal . I be clairvoyant and I be never wrong . just ask any of the neighbor . ( agent react ) . I also predict bette Davis will play the part of scarlett o'hara in the movie , and the Duke of Windsor will never marry Mrs. Simpson .... 177 ext . the hindenburg - day - long shot - miniature 177 scudd cloud ... the ocean below rough and spume . 178 closeup of tear in outer skin of stabilizer - day 178 yq the stiff wind whip the inch-long tag of linen . 179 int . radio room - day 179 with kessler at he shoulder , speck finish take down a messagé come from the wireless in dot - and -dash , and swing toward the typewriter ... kessler — just read it from the shorthand . speck " check information that former lover of freda halle be kill . fight for leftist in Spain -- > * sign , hufschmidt . ' > kessler lift the paper from speck and tear it.up. kessler send this to hufschmidt . ( dictating ) interrogate freda halle about bomb . have several suspect but no evidence -- sign , kessler . 180 ext . the hindenburg - day - close on stabilizer 180 the tear , whipped by the strong wind , widen a fraction . '' lot oy 181 182 183 184 185 C 186 187 #02075 63 int . " a " deck promenade - day 181 at a window the businessman peer through binocular . binocular shot ~ distant icebergs 182 businessman' voice brrr ... iceberg .... angle on vogel 183 lowering he camera as people hurry to the window . vogel too far away to photograph . near he irene pose . he wink and snap she picture . omitted . _ 184 ext . the hindenburg - day - close on stabilizer 185 lashed by the wind , the tear extend another few inch . int . the lounge ~- day - angle on the countess 186 at , the piano , she play a chopin waltz with deep feel . | kessler ( dip in ) you play beautifully but I wish you . be play card . : countess Three this afternoon . ' she close she eye and let the music flow through she . kessler stand quietly watch she . 2 . > > int . lower fin - day '' 487 boerth and flakus play with the dog , heidi . . flakus you would not say anything about I take she down here , would you ? boerth Hell , I have be do it since we leave . continued -lf - # 02075 64 > , 187 continued . : 187 J flakus ~ ( grin ) what do you call this kind of dog ? boerth she 's a- dalmatian .. they use to follow behind . carriage , do not you girl ? they need a lot of exercise . from o.s. there 's a rip noise and a staccato sound like violently flap sail . the dog bolt . flakus dash after she shouting . 188 angle on boerth 188 reacting to the noise , he hurriedly start to ascend the framework of the fin toward the sound . he stop dead , stare up . 189 boerthas point of view - narrow space between cell 2 and 3 189 4 he see a play of light and shadow as though in conjunction co with the heavy tattoo beat on the stern of the ship . 190 angle on boerth . 190 he scramble higher in the fin for a better look : 190-a close shot - a great gash in the skin of the stabilizer 190 - 2 see through the framework where stabilizer join hull . 190-b angle on boerth . : 190 - 1 . scramble instantly over to the nearest phone station on the middie catwalk , snatching up the receiver . . . 191 ext . the hindenburg - day - favoring stabilizer 191 shred from the open wound flap in the gale - force wind . 192 int . control gondola - day 192 the wheel jerk in helmsman frenkel 's grip . instantly a second man join he mate to hold it steady . watch Officer dimmler spin from the phone to the Captain . continued '' lot 192 193 194 194 - a 195 #02075 65 continued . 192 dimmler skin on starboard stabilizer rip loose , sir . pruss +» ( instantly ) nose - up one degree , engine three and four idle , forward engine a quarter speed . {to lehmann ) you handle the : repair , lehmann . i'11 stay on the bridge . lehmann hurry out as engineer sauter ring the order on the engine telegraph . int . hull - lower catwalk - angle on flakus 193 wildly chase the dog . play a game , heidi double back , dodge to get past flakus , and fall . int . upper fin - day . 194 held by rope , riggers knorr 'and boerth start up the girder to a hatch . the heavy flap sound of the shred flog the ship continue . felber and ludecke , the anchormen for the rope , ascend behind the riggers and stop below the hatch , '' _ lash themselves to girder . third rigger neuhaus arrive with a ' new section of fabric . long . down . shot to bottom of_stern _.. : 194 - with kessler beside he , lehmann be on the phone at the emer - gency steering station here . his voice be lose in the pound - ing noise and whistling rush of air through the rip skin . int . control gondola , - day . 195 " grunting and sweat , the elevatorman and ' helmsmian whip they wheel one way , then - the-other to keep the ship stable . pruss hang up the phone , turn to sauter . - pruss forward engine a quarter ahead , aft engine idle . sauter relay the order on the engine telegraph . continued lf 195 196 197 198 199 #02075 66 continued 195 dimmler ( at altimeter ) Captain , we be lose altitude . '' pruss cold air hit the gas bag . . the -hydrogen lose lift . - sauter more - power , sir ? : pruss no . the riggers would be sweep overboard . by : the wind . what 's the altitude now ? dimmler 906 foot , sir . pruss rate of descent ? dimmler thirty foot a minute . pruss '' that give . they about twenty - five minute . ext . hatch in upper fin - day : . 2196 in the open - hateh , : boerth drop 'a ' rope ladder ‘to the stabi - lizer below . caught : in the wind , the ladder angle aftward . int . upper fin - day 197 boerth check to make sure the upper end of the ladder , tie down by knorr beside he , be securely fastened to ' the hatch framework . , 2 . ext . hatch and ladder - day . 198 as the ladder straighten a moment , boerth emerge and start down it . with no one to anchor the bottom of the ladder , it sway back dangerously during boerth 's descent . ext . stabilizer - day 199 with he weight boerth steady the ladder as knorr descend . 199 - B 200 200 - a 201 202 #02075 67 another angle . on stabilizer . 199 - a move along a beam beneath the skin , hitched together by ' the safety rope , they crawl forward to . the tear . a flail shred . snap knorr viciously across the eye . he grunt . momentarily blind , he start to slide off , pull boerth with he . int . upper fin - angle on ludecke and felber 199 - B they brace themselves and haul in on the safety rope . ext . stabilizer - day 200 boerth and knorr , hold by the rope , work they way back . int . control gondola ~ day 200 - a dimmler altitude eight hundred foot . pruss , strolling , nod and stop . pruss can not risk go below three hundred . ext . stabilizer - day - shoot forward past riggers - matte 201 the length of the giant Zeppelin stretch beyond they . on they hand and knee , buffete by the wind , they cut away the wildly flap shred with they riggers ' knife . int . control gondola = day 202 dimmler ( dron ) * altitude seven hundred foot , now lose forty - five foot a minute . pruss > Age engine to half . sauter hesitates . pruss look at he . pruss a little more breeze will not blow they away , sauter . we will gain some lift -- and a couple of minute . ( briskly ) aft engine half speed . sauter jump to relay the order on the engine telegraph . ( t™ cy '' la 203 204 205 206 . 207 208 #02075 68 ext . stabilizer - day - angle from nose toward tail - matte 203 along the great length of the ship . the loose shred have be cut away , the expose end of the skin sewn tight . appear no bigger than fly , the riggers crawl to the ladder and , stand , grip it to steady themselves . angle toward hatch . 204 the riggers receive the bundle of new fabric lower on a rope . they start to unfasten the bundle . lehmann 's head pop from the hatch . lehmann ( through megaphone ) you have only get about fifteen minute . from o.s. come the sound of the aft engine accelerate , provide more thrust into the wind . the section of fabric billow in the riggers ' hand , almost tear free . another angle 205 they fight . the flap fabric onto the expose stabilizer rib and lie on top of the fabric to keep it in place . knorr ( shouting ) Eric , you sew , you be the fastest . boerth get to he knee . knorr remain prone on the fabric . boerth go to work with he heavy sailmaker 's needle and palm . hampere by the rope , he cut . himself free from knorr . knorr , still tie to the safety rope , shake he head grimly . - int . " a " deck promenade - day 206 passenger at the window enthusiastically take photo . * a . '' heir point of view - the - icebergs . 207 off the port side . voice over gorgeous ... this be worth the whole trip ... what exposure be you use , Mr. . shimura ? angle on promenade 208 the Breslau boy play hopscotch . the sweet - face old lady with a brownie camera turn graciously to kirsch . continued an 208 > 209 210 211 212 213 214 #02075 69 continued . 208 sweet -face old lady it 's all right to tell the Captain he can go on now , kirsch . we have all the picture we want . omitted , 209 ext . hindenburg - day - matte 210 at five hundred foot , hover into the wind , she sink gradually toward the iceberg and the white - cap sea . another angle - starboard stablizier 211 most of the new skin have be fastened into place . the two riggers sew frantically , work they way down the tear . knorr ( one eye close ) go back before you swim back , Eric . we will finish . . 's boerth you go back , take care of you eye . int . hull -- at framework where stablizer join hull 212 lehmann look through the framework at the tear where outside ‘on the gtabliizer the riggers work . kessler be crouch be - side he examine something . the play of light and shadow indicate the progress of the worker 0.s. above as well as the unfasten end of new skin beat loudly in the wind . close on kessler 213 still crouch and examine what he hold in he hand -- the fragment of snap tension wire attach to the turnbuckle . thoughtful , troubled , he rise , look o.s .* toward the tear . int . control gondola - day - close on altimeter 214 at four hundred foot . pull back to pruss beside it . pruss stand by , sauter . when we be down to 300 , I want aft engine to full speed . ( pick up phone ) get the riggers inside . cc 215 216 and 217 218 219 220 , and 221 222 #02075 70 ext . the stabilizer - day - shoot toward hatch the riggers have reach the end of the gash . only the base end remain to be sewn down . lehmann voice ( through megaphone ) knorr .... . he look up quickly . omitted close on lehmann in hatch open he gesture the man back , point o.s. , and pantomime to indicate the propeller be go to speed up . angle on riggers knorr start for the ladder boerth continue to sew des - perately . knorr grab he arm . boerth oshake he off ) it 's not close . knorr look desperately from boerth to the rope ladder * slapping and sway beneath the hatch . lehmann tug urgently on the safety rope to which knorr alone be tie . knorr ie ! ( yell ) Eric : boerth hesitates , then crawl off with knorr to the ladder . boerth anchor it and knorr start up . omitted int . control gondola - day dimmler turn from the phone to pruss at the altimeter . dimmler one rigger still outside , Captain . boerth . pruss give no sign of have hear . 215 216 and 217 218 219 220 and 221 222 < 4 " cc 223 224 225 226 227 228 229 #02075 71 close on altimeter : " 223 the needle waver a fraction above 300 foot . dimmler' voice Captain ... boerth be still --- closeup - pruss , 224 eyes. on the altimeter . pruss ( curtly ) I hear you , dimmler . ext , stabilizer - day 225 boerth have return to the tear and be sewing down the base end , his hand move quick than the eye . close on boerth '' 226 he complete he last stitches , cut the line , tie it off , and turn to crawl to the sway ladder . int . control gondola - day 227 eye rivete on pruss , the - : man wait tensely . pruss look up from the altimeter and pause . : pruss aft engine full ahead , nose up . ext . stabilizer - day 228 in a half - crouch boerth reach the ladder and struggle part way up . then with a roar from the engine o.s. the ship plow into . the wind .. as the surge of air hit boerth , he be blow backwards on the ladder . the ’ship tilt up .. boerth can , only hang on for he life , and that barely . angle on hatch : 229 strain out the hatch , knorr and neuhaus , hold by man below they , haul up on the ladder until boerth be close enough to grab and pull inside . aan 7 cc 230 231 232 233 #02075 '' , 72 ° int . bottom of the stern - day in contrast to the glaring light topside it be dark - and cave-like . alone and unobserve , flakus climb laboriously up from the ship 's bottom , the squirming dog under he arm . ext . hindenburg - day - miniature with engine at full speed the ship drive forward and up . ext . the zeppelin company - day a title : frankfurt 4:05 p.m. a black mercede pull up to the clearly mark no - parking zone in front of the building . a policeman point to the red curb and gesture the car to move on . : int . ticket office of the zeppelin company - day a clerk guide freda halle to a large wall map of the hindenburg 's route . '' a swastika pin ' flag mark 's ' the : ship 's progress . clerk ' she 's about 7 hour late , but I assure you , madam , there 's no need to worry . : a ( point ) . ' ' she 's right here , 100 mile off . the coast of newfoundland . _ freda then they will not be landing until tomorrow afternoon . clerk ( ushere she out ) come back in the morning . we will know better then . > I he open the door . freda thank you so much . clerk ( bow , smile ) a pleasure . as she leave he smile fade . he nod to the street . 230 231 232 233 cc 234 235 236 237 238 #02075 73 ext . zeppelin company - day 234 freda emerge . two man instantly converge on she and whisk she into the mercede at the curb . the car pull out emit the doleful wail of the gestapo siren . people in the street , include the policeman , look the other way . insert - a radiogram ' : 235 shark on third and running stop squeeze be on sign hawk . sound : a knock on the door . kessler' voice come in . ext . radio room - day - shoot past kirsch 236 as he open the door and : enter . speck , tuning in a R. strauss - opera , be - behind . kessler - who seal a message in a envelope . kirsch close the door , bloukk camera . int . reading and writing room - day 237 Ed Douglas try to read . his leg jiggle nervously . kirsch nenter with kessler behind he . kessler peruse a wall dis - play of Zeppelin stamp . for sale . kirsch give Douglas he radiogram . Douglas absorb the message , then move to a desk , take a rca form , and start to write a reply . kirsch I will wait and take it to the radio room for you , Mr. Douglas . douglas ( write ) no thanks . I will do it myself . kirsch but sir , passenger be not allow --- '' potctas ° ( tipping he ) I know . here 's my special pass . int . foyer - day - close on bulletin board notice 238 in german and English : new time of arrival lakehurst - 3:05 p.m. , may 6 . mte # 02075 , 74 239 angle on douglas 239 stop to read the notice . upset , he change something on he rca form . from behind , kessler take Douglas by the arm . Douglas start . kessler I would like to see you , Mr. Douglas . douglas how about a drink later ? kessler tighten he grip and steer he down the passageway . kessler now . douglas the hell you say . kessler pull the message from he hand , open Douglas ' cabin door , and push he inside . 240 int . douglas ' cabin - day - close on message : 240 . al the unsent message be not in code : have fast car meet I fe , lakehurst 3 , pm running late timing close sign hawk . 241 angle on kessler and douglas : , 241 kessler ° ( look up ) you would better tell I about this , Mr. Douglas . . ( reach in 2 ) pocket ) and while you be at it also explain this in code . . . . douglas . . . I do not have to explain a damn ~ , .! ? thing to you . get out . : kesslier 's answer . be to lock the door . Douglas glance un - easily at he watch . kessler set it back to Frankfurt time , Douglas . that 's where a fast ) police car will . be meeting you in --- ( glance at ne watch ) roughly ninety - four hour -- barring accident , of course . continued i | mte 241 242 243 #02075 continued measure ext . new york CITY - day - a old municipal build a title : he , Douglas decide on another approach . douglas okay , I will tell you , kessler -- but you gotta let I send that message , it may mean the difference . kessler to what ? douglas to pull off the biggest deal of my life . right now I be in a race to beat . my competitor into New York . . kessler who ? douglas Fred seeman , head of seeman & poelzig . he 's on the Queen . Mary . he leave a day and a half before we . in the message we call he outfit the shark , mine the hawk . _ kessler ( half -smile ) by sea and by air and both carni - vorous . douglas you get the drift . tomorrow it '11 be announce that gmc have acquire . ' the opel motor company . the adver - tise account will be up for grab . the outfit get . there first will have the jump . that 's . the honest - to - God truth . now maybe you will tell I what you be so jumpy about , kessler . kessler ~ to find out if there be . a Fred seeman | aboard the° * Queen Mary . new york CITY police headquarters , 4:15 p.m. int . a SMALL panelled office - day a uniform Police Captain work at he desk call out in response to a knock : continued 241 242 243 #02075 76 ; continued 243 : captain : : yeah . 1 as ' the door open the inscription on it can be read : _ " Captain b.f. farley , special Intelligence . " a slim , serious plain - clothesman hustle in . captain Three hour . where you be , Baker ? all you have to do be phone the steamship line . baker ( open note - book ) that be the easy part , Captain . ( read ) . the individual Frederick seeman be on board the Queen Mary occupy - ing suite 312 first class C deck . ( look up ) it 's the other that take the time . ( read ) operation k , passage , raid . Mr. chandu . you know who they be ? . captain '' you be go to tell I any day now , be not you , Baker ? baker : * horse . captain ; what ? cee cone baker it. have I . stump so I contact the FBI . be my . face red . that be all name of race horse . now why would a german on a Zeppelin ask . we about the pony ? . of . captain . you get I . maybe he 's hear New York cop make book . maybe he think he will sneak over to monmouth and win a bundle . baker . yeah , it 's near lakehurst . ( consulting note ) two of the nag be run there ' tomorrow -- operation k and Mr. chandu . continued mte 243 will . no ? 244 245 sn #02075 77 continued - 2 : 243 captain . well , send he the odd . that 's what the guy probably want . close on another door 244 the frost glass be mark : " alien squad , Lt. A. lombardi . " behind the glass , the shadow of a man can be see and he voice faintly hear . int . alien squad room - day . 245 Lt. lombardi stand in front of a blackboard mark with assign - ment to steamship , among they the Queen Mary . lombardi address two man : detective Moore , a spare six - footer , and ~ he bullet - head partner , grunberger . lombardi you boy be go out to beautiful Jersey by special request of the - State Department . this time they get a luftwaffe colonel aboard , name of kessler . Big wheel in Intelligence . moore come to land a coupla espionage . > agent , maybe . . lombardi Don ' you expert let any damn Nazis slip into the country . . grunberger the blimp better not get too low over they Jersey wood . full of moonshiner . they will shoot at any .' big - ass bird fly over they still . lombardi . - the t-men be also send up a special custom squad from phila - delphia . byrne Duncan will be with they . moore Duncan 's from the Bureau of explosive . continued mte 245 246 247 -~ ad 248 # 02075 , 78 continued 245 . grunberger thanks a lot . now we get the picture . ext . the hindenburg - night - miniature 246 show red port and green starboard light , a white light on the stern and a luminous glow in the control gondola . the light on . the promenade wink out . montage 247 a ) radio room kessler wait . B ) smoking room Napier ; pajetta , the countess , osborne , and the japanese diplomat in a poker game .. C ) closeup ..of the bomb in the same hand as before . the saboteur 's eye lower to a inch of it , inspect the infernally compact mechanism . int . captain lehmann be ' cabin - night - 248 as kessler-enters , lehmann look up from a set of blueprint . a coffee pot and two demitass be on the table . '' lehmann — I think you might find : some time to relax now that the famous rauch letter turn . out to be froma crank . ( pour : coffee as kessler sit ) . the gestapo often exaggerate they information . a = a moment '' -- the kessler lift the ' blueprint . " kessler you building this ? . lehmann yes . my own design for a house in Zeppelinheim , a new village near the airfield . we be hope - continued #02075 79 continued 248 lehmann ( cont would ) a lot of we airship family will settle there . na knock ... lessing enter with a radiogram . lessing for you , Colonel . he deliver it and leave . kessler open the envelope . his face tighten as he read the message . kessler from the gestapo . boerth 's woman have be arrest . she 's confess she ex-lover be kill fight with the leftist in Spain . lehmann in the hand of the gestapo anyone can be force to confess anything . | kessler and in bed with he mistress , boerth could have be talk into a plot . lehmann '' what plot , Colonel ? a crank letter have be make into a ' matter of State . the purpose of exaggerate the bomb scare be to get helium . I go along 's with that . a . kessler there be other source of in - formation . lehmann perhaps no more valid than the letter . kessler I be no believer in the occult , like we Mrs. rauch , but I tell you , Captain , I have a uneasy sense of disaster . it 's almost as though a bomb be tick inside I . lehmann it 's a constant feel with some people in Germany this day . continued #02075 80 continued - 2 248 . lehmann ( cont would ) a decent man like you , Colonel , with a wife -- probably raise a family -- have you never have this feel ' before ? . the wall of kessler 's impenetrability crack . beneath he surface calm can now be glimpse a man of iron will force to live between the opposite of he personal creed and the State philosophy . llehmann 's question draw a bitter response . kessler raising a family . my only son be kill three month ago work for the ' New order . ' and believe I I be not much better ... work with the gestapo ... while they spy lie in the bed above I . lehmann grimace and shake he head . lehmann what 's happen to people like we ? I have give my life to Zeppelin . for the sake of we company I even drop political pamphlet last _year , from this ship . where do it stop ? kessler ( shaking head ) I have be in the Air Force since the World War . when the versaille Treaty abolish it , I work with goer . and the other to . build a secret one . lehmann I remember that day . you people train in glider . . kessler . yes , all over Germany . most of the . a time at night . I be proud when Hitler bring the new luftwaffe into the open . but I be not proud last week after Guernica -~ ( derisively ) -- a little basque village , a few hundred peasant ; three thousand bomb drop on they . the town be wipe out the first ten minute -- but we keep it up three hour -- just for the practice . continued sk 248 249 81 continued - 3 248 lehmann you be there ? kessler Chief of Intelligence . lehmann . that 's how one win the knight 's . Cross in peacetime . - kessler - peacetime .... . lehmann . ( break the moment ) well , now we have two herde aboard . boerth do valiant service to the hindenburg today . he do not seem tike the man to destroy the ship . kessler he do to I . he 's just the man I would choose for a dangerous mission . bold , tough , cool . lehmann ( slight smile ) you have that quality in common with he . you be both good man . kessler * 's Z must get to know he better . ( hand lehmann radiogram ) please '' show this to pruss. ( stand ) and thanks for the coffee . good night , Captain . ( pause ) I hope you get you house build . . '' : . . . - . int . hull ~ night - nose cone . 249 ° Dark , silent ... boerth check moor line . kessler ascend the stair and join boerth on the narrow shelf in the nose boerth regards he quizzically . kessler freda halle have be arrest . boerth stiffen , but instantly recover he easy manner . continued sk # 02075 249 continued 82 boerth traffic violation ? kessler no . . by the gestapo . boerth ( contemptuously ) because she work for foreigner ? kessler because I think she work with you . boerth she life with I . kessler she 's admit you predecessor be kill fight for the leftist in Spain . boerth so ? kessler if she know about the bomb , they will make she confess that too . boerth what bomb ? kessler where be it , boerth ? they will be work on freda until you tell I . boerth you filth . kessler no worse than the filth who want to blow up 97 people . but you will not have the chance . I be lock you up . : , ( grip he arm ) you be under arrest . boerth ( deadly quiet ) kessler , get you hand off . kessler let 's go. ( jerk he arm ) continued 249 . sk 249 ts 250 ad 251 252 #02075 83 continued - 2 249 boerth get you hand off or I will blow it up now . you can not stop it . I can do it any second . . a cold , hard ring of truth and conviction in boerth 's voice make kessler hesitate ; then boerth whirl to face he and , almost plead , blurt out : boerth do not force I , damn it . kessler , I need you help . kessler , amaze , relax he grip . int . radio room - night 250 semi-darkness ... his face tinted by the green luminescence from the radio dial , speck copy down a message come off the short wave in dot - and -dash . as lessing enter , speck put the message in a envelope . and seal it carefully . speck for kessler . get it to he immediately . : lessing : ( leave ) he 's hard to find . he prowl all over the ship . 2 + int . hull - night - up angle toward nose cone 251 a hushed voice be waft along among the whisper flow of air current in the dim interior . close on kessler and boerth 252 they sit muffle in shadow on the edge of the riggers ' shelf . ° boerth . '' ( low ) this ship be the Nazis ' great propaganda weapon . kessler and you patch she up today to make you own propaganda . no good if she just tumble into the sea . no politics in a act of God , eh ? continued sk # 02075 84 252 continued 252 om ) boerth no survivor either . but that 's not how I plan to do it . ( pause ) she will blow up at the moor mast in lakehurst tomorrow . before she turn around . kessler a hydrogen airship ? it 's cold - blooded murder . boerth the luftwaffe in Spain be cold - blooded murder . but that be just practice for Hitler . kessler ( sardonically ) and you people think you can save the world by blow up the . hindenburg . - boerth . it 's a place to start . ( passionately ) it will prove there be a resistance . decent Germans will get the courage to join we . and no one have to be kill -- if you help I . you be + the key to how --- abruptly boerth stop and point down . gesture silence , he rise and start to coil rope . 253 down angle 253 Radio Officer lessing appear in the dimness below . lessing . . - boerth ? be that Colonel kessler ~ . with you ? I have a message for he . . 254 close two shot : 254 boerth shoot kessler a look . kessler hold he with a non - committal stare , then call down : kessler come . zb . la 255 256 257 258 259 # 02075 , 85 angle on kessler he quickly descend the curving stair and take the message from lessing on the lower catwalk . he open the envelope . tight on kessler as he read the message : freda halle dead stop shot while try to escape sign hufschmidt . kessler 's eye close a instant . he take a deep breath , then 'look back at boerth . angle on boerth from far above , he stare down at kessler . close on kessler his face fill with pity , he move slowly down the catwalk , fold the message smaller and smaller in he hand . int . cabin of kessler and vogel - night Vogel , in a dress shirt before the mirror , apply cologne to he face . kessler enter , pause . _ vogel have a date 's with my little jewish model . I be curious to try one before they be all go . kessler cologne will not help you . vogel _ ( erupting ) why do not you arrest boerth ? pruss 's show I the message . > kessler . I do not take order from hufschmidt or you . ( control himself ) I be still look for a bomb . arrest - ing boerth will not keep it from go off . vogel it will , dammit , if you make he talk . continued 255 256 257 258 259 . _ia # 02075 hn 289 continued 259 cm kessler - you thumbscrews do not make freda halle talk -- ( witheringly ) -~- before she be ' shot while try - ing to escape . 's . vogel that be the mistake of some stupid guard , and you be make a worse one . arrest boerth , Douglas , spah -- all of they . stop drag you foot . kessler brilliant , Vogel . the hindenbur will come into lakehurst like a prison ship . I can see the headline : anti - nazi plot on zep . vogel - ( put | on jacket ) . there be way of keep it quiet . if it offend you delicacy , kessler , let I handle it for you . nae . '' kessler you just do what you be tell . [ I '11 handle boerth . you watch Napier and spah -- and , of course , you little model . , * vogel ( open door ) I will also be watch you . kessler Fine . but who will be watch you ? Vogel turn in the doorway with a odd smile . . : .¢ vogel : 2 . '' . * I be really disappointed , Colonel . we think surely after the splendid example of you own son , you would --- kessler lunge , grab Vogel by the shirt - front and slam he against the wall . Vogel be too startle to do anything but suck air . at the appearance of flakus gather shoe from the passageway , kessler release Vogel . kessler look at he hand as though they be cover with slime , push Vogel out and close the door . la 260 #02075 : 87 close on kessler . 260 he stand at the door think . he turn off the overhead light and put on the small read lamp by he bed . but instead of lie down he grip the edge of the upper bunk , much like a man in a cell hold the bar . after a moment he turn . slowly , as though there be someone behind he . and there be ; in the mirror of the darken room . he stare at the other face , he own , for a long time , hope it will send the answer back . slow fade out 262 263 265 #02075 88 fade in ext . lakehurst - day 261 ' a title :. thursday , may 6 , 9:35 a.m. evidence of recent rain ... a navy car with Commander rosendahl and Lt. truscott in the rear splashes past two railroad car on a siding : a tanker crudely chalk " hindenburg " ; a flat car contain gas . cylinder and lettere in red " hydrogen " . angle on weather emplacement in front of hangar 262 near this - facility ( a platform twenty foot high ) , the car turn toward the vast dirigible hangar . the wind direction and velocity be eleetrically display on a sign atop the emplacement : wind SW - 12 kts -- gust 20 kts . a blinker , unactivate , project above the sign . next to the sign be a large clock that change every five second : 9:35:45 . also a anemometer and a steam whistle . there 's a puff of smoke from the sign and the - gust read go out . int . hangar - day --- waiting room section _ 263 some thirty man , include Zeppelin company officer , New Jersey Police , U.S. custom and Immigration official , reporter , and detective Moore and grunberger , organize themselves for the arrival of the hindenburg . angle featuring rosendahl ~ : ' 264 appear with truscott in the open hangar door . - rosendahl New time of -arrival 5 p.m. you reporters.can go back to the gin - mill . i' Il ask the police and security man to stay , though . as ? some of the man leave , truscott distribute list . . truscott get ‘em while they be hot -- who want the passenger list ? angle on moore and grunberger 265 study the : list . moore here 's a pair -- Napier and pajetta . continued lf 265 267 # 02075 : - 89 continued . 265 rosendahl you know they , sergeant ? --- moore sure dos the - ' Major ' and emilio . ' ' the. cane 's . they be boatmen -- card . shark ----usually work the . luxufy liner . : - - grunberger Real character . : rosendahl -give : a-short - laugh . a small worried man approach . SMALL man I be suppose - to check the copper tub on the airship , sir . be that guy - kid about a bomb ? rosendahl ( to a trio of reporter ) very funny .. ext . ocean - day -- shadow and rainbows - matte 266 two concentric rainbow , perfect circle , frame the hindenburg 's shadow on the sea . : . peter' voice hey , look ! int . promenade deck ~- day - close on.. the two breslau boy 267 gape . kirsch pause behind they . kirsch ah , yes . rainbow like that be - very common in airship travel . paul hey , dad . D 'ya see it ? Breslau join he boy at the window . peter ( loftily ) it 's nothin ' , dad . rainbow like that be very common in airship travel . _ lot 7268 we 269 270 i qo 271 #02075 90 int . hull - day - angle on lower catwalk 268 kessler move along it , search for someone -- or something . first look fore and aft , he go purposefully to a spot along the catwalk , glance up , signal with he head and continue aft . . angle on boerth 269 climb down through the ventilator shaft to the middle cat ~ walk , he follow kessler . before descend into the tail fin , he check behind he . " int . lower fin - day . 270 kessler wait in this murky area beneath the belly of the ship . boerth come down the stair . . boerth ( eagerly ) be you with I ? kessler you be head for tragedy . close two shot ~ kessler and boerth . 271 Mt boerth ( angry , dis - appoint ) there 's no time for that . this __ ship and I only have six and a -half hour leave . kessler and freda halle be the first victim . boerth ( stare ) . ~ the gestapo ? . kessler kill try to escape . they say . boerth turn away . pause ... he slam a girder . again . kessler boerth . something in the quietness of kessler 's voice give boerth pause . continued 272 273 #02075 91 continued . 271 kessler I know , boerth . I lose my boy in March =~ my only child . boerth , he back still turn , wait . big closeup - kessler 7 272 sad and furious at the same time . kessler he be in the Hitler youth . Fifteen year old . they go out for some fun one night . paint slogan on a synagogue ... Alfred be on the roof . he slip and fall . his neck be break . close two shot - favoring boerth 273 boerth you son die for Hitler . damn it , be not that enough for you ? kessler ( evenly ) plenty . I do not need ninety - seven more dead ’on this ship . | boerth I do not want anyone to die . why do . you think I be ask . you help ? = kessler help ? to blow up the Zeppelin . boerth ( passionately ) : and , everything she stand for , I . '' , tell you , it will happen at the moor . mast . no one aboard . '' my God , that 's the last thing I want . ask Commander rosendahl for Marines to cordon off the ship . keep every - one at least fifty yard away . kessler ir would have tq see the bomb first , know how it work . boerth no .. you still have a wife at home . the less you know the better . continued # 02075 273 continued : 273 kessler I have to see it . too much can go wrong . '' boerth you just see that the ship 's empty . no one near it . now what time do I set the bomb for ? kessler look at he , then away . silence . boerth all right , kessler , I '11 do it without you . kessler ( gaze up ) the ship land at five ... passenger all off by 5:30 . another half - hour to unload freight and mail . Liberty party leave at 6:30 ... remain crew eat at the Naval Station mess ... rosendahl 's dinner party for offi - cer at 7:00 . anyone stand mar watch I will evacuate . I will say U.S. custom search -- something . '' no supplies , fuel , gas will be load till after eight . he pause , focus on bgerth . a . * boerth ~ what time ? kessler you will leave with the liberty party . disappear into New York . / boerth I be stay aboard . : kessler e that can not help freda now . boerth ( hard ) in the last few second I be send out a radio signal that it 's no accident , kessler ( pause ; then ) 7:30 . he turn abruptly and go up the stair from the tail . av v~\ 274 C / and 275 276 277 278 #02075 93 . 274 omitted and . 275 int . smoking room - day - : 276 the countess play poker with Napier , pajetta and osborne . the stake on the table be high and the man be tense . the countess coolly sip -a champagne cocktail . osborne ( fold hand ) out . pajetta check . countess raise . pajetta frown , glance at Napier , then laugh , jiggling he cane . pajetta oho , the lady 's out for blood . countess I use it to polish my nail . show he she finger , she rest they on top of he cane . low angle at table ~ '' 277 * as pajetta 's cane be ground , the countess ' elegant spike '' heel take up the tapping sound . angle on napier : 278 confuse . at the sound of another few tap he expression clear . ' * napier / '' ( to countess ) see you and raise you . pajetta re-raise and call , let 's have the showdown , Major . napier ( show card ) Three of a kind . continued ~jv # 02075 94 : Rev. 4/22/74 an 278 continued . 278 ( ) . pajetta ~ . ( show card ) full house . ( chuckle ) I be only sorry this be not strip poker , countess . 4 - I countess : ( dryly ) , . '' you would be . look for a fig leaf . straight flush . '' pajetta blink at the high hand , . then glare at she and Napier as she rake in the money . Napier wipe he brow with a hand - kerchief from he sleeve . napier ( shuffle card ) ah , well . once more to the breach , dear friend . : 279 full on room : 279 as kessler enter and stand , surveying the game . the ( X ) countess . catch he eye and indicate pajetta , 280 close on kessler 280 . observe pajetta closely . Vogel emerge from the door " lock " and slide up to kessler . . vogel _ ( low ) - +. . os S spah 's . be in the hull again . the stewardess find this in he cabin . he show kessler a sketch pad . > . '' . a - . . 281 point of view on sketch pad . t - vo . . 281 there be three drawing of the interior , the last a sketch of the complex structure at the stern with a figure swinging from a girder . . : . kessler' voice we clown be work for someone else , I think . someone who need this . «jv # 02075 95 _ 282 close two - shot - kessler and vogel . 282 | ~ J — vogel who ? kessler that 's the man I want you to find , otto . but after we take care of this two . 283 angle past kessler and vogel . 283 kessler glance significantly at pajetta and give Vogel the nod . Vogel move up behind - pajetta and lift the cane . vogel what happen to the tape , Mr. pajetta ? pajetta _ since when have you become the local house dick ? kessler _ ( straight - face ) I deputize he . until we land you and Major Napier will be confine to you cabin . vogel ~ . ( grasp pajetta ) . . come along . napier ( appal ) what about the game ? kessler you can play heart with Mr. pajetta in the cabin . . pajetta ( reach for pot ) hold you horse . countess ( show a full house ) I believe the pot be mine . ( a sweet smile ) May I send a bottle of champagne to you cabin ? continued 284 #02075 96 continued : 283 pajetta madam , what you can do with you champagne , I can not say in the presence of gentleman . he limp off . close on kessler and the countess 284 take he arm , she guide he to the bar . countess you be forgiven , dear franz . . I have make enough to send fifty trunk over on the bremen . kessler how would you do it ? the countess , take out she little pipe , glide off to get the lighter . kessler hold it for she . countess ( between puff ) they cheat at card . I believe that 's how they make they live . . kessler the cane ? : . countess yes . pajetta tap signal with it . kessler and you still win ? the countess point to she well - shod foot with the small pipe and tap a spike heel on the floor . . - countess . - I scramble they signal . 's you . , . 4 ten ' percent be worth a dozen case of champagne . shall we start drink they up ? kessler better send they to I . I will cele - brate my return home with a bath in champagne . continued . wv # 02075 : 97 Rev. 4/26/74 284 continued 284 : countess I would love to join you , but -- ( suddenly serious ) - I be not go . back , franz . kessler I know . , ( faint smile ) who try to take a wardrobe trunk on a Zeppelin ? countess sweet , darling franz . it 's all so depress . ( offer pipe ) this help a little . kessler it 's not what I need at the moment , thanks . countess ( kissing he cheek ) Old stone face . 285 ext . lakehurst - day - angle on rosendahl be navy car - matte 285 crossing the ramp . over the narrow - gauge railroad track surround the landing mast .. in the lee of the mast , a few man take cover from the raw weather hustle back to work . 286 ext . base . of mast - day - close on rosendahl 286 : emerging from the car , he call up to the top of the mast : rosendahl kirby , check over you procedure + for a high landing . pruss just message he 's go to try one . . . 7 287 angle past rosendahl to ensign kirby at top of mast 287 . : ( xx ) the pink -cheek young officer shout back against the wind . kirby pruss be nut . a electric front 's move in . continued tiv # 02075 98 9 287 continued 287 oy . rosendahl ~ ( look off ; wince ) ; -- well , he 's go to try it .. kirby , when she 's hook up crank she nose down into the cup real easy . just keep think : seven million cubic - koot of hydrogen on the end of we fishing pole . 288 ext . new york CITY - day - miniature and matte 288 a title : 3:45 p.m. the hindenburg sail over Manhattan . 289 int . " a " deck promenade - day : 289 excite passenger pick out landmark . a shout from Douglas startles people around he -~ kessler , the countess , other . douglas my God , the Queen ! ( to kessler ) I have have it . kessler not necessarily . we will be at lakehurst by five . she 's just pick up she tug . a0 e 's 290 ext . new york harbor - day - matte , '' 290 the Queen Mary and other ship salute the Zeppelin with whistle blast . 291 int . the hull - day . . 291 boerth move down the middle catwalk . half - full at the end * sof the voyage , . the gas bag sag and billow , they bottom hang in fold . 292 close on boerth 292 check the valve on Gas cell iv . after cautiously surveying the lower catwalk , he climb down the netting around the bag . 293 another angle 293 as boerth stop at a droop fold . he swiftly cut the gas bag with he rigger 's knife . then he detach the handle from the blade and slide up a panel on the now separate handle . psa 294 295 296 297 298 299 300 #00192 99 insert - the mechanism of the : bomb . 294 the. explosive : device be in the handle . the inner work have be . expose twice before , and must now be recognizable . ( see Appendix # 3 . ) boerth 's : - knife point set the red detonation needle at 7:30 and the black timer needle be start on its - inexorable journey . close on boerth . . 295 he. close the panel : on the detach knife handle ( the bomb ) and hook the device into the open of the gas bag . his nervous finger . drop the detach blade . appall , he look down . point of view 296 no one in sight -- but neither be the tell - tale knife blade . close on boerth - 297 he. feverishly sew up the slit in the gas bag and start stitching a patch over it . ' down angle on knorr : 298 come along the middle catwalk . a . close on boerth 299 he : finish stitching the patch over the incision , fan away the small amount of gas that escape , start down to look for he . knife. blade . : knorr voice boerth . what 's there ? . the > > startle , boerth almost slip , recover and jump like a cat . angle : favoring knorr 300 on the lower catwalk as boerth land beside he . knorr found something , Eric ? continued psa 300 301 302 303 304 #00192 . 100 continued . : 300 . boerth : ( point up ) a leak come from a wear spot . must have start to rub when the outer skin rip . I have patch it . I be sure it 's secure . boerth tensely watch knorr who cover he black eye and study the gas : bag . knorr nod and start back . knorr '' come on . the chef 's get sandwich . insert - the knife blade 301 wedge and hide in the catwalk . first knorr 's crepe-sol shoe , and then boerth 's , pass over it . . ext . lakehurst - day -. administration build 302 as rosendahl hurry : inside , the ship 's cloek over the : entrance | show 4:15 . . int . rosendahl's office - day 303 truscott follow rosendahl : inside and take he trench coat . - rosendahl ( disgust ) - Colonel belsma refuse to let we have the detachment of Marines . * truscott do you tell he the score ? - rosendahl belsma know the score . we hada . real - set-to . he call she a fly crematorium -- do not want he . man near she . - . . . ( pace ) : damn , I hope Washington give lehmann that helium . omitted / 304 psa # 00192 . 101 305 int . hindenburg - crew's quarter - day 305 7 . J ludecke bring in boerth and neuhaus . kessler , Vogel and lehmann wait . for : they . ; lehmann we want to see you knife . neuhaus promptly take he knife from the sheath at he waist and : show it . boerth shoot kessler a quizzical look but make no move to lift up he knife . vogel we want to see you knife , Eric . kessler ( show detach blade ) ludecke : find this in the hull a few minute ago . take he time , boerth give he knife to lehmann who examine it . boerth flick another look at kessler . each be make un - - easy of the other by this new development . _ 306 angle . on knorr 306 he come from the shower with a towel drape around . he waist . knorr * please excuse my appearance , Captain . lehmann we would like - to see you knife , Chief . knorr turn promptly to he bunk to pick up he knife on top of he clothes . he swear ; the sheath be empty . knorr ( search ) I have it - when I take off my clothes : . somebody must have borrow it . . oo kessler oshow detach blade ) be this it , knorr ? knorr . look briefly at both side of the blade . knorr no. continued psa 306 * 307 308 #00192 102 continued 306 . vogel - can you prove it ? knorr . {conversationally ) . well , the guard on my knife have a nick . from that fight in shanghai when we go around the world on the : graf -- remember , Captain ? -- and there 's a scratch on the blade from when : my boy take it to go --- vogel ( to kessler ) arrest he . question all of they . knorr turn to lehmann in amazement and drop he towel . knorr arrest I , Captain ? because my knife be borrow ? a bosun 's whistle shrill o.s . Men pile from the bunk and move out to they station . lehmann pick up the towel and hand it to knorr . : . lehmann get dress and go to you landing station , Chief .. . ( to boerth and : neuhaus ) . * you man , too . . '' ( to kessler ) a enough of this stupid business . I trust=the man in the Zeppelin family . kessler nod . Vogel , eyeing kessler , lift the knife blade from kessler 's hand and exit . as he exchange a point look with boerth , kessler move out . ext . lakehurst . , - day - weather emplacement . 307 wind SW to 16 kts -- gust ( no read ) . the clock show 5:15 : 25 . now two navy technician try to repair the blank gust section . one of the man point o.s . ext . the hindenburg and airfield - day - matte 308 approach the field , she appear out of dark cloud . Light - ning flash , follow by distant thunder . Carnival atmosphere outside the fence . cars-arrive ... vendor sell eskimo pie , hot dog , pennant and * long - balloon - mark : " hindénburg " ?... people crowd the fence ; stand on car top . psa # 00192 103 308-a 's angle on trudi von scharnwitz 308 - a . unmistakable in a white cape - that be - a exact copy of she ~~ -- mother 's , she crane out the window of a taxi .. beside she be two - nun : from she school . as the taxi press toward the main gate -o.s. , the nun tug she : back inside . > 309 ext . landing mast - day . 309 by the field phone at the base of the mast , rosendahl and truscott watch the hindenburg o.s . a strong gust hit they . rosendahl that» be at least 25 knot . ( turn : toward weather . sign ) Hell , they be only show surface wind . where 's. gust ? truscott they can not get - it fix , sir . rosendahl ( grab phone ) flash red , dammit , flash red . ~ 310 ext . weather emplacement ~ day 310 the blinker above the sign : flash red . the clock show 5:08:35 . the repair man - climb down . 311 int . hindenburg - day - control gondola 311 dimmler signal red , Captain . - pruss : ( behind he ) . : thank you kindly .- i.thought it be . : a Christmas tree. y : ( to lessing at phone ) '' * - . send this to rosendahl : Riding : out weather . shall delay landing until further notice from nal . look forward to dinner . pruss . 312 ext . the hindenburg - day - miniature and matte 312 she grow smaller and disappear into the stormy sky . 313 omitted 313 dc . 314 314 - a 314 - B 314-c #02075 104 ext . hindenburg - day - miniature and matte 314 the Jersey coast ... a threaten sky , lightning , distant thunder . int . lounge - day : 314 - a countess ( stare at kirsch ) this be absure . passenger be queue up at a table where kirsch return they passport and issue landing card to be fill in . kirsch . yes , m'am . I be sure it 's only a technicality that will be straight - ened out before we land . countess ( heatedly ) give I back my passport this in - stant , kirsch . she riffle through the passport on the table . kirsch tt be not here , countess . it 's be pick up . touristy type ( chuckle ) same thing happen to a friend of mine in Italy . you would not believe the reason they give he . they. say --- stun , the countess brushes past he . int . stair and foyer on " a " deck 314 - B cqming . up the stair , kessler move down the - passageway . up - set , the countess hurry into the foyer . : countess fpranz ....- angle on kessler 314 -c turn in the passageway . the countess rush up to he . countess they have pick up my passport . continued ~~ de 314-c 314- D 314- E 314-f 315 through 317 318 319 #02075 105 continued 314 -c : kessler on whose order ? countess ( distraught ) . your , maybe . who else know about peenemunde ? you -~+- he clap he ' hand over she mouth . as he do so , he eye slide off . he angle - stewardess imhof 314 - D emerge from a open cabin and dump a pile of bed linen in the passageway . she look at they askance . close two shot - kessler and the countess 314-e he form a smile , slide he hand to she cheek and pat it . kessler it 's only a little storm , countess . in a hour you will be laugh about this with you daughter . in fact , I be go to escort you off the ship ' personally to be sure I meet she . go back on deck and enjoy the Captain 's champagne . 's - ( significantly ) '' - all right ? the countess clasp he hand with both of hers for a moment , then go up the stair . his eye follow she worriedly for a instant before he start away , glance at he watch . insert watch - 5:55 " 314 - 5 . 315 - omitted - through : '' . - 317 int . bow - day - angle on boerth 318 deeply concerned , boerth stare out a window in the nose . he check he watch . insert watch : 6:00 319 de # 02075 106 320 close on boerth : 320 ) come to a decision , he swing around and pull up short . 321 angle ' on vogel and ludecke 321 approach boerth in the confines of the nose . vogel ( point ) let I see that knife . boerth you have see it . ( push past ) I be busy . they grab he . ludecke twist boerth 's arm behind he . back . Vogel pull the knife from the sheath . vogel this be knorr 's knife , be not it ? boerth the hell it be . vogel '' '' ( show he ) a nick on the guard , long scratch on the blade , just like knorr say . you. steal it from he when you break you own . what be you : do ? boerth it 's my knife . vogel you be lie . they start to force he down the stair . boerth . ( struggle ) you can not arrest I without kessler . £ vogel watch . boerth grunt as ludecke increase pressure on the hammerlock . then boerth relax and let himself be drag down the stair . boerth Vogel , you gestapo idiot , you be make the mistake of you life . dc # 02075 107 322 int . steering room - day , " 322 7 ) pruss stroll around . kessler enter and join he . kessler Captain , some of the passenger be get nervous . about how long will it be before we land ? pruss whenever Naval Air at lakehurst give we the green light . kessler : ( insistently ) when do you estimate that will ? be ? pruss ( stop ; annoyed ) you can tell the passenger we will land when condition be right and not a minute sooner . he stroll off . kessler look . urgently at the ship 's clock . = 323 he point of view 323 oe the clock nat 6:18 . 324 . angle on elevator man felber . 324 felber ( sing out ) Three degree light in the bow and tail heavy . pruss use a one degree up angle at the mast . . lehmann ~ so : . ( hand on elevator . : + wheel ) ~ : . 2 she do not feel right , Max . it could be a soft bag . the aft cell take a beat when the skin rip . pruss she 's tail - heavy because wind drive the rain aft . the moisture will evaporate in a few minute . continued fw # 02075 ' Los 324 continued 324 kessler ( to pruss ) once we be over the field , how long will it be before the passenger be actually off the ship ? pruss look at he in exasperation . kessler force a smile . kessler the passenger be sure to ask .. pruss ( curtly ) : a high landing take fifteen minute . allow another twenty to disembark passenger . kessler hesitates , then : kessler I understand the countess ' passport be be hold . pruss ( pain ) _ rotten . Vogel say it be a matter '' ef internal security . - kessler Vogel take it ?- : ' pruss ( flaring ) what in .- hell 's the matter with you , kessler ? I assume you know what 's go on in you own department . kessler ( bitterly ) yes , sir , I do . he hurry out . , 325 ext . lakehurst ~ day - weather emplacement : 325 the sign read :. wind SW 12 kts -- gust ( no read ) . in front of the sign two civilian technician , resign to failure , pack up they tool to leave . the clock show . 7:00:05 . near the clock , the steam whistle blast one long and two short . the technician jump and hold they ear . C J 326 327 through 331 332 and 333 33¢ 335 336 337 # 02075 , 109 ext . the airfield - day - wide angle 326 soggy navy and civilian linesman - come run toward the mast . quick shot of : . 327 through | newsreel man climb to camera on the hood of car ... 331 people emerge from the hangar : detective Moore and . grunberger , custom and Immigration man , Zeppelin company official , etc . '' . 332 omitted and , 333 angle . on bosun hoban : 334 a hulk airshipman , hoban boom order through a megaphone to detail man equipment on the track . ( see Appendix # 4 . ) hoban . get the lead out , cieselwicz ! two man each on the capstan car ... Jackson , if the wind shift , you linesman hold 'er steady till the main wire let down . _angle past mast toward hindenburg - matte : : 335 in the distance she can now be see approach . hoban' voice _. you man , the civilian , you be out . of position . - int . hindenburg - day - aft on middle catwalk ' 336 lehmann , knorr and neuhaus inspect Gas cell iv . at a half - run , kessler come down the catwalk . . '' kessler ( call out ) boerth . knorr I want he too . lazy bum 's probably asleep in the nose cone . kessler turn and hustle back , look at he watch . insert watch : 7:06 . 337 339 sy 340 | 341 7 342 343 #02075 110 angle on lehmann 338 he lean down from the catwalk and tug on . the loose-hanging fold of Gas cell iv . the patch on the bag become visible . ' lehmann - what 's that ? knorr a wear place we patch , but I be sure it 's secure . lehmann all right , but let 's have a man watch this gas bag until we be on the ground . int . nose cone - day 339 kessler vault up the stair to the platform in the nose cone . kessler boerth ! no answer . the nose cone be empty . kessler check he watch and hurriedly exit . ext . airfield - day - down - shot from hangar roof - matte . 340 the white dot of navy linesman mix with civilian extend in two row from the mast . ext , the landing mast - day - close on rosendahl 341 he talk into the phone at the foot of the mast . rosendahl send to dekka : recommend landing now ; ground crew ' ready . ~- . . ext . weather emplacement - day — 342 the blinker flash green . the clock be at 7:09:35 . int . hindenburg - day - the control gondola 343 * pruss ( to lessing at phone ) reply to nal : proceed to land . will be late for dinner . apology to Madame , sign pruss . continued _ km 343 ot / 344 mo 7 345 346 347 #02075 lll continued 343 lehmann ' ( hurry in ) I be uneasy about cell iv , Max . might have to . make a major repair before go back . pruss ° we will see . ( pick . up phone ) landing station . elevatorman felber ( sing out ) two degree light in the bow and tail - heavy . pruss ( into . ' phone ) twelve man from the off - watch into the bow . int . bow and nose cone - day - angle on 344 the bosun 's whistle sound through the interior . kessler fight he way through the man come up the stair . kessler anyone see boerth ? ; _ men no ... no , sir ... no , Colonel . 's ludecke no , sir . he should be here . — ° ext . the . hindenburg - day - miniature and matte 345 she swing wide over the hangar . ext . weather emplacement - day - down angle - J 346 ' feature clock at 7:11:05 . sign read : wind W 14 kts -- gust ( no read ) . int . control gondola - day 347 lehmann ( at window ) wind 's shift to the west . continued cc 347 — _ 348 CO ) 349 350 351 #02075 112 continued pruss gust ? lehmann no read on gust . pruss no wonder they lose all they airship . ( pause , then ) hard rudder to port , aft engine astern . ext . the landing mast - day ~- matte and miniature the hindenburg drift slowly forward , swinging to the leave . hoban ( in f.g.7 bellow ) line up with ‘er , knucklehead . she will keep she nose in the wind . the ground crew shift position accordingly . int . hindenburg - day - crew's quarter two off - duty man play . chess . . . 1st chessplayer * you know who get liberty ? I will tell you who . Party member , that 's who . kessler ( hurry in ) where 's boerth ? 2nd chessplayer his landing station 's in the nose . ~ kessler swear under he breath , glance at he watch . insert watch : 7:13 . ext . the hindenburg - day - matte and miniature she mush in toward the mast some five hundred yard away . abruptly water ballast dump from she underbelly . 347 348 349 350 351 ce 352 353 353 - a 354 355 356 357 358 ( 359 360 #02075 : 113 close on a newsreel cameraman . . 352 shoot from atop he car and get drench . angle on linesmen 353 a wave of laughter rise from they . angle on trudi 353-a stand in she white cape between the two nun in front of the hangar , she laugh and jump up and down with excitement . int . hull ~ day - the lower catwalk 354 kessler , move under tremendous tension , open the canvas curtain to the freight compartment off the catwalk . angle past kessler . 355 the first compartment be fill with spare part -- no boerth . kessler lunge to the next compartment . he point of view into compartment 356 the mail room ... a man sorting . sack . not boerth . angle on kessler : 357 move on , he check he - watch . insert watch : 7:16 . 358 int . the bow - day ~ featuring stair . 359 twelve off -watch man , include ' von bauer and chef Mueller , each stand on a step of the arcing staircase . > angle on knorr in the nose 360 he press he headset as he relay order . knorr stand by for starboard line drop . ‘fw 360 - a 361 362 363 364 365 366 367 #02075 114 int . control gondola - favoring dimmler 360 - as he hit a switch on a control panel . int . bow - down angle on ludecke 361 stand by a huge pile of coiled rope on a close hatch . the hatch open , the rope drop . ext . the hindenburg - day - matte and miniature 362 her starboard landing line smack onto the wet sandy ground . the ship hang motionless one hundred foot above and two hundred yard short of the mast . the port line drop . angle on linesmen 363 several linesman break rank , grab the rope , connect they to larger guy line which in turn be haul toward the two car on the circular track . angle on rosendahl and truscott 364 watch from the foot of the mast . the clock on the weather sign in the b.g. show 7:17:45 . truscott . | beautiful . level as a board . pruss be show we how . rosendahl — this high landing 's not lehmann 's idea , I will guarantee that . ext . hindenburg - day - close on bow - miniature 365 a steel cable begin wind down from the ' nose . : : * : . , int . the hull - day - stern end of lower catwalk . 366 kessler reach the last few freight room . he fling open the canvas curtain across a room entrance . angle past kessler - two big x-ray machine 367 in slatted crate fill the room -- no boerth . he plunge on to the next room , rip aside the curtain , and burst into : in ss 368 369 370 '' 371 #02075 115 int . the freight room - day 368 Vogel spin around . a badly maul boerth lie next to the dog in she wicker cage . his arm be tie behind he back , he eye close , he mouth bleed , he face a mass of cut . - the dog be frantic , scratch at the bar . 's angle on kessler 369 look murderously from boerth to the dog to : vogel : 370 hold both the handleless knife and knorr 's steal knife . he step between kessler and boerth , gesture with knorr 's knife . vogel out , kessler . I have take over . kessler lunge . Vogel thrust with the knife , slashing kessler 's outstretch arm . almost at the same time Vogel bring up the handleless knife , nick kessler 's cheek . kessler smashes he on the jaw . the knife go fly and Vogel drop . close on kessler : 371 without a second look at Vogel , he squat beside '' boerth and shake he gently . a- kessler boerth . | . see no reaction . kessler glance at he watch , shake he harder . kessler ( tremendous urgency ) boerth , it 's kessler . boerth open he swollen eye . , kessler for God 's sake , boerth , it 's 7:20 . where 's the bomb ? boerth ( half -conscious ) not my knife .... kessler pick up knorr 's knife nearby , cut boerth 's rope . continued . fw 371 ru of — 372 373 #02075 116 continued 371 kessler there 's less than ten minute leave . they will all die . where 's the. bomb , boerth ? : boerth ( very groggy ) repair...patch...patch ...four . kessler look from he to the knife , eye widen slightly . int . the channing ' cabin - day 372 bess Channing talk to flakus who stand in the doorway . ° bess «+ . make sure the dog be unload as soon as we land . ( tipping he ) here 's a little extra for you . you have be a doll . flakus ( leave money '' on desk ; exite ) thanks anyway , Mrs. Channing . I like dog . another angle : 's ' . 373 reed pack a suitcase on the settee while spah try to show he : a sketch . - spah it 's the set for my Zeppelin act . I have better one , but they disappear from my cabin . somebody 's try to steal my act , that 's how good it be . channing * > ( clear throat ) Joe , I have to be honest with you . it be not right for my show . spah ( crestfallen ) you do not go for it , huh ? channing sorry . continued fw # 02075 117 373 continued 373 of ) spah yeah ... ( leave ) well , I guess it 's good enough for the circus , anyway . channing ( extend a draw ) Joe , you forget this one . spah ( take it ) it 's just a draw I make of that goofy rainbow for my kid . . , bess ( interested ) how many child do you have ? spah Three . one seven , one four and a baby boy who 's gonna be a acrobat . believe you I we get circus enough at home . bess ( pause ) reed , I would like to see Joe 's act . channing , ( look at she ) then we will have to give Joe a audi - tion next week , will not we , little mother ? . . a bess . that 's. right , sugar . spah . : that 's great . d' you mean it ? * ( impulsively hand * & she draw ) : * here , Mrs. Channing . . you take this home to you kid . a souvenir of the trip . 374 ext . lakehurst - day - a shack at edge of airfield 374 Radio announcer herb morrison , a slight middle - age man with a dry mid-western accent , talk into a mike , watch the hindenburg o.s . his nearby station wagon be mark : wls chicago , '' the prairie farmer station . " his engineer watch from the doorway of the shack . continued ~ fw # 02075 118 Rev. 4/22/74 a 374 continued . 374 ~ . morrison the ship be stand still now -- everything seem remarkably still . 375 he point of view - the hindenburg - matte 375 , almost motionless near the mast . morrison' voice . she hover . just. short . of the mast , wait for she nose cone to be connect . up . a great float palace ... of 376 close on morrison = 376 morrison : it 's 7:22 Eastern Standard time and the great lady be twelve hour late . taal 377 int .. hindenburg - day ~- smoking room : 377 C '' Douglas be ’drunk , a nearly empty pitcher of martinis at hand . schulz please , Mr. Douglas , you have to leave now . I be close up . dcuglas ( X ) so we be finally landing . that — , calls.for a drink . ( fill glass ) I shoulda take a rowboat . > 377-a int . lounge - day / . 377 - 2 ' with everyone on the promenade deck now , the lounge be empty except for kirsch . at the table he put papers in a brief case and start to leave . the countess catch he . countess kirsch . in all that nonsense I forget to fill out a landing card . kirsch see , it be just like I tell you , countess . I know you have get back you passport . continued fw # 02075 119 377-a continued 377 -. oy ) countess Colonel kessler be take care of it . kirsch ( digging out papers ) . here we be -- and this one be the custom form . 378 int , the hull - day - middle catwalk - aft . 378 neuhaus stand in front . of Gas cell iv . engineer sauter , appear on the stair from the fin . sauter ( shouting ) we have get a jamme cable . bear a hand . neuhaus run down the stair . 379 reverse angle - kessler . , 379 be gripping the knife , kessler scramble up a ladder to the C ae middle catwalk . he jump to the rope netting surround gas bag iv . 380 . close angle on kessler | so _ 380 ' he work he way around the droop fold , pull they open for a better view . he dart a look at he watch . 381 insert watch : 7223 381 382 down angle past - kessler 3820 , he tug om a loose fold and find what he 's look for -- the repair patch . he climb a few foot lower and slashes it ~ open with the knife . 383 tight on kessler 383 he feel inside the slit , grimace , and pull out the lethal device -- the knife handle bomb . it take he a few second et ] to discover how to slide up the panel . with inward terror but steady hand , he probe into the mechanism . CO '' co 384 +385 386 387 391 392 393 394 - #02075 120 big closeup - the exposed work of the bomb 384 his finger carefully move the red detonation needle forward from 7:30 . closeup - kessler . 385 relieved . he check he watch . insert watch : 7:24 386 ext . weather emplacement - day 387 the wind read on the weather sign jump from SW will kts to 16 , the gust section always remain dark . the clock change from 7:24:55 to 7:25:00 . . * 388 omitted ° and 389 int . hull - day - close on kessler at gas bag 390 examine the bomb in he hand , he slide the cover panel close and compare the two handle . he grimace in admira - tion . only now do he hand tremble slightly . he see some - thing from the corner of he eye -- and turn . down angle - toward lower : catwalk , 391 Vogel , slack - jaw , he mouth bloody , come along the catwalk -- and stop . closeup - kessler . 392 exchange a long hard look with Vogel . kessler , finally récognize for what he truly be , and in all rather pleased to have it so , almost smile . ° closeup - vogel 393 the shock of recognition on he face turn to something far grimmer . close on kessler 394 suddenly the bomb in kessler 's hand go off with a flash and a pop , follow by a noise -- a whoomph -- like the lighting of a big kitchen gas range . cc a 395 396 397 399 400 401 #02075 121 angle toward kessler . 395 the initial three - foot diameter of a brilliant flare . inside the cell be remarkably well - define . it blossom . kessler , as though suspend in space , appear at the center of the ball of flame . quick cut of kessler 396 A. full figure as though surround by sunrise . . B. close on he face register astonishment . c. closeup : he eye reflect a dazzle of color and a range of emotion . explosion the sound have the quality of enormous muffle force . kessler and the entire gas cell iv '' 397 disappear . angle on vogel , 398 hurl backwards . molten aluminum , sizzling wire , burn fabric fill the air . . ext . shack at edge of airfield - day . 399 morrison , surround by .a gagglé of radio fan , move forward from the shack as he talk into the mike . morrison the sun be strike the window of the observation deck and sparkling like glitter jewel . this great float palace -- ( long beat ) oh , oh , oh : ext . the hindenburg - day - stock 400 - a plume of flame burst from the top of the ship . momentary freeze , then CUT to int . control gondola - day 401 the ship give a lurch . lehmann , turn from the instrument , look quizzically at pruss by the window . '' continued cy CD cc 401 402 403 404 405 406 407 #02075 122 continued 401 pruss ( wonder , then wrath ) no ...no ! ext . airfield - down shot 402 a red glow spread on the ground ; people stare up transfix . angle on weather emplacement 403 tinged red . the clock show 7:25:05 . ext . top of mast - day - close on kirby 404 atop the mast , bawling through a megaphone : . kirby run .... down angle on . linesmen 405 in the brighten glare , some of the linesman bolt . bosun hoban ( £oghorn voice ) - stand fast ! angle on rosendahl . : 406 run toward ship o.s. rosendahl get the people cut of there . ( point back ) pire extinguishers . > > '- . on int , the hindenburg - day - " a " deck promenade 407 passenger crowd the observation window : Breslau ; irene , wear white glove and hold a picture hat ; the two boy in buster Brown suit ; the sweet - face old lady carry a carpetbag ; and other . with a muffle thump the ship shudder and tilt sharply aft . the passenger be tumble down the slant deck , pile on top of each other , shouting , scream , the dining salon furniture crash into they . qu cc 408 409 410 411 and 412 413 414 415 416 #02075 . 123 close on sweet -face old lady 's 408 as the content of she carpetbag spill out -- stationery , hindenburg towel , silverware , etc . angle on irene , breslau and two boy 409 pin to a banquette . Breslau crawl from the struggle mass . : breslau stay with the boy , irene . int . smoking room - day - angle on douglas 410 clutch he glass , he sprawl on the slant floor . douglas ( thickly ) some landing . schulz ' voice Fire .... Douglas try to get to he foot but be too drunk . he fall back . '' . 411 omitted - ~ . and . 4 412 ext . landing circle - day - wide angle - shoot down 413 sailor and civilian scatter wildly . - people , car , the mast , the ground , light up in the glow . int . passageway and stair on " a " deck ~- day 414 stewardess imhof run with 4 pile of bedclathes in she arm . Channing and bess dash from they cabin . - they be , block by a wall of flame erupting on the staircase . Channing grab a blanket from imhof who stand rigid , stare . int . the bow - day 415 Fire funnel through the interior . the flame spurt as from a blowtorch toward : the nose cone crew 416 high on the rigger 's shelf . two man dive out a window in the nose . Chief knorr hoist himself up onto a girder . can 418 419 420 421 422 423 #02075 ; 124 down angle on stair . 417 with the bow point higher and higher , the twelve man on the steep stair can not hold they foot . they hang on to ‘overhead hand grip and dangle like partridge over a barbe - que pit -- ludecke , chef Mueller , Navigator von baurer , other . one by one they start to let go . ext . weather emplacement - day 418 the clock read : 7:25:10 . the steam whistle blast out a emergency signal : two long and two short ( throughout the sequence it continue in b.g. ) . ext . the hindenburg - day - stock 419 a monstrous torch against the sky .... momentary freeze , then CUT to int . control gondola - day : 420 dimmler , gape out the window , move to a panel of switch . ' pruss ( stop he ) do not drop ballast . let the stern fall ... give they a chance to get out back there . ° 's int . the tail - day . : 421 the top of the cavernous fin be a ceiling of flame . neuhaus pull open a hatch in the floor , hang from the rim and drop . omitted 422 int . officer ' mess - day . 423 '' speck kick at the window . - ' nothing . the countess , in she white cape , carry a vanity case , rush in . . she bashes the isinglass with the case . the window go out but the case burst open , spilling jewelry . she have difficulty climb out . countess help I , speck . speck push she aside and plunge out the window . she watch he fall , she eye widen in horror. of al «cc 424 425 426 '' 427 428 429 #02075 125 her point of view toward ground 424 sixty foot below speck lie spread-eagied on a funeral pyre . in the b.g. a photographer keep click away . '' angle on countess . , 425 spark fly through the window . she back away . pull the hood of she cape over she head , she run out . ext . the landing circle - day - shoot down : 426 sound . of horror everywhere ... a phantasmagoria of action . omitted 427 int . a observation window opposite writing room - day 428 Breslau struggle to open the window . beside he mild sob hysterically . the write room behind they be in flame . he get the window opén . breslau jump , mild . ~ mildre ( recoil ) I can not , I can not . he grab she , slap she , force she back to the window . ° 2 ; breslau _ it 's you only chance , mild . jump . paralyze with fear , she hold on to the window . he push she out . ' the window slam shut behind she . he try to open . it again but can not . flame roar out from the wait room and - engylf he . ext . the hindenburg - day - stock : 429 her flame stern be almost to the ground , she bow hundred of foot in the air ... figure catapult from she . momentary freeze , then CUT to int . shower room on " B " deck - day 430 cabin Boy flakus lunge into the passenger ' shower room , into the shower , turn it on . no water ... flame leap into the room . frantically he pull the shower door shut . over - come by heat , he slide to the floor which collapse . he drop from sight . . sr 430 - a 431 432 433 434 435 436 437 #02075 126 ground beneath ship - day .- angle on flakus 430 - a stunne on the ground . 0.s. above a water tank burst , delug - ing he . revived , he scramble clear of the flame wreck . int . the " kennel " freight room - day 431 boerth crawl through smoke to the wicker cage and release the frantically bark dog . flame break through the wall . the floor give way . ext . weather emplacement - day , 432 under a swirl of spark , the clock show 7:25:15 . ext . the landing circle - day - stock . 433 the ship 's stern crash on the edge of the moor circle . . momentary freeze , then CUT to int . " B " passageway - day 434 Arm in arm , pajetta , Napier and the countess move along the slant passage through smoke and occasional flame . Napier hug the backgammon board . pajetta tap exploringly with he cane at the obscure floor . a crack sound ... the smoke partially clear . before they the debarkation stairway , burn from its fitting , falis into place on the ground . unsurprise by this stroke of luck , Napier gesture '' after you " to the . . countess . he and pajetta hurry behind she down the stair . ext . landing circle - day - close on . rosendahl 435 advance on the ship 's glow skeleton with a fire extin- guisher . the intense heat force he back . angle past rosendahl oo - . 436 a figure dart from the wreckage only to be knock down by a tongue of flame . helplessiy rosendahl watch the man get up , stagger a few foot , and fall . then he crawl desperately a few more foot , wilt , and lie still . rosendahl force he - self within range of the victim , spray the extinguisher in front of he send up biack smoke . another angle 437 the man struggle up and run through the smoke to rosendahl who grab he and guide he to a sailor . continued sr 437 438 439 440 441 and 442 443 444 #02075 127 continued 437 rosendahl take care of he . he can not talk , his jaw look break . as the sailor help the man off he turn : Vogel . angle on reed and bess channing . 438 below the burn ship , the blanket around they , they be trap in a circle of debris . a heat - warpe frame in front of they suddenly curve away at the center . Channing jump through it , reach back and pull bess out . envelop in black oil cloud , he let go of she - to pry open white - hot wire with he bare hand . . another angle - . 439 Channing turn , tuck she arm under he , and run with she . close two - shot - 440 as they come to a stop safely beyond the inferno . sob , she go into he arm . his hand on she back be badly burn . 441 omitted and . 442 ext . hindenburg - day : - angle on irene , paul and peter 443 twenty foot above the ground , irene and she brother stand in a gape hole in the ship 's side ( which be part - of " a " deck ) . spark and burn linen swirl around they . still wear the white glove , irene clutches she hat . Lt. truscott and bosun hoban rush up beneath they . truscott jump , baby , jump . * : : . hoban : ' c'mon , boy . '' irene 's hat ignites . she scream and jump with she clothes on fire . truscott catch she . beating out she clothes , he drag she to safe ground . some of she hair have be burn off , but she be otherwise unhurt . angle on hoban and breslau boy 444 hoban you be scared . continued on no xq - sr 444 445 446 447 448 449 450 451 e #02075 128 continued . 444 hoban ( cont would ) ( pretend to go ) two yellow - belly . Paul jump . catch he , hoban throw the boy like the hammer at a track meet . the ship 's . side crumble and Peter drop to the ground . hoban dive after he , pick he up and make a break field run to safety . nearby , Paul dazedly get up . angle on boerth 445 beneath the Zeppelin , pin down by blacken beam across he leg , watch ... he lie back , close he eye , unable to bear more . abruptly , he disappear under a flame mass of molten metal . ext . weather emplacement -. day 446 as the steam whistle blast away , the clock show 7:25:20 . the wind read suddenly go out . simultaneously the gust sec- tion activate , show 24 kts . ext . hindenburg - day - stock 447 the bow strike ground , and bounce up again into the sky . > momentary freeze , then CUT to ext , behind landing mast - day - angle on newsreel men " 448 atop they car they swing they camera on the same point . ext . hindenburg - day - close angle on spah on the bow 449 with one arm spah hang onto a window ledge , pull off he smoulder coat with the other . the ledge begin to buckle . spah' angle toward ground : : 450 a hundred foot below . close on spah . 451 the partially wound - down moor cable at the nose swing by like a pendulum . the window ledge collapse into a V about to break in two . the moor cable sweep back . spah grab it . sr 452 453 454 455 456 457 458 #02075 129 new angle on spah 452 riding the cable in space . he slide down the sway fifty - foot length and - hang there watch the ground come up . from a height of ten yard he let go . close on spah ' 453 as he land with he foot under he and he knee bent . when he hit , he roll over , jump up and run from beneath the flame derelict , dusting he hand . : another angle - spah' family : 454 running to he be two small kid and he wife carry a baby . spah open he arm and gather they in . ext . undercarriage of control gondola - day 455 ' the big landing wheel hit the sand . fry and smoking , the rubber tire squash . int . control gondola - day 456 lehmann and pruss be alone in it . the back end of the gondola be wide open , burn away . pruss . ( as she hit ) now . ext . control gondola - day - angle on pruss . and lehmann 457 as. they fling themselves to the ground , wreckage from the disintegrate gondola crash around they . pruss .run through the glow metal . another angle on pruss et : 458 he stop and wait for lehmann . pruss , he face scorched and black with smoke , be shake and bewilder . lehmann 's stocky figure come out of the flame . he appear calm -- almost remote -- and apparently unhurt . rosendahl hurry up . rosendahl and pruss ( at the same time ) what cause it , Ernst ?... what be it , Ernst ? sr 459 ao ss 460 461 ch 462 #02075 130 angle favoring lehmann 459 he take each by the arm , turn he back on the wreckage as though to start a quiet chat . he go a few step between he two friend and pitch forward on he face . his back look as if it have be burn by a acetylene torch . ext . weather emplacement - day 460 the clock read 7:25:25 and change to 7:25:30 . ext . airfield - day - angle on napier , pajetta , and countess 461 stumbling away from disaster . escort between the two man , the countess lower the hood of she char and smoking cape , peer around for she daughter . Napier and pajetta , singe ' like a couple of scarecrow catch in a cornfield fire , still clutch backgammon board and cane . Napier spot someone o.s. and nudge pajetta . they veer off , leave the countess flat . countess vo ( astonished ; call ) wait ... thank you . angle on detective moore and grunberger . 462 descend on Napier and pajetta . moore ( warmly ) Major , emilio ... I be afraid you luck have run out . grunberger it 's a miracle anyone 's alive . pajetta try to keep he scorched cane out of sight . . napier . . . ( hide back - . . gammon board ) * - : . : decent of you chap to come down to meet we . moore ( amaze at they cool ) ' by damn ... get outa here . take care of yourselves . ( start off } grunberger , I be put out a five - two-nine . Napier and pajetta hustle away . sr 463 464 465 465 - a 465 -b 465-c 466 #02075 . 131 . close on countess . ~ 463 watch they a moment , then turn to stare bleakly at : the wreck of the hindenburg - day - stock 464 the Zeppelin be now completely down , hydrogen consume , send - ing up black cloud -- a stripped , glow skeleton . angle on countess 465 numb , she face a mask . with a shudder she pull she tatter : cape around she and move away , anxiously scan the by - stander . angle on trudi 465 - a frantic , nearly out of she mind , darting . this way , then that . she stop , bury she face in she hand and sob . close on countess 465 - B as she see she daughter ; reacting . another angle - including countess and trudi 465-c the countess run toward she , shouting . countess trudi , trudi ... my darling . it 's mother . : the sobbing child , unable to hear , do not move or look up . reaching she , the countess throw she arm around she . '' close on bow a 466 . where the last section .of fabric remain . letter by letter , the flame quickly devour the name hindenburg . the shriek of the steam whistle o.s. stop . in abrupt silence : longer freeze , then CUT to ext . the remains of the hindenburg - another day - matte 467 a brilliant morning ... a cordon of Marines be station around the carcass of the hindenburg . a group of investigative officer , include detective Moore and grunberger , sift through the rubble . tkb 468 469 470 . #02075 132 ext . base of landing mast = day - angle on seven men 468 in conference at the landing mast . they be german ambassador luther , a luftwaffe General , a usaaf General , a dept. of commerce official , Dr. eckener , Commander rosendahl , and Captain pruss , he head , neck and one hand in bandage . close angle on investigator - 469 among the rubble .. they pry open the ship 's tin strongbox and discover it contain only ash . they continue to prowl . grunberger find a shard of china bear the Zeppelin crest , and slip it into he pocket . _ narrator's voice thirteen passenger , . twenty - two member of the crew , and one navy linesman dead . ( a beat ) 2 -- on May 12 , the day of the coronation in London , the United States Department of commerce begin ~° a thorough investigation of the hindenburg disaster . for three week a board of inquiry hear testimony from all qualified wit- ness . the twenty - three survive '' passenger have no real information the communicate . the thirty - nine survive crew member add little more . a murmur , as though come from a great distance -- faint , eerie , indecipherable except for a few word -- can be detect under the narrator 's voice . murmur «eewhat a sight ... thrill ... marvelous ... drop rope .... ext . airfield and shack - day | . . 470 the camera , expléé to find the source of the scarcely audible voice , hover at the shack in b.g. where Radio announcer morrison record the tragedy . but the shack and sandy expanse be desert . narrator's voice . Marshall goer and Dr. Goebbels have order what amount to per - jury at lakehurst . the New Reich could not admit that a resistance -- much less a single saboteur -- have bring down the great symbol of Nazi power . tkb # 02075 133 471 angle on luther , official , two general , eckener , pruss , 471 rosendahl . o get into navy and dept. of commerce car and drive off . ' the voice from nowhere ( hear under narrator 's Voice above ) build a little . Whole phrase can now be distinguished . unknown voice .«-. Riding majestically toward we like some great feather ... stand still now ... landing rope pick up ... begin to unwind from the nose .... camera tilt up flaring into the sun . nothing except a azure blue sky and puffy cloud . cut to 472 ext . the scene of the disaster - another day 472 different now ... the bone have be : pick bare . only flotsam , ash and dust ' be leave . the last of the fracture aluminum structure -- most of it no bigger than kindling size -- have be load onto a scrap metal truck which drive away . coon narrator's voice ) _ the U.S. Department of commerce '' think . it best to avoid a inter - national incident . now the unknown voice -- morrison 's voice -- come in quite distinctly under the narrator . morrison' voice she 's come toward we , and toward the moor mast . camera tilt up to the sky . Music sneak in . and another sound -- a faint , distant throbbing . dee + narrator's voice - . as a’result , the final report of the board state : ' four possible theory have be advanced for the hindenburg disaster which result in the death of thirty - six person . ' a contour begin to materialize in the sky ... ghostly ... a ghost ship ( miniature ) . the music , the throb of diesel , morrison 's voice blend .... : continued oe tkb° 472 '' 473 474 475 #02075 134 continued morrison' voice the sun be strike the window of the observation deck and spark - ling like glitter jewel . this great float palace --- the ghost ship take on definition , become the hindenburg . narrator's voice '... to wit : structural failure ; electrostatic conduction ; St. elmoj fire ; sabotage . none have be prove . ' the great silver Zeppelin loom larger . a subliminal flash shot the hindenburg burst into flame . . ~ narrator's voice " we must conclude , therefore , that it be a Act of God . ' angle toward sky - miniature the ship bear down on camera , she engine reyerberate louder and louder .... morrison' voice ~ ( shouting ) * oh , oh , oh ! it 's burst into : flame ... get this , Charlie -- get this , Charlie . get out of ' the way please . ( wail ) a oh my this be terrible . . oh my --- the hindenburg thunder toward camera , the illustrious name gleam on she bow . ~- . . morrison' voice , : ( almost scream ) it 's flash , flash terrible . this be terrible . this be one of the worst catastrophes in the world . . closer on hindenburg - miniature her huge silver bulk , long as a skyborne train , flow past , the boom of she engine shaking the earth . continued 472 473 474 475 tkb # 02075 . . 135 - 475 continued 475 morrison 's. voice ( wail ) oh the humanity and all the passen - ger . I -- I =-- folk . folk , I be go to have to stop a moment . : I can not go on . . ) but the hindenburg , now indestructible as dream , imagination , or the spirit of adventure , sail on past camera . 476 reverse angle 's 476 on the hindenburg as she sail gracefully away , diminish in the distance . narrator's voice the fate of the hindenburg mean the end - of the hydrogen flight . - but the Zeppelin promise a era ef huge merchant airship now just ever the horizon . by now the hindenburg ys go . the sky be limitless ... theme music build to : the end tkb #02075 appendix window display contain a map of the hindenburg 's route mark by a ribbon extend over a big globe ; a travel poster bear the legend " 2 - 1 /2 day to Europe ; " a oversize ticket with the price of the fare beneath it : '' one - Way $ 450.00 -- round trip $ 810.00 ( double occupancy ) : " a arrangement of scenic photo take from the Zeppelin and mark '' wonder of the hindenburg plight ; " a enlarge facsimile of a menu and a wine list label '' luxury Hotel life in the Air ; " etc . optical montage be compose of such contraption as the montgolfier balloon ( 1783 ) ; giffard 's steam - propel gas bag ( 1852 ) ; wolfert 's dirigible ; lebaudy 's triple cylindroid hull ; andrew ' aereon ( 1866 ) ; renard 's electrical airship ( 1884 ) ; schwartz ' rigid monster ; the Santos -dumont dirigible ( 1898- 1904 ) ; as well as flash shot of illustration from the work of Jules verne , h.g. Wells , Edgar Rice burrough , sci- fi magazine and Tom Swift 's wonderful Flying Machine . the work of the bomb feature two small needle : .a red detonationneedle which remain stationary when set , and the black timer needle which revolve , bringie the bomb to the point of detonation . on the narrow gauge circular rr track around the mast there be three small flat car equip with capstan winch . the guy line drop from the dirigible will be tie to wiring line and then hook to the capstan .