the song of name screenplay by Jeffrey caine adapted from the novel by norman lebrecht serendipity Point film 9 price Street Toronto , on Canada m4w 121 +1 ( 416 ) 960 0030 erendipity wun Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) pel fade in ext . a concert hall , london . 7:25 p.m. ( november 3 , 1951 ) 1 as we look down a gentle rain be fall steadily on a carapace of umbrella , move like the scale of some gigantic mythical reptile . the reptile turn out to be a well - dress crowd swirl around the entrance to the hall and funnell slowly into it ; the same rain roll down poster advertising the event they have all come to see : the debut concert of David eli rapoport , 21 year - old virtuoso violinist . BBC radio presenter ( v.o . ) it be sometimes say that both the shortest and the longest distance in art be that between the very good and the truly great . it may well be that tonight David eli rapoport will cross that divide . that of we who have be privileged to hear he promotional recording be unanimous in declare the extraordinary play of this 21 - year - old Polish immigrant music from the god , the voice of possibly the most naturally gift violinist of he generation ... Cars be pass , Festival of Britain flag fly from the building . pasted across its facade be monochrome publicity blow - up of the lean and byronic rapoport and , plaster diagonally across the poster , strip banner read : '' INTERNATIONAL debut performance 7:30 p.m. november 3rd , 1951 , with another , smaller strip overplaster : '' sold out - return only '' . tout be busy in the crowd , sell outrageously priced ticket to that who have come without one ; there 's a police presence for crowd control - bobby in glisten rain cape - a phalanx of damp press photographer , a St John 's ambulance crew on stand - by . limousine be deliver dignitaries to the front step , chauffeur and assistant shepherd they inside under umbrella . Big event . camera find 21 year -old martin simmond stand at the open stage door , anxiously scan the wet street and check he watch . after a few moment he go back inside . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.2 int . london concert hall , night ( continuous ) ( a’51 ) 2 here there 's every shade of anxiety . the capacity audience be buzzing with restlessness ; the orchestra wait in silence , have long ago finish tuning up . the BBC radio presenter whose voice we have be hearing can be see in the recording booth , hold on to he audience during the delay in the relaxed filibuster style we associate with Richard dimbleby at the coronation [ still two year in the future ] . BBC radio presenter so great have be the impact of rapoport 's recording on the world of classical music that one tend to forget how little know he name still be , and that tonight 's concert will be he first on a international stage ... backstage there 's a frenzy of activity and a slide scale of panic : from the irritation of that mildly inconvenience by the soloist 's lateness to the near hysteria of that most affect , chief among they gilbert simmond Gilbert , the concert 's promoter , be a 56 year - old English gentleman-impresario . he 's stand with he wife , enid ( 52 ) and Martin 's fiancée , 21 year - old helen . they son , Martin , rejoin they as we watch , shaking he head . all be wear evening dress and all be agitate , though none as much as Gilbert . gilbert he 's have a accident . there 's no other explanation - enid we do not know that . gilbert Martin , I have like you to phone the hospital . martin I already do , Father . Mr sanderson 's do it again now . angle on sanderson , the theatre manager , talk urgently on the backstage phone . gilbert have anyone inform the police ? martin too soon for that . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) gilbert how be he this afternoon ? be he all right at rehearsal ? martin he be fine . gilbert do he take he violin with he ? martin he take it everywhere . he take it to the loo . p.3 Gilbert shoot he son a disapprove look . offended by the indelicacy of the comment or by Martin 's attitude ? enid Gilbert , stop work yourself up into a froth . perhaps he watch stop . gilbert a self - wind wristwatch do not stop . enid it do if you drop it . helen he might have get stick in traffic . gilbert ( to Martin ) where do he say be he go after the rehearsal ? martin he do not . helen dovidl do thing he own way , Mr simmond . he 's probably walk . he like walk in the rain . gilbert with a gagliano under he arm ? ( crossing to stage entrance ) have you see who 's out there ? angle on the audience several distinguished - look man and woman wait . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.4 gilbert peer of the realm , member of parliament , the Times music critic . such people be not keep wait - martin he will be here . this mean as much to he as it do to you . gilbert do it really ? martin I know - gilbert you do not know . I be not talk about money . martin I know what you be talk about . gilbert he could be lie in a gutter somewhere - hurt , dead ... ange on auditorium clock : show 7:50 back to gilbert - by now on the edge of tear . the orchestra conductor be look he way , tapping he watch , tilting he head enquiringly . time to cancel . gilbert they 's 1l1 have to be tell . martin want I to do it ? Gilbert shake he head . step through on to the stage . gilbert my lord , lady and gentleman ... ( voice quivering ) it be with great regret that I have to tell you ... the performer you have come to see be unable to be here this evening ... ( gesture helplessly ) refunds may be claim at the box office . he hurry offstage , hold back he tear . ext . simmond house , hampstead , london . day ( summer , 1986 ) 3 title : '' 35 year later '' Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.5 a black cab pull up outside the house and sound its horn . impose and costly when it be build in the 1920 's and own by the simmond family ever since , the house be now run down and in need of repair and repaint . in the double drive sit a single ten- year- old car : a anomaly in this affluent two - car neighbourhood . int . simmond house . day ( s’86 ) 4 the style inside the house be culture , if a little shabby : floor - to-ceil bookshelve in the draw room , full of mostly hardback volume ; a baby grand load with classical sheet music ; somewhat old - fashioned furniture ; soft furnishings in mute colour . a suitcase stand in the hall , a overcoat and umbrella drape across it , a briefcase lean against it . angle on kitchen martin simmond be now in he mid-fifty , he body slim and well keep . helen , whose cheek he be kissing in valediction , be still , at the same age , handsome . helen ( a ritual , this ) take you pill , do not wear the same shirt twice , sell music . martin kiss Emily for I . the minute the baby 's bear , stick it in front of the piano . you can not start too soon . helen ' it 's be a girl , Martin . the scan 's show a girl . granddaughter , not grand piano . I will call you if I be not asleep . martin and if the estimate for the roof come , let I know straight away . helen why ? martin I might have to walk home . save the train fare . the taxi 's horn sound again . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.6 ext . simmond house . day ( s’86 ) 5 Martin emerge , coat , carry suitcase and briefcase , umbrella hook over he arm . he climb into the wait taxi . ext . gateshead railway station - platform . day ( s’86 ) 6 exiting the station , Martin be take aback to find at the barrier the city 's Lord Mayor , charlie froggatt ( 60 + ) , in full regalia , and he driver . martin Charlie froggatt , look at you in you gold chain . do not know this be a civic reception , I have have wear my ermine underwear . the driver take Martin 's suitcase . as they walk towards the station exit : froggatt ( Tyneside accent ) just come from open a diy superstore . you have think they have do it themselves , would not you ? int . daimler ( travelling ) . day ( s’86 ) 7 froggatt so you be still peddle sheet music , I see . martin it 's a live . library and school buy it . froggatt how long you stay ? martin just ' till Friday . froggatt what be you do tonight ? martin hanging myself , I expect . froggatt how about do a old friend a favour first ? Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.7 martin this old friend get any pull with the library Committee ? froggatt you do one for I , I 'il do one for you . martin that 's how the great War start . ( a beat ) what 's the favour ? froggatt jury service . ( off Martin 's reaction ) competition jury . Tyneside Young musician of the Year . it 's world famous . martin not the world I live in . froggatt under - 18 's who have slip through the music education net - they actually play a instrument . you would be non-play Chairman . martin you have get to be joke . froggatt I never joke about Tyneside . you would just be a figurehead . like I . you be still a name in the music world , man . you dad know paderewski , for chrissake . martin I be not my father , Charlie . and he do not judge paderewski 's musicianship . froggatt we have get a couple of long -hair in for that - Tom Noble and Jenny Burrows , you know Jenny . you get the casting vote if they hang . martin forget it , Charlie . I be here to sell , not buy . froggatt this kid be next year 's customer . ( more ) Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.8 froggatt ( cont would ) Chairman of the library Committee happen to be my grandson 's girlfriend 's uncle . martin talk about connect ! ext . gateshead - day ( s’86 ) the limo crossing the tyne Bridge . froggatt ( v.o. ) pick you up at eight . int . community hall , gateshead . night ( s’86 ) a pack hall , a old steinway grand onstage . below the stage , seat at a trestle table , the panel of five competition judge : Martin at they centre , jenny burrow ( 50 ) on he leave , tom noble ( 68 ) on he right . charlie froggatt onstage in he mayoral regalia . froggatt ..- and I have every confidence this year 's finalist will maintain the high musical standard for which Tyneside be justly famous .... shout of approval from the audience . tom ( to Martin ) Vienna of the north-east . froggatt so without further ado , let competition commence , and may music speak louder than word . he sit down to modest applause . a montage follows , with cut between the performers and the judge complete there MARK sheet the first finalist be a 10 year -old girl play the bach chaconne for clarinet . panning the five MARK sheet home-made , on council-heade notepaper , the mark sheet be divide into three hand - draw column head '' technique '' , '' interpretation '' and '' musicality '' , with a fourth column for total . the girl 's score out of ten be uniformly in the four- five range . she score lowest on interpretation . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.9 - a 11 year -old boy cellist play kreisler 's liebesleid with piano accompaniment . he 's good for he age but in no way outstanding . five and the odd six . - the adjudicator , start to look glaze . Jenny glance at she watch . - 16 year - old maria korvinsky , rippling off Beethoven 's bagatelle in G minor as though warming up . the audience applause be appropriately mighty . the judge be smile now , lavish nine and ten . gold find in a middan . barring a further miracle , they have get they winner . jenny ( through applause ) can we go home now ? martin one genius , Jenny . might be two . jenny aye , well , it be gateshead . froggatt have come back onstage . froggatt we final Young musician hail from South shield . he 's 14 year old and have already tour internationally with the Tyneside youth orchestra ... tom ( aside ) Wale and the Isle of man . froggatt ... so please put you hand together for Peter stemp . peter stemp , a bad acne case , step onstage and ready himself to play he three - year - old japanese fiddle . angle on ellen stemp ( 40 ) , he proud mother , in the front row of the audience . then Peter do something very odd . Prior to play he competition piece the boy reach into he pocket , pull out a block of rosin and ritualistically swipe he bow string with it - first a broad upward sweep , then a match downward sweep . finally , before put the rosin away and tucking the violin back under he chin - he touch the rosin to he lip 10 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.10 there be some titter from the audience at the gesture . close on martin he be not tittering . his reaction be out of all keep with what have occur . it 's a reaction of such shock and emotion , so sudden and overwhelming , that it have drain the colour from he face . tom ( to Martin ) you all right , man ? Martin do not answer . too stunne to speak . Peter begin to play the second movement of tartini 's '' Devil 's trill '' sonata for solo violin - a difficult piece beyond he skill level , and it show . but though he musicianship be far from exceptional it 's clear that someone , at some time , have teach he some old - fashioned kreislerian slide and a particular treatment of the rosin that very few teacher would countenance and no violinist in the history of solo performance would ever exhibit in public ... save only one . angle on peter stemp as he play , slide inexpertly ... angle on martin as he listen ... int . simmond house . day ( a’39 ) 10 ..- and the play change , as the tartini fade and we hear a exuberant wieniawski violin piece , play by a immeasurably superior violinist . angle on david eli rapoport ( dovidl ) , age 9 , as he play , slide with arrogant kreislerian exuberance ... angle on the OPEN doorway where 9 year-old martin be watch and listen from the hallway . the emotion on he young face : jealousy and resentment . the small draw room audience be compose of gilbert ( 44 here ) ; enid ( 39 ) ; professor carl flesch ( 58 ) - hungarian - bear soloist and London 's most celebrate pre-war violin teacher ; and zygmunt rapoport ( 40 ) , dovidl 's prematurely bald Polish - jewish father , a Warsaw costume jeweller : not a refugee but with the abandon wear - down look of one . dovidl - black hair shiny as jet , leg stick - thin in calf - length short - be play with the flashy show - off style of a child genius who know that only time and practice stand between he and he birthright : world - renown as a virtuoso . flesch and Gilbert be listen pleasurably , nodd , know it too . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p-l1l Martin be two month older than dovidl . his grey flannel short be the right length for London juvenile fashion of the day - the only edge it seem he have on this exotic interloper . dovidl finish the piece . he look up , await request for a encore ; spot Martin in the doorway , meet he eye briefly , look away . gilbert Professor flesch ? what do you think ? flesch too many flourish . ( to dovidl ) you be not kreisler , young man . dovidl kreisler be not rapoport . a statement of calculate precocity . it bring chuckle . zygmunt ( to flesch ) you will teach he ? he be genius . flesch I be send ten geniuse a month , Pan rapoport . if you son accept that he have still something to learn , perhaps I can teach he something . you be stay in London ? zygmunt no , I go back to Warsaw , to my wife and daughter .... if I can find somebody to take David ... I leave he here . flesch safer . give the situation in Poland . gilbert ( thoughtful ) very much so . zygmunt do you know of jewish family , Mr simmond ? I can pay a little ... gilbert as it happen I do have a family in mind , Mr rapoport . it be not jewish , but it be musical , and will cost you nothing . ( more ) Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.12 gilbert ( cont would ) I can promise you the tenet of you religion would be fully respected , its requirement meet in every regard . Gilbert look across at he wife . he almost certainly have not consult she about this considerable commitment , a autocratic decision typical of the man . enid give nothing back - neither consent nor refusal , approval nor disapproval . Zygmunt be aware how great a commitment this be . it entail , among other thing , kosher food , Hebrew lesson , sabbath observance . if he appear to hesitate , consider where he have come from . Zygmunt cannot conceive of a gentile Polish paterfamilias make such a offer . zygmunt this be English family ? gilbert it be . ( a beat ) my own son be David 's age . they would share a bedroom . angle on martin outrage on he face . the brilliant interloper be to be admit to residence , it seem , without any family consultation at all . Zygmunt 's eye be sparkling with tear . he embrace Gilbert , who stand stiffly to receive the embrace , embarrassed by this un - English gesture , not know where to put he hand . stepping back , Zygmunt reach into he pocket and pull from it a velvet - cover ring box . ceremoniously he present it to he son , the tear overflow now . the boy open the box . close on ring BOX the inside lid be stamp , in gold leaf lettering : '' rapoport warszawa '' . but there be no ring inside . only a small amber block of rosin , pristine and gleam . everybody smile as dovidl remove the rosin and swipe it experimentally along he bow string : first with a stylish upward flourish , then with a downward . he touch the rosin to he lip . Gilbert and Zygmunt applaud . it 's a subtle little ritual whose meaning seem to have elude enid , the give of this box : partly a jeweller 's joke , partly a expression of hope , partly a father 's farewell bless . 11 12 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.13 with he ritualistic stroking of the bow dovidl have improvise a witty variation : take the rosin for a run , as it be , as though the gift have be a stradivarius . the kiss on the rosin be for he father , whom he be aware he may never see again . [ for Peter stemp 47 year later it will be a magical ritual entirely without meaning . ] ext . simmond house . day ( a’39 ) 11 his cardboard suitcase at he foot , Zygmunt be about to leave for the bus stop , first leg of he journey back to Poland - to what we now know will be invasion , occupation , ghetto and death camp - and though he do not know what he 's return to , Zygmunt seem to intuit it . hence the passion he put into he last tearful embrace of the son he may never see again . to Martin and he parent , watch from the doorstep , this be yet another public display of emotion that make they uncomfortable . it be not anti-semitism , it be not coldness ; it 's English reserve . int . HOTEL dine room , gateshead . day ( s’86 ) 12 the day follow the competition Martin be lunching with Peter stemp and he mother , ellen ( 46 ) : a woman of modest mean , wear she best two - piece for the occasion . on the table be the Northern echo : international and local news with a Tyneside flavour ; several column inch give to last night 's music competition : picture a toothy Maria korvinsky accept she prize from Mayor froggatt . ellen so what 's this about ? you do not give Peter the prize , now we be have this posh lunch . why ? martin that be not my decision . ellen you would have make he the winner , then ? if it be up to you . martin the girl 's already there , Mrs stemp . Peter need more time ... better tuition . ( attempt the casual ) who 's be teach he ? ellen he get lesson in school . I can not afford fancy teacher . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.14 martin we could discuss that . ellen know a good cheap one , do you ? martin several good , none cheap . ellen in South shield ? martin London . ellen just have to sell the yacht , then , will not I ? martin I will find a way to cover Peter 's tuition during he school holiday . and a family in London he can stay with . ellen look to Peter . he 's nodd . want it . ellen ( indicate newspaper ) why he ? why not what ’s-her -face ? martin her too . ellen you think Pete 's that good , then ? martin he ’1ll never be a heifetz . but he could make a live with a orchestra . or teach . ( to Peter ) who 's be teach you , Peter ? peter School . martin and who else ? you have have a few tip off someone . Peter shrug . martin that thing you do with the rosin .... Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) peter that 's for good luck . I can stop . martin what 's he name ? maybe I know he . a moment of hesitation , then - peter you do not know he . martin I think I might . he use to be a virtuoso . do he tell you that ? Peter smile now . peter I do not think so . martin dsark hair , about my age ? ellen it 's not Pete you want , be it ? a harshness have enter she voice . she 's work bursary , the promise of a management contract - something other than Peter stemp . ellen come on , Pete . we be go . ( to Martin ) thanks for the dinner . p.15 it out . the they be about take Peter by the hand , she pull he to he foot . they leave the dining room without look back . 13 int . martin 's HOTEL room , gateshead . night ( s’86 ) 13 Martin be perch on he bed , on the phone to helen . martin ( to phone ) what be they call it ? sorry , her. ( wince ) Lovely name . kiss little cressida for I , I will see she Sunday . ( a pause ) helen ...? I think I might have find he . there 's no response . no request to identify the silence . '' he '' . just 14 15 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.16 martin do you hear what I say ? int . simmond house . night ( simultaneous ) ( s’86 ) 14 helen 's in bed , she book set aside to take Martin 's call . helen ( to phone , tonelessly ) I hear . goodnight , Martin . int . martin 's bedroom , simmond house . night ( a’39 ) 15 this be the first time Martin and dovidl have be leave alone together . dovidl be in the bedroom doorway with he cheap suitcase between he foot , wait to be invite in . dovidl ( heavily accented ) I sleep here , yes ? martin no . I do not want you in my room . I like be on my own . dovidl be not you choose . martin wrong , clever . it be my '' choose '' . I have to say if it 's all right and if it be not you go back to Poland , and the Germans be go to invade Poland . you 'il have to wear a yellow star and get bashed up by brownshirt . dovidl what be '' bashed up '' , please ? a pause . martin you better not snore , that 's all . dovidl what be snore ? Martin do the sound for he . dovidl pull a small notebook and pencil from he pocket and record the word . dovidl if I snore I snore in tune . I be musician . you play ? Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.17 martin piano , a bit . dovidl be good for accompanist . chess ? martin a bit . dovidl ( grin ) everything for you be bit . I be genius . I help you , you will be bit genius . martin Bet I could get you down . dovidl 's pencil get busy a second time . another new word . dovidl what be '' get down '' , please ? Martin jump he . operative definition . the boy wrestle , grunt and snort . but eventually it 's the wiry dovidl who wrestle Martin to the ground and sit on he chest , pin he arm . dovidl also fight a bit . martin ( terminal frustration ) bloody foreigner ! you can not even talk proper English ! dovidl you speak Polish ? Russian ? yiddish ? german ? Hebrew ? martin I do not have to . I be not one of you lot . dovidl what be '' lot '' ? martin foreigner . we be in England , stupid . dovidl climb off he , retrieve he notebook ; wag it . dovidl wait six month . 16 17 18 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.18 martin what 's you name , anyway ? dovidl dovid eli rapoport . my family call I dovidl . you ? martin Martin L. simmond . dovidl I call you mottl. int . gateshead HOTEL bedroom . morning ( s’86 ) 16 Martin be eat a room -service breakfast at a small wheeled table when there 's a tentative knock at the door . he open to : peter stemp martin Peter . where 's you mother ? he check the corridor . no ellen . come alone . peter I ' 1l take you to he . ext . gateshead . day ( s’86 ) 17 they have come by taxi to a underpass entrance : a pedestrian tunnel beneath a busy urban road . ext / int . subway . day ( s’86 ) 18 as Martin and Peter descend the step we ’1ll hear a distant violin play - with only moderate competence - the Rolling Stones 's '' paint it Black '' . Martin 's face fall . whoever be play , it be not dovidl . as they get closer , so do the music . a turn in the tunnel reveal ... a busker the busker be billy , a unkempt grizzly - bearded man in he seventies , wear a stain raincoat , football sock and dirty plimsoll . he 's play on a cheap fiddle - complete with unwanted echoe off the tile wall . on the floor at he foot , among the crisp packet and banana skin , be he cap : dot with a handful of low- value coin . 19 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.19 though he have know from the first bow-stroke that this could not be dovidl , Martin wilt with disappointment . billy nod a acknowledgement at Peter but barely glance at Martin as he finish the piece with a flourish of poorly execute kreisleresque slide . then out come the rosin , follow by that ritualistic up - and -down stroking of the bowstring with which we be become familiar , and the valedictory kiss to the rosin , a magical ritual as meaningless to billy as it be to Peter . peter this be Mr simmond , billy . he 's gonna pay for I to have lesson . in London . billy ( London accent ) what do I tell you ? ( to Martin ) told he he have get discover . martin he say you have be help he . billy ( laugh ) show he a couple of thing . martin where do you learn to play ? billy taught meself . Martin take out he wallet . extract a fiver , drop it in the hat . billy that 's very kind of you , sir . martin teach yourself that kreisler slide , do you , billy ? billy 's face set . billy who want to know ? martin you best customer . int . cafe , gateshead . day ( s’86 ) 19 billy , Peter and Martin be drink thick tea from thick , white mug at a formica-topped table . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.20 billy he never tell I he name . it be year ago . martin where do you meet he ? billy London . I use to work the cinema queue up west - when they have cinema queue . I be not bad then - martin what year ? billy ( think ) High noon . when be that ? martin 452 , I think . go on . billy so I be outside the odeon , yeah , play the theme music - you know , from the film - and this cheeky little bugger come up , tell I I could do with some lesson . ' oh , yeah , 's I say . ' who from ? 's ' I do not normally give lesson , 's he say , only he 's save up for this trip he want to go on , so how much can I afford to pay he ? I tell he to get knotted . do not even know he can play , do I ? martin I assume he demonstrate . billy take I violin right out I hand . you never hear nothing like it in you life . Magic . like something off the wireless . ( shake he head in wonder ) crowd start chuck half crown , ten -bob note . I give he half . Fair 's fair , right ? martin what do he look like ? billy like he could do with a square meal . 20 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.21 martin when be the last time you see he ? billy important , be it ? Martin deposit another fiver on the sticky table top . billy he give I a few lesson . twice a week for a bit . one day he do not turn up . never see he again . must have go on he trip . martin do he say where ? billy do not make much sense , like , but that 's why I remember it . Martin wait . billy wait . another fiver go down . billy Said he be go home to play for the ash . that 's cricket , innit ? when England play Australia . ( Martin nod ) do not make sense ' cos he do not sound like a aussie . ' who be you , then ? 's I say . ' Don bleed bradman ? 's martin his exact word ? billy 's brow furrow with the effort of recall . billy something about a song . go home - to play a song . ( a beat ) for the ash . on martin this do not mean anything to we but it contain a world of meaning for Martin . int . simmond house . night ( a’39 ) 20 a family dinner be be eat in silence as everybody listen to the evening news on the wireless . it 's a Friday night and for dovidl 's benefit there be sabbath candle on the table and a loaf of chala wrap in a white cloth . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.22 we should note that dovidl 's dinner plate contain different food from the other 's , mostly vegetable . the news be all about the german blitzkrieg of Poland : the bombing of Warsaw , the collapse of the Polish army . the phoney War be a few day old . dovidl 's 's face reflect he struggle to contain he emotion . he 's learn to be English . gilbert I be sure you family will be all right , David . enid have you write home , David ? dovidl I be write letter . gilbert good lad . dovidl you permit I make more letter now ? gilbert permission grant , old chap . as dovidl prepare to leave the table - martin he have not finish he dinner . gilbert special dispensation . go and finish you letter , David . dovidl slide off he seat and leave the room . martin it 's not fair . gilbert what be not ? martin all this . no bacon allow in the house , no milk pudding , special food for the genius , and he do not even have to eat it . enid if you would like to take over prepare David 's food you may have a say in whether he eat it . 21 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.23 martin and he 's a liar . he stop write two week ago . enid it be not very nice , Martin , to tell tale on a friend . martin my friend do not wet the bed . the simmond adult exchange a look . gilbert consider the position he family be in , I would say wetting the bed be the least we can expect from he . enid ( to Martin ) why do not you go and see if you can cheer he up . martin do not look all that down to I . gilbert that 's a wick thing to say ! go to you room ! martin not my room , be it . he go . int . landing / the boy 's bedroom . night ( a’39 ) 21 through the partly open door we catch dovidl look at a photograph and cry . it 's a sepia studio portrait of the rapoport family take in Warsaw in 1937 : dovidl 's father and mother stand side by side ; in front of they , dovidl age seven between he two sister : pessia ( 9 ) and malkeh ( 5 ) . pessia have she arm around dovidl 's shoulder ; dovidl 's arm be around malkeh 's . all five be solemn and unsmile , in the portrait style of the time . as Martin enter dovidl slide the photo under he pillow . Martin do not see it . try to recover he equilibrium , dovidl blow he nose . dovidl I have cold . a sudden unexpected shaft of compassion pierce Martin 's juvenile soul . 22 23 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.24 martin they will be all right . we ’1ll smash the jerries up for you . no - one stand up to the british Army . dovidl you be child . martin play you a game of chess if you want . dovidl chess with you take my mind two minute . martin ( a grin ) Three . I feel lucky . ext . hampstead . day ( a‘39 ) 22 the two boy be freewheel down a hill on they bike , play '' chicken '' . Martin be the first to swerve - avoid a horse - draw milk float . dovidl sail on , miss the float by inch , and in pass swipe a pint . Riding no - hand , he pierce the top with he finger while still on the move and swig from the bottle . it 's Martin who get nab by the milkman - momentarily catch by he coat - before he break away and pedal madly down the hill after dovidl , who have disappear from view . milkman thieve little bleeder ! ext . hampstead heath . day ( a’39 ) 23 Martin find dovidl wait in they private spot on the heath : beneath a large tree , overlook the pond . eat a kit kat [ n.b . wartime issue : blue wrapper , dark chocolate , price 3d ] . grinning in triumph , dovidl offer Martin a finger of kit kat . martin think you say this be not kosher . dovidl you rabbi now ? 24 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.25 martin where would you get it ? dovidl you pocket . he proffer the milk bottle . Martin take a swig . dovidl we make good team , yes ? embarrass by dovidl 's open acknowledgement of what in a London boy 's world should remain implicit , Martin spray he with milk . dovidl respond by jump on he playfully . they wrestle stand up for a few moment , then both boy step back to face one another and go by tacit agreement into they slow motion boxer routine . this consist of each deliver in turn a slo - mo punch which the other have the option either to dodge in slow motion or to receive as a simulate blow , rock back under the pretend impact with appropriate facial grimace . int . hallway , professor flesch 's studio . day ( winter 1940 ) 24 dovidl have come for he violin lesson , accompany by gilbert . on the landing outside flesch 's studio they meet jozef wechsler ( 18 ) about to descend . he 's carry a very old violin case , housing the virtuoso 's badge of office : a very old violin . jozef Professor flesch be not here . I have be wait a hour . gilbert do you know where he be ? jozef back in hungary , probably . he think the waffen ss be come over London Bridge . his glance , find dovidl , take in he leatherette - cover violin case , doubtless contain a cheap violin . jozef ( to Gilbert , with a inclination of the head ) jozef wechsler . of Warsaw . you will have hear of I . gilbert Gilbert simmond . I believe Professor flesch have mention you . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.26 dovidl 's look be one of undisguise envy . wechsler , already a international name at eighteen and with the arrogance of a young god , be who he want to be - preferably tomorrow . dovidl ( to jozef ) dovid eli rapoport . also of Warsaw . Professor flesch have speak of you to I also . jozef he have not speak of you . ( to Gilbert ) you boy will need to find a new teacher . you know Dr steiner of leipzig ? gilbert I know of he . jozef he have play mozart with Einstein . he be in London now . dovidl I learn physics , I go Einstein . gilbert Mr wechsler be not recommend Einstein as a violin teacher , David . dovidl I practise alone . jozef and from whom will you learn humility ? dovidl not from you . with a sad shake of the head , jozef leave . int . simmond house . day ( w’40 ) 25 have return home , Gilbert and dovidl enter the live room to find Martin practise at the piano . gilbert ( to dovidl ) actually , steiner 's not a bad idea . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.27 dovidl I do not need teacher . only to practise . gilbert who will make sure you do not skip the tricky bit when you finger be hurt ? Martin swing around on the piano stool . martin how about I ? dovidl hah . Boy of ten . martin older than you . dovidl fifty -five day older ... ( calculate ) .»»- one point five - one percent . one - and - six out of a fiver . small change . martin that 's six kit kat - gilbert boy ! please . it 's a very mature undertake . martin I be more mature than he be . dovidl hah . this initiate another ritual . momentarily forget he father 's presence , Martin jump off the stool and launch into the slow motion boxer routine . gilbert boy , if you have finish demonstrate you maturity - they stop . gilbert ( cont 'd ) ( to Martin ) suppose some difficulty be to arise that I need to know about , and you friend ask you to keep it from I . would not that be a conflict of loyalty ? Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.28 martin my loyalty 's to you , Father . Gilbert put he arm around both boy 's shoulder . gilbert we will give it a go . int . simmond house . day ( s’86 ) 26 returning from gateshead , Martin lug he suitcase into the house . he find helen in the live room , mark school essay and too absorb to hear he enter . he cross to she , kiss the nape of she neck . martin I might have be a burglar . helen with he own key ? martin locksmith by trade . how 's Emily ? helen bloom . martin and little isolde ? what be it ? helen cressida . can not read , write or play a note but she know she name . you 'il see she tomorrow . a pause . silence . helen how be you trip ? martin I make back the train fare . a longer pause . helen so ? what do you find ? martin dovidl be still in London in 1952 . helen there 's a hot trail for you . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.29 martin it mean whatever he reason for not turn up , it be not because he be dead . we never know that for sure before . helen just because he be alive thirty - odd year ago do not mean he be now . martin he 's we age . why would not he be ? helen this go to be you new hobby , Martin ? find David after half a lifetime so he can spit in you eye again ? martin if you would lose a brother - helen ( cut in ) he be not you brother . martin he feel like a brother . helen and what do I feel like ? martin what ? helen to you . martin this be not a competition . helen everything 's a competition . read you darwin . martin helen , I be tired , I be hungry , I need a bath and I do not want to have this conversation . helen then we will have it later , when you be feed and rest . martin no , you can do it solo - both part . i’1l be the audience . 26 a 27 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.30 he turn to leave . helen where do he go in 1952 ? martin I think you be not interested . helen ( shrug ) historical curiosity . martin Poland . he go to Poland . he go out and close the door behind he . helen remain in she chair but do not resume she mark . ext . simmond house . early evening ( a’40 ) 26 a blast tape on the window of house . a car pass with its headlight shade . a military lorry drop Gilbert at the house . int . simmond house . early evening ( continuous ) ( a’40 ) 27 same room as scene 25 and 26 , same piano , but with the furnishings of the period ; complete with tape window and not- yet-drawn blackout curtain . no light be on and the room be gloomy . barely able to see he music , Martin be at the piano , accompany dovidl ; play chord to which dovidl be practise he staccato technique . suddenly dovidl stop play . Martin carry on for a moment or two before he register this . then he , too , stop ; swivel on the stool to face dovidl . martin I do not say you could stop . dovidl my neck be hurt . [ n.b. dovidl 's English be already far less heavily accented . ] martin it 's suppose to . he swivel back to the keyboard . dovidl I have do enough . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.31 Martin swivel back to dovidl . martin I decide when you have do enough . dovidl pick up he violin case . martin I 'il tell he , dov. I mean it . dovidl tittle-tattle . martin baby . Gilbert enter the room , wear a arp armband ( Air raid precaution - a warden ) . gilbert sorry to interrupt , boy . he cross to the window , close the blackout curtain , switch on the light . gilbert ( cont 'd ) now you can see what you be do . silence from the boy . gilbert ( cont 'd ) how be you Hebrew lesson go David ? happy with Mr rosenthal 's teach ? I know you be get along well with Mr. Cohen . dovidl ( proudly ) he join up . r.a.f. gilbert yes , I know . important that you keep on with you religious study . I promise you father . as Gilbert turn away ; dovidl they do not say Hebrew word same as in Poland , Mr. simmond gilbert then ... he 's about to recommend that dovidl learn the british style of pronunciation , but in that instant realise that the european style may soon cease to exist . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.31a gilbert say they the way you be teach in Poland . dovidl thank you , Mr simmond . gilbert ( to Martin ) how 's the violin come along ? Martin exchange a look with dovidl . if he 's go to rat he out , this be the moment . it 's a long moment . 28 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.32 martin all right . gilbert what 's he work on ? dovidl staccato , Mr simmond . gilbert good , good . ( indicate window ) well , you may as well keep at it till herr Hitler 's gétterdammerung start up . he go out . martin you owe I one . dovidl how you make that out ? martin I could have tell he . I do not . dovidl View from the piano stool . here be stand view : I know you should tell he . I know you do not . he do not know it . but as Martin begin to play the AIR raid siren start up . a moment later the electricity fail and the light go off . ext . AIR raid shelter entrance . same night ( a’40 ) 28 the promise gétterdammerung . bomb fall , the flash of incendiary , searchlight and tracer illuminate the sky . Gilbert , enid , Martin and dovidl be descend the step into the shelter : enid and Martin lug blanket , thermos flask , sandwich ; dovidl carry only he violin case . dovidl stop to look up at the light show in the sky . martin you want to get kill ? dovidl be not my destiny . it would have be like this - Warsaw would have be like this . 29 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.33 martin could not have be worse . come on . dovidl do not move . martin ( cont 'd ) look , if we be okay they probably be too . you mum and dad , you sister . they have have have the sense to go to the shelter . dovidl look how beautiful it be . martin it 's not art , dovidl . it 's bloody life and death . dovidl so be art . a lone figure approach , also head for shelter : jozef wechsler ( now nearly 20 ) , carry only he case violin . Martin nudge dovidl . look who it be . dovidl ( to Martin ) so what ? you want plaque ? '' jozef wechsler cower here , 1940 . " ? jozef pass without acknowledge they . dovidl ( to jozef : attempt inclusiveness ) hampstead shelter orchestra . jozef what instrument do you play ? have deliver this majestic put-down , wechsler surge regally past a dovidl too stunne to reply . int . AIR raid shelter . night ( a’40 ) 29 jozef have settle among the crowd , campe as far as possible from the simmondses . as Martin , Gilbert and enid busy themselves spread blanket and pillow , dovidl remove he modest little violin from its case . he stroke the bowstring with he block of Warsaw rosin , kiss the rosin , then casually begin to play a jaunty classical piece . 30 31 yellow - son d9.3 ( 11/15/2018 ) p.34-34A Gilbert 's face display pride ; jozef be try to show amused indifference . but it seem there 's only so much a genius can stand . unable to resist , jozef at last take up he own venerable instrument and join in , merge seamlessly with dovidl . there be no apparent disparity in skill between this two performer and what at first seem a co-operative exercise soon grow savagely competitive - - as jozef switch suddenly to a more demand piece - - and dovidl match he effortlessly , bar for bar , finesse for finesse - - and dovidl switch to a notoriously tricky paganini caprice - - and jozef meet the challenge unerringly . both of they smile . jozef think : ' this kid 's not half bad . 's ext warsaw airport . day ( s’86 ) 30 a british Airways plane be about to land ... ...- Martin exit the terminal and climb into a taxi ext . warsaw . day ( s’86 ) 31 Martin 's taxi on its way from the airport to the city centre . angle from taxi - martin be Pov : 1986 warsaw cityscape this be a Warsaw far remove from the pre-war city dovidl would have know as a boy but not much different from the one he visit in 1953 , except that solidarnosc flag and hoarding proliferate along the roadside and on the facade of building . the taxi driver be a man in he seventies . the car radio be play softly in the background . martin do Warsaw have a musician 's Union ? warsaw taxi driver no English . martin un-i-on . Music ? warsaw taxi driver Nie rozumiem . the driver turn up the volume on he radio . yellow - son d9.3 ( 11/15/2018 ) p.34-340a on martin the search be not go to be as easy as he think . 32 yellow - son d9.3 ( 11/15/2018 ) p.35 ext . hampstead STREET . day ( s’43 ) 32 more than two year after the blitz , London have take a unexpected overnight pasting from the luftwaffe . the boy be stand on the rim of a smoking bombsite , hold they bike , peer into the rubble . martin think we have the blitz two year ago . dovidl this be a footnote . ( a beat ) look , there 's a body . angle - a arm protrude from behind a half - demolish wall . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.36 Martin follow dovidl as he pick he way over the rubble towards it . he stoops to retrieve something shiny . he hold it up for Martin to see . a silver bracelet . martin have it get a name on it ? dovidl shake he head . pocket the bracelet . he move out of sight behind the wall , which have a carpete staircase still intact against it . Martin pull a kit kat bar from he pocket ; unwrap it and take a bite , surveying the wreckage as he munch . a moment or two pass , then dovidl reappear , a purse in he hand . martin ( horrify ) what be you do !? dovidl it 's Mrs Harris . she 's on my paper round . the face be go but I recognise the purse . he open the purse , and with a triumphant yell extract a pound note . dovidl treasure of the mummy 's tomb ! martin ( appal ) do you know what you get for robbing the dead ? dovidl pound note . martin a fire squad . dovidl make he way over to where Martin be stand and pass he without pause , flap the banknote . dovidl eighty kit kat , mott . martin ( call after he ) it be not yours ! dovidl I do not mind share . reaching the street , he mount he bike and pedal away . 33 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.37 ext . hampstead heath . day ( later ) ( s’43 ) 33 they have repair to they private spot on the heath to smoke cigarettes and drink brown ale from bottle . dovidl be set out on the grass a array of raunchy play card , each depict a nude woman in a saucy pose . dovidl who do you fancy ? the ace of club have the best tit , the four of diamond be the best bum . martin you bar mitzvah 's in ten day , dov . you be suppose to be a man . look at picture of naked woman do not make you a man . dovidl neither do watch shirley Smith undress through binocular . martin that be a scientific experiment . dovidl in what ? team wank ? anyway , you do not look like a man . martin neither do you . dovidl more than you . martin bollock . dovidl that too . martin be a man do not mean that , do it ? dovidl what be you now , a talmud scholar ? what do it mean , o wise one ? martin among other thing , respect the dead . dovidl why ? because they be dead ? out of interest , be they suppose to know they be be respected ? 34 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.38 martin they love one know . dovidl Mrs Harris do not have any love one . no - one 's go to miss she . mind you , she make good fishcake . I will miss she fishcake . martin ( truly appal ) be that all she mean to you ? dovidl what else ? martin this be a human person , dov . she probably go to bed last night plan to ... I do not know , make fishcake , and she end up dead in the rubble of she house . do not you feel anything ? dovidl turn to look at he . dovidl do you know how many people die last night , mottl ? I do not just mean in London . across occupy Europe . shot , bayonett , blow up , starve , burnt alive , hang - martin that 's not the point . dovidl ten of thousand . and no - one even know they name . so tell I , little man from nw3 , which one do I have to '' feel '' for ? all of they or just the one I trip over the morning after ? int . synagogue . day ( s’43 ) 34 discover gilbert and martin sitting together at the back , wear skullcap for respect but as out of place as hottentot at a Greek wedding . they be attract curious look from the regular congregation ( this be the synagogue dovidl regularly attend ) , none of whom have see they here before . camera find enid , alone in the woman 's section , even more isolate . 35 36 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.39 on dovidl wearing a dark blue suit and embroider silk kippah , the bar mitzvah boy be at the bimah , fluently recite he Hebrew torah portion . dovidl ( ...) Lay yisyatzev ish bifneychem : pakh 's khem umayraakhem yiten adonay elaykhekhem al penay khol hooretz asher tidrekhi vah , kaasher diber lokhem . the torah be cover . dovidl borikh atoh adonay , elayheyni melekh hoaylom , asher nosan loni tayras eme v’khayei aylom nota b’saykheni . borikh ato adonai nayseyn hatayroh . dovidl ( --- ) no man shall stand up to you : the lord you God will put the dread and the fear of you over the whole land in which you set foot , as he promise you . dovidl we praise you , eternal God , sovereign of the Universe : you have give we a torah of truth , implant within we eternal life . we praise you , o God , giver of the torah . congregation congregation shekoyach ! May you force grow ! ext . fryderyk chopin university of music . day ( s’86 ) 35 a ' modern 's concrete structure in central Warsaw , build in the sixty . int . fryderyk chopin university of music . day ( s’86 ) 36 photograph of prominent Polish musician decorate the wall , several violinist among they . away down the corridor a chamber orchestra can be hear practise . Martin arrive at the door to a administrative office . Inside he find a middle - age female receptionist . martin dobry dzien , pani . no response . obviously do not speak she own language . martin do you speak English ? the receptionist tilt she head . a tentative yes , possibly . 36 a 37 38 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.40 martin I be look for a violinist - David eli rapoport . he be not one of you graduate but he might have perform here in the ' fifty ... int . archive , f. chopin university of music . day ( s’86 ) 36 a a secretary produce a heavy bound volume and plop it down in front of Martin . insert list of name as Martin scan it . hundred of name and date of graduation . many name end in - ski and - iscz . radivicz ... rakowicz ... razinsky . no rapoport . martin this be all graduate of the school . be not there a record of musician who have play here ? secretary for record store you go srédmiescie . martin I do not mean a recording . a write record . he tap the book sharply in demonstration . the secretary respond by close the book with a snap . his tap see as a violation . on martin although he do not expect instant success , he expression show he disappointment . he realize it 's a hopeless task without at least a work knowledge of Polish . martin thank you . dziekuje ci. he turn and leave . int . / ext . bailey 's of broadwick STREET . night ( s’43 ) 37 Gilbert arrive by taxi with the two boy outside one of London 's most venerable musical instrument seller . int . bailey 's. night ( s’43 ) 38 he be greet warmly by adrian bailey ( 57 ) as a value customer of long stand . dismiss Martin with a glance , Bailey contemplate dovidl appraisingly . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.41 bailey how old be the boy ? dovidl the boy 's thirteen . gilbert a man , Mr Bailey - in David 's culture . take dovidl 's leave hand in both he own , Bailey flexe dovidl 's finger . bailey good finger . ( to Gilbert ) do you have a luthier in mind ? gilbert nothing outrageously expensive , Mr Bailey . but a good one . bailey let 's leave the strad to the millionaire . I have something special for he . Bailey smile , then disappear into a back room . Martin be scowling . a few moment of awkward silence pass before Bailey return hold a wear violin case and a bow . he set the case down and extract the instrument . at the sight of it dovidl 's eye gleam with avarice . bailey this be a nicolo gagliano filio . he hand bow and violin to dovidl , who receive they with the reverence due a holy relic . bailey ( cont . ) the son of alessandro gagliano make this instrument in 1735 , the year of he father 's death . many think it be a tribute violin. ( to dovidl ) and you father - martin Foster father . 39 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.42 Gilbert glare at he son . bailey -..- do not have to be rothschild to afford it . gilbert happy bar mitzvah , David . dovidl thank you , sir . martin where 's mine ? forced laughter from the two man . if Gilbert be aware how cruel he 's be to he natural son he be not show it . but dovidl be too distract to spare a think for Martin . he 's examine the instrument with a lustful eye . take the ring box from he pocket , he extract he block of rosin , swipe the bowstring with it - once up , once down - then kiss the rosin . Bailey shoot Gilbert a enquire look but no explanation be offer . dovidl have tuck the gagliano under he chin and be testing its range and resonance , play short snatch of music in various style and in rapid succession . a smile of pleasure extend across Bailey 's face . bailey ( to Gilbert ) see how she respond . it will be a happy marriage . int . warsaw HOTEL room . night ( s’86 ) 39 Martin be work the Warsaw phone book , call any possible source he can think of . it 's another hopeless task , limited by he rudimentary Polish , the poor English of he interlocutor and scratchy phone connection . martin ( to phone ) rapoport . r-a-p-o-p-o-r-t . he would have be here from about the early 1950 's . I do not know how long - ( interrupt ) of course . thank you anyway , pani . time CUT same scene , perhap a hour later another phone call . 40 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.43 martin ( to phone , frustrated ) no , I be ask for you enquiry rate ... ( listen ) money . pieniadze . do you charge by the assignment or by the hour ? ( listen in frustration ) I be sorry to have troubled you . I be afraid I need someone who speak fluent English . fluent Polish come down the line . martin ( to himself ) q.e.d. put down the phone , he cross to the window and stand look out at the city . a train pass in the near distance triggers a memory ... int . london railway terminus . day ( w’47 ) 40 gilbert descend from the boat train with a ensemble of musician , they luggage and instrument case plaster with Polish and other european travel sticker . returning from a two - week cultural tour of post - war Russian -occupy Poland . wait at the platform entrance be martin and dovidl , both now seventeen . Martin be still a pink - face adolescent ; dovidl , already man-shape , have a pronounce beard shadow and the stricken , grief -rimm eye of a unconfirm orphan . that eye search Gilbert for news . gilbert I be sorry , David . I try very hard , you must believe I . dovidl be you sure you go to the right address ? dzielna 21 ? gilbert you apartment - the tenement you family live in ... no longer exist , I be afraid . dovidl 's face . Gilbert place a sympathetic hand on he shoulder . gilbert ( cont 'd ) not the worst news , David . definitely not the worst . ( to Martin ) can you manage the case ? Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.44 angle on warsaw sticker on suitcase as Martin lift it . 41 int . simmond house . night ( w’47 ) Al same day . at dinner : Gilbert , enid , Martin , dovidl . gilbert ( to enid ) David 's family definitely survive the ghetto . we know that much . they be deport before the uprise in ' 43 . enid deport where ? a pause . he hate even the word . gilbert treblinka . dovidl have already be tell this but the terrible name shock he anew . dovidl they be dead , Mrs simmond . gilbert no , David ! that be not something we May assume . there be a mass revolt . hundred escape . hundred . I will not give up the search and you must not give up hope . there be any number of place they could be - one of the dp camp , Russia , possibly - dovidl why do you take jozef wechsler to Poland and not I ? I play as well as he do . gilbert you be not ready yet . dovidl I could have look for myself . I speak Polish . gilbert so do jozef , and what it get he be the worst news - confirm by the Polish authority . the other reason I do not take you be that I be responsible for you in a way I be not for jozef . ( more ) Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.45 gilbert ( cont would ) you be both Polish citizen - something we must rectify , by the way . they could have keep you there . Witness what happen to poor jozef . enid what happen to he ? gilbert his entire family 's go . the pole have keep he . ( a beat ) in a asylum . 42 int . simmond house . night ( same evening ) ( w’47 ) 42 a search be underway for dovidl . Gilbert come in from the garden , he face fretted with concern . gilbert he 's not in the shed . do he say anything ? martin just say he want to be alone . ( a beat ) he take he violin . enid be he likely to do anything silly ? martin yes , mother . run away and join a band . gilbert for God 's sake , Martin ! his entire family 's almost certainly be wipe out ! show some compassion . martin you mean the way he would , in my position ? gilbert I do not doubt it for a moment . he 's be like a brother to you . martin and a son to you . 43 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.46 gilbert if there 's some secret place you boy have I have no need to know where it be . just go there and find he . Martin go out without a word . enid David be not the suicidal type . gilbert all artist be the suicidal type . ext . hampstead heath . night ( same night ) ( w’47 ) 43 we find Martin and dovidl sit under a tree in they private place on the margin of hampstead pond : Martin smoking a cigarette , dovidl a pipe . the sepia family portrait we see in scene 21 be lie beside dovidl on the grass . the gagliano , out of its case , hang bizarrely from a branch by the loose end of one its string . martin my father think you have top yourself . dovidl smile . dovidl against my religion . martin ( cont 'd ) prodigal quasi-son want home , dov . dovidl goody . quasi-fatted calf for din - dinute . martin you really be a cold bastard , you know that ? he flop down beside he friend . dovidl ( indicate the violin ) it 's that thing I be kill : the varnish tyrant . I be glad you come . murder need witness . notice the photograph , Martin pick it up and study it . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.47 insert photograph martin ( of the photo ) why have not I see this ? dovidl it 's how I have keep they safe . hiding they . from everyone . martin I be not everyone . Martin pick it up , study it . martin which one 's malkeh ? dovidl point . dovidl she 's five there . pessia be nine . martin what be it like ? that life ? dovidl still life with Jews . boy play football , old man praying , ritual bath for the woman . malkeh be too young for that so she would stay home - I have play she a lullaby at bedtime . my father would wander the street - every day , mottl , imagine - every evening except the sabbath - sell he jewellery , piece he make while the rest of we be asleep . just so we could eat . sometimes we do not ... emotion catch he by the throat . martin it 's only presumption of death . why you rabbi will not let you say kiddish , right ? dovidl manage a smile . dovidl kiddush be the bless over wine . I can still say that . this be the kaddish : ( close he eye ) ( more ) Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.48 dovidl ( cont would ) yisgadal v’yisqadash sh’mai rabah ... martin do not , dov. not if you be not suppose to . dovidl do you think I have go mad if I know for certain ? Strip off and run naked through the street like wechsler , wave my violin . '' israelite to you bow ! the philistine be upon we ! '' martin I do not think he do that . dovidl can not see it work in hampstead . martin wechsler start out half barmy . dovidl and I be not ? martin you have get I . dovidl a stabilise influence . martin ordinary and boring . dovidl good for lean on . like this tree . martin Nice to know I be good for something . dovidl stop fishing for compliment , mottl . this be my life crisis , not yours . martin hey , how about a joint life crisis ? Joint suicide note . we do not have to do it , just drive my father nut . dovidl laugh . 44 45 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.49 dovidl do you think he will ever recover ? martin who ? dovidl wechsler . will he stay mad for ever , do you think ? what do they do to lunatic in Poland , I wonder ? Ice cold bath ? heap ash on you head ? it 's a place of ash , mottl . it would be exactly the right treatment . int . asylum , warsaw . day ( s’86 ) 44 nothing much have change here since the place be build in the 1920 . Martin make he way along a corridor of glossy brown tile wall and shiny linoleum floor to a receptionist 's window , where he show a piece of paper bear jozef wechsler 's name to a male receptionist . after stare at the name for long second the receptionist point along the corridor . int . asylum visiting room . day ( s’86 ) 45 Martin have be direct to a small , bare room with a iron grille over its single high window and wall cover in fade , yellow paint more than sixty year old . jozef wechsler ( now 65 ) be wheeled in by a nurse almost as old as the asylum itself . she position he under the window . haggard and sallow , look nearer eighty , jozef be rock rhythmically to and for in he wheelchair , as though in mockery of jewish prayer ; he long , once - nimble finger fiddling compulsively with the button of he stripe pyjamas . nobody here have think to avoid the cruel irony of that stripe upon a jewish patient bereaved into madness by the holocaust . Martin have bring grape . handing they to the nurse , he pull up a hard , upright chair and seat himself by jozef . the nurse remain stand . martin jozef ? do you remember I ? Martin simmond ? from London ? no response from jozef . martin ( cont 'd ) David rapoport be my foster brother . ( more ) Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.50 martin ( cont 'd ) you and he play together during a air raid - in hampstead . ( no reaction from jozef ) you come here with my father on a concert tour after the war . jozef seem entirely unaware of he presence . Martin appeal silently to the nurse for help . nurse you be friend from Pan wechsler ? martin I know he in London , before ... before . do he understand I ? nurse sometimes he remember . ( to jozef ) you friend have come far for to see you , jozef . jozef , still rock back and forth , say nothing . martin ( to nurse ) do not you have any pyjamas that be not stripe ? nurse pyjamas ...? martin they look like ... never mind . nurse you be good friend ? martin friend of a friend . I be wonder ... if someone we know in London ever visit he . another violinist . ( a beat ) David rapoport ? nurse jozef have not much visitor . his family be dead . ( a beat ) just only the woman . martin woman ? 46 47 48 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.51 nurse June 15 woman . she come one day every year . June 15 . ( disapprovingly ) not he wife . ext . warsaw apartment block . day ( s’86 ) 46 we be in a area of post - war apartment block in pale colour , with a few green verge . could be anywhere . int . anna 's apartment build . day ( s’86 ) 47 enter one of the building , Martin climb five flight of iron - banister stair to the fifth floor . this time we might think he 's close , the elusive dovidl perhaps only a few step away ... he ring a doorbell . wait . the door be open - though only partially - by a tall , slender woman with high cheekbone , blue eye , a small , straight nose and short blonde hair : recruiting poster for the mature Aryan matron . anna wozniak , 50 but look young . martin pani wozniak ? Anna wozniak ? a nod , slightly suspicious . despite solidarnosc and the thaw it have already begin to bring , the secret police be still active in 1986 ; they come in all guise . martin do you speak English ? another nod . martin ( cont 'd ) I be tell you might be able to help I ... int . anna 's apartment . day ( s’86 ) 48 like the simmond house , this be the live space of a culture person on a strict budget : many book , few furnishings . anna I hardly know Pan wechsler . I visit he as a duty . martin one day a year . June 15th . 48a Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.52 anna yes . martin mind if I ask why ? anna why do you want to know ? martin I be try to find someone who know he in London . another violinist . David rapoport . Anna 's reaction tell Martin he 's strike gold . martin you know he ? anna ( realization ) you be Martin ! int . anna 's apartment . day - later ( s’86 ) 48a close on a frame portrait of Pope John Paul ii hang on a wall and a simple wooden crucifix fix above it . Martin be look at they as Anna return to the room with a coffee tray . anna David come the year you queen be coronate . I live then on dzielna , where he grow up . it be how we meet . martin how long do he stay in Warsaw ? anna a few month . he be not allow a visa for very long . martin any idea where he go after that ? anna this he do not tell I . though Anna be more forthcoming now that she know who Martin be , we sense that she 's not yet entirely trust . she see that he 's look at the crucifix . 49 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) anna they be allow in private home . I take they down when David be with I . p-53 there 's a implication of intimacy in '' with I '' that Martin do not acknowledge . anna ( cont 'd ) it would not have pleased he to see they , I think . martin no , he 's not a big fan of religion . anna you friend be a soul ... on pause . be there a word for that ? Martin shake he head , unsure what she mean . anna ( cont 'd ) believe one thing , another thing , nothing - all at the same time ? martin agnostic ? she shake she head . martin ( cont 'd ) ambivalent ? anna yes . David be ambivalent . ext . NORTH london street . early morning ( s’47 ) 49 the boy be walk to the synagogue early on a summer 's morning . dovidl carry a velvet prayer bag . martin what 's this thing I be suppose to witness ? dovidl a ceremony . martin not another bar mitzvah !? dovidl not quite . martin bit early to raise one of that quorum thingy . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.54 dovidl this do not need a minyan . just a witness . martin Nice to count for once . dovidl probably not to God , mottl . only to I . martin do you think he know where you family be ? God . dovidl oh , he know , he just will not say . would Jesus if you ask he ? Martin smile . martin why ? think of convert ? dovidl Jews can not convert . martin disraeli do . dovidl disraeli be baptise . wetting he head do not wash the Jew out of he . or out of Jesus . ethnicity be not soluble in water , mottl. religion - well , that 's a coat . when it get too hot you can take it off . they arrive at the synagogue and enter . int . synagogue . early morning ( s’47 ) 50 empty pews , unoccupy bimah , a few straggler leave after the shacharit service . the red glow of the eternal Light over the ark signifies the continue presence of God . martin you just lose you minyan . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.55 dovidl no , this be perfect . ( indicate the eternal Light ) he 's here . the ceremony 's for him . he pull from he prayer bag a stripe silk tallith , which he drape about he neck , and the embroider kippah he wear at he bar mitzvah , which he place on he head . dovidl ( cont 'd ) ( to Martin ) listen and do not interrupt . ( intone , to the eternal Light ) hear , o Israel and the God of Israel . on this nineteenth day of sivan in the year 5707 , in London , in the presence of Martin simmond , also of London I , David eli rapoport , son of Zygmunt and esther rapoport of Warsaw , do freely and of my own will renounce the faith of my forefather ... martin what be you do ? dovidl convert . be quiet . martin to what ? dovidl nothing . ( continue he ceremony ) I do most solemnly renounce and repudiate , now and for ever , in the name of the survive , the revile and discredite faith of the perish : the faith of abraham , Isaac and Jacob ... martin this be not funny , dov - dovidl ... the accurse faith of the despise , the mock , the persecute , the slaughter ; the faith abandon by Jesus . thus do I renounce the torah and talmud . thus do I divorce myself from the community of Israel ... dipping into he bag , he extract a knife . with the prayer shawl still around he neck , he begin to cut it into piece . 51 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.56 Martin have step back in horror . though not himself a practise Christian , he know the momentousness of self - excommunication . martin you can ’t do this ! dovidl ..- and , as I separate this garment , so do I separate myself , now and for all time , from the belief , practice , tradition , ritual and obligation of Zion . the tallith have drift from he neck in tatter . pull the skull cap from he head , dovidl cut it in half and drop the piece at he foot . dovidl ( cont 'd ) amen . his footstep resonate on the tile floor as he leave . Martin stare silently after he . ext . balcony of anna 's apartment , warsaw . dusk ( s’86 ) 51 Anna have bring Martin on to the balcony of she apartment . angle : the surrounding neighbourhood a reconstruct square of post - war apartment block build on the site of the raze ghetto : a site as displace in time as that of any ancient battlefield , this one echoless by design . martin if this be where the ghetto be , where be the ruin ? anna where the past belong . under the ground . martin so he just leave , do not say where he be go ? anna must we have this interrogation , Martin , like a sherlock holme story ? martin it 's why I be here . ( a beat ) where be he stay ? do not he come to say goodbye ? Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.56a Long pause . anna for he first day , in a pension - not a very good one . martin where after that ? anna with I . 52 int . warsaw bistro . night ( s’86 ) 52 over dinner , vodka flow freely - Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.57 martin he use you . you know that . anna Martin , I love you friend . it 's how you live with people you do not always like . by loving they . martin love dovidl 's a mistake . anna we do not choose who to love . martin ( anger building ) trusting he 's a mistake . you can not trust they . anna they ? martin artist . they die , they disappear , they leave you . they do not understand love or loyalty . anna you must stop look for he , Martin . it would not be good to find he . 53 54 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.58 martin for he or I ? anna both . if he want to be find do not you think he would have come to you long ago ? the anger that have be building in Martin burst out . martin we think he be dead ! my father give up on life when he disappear ! have a stroke two month later . it kill he . anna David tell I of you friendship . not how it end . reaching across the table , Anna cover Martin 's hand with she own . anna ( cont 'd ) he be the soloist . we be the accompanist . he take we light . we have none of we own . martin I do not accept that . anna yes . you do . ( a beat ) we use each other . ext . anna 's apartment block . night ( s’86 ) 53 re-establish . int . anna 's apartment . night ( s’86 ) 54 discover martin in bed with Anna . post-coital . for he it 's as though he have perform the act under some irresistible compulsion . Anna sense it . anna you have never do this before ? be unfaithful to you wife ? martin no . anna how do it feel ? Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.59 martin like betrayal . he turn he head to look at she . be this why she lure he into she bed ? to show he the obverse face of betrayal ? she read the question in he eye . martin where do he go when he leave Poland , Anna ? anna again this ? I tell you , he do not say . martin I do not believe you . he point at a crucifix over the bed . martin ( cont 'd ) swear on that . anna oh , Martin , that cross have hear more lie than ... Goebbels 's bathroom mirror . martin swear anyway . anna I swear on the holy cross he do not tell I where he go . martin why do you visit wechsler ? anna I tell you this also . I go in place of David . martin how often do he go ? anna once only . to play for he the song. June 15th , 1953 . he never go again . martin what song ? anna Martin , it 's why David come to Poland . to play the music where the ash be . it be he obsession . 55 56 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.60 martin tell I . anna there be nothing to tell . I be not permit to hear it . he send I from the room when he play for jozef . the only other time I be make to wait in the car ... when I take he to treblinka . int . / ext . anna 's car / treblinka . day ( s‘86 ) 55 Anna 's polski fiat pass a small roadside kapliczka [ Catholic monument ] as they approach treblinka . ext . treblinka - symbolic cemetery entrance . day ( s’86 ) 56 Anna drive in and stop by a sculpture represent railway track at the entrance to the symbolic cemetery . Beyond the memorial the forest can be see encroach at the perimeter : still raw , undress , startle by discovery . Anna shut off the engine . anna this be where I wait . none of this be here . only field , some railway track . martin do he tell you about he family ? pessia would have be fifteen , malkeh ten or eleven . they never appear on any list . we encourage he to keep hope . maybe we should not have . anna he never speak of they . to David Jews be not pole . I ama pole , I live where he live , I steal he life . to he I be one of the persecutor . martin you be just a child then . anna you do not have to be guilty to feel guilty . 56 a 57 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.61 ext . treblinka - the symbolic cemetery . day ( s’86 ) 56 a discover martin and anna walk through the symbolic cemetery : a garden of stone slab of various size , each one represent a annihilate jewish community . neither Anna nor Martin speak as they wander among the stone , read the name of village , town , city ; here only the dead do the talk . Martin stop by the large stone of all , inscribe '' warszawa '' , contemplate it in silence ... int . airport terminal . day ( s’86 ) 57 as they approach the airport terminal in Anna 's fiat polski - anna the morning after , he be go . he leave behind everything . martin what 's everything ? anna me. Poland . his past . you. ( a beat ) the violin . martin wait a minute . he leave the gagliano ? Anna 's polski pull up outside the terminal . anna I find it after he go - I could not believe he do that on purpose . something so precious . I go in a taxi to the airport to return it . ( a beat ) he tell I to sell it . martin and send he the money ? 57a 58 59 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.62 anna the money I be to keep . martin do you ? anna it be not mine to sell . martin his either . anna that be why he take it back . retrieving he bag from the back seat , Martin open the passenger door . unsure how to conduct the valediction . martin so ... I suppose this be goodbye . anna I never lie to you , Martin . he never tell I where he be go . ( moment of decision ) when I be give he the violin a flight be call . suddenly he be in a hurry . ( a beat ) the flight be to New York . on martin : a surge of excitement pulsing through he ; a trail thirty - three year cold but still a trail . martin ( kissing she ) thank you . anna God bless you , Martin . I would say I hope you find he ... but I hope you do not . Martin close the car door , head into the terminal . omitted 57a omitted 58 int . simmond house . night ( s’86 ) 59 Martin return from he travel to a house in semi-darkness . the hall light be on but helen be not in the live room , nor in the kitchen ... Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.63 martin ( call ) helen ? no answer . he climb the stair and enter the bedroom , where he find helen in bed , read . her eye flick up , then back to the book . martin what be you read ? she show he the cover . make a difference : feminist literary criticism by kahn and Green [ publish 1985 ] . martin do not tell I the end . ignore by helen , Martin busy himself unpack he suitcase , remove he jacket etc . martin no , I do not find he . thanks for ask . no response . martin I know where he go after Poland . still nothing back from helen . martin ( contd . ) New York . helen next stage of the ' great quest 's ? Martin seat himself on the bed . martin you do not care if I find he , do you ? helen shrug . martin why ? you use to like he . helen ( raise the book ) I use to like pony storey . martin he be fun to be around . 60 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.64 helen oh , yes . charismatic genius and all that . except geniuse be not very good at be human . martin I know he fault , okay . I have know they a lot longer than you have . helen then why waste you time on he ? we time . martin I may be all he 's get . helen I be all you have get . it take a moment for the import of this to register . martin he 's not a fuck rival , love . now she look up , meet he eye . helen he be from the day I meet he . jaunty jewish band music over - the hora nayeem , play with some unusual string riff - int . dance hall , london . night ( may , 1948 ) 60 on dovidl the source of the riff . have join the band for the length of the song , he be seat cross -legge on the floor in front of the cellist , bow the string while the cellist do the finger : a party trick which be draw loud applause from everyone in the hall . helen and martin ( both 18 here ) be watch this : helen with fascination . she have not meet dovidl yet . the occasion be a celebratory dance : the hall hang with israeli flag , portrait of ben-gurion , a banner declare the date ( May 14th , 1948 ) and proclaim the birth of the State of Israel . in one corner a recruitment stand have be set up , a couple of tan sabras in khaki shirt enjoin North londoner to enlist in the new army , to fight the mass arab horde prepare to destroy they infant nation . '' israel need you ! '' read the sign . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.65 the song end and dovidl make he way through the crowd to Martin , the band now play bublitschki . dovidl thanks for come , mottl. ( eyeing helen ) ah , the much -advertise helen . no interest in Israel , I assume , but mottl 's here for I , so you be here for he , yes ? helen a dance be a dance . martin ( to helen ) my brother : dov the apostate . not soluble in water . dovidl ( indicate recruiter ) shall I join up and shed blood for Israel , mottl ? the baby 's one day old and already bashing up its neighbour , keyneynahora . martin I think they be only take Jews , dov. dovidl there go we reputation for draft - dodging . ( to helen ) but they do take woman . one up on God . helen if you be a apostate how come you be celebrate a jewish state ? dovidl they give great party . never miss one yet . helen when be the last one ? dovidl 516 b.c . dovidl offer he hand . helen take it , allow herself to be lead onto the dance floor . Martin be leave abandon . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.66 61 int . taxi . night ( may , 1948 ) 61 dovidl be lolling drunkenly against helen in the back seat , eye close . martin sorry about this . we can dump he and go back if you want . helen no , it 's okay . Drop I off first . ( a beat ) I have not see he at lecture . be he in we year ? martin he be not at ucl . trinity , Cambridge , read math . helen ( pull a face ) math ! martin Music plus chess equal math . simmond 's equation . helen 's eyebrow go up . dovidl 's be a science major make he doubly exotic . she brushes a stray lock of hair out of dovidl 's eye , which open at she touch . dovidl Dead and go to heaven . '' l'amor che muove il sole e l'altre stelle . '' helen be I suppose to be impressed ? dovidl you kid ? math and Dante ? helen laugh . the taxi pull up outside a terrace house . helen climb out . helen Nice meeting you , dovidl . she close the taxi door and be go . as the taxi move off - martin what do you think ? 61 a 62 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.67 dovidl ( eye still close ) impregnable fortress . best of british luck with that one , brother . int . simmond house , dine room . night ( s’86 ) 61a alone in the house , helen be work she way through a box of memorabilia . we will see , among other thing : the programme for dovidl 's abort 1951 debut concert ; a fade newspaper clipping from the follow day , headline : '' violinist missing '' , 21 - year - old dovidl picture ; and , most prominent , the sleeve to the promotional recording refer to in scene 1 : feature dovidl 's rendering of the bach partitas , which we will hear play over . helen 's face be register a complex emotional cocktail that 's tricky to read : transportation , nostalgia , dislike , regret ... and something else ... int . london concert hall . afternoon ( a’51 ) 62 the orchestra be pack up its instrument , prepare to leave after the final acoustic rehearsal . dovidl case he gagliano . martin you should lock that in the dress room . it will be safe there . dovidl do Ulysses lock away he bow ? martin if it be pissing down in ithaca , absolutely . ( nervous ) how do you feel ? be you nervous about tonight ? I be not nervous . how do you think the rehearsal go ? dovidl grin . '' nervous '' be not in he lexicon . dovidl how do it sound ? martin great . terrific . Magic . dovidl it be crap . 63 64 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.68 martin good crap , though . dovidl great rehearsal , crap performance . crap rehearsal , great performance . martin what be you go to do now ? ( check watch ) you have get ... four and a half hour . dovidl get drunk . martin oh , so droll . International debut of David eli rapoport : tiddly fiddly - comedian . Isaac stern meet Vic Oliver . know what you ought to do ? seriously ? relax . I mean totally . ( as Edward G. Robinson ) take my advice , kid . get yourself laid . dovidl that what you be go to do ? martin I ? I be do haircut and manicure . pull out my hair in handfuls , bite my nail to the quick . dovidl ( a smile ) see you in the trenches . he wander off . Martin watch he go . int . yellow cab , manhattan . day ( s’86 ) 63 a yellow cab in traffic . Martin in the back seat , study a list of auction house and specialist dealer in classical stringe instrument . several name have already be cross off . the next on the list be '' feinman brother '' . ext . feinman brother , manhattan . day ( s’86 ) 64 Martin enter a shop in a lower Manhattan side street : " feinman brother : string instrument sale , restoration , valuation '' . 65 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.69 int . feinman brother . continuous ( s’86 ) 65 the old man who emerge at the sound of the shop 's bell be a Manhattan counterpart of Mr Bailey , only at least 20 year older . feinman can I help you ? martin I be look for a gagliano violin . feinman smile . feinman Father , son or grandson ? alessandro or one of the nicolos ? martin nicolo filio . make in 1735 . feinman ( another smile ) ah , my English - sounding friend , you be hunt dodo . I know of only two list nicolo filios make in ' 35 . neither have change hand in live memory ... martin this one may not be list . feinman then it 's a fake . martin it be buy in London . Bailey 's of broadwick Street . feinman my father - olav hasholem - use to do business with adrian Bailey . fake he do not sell . martin have anyone ever try to sell you a 1735 gagliano ? feinman you be look for the instrument or the owner ? martin both . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p- 70 feinman when they come up for sale they go to the larger auction house . martin this one have not . feinman examine he memory . feinman maybe four or five year back a woman phone , want a valuation . but that might have be a nicolo ii - I be not sure . she speak to my brother herschel . martin do she give a name ? feinman a address . herschel tell she , '' bring it in , we will look . '' martin do she ? feinman she want he should schlep out to Brooklyn with it . have to be this particular day , this particular time - I do not think the husband know she be sell . martin so he do not go ? feinman to a man my age , herschel 's age , time also be a gagliano . martin would you brother remember where in Brooklyn ? feinman herschel pass away last year , olav hasholem . martin my sympathy . feinman Crown Heights somewhere . if it 's important , I could maybe find the address .... 66 67 yellow - son d9.3 ( 11/15/2018 ) p.71 int . yellow cab ( travelling ) , crown height . dusk ( s’86 ) 66 a strengthen gale be blow as Martin ride through the suburban street of Crown Heights in a yellow cab , past shop bear Hebrew and yiddish lettering , bearded , long -coat man clutching they wide - brimm hat and fedora against the wind as they go to and from the yeshiva on Eastern Parkway . it 's the last place in America Martin would expect to find the apostate dovidl . plainly it 's the wrong gagliano , unless its owner buy it from dovidl ... the cab pull up outside a house . ext . crown height house . dusk ( s’86 ) 67 Martin wait in the wind until the door be open by a prematurely worn-out-looking woman in she early forty ( broche ) . a seven year - old boy , zygmunt ( junior ) , dress in ultra-orthodox style , peep from behind she leg . the light throw from the interior reveal a mezuzah on the doorpost . martin sorry to bother you but I be give this address ... take in Martin 's appearance - not ultra-orthodox , therefore someone to be suspicious of - she manoeuvre the boy protectively behind she . martin ( cont 'd ) I be look for a violin ... broche broche Gay holen dey tate . go fetch you father . the boy dash back into the house , call - zygmunt ( JR . ) tatti ! martin .+-a gagliano - he break off as the man of the house appear , the boy behind he , clutching he leg . follow they be a girl of six and another a year young , crowd to see who the stranger be at the door . +e * 68 69 70 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.72 the man be Martin 's age , he hair and beard still thick and black , the beard frame a face still handsome , a jawline not in the least jowly . he wear the long black coat of a ultra - orthodox Jew and , beneath it , a collarless white shirt . but he 's instantly recognisable . dovidl you take you time , mottl . martin 's reaction he 's hardly able to believe that this be dovidl , yet so constrain be he by the circumstance of the encounter that he 's unable to react freely . all he can do be shake he head in wonder . dovidl as you see : I take off the coat , I put it back on . so say , he pull a long black coat from a hook by the door and shrug into it as he step outside , close the door behind he , shutting Martin away from he life . int . dovidl 's camper ( travelling ) . night ( s’86 ) 68 it 's a batter old camper and there 's silence inside it , disturb only by engine and wind noise as , drive by dovidl with Martin beside he , it rattles through the street of Brooklyn . in Martin 's face we will see thirty - five year of pent - up anger , perplexity and frustration wait for expression ; in dovidl 's face as he drive there be nothing readable . eventually dovidl pull in at a lonely parking spot overlook the East River . ext . east river overlook . night ( s’86 ) 69 on a night like this dovidl 's be the only vehicle in the parking area . int . dovidl 's camper . night ( s’86 ) 70 dovidl set the hand brake and cut the motor . the silence be disturb now only by the wind and the tick of the cool engine . dovidl turn finally to face Martin ... ... and receive , full force in he face , a flurry of repeated hard blows which split he lip and draw blood from he mouth and nose . dovidl make no attempt to dodge the blow or shield himself from they . yellow - son d9.3 ( 11/15/2018 ) p.73 he just sit there and receive they as he due . though this be a far cry from they old slow - motion boxer ritual , the moment should echo it darkly . breathe hard , Martin finally sink back in the passenger seat . dovidl dab at he bleed face with he sleeve . with a shake of the head Martin pull from he pocket a neatly fold clean pocket handkerchief . brush dovidl 's hand aside , he take over the dabbing with this . after a few moment dovidl appropriate the handkerchief and continue wiping he own blood , but in do so notice that Martin 's knuckle be bleed too . abandon he own injury , he wrap the handkerchief around Martin 's hand instead . blood brotherhood . no word speak . until - dovidl say it , mottl . say what 's on you * mind . it will make you feel better . * martin you have no fuck idea . do you ? why * do you do it ? dovidl I be not sure you have understand . * martin I do not expect it to be you . tonight , when I come about the violin . you be the last person in the world I expect to find . dovidl when I abandon the Holy one it take him four year to find I . it 's take you thirty - five . ( a smile ) not bad . * martin God do not punish you . I will . dovidl so will he , in time , bless be his name . martin my father put everything he have into you , you ungrateful bastard . Hebrew lesson , bacon-less breakfast , pudding - less dinner , bar mitzvah , fuck gagliano ... ( more ) 71 72 73 yellow - son d9.3 ( 11/15/2018 ) p.74 martin ( cont would ) and that concert - he do not even insure it , do not think he need to . he treat you like he favourite fuck son - for twelve * year - and you buggere off without a word . he think you be dead ! he lose everything that night . two month later , he die * with you name on he lip . this revelation shock dovidl into silence . he open the driver 's door and step out into the gale to process it . martin 's Pov - dovidl batter by the wind , coat tail flying dovidl re-enter . dovidl do you remember what you say the last time I see you ? '' get laid , '' you say . over scene 71 * dovidl ( v.o. ) so I do . but in my eagerness I would come out without cab fare . I have to go back by bus ... +e ext . terrace house , NORTH london . day ( a’51 ) 71 carry he violin case , dovidl wait by a suburban bus stop in a leafy street of terrace house . rain still fall . dovidl ( v.o. ) so I do . but in my eagerness I would come out without cab fare . I have to go back by bus ... a bus arrive . dovidl board . the bus move off . int . london bus . day ( a’51 ) 72 dovidl climb to the upper deck . he slump into a seat , cradle the violin case in he lap , close he eye ... ext. / int . bus . day ( a’51 ) 73 the driver leave the bus , think all he passenger have depart . it 's one of several bus line up empty in the street where they route terminate . dovidl wake on the top deck of the empty bus . he make he way down the wind staircase and into the street , where it 's raining heavily . 74 75 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.75 ext . stoke newington high STREET . day ( a’51 ) 74 the street be adjacent to stoke newington market . stallholder be cover they goods and pack up early , all too busy to be approach for direction . dovidl wander past in the rain , carry he case gagliano , no idea where he be , except that it 's a jewish neighbourhood - past barrel of pickle cucumber , marble slab of herring - transport by sight , sound and smell reminiscent of the Warsaw of he childhood . he turn a corner ... and find himself at a dead end : a railway embankment . hopelessly lose . but there 's a shop on a corner : frumkine . int . frumkin 's. day ( a’51 ) 75 one either side of a marble counter the shop 's proprietor , frumkin ( 55 ) - a tubular man in a soile apron - be deep in argument with katzenberg ( 60 ) , a black - bearded , black - coat customer . they argument , talmudic in character , be be conduct in yiddish ( subtitle ) . katzenberg katzenberg nisht dus meynt di gemore . that be not what the text mean -— frumkin frumkin oh , ihr hat gehat a oh , you have have a personal perzenlekhe taytsh fin read from the Holy one ? eybishter ? dovidl address they in yiddish . dovidl dovidl entshuldigtz az ikh brekh I be sorry to interrupt - inter - the two man glance up at he . White shirt and tie , three - piece suit . lose goy , obviously . but how come he speak they language ? dovidl dovidl ihr kent efsher zugn wi bin if you could tell I where I ikh ... be ... frumkin frumkin fin wi zeynt ihr ? where be you from ? dovidl . hampstead . katzenberg katzenberg fin der heym ? originally . Blue - son d9.1 dovidl warshe . katzenberg ayer mishpokhe ? dovidl oykh fin warshe . katzenberg ikh bin fin siedlice . dovild farn krig ? katzenberg Far dem , in mitn , nokh dem . Der ghetto , treblinka , yetzt doo . ( 09/20/2018 ) p.76 dovidl Warsaw . katzenberg you family ? dovidl also Warsaw . katzenberg I be from siedlice . dovidl before the war ? katzenberg before , during , after . the ghetto , treblinka , now here . dovidl 's face be register wonder and disbelief . dovidl ihr hat treblinka ibergelebt ! katzenberg eynige habn ibergelebt . eyer mishpokhe zeynen geharget geworn ? dovidl ya. ikh meyn .. ikh weiss nisht ..ikh weiss az zey zeynen geven in treblinka ober inz keynmohl nisht ... ( ) ihr hat zey gekent ? Zygmunt rapoport ? esther ? pessia ? malkeh ? hat ihr gekent eynem fin zey ? katzenberg nein , tit mir leyd , yinguerman . ihr will wissn ? dovidl nod . above all thing it 's what he want . but how ...? frumkin ( to katzenberg ) nemtz ehm . dovidl frown . take he where ? katzenberg kimtz . dovidl you survive treblinka ! katzenberg some do . you family perish ? dovidl yes . I mean ... I do not know ... I know they be in treblinka but we never ... ( eagerly ) do you know they ? Zygmunt rapoport ? esther ? pessia ? malkeh ? do you know any of they ? katzenberg no . I be sorry , my young friend . ( a long beat ) do you want to know ? 2 frumkin ( to katzenberg ) take he . katzenberg come . 76 77 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.77 dovidl glance at he watch . he have a concert to prepare for . have he time for this , whatever it be ? but the decision be make for he . stretch he arm around dovidl 's shoulder , katzenberg lead he out into the street . ext . young rebbexs synagogue . day ( a’51 ) 76 a alley lead they to what appear from the outside to be a ordinary residential house , somewhat run-down ; but as katzenberg and dovidl enter , both saturate from the rain - int . young rebbexs synagogue . day ( a’51 ) 77 - we see that the ground - floor partition wall have be remove to create a large , low - ceiling prayer hall , furnish like a synagogue and consecrate as one , support by steel beam and pillar . around twenty man and youth ( no woman ) be sway in prayer . katzenberg stride to the bimah and slap he hand loudly on the lectern . katzenberg katzenberg inz habmir do a rapoport fin we have a rapoport from warshe ! Warsaw ! instantly the praying stop . a smooth - cheek boy of thirteen slip out of the room . on dovidl , understanding none of this . he look to katzenberg for a explanation but receive none . almost immediately the boy return . with he be a bearded man in he thirty : the young rebbe . though twice this man 's age , katzenberg incline he head respectfully in he presence . katzenberg katzenberg rebbe , dus iz dovid eli rebbe , this be dovid eli rapoport . fin warshe . er rapoport . from Warsaw . he willt wissn . want to know . the Young rebbe nod . shake dovidl 's hand - young rebbe young rebbe sholem aleikhem , dovid . shalom aleikhem , dovid . dovild dovidl ikh will nisht stern eynker I do not want to disturb davenen . you ... young rebbe young rebbe bitte , zetzt aykh . please , take a seat . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.78 he gesture . dovidl and katzenberg seat themselves . the entire congregation now strike a attitude of attention . prayer book be close , back straighten . the Young rebbe climb the step to a elevate bimah , on which there be a lectern , and on the lectern , alongside the torah , a large privately - bound book the size of a ledger . katzenberg speak softly to dovidl in yiddish while the rebbe open the ledger and reverently begin turn its page .... katzenberg katzenberg dovid , in inzer kehilah siz David , among we community it inzer shpetzieler tafkid , wus be we special duty , give to der Alter rebbe hat inz we by the alte rebbe in gegeben , tzi haltn , di treblinka , to keep the Book memorbukh far treblinka. of remembrance . no exact sn'zeyne nisht geven record survive of the camp 's shriftliche zichroynos , di dead and this the alte rebbe nemen fin di toyte nor predict ; so he have they gehalten gevorn dorkh di name commit to memory . mentshen . in wayl sqzeynen and since there be so many , gewen azoyfil toyte , in dos and the life of that task leben fin di wus woltn to remember be so fragile , gedarft denken be gewen azoy ten elder be choose as a shwakh , tzen eltere zeynen minyan of remembrance . only geworn oysgeklibn al a three of the ten survive . minyan fin Zikorn , in beoyftragt tzi oyfhaltn di nemen far eybig . nor drey fin di tzen habn ibergelebt . have find he place , the Young rebbe be smoothing down a double page of the Book of remembrance . katzenberg katzenberg shpeter m’hat upgeshribn di later the name be write nemen . ober , natirlekh , di down . but the record be liste be incomplete . if the name of nisht a complete . oyb di you love one be not find nemen fin ayer tayere here it will not necessarily keroyvim zeynen nishtu , dus mean they survive . maynt nisht az zey hobn ibergelebt . David nod , impatient now for the mere chance of know after a decade of ignorance and speculation . the rebbe begin to chant a recitation . what he chant - a musical theme base on traditional lament - be the song of name , in yiddish , as it be originally remember : a partial list of the dead of treblinka . the melody should be so soulful , so powerful , so immediately arrest that at first audition it will burn itself indelibly into the memory of all who hear it . 78 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.79 young rebbe rapoport ay rapoport ay rapoport ... congregation ay rapoport . young rebbe rapoport avrum , fin varsheh ; rapoport berel un chayeh - soroh , fin kutne , mit kinder yossl , yechiel un leah ... congregation ( in Hebrew ) yehi zikhrom borikh ! young rebbe rapoport , chaim - dovid , rapoport shua - chaim , fin Zychlin ; rapoport yerachmiel , mizinke elke , mit kleyner shloime , mit shneyur - Zalmen un mit rivke ... congregation ( in Hebrew ) yehi zikhrom borikh ! young rebbe rapoport anya , fin varsheh ; rapoport Bella , mit kinder , mit reuben un rifke ; fin varsheh : rapoport Zygmunt , wayb esther , mit tochter pessia , mit tochter malkeh ... congregation ( in Hebrew ) yehi zikhrom borikh ! look up , see dovidl 's face , the rebbe halt he song . on dovidl he eye awash . here , for the first time , in this most unlikely of setting , a place to which he have come seemingly by accident , he have hear at last the name of he family include in the roll of the dead ; confirm what until now be only a supposition . he have closure . nothing in he life will ever be the same again . katzenberg 's arm once more enfold the grieve dovidl as he weep , unashame , among this stranger of he tribe . int . dovidl 's camper . night ( s’86 ) 78 here it 's Martin 's eye that have fill . yellow - son d9.3 ( 11/15/2018 ) p.80 lashed by gust of wind , the camper rock on its spring , back and forth as though itself doven . a week - old newspaper fly against the windscreen and briefly plaster itself across it before take wing again , the past momentarily obliterate the present . dovidl they set the name to music to make they easier to remember . this be oral tradition , mottl . it give we the torah , pass down mouth to ear for a hundred generation . it 's the chain I can not break . ( a beat ) the two little girl you see at my house be name for my sister : malkeh and pessia . my son I name for he grandfather , Zygmunt . on yom hashoah each year I say kaddish for they . ( a pause ) do you know what one of the worst fear be for that in the camp ? it be not die . it be die with they entire family . leave no - one behind to say kaddish for they soul . a long silence follow . martin I be glad it bring you peace . it do not explain why you never write , never phone , never send a message ... why do you cut we out of you life ? in all that year do you ever give any of we a think ? dovidl often . martin then I do not understand . dovidl I would not expect you to . more silence . martin how long do this song take ? +e 79 80 yellow - son d9.3 ( 11/15/2018 ) p.81 dovidl the complete version ? five day . they do it in shift - five rabbis - once a year . I have only hear that do once . so many name , mottl .... ( a beat ) afterwards I sit shiva ... over scene 79 * dovidl ( v.o. ) ... the full week - no half measure among the ultra-orthodox . no wash , no shave , no diversion . just prayer . + * int . young rebbexs synagogue . day ( a’51 ) 79 first the Young rebbe lean over dovidl and with a knife cut the lapel of he jacket . dovidl ( v.0o . ) ... the full week - no half measure among the ultra-orthodox . no wash , no shave , no diversion . just prayer . then dovidl receive a bless from the congregation . congregation congregation ha mokaym yenakhem eskhem May the eternal console you besokh shar avaleh tzion among all the mourner of virusholayim . Zion and Jerusalem . int . dovidl 's camper . night ( s’86 ) 80 martin you could have defer that . I would have sit with you . dovidl turn he head to look at Martin . another wild gust rock the vehicle . dovidl a concert no longer seem important . angle - the camper , relentlessly assault by the gale . martin ( cont 'd ) ( he tone have soften ) you be still in London a year * later . yellow - son d9.3 ( 11/15/2018 ) p.81a dovidl my life have change . the almighty have remember my family . I would abandon him , he have not abandon I . ( more ) yellow - son d9.3 ( 11/15/2018 ) dovidl ( cont would ) in return I make him a promise : I would compose a violin version of the song of name and play it at treblinka . then I would devote the rest of my life to his worship . ( smile ) if I have come back - what would you have do ? martin I do not know ... dovidl ( nod ) of course . I owe you a violin . martin you owe I a concert . dovidl I be not a bright new discovery any more , mottl . I doubt anybody remember I . when I play now it 's always in a empty room . no audience but God . martin people still remember you recording . dovidl then let that be my memorial . martin not enough for I . dovidl it will have to be . martin that 's not enough . you owe I a concert . if you disappear again I will find you . dovidl good luck with that . p-82 * dovidl restart the engine and back out of the parking area . * 80 a 80 B 81 81a 81b 81cc yellow - son d9.3 ( 11/15/2018 ) p.83 angle - the camper drive off . int . crown height house . night ( s’86 ) 80a we find dovidl alone , sit silent and motionless in a darken room in the middle of the night : the gagliano in he lap . think . remember . calculate he moral obligation as once he calculate the number of kit kat in a fiver . he walk off camera ... dovidl 's voice Martin simmond . .»+- and come back , the phone in he hand . dovidl I have two condition ... int . manhattan HOTEL room . night ( s’86 ) 80b early hour of the morning and still dark . the shrill ringing of the beside phone wake Martin from sleep . blindly he stretch out he hand , pull the receiver off its cradle and press it to he ear . he hear : dovidl '’s voice ( from phone ) I have two condition ... fade to black ext . london establishing shot . morning ( a’86 ) 81 not Big Ben , not westminster Bridge , not Tower Bridge ! ext . london HOTEL . morning ( a’86 ) 81a a black cab deposit dovidl outside the hotel . int . london HOTEL . morning ( a’86 ) 81b dovidl register at the desk . desk clerk welcome to London , sir . title : '' month later '' int . simmond house . night ( a’86 ) 81 c helen and Martin be dress to go out to dinner . yellow - son d9.3 ( 11/15/2018 ) p-83a helen how do you know he 'il be there ? martin he 's change , helen . helen nobody change . least of all he . 82 83 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.84 martin he 's get he religion back . helen he 's the same selfish arsehole he always be . in a black coat . ( a beat ) can he still play ? martin he say so . that 's he risk . helen what 's he risk ? no reply from Martin . helen this be exactly what you father do . you will spend every penny we have get , he will not turn up , you will have a stroke , you will die , he will not even come to the funeral . again Martin decline to respond . ext . kosher restaurant , london . night ( a’86 ) 82 to establish int . kosher restaurant . night ( continuous ) ( a’86 ) 83 camera find Martin and helen at a table set for three , eat breadstick and drink mineral water . wait . helen seem distinctly nervous , look at she watch . helen it 's now ten to eight . martin in artistic circle that be not even late for lunch . helen have he tell you the programme yet ? Martin shake he head . martin one of he condition . helen probably show tune . rusty virtuoso play the best of Broadway . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.85 martin for that he would not need to rehearse . helen you have see he rehearse ? martin he will not let I in the room . that be he other condition . he know my father 's watch . he think God 's watch . helen same old audience . everyone he 's let down before . martin it give he the illusion of control - helen newsflash , Martin . if the illusion 's good enough only the magician can tell it be not the real thing . martin I can tell . dovidl have enter . as always now , in ultra-orthodox dress . dovidl Martin . helen . you have age well . under strict orthodox rule he may not touch a woman who be not he wife , so there 's no kiss , no handshake . helen 's look be unwelcome , guard . she do not answer . dovidl smile . he seat himself , pick up the menu , start to peruse it . martin that 's it ? after 35 year ? hello- helen - what ’s-for-dinner ? helen he 's hungry . he 's be rehearse silence all day . dovidl smile at she over the menu . martin everything okay ? Hotel all right ? dovidl adequate . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.86 martin dov , I know we agree you select the programme , but as the organizer of this concert I need to confirm some thing . dovidl such as ? helen that it will not include '' doh a deer , a female deer . '' dovidl that be not in the programme . no response from dovidl . helen 's look to Martin say : '' what do I tell you ? '' martin dovidl , if you make a fool of I I ' 1l kill you . helen ( to dovidl ) or I will . that 's not a idle threat , by the way . dovidl smile again . tap the menu . dovidl none of this be kosher . helen it 's a kosher restaurant . dovidl to they , not to I . martin okay , just tell I how long it 'il be . the programme . dovidl set down the menu , pick up the wine list . dovidl how long be the original ? martin that what you be do ? the ' 51 programme ? the bruch and the partitas ? dovidl be not it what you want ? 84 85 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.87 martin ( surprised but delighted ) well , yes , but ... no , no , that 's great . helen do it matter ? look at he . he be not go to be there . be you , David ? now dovidl produce from he pocket and unfold the 1951 concert programme . slide it across the table to Martin . helen crane to see . insert 1951 programme bruch violin concerto no . 1 in G minor interval bach : violin partitas number 1 and 2 martin this be the ' 51 programme ! dovidl ( without look up ) the wine be not kosher either . ext . concert hall , london . day ( a’86 ) 84 the same concert hall we see in earlier scene . Martin approach the building on foot . int . concert hall . day ( a’86 ) 85 in the dark interior he find the door to the rehearsal room close , guard by a security man . a notice on the door read : '' rehearsal in progress . strictly no admittance '' . recognise Martin from previous attempt , the security guy shake he head . security man sorry , Mr simmond . martin can not I just put my ear to the door ? security man wo not help . it 's soundproof . Martin put he ear to the door . shrug . nothing audible . 86 87 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.88 martin have you hear he play ? security man like I say , soundproof . the door open . dovidl come out carry he violin case . dovidl ( to Martin ) still warm . want to feel ? as he pass Martin - martin ( emotional ) dov ... dovidl turn . martin ( cont 'd ) you will not let I down , will you ? dovidl no , mottl . I will not let you down . ext . concert hall . night ( a’86 ) 86 outside crowd swarm and jostle on the sidewalk , as they do thirty - six year ago . History in the remake . this concert , too , accord to the post notice , be a sell - out . int . concert hall . night ( a’86 ) 87 the hallway be so thronge they be almost impassable as the audience make its way into the hall 's auditorium . as in 1951 , notables can be see in the balcony , anticipate the long - delay debut of David eli rapoport . on martin and helen wait out the last minute backstage . Martin , like he father before he , be in a state of mount anxiety verge on panic . helen seem almost to be relishing what be look increasingly like another dovidl no -show . martin I tell he half -six . helen and I tell you to put a guard on he . 88 88a 89 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.89 martin virtuoso violinist handcuff to thug . make a great cartoon . int . dovidl 's house , crown height . day ( a’86 ) 88 broche pack , among other thing , dovidl ' 's Warsaw family photograph into a suitcase ; the three child of he new family pack smaller suitcase of they own . cardboard box be strewn around the floor and on surface . int . dovidl 's london HOTEL room . night ( a’1986 ) 88a here dovidl 's suitcase be already pack and wait . he 's sit at the desk , write a letter ... int . concert hall . night ( continuation of sc.87 ) ( a’86 ) 89 various angle : the auditorium - buzzing with expectation - the orchestra tuning up , not for the first time - the stage manager - check he watch against the hall clock - martin it 's the same fuck nightmare ! where the hell be he ? helen if I have to guess ? thirty thousand foot over we head . on he way to join a tibetan monastery . martin I make he swear on the torah . helen roll she eye , as if to say '' what do Jews do instead of crossing they finger ? '' martin be wiping the sweat from he face with a already sodden handkerchief , tear of frustration start to gleam in he eye . how could he have be such a fool ? and then , like a apparition ... .+.- dovidl be there , in the wing with they . tonight he 's wear a dark suit , a discreet skullcap on the back of he head , gagliano and bow in he hand . comme il faut . 90 91 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.90 dovidl do you think I be not come ? he do not wait for a response but stride on to the stage to clamorous applause . he bow to the audience . dovidl good evening . I be sorry to be late . I hope you do not mind wait thirty - five year . relieved audience laughter . dovidl nod to the conductor . the orchestra begin its introduction ... on martin : with the programme in he hand , hold he breath . nightmare vision of disaster be crowd he brain - vision of some popular tin-ear monstrosity be play for ironical effect . but then he eye close , he breath be expell with relief as he hear the open note of the bruch , as advertise . martin thank you , God . int . 1951 london concert hall . night ( a’51 ) 90 on gilbert after he cancellation announcement , shame and break ; a ruin man financially , professionally and emotionally ; the auditorium empty . int . 1986 concert hall . night ( continuation of sc.89 ) ( a’86p1 on dovidl play the final note of the bruch . he have perform to a high professional standard ... yet there 's something miss in he play , and that something be feel , the personal engagement of the artist 's soul which distinguish the very good from the truly great . helen ( grudgingly ) he can still play . i’1l give he that . martin yeah , he be good . dovidl be bow to the audience , leave the stage to appreciative but not overwhelming applause . the audience begin to flow out in the direction of the lobby . 92 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.91 dovidl ( to Martin ) well ? martin good . it be good . dovidl it be crap . martin good crap , though . dovidl smile . dovidl wait fifteen minute . he disappear to he dress room . helen be it I , or be not he be just a little too compliant ? Martin nod he agreement . a similar sense of forebode have grip he too : a fear that dovidl 's uncharacteristic compliance so far may have be a magician 's misdirection , presage some outrageous act of rebellion still to come . and since the concert 's second half be schedule to be a solo performance without orchestra , dovidl will have all the latitude he need to go rogue . angle on the stage - be clear of chair and music stand . angle on backstage corridor and dressing room the orchestra musician leave for the night , pack away they instrument , put on they coat ... int . concert hall auditorium . night ( a’86 ) 92 the second half of the concert be about to commence . the audience have return and be wait expectantly , clear its collective throat . unaccompany solo performance be the acid test : nobody to cover the violinist 's mistake . angle on martin and helen stand now at the back of the hall . all the tension we see in they before the concert have return in the last fifteen minute . now dovidl make he second entrance . wearing this time , to the amusement of all , the long black coat and fedora of ultra - orthodox uniform . 93 94 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.92 something 's come , and it be not bach . we know what it be , what it have to be . we have know it for some while . as dovidl wait for the embarrassed titter to die away we will witness for the last time that now - familiar ritual : the long upward sweep of the rosin , the long downward sweep , and finally the bless of he lip . setting he bow gently to the gagliano - the gesture of a lover - dovidl open with a single note so pure and mournful , so protract , so tender , that even in this initial stroking of the instrument we realize that the first half of the concert be not misdirection at all , it be foreplay . this , though they do not know it yet , be what the audience come for . many of they be check they programme , puzzle , as be Martin , not to be hearing bach . on martin and helen they exchange a look . uh-oh . and now , for the first time , we will hear David eli rapoport 's solo violin version of the song of name , compose in 1952 in London in fidelity to he vow : a complex , exquisitely harmonize arrangement of the simple sung melody that change he life . it should be at once unbearably soulful , immediately memorable and technically stun ; a masterwork of nuance and colour and shadow ; a description in music of a people 's suffer , deliver via the ear to the blood . at first we will hear only the single voice of the gagliano , play the original sung melody ... int . warsaw asylum . day ( s’53 ) 93 .-- and then a second violin enter in harmony - play a variation on the melody - as we see dovidl ( 23 ) play the song of name for jozef wechsler ( 32 here but look fifty ) . outside the room Anna can be see listen to dovidl 's play . ext . treblinka . day ( s’53 ) 94 yet another variation as the voice of a third violin join the other two while dovidl '' play for the ash '' in the barren field that cover he family 's bone . in shot , in the background , by the original railway track as yet devoid of symbolic representation , Anna wait in she car [ not the polski ; probably a trabant ] . 95 96 97 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.93 int . young rebbexs synagogue ( synagogue ) . day ( s’51 ) 95 finally the trio of violin come together , now hear to choir accompaniment as they merge into a single piece , in perfect harmony with the sung melody in the stoke newington synagogue . here we reprise the scene of dovidl 's epiphany - the Young rebbe chant the name to the same melody , the congregation respond . int . concert hall . night ( a’86 ) 96 back to scene cu dovidl as he finish play the song of name in public for the first and only time . he draw out the final perfect melancholy note as long as possible , before fade slowly to silence . then nothing . the audience - stunne into a silence of they own . martin - move beyond the capacity to move . when , second later , the audience recover itself , they applause lift the roof . dovidl bow low . then leave the stage . there will be no encore . there will be no return . the rest be coda . int . dressing room . night ( a’86 ) 97 Martin have come with helen to dovidl 's dress room , the door of which stand ajar . they step inside . nobody here , no sign of occupancy . just a discard suit over the back of a chair , on its seat the case gagliano , and on the violin case - a envelope address to martin . glitter on the floor inside the threshold be the shatter remains of a block of rosin . helen 's eye go to the envelope , Martin 's to the scatter of bright yellow shard . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.94 dovidl 's voice ( v.o. ) my dearest mottl , you 's 1ll remember how I be forbidden to say kaddish for my family until they death be confirm and the anguish this cause I . it sadden I more than I can say to learn from you that my disappearance have cause that same anguish in you father . above all thing I want you to be spare it ... 98 int . HOTEL lobby . night ( a’86 ) 98 Martin have come to the hotel to confirm that dovidl be no longer there . the receptionist be confirm it , show Martin the duplicate of dovidl 's check - out invoice . dovidl 's voice ( v.o. ) ... two month ago , when you find I , I tell you I no longer live a life you would recognise . I no longer think of myself as a individual , which a artist be require to be . I choose instead to submerge myself within a community of faith ... 99 ext . dovidl 's house , brooklyn . morning ( a’86 ) 99 we will recognise it from sc. 67 . a phone be ringing inside . dovidl 's voice ( v.o. ) ..- it 's a social organism we borrow from nature : a body share a common history , common value and a common memory , to which the price of admission be the surrender of self ... 100 int . simmond house , martin 's home office . day ( ’86 ) 100 Martin be phone from he home office . the single american ring tone in he ear . dovidl 's voice ( v.o. ) ... it 's the most endure of family , impossible to extinguish . we take care of one another in way that natural family cannot ... Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.95 101 int . crown height house . morning ( a’86 ) 101 the phone be on the floor , ringing out in a empty house . dovidl 's family have move out . intercut with Martin hang up the phone . dovidl '’s voice ..- what you do , mottl , be return to I my individuality . you thrust it back into my hand like a unwanted gift . I consider all debt pay today . you have make I free and for that I thank you . but from the depth of my soul I must ask you not to find I again . you must think of I now as dead and act accordingly ... 102 int . simmond house , live room . night ( a’86 ) 102 Martin be re-read dovidl 's letter , probably for the tenth time ; helen be look out of the window . dovidl 's voice ( v.o. ) ...- May the Holy one bless you and keep you and you family always in his sight . you affectionate brother , dovidl . helen let he go , Martin . martin how be I suppose to think of he as dead when I know he be not ? helen trust the text . he 's give you permission . probably the only selfless thing he 's ever do . Martin shaking he head . refuse to accept it . helen that prayer Jews say for the dead ? martin kaddish . helen say that . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.95 a martin I can not . I be not jewish , I be not he brother , and he be not dead . 103 104 Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p.96 a long silence follow . helen have only one card leave to play . helen that day he do not show up ? he turn to look at she . she remain stare out of the window . helen ( cont 'd ) when you leave he , after the rehearsal ? nobody know where he go ? Martin make no response but recall it clearly . helen I be where he go . martin 's reaction there be not one ; at least nothing discernible . he never know of a romantic liaison between helen and dovidl ; but neither have he tell helen that he sleep with Anna in Poland . this revelation balance the scale . it assuage both he guilt and hers and it 's enough to dispel the myth of dovidl . helen reach out and take he hand . helen you be a better man than he be , Martin . you always be . int . simmond house . night ( a’86 ) 103 hour later , helen be sleep as Martin climb out of bed . martin ( v.o. ) yitgadal v’yitqadash sh’mai rabah ... widening to : int . simmond house , martin 's home office . night ( a’86 ) 104 camera find the case gagliano ... ...- pan to martin wearing a dress gown over he pyjamas , he have come here from he bed in the small hour . from a copy of brewer 's dictionary of phrase and fable he extract a postcard -size card print with transliterate character of the mourner 's kaddish - the kind Reform synagogue issue to congregation member who have no Hebrew . Blue - son d9.1 ( 09/20/2018 ) p-97 from it he read aloud the ancient aramaic prayer . his read , mark by mispronunciation and mistaken cadence , be coloured by a spectrum of emotion : love , anger , above all overwhelming sadness ; he voice break as he assign dovidl he desire place among the dead , lay he finally to rest . [ though we won ’t hear all of it , the full prayer read : martin yitgadal v'yitkadash sh'mei raba . b'alma di v'ra chirutei , v'yamlich malchutei , b'chayeichon uv ' yomeichon uv 'chayei d' chol beit yisrael , baagala uviz'man kariv . v'im 'ru : amen. y'hei sh'mei raba m'varach l'alam ul ' almei almaya . yitbarach v'yishtabach v'yitpaar v'yitromam v'yitnasei , v'yit ' hadar v'yitaleh v'yit ' halal sh'mei d' kud ' sha b'rich hu , l'teila minute kol birchata v'shirata , tushb ' chata v'nechemata , daamiran b'alma . v'imru : amen . y'hei sh'lama raba minute sh'maya , v'chayim aleinu v'al kol yisrael . v'imru : amen . oseh shalom bimromav , Hu yaaseh shalom aleinu , v'al kol yisrael . v'imru : amen. slow fade to black martin magnify and sanctify be God 's great name throughout the world that God create and govern by divine will . May the Kingdom of God be establish during you lifetime , and during you day , and during the day of all the house of Israel , yea speedily and in the near future , and let we say , amen . exalted , glorify and honore be the name of the bless Holy one whose glory be beyond all blessing , hymn and praise that people render , and let we say , amen . May great peace emanate from Heaven with good life for we and for all Israel , and let we say , amen . May the one who make peace in the heaven , make peace for we and for all Israel , and let we say , amen . ] on the sound track , initially overlap Martin 's prayer , then gradually displace it , we will hear the fully orchestrate version of the song of name , which will continue to play until credit end