the king speech written by David seidler OPEN on : 1 int . bathroom , york house , london - day ( mid - 1930 be ) 1 a shimmer surface of cold water - hold in a immense , free stand , white enamelle bathtub with gild lion 's leg - bulge in slow motion to the chord of handel 's " trumpet volunteer " . a head emerge . White glove hand , in livery , rush to envelope the surfacing naked wet body in white towel . 2 int . dressing chamber , york house - day 2 the ritual continue with crisp military precision . close on the Royal coat of arm stamp in gold : lion and unicorn embrace a shield divide into four quarter with harp , thistle , and more lion denote England , Ireland , Scotland and Wale . the shield be surmounted by a crown . this emblem be on a cuff-link fastened on a starch white shirt . trousers , press to a knife -edge , be hold for stockinge foot and garter leg to be insert . mirror- polished boot be lace tight . jacket , hold ready . arm , shoulder , chest receive . glisten medal attach to front of jacket create a dazzle field of ribbon and medallion . epaulet , edge with gold braid tassel , be adjust . Polished button be fastened . multi-coloured collar clasped shut . White ostrich feather , topping a tri-corner hat , be fluff and place upon brilliantine hair . pan down to the handsome feature of Albert , Duke of York , know to he family as bertie . he 's in he late thirty , the second son of King George V , the reign King of England . he convey a sensitivity which appear in conflict with the manner in which he 's be bedeck . reflected in a full length mirror , bertie tell himself : tks / seidler/09/17/08 3. bertie you look like a Christmas tree . he smile wanly . 3 ext . inner courtyard , york house , 145 picadilly - day 3 the royal standard flap atop a gleam chrome grill . livery footmen open the door of a stately Austin princess . bertie exit York House with he young wife - elizabeth - consider by all to be one of the loveliest woman in the land , truly a English rise . Golden labrador and corgis appear from all direction , weaving between they , bark boisterously , create a happy chaos . Elizabeth and bertie glance upwards and wave . two little girl , lilibet and margaret rose , age eight and four , wave back from they nursery window . 4 int / ext . austin princess , hyde park corner - day 4 bertie nervously light a cigarette . Elizabeth pat he hand . elizabeth Buck up , bertie . the BBC say it would not rain . bertie be Pov - speaker 's corner with its assortment of orator , prophet , protestor , and onlooker gather around soapbox , agree , disagreeing , shouting comment . other carry placard , sing protest song . a miner ' strike be the focus of the day . a large , rather untidy workingman with a florid rosacea nose spot the pass Austin and stare at the occupant . reverse angle - bertie 's face stare back . the first drop splatter against the glass . Elizabeth sigh . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) never trust the wireless . bertie 's face be obliterate by the increasingly heavy downpour , which segues into a gargling sound . tks / seidler/09/17/08 4. 5 int . BBC broadcasting studio - day 5 a gentleman in a tuxedo , carnation in boutonniere , be gargle while a technician hold a porcelain bowl and a towel at the ready . the man in the tuxedo be a BBC news reader . he expectorate discreetly into the bowl , wipe he mouth fastidiously , and signal to another technician who produce a atomizer . the reader open he mouth , squeeze the rubber bulb , and spray he inner throat . now , he 's ready . he look to the control room . the floor manager begin a count - down : five ... four ... three ... two ... BBC news reader lady and gentlemen : good afternoon . this be the BBC National and World programmes take you to wembley Stadium . he speak in flawless pear-shape tone . there 's no higher creature in the vocal world . 6 ext . wembley stadium - day 6 elevate shot look down on a sea of drip black umbrella hide the spectator from view . bertie and Elizabeth take they place in a row of gild chair with the other dignitary . they be : king GEORGE V - a barrel - chest man with Naval beard and uniform , accompany by he wife . queen mary - a elegant but icy grande dame . dr cosmo lang - a tall , unctuous , churchman with a high , dome , bald head , and a perpetual expression of moral superiority . winston churchill - a politician of sixty , as portly as lang be lean . they be banter rival in ambition . stanley baldwin - the Prime Minister of the day . heavy -brow . his hair , as always , parte down the middle . neville chamberlain - chancellor of the exchequer . tall , thin , lugubrious , with the expression of a quizzical chicken hawk . a BBC technician place a huge impose microphone suspend on spring next to the stadium equipment . it look frightening , even to we . bertie 's shoulder brace as though expect a blow . Elizabeth see he terror . tks / seidler/09/17/08 5 . elizabeth why be not he tell ? cosmo lang ten million people listen around the world , Mam . possibly more . ( as though bertie do not exist ) his brother , and father , have be broadcasting since last year . the King , grow impatient , hiss : king GEORGE V get on with it . show what you be make of ! bertie move forward diffidently , without a ounce of confidence , know deep within he 's doom . his stomach knot , chest muscle contract , constrict he breath . bertie luh-luh -lord , la-la-lady , gen-tell - man . it be a shock to realize this be a man with a profound stutter . a man who can not speak in public . lang whisper to churchill . when lang whisper , everyone can hear . cosmo lang I would not miss his highness ' maiden voyage for all the world . and on such a important occasion . lang really be a piece of work . for ease of read , bertie 's stutter be not indicate from this point on in the script . bertie no doubt you wish the Prince of Wale be stand before you today . Pov - a sea of drip umbrella . no response . this be go to be a torment for he , and he audience . 7 int . BBC broadcasting studio - day 7 a glow dial on the face of a studio radio . everyone listen intently . tks / seidler/09/17/08 6. bertie ( on radio ) ( stutter profoundly ) be that as it may ... my brother David be attend to other duty in the furthest part of this vast Empire ... the radio fall silent . eye widen in concern . 8 ext . wembley stadium - day 8 bertie stand freeze , he mouth agape , jaw muscle lock . he know he 's consider by all , especially himself , unfit for public life . Elizabeth be devastate . king GEORGE V just need more practice . 9 ext . harley STREET - new day 9 tracking shot - rain splatter on brass plaque denote Dr this or Dr that , specialist in various malady . halt at a plaque that read : lionel logue , speech specialist . 10 int . reception room , logue' chamber , harley STREET - day 10 umbrella stand , coat rack , wooden wait bench : that 's all . the door be flung open and Elizabeth enter , drench , she hat decorate with white silk rose , now limp . a veil cover she feature . she wait . cough . no response . call imperiously : elizabeth be you there ? from behind a door : lionel ( o.s. ) in the lav . princess Elizabeth be not use to this sort of thing . she 's further appal by the loud gurgle of a toilet be flushed , and startle by the entrance of - lionel logue . he 's in he forty , tall , with pierce eye and charismatic feature . his demeanor be friendly , but professional . the accent , although Australian , be not heavy , he be after all a speech therapist . tks / seidler/09/17/08 7. lionel ( cont 'd ) " how poor be they that have not patience ! what wound do ever heal but by degree ? " elizabeth pardon ? lionel iago ... world 's great villain . just want to be bad . sorry , no receptionist . he offer to shake hand . she do not take it , even though she 's glove . elizabeth ( with sing froid ) I would be more comfortable in you office . lionel that 's for client . where 's mister j? elizabeth he do not know I be here . lionel that 's not a promise start . elizabeth my husband 's see everyone . they be all useless . he 's give up hope . lionel a bit premature . elizabeth because he have not see you ? lionel do not disgree . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) you be very sure of yourself . lionel I be sure of anyone who want to be cure . elizabeth of course my husband want to be cure ! his position require public speak upon occasion . a torment . I fear the requirement may grow more frequent . lionel he should change job . tks / seidler/09/17/08 8. elizabeth he can not . lionel indenture servitude ? elizabeth something of that nature . lionel well , have you `hubby ' pop by and give he personal history . I will make a frank appraisal . elizabeth Doctor ... logue try to object but she over-ride . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ... I do not have a " hubby " . we never talk about we private life . nor do we `pop ' . you must come to we . lionel sorry , this be my game , play on my turf , by my rule . the lady lift she veil . elizabeth perhaps you will make a exception ? he recognize she instantly , and be clearly impressed , yet refuse to be intimidate . lionel I think the appointment be for " Johnson " ? elizabeth a name use during the great War , when the navy do not wish the enemy to know his Royal highness be aboard . lionel I be consider the enemy ? elizabeth you will be , should you continue to be un - obliging . tks / seidler/09/17/08 9. lionel for my method to succeed there must be mutual trust , complete honesty , and total equality . that process take place in my consultation room . no exception . elizabeth in which case ... ( re-lowering she veil ) I should have keep my pledge . I promise my husband I would stop seek " the great cure . " I have waste you time . and mine . she exit , close the door firmly behind she . lionel bloody hell , I buggere that . wack ! the sound of something solid meeting leather . 11 ext . south kensington STREET - late afternoon 11 a foot kick a ball . lionel be return home from work . he 's a well - know fixture locally . some lad be play footie . one of they pass the ball to lionel who , despite briefcase and roll brolly , dribble skillfully before pass the ball and enter a modest brownstone . 12 int . logue' entryway and stairwell - late afternoon 12 as lionel mount the stair he 's set upon by three sturdy boy - valentine , ian , and peter - with handkerchief tie around the lower portion of they face and armed with broomstick sword . valentine stand and deliver ! lionel ( fall into the game ) `ow dare molest ... Jack the ripper ?! the boy scream with delight and a sword fight ensue - lionel use he brolly . lionel ( cont 'd ) beware , highwaymen , or I will run yee through . peter we be swagmen , not highwaymen , dad . tks / seidler/09/17/08 10 . lionel oh . ( then ) beware , jolly swagmen , I will skewer yer gizzard . lionel wife - myrtle - appear at the head of the stair ; a sweet - face , down - to-earth woman . myrtle you will all hang from the gallow if you do not come for tea . lionel boy , I think we would best go up . 13 int . logue' dine room - evening 13 logue , myrtle , and the boy be finish at the table . lionel have a visit from a lady today . myrtle another spoiled silly ? valentine May we be excuse ? lionel you must stay , bored stupid , listen to you parent ' inane conversation . the boy ( grin ) thanks , dad ! lionel and mum . the boy and mum ! they start to leave . myrtle take you plate . the boy grab they plate and exit . after a moment ... myrtle ( cont 'd ) no wonder about the silly . you be so good at what you do . tks / seidler/09/17/08 11 . lionel at what I do . ( then , deliberately be `theatrical ' ) twas a Lady with a capital L. myrtle oh , lionel , that would get we home in grand style would not it ?! lionel she come on behalf of she husband . which be not the proper way . I tell she I be fully book . myrtle be clearly disappointed lionel ( cont 'd ) she be ... too high and mighty . know what I mean . she do . there 's a unspoken code between they . myrtle we would not want that . cover she letdown . myrtle ( cont 'd ) hard to feel sorry for that sort . silence , then : lionel have a call . wish I luck ? myrtle course , lionel . load and load . 14 int . children' nursery , 145 piccadilly - night 14 Elizabeth , fashionably attire for a evening - out , be curl on a bearskin rug read " Peter Pan " to the girl . elizabeth " Mr. and Mrs. darling and nana rush into the nursery too late . the bird be fly . " bertie enter , handsome in a tuxedo . Elizabeth close the book . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) tomorrow , chapter iv , ` the Flight ' . tks / seidler/09/17/08 12. the two little girl clap with joy . margaret rose oh , to fly away ! bertie be not they lucky . within he family , bertie 's stutter be virtually absent . lilibet one would have to learn to fly properly of course . margaret rose now a daddy story ! bertie can I be a penguin instead ? he drop to he knee and waddle . in he tux he look like a penguin . the girl giggle , but be undeterred . lilibet the horsie story , please . bertie ah well . call upon to perform , the stutter return slightly . but the two girl listen raptly , ignore they father 's minor impediment , and it fade . bertie ( cont 'd ) once upon a time there be two horsy . a white horse that go clip clop clip clop through hyde Park . and a black horse that go clip clop clip clop through hyde Park . they meet in the middle of hyde Park . the white horse say " neigh " . the black horse say , " neigh " . the white horse continue on , clip clop clip clop through hyde Park . the black horse continue on , clip clop clip clop through hyde Park . and that 's the end of the story . now off to bed . as the girl exit : lilibet a silly story really . but Father tell it rather well . the girl have go . tks / seidler/09/17/08 13. bertie David call . he say come round to the Fort on Friday and stay for dinner . elizabeth will she be there ? bertie I suppose . elizabeth seriously ? bertie seriously , she will be there . elizabeth I think I mean ... be David serious ? bertie about we come ? elizabeth about she ! bertie a marry american ? twice divorced ? he can not be . elizabeth she can . 15 int . stage of a london theatre - new day 15 movement behind a curtain . muffled voice ( unseen ) now ? from the auditorium : director now ! someone push through a gap . its lionel . lionel " now ... " falter , begin again . tks / seidler/09/17/08 14 . lionel ( cont 'd ) " now be the winter of we discontent make glorious summer by this sun of York ... " his elocution be crisp and flawless . his act , however , be unconvincing . lionel ( cont 'd ) " and all the cloud that lour would upon we house in the deep bosom of the ocean bury . now be we brow bound with victorious wreath ... " director ( interrupt crisply ) thank you . beautiful diction ... but I do not hear the cry of a deform creature yearn to be King . lionel struggle to maintain a semblance of dignity . lionel what do you suggest ? director continue to do whatever you do , and hope it give you a great deal of satisfaction . crushed , lionel retreat behind the curtain . 16 ext . buckingham palace - new evening 16 cold and austere mausoleum illuminate by floodlight . on the parade ground , grenadier Guards in red coat and black bearskin busby drill stiffly like toy soldier . viewing stand be beginning to fill . the King 's voice be hear : king GEORGE V ( o.s. ) stride boldly up to the bloody thing , stare it square in the eye , and talk to it as you would to any decent englishman . 17 int . the king be study , buckingham palace - evening 17 the King 's study resemble a naval captain 's cabin . both man be uniform for a state occasion . bertie regards the BBC microphone as though it be a alien . tks / seidler/09/17/08 15 . bertie I d-d - do not thu - thu -think I c-c-can . in the presence of he father , bertie 's stutter return in full form , he breathe short and shallow , the muscle in spasm . king GEORGE V show who 's in command . if you do not , this devilish device will change everything . use to be , all a King have to do be look reasonable in uniform and not fall off he horse . now we must creep cap in hand into people 's home that smell of boil cabbage , and speak nicely to they . we be reduce to that lowest , basest of all creature ... we have become ... actor ! do not give I a look of defeat pathos . this be a family crisis ! bertie Father , we be not a family , we be a firm . his father shoot bertie a surprised look . do the lad have a brain after all ? king GEORGE V we be the oldest , most successful , corporation in the world and sit on throne be we business ! but any moment now we may be out of work . you brother come to I the other day , livid a certain lady have be refuse a invitation to my Silver Jubilee . I point out she be not a lady and most definitely be not he wife . bertie what do David say ? king GEORGE V she make he sublimely happy . I say : that be probably because she be sleep with he . " I give you my word we have never have immoral relation . " " as my son , as Prince of Wale , as my heir , do you solemnly swear you friendship with this woman be a absolutely clean one ? " " I do " , he say . " look I in the eye , " I say . " on my honour " he say . stare straight at he father ... and lie . bertie oh my brother ... tks / seidler/09/17/08 16 . king GEORGE V when I be dead that boy will ruin himself , this family , and this nation , within twelve month . who will pick up the piece ? David 's friend , oswald mosley ? his black - shirt british Union of fascist be march through London . Hitler terrorize half of Europe , stalin the other half . who will stand between we , the jackboot , and the proletarian abyss ? you ? a red light attach to the mike begin a series of warning blink . bertie what be you go to say ? king GEORGE V the usual guff . the archbishop write it . my people love to hear I say it . speak fluently , of course . they're interrupt by the entrance of the BBC News reader and technician . king GEORGE V ( cont 'd ) that 's the chap who teach I how to use this contraption . you touch you chin with you thumb and the `thing ' with the end of you little finger . splendid fellow . squish . assisted by the technician , the News reader spray he throat . BBC news reader good evening , lady and gentleman , this be the BBC , broadcasting direct from Buckingham Palace upon the occasion of the Royal Silver Jubilee . his majesty : King George the fifth . king GEORGE V ( to the mike ) " I can only say to you , my very very dear people , that the Queen and I thank you from the depth of we heart for all the loyalty and - may I say so ? - the love with which this day and always you have surround we . I dedicate myself anew to you service for all the year that may still be give to I . " the News reader , terribly move , whisper to he technician : tks / seidler/09/17/08 17 . BBC news reader that 's how a King speak . ( add with splendid false modesty ) I show hm how to do it . 18 ext . buckingham palace - night 18 the edge of the crowd be visible . one can sense a vast sea of humanity . when the glass door of the upper balcony open the murmur become a roar . when the King step out , it become tumultuous . 19 ext . balcony , buckingham palace - continuous 19 the King be join by Queen Mary and the archbishop of canterbury , other royal , and dignitary . the noise be deafen . the King beckon impatiently for someone still inside to join they . it 's bertie , with Elizabeth . bertie they do not come to see we , Father . king GEORGE V pretend . bertie where 's David ? king GEORGE V bedd he american whore . come , join the fun ! ( aside to Elizabeth ) you will have to do a lot more of this . I be send he to the midland . with all the factory noise they will not hear a word he say . the King go back to wave . Elizabeth be stunne at the prospect . the roar of the crowd segues into the roar of machinery . 20 int . midland factory - new day 20 huge industrial wheel whir in neutral . worker be line up dutifully to hear the visit Royal . bertie 's lip move , but with the noise he cannot be hear . Elizabeth watch in relief . then a foreman , try to be helpful , signal . the machinery halt , the factory fall silent . tks / seidler/09/17/08 18. at first the momentum of speak without be hear carry bertie forward . bertie what 's need be cooperation ... hear he own voice reverberate through the cavernous factory bring bertie 's stutter back in full form . bertie ( cont 'd ) ... buh - buh -between the cuh-cuh-classses ... one of the worker sullenly pull a chain , release a blast from a steam whistle that drown bertie out . 21 ext . austin princess drive thru hyde park - new day 21 the royal standard flutter . 22 int . austin princess - day 22 Elizabeth and bertie in the back . bertie be this necessary ? elizabeth you know perfectly well . as they pass a corner news stand , the headline chalkboard read : prince of wale tell miner " something must be do ! " elizabeth ( cont 'd ) neglect to tell they what must be do , how its to be do , and who 's to do it . bertie David have ` the touch ' . they adore he . as the Austin halt for light , people stare to see who 's inside . some point . bertie ( cont 'd ) I will wager they be say : there 's the useless one who can not speak . 23 int . logue' waiting room - day 23 bertie and Elizabeth enter . she explain in a whisper : tks / seidler/09/17/08 19 . elizabeth there 's no receptionist . Elizabeth glance nervously at the lavatory door . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( loudly ) the johnson . from the inner office . lionel ( o.s. ) not finish yet . Elizabeth be relieved its not come from the lav . bertie how would you find this physician ? elizabeth ( poker -face ) classified ; next to " saucy model , shepherd 's market " . bertie smile despite he mood . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) come highly recommend . charge substantial fee in order to help the poor . ( realize ) oh dear , perhaps he 's a bolshevik ?! bertie I be not sure I want to see this fellow . elizabeth I be not sure he want to see you . the consultation room door open and a work class young woman - anna - come out ; then realize with a gasp who they be . she retreat rapidly back into the consulting room . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) perhaps this be a mistake . after a uncomfortable moment , Anna return , attempt to be properly formal , and stutter : anna you can go in now , " Mr. Johnson " . bertie I be not actually Mr ... tks / seidler/09/17/08 20 . anna ( whisper , terrify ) I know . ( then to Elizabeth ) Dr logue say ... lionel ( o.s. ) lionel ! anna lionel say ... wait here if you wish . or , it be a pleasant day , take a stroll . ( to the consultation room ) be that alright ? lionel ( o.s. ) bloody marvellous . anna ( choke up ) thank you ... lionel . Anna flee quickly . lionel ( o.s. ) Mr. Johnson , do come in . the york look at each other . 24 int . logue' consultation room - day 24 a totally different universe from the spartan wait area . a world of book - pile of they spilling everywhere . two slightly shabby , but comfortable armchair . well - wear turkish rug . hotplate and two chip mug . model airplane hang from the ceiling . record apparatus . the wall be pearl grey and smoky blue . bertie my wife 's favorite colour . here , in a doctor 's office , bertie 's stutter return . lionel glad we have something in common . bertie 's head bang into one of the model . lionel ( cont 'd ) my lad build they . make yourself comfortable . tks / seidler/09/17/08 21 . bertie please ... lionel what ? bertie you be too close . five pace be the rule of thumb . lionel that might be difficult in this office . bertie perches uneasily on the edge of a armchair . lionel ( cont 'd ) Nice girl , Anna . worried she would not find a husband if she could not speak . try to convince she man will find she even more attractive as a silent partner . the perfect woman . sorry , bad Australian joke . why would you wife change she mind and ask for a appointment ? bertie I can not discuss that . lionel what can we talk about ? bertie that 's better . when speak with a Royal one wait for the Royal to start the conversation and choose the topic . lionel you joke . that will not work here . bertie I admit if one wait for I to start a conversation one can wait a rather long time . silence . they stare at each other . bertie ( cont 'd ) you call this make I comfortable ? lionel you call this be forthcoming ? bertie be not you interested in treat I ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 22. lionel only if you be interested in be cure . more silence . lionel ( cont 'd ) cuppa tea ? bertie no thank you . lionel I need one . turn on the hot plate . lionel ( cont 'd ) any idea what you be let yourself in for ? bertie apparently a great deal of rudeness , Doctor logue . lionel call I lionel . bertie I prefer Doctor . lionel I prefer lionel . my family call I far worse . what shall I call you ? bertie the Duke of York be appropriate . lionel oh please . bertie you Royal highness then . lionel much more informal . bertie Prince Albert ? or Frederick ? Arthur ? George ? I have lot of name to choose from . lionel how about bertie ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 23. bertie ( flush ) only my family use that . lionel that 's what I will call you then . we must be true equal . bertie if we be equal I would not be here , I would be at home with my family and no - one would give a damn . bertie start to light a cigarette from a silver case . lionel do not do that . bertie give he a astonished look . lionel ( cont 'd ) suck smoke into you lung will kill you . bertie my physician say it 's good for stutter , relax the throat . lionel they be idiot . bertie they have all be knight . lionel make it official then . House rule : no smoking . bertie I think here we be " equal " . lionel as a monarchist I think you would appreciate this be my dig and here I rule . no smoking . what be you earliest memory ? bertie I beg you pardon ? lionel first recollection of the world ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 24 . bertie ( stutter grow in intensity ) I be not here to discuss personal matter . lionel why be you here then ? bertie ( explode ) because I bloody well stutter ! and you bloody well can not fix it !!! lionel temper . bertie one of my numerous fault . lionel do you stutter when you think ? bertie do not be ridiculous . lionel one of my many fault . how about when you talk to yourself ? bertie I do not talk to myself ! lionel come on , everyone natter to themselves once in a while , bertie . bertie stop call I that ! lionel sha not call you anything else . bertie then we sha not speak ! silence . the jug have boil . lionel make himself a cup of tea . bertie ( cont 'd ) must I pay for this ? lionel load . now : when you talk to yourself , do you stutter ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 25 . bertie of course not ! lionel prove you impediment be not a permanent internal fixture . bertie when I give a speech ... I bloody stutter !!! lionel Bet you a bob you can read flawlessly , right here , right now . bertie ( bitterly ) easy money . you be on . lionel see you shilling then . bertie royal do not carry money . lionel how convenient . logue fish a coin from he pocket and put it on the table . lionel ( cont 'd ) I will stake you . pay I back next time . bertie if there be a next time . lionel correct , I have not agree to take you on . during this , logue have uncover a piece of apparatus , a recording device with earphone . he set a blank disc onto the turntable and position a microphone , then hand bertie a open book . bertie glare at it defiantly . bertie I certainly can not read the bard . lionel ` easy money ' . bertie read , stutter badly and get worse . bertie " to be or not to be , that be the question . whether it be wiser ... " there ! tks / seidler/09/17/08 26 . reaches for the coin . lionel not so fast . bertie I prove I can not read . lionel you prove you can not listen . hand bertie a pair of heavily padded earphone . bertie do not want to take they . lionel ( cont 'd ) a princely bob be at stake . bertie reluctantly put on the earphone . logue turn a dial . loud music be hear . bertie take off the earphone . the music stop . bertie you be play music . lionel I be aware . bertie how can I hear what I be say ?! lionel bertie , you be Royal . surely a prince 's brain know what its mouth be do ? bertie you be not well acquainted with Royal prince , be you ? lionel I want to demonstrate that when you can not hear you voice , you do not stutter , thus prove you impediment be not innate . bertie rubbish . bertie replace the earphone . again , the loud music . his lip move as he read , but all that can be hear be the music . finish read the passage he take off the earphone and the music cease . he reach for the coin , but logue snatch it . bertie ( cont 'd ) I be terrible . tks / seidler/09/17/08 27 . lionel flawless . bertie I know how I sound ! lionel would I lie to a prince of the realm to win twelve - pence ? bertie I have no idea what a Australian might do for that sort of money . logue put the record in a brown paper dust jacket and hand it to bertie . lionel souvenir of we first and presumably last encounter . bertie glance at the record . Pov - the label : hmv his master 's Voice . 25 int . waiting room - day 25 Elizabeth , try to be gracious , have be cool she heel with a work class mother and she young son willie . lionel I be finish with you husband . bertie I be finish with Doctor logue ! lionel lionel . they exit curtly . willie' mum be that ...? lionel certainly not . how 's it go , mate ? willie' mum William be not try hard enough . lionel Willie ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 28. willie dddddoooing ggggggggood . lionel why be I not surprised ? 26 int . / ext . austin princess on london STREET - day 26 the york be be drive home . as they pass speaker ' corner , oswald mosley 's blackshirt british Union of fascist be out in full force . bertie the bloody man do parlour trick and cheat I out of a shilling . in fury he roll down the window and be about to throw away the record . Elizabeth stop he . elizabeth they will see . he quickly roll up the window . the sound of a approach aircraft engine . 27 ext . private landing strip , sandringham estate - new day 27 a grass strip cut into the moor . bertie wait beside a shoot break , the stiff breeze whipping he coat , as a small plane land and taxi . the cockpit canopy slide back and the pilot leap out , remove he leather helmet and goggle , revealing hair gleam like gold , perfect tooth flash a dentist 's smile . this be - david - the Prince of Wale , Prince charm , the media 's darling , a sun god descend from the sky accustom to be worshipped by all . david ( teasing with a false stutter ) hello , b-b-bertie . b-b-been wait long ? bertie Three day . where have you be ? bertie stutter badly in the presence of he brother . david I be busy . bertie so be i. Elizabeth have pneumonia . tks / seidler/09/17/08 29 . david she will recover . bertie shoot he a look . bertie Father will not . 28 int . / ext . shoot break on sandringham lane - continuous 28 David drive . badly . david he 's do this on purpose . bertie dying ?! david some sod tip he off wallis be get a quickie divorce and we be go to make we marriage a fait accompli . as a act of pure spite , Father 's try to depart prematurely in order to complicate matter . the break almost careen off the lane . bertie you believe that ? david wallis explain it . she 's terribly clever . 29 int . king bedroom , sandringham - day 29 the King be propped up in bed , wrap in he favorite fade tibetan dress gown , hook to a oxygen tank . he 's surround by he wife , Queen Mary , he two eldest son , he Secretary - clive wigram - he personal physician - dr dawson , and a nurse . wigram present a tray with papers and pen . wigram the Instruments of succession , you majesty . the King be so feeble he can barely make he mark . glare at David . king GEORGE V you be next ? God help we . tks / seidler/09/17/08 30 . he wave they out of the room , but beckon wigram to come close , and whisper something in he ear . wigram at the appropriate moment , you majesty . the King nod . 30 int . dine hall , sandringham - night 30 clear soup be be serve at the immense table . place set for five , but only bertie and he mother be seat . the clinking of silver and china . finally : queen mary I want my jewelry divide equally . Elizabeth get first choice . she 's not greedy . bertie May I remind you , you be not the one who 's die , mother . queen mary where be the other ? bertie Lord wigram and Dr Dawson be make arrangement . queen mary what sort of arrangement ? bertie they do not say . queen mary and David ? fetch he . 31 int . library , sandringham - continuous 31 David , hunch over a table , appear to be sobbing . he do not hear bertie 's discreet knock . see he brother cry , bertie be deeply move , put a comforting hand on he shoulder . David pull away as though touch by a leper and cover the receiver in he hand . david I be on with wallis ! ( as though bertie do not exist ) ( more ) tks / seidler/09/17/08 31 . david ( cont 'd ) I know , darling , a talk , even a lovely long talk , be a poor substitute for hold tight and make drowsy . nor make we own drowsie either , as we have have to do far too often lately . ( kiss the phone ) til then , sweet love . ( hang up ) wally miss I terribly bertie mother say you be late for supper . David glare at a clock . david clock set five minute in advance , so as not to be late . when I be King I shall set they back ! 32 int . dine hall , sandringham - continuous 32 bertie and David enter to find wigram and Dawson with they mother . queen mary Lord wigram have request permission to order the coffin . nobody want to take responsibility . the Queen look to David . he nod . they be interrupt by a butler . bulter the archbishop of canterbury . david who the hell invite he ?! queen mary nobody . do not swear . david somebody should bloody well dis-invite he . Father swear . wigram that would be rash . queen mary you be not you father . tks / seidler/09/17/08 32. wigram his Grace can be a persistent enemy . we need friend . David know he 's refer to the Simpson affair . david show the toad in . lang be already sweeping towards they . cosmo lang whatever can I contribute in this dreadful hour ?! 33 int . library , sandringham - later 33 the man be huddle , with cigar and port , compose a news release . bertie act as secretary . cosmo lang " tranquilly " ? " serenely " ? wigram peacefully . the other nod . cosmo lang " the King 's life be move peacefully to its ... " " termination " ? wigram Close . cosmo lang " ...to its close . " wigram as a man of letter you be heaven - send to assist in the editing of we press communique . lang beam . wigram ( cont 'd ) I will telephone this through to the BBC and alert the Times to hold the morning edition . the problem be ... if we be to keep to schedule ... time be run out . the clock be approach midnight . tks / seidler/09/17/08 33. david be my father late for death ? wigram we would not want the news deliver by the disreputable afternoon press , would we ? the brother look at he . he expain : cosmo lang who know what sensational side issue that tabloid might report . dawson perhaps a peaceful termination ? all eye on David . 34 int . king bedroom , sandringham - night 34 the nurse look aghast as Dr Dawson administer a injection . dawson Three quarter of a gram of morphia and a gram of cocaine injected into the distend jugular vein . nurse no ! that 's ... dawson you may leave . she do so , sobbing . everyone watch silently as the King 's breathe slow , the twitching jugular subside , then all movement cease . Dawson take the pulse , and consult he watch . David set the hand of the room 's big clock back by five minute . dawson ( cont 'd ) time of expiration , 11:55 pm . on schedule . Queen Mary curtsy in homage to the new King , take she eldest son 's hand and kissing it . when she look up ... she eye be chill . queen mary Long live the King . tks / seidler/09/17/08 34 . 35 int . bertie' study - night 35 bertie , in despair and grief , have be describe to Elizabeth what happen . bertie the look in mother 's eye , it be ... ghastly . he notice something on he desk , the record logue make . Pov : the label - his master 's Voice - stare up at he . he release he emotion in a outburst of anger . bertie ( cont 'd ) what 's this bloody thing do here ?! elizabeth bertie ... bertie the man be a total fraud ! he pick up the record and be about to smash it against the edge of he desk , then realize the mess that would make and toss it into a waste paper basket . then change he mind . bertie ( cont 'd ) would you like to hear ? elizabeth not particularly . bertie well I think you should . you should know what go on . telling I he could help I read flawlessly . lying bastard ! listen to this babble ! bertie take the record from the trash and walk to a Victrola stand , lift the arm , place the steel needle , expect to hear he stutter voice . instead , what he hear be flawless and flow : bertie' recorded voice " to be , or not to be , - that be the question : - whether `tis nobler in the mind to suffer the sling and arrow of outrageous fortune , or to take arm against a sea of trouble , and by oppose end they ? " ( the needle stick ) ( more ) tks / seidler/09/17/08 35 . bertie' recorded voice ( cont 'd ) " ... sea of trouble , and by oppose end they ? and by oppose end they ? and by oppose ... " bertie lift the needle . he and he wife stare at each other ; there be tear in she eye . the roar of a huge delirious crowd be hear , grow in volume . the roar become chillingly recognizable : " Zeig Heil ! Zeig Heil ! Zeig Heil ! " go to black : Hitler , give one of he mass rally speech , continue . the brass number 10 appear on the blackness . it be : 36 ext . 10 downing STREET - new night 36 the black front door of the Prime Minister 's residence . the fuhrer 's tirade continue as camera move through the door into 10 down Street itself . 37 int . 10 downing STREET - continuous 37 camera explore the dwelling , during which Hitler grow louder and more shrill , until : 38 int . baldwin be study - continuous 38 the glow light of a illuminate dial of a radio , listen to by churchill and baldwin . they wear black armband . winston churchill turn that devil off ! the hysteria stop . winston churchill ( cont 'd ) if only one could do that so easily in real life . baldwin Chamberlain think that Hitler can be reason with . winston churchill neville be a old woman . tks / seidler/09/17/08 36 . baldwin that 's the direction its go , Winston . you be out of step . winston churchill we will see who trip and fall . baldwin enough pleasantry . I have ask you here because you seem to be the only sensible member of the King 's camp . winston churchill Nice of you to say so , stanley . baldwin be he willing to be reasonable ? winston churchill depend on the definition . baldwin ( bluntly ) have he see the light ? winston churchill he have . baldwin brighten . winston churchill ( cont 'd ) we monarch bask in the warming ray of a celestial orb . her name be wally . baldwin 's face cloud once again . 39 int . logue' consultation room - new day 39 a headline scream : hitler rattle sabre . lionel be at he desk read the newspaper as he son sprawl on the floor building a model airplane . valentine dad ? lionel mmmm ? valentine time for a shake , dad . tks / seidler/09/17/08 37 . lionel ( pleased ) you sure ? the boy shake ! shake ! shake ! clearly this be a much love ritual . lionel disappear into a closet . ian Bet its the Scottish play . valentine othello ! peter perhaps something with falstaff ? ominous thump within the closet . lionel ( from inside the closet ) " Art thou afeard ? " the boy caliban ! lionel lumber out of the closet , a pillow stuff into he jacket to create a monstrous hunchback . his act , perform just for he child , be quite magical . lionel " be not afeard ; the isle be full of noise , sound and sweet air , that give delight , and hurt not . sometimes a thousand twanging instrument will hum about mine ear ; and sometimes voice , that , if then I have wake after long sleep , will make I sleep again : and then , in dream , the cloud methought would open , and show rich ready to drop upon I ; that , when I wake , I cry to dream again . " the lad be enthralled . the door bell ring . lionel be not expect anyone . 40 ext . entrance to logue' chamber , harley STREET - day 40 the Austin princess wait at the curb . bertie be at the door . he ring the bell again . tks / seidler/09/17/08 38. bertie' voice Doctor logue ? 41 int . logue' consultation room - continuous 41 lionel be stunne , cover : lionel must be a tradesman . off you go , lad . mum should be home from work . the boy gather they thing , deposit the model plane on a chair , stow the building material in a box , and exit the back way . lionel go to the door , but do not open it . bertie' voice logue ...? logue , expressionless , do not respond . 42 ext . entrance to logue' chamber - continuous 42 bertie be tear : part of he want to flee , yet he desperately need to be let in . he know what must be do . this be a huge step for he . bertie lionel ... it 's bertie . the door open . lionel my condolence . I do not expect you . bertie thank you . I do not expect to be here . May I come in ? lionel no . bertie what ? lionel my wife do not think it 's a good idea . bertie you wife ? lionel myrtle . tks / seidler/09/17/08 39 . bertie myrtle ? myrtle 's never meet I . I have never meet myrtle . May we discuss myrtle in private ? its not proper talk about we woman on the street . lonel give he a look , but let he he . 43 int . waiting room to logue' chamber - continuous 43 as they enter bertie notice : bertie what happen to you shoulder ? lionel hastily remove the pillow , toss it away . lionel sore back . bertie what 's you myrtle get to do with I ? Elizabeth do not much care for you either , but here I be . lionel that woman have style . bertie which be why she dislike you . you be far too familiar . ( refer to the consultation room ) May we discuss this properly ? 44 int . logue' consultation room - continuous 44 they enter : lionel you look dreadful . bertie another example of exactly the sort of thing you do not say to a Royal . and you be too close . lionel but you be not Royal in this room . tks / seidler/09/17/08 40 . bertie which be precisely why Elizabeth dislike you . he start to sit . lionel not there ! crunch . a model airplane be nestle in the armchair . lionel ( cont 'd ) curtis bi-plane , now a curtis mono-w . bertie oh I say , I be terribly sorry . tell you lad I will buy a new one . lionel take out the box of model building gear the boy leave . lionel you do not have any money . I will fix it . so , bertie , what bring you here ? you father 's death ? bertie be silent . lionel ( cont 'd ) mine lay rigid , fist clench angrily at he side , dare the reaper : take I , you bastard ! bertie what be he angry about ? lionel I be a great disappointment . bertie think he would be proud of you . lionel so do I . bertie a man of stature ? lionel a clerk . bertie oh . ( pause ) ( more ) tks / seidler/09/17/08 41 . bertie ( cont 'd ) I be inform , after the fact , my father 's last word be : " bertie have more gut than the rest of he brother put together . " ( pause ) could not say that to my face . ( then ) you mother ? lionel cough herself to death when I be young . bertie oh . lionel I remember go to the theatre with she . not real theatre ... travel player . bertie I have be to Australia . lionel not where I live . bertie ( blurt ) my brother . that 's why I be here . lionel what 's he do ? bertie can not say . lionel I be go home now . bertie you must undersand , I can not puh-puh-puh ... his jaw and throat muscle constrict . lionel try sing it . bertie pardon ? lionel know any song ? bertie " swanee River " . tks / seidler/09/17/08 42. lionel very modern . bertie happens to be my favorite . lionel sing it . bertie certainly not . ( fascinate by the plane repair ) May I help ? always want to build model . Father would not allow it . I have to collect stamp . he collect stamp . lionel only if you sing . go like this ... ( sing ) " Way down upon the ... " bertie I know the word ! ( sing ) " Way down upon the swanee River . ... " etcetera . lionel you do not stutter . bertie of course I do not stutter , I be sing ! one do not stutter when one sing ! ( realise ) ) oh ... ( then ) well I can not waltz around on State occasion warbling ! lionel you can with I . bertie that 's because you be peculiar . lionel I take that as a compliment . cut some strut from the balsa . sorry , hard to show you what to do at five pace . would you like a cup of tea ? bertie no. yes . thank you . tks / seidler/09/17/08 43. lionel fire up the hot plate . lionel you be about to sing a aria concern you brother . bertie I be not croon to the tune of " swanee River ! " lionel try " camptown race " then . ( sing ) " the arch of C , he say to I , doo - dah doo - dah ... " that sort of thing . bertie I can not talk , or sing , about you future King , doo -dah , doo-dah ... lionel my future King ? he 's you future King too . do that cause friction ? know he would grow up to be King , but you would not . bertie certainly not . I have always look up to David . Water 's boil . lionel make the pot . lionel two lump or one ? bertie , a bit abash , hold up three finger . bertie I have a sweet tooth . to tell the truth ... lionel always preferable . ( refer to plane wing ) cover it with tissue . bertie ... it be a relief . know I would not be King . lionel why 's that ? lionel hand he a mug of tea . bertie realize it 's chip and possibly none too clean . tks / seidler/09/17/08 44 . bertie I would not have to give speech ! reaches into he jacket for he cigarette case . lionel no smoking . what 's the age difference ? while logue be not look , bertie surreptitiously wipe the rim of the mug with he handkerchief . bertie eighteen month . lionel but for eighteen month you would have be King ?! bertie we do not think about it that way , doctor . ( sing ) doo-dah doo-dah . ( then ) David and I be very close . lionel as you say : eighteen month . bertie as brother ! lionel how close ? bertie Young buck ... you know . lionel I do not , or I would not ask . do you go after the same girl ? bertie upon occasion . lionel princess Elizabeth ? bertie ( flare ) what a extraordinarily rude thing to say ! ( quickly under control ) David do try to be she beau at one point . before I meet she . she would not have he . ( more ) tks / seidler/09/17/08 45 . bertie ( cont 'd ) not like my father ... he and he brother , when they be young , keep a girl in St John 's Wood and share she on alternate night . a uncomfortable silence . too much have be say . lionel now dope the other wing . do David tease you ? bertie they all do . " buh -buh -buh - bertie " . Father encourage it . " spit it out , boy ! " think it would make I stop . be this necessary ?! lionel otherwise the paint will eat through the tissue . bertie I mean the damn question ! lionel mandatory . tell I more about you storybook childhood . what be you earliest memory ? bertie you ask that before . lionel this time I would like a answer . bertie be bear . lionel how can you remember that ? bertie December 14th . lionel I do not understand . bertie " mausoleum Day " . Prince Albert depart on that date . I be name bertie to placate great grandmamma Victoria . in return , she hate I because it remind she of she grief . ( stutter grow in intensity ) ( more ) tks / seidler/09/17/08 46 . bertie ( cont 'd ) let 's stick to medical history please . I be naturally leave hand , which be consider inappropriate . lionel and ? bertie I be punish . now I be right hand . lionel anything else ? bertie bandy leg . also consider inappropriate . lionel wait . bertie ( cont 'd ) Metal splint be make ... wear night and day ... very painful . now I have straight leg . this be so ... tawdry ! I need you service as a speech therapist , not Grand inquisitor . be you available ? or will it be : " myrtle say no ? " lionel you sound angry . bertie yes , I tell you , I have a temper . lionel angry at I , or at you brother ? bertie remain stubbornly silent . then blurt : bertie he 's fall in love ! lionel how dreadful . bertie with the wrong sort of woman ! lionel what 's wrong with she ? bertie she 's american . lionel some of they must be lovable . tks / seidler/09/17/08 47 . bertie this one 's divorced . twice . Mrs wallis Simpson of Baltimore . I want David to be happy , but the family , the Church , the nation , will not have it . lionel can not they fornicate privately like adult ? bertie if only ! David use to prefer marry woman because there be no possible attachment . but now ... lionel " Queen wallis of Baltimore " ? bertie please . lionel do sound a bit iffy . bertie I make a smudge ! lionel touch it up . bertie you want I to beg for help ? lionel I advise you never to beg . especially if you might be King . bertie do not say that ! lionel I see . for reason you cannot disclose , fear ramification you will not explain , you feel sufficiently anxious to embark upon a course of therapy in which you have no faith ? you already owe I a shilling . bertie take a coin out of he pocket , hesitates , then offer it to logue . bertie I bring it along . you win , fair and square . I will pay you generously . lionel pocket the coin . tks / seidler/09/17/08 48. lionel I will continue to ask question . bertie that 's what I be afraid of . lionel ( admire the plane ) Nice job . bertie see lionel glance at he watch . bertie you have someone wait ? lionel I do now . bertie I would apologize to they in person , but ... lionel you do not wish to be see ? slip out the back way . bertie after the funeral ... it may be even more difficult . to remain unobserve . lionel you be have second thought . bertie 's silence be confirmation . lionel ( cont 'd ) I ask too many question ? bertie perhaps the wrong sort . lionel ( write a address ) we live in South kensington , small apartment , but no one would see you . ( add incentive ) lot of plane . bertie you know , lionel , you be the first ordinary englishman ... lionel Australian . tks / seidler/09/17/08 49 . bertie ... I have ever really talk to . sometimes , when I ride through the street and see a `bloke ' I be strike by how little I know of he life , and how little he know of mine . cut both way . as bertie be about to leave , lionel request casually : lionel and if you decide to come , bring the duchess . she might be helpful . bertie she might . if I ask . very nicely . ( at back door ) and how will myrtle take to we come into you home ? lionel not sure . she be not speak to I . ( pause ) want to go home . ( pause ) after the funeral then ? bertie do not answer . exit . logue be leave hold the plane . he go to the wait room door . lionel ( cont 'd ) how're you do , Willie ? willie' mum ( speak for she son ) still can not say a sentence . lionel Willie ? willie iiiiiii be much bbbbbbbetter . lionel well do . a drum roll be hear . thrum . another ... thrum ! thrum ! 45 ext . ST . george' chapel , windsor castle - new day 45 funereal bagpipe wail , join the measure drum-rolls . tks / seidler/09/17/08 50 . on the balcony of the Castle , decorate with black bunt , be a huge BBC microphone , and array in front of it a row of uniform dignitary wear Naval hat of the napoleonic Wars , replete with ostrich feather . one of the dignitary read a declaration : dignitary whereas it have pleased almighty God to call to his mercy we late sovereign , King George the fifth of bless and glorious memory ... during this , intercut to the reverse angle , show a massive military parade , mainly navy personnel , wend its way through the main street of Windsor towards the Castle , accompany a gun carriage on which ride the King 's coffin , drape with the Royal standard , on which rest the Royal Crown top by a maltese Cross . David be see - very serious . dignitary ( cont 'd ) ... that the High and mighty Prince Edward Albert Christian George Andrew Patrick David be now become we only lawful King . canon be fire . startle by the salute , a large flock of blackbird rise up and streak across the wintery sky . a murmur , then a shocked gasp , as the gun carriage transverse a tram track and tilt precipitously . suddenly the Royal Crown tumble and fall , knock off the maltese Cross . cosmo lang ( o.c . ) oh bloody Hell ! winston churchill ( o.c . ) a bad omen , you Grace ? the archbishop and churchill be watch the event from the shadow at one end of the balcony . below - a scramble to restore the Cross to the Crown , and replace both atop the coffin . cosmo lang do not be disingenuous . for we late King 's crown to fall from he coffin be not a fortuitous portent . what ever be go to happen next ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 51 . winston churchill be that be the motto of the new reign ? indeed , will there actually be " a new reign " ? cosmo lang Winston ! I be deeply shocked . winston churchill you do not look it . cosmo lang my function require I to appear serene . winston churchill that may be increasingly difficult to maintain . I have be inform by no less a authority than the Prime Minister that we populace have no objection to Royal fornication , but will never tolerate adultery . cosmo lang well , since we cannot acquire a new populace , perhaps we need a new King ? winston churchill my turn to be profoundly shocked . neither look the slight traumatize . cosmo lang scoff , churchill ! go on ... scoff ! but you more than other know full well we will soon be under siege from the force of darkness . winston churchill the wind of war ... a gather storm ? cosmo lang oh , you do have a way with word . and who would you suggest to rally the troops , the nation , the Empire , the world ? intercut to bertie in the funeral cortege , look frail and pale . cosmo lang ( cont 'd ) a man who can not speak ? in Nuremberg stadium , herr Hitler mesmerize million , whilst the Duke of York can not successfully order fish and chip . tks / seidler/09/17/08 52. winston churchill would you prefer the next brother ? intercut to Henry , the Duke of gloucester . winston churchill ( cont 'd ) a bi-sexual former drug addict ? the unwash moralistic populace will adore that ! cosmo lang the youngest , perhaps ? intercut to George , the Duke of Kent . winston churchill now there 's dimness . cosmo lang I must admit ... unburdene with brain . winston churchill thus we be leave with David , the rightful heir , who speak beautifully , even if he talk nonsense . below , the coffin be enter the Chapel . winston churchill ( cont 'd ) come , let we bury one king , before we attempt to bring another to he knee . they exit . 46 ext . buckingham palace - new day 46 re-establish shot . the Royal standard fly bravely . 47 int . conference room , buckingham palace - continuous 47 bertie wait at a table with a group of immaculately attire courtier and dignitary . this be the coronation Committee . the chair at the head of the table be empty , everyone wait for its occupant . he finally arrive . David . he gesture for bertie to come into the corridor , but deliberately leave the door open so the committee can hear snatch of bertie 's ensue humiliation . tks / seidler/09/17/08 53. 48 int . corridor , buckingham palace - continuous 48 David have a habit of constantly finger he tie . david hear you be take elocution lesson , lad . bertie pardon ? david diction . speechify . that 's the word around town . bertie merely try to overcome my dreadful impediment ... david ( over -ride ) I be the brother who speak . or do you wish to have a go ? bertie good lord no ! I hope to ... david replace I ? well ... today 's you chance . he thrust a document into bertie 's hand , then poke he head into the conference room . david ( cont 'd ) my brother will read the coronation plan . bertie ( whisper urgently ) I be not prepare ! david ( whisper back ) as a Boy scout ... and you be one , be not you , very much a Boy scout ... you must always be prepare . Nice and loud , so everyone can hear . bertie look at the page , he throat constrict , he chest tighten and he hand begin to shake . bertie I ...i ... I thu - thu-think we should tuh-tuh - table the document . he attempt to return it to David , but he brother will not accept . tks / seidler/09/17/08 54 . david tell the other how Mrs Simpson be to be accommodate in a special alcove above the altar . now I will be off . see you at balmoral this weekend , buh-buh -bertie . in the room , they be appal . bertie stand freeze and shattered . 49 int / ext . austin princess on south kensington STREET - new day49 the lion rampant flutter on the bonnet of the Austin . Inside , bertie , wear a black armband , gesture for the driver to stop . pull he homburg over he brow , bertie wrap he scarf around the lower portion of he face . then catch he reflection in the rearview mirror . tell he driver : bertie wait down the road . 50 ext . south kensington STREET - continuous 50 not want to draw attention to he destination , bertie have disembarked several building away from logue 's address . he make he way hurriedly . wack . a soccer football hit he on the back . he wheel around . the group of local lad look at he unabash . local lad kick it `ere , aye , guv ? bertie kick it . a fine high shot . local lad ( cont 'd ) Nice one . they go back to they game . bertie ring logue 's bell . a brief pause . bertie glance nervously , hope not to be recognize . lionel open the door . lionel to be honest , be not sure whether to expect you . bertie I be not sure either . tks / seidler/09/17/08 55 . lionel something happen ? bertie stare at he mentor . nod . bertie ( as they enter , refer to he hat and scarf ) do I look like a spy ? lionel with a toothache . they disappear inside . 51 int . stairwell , logue' flat - continuous 51 bertie have to pick he way through discard toy and sport equipment , explain to logue : bertie I be totally unable to speak . lionel you seldom stutter with I anymore . ( refer to the mess ) the boy be a bit untidy . bertie because you be pay to listen ! lionel like a verbal geisha girl ? 52 int . live area , logue' flat - continuous 52 bertie look around the cluttere , but pleasant room : comfortable furniture a bit batter by the boy , antimacassar to hide the wear spot on the arm , family photo everywhere , well - use turkish rug on the floor . lionel Home . bertie what more do a man need , eh ? lionel stare , unsure if he 's be patronize . lionel come from a man who 's live all he life in castle and palace . tks / seidler/09/17/08 56 . bertie somebody have to live in they . lionel somebody do . usher bertie into he study . 53 int . logue' study - new day 53 bertie stand shattered , lose in he painful memory . bertie I could not say anything ! lionel you could have refuse . do not you know any rude word ? bertie what a bloody stupid question ! I just say one . bloody . bloodybloodybloody ! lionel perhaps a touch more vulgar ? bertie certainly not . lionel to prove you know how . bertie bugger ! lionel a public school prig could do better . bertie well bloody bugger to you , you beastly bastard ! lionel hardly robust . bertie shit then . shit , shit , shit ! lionel see how defecation flow trippingly from the tongue ? you do not stutter when you swear . tks / seidler/09/17/08 57 . bertie because I be angry ! lionel get angry more often . do you know the f- word ? bertie fornication ? lionel oh bertie ... bertie fuck . fuck , fuck , fuck ! lionel bravissimo ! now a resounding chorus of ... bertie bloody , bloody . bloody ! shit , shit , shit ! bugger , bugger , bugger ! fuck , fuck , fuck ! a pound on the wall . myrtle ( o.s. ) we have child ...! bertie ( whisper ) this be you fault ! lionel sorry , pet ! wo not happen again ! myrtle ( o.s. ) I should hope not ! bertie apology , Mrs. logue . lionel first time I have hear you laugh . bertie royal be not allow emotion in public . lionel which explain a lot . bertie be in no mood to be provoke . tks / seidler/09/17/08 58. bertie what do you want I to do , dammit !? stage my next public appearance as a obscene operetta ?! lionel you next public appearance should be very well rehearse . without think , lionel instinctively reach out to pat bertie supportively on the shoulder . bertie pull back in offended shock . all the warning signal instill in he be go off . bertie do not take liberty ! you be a dangerous man , logue . who send you ? lionel anyone in mind ? bertie the lurking shadow . courtier and peer ... the whole panoply of a class which once rule the nation which once rule the world , afraid of lose they last vestige of privilege if the monarchy be further debase . lionel you wife be the one who seek I out . bertie because , dear sweet delude woman , she believe in I ! lionel but you do not share she belief ? why come here ? bertie I be beginning to ask myself that very same question . you sailing close to the edge , do not push I , Doctor logue . lionel lionel . bertie I come here because I be teach from childhood to serve a purpose , and that purpose be to serve . duty be we sole justification for privilege . ( more ) tks / seidler/09/17/08 59 . bertie ( cont 'd ) I come here because I be under the illusion you might help I perform that function ! lionel not to worry . they say the King can do no wrong . bertie he can bugger thing up ! and I be not the king. Mrs. Simpson be seek a divorce . the coronation be set for the 12th of May . her decree become final on the 27th of April . that give they two week to marry and put this issue to rest . lionel and if Mr baldwin stop they ? bertie that would be a tragedy . I pray to the almighty they succeed . I will do anything within my power to keep my brother on the throne . lionel do that include debase yourself ? bertie if necessary ! lionel you brother know perfectly well by give you a document without warning ... bertie be you say he want I to fail ? lionel be you insist he do not ? in the future we can parse any document into manageable phrase . you can sing they , swear they , rehearse they till you get the rhythm and flow ; that , combine with you grow confidence ... bertie do not want to hear . bertie grow confidence ? grow dread !!! you be a wick man , lionel logue , try to get I to thrust myself forward as a alternative to my brother . try to get I to commit treason ! tks / seidler/09/17/08 60 . lionel try to get you to realize you need not be govern by fear . again , why do you seek I out ? to take polite elocution lesson so you could attend posh tea party ?! bertie how dare you ! I be the brother of a King ... the son of a King ... back through untold century . you presume to instruct I on my duty ? a jump - up jackeroo from the outback ? the disappoint son of a embitter clerk ! you be a monster , Doctor logue . I be go to balmoral to spend a pleasant country weekend with my beloved brother . and this session be over ! 54 int . stage of SMALL regional theatre - new day 54 close curtain . someone fumble behind it . lionel ( behind curtain ) now ? lionel push he way through the gap in the curtain . a provincial director reply from a seat in the auditorium . ( not the same director as in the earlier audition scene . ) director be you tell ? we be not for London . play the province . lionel Outer Mongolia ? director available , be we ? lionel nothing prevent . director I believe that 's call " desperate for a part ! " previous experience ? lionel Australia . director you have play the province . righto ! let 's hear what you can do . tks / seidler/09/17/08 61 . lionel caliban ? director make he deform . audience like that . lionel of course . ( rally himself ) " be not afeard ; the isle be full of noise , sound and sweet air , that give delight , and hurt not . " as magical as lionel be when he perform for he boy , here he 's stiff and painfully stilted . lionel ( cont 'd ) " sometimes a thousand twanging instrument will hum about mine ear ; and sometimes voice ... " director ( interrupt ) thank you ! do not abandon you day job . next ! logue bow he head . 55 int . logue' dine room - night 55 lionel enter and sit dejectedly at the table . myrtle and the boy eat in silence . finally : lionel you may leave . valentine have not finish yet , dad . ( realize ) oh ! right ! the boy thanks , dad . thanks , mum . they exit . myrtle know something have happen . myrtle lionel ? lionel take five slim folder out of he jacket pocket and put they on the table in front of myrtle . she study they , stunne . tks / seidler/09/17/08 62. myrtle ( cont 'd ) ticket ? Home ? lionel first class . a long pause as myrtle digest this . myrtle what about you ... lionel Willie 's a problem ... not much progress . the other have be refer . myrtle what will you do when we get home ? lionel try not to act the toff . teach perhaps . myrtle you could ... lionel no ! I be not good enough ! myrtle you give it a try , lionel . lionel yes , I have a go . thanks to you patience . ( grief overwhelm he ) I just bloody well be not good enough ! myrtle ( study the ticket ) oh lionel ! this must have cost you . chop ! chop ! chop ! the sound of a axe . 56 ext . ground and terrace , balmoral - new day 56 a woodsman 's axe chop into the thick trunk of a massive tree . nearby , a bulldozer cut into the green turf and rich soil . the fell and earth removal be be watch by churchill and lang from a distant terrace . in the background a jazz band in white tuxedo syncopate pertly . tks / seidler/09/17/08 63. winston churchill five hundred year old oak ! part of the hill ! remove to improve the view ! cosmo lang how ever do she do it ? Inside the ballroom , seem through open french door , a afternoon dance be be hold . churchill and lang look in . 57 int . ballroom , balmoral - continuous 57 at the epicenter , a dash couple : David , the very picture of insouciance , and cling to he arm , drip in jewelry , a rather small , angular , dark haire woman , with a high brow and square jaw - mrs wallis simpson . her most attractive physical feature be she back , display fully by a dress that plunge to she nate . surrounded by they entourage , they be the apex of chic . watch from the sideline : winston churchill erotic sexual technique beyond polite imagination ? I realize of course , that may be outside you personal experience . Winston exchange he empty champagne flute for a full one from the tray of a pass footman . cosmo lang you have the Devil in you today . winston churchill if anyone should know , it would be you Grace . cosmo lang all aspect of mankind be within my venue . do you know , hm have trouble with he gland ? churchill almost choke on he champagne . winston churchill I would not appreciate you Grace be so well verse concern thing testicular ! cosmo lang they be severely damage by the measle when hm and he brother be naval cadet . tks / seidler/09/17/08 64 . winston churchill a veritable encyclopedic font of scatological information . cosmo lang apparently it affect the quality , although not the quantity , of hm 's endeavor . winston churchill and the brother ? cosmo lang unscathed . two daughter . I shepherd my flock in all matter , Winston , include multiplication . they make they way inside . in the distance a Austin princess can be see make its way up the stately tree-line avenue . 58 int . austin princess , balmoral estate - continuous 58 bertie and Elizabeth be dress for the party . bertie we must try to be pleasant . elizabeth you father not dead six month , and that woman throw , " a garden potty . " p-o-t-t-y. she 's sleep in you mother 's bedroom . and I know perfectly well she call I `the dowdy duchess " , and " Cookie " . 59 int . ballroom , balmoral - day 59 at the buffet table churchill help himself copiously . winston churchill have it occur to you , as it have only occur to I , that a monarch with a gland problem , who realize he cannot produce issue , might not wish to be King ...? know he lack of issue may well become a major issue indeed . cosmo lang a dazzle concept ... beautifully phrase . a footman announce : tks / seidler/09/17/08 65 . footman they Royal highness the Duke and duchess of York . wallis sweep forward to greet they , but Elizabeth sail past , announce to no one in particular : elizabeth I come at the invitation of the King . David turn and bow formally . Elizabeth cursty in return . wallis quickly return to David , take he forcefully onto the dance floor . the york go in the other direction . to the side , churchill and lang watch David and wallis do a brisk Turkey trot . winston churchill accord to the f.b.i .... she be , after all , one of they citizen ...our monarch do not possess exclusive rights to Mrs. Simpson 's sexual favour . Hitler 's ambassador , Count von ribbentrop , have be send she 17 carnation every day ... one for each time they have sleep together . cosmo lang good Lord , Winston , we must see to it this Empress of the night do not become Queen of England ! winston churchill vividly put . churchill have spot Elizabeth in a side room . winston churchill ( cont 'd ) allow I to test new water . 60 int . portrait gallery , balmoral - continuous 60 churchill make he way to Elizabeth , who be stand in front of a portrait of George iv . elizabeth I do not need to be tell I behave badly . winston churchill on the contrary , Mam . Court etiquette decree royalty must be greet by the official host . in this case : the King . you behave impeccably . as always . ( more ) tks / seidler/09/17/08 66 . winston churchill ( cont 'd ) ( refer to the painting ) a relative ? elizabeth distant . winston churchill ( refer again to the painting ) you be well aware , of course , George iv 's wife , Mrs. fitzherbert , be very common indeed ... and previously marry . she sign a agreement that she could never become Queen , and they child could not be Royal . a rather sensible morganatic arrangement . elizabeth that be a very long time ago . you be stir with a rather large spoon , Winston . keep in mind , I be also a distant relative of Lady macbeth . winston churchill I would disremember at my peril . David be come briskly down the corridor , struggle to open a champagne bottle , follow by bertie determine to catch up . Elizabeth and churchill leave the brother alone . bertie David ... david wally want more champagne . I have to fetch it . she prefer that . bertie be try to see you ... david be terribly busy . bertie do what ? david be King . tks / seidler/09/17/08 67 . bertie where do you get that american accent ? David ... Father 's not dead six month , yet you have put Mrs. Simpson in the suite use by we mother ? david mama 's not still in bed , be she ? bertie that be not funny . david ssssssorry , d-d -dear b-b-oy ! bertie please . no more of that . a moment of silent confrontation . David back down . sort of . david do not realize you care . bertie this could end in disaster . david this will end splendidly . with wallis as my wife . bertie whatever will she call herself ? david Queen of England , I suspect . king do marry . Empress of India . the whole bag of trick . bertie David ! the upper class be terrify anything which cloud the monarchy make they situation more dangerous . Hunger marcher be sing the " Red flag " in front of westminster ... demand a republic ... I have see they ... david herr Hitler will sort that out . bertie who will sort out chancellor Hitler ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 68. david he 's much malign . by the Jews , accord to wallis . and she 's very clever about politics . bertie the man 's a monster ! we position must remain clear . david why 's that , old chap ? bertie we be a german family ! david do not bother anyone during wwi . and kaiser Willie be we uncle . bertie because we take a English name ! Windsor . because we be England . we be the heart and soul of this nation . that must never change . david be you already in charge ? bertie I be try to warn you . david be I be threaten ? bertie David , you role be to consult and to be advise . david sound like you have study we wretch constitution . bertie sound like you have not . david I will not be a lackey to a unwash politician like stanley baldwin ! bertie he 's you Prime Minister . david and I be he King ! tks / seidler/09/17/08 69 . bertie if you refuse to listen to we government , they have no choice but to resign . david I will form another . there 's Winston . he would love to be p.m. we will create a King 's Party . bertie to fight a general election in which you marriage be the only topic ? david I would risk anything and everything for wallis . do not I have rights ? bertie privileges . david not the same thing . bertie no . david yet a ordinary man may marry for love . bertie we be not ordinary man , David ! we be breed to be profile on a coin . if you be ordinary , on what basis could you possibly claim to be King ?! david what 's the point then ? just to look posh ? you know ... you speech be much improve tonight . hardly a hesitation . yearning for a larger audience , be we ? bertie do not say such a thing ! david be my young brother try to push I off the throne ? sound positively medieval . bertie I beg of you , do not do this to my wife , my daughter , to I . tks / seidler/09/17/08 70 . david the politician will give in . see you at my coronation ... bertie . the champagne cork finally pop . he stride off . 61 ext . 10 downing STREET - new day 61 establish shot of the Prime Minister 's residence . winston churchill ( o.s. ) Nice of you to invite I to you dig , stanley . 62 int . baldwin' study , 10 downing STREET - day 62 baldwin and churchill be alone together . no love lose between this two man . baldwin as you may have guess ... churchill be silent . balwin wait , then : baldwin ( cont 'd ) ... I intend to resign . the Royal scandal have weaken my position considerably . churchill , on the edge of he seat , can not suppress a anticipatory grin . baldwin take pleasure in deflate it . baldwin ( cont 'd ) no need to volunteer you service , Winston . neville Chamberlain will take my place , once this Royal matter be settle . as chancellor of the exchequer he already life next door . winston churchill my opportunity to redecorate will come soon enough , stanley . baldwin will it ? well , enough chit-chat . the question of a morganatic marriage , as a possible solution , have be put to the Dominion Prime minister . after all , hm be they King too . baldwin have a sheath of telegram in hand . tks / seidler/09/17/08 71 . baldwin ( cont 'd ) Australia : no . winston churchill David feel there be not that many people in Australia . baldwin Canada : no. Union of South Africa : a inappropriate marriage would create a permanent wound . the irish free State : state it be not really they affair , and , bluntly , we English King may marry any whore he want , they will be well out of it . winston churchill bloody irish . baldwin New Zealand ... waver . winston churchill ah , the kiwis ! baldwin be rather remote , they have not even hear of Mrs Simpson . hardly a win hand . silence . baldwin ( cont 'd ) this be not about true love , Winston . this be about who 's in charge . do the King do what he want , or what he people want he to do ? do the King own he nation , or do the nation own they monarch ? winston churchill he will not budge . baldwin nor will we . 63 int . playroom , york house - night 63 Winston churchill be incongruously inspect a rock horse . unable to resist , he sit on it gingerly , rock back and forth lose in a reverie . eye close he extend he right arm as though hold a cavalry saber . bertie enter startling he . bertie do not dismount . tks / seidler/09/17/08 72 . winston churchill good of you to see I at this late hour . bertie think you be in David 's camp ? winston churchill I be . ( take a piece of paper from he pocket and read ) " I be now free to tell you how I be jockey out of the throne . " bertie good Lord ! my brother write that ? winston churchill wallis write it for he . I will burn it . I fear you brother be like the child in a fairy story , give everything in the world , but they forget he soul . quite happy to bring he nation to the brink of civil war just as we face global conflict . bertie we be not come to that ?! winston churchill oh , there will be war , alright . ( take out another piece of paper ) you brother hold conversation with the Duke of saxe - coburg , you cousin , a rank member of the Nazi party . I have the Scotland yard intercept : " who be King here ? baldwin or I ? I myself wish to talk with Hitler , and will do so here or in Germany . " I doubt England be ready to return to absolute monarchy . bertie surely he motive be misunderstand ? winston churchill " if I do not get my way , when the war come , Hitler will crush everyone , include the Americans . the british may not want I as they King , but I will soon be back as they leader . " his intent seem crystal clear . bertie Winston ?! do not take he seriously ! tks / seidler/09/17/08 73. winston churchill mug for he cancel coronation will soon be on clearance sale . bertie you be willing to go along with this ?! change horse in mid-stream be a perilous maneuver !!! winston churchill depend how badly the horse you be on stumble . bertie it 's not too late , Winston , you could form a government on he behalf . winston churchill I must decline . reluctantly . the rock horse crack . churchill get to he foot . winston churchill ( cont 'd ) sorry . ( start to exit , then ) I have write a new speech for he . bertie I do not want to hear it ! ever ! winston churchill it do have a rather nice turn of phrase . 64 ext . montage of british street - day 64 it be December 11th , 1936 . if practical use the actual record broadcast ( truncate ) . in London , Birmingham , Edinburgh , country hamlet and cathedral town ... the street be desert . straggler hurry indoors to be near : the glowing dial of a radio david ( v.o. radio filter ) at long last I be able to say a few word of my own . until now it have not be constitutionally possible for I to speak . a few hour ago I discharge my last duty as King and Emperor . tks / seidler/09/17/08 74 . 65 int . playroom , york house - continuous 65 bertie and Elizabeth listen to the radio with the two princess royal sit at they parent ' foot . bertie battle he emotion . david ( v.o. radio filter ) now that I have be succeed by my brother , the Duke of York , my first word must be to declare my allegiance to he . margaret rose ( whisper ) daddy , who break we rock horse ? bertie ( whisper ) a giant . Elizabeth hold a finger to she lip : shush . david ( v.o. radio filter ) this have be make less difficult to I by the sure knowledge that my brother have one matchless bless , enjoy by so many of you , and not bestow on I -- a happy home with he wife and child . 66 int . logue' parlour - night 66 the glow of a radio dial . lionel and myrtle sit in armchair , the radio on a side - table between they . david ( v.o. radio filter ) I have find it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duty as King as I would wish to do without the help and support of the woman I love . lionel get up to turn it off as David 's voice conclude : david ( v.o. radio filter ) ( cont 'd ) we all have a new King . I wish he and you , he people , happiness and prosperity with all my heart . God bless you all ! God save the King ! logue stroke myrtle 's hair . lionel I too " marry the woman I love . " tks / seidler/09/17/08 75 . myrtle you marry a shop girl . lionel a wonderful lass . someone I can talk to heart to heart . myrtle use simple word and short sentence . I be very ordinary . lionel that 's why we be suite . I be just a ordinary bloke . myrtle ordinary ? you be a man with wild dream , lionel . mine be so very small . a job , a husband , a home . raising we son . that 's all I ever want . lionel I too . myrtle be that why , every day , you have spend hour with a man who 's about to be King ? lionel that relationship be now past tense . myrtle yet , for as long as you could , you do what you want . lionel I want to be a great actor . that 's what I want . myrtle and fail that ... lionel I certainly fail ! myrtle a great healer . always ...' great ' . where do a shop girl fit in ? lionel very snugly , into my heart ! always have , always will . tks / seidler/09/17/08 76 . myrtle trouble be , lionel , when you say that , I still believe it . 67 int . inner courtyard , york house - day 67 the Royal standard on a gleam car 's bonnet . bertie stand uneasily in the uniform of a Admiral of the fleet as the driver open the door . bertie realize its a roll . bertie where 's the Austin ? driver the Palace change it , you highness . bertie I like the Austin . driver so do I , sir . the two girl wave from they open playroom window , and call : margaret rose you look like a chicken . lilibet a rooster . he wave , and get in . 68 ext . ST . jame palace - that day 68 a formal voice announce : master of the council ( o.s. ) his majesty will address the accession Council and take he oath . 69 int . antechamber , accession council - continuous 69 bertie look at himself in a full length mirror , make last minute adjustment to he uniform . stare at he reflection : bertie how do this happen to you ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 77 . 70 int . accession council chamber - continuous 70 bertie walk to the podium like a man to the gallow face with a array of the privy councillor , member of the House of lord , the Lord Mayor of the City of London , the aldermen of the City of London and the High commissioner of the commonwealth country . all the old symptom reappear : the tightening of the neck muscle , the protrude Adam 's apple , the jaw lock . bertie my lord , member of the accession Council , I meet you today in circumstance which be without parallel in the history of we country ... its go to be a terrible performance . he bow he head in humility . and shame . 71 int . playroom , york house - that day 71 Elizabeth be play quietly with she daughter when the door open and bertie appear , still in full regalia , straight from the accession Council . he hold he arm out , expect they to run to he for a hug and kiss , he solace after the ordeal . they remain where they be . bertie daddy 's home . they curtsy formally . lilibet &amp ; margaret rose you majesty . bertie be devastate . Elizabeth take he quickly out into the corridor . 72 int . bertie' study , york house - day 72 bertie I do not want to lose you . elizabeth how could you possibly ? bertie be what we both dread most . tks / seidler/09/17/08 78 . elizabeth dear , dear , man , I refuse you first two marriage proposal because , as much as I love you , I could not abide the think of live in the Royal gild cage . then I realize ... you stutter so beautifully ... they would leave you alone . she take he face in she hand tenderly . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) if I must be Queen , I will be a good Queen . the wife of a very great King indeed . ( then ) you know what you must do . 73 int . logue' consultation room &amp ; waiting room - new day 73 logue be work with Anna . she 's read smoothly and with great intensity . anna " have I the heaven ' embroider cloth enwrought with golden and silver light , the bbb ... " get stick . lionel we have not much more time together . give it a go . the doorbell ring . logue be annoyed . lionel ( cont 'd ) there be not any more appointment today . the bell ring again . he yell : lionel ( cont 'd ) piss off ! ( gently ) Anna ? anna " the blue and the dim and the dark cloth of night and light and the half - light ... " the door open and bertie enter the wait area . hear Anna he stop outside the consultation room and listen . tks / seidler/09/17/08 79 . anna ( cont 'd ) " I would spread the cloth under you foot , but I , be poor , have only my dream . I have spread my dream under you foot ; tread softly because you tread on my dream . " silence . lionel ( softly ) read it to he . if he do not profess he love , he 's not a man . Anna nod earnestly . anna thank you ... lionel . she exit via the wait room and almost run into bertie . on recognize he , she bob she head . bertie that be lovely . do not take any guff . anna can I tell my harold that 's what you say ? bertie I would be honoure . she dash off . logue come to the door of the wait room , in effect block bertie 's way in . lionel Johnson , be not it ? have you a appointment ? bertie want I to beg ? lionel I tell you , king do not beg . bertie I believe this time a bit of begging might be require . Elizabeth say I must eat humble crow . lionel its " crow " or " humble pie " . take you pick . tks / seidler/09/17/08 80 . bertie ( gather resolve ) I be frighten and take refuge in be ` Royal ' . what I say be unforgivable . and ... lionel and ? bertie ( blurt out ) what 's the one essential thing a King must do ? he must believe he be King . how can I possibly do that ? for pity sake , lionel , I beg you : get I through ! I will pay you another shilling . lionel what be friend for ? logue step aside , let bertie in . bertie I would not know . 74 int . logue bedroom - night 74 the double bed be pile high with clothing , a suitcase at its foot . myrtle be sorting . she hear lionel enter behind she . at first , she do not turn . lionel remain silent . myrtle I have get the boy sorting they thing . you office will be a chore ... realizing something be amiss , she turn , and know instantly what lionel 's go to tell she . her hand go to she mouth to stifle she emotion . 75 int . bertie' study - day 75 bertie be with visitor : churchill and lang . there 's a slight but discernible change in he demeanor . cosmo lang we ask to see you highness because there 's the urgent question of what to call you brother . aside from the obvious . bertie be not pleased with his Grace 's joke , but let it pass . tks / seidler/09/17/08 81. bertie what do you suggest ? cosmo lang Mr. Edward Windsor ? all he deserve . bertie what have my brother give up on he abdication , other than the throne ? they look at each other , unsure . bertie ( cont 'd ) would not it be a good idea to find out before come to I ? he cannot be mister , as he be bear the son of a Duke . which make he a Lord at the very least . winston churchill very well , Lord e.w. it be . bertie and as a Lord of the realm , he 's entitle to be elect to the House of commons . head a King 's Party . cosmo lang unacceptable ! bertie so you prefer he take a seat in the House of lord ? again , on behalf of a King 's Party ? be that acceptable ? winston churchill certainly not . bertie but if he 's make a Royal Duke , and call his Royal highness , he cannot stand for parliament . nor may he speak or vote in the House of lord . cosmo lang ( realize ) oh I say ... bertie the Duke of Windsor it be . gentlemen . he exit abruptly . churchill and lang gather they thing stunne . tks / seidler/09/17/08 82. winston churchill not exactly a dummy , be he ? 76 ext . facade of d.henry lot . leathergood , knightsbridge - day 76 myrtle be in the shop window , arrange handbags , luggage , and briefcase . 77 int . d.henry lot . - continuous 77 in the store myrtle can be see dress the window , while in he glass office the owner , a portly bald gentleman with a dickensian air , be deep in concerned conversation with a man in trench - coat . the owner keep glance worriedly in myrtle 's direction . the two man nod , shake hand . the fellow in the trench - coat leave . the owner beckon another shop -girl over and whisper something to she . she head towards myrtle . bertie ( o. S. ) " let 's go gather hearty heather with the gay brigade of grand dragon . " 78 int . logue' study and parlour - day 78 a wall divide the study from the live area , allow the action in both space to be view . in the parlour : Elizabeth wait , ill at ease . in the study : lionel splendid . here 's another . " she sifted seven thick -stalk thistles through strong thick sieve . " at home , twenty - five time , in rapid succession . bertie that be my hardest sound . lionel give he a look . bertie ( cont 'd ) oh . lionel shall we invite you wife in now ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 83. logue go to the door and start to open it . he shut it quickly . lionel ( cont 'd ) I be not expect myrtle for several hour ! in the parlour : myrtle have enter , definitely unhappy . see Elizabeth , she 's even less happy , and flabbergasted . myrtle milady ? elizabeth " you majesty " , the first time . after that , " ma 'am " . not malm as in Palm , Mam as in ham . I be inform you husband call my husband bertie and my husband call you husband lionel . I trust , however , you will not attempt to call I Liz . in the study : lionel stand listen , ear to the door . bertie how're they get on ? lionel as to be expect . in the parlour : myrtle announce : myrtle you may call I " madam logue " . myrtle 's at a loss know what to do with a duchess . myrtle ( cont 'd ) May I offer you a cup of tea , ma'am ? elizabeth thank you , Madame logue , but I be wait to be summon . silence . myrtle you do not like my husband . that 's what I be tell . elizabeth I be tell the same . in the study : tks / seidler/09/17/08 84 . bertie do we remain in hide ? lionel I be not go out there ! in the parlour : myrtle what do you dislike about my lionel ? elizabeth I do not wish my husband to be demean . what do not you like about mine ? myrtle I do not want my lionel get hurt . elizabeth there 's only one thing can save he now : success . in the study : the man be grow increasingly nervous . bertie we be be coward . lionel of course . we be sensible man . bertie you should go in . lionel me? you . bertie why I ?! lionel you be the Royal . bertie be a monarchist , I recognize this be you dig . therefore : here you rule . therefore : you go in . urge by bertie , logue open the door . in the parlour : logue enter , pretend total innocence and surprise , follow by bertie , also try to keep the pretense . tks / seidler/09/17/08 85 . lionel oh! hello , Lady Elizabeth ! oh ! hello , myrtle darling ! what a pleasant surprise . myrtle stare at he and take she revenge . myrtle will the york be stay for dinner ? logue and bertie look panic-stricken . Elizabeth come to the rescue . elizabeth a previous engagement . lionel some other time , love . logue usher Elizabeth into the study , give myrtle a nervous little wave . she glare and exit . in the study : lionel ( cont 'd ) glad you have a chance to meet myrtle . bertie stifles a snort . Elizabeth glare at he . lionel ( cont 'd ) ( to Elizabeth ) good of you to come . elizabeth harley Street be far too public . what be my function here ? lionel for I to show you how to pitch in . elizabeth oh dear , I may not be a `pitch in ' type . lionel piece of cake . ( to bertie ) please assume a supine position on the floor . elizabeth what ?! lionel firm support be need . tks / seidler/09/17/08 86 . bertie dutifully lie on the floor . lionel ( cont 'd ) breathe deeply ... expand you chest ... now you stomach ... deep into the diaphragm . splendid . how do you feel ? bertie full of hot air . lionel well on you way to become a qualified political speaker . again ... bertie inhale deeply . lionel ( cont 'd ) ... and hold . now , princess Elizabeth , be so kind as to sit on you husband 's stomach . elizabeth good grief . lionel gently of course . Elizabeth sit gingerly on bertie 's stomach , ask solicitously : elizabeth be you alright , bertie ? bertie nod . lionel now exhale slowly ... down go princess Elizabeth ... inhale slowly ... nothing rush , expand you chest fully , extend the column of air till it hit the diaphragm ... and ... up come princess Elizabeth . exhale ... down go princess Elizabeth ... inhale ... up come princess Elizabeth . you get the idea . do not have to be princess Elizabeth of course , but I think you would prefer you wife to one of the staff . now come the fun part . elizabeth there 's actually more ? bertie spring to he foot while logue open a window . tks / seidler/09/17/08 87 . lionel you will now shout the vowel sound , all five of they , as loudly as possible , each to last no less than 15 second . there 's poor coordination between you larynx and diaphragm . princess Elizabeth , you can be the official timer . elizabeth vowel sound ? shout at a open window ? on a public street ? lionel anyone who can stand at a open window vibrate loudly in full view of the world can learn to give a public speech . elizabeth they can also be consider quite dotty . do not even contemplate it ! bertie sorry , dear , doctor 's order . aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ... ( stop ) she 's right , that two chap be stare at I . elizabeth they be always look at you . lionel ( startle ) you be follow ? elizabeth Royal scrutiny , Doctor , best get use to it . bertie ...aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyy ... ... eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ... ( to Elizabeth ) be you timing this ? iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ... ooooooooooooooooooooooooo ... uuuuuuuuuuu . 79 int . logue' dine room - later 79 the family eat in tense silence tks / seidler/09/17/08 88. valentine May we be excuse ? lionel no . the unhappy meal continue . peter ( mumble ) we do not want to hear you fight . lionel we be not fight . you mother be not talk . myrtle you wish I to speak my mind ? lionel boy , leave . the boy thank you , dad ! thank you , mum ! they exit hurriedly . myrtle lionel ... without warning , I arrive home to find the Queen in my parlour . lionel a duchess , she have not be crown yet . myrtle lionel , do not quibble ! lionel what would you think of she ? myrtle do it matter !? she 's the Queen and he 's the King forgodsake ! what be they do here ?! lionel why would you come home so early ? myrtle lionel ... lionel they come for help . tks / seidler/09/17/08 89 . myrtle what role be you audition for now ? Royal saviour ?! who 's go to help we ?! this will bring we down , lionel . you know it will . lionel when that poor chap first walk into my office , he be a slim , quiet man with tired eye and all the outward symptom of the person upon whom a habitual speech defect have set the sign . you see he today ; once more there be hope . myrtle you be not listen to I ! she get up angrily and start carry dish to the kitchen . he follow she back and forth . lionel myrtle , I love you . myrtle you say that , but you do not listen when I say , in so many way , how desperately I want to go home , how I never , ever , intend to stay here . this be to be a holiday trip to see ` mother England ' , and you turn it into quite something else . what happen , lionel ? we go to wembley Stadium , next thing ... you would cashed in we ticket . he 's silent . myrtle ( cont 'd ) very well , I sha not talk of this ever again . I will , as always , be supportive of you endeavour . lionel myrtle ... I do not deserve a wonderful woman like you . myrtle how right you be . lionel but why would you come home so early ? myrtle lionel ... I be let go . tks / seidler/09/17/08 90 . he 's stunne . myrtle ( cont 'd ) inquiry be make ... Mr falkoff would not say who ... afterwards it be : ` with you hubby treat a personage that high and mighty , you will not be need employment with we , will you , Mrs logue ? ' lionel ( anguish ) why ?! myrtle they be frighten , lionel . of what seem so far above they . I sympathize . I be frighten too . lionel oh , myrtle . my love ... 80 westminster abbey - new day 80 establish shot of this architectural icon . cosmo lang ( o.s. ) Winston , you do read the newspaper ? 81 int . westminster abbey - day 81 a massive cavern of stone statuary and stain glass . the center piece of this particular section be the throne of Edward the confessor . scaffold be in the process of be erect to supply lighting for the coronation . archbishop lang and churchill inspect it with satisfaction . winston churchill only the vulgar one . churchill pour two nip of whiskey into metal cup nested in a hip flask . winston churchill ( cont 'd ) to we new King . cosmo lang let 's sincerely hope . they look at each other in silence . winston churchill be this a `slightly pregnant pause ' ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 91 . cosmo lang they say he be dim . winston churchill demonstrably untrue . cosmo lang they say he have epilepsy . winston churchill patently erroneous . cosmo lang fragile , prone to illness ... winston churchill some correctness in that . cosmo lang ... and will die prematurely . they predict he will be unable to complete the coronation . winston churchill what do you propose ? shorten the ceremony ? or no ceremony at all ? cosmo lang my idea exactly ! winston churchill I believe so . but what we need be a pageant of pomp and pomposity to impress the world . cosmo lang what we need , and what we will get , may be two rather different thing . do you hear he pathetic attempt at the accession Council ? he will never be able to speak in public . winston churchill so , we plonk a tinsel crown on he head and lock he in a closet ? who then will spiritually lead this great nation into war ? who will address the far flung corner of the Empire , rallying all to we defense ? cosmo lang well ... winston churchill the head of we Church ? be that what you have in mind ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 92 . cosmo lang would it be such a calamity ? winston churchill best ask we new King . bertie have enter with logue . lang spin around . cosmo lang you majesty . winston churchill Excuse I , sir , duty call . he exit quickly . cosmo continue nervously as they walk through the Abbey , the archbishop point out the preparation in progress , particularly a booth for broadcaster . bertie be this the scene of the crime ? cosmo lang what a peculiar thing to say . bertie refer to my assault upon the ear of the listener . cosmo lang ah , yes , wireless be indeed a pandora 's box . I have , however , categorically say no to the BBC 's new " radio- with - picture " gadget . imagine , the unwash view we as we blow we nose or scratch we bottom . bertie Radio with picture ?! cosmo lang it be call ... " television " . happily , with a transmission range of only fifteen mile this " tv " thing have no future . we shall , however , be force to permit cinema ; the product of which I shall personally edit . bertie that will keep you busy , remove all my stop and start . cosmo lang unless of course you would prefer a quiet ceremony ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 93. bertie what exactly do you mean ? cosmo lang something ... discreet ... private . we could pre-record a edit version to be broadcast to the world . or even find a actor with a similar voice . logue have arrive and come out of the shadow . lionel a King base upon deception ? cosmo take bertie aside . cosmo lang if you gentleman from Security would give we space , we could discuss this in private . bertie you mean my bodyguard , " crusher ? " give lionel a scathing look , lang continue speak to bertie confidentially . cosmo lang fret not . as I assure we nation in my recent broadcast : " when he people listen to they new monarch they will note a occasional momentary hesitation in he speech . but to that who hear it , it need cause no sort of embarrassment , for it cause none to he who speak . " you see , I have paved the way . but should you wish to avoid further stress ... lionel why not paint he pink and cover he with sequin ? cosmo lang pardon ?! lionel if you wish to call attention to he anxiety . cosmo lang do you bodyguard know to whom he 's speak ? he certainly do not know he place ! tks / seidler/09/17/08 94 . bertie Doctor lionel logue , my speech therapist . cosmo lang therapist ?! I would no idea ! have I know you majesty be seek assistance I would have make my own recommendation . bertie Dr. logue be to be present at the coronation . cosmo lang impossibly to find room . even for a Doctor . lionel just lionel . bertie behind the chair of Edward the confessor . cosmo lang the Royal box !? you family will be seat there . bertie which make it most suitable . cosmo lang perhaps I might be able to add a very small stool . bertie two comfortable chair . one for madam logue . she 's a close friend of my wife . the Queen . cosmo lang I will have someone attend to it . lionel and now , if you do not mind , we need the premise . cosmo lang my dear fellow , this be westminster Abbey ! the Church must make preparation . lionel so must bertie . cosmo lang bertie ?! we do not call the King : " bertie " ! tks / seidler/09/17/08 95 . lionel I do . during waking hour we will need the facility . it will be a close set . no observer . bertie that be my wish , you Grace . lang nod curtly and exit . bertie ( cont 'd ) you have make a dangerous enemy . lionel would not want he as a friend . bertie and do not ever call I bertie in public . a moment of confrontation . lionel know he 's overstep . lionel tell I ... bertie I sense one of you dreadful question on the horizon . lionel do you really want to be King ? bertie knew it ! I have not any choice . lionel you can be a wounded King who stumble through he coronation . or , as the arch of C so archly suggest , no coronation at all . always a choice . bertie what 's this , you wait till westminster Abbey , then ambush I ? lionel I be simply ask question ... which you seem unable to answer . bertie I be a sacrificial lamb be lead to slaughter ! damn you ! tks / seidler/09/17/08 96 . lionel quite possibly . but at least I know what I want . you have not the foggiest . bertie ( explode ) I want to be heard ! his word reverberate through the empty abbey . lionel that 's quite different . let 's get down to work then , shall we ? bertie glare at he . lionel ( cont 'd ) as soon as you and Elizabeth enter the West door , you will be greet with the hymn " I be glad when they Said unto I . " you will not actually be that glad , because they sing it for a great long time . bertie follow logue deep into the bowel of the ` Abbey ' . lionel ( cont 'd ) you will then show yourself to the various side of the Abbey as the archbishop announce four time in a loud voice , " sir , I here present unto you ... " have you decide you name for when you become King ? for when you become a different person ? bertie George . lionel like you father ? bertie like my father . lionel not Albert ? bertie give the current situation ... too germanic . lionel " sir , I here present unto you , GEORGE , you undoubted King ! " tks / seidler/09/17/08 97 . " George , you undoubted King ! " echoe through the Abby . dissolve to : 82 int . a office in westminster abbey - night 82 lang be on the phone . the door be open . while talk he watch the work preparation . on the phone he tell someone : cosmo lang I have make inquiry . 83 int . logue dine room - night 83 logue enter and sit at the table . myrtle serve he . myrtle a bit dry . try to keep it warm . lionel mmm ... kedgeree ! Lovely . myrtle you look do in . lionel I have news for you . you be come to the coronation . myrtle I have news for you . I be not ! lionel you must . myrtle stand in the rain hope for a glimpse ? lionel Royal box . you and i. stun silence , then . myrtle lionel ... I would need a new dress . lionel Rather think you might . Valentine call from the next room : tks / seidler/09/17/08 98 . valentine ( o.s. ) dad ! phone ! for you ! lionel wo not be a sec . he exit . myrtle wait . look at herself , bemuse , reflect in a glass - fronted cabinet . even do a curtsey . 84 int . westminster abbey - that night 84 the last of the preparation crew be be scurry out by lang . he give a final , satisfied , look at the cavernous space , like a director prepare the stage for a final scene . he quote Shakespeare , extremely pleased with himself : cosmo lang " the play 's the thing , wherein I will catch the conscience of a King . " he exit . the camera explore various element : the throne of Edward the confessor . beneath it , a large rough -hewn stone : the Stone of scone . lean against the throne , a huge sword , set there for the next coronation rehearsal . majestic stain glass window of saint , king , and martyr . row of pews , wear with century of use . grave of the mighty : king , poet , and statesman . this Abbey hold the history of a nation . footstep resonate . lionel enter . trip over one of the gravestone . lionel bertie ? blast ! stepped on Lord Byron . bertie ...? light snap on skewer lionel . bertie step into view wear a coat against the night chill of the stone cathedral . bertie this be not a rehearsal , " Doctor " logue . tks / seidler/09/17/08 99 . lionel ah , the Star chamber inquisition . I wonder when that would happen . and I would promise myrtle a new frock . bertie ( barely control ) " just call I lionel " ! never do you call yourself ` Doctor ' . we do that for you . no diploma , no training , no credential . just a great deal of nerve . lionel want to hear my side of the story ? bertie there be not a " your-side - of - the-story " . this be my story . and you have ruin it ! its not just the coronation , terrifying enough , its the radio speech to million afterwards , and the speech after that , and for the rest of my fail miserable life ! lionel ( softly ) wembley Stadium ... bertie you dare remind I ?! lionel I be there . bertie then you know from the start I be hopeless ?! lionel my son , Valentine , ask , " could you help that poor man ? " I reply , " he 's too old for I to manage a complete cure , but I could very nearly do it , I be sure of that . " bertie lying bastard ! lionel I know I could help you . you refuse to believe ? bertie in you ?! tks / seidler/09/17/08 100 . lionel in yourself . bertie who the hell do you think you be ?! lionel a fail actor . bertie actor ? lionel Father want I to be a doctor , but I could not cut flesh . so I work in the mine , recite in pub ... bertie a actor ?! lionel when the war come , by the time I be ready to be ship out , the first casualty be limping home . poor bugger , break in bone and spirit . ` lionel , you be good with you mouth , see if you can help this poor sod . ' the shell - shocked be the saddest . most stutter profoundly . Far worse than you . muscle therapy help somewhat , but I find I have to go deeper , as you might well imagine . bertie I know nothing of that poor man ! lionel I think you do . they have cry out , and the universe have not listen . so they would lose faith in they voice . my job be to make they shout in righteous anger : " I have the right to be hear ! " bertie I suppose that help they , do it ? lionel make inquiry . bertie inquiry have be make ! no credential . lionel but a lot of success . no training be give . ( more ) tks / seidler/09/17/08 101. lionel ( cont 'd ) not in western Australia , not at that time . I simply know what to do . when the war be over I keep be a therapist to earn a live . when the lad be old enough , I think , " alright lionel , you have always want to be a actor , one last go . " I pretend it be we trip home to mother England , the great Australian pilgrimage . bertie to harley Street ?! lionel cashed in we return ticket . I have three month rent . bertie so you set yourself up on harley Street as a actor ? harley Street , do not you know , be for doctor ! lionel the plaque say , `l. logue . speech specialist ' . no mention of a medical degree . no mention of any degree . some of the digger I would help have come to England . they make referral . my practice flourish . my act , however , do not . bertie well enough to deceive I . lionel lock I in the Tower . bertie I would if I could ! lionel what crime ? bertie you have saddle this nation in its moment of peril with a voiceless King . destroy the happiness of my family ... all for the sake of ensnare a star client you know you could not possibly assist ! lionel sit down on the chair of Edward the confessor . lean against it be the great two -hande sword of St. George . bertie ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? get up ! tks / seidler/09/17/08 102. lionel I be tired . bertie you can not sit there ! lionel why not ? it 's a chair . bertie it 's the chair of Edward the confessor ! the throne upon which every King for six and a half century have be crown . lionel it 's fall apart . people have carve they initial into it . need a stone to keep from blow away . bertie that 's the Stone of scone ! the Stone of destiny that be once Jacob 's pillow . lionel you believe such ballock I do not care how many royal backside have sit on it , it 's a building block with handle attach . you be just like I , a actor with tawdry stage prop you choose to believe be real . bertie listen to I ... ! lionel listen to you ?! by what right ? bertie Divine right , if you must ! I be you King !!! lionel noooo you be not ! told I so yourself . Said you do not want it . so why should I listen to a poor stutter bloke who can not put one word after another ? why waste my time listen to you ? bertie because I have a right to be hear ! lionel Heard as what ?! bertie a man ! I have a voice !!! tks / seidler/09/17/08 103. lionel ( quietly ) well then ... you be cure . bertie stop try to squirm off the hook . lionel bertie , you will make a bloody good king . and you know it . bertie stare at he . a familiar voice be hear from the shadow . voice you majesty ? the archbishop of canterbury . cosmo lang you will be relieved to learn I have find a replacement specialist . impeccable credential . there 's a long silence . bertie that will not be necessary . cosmo lang the matter 's already be settle . for you own well - be . bertie what do you say ? cosmo lang you majesty 's function be to consult ... and to be advise . you do not consult , but you have just be advise . bertie now I advise you , so listen carefully . ... in this personal matter I will make my own decision . cosmo lang May I remind you , you do not place the crown upon you own head . bertie and may I remind you , it be my head upon which the crown be place ! tks / seidler/09/17/08 104 . cosmo lang this will end badly . lang turn on he heel . lionel ignore what have just happen . lionel in hushed tone the BBC commentator paint a picture for the world , as you stand at the altar divest of you robe . trumpets echo through the Abbey . the incessant rain clear miraculously as a shaft of sun stream through the stain - glass window catch you golden tunic and bathing you in light like a mediaeval knight . and you be King ! the faint clicking whir of a film projector be hear . 85 int . archbishop of canterbury's screening room - new day 85 on the screen : archive footage of the coronation , capture the pomp and ceremony . cigar smoke rise up . the voice of churchill and lang can be hear . cosmo lang ( o.s. ) I be much move winston churchill ( o.s. ) there be tear in my eye too , you Grace , particularly when I see you and the Dean of westminster cannon into each other . cosmo lang ( o.s. ) that 's be edit . winston churchill ( o.s. ) more tear when we new monarch start towards he throne , only to be bring to a abrupt halt owe to one of the bishop tread on he robe . cosmo lang ( o.s. ) to the world , all go splendidly . winston churchill amidst a vitrine of glitter jewel , bob tiaras , and heaving bosom . the footage freeze momentarily . tks / seidler/09/17/08 105 . cosmo lang ( o.s. ) now , Winston , I have something which will bring tear to you eye . the archive footage continue , but it be not of the coronation . David and wallis visit the fuhrer in Germany : Hitler gallantly kissing Mrs Simpson 's hand while goring and the Duke of Windsor beam ; David give the Nazi salute . freeze frame . the light come on . for once , churchill be speechless . cosmo lang ( cont 'd ) there 's no doubt : David be plan a comeback . and will succeed if we King continue to falter . though bertie miraculously survive the coronation he continue to stumble very badly indeed . soon he must broadcast to the world . Hitler will be listen . David will be listen . stalin and Roosevelt will be listen . everyone will be listen . God help we . bertie ( v.o. ) ( stutter very badly ) " in this grave hour ... " 86 int . logue' consultation room - new day 86 bertie and logue be rehearse . bertie " in this grave hour ... " sorry . lionel try again . bertie " in this grave hour ... " lionel turn the halt into pause , during which you say to yourself , " God save the King " . bertie I say that all the time , but apparently no one 's listen . lionel use the silence . Long pause add solemnity to great occasion . bertie then I be the solemnest king who ever live . lionel , I can not do this ! tks / seidler/09/17/08 106 . logue try to protest , bertie over-ride . bertie ( cont 'd ) if I be to be King ... where be my power ? May I form a government on my own , appoint or dismiss a Prime Minister , choose a ambassador , levy a tax or declare a war ? none of this thing . yet I be the seat of all authority . why ? because the Nation believe when I speak , I speak for they . yet I can not speak ! logue totally ignore the outburst . lionel take it from the top . " in this grave hour ... " bertie ( hesitates , then ) " in this grave hour , p-p-perhap ... " lionel go on ... bertie the letter`p ' be always difficult . lionel get a run start , put the word all together . ` perhaps - the-most-fateful ... ' bertie " in this grave hour ... perhaps - the-most - fateful ... in we history ... " lionel beaut . bertie " ... I send to every household of my people ... both at home and overseas ... " lionel ( sing ) doo-dah , doo-dah . bertie " ... this message ... " lionel ( sing ) five mile long ... tks / seidler/09/17/08 107 . bertie " ... speak with the same depth of feel for each one of you ... as if I be able ... " lionel in you head , now : " bugger , bugger , bugger ! damn , damn , damn ! all that bloody blighter be go to have to listen to I ! " can you dance ? bertie what ? lionel help relax the body . ( go to record player ) waltz ? bertie I prefer pipe . lionel think you might . ( start a bagpipe record of " Scotland the brave " ) dance with I . one , two , one - two - three - four . one , two , one - two - three - four . " for the second time ... " one - two - three - four " ... in the life of most of we ... " one , two , one - two - three - four " ... we be at war . " Three , four . Dancing at arm 's length with logue , bertie repeat : bertie " for the second time ... in the life of most of we ... we be at war . " one-two - three. ( continue on ) " over and over again ... we have try to find a peaceful way ... out of the difference ... between ourselves ... and that who be now we enemy . " bugger , bugger , bugger ! fuck , fuck , fuck ! lionel you will be ready . bertie ( pause ) the shilling you win ... still have it ? lionel of course . tks / seidler/09/17/08 108. bertie hold out he hand , demandingly . somewhat hurt , lionel hand it over . bertie I will return it . bertie leave with the shilling , exite the back way . logue open the wait room door . lionel Willie ! where 's you mum ? willie ( stutter painfully ) she have to work . lionel you have be wait here , alone , all this time ? Willie nod again . then , haltingly : willie I hear the King . lionel do you ? willie he sing . and shout rude word . lionel he do . Willie beam . lionel ( cont 'd ) would you like to sing , dance , and shout rude word ? willie ( no stutter ) I would ! lionel why be I not surprised ? 87 int . king be study , buckingham palace - new night 87 the dread BBC microphone . the room have be transformed into a ad hoc broadcasting studio for this all - important occasion . tks / seidler/09/17/08 109 . the BBC News reader and floor manager be there , along with a small cluster of technician put finish touch to they equipment . floor manager think he will manage ? BBC news reader I have hear he may not even show . the floor manager try to warn he with he eye . bertie have enter with Elizabeth and logue . the reader wish he could sink into the floor . bertie say nothing , but approach the loom microphone , while logue and Elizabeth watch nervously . bertie ` walk up to the bloody thing boldly , stare it square in the eye , man to man . ' BBC news reader ( placate ) if you will be so kind , to let I show you ... bertie I already know . my father teach I . he spread the finger of one hand , touch the apparatus with the little finger , thumb to chin . the reader scurries off and tell the other . BBC news reader his father teach he . I teach he father . bertie ( testing the microphone ) bugger bugger bugger ... bloody bloody bloody ... elizabeth bertie , do make sure that 's not switch on ! lionel you be go to be splendid . and if you be not ? bertie they will bloody well have to listen to I anyway . right ? tks / seidler/09/17/08 110 . lionel bloody right . lang and churchill have enter . Elizabeth force herself to greet they graciously . elizabeth Mr. Prime Minister , you Grace , how kind of you to join we . cosmo lang would not miss this for the world . ( to churchill ) congratulation . neville do not last long , do he ? talk to Hitler . winston churchill my tenure will be short , if the King fail tonight . bertie and logue speak privately . bertie no matter how this turn out , I wish to thank you . for ask such dreadful question . what can I do in recompense ? lionel ( lighty ... yet seriously ) I have always want to be knight . bertie sorry . that would raise too many question . lionel ( pause , then ) understood . bertie take something from he pocket . bertie you shilling . told you I would give it back . lionel keep it for good luck . bertie no , you win this , fair and square . the object be a silver medal . bertie pin it to logue 's jacket . tks / seidler/09/17/08 111. bertie ( cont 'd ) make from the melt coin . design it myself , hope you like it , lionel old friend . May I call you that ? lionel my great honour , bertie . ( then ) one final question . bertie oh dear . lionel do you believe you be King ? a very long pause . bertie almost . the red light on the microphone start to blink . logue join the other . the reader be at a smaller microphone near the ad hoc `broadcast booth . five , four , three , two ... BBC news reader good evening , this be the BBC National and World programme , broadcasting from Buckingham Palace . his majesty , the King . during this , bertie 's hand begin to shake , the page of he speech rattle like dry leave , he throat muscle constrict , the Adam 's apple bulge , he lip tighten ... all the old symptom reappear . several second have elapse since the reader finish . it seem a eternity . Elizabeth grasp the side of she chair with white knuckle . lang 's eye roll heavenward . churchill study the situation , ready to leap into the breach . bertie and logue stare at each other . logue smile , perfectly calm , totally confident in the man he 's work with . his confidence be contagious . bertie take a deep breath and let it out slowly . his hand grow steady , he throat muscle relax ... all the thing he 's practice . tks / seidler/09/17/08 112. 88 int . logue' parlour - night 88 the luminous dial of a wireless . unbearable silence . then : bertie ( v.o. radio filter ) in this grave hour , perhaps the most fateful in we history , I send to every household of my people , both at home and overseas ... this be be listen to by myrtle and the boy . the boy look at they mum . suddenly they explode with cheer as the radio address continue : 89 int . / ext . montage of various location in england and around 89 the world - night or day , depending on location in home , pub ( where we see the man with the rosacea nose ) , club , hotel , board house , factory , mine , prison , a shearing shed in New Zealand , cattle station in Australia , site in India , South Africa , loci around the commonwealth and Empire . China . Japan . the kremlin . the White House . Hitler 's mountain top wolf de . the South of France ( where David and wallis listen dolefully . ) during this , the address continue , with dramatic pause to be sure , but no real hesitation . bertie ( v.o. on radio ) ... this message speak with the same depth of feel for each one of you as if I be able to cross you threshold and speak to you myself . for the second time in the life of most of we we be at war . for we be call , with we ally , to meet the challenge of a principle which , if it be to prevail , would be fatal to any civilized order in the world . it be the principle which permit a State , in the selfish pursuit of power , to disregard its treaty and its solemn pledge ; which sanction the use of force , or threat of force , against the sovereignty and independence of other States . such a principle , stripped of all disguise , be surely the mere primitive doctrine that might be right , and if this principle be establish throughout the world , the freedom of we own country and of the whole british commonwealth of Nations would be in danger . ( more ) tks / seidler/09/17/08 113. bertie ( v.o. on radio ) ( cont 'd ) but far more than this - the people of the world would be keep in the bondage of fear , and all hope of settle peace and of the security of justice and liberty among nation would be end . this be the ultimate issue which confront we . end the montage with a return to the exterior of Buckingham Palace . outside , stand solemn crowd , listen to the speech on loudspeaker . pan there face , the face of England , stalwart and resolve . bertie ( cont 'd ) for the sake of all that we ourselves hold dear , and of the world 's order and peace , it be unthinkable that we should refuse to meet the challenge . it be to this high purpose that I now call my people at home and my people across the seas , who will make we cause they own . I ask they to stand calm , firm , and united in this time of trial . the task will be hard . there may be dark day ahead , and war can no longer be confine to the battlefield . but we can only do the right as we see the right , and reverently commit we cause to God . 90 int . the princess playroom - night 90 the two girl listen to they father on the radio . bertie ( v.o. on radio ) if one and all we keep resolutely faithful to it , ready for whatever service or sacrifice it may demand , then , with God 's help , we shall prevail . lilibet 's expression tell it all - she can hear it , she father be truly King . 91 int . king study / broadcast room , buckingham palace - 91 continuous bertie , in he quiet way be totally in command , and utterly magnificent . everyone in the room be awed as he conclude : tks / seidler/09/17/08 114. bertie ( cont 'd ) we may all find a message of encouragement in the line which , in my close word , I would like to say to you : ` I say to the man who stand at the Gate of the Year , " give I a light that I may tread safely into the unknown . " and he reply , " go out into the darkness , and put you hand into the Hand of God . that shall be to you better than light , and safer than a know way . ' " May the almighty Hand guide and uphold we all . in the ad hoc ` control booth ' area - the manager make a `cut ' gesture to bertie , he 's off the air , the red light on the microphone go out . the manager point , and the red light on the reader 's microphone go on . BBC news reader this conclude the BBC broadcast of the King 's speech . another `cut ' gesture from the floor manager , the red light go out and the transmission be conclude . the floor manager look to the reader . BBC news reader ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) he be not perfect . ( barely control he tear ) not perfect ... but by God ... he move I . at the MAIN BBC microphone - bertie wait for the verdict of he peer . churchill first : winston churchill could not have say it better myself . the ultimate compliment . lang next . cosmo lang I be speechless . elizabeth ( softly ) thank god. she go to bertie and kiss he tenderly on the cheek , take he hand , then logue 's . tks / seidler/09/17/08 115. elizabeth ( cont 'd ) well do , bertie . well do ... ( for the first time ) ... lionel . well do . she leave the two man together . lionel I always call you bertie . today , I call you King . he offer he hand . but instead of take it , bertie take he by the shoulder and give he a hug . this be a long way from the five pace rule . the last barrier have fall . scroll : card 1 - king GEORGE VI rallied he nation during WWII , uniting the commonwealth , refusing to leave london during the blitz . he died on february 6th 1952 . he be known as ' the good king '. card 2 - lionel logue passed away shortly after he friend bertie . he story remains unknown . even in australia . the end