the sandwich day Story by Matthew dressel written by Matthew dressel and phil vaira & andrea Walters black . admission rep ( v.o. ) so , tell I about you childhood . fade in : int . elementary classroom - flashback - morning several fifth grader talk among each other before the beginning of class . the sound be muffle . young billiam ( 11 ) do not talk and look lonely at he desk . he draw on some paper be quite pleased with he work . some child accidently push a desk against he cause he pencil to move upwards . his picture be ruin with a long straight line in the middle . his little , personal world be disrupt with the bang cause the muffle talk around he turn instantly clear . mrs . zimmerman stand at the front of the class take attendance . mrs . zimmerman okay , everybody settle down now . it may be the first day in class , and I know we be all excited here . let 's see if I can learn you name as I take role . the fifth grader quiet down while the stand child sit down at they desk . mrs . zimmerman Jenny Anderson ? jenny raise she hand . jenny here ! mrs . zimmerman Eric Ball ? eric here . mrs . zimmerman Todd baxter ? todd baxter I be here . mrs . zimmerman Heather levington ? heather levington here . mrs . zimmerman Tim Li ? young tim here ! young billiam be grow nervous while he begin sink down he chair . here ! mrs . zimmerman Ashley Nelson ? ashley nelson mrs . zimmerman Laura Rose ? LAURA rose here ! mrs . zimmerman billiam Williams ? no one know who young billiam be but do notice someone sink down in he chair . some laugh at the name . young terrence find it amusing while lightly joke to he peer . mrs . zimmerman look around . mrs . zimmerman ( cont 'd ) billiam Williams ? young billiam continue to sink . CUT to : int . rep 's office - present - afternoon billiam ( 18 ) sit across from a well dress , middle age admission representative . the rep have a note pad in he lap and a pen in he hand , look attentively at billiam . admission rep so you parent name you billiam ? billiam yeah . admission rep could be worse . I once know a kid who 's parent name he bobert . billiam really ? admission rep yeah . ( laugh ) we mock the hell outta that kid ! ( continue to laugh ) billiam be unamuse , and the admission rep notice this . admission rep ( cont 'd ) ( clear he throat ) sorry . please , continue . billiam why do you want to know so much about my childhood ? admission rep well , when we ask most people to talk about they childhood on this form they at least give we something . you just write '' not applicable '' . billiam nod slightly . billiam ( agree ) mmmhmm . admission rep would you really describe you childhood as '' not applicable '' ? billiam open he mouth as if he 's about to say something , think very hard . CUT to : int . lunch room - flashback subtitle : '' 2000 '' young billiam sit at a lunchroom table , all alone . billiam ( v.0o ) back then , kid be ( pause ) —- less than civil towards I . young billiam suddenly get hit directly in the face with a large , sloppy sandwich . shock , he wipe the content of the sandwich from he face as loud laughter erupt from off screen . seat across the lunchroom be young terrence , the source of the laughter . young terrence sit amongst he lackey . billiam ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) terrence be my constant tormentor . young terrence retrieve another sandwich from he paper lunch - sack . billiam ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) and over the year it become quite apparent to I that terrence 's mother stock he with a steady supply of sandwich . young terrence begin to happily eat he next sandwich . CUT to : int . classroom - flashback - continuous young billiam sit in class and get hit with a sandwich in the back of the head . young terrence 's laughter erupt behind he . CUT to : int . bathroom - flashback - continuous young billiam stand at the urinal and get hit with another sandwich . young terrence laugh off-screen . CUT to : int . gym - flashback - continuous young billiam prepare to catch a kick ball in the back of the gym and get hit with a ball from behind by the laugh unseen young terrence . billiam ( v.0o ) well , c'mon , he could not always throw sandwich . that 's just ridiculous . CUT to : int . house - flashback - continuous billiam ( v.o. ) but my mother be always there for I when I get home . and she always try to make I feel better about the situation . mother oh , billiam . young billiam 's mother pick a piece of tomato out of he hair . mother ( cont 'd ) do you know why the kid do this to you ? young billiam ( sniffle ) because my name 's billiam ? mother ( cont 'd ) oh , heaven no . it 's because they be jealous of you . young billiam lift he head , display a look of hope . young billiam really ? his mother nod , smile . young billiam smile back . CUT to : int . rep 's office - present billiam what be they jealous of ? the friend I do not have ? the social skill I be unable to acquire ? admission rep well , you mom sound like a pretty smart person . I mean , my mom tell I the same thing , and li ... ( look of realization ) oh .. billiam the worst part be that I actually listen to she . ( think ) wait a minute , no . that 's not the worst part . the worst part be ... CUT to : int . classroom - flashback young billiam walk to he seat , and young terrence stick he foot out to trip he . young billiam fall with a thud . young tim , who sit all alone in the corner , watch this . young billiam come back to he foot and turn to young terrence . young billiam you know what , terrence ? I know why you pick on I . young terrence oh , really ? young billiam you be just jealous of I , and you pick on I because you be really insecure young billiam ( cont ’d ) about yourself , and need to make I feel bad to make yourself feel better . young tim , hearing this , shut he eye wince . young terrence pause as he take this all in . young terrence ( sarcastic ) you know what ? you be right . I be jealous of you . all I really want to be be you friend . young billiam really ? young terrence reach into he pocket and pull out a sandwich , throw it in young billiam 's face . he walk away , and young billiam stand there , shocked . billiam ( v.0o ) my first run - in with sarcasm . young tim shake he head , get up from he seat and walk over to young billiam . he pull out some tissue from he pocket and hand they to young billiam . billiam ( v.o ) ( cont 'd ) and that 's when I first meet my best friend , Tim . young tim he 's not really jealous of you , you know . young billiam but my mom say he be . young tim well , there 's you first problem . when it come to bully , never listen to you mother . young billiam think about this . billiam ( v.0o ) he be right . and the more I think about it , the more I remember all the horrible advice my mother have give I . int . billiam 's live room - flashback young billiam be look up to he mother . she be cut onion in the kitchen . mother just ignore they , and they will stop pick on you . CUT to : young billiam be counsel by he mother at the dining room table . mother the next time they pick on you , you just tell you teacher . she will make everything better . CUT to : young billiam be lean against the wall in he bathrobe as he mother talk in the background . mother ( 0o.s . ) I think it 's time I give they parent a call . once they get a good talk to , they will stop pick on you . CUT to : mom be tucking in young billiam in he bed . it be night . mom he will not bother you anymore , much like that boogeyman you mention before hide under you bed . goodnight dear . mom get up and walk towards the door . as she do , young billiam 's eye be wide open with a sense of realization of a old fear . while find enough courage , he grab he flashlight , turn it on , and slowly look under the bed . the flashlight shine towards a body under the bed appear to be young terrence . he hold a sandwich in he right hand and move it towards he . young billiam wake up in a sweat scream . young billiam Mom ! the boogeyman be terrence ! int . rep 's office - present billiam her heart be in the right place , but she just do not understand what it be really like . sure bully be probably insecure with themselves which cause they to pick on that lesser than they , but know that do not help as a little kid . in the end , there be just no good way to deal with a bully . billiam smile deviously . billiam ( cont 'd ) but there be some bad one . int . school cafeteria - flashback young billiam and young tim sit at a lunchroom table , eat . billiam ( v.o. ) Tim and I basically become inseparable for the next several month . I have like to say by that time I have take care of my terrence situation , but I can say that thing be at least start to change . young billiam get hit with a sandwich , which smear across he face and fall on the table . he remain unfaze . young billiam hmm . terrence 's mother switch to Miracle whip . he wipe off he face with a nearby napkin , and continue eat . young tim at least she stop use toothpick . ( pause ) you ever go to stand up to he ? young billiam well , my mom say I should try not to give he a big reaction . young tim you mom ?! you be still listen to you mom ?! be you kid ? nothing she 's say have work , Bill ! seriously , you need to do something . if you do not , he 'il never stop . ever ! young billiam I know . young billiam sit there and think to himself . young tim someone need to hit he with a sandwich . young billiam suddenly get a look of realization across he face . young billiam I have get it . young tim what ? young billiam we be go to settle this on the playground . young tim look confuse . ext . billiam 's house - flashback - afternoon young billiam and young tim walk out from the back door in a hurry wear backpack fill with sandwich . attach to they pants be walky - talky . they begin to head towards the garage until a car door shut . young billiam move he arm to stop young tim from proceeding further . they hide around the corner from be see . billiam peek and see he mother walk towards the front door with bag of grocery . young billiam civilian hostile spot . young tim should we initiate plan B ? young billiam turn towards young tim . young billiam affirmative . get ready . the boy detach they walky - talky from they pants and turn they on . young billiam Tim , you objective be to watch she every move . you can reach I on here . young tim will do . young billiam okay . go ! the boy set way . young billiam 's mother walk into the house . young billiam make he way towards the garage while young tim start sneaking by the house window . young billiam bring the walky - talkie towards he mouth . his head peek around the corner for a clear visual . young billiam tango Lee Seven this be bravo whiskey six . Radio check , over ! young tim bravo whiskey six , this be tango lima Seven . I read you loud and clear , over ! young billiam Roger , tango Lee Seven . give I a sitrep , over ! young tim look into the window : she be dance with a cat . young tim target be in sight . young tim roll he eye and get back into a hide position . young tim be advise , crazy mom close , over . young billiam make it to the garage and quietly sneak towards the garage door . he speak into the walky - talkie again . young billiam tango lima Seven , I be in position , over . young tim peek through the window again but do not see she . young tim all clear , bravo whiskey six . Mission be a go . I repeat , mission be a go ! young billiam Roger , wilco ! go mission ! over and out ! young billiam grab the garage door handle and open it . he run in as young tim follow he from behind . they run out with a ladder , tape , and a long rope . young billiam 's mother barely recognize they just in time as they slowly run off with a large ladder . ext . playground - flashback - afternoon young billiam be on a ladder as tim hand he the next backpack of sandwich . a rope be attach to a close net attach to the hoop . duck tape be below the hoop in a formation of a ' xx 's . young tim you sure this be a good idea ? young billiam no , I think it 's a bad one ! you want out ? young tim no . I be just think of one sandwich . I think we make a hundred sandwich ! young billiam revenge be messy . you say it yourself , Tim . I have to stand up to terrence . if I do not , he ’1ll never stop . I try tell the teacher . I try ignore he . I try to look brave . I try to pretend I do not care . but I do care . it 's time for terrence to get a taste of he own medicine . young tim what if it do not work ? young billiam it will work . ext . playground - flashback - afternoon young billiam and young tim stand at the playground to they old school , wait . young tim glance at he watch . young tim maybe he will not show . young billiam he 'il show . suddenly in the distance , young terrence show up on he bike . the scene play in slow motion . he ride up to the playground and toss he bike to the ground , he long coat tail flutter in the wind ( in slow motion a la John woo ) . young billiam and young tim watch this . young terrence approach the duo . young terrence well , well , well .. if it be not billiam Williams . young billiam and young tim exchange glance . young terrence and you bring you friend dim Tim . young tim hi Terry . young terrence I get you note . what do you want ? young billiam I just want to teach you a lesson . young terrence oh yeah ? and what 's that ? young billiam that when someone you have torture for he entire life ask you to meet he out in a secluded area - ( pause ) you should always watch where you stand . young terrence look down to find that he be stand on a giant x. young billiam pull a string . young terrence see young billiam pull the string and look up as a giant bucket of sandwich be release above he head . a hundred sandwich fall out of the bucket and fall all over young terrence . young terrence slowly look up from he foot at young billiam and young tim . young terrence you be dead . as they move forward , young billiam and young tim start back up . young tim uh , Bill ? what be you plan for after we hit he with the sandwich ? young billiam that 's about as far as I get . young terrence back they both into a tree , grab young billiam and raise he fist . young terrence ( smile ) I be really go to enjoy this . young billiam wince , wait for impact when in the distance a car engine be hear revving . young terrrence slowly turn he head around . Far in the distance , a silver station wagon sit at the end of the parking lot . the engine revs again . young terrence let go of he grip and walk towards the car . young terrence ( cont 'd ) now , what 's this ? young tim Bill ? be that you mother ? young billiam simply stare ahead , nodd in shock . young terrence squint towards the car to get a better look . he laugh to himself . young terrence aww , be not that cute ? billy call he mommy to come and save he . the car engine revs again . int . billiam be mom' car - day mother nobody hurt my boy and get away with it . ext . elementary school playground - day the car suddenly peel forward , towards young terrence . young terrence 's face drop in horror , as he begin to run in the opposite direction . he run towards he bike and hop on , pedale away . young terrence cowardly scream as he drive he bike fast away , young billiam 's mother on he tail . they drive off into the distance and disappear , leave young billiam and young tim alone . ext . elementary school playground - day young tim wow. ( pause ) you mom be insane . young billiam smile , as he stare off to where they drive off . young billiam naw , she just love I . young billiam pat young tim on the back . they walk off . CUT to : int . rep 's office - present billiam and , so that 's how it end . terrence end up transfer to a new school , and I really have n 't see he since . the admission rep place he folder on the table . admission rep well , I must say , that 's one heck of a story . and I can see why you do not try and fit that into a single essay . the admission rep stick out he hand . admission rep ( cont 'd ) we 'il let you know . CUT to : int . lobby - present - continuous billiam walk out into the lobby and look around to see several student sit in a line of chair . at the front of they be terrence . he look up and notice billiam , surprised . billiam terrence ? terrence oh hey , Bill . billiam you be go to this school ? terrence if they let I . awkward pause as the two think of what to say . billiam well , good luck terrence . terrence hey , you too . billiam begin to walk away . terrence ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hey billiam ! billiam shield he face in terror , wince . he look back to see terrence be stick out he hand , smile . terrence ( cont 'd ) good to see you . billiam shake terrence 's hand . billiam you too . terrence hey , maybe we can get together and get a bite to eat sometime . no sandwich of course . ( laugh ) billiam yeah , I have like that . CUT to : ext . restraunt - day billiam and terrence be talk to each other as they eat by a window . laugh be exchange as they recall storey . ext . road - day billiam walk with terence down the sidewalk . terrence it be great see you again . my car be right up there . where be yours ? billiam oh , it 's at the shop . there be some problem with the engine and have to get it fix . terrence that suck , man . need a ride ? billiam uh , my mom be pick I up . terrence be in shock . terrence she 's ... what ? billiam look at he questionably . billiam she 's pick I up . I tell she to arrive about this time . billiam glance around . billiam she should be here ... oh , there she be . terrence look where billiam be look at . he spot he mother stand outside the car . her eye lock on terrence with a evil grin . mother you ! terrence panic and begin run the opposite direction and around the corner . billiam be confuse and watch he run off . billiam 's mother get in the car quickly and turn it on , storming after terrence . fade to black the end