" the thing " screenplay by Bill lancaster base on the story " who goe there " by John W. Campbell . Jr. second draft March 4 , 1981 cast macready 35 . helicopter pilot . like chess . hate the cold . the pay be good . garry 46 . the station manager . stiff . ex - army officer . wear a handgun . child 33 . six -four . two-fifty . Black . a mechanic . can be jolly . but do not mess . blair 50 . sensitive . intelligent . unassume . a assistant biologist . dr . copper 45 . professional . a decent man . a good doctor . palmer 27 . second string chopper pilot . crack mechanic . Long hair . slight sixty acid damage . naul 22 . the cook . Bright . Black . irreverent . but kindhearted . roller skate . norris 44 . stocky . rugged look . a geophysicist . a incipient heart condition . benning 38 . a meteorologist . dutiful . a old pro . clark 24 . the dog handler . like it here . good at he job . sanchez 21 . the radio operator . hate it here . lousy at he job . in the winter of 1982 this man be commission by the United States National Science Foundation to gather data concern the physical and natural science on the continent of Antarctica . the MAIN compound of U.S. outpost # 31 the interior be a cramped and never end maze of hallway , passageway and door which connect the many room and compartment within the compound . sturdy , but prefabricate material have be use in its construction . there be a laboratory . a infirmary . a kitchen and mess hall . a communication room and sleep quarter . other cubicle be for storage and supplies . the most spacious area of the building , and the main center of activity , be the rec room . of the many entrance way to this room can be see the small work chamber with they sophisticated computer and other scientific equipment . the below quarter house the generator and still other compartment for storage . a long underground tunnel connect the main compound to the dog kennel . fade in : a starry blackness from out of the billion , the smallest of speck drive slowly forward . it close ; get larger ; its feature become more identifiable : a vessel . flip -flopping ; out of control . its stern roaring with flame . it pass ; its blue fire surging into the screen . " the thing " a thunder ... fade to : blind and feral whiteness ... glacial desert ... gust of snow ... superimpose : antarctica 1982 winter a SOUND loud and strident . a helicopter streak across frame . it travel precariously close to the ground ; its chassis batter and sway by the wind . int . copter Red dial beam on the face of two man . one carry a rifle and search the horizon with binocular . the other pilot . they unkempt face , they blaze eye notate a wildness . they bark at each other in some scandinavian tongue . two man argue like mad and desperate child . the man with the binocular sight something . ext . horizon - binoculars ' Pov - a dog it turn and snarl at the craft some fifteen hundred yard to its rear . then whirl and gallop off . a gun blast kick up snow at its heel . int . copter another blast of rifle fire as the man take issue with he prey . the pilot slam a fist into he gunman friend and implore for better aim . the craft swoops lower and the engine be put into full throttle . ext . hill - the dog run feverishly up and over a hill of ice . a weather - beat , wooden sign stick up on the other side : U.S. national science foundation -- outpost # 31 a rifle blast kick up more snow . ext . compound of U.S. outpost # 31 a large , almost snow - cover building . not far from that a tall , meteorological balloon tower . a scatter of several small shack at vary distance from the main compound . the smaller hovel be connect by wooden planke walkway and steadying rope . multicolor pennant stick put of the snow mark pathway and direction to outdoor experiment . a tractor and two helicopter sit idle , cover with mound of continuously mount snow . two men , norris and benning stand some thirty yard from the main building be in the process of let up a large red balloon . child , a hefty black man , be twenty yard away tinkering with a snowmobile . they beard be cake with ice . it be winter and it be harsh . the faint sound of the copter turn they attention . the copter fly ever lower now . the man with the gun lean dangerously outside and fire away at the dog as it near the outpost . the men outside the compound look to one another , incredulous . the copter much too low now , and chastise by the wind , attempt a high - speed landing , directly on the heel of the sprinting dog . it bounce violently on the hard - pack surface . once. twice . pass the dog . a third bounce send it skid . it flip ; its blade snap off like toothpick . it land belly - up , soundless except for the whine of its engine . the man with the gun roll out before the explosion . int . MAIN compound the half a dozen man , play card , monitoring equipment , listen to music -- spring to they foot , startle . ext . compound the dog reach norris and benning , as they awkwardly wade through the snow , toward the down copter . the survivor of the crash , he eye craze with determination , struggle to he foot . heedless of he companion , he double- time he way to the man and the dog . he reload he gun and bellow in he scandinavian tongue . norris and benning have no idea what he be say . the survivor wave he arm as if shoot they off , scream as he do so ; he face now cake with blood . the two man be bewilder . the dog jump up , lick and paw they , implore for safety . blam !! the visitor fire . the man jump back in disbelief . norris what the fu ... blam ! blam ! the craze visitor scream and fire as he stalk after they . his countenance ablaze , mad . Ice and snow kick up about the terrify Americans . a bullet smack into the dog 's hip , send it skid and howling in pain . child , the black man by the snowmobile , take cover , diving behind he machine . benning be hit . norris pull , drag he back toward the compound . the dog crawl along beside they . the intruder be relentless in he assail . he run , scream , fire , scream , reloading and fire . int . compound total confusion . some watch helplessly through the small , fogge - up and translucent window . other try to mobilize grab for they heavy jacket . close on a .357 magnum as it efficiently break through a windowpane and into the cold . a steady hand grip it firmly . the scandinavian get closer . kablam ! suddenly , he head jerk back . he fall to he knee and then face down into the snow . norris and benning stare blankly , but relievedly at the fall man . the dog whimper in pain . child poke he head out from under the snowmobile . int . MAIN compound - rec room the rumbling of voice fade . the man adjust they eye to station manager garry , as he extract he gun from the break window , relieve it of its spend shell and put it away . CUT to : ext . burning copter several man spray snow on the burn wreckage . there be no hope for the pilot . CUT to : int . compound close on the pallid face of the scandinavian intruder a neat round hole be set in the middle of he forehead . Station manager garry hold up something akin to a id . garry norwegian ... jan bolen . fuch , a young and sensitive - look biologist , stand close to the large area map of Antarctica . several man sit and stand around view the body that lie on two bring - together card - table . fuch gotta be from the norwegian camp . garry how far 's that ? fuch ' Bout eighty kilo southwest . garry ( surprised ) that far ? garry direct he attention to child , the large black man who have be work on the snowmobile . next to he sit norris , the rugge - look , fortyish , geophysicist , who be one of the man be shot at . garry you catch anything he be say ? child be I start to look norwegian to you , bwana ? garry motion inquiringly to norris . norris yeah . I catch that he want the better part of my ass to come apart . int . infirmary Dr. Cooper , mid-forty , work on the outstretch leg of benning , the meteorologist . Clark , the dog handler , be mend the hip of the wounded dog off in the corner . benning let out with a ouch . dr . copper do not " ouch " I . two stitches . it just graze you . he help a shake benning up off the table . benning what in the hell be they do ...? Flying that low ... shoot at a dog ... at we ... dr . copper stir crazy . cabin fever ... who know . the dog yelp and whimper as Clark try to calm he . clark I will be here a while . Shell 's pretty deep . int . radio room Blair , senior biologist , fifty , bald , lean against the entrance door . he look on as the young , bored - look radio operator , sanchez , attend to he equipment . burst of static . sanchez it 's no go . blair well , get to somebody . anybody . we have get to report this mess . sanchez look , I have not be able to reach shit in two week . doubt if anybody 's talk to anybody on the whole continent . int . hallway naul , the cook , glide along on he roller stake down one of the many narrow hallway that connect the various compartment of the main compound . he be black , a little mischievous , about twenty - two . he come to a flashy skid stop at one of the entrance to the rec room area , where the man be gather with the dead norwegian . naul maybe we at war with Norway . palmer , a spacy , twenty - seven year old , novice pilot and mechanic , grin as he light a joint . he direct a remark to station manager garry . palmer be wonder when " El capitan " be go to get a chance to use he pop gun . garry rebuke he with a stern look and then turn to fuch . garry how long have they be station there ? fuch leaf through a pile of papers . fuch say here about eight week . Dr. copper enter the room . benning limping after he slightly . garry ( shaking he head ) that 's not enough time for guy to go bonker . naul bullshit , bwana , sweetheart . five minute be enough to put a man over down here . palmer damn straight . naul I mean palmer be the way he be since the first day . palmer smile and flip the cook the bird . garry how many in they party ? fuch ( refer ) start with six . there would be four other leave . dr . copper how do you know ? the man 's attention turn to copper . dr . copper ... guy as crazy as that could have do a lot of damage to they own before they get to we . garry nothing we can do about that . dr . copper yes , there be . I would like to go up . garry in this weather ? dr . copper ( turn to ) benning ? benning wind be go to let up a tad , next couple of hour . garry a tad ? benning can not condone it myself . but it be a short haul . hour there , hour back . garry still do not much like the idea . palmer take another hit off he joint . palmer shit , Doc , I will give you the lift if ... garry forget it , palmer . Doc , you be a pain in the ass . garry ( turn ) norris , go get macready . slight laughter from some of the man . norris ( grin ) macready be not go nowhere . bunker in till spring . garry just go get he . norris ( stand ) anyway , he 's probably rip . ext . U.S. outpost # 31 norris , bundle in he sixty - five pound of clothing , exit the main compound . he walk the prefab wooden plank up the precipice ; he destination be someone a hundred yard up the slope -- to a shack . he grab onto the steadying rope and pull himself against the wind and blow sleet . int . macready shack - close on ice cube be dumped into a glass , follow by the pour of whiskey . a electronic Voice be hear . voice Bishop to knight four . macready take a sip of he drink ; make he way over to he electronic chess game . a large mexican sombrero hang on he back . he be tall ; about thirty - five . his shack be sparse but unkempt . a few centerfold on the wall be intersperse by a occasional poster of some Mediterranean or South american paradise . the chess game be of larger than normal size . the piece move automatically with the press of a button . he sit down and chuckle over he opponent 's bad move . macready poor little son of a bitch . you be start to lose it , be not you ? he confidently tap out he move . his companion 's response be immediate . voice pawn take queen at knight four . macready 's grin slowly fade as he examine the board . there be a pound at he door . macready brood for a bit , heedless of he visitor and make he next move . voice Rook to knight six . check . more impatient pound . macready glare at he opponent for a beat . he bend forward , open up a flap contain the chess game 's circuitry and pour in he drink . there ensue a snap , pop sound as smoke and spark rise from the machine ; follow by a flush of chess gibberish . macready get up from he seat , mumble on he way to the door . macready ... cheate bastard ... he open the door . norris step in follow by a flurry of snow and wind . norris you jerk off or just piss ? macready we get any more of that electronic chess thing down in supply ? norris get you gear on . macready what for ? ext . outpost one of the ground chopper be be readied for take - off . child hold a huge industrial torch to the engine , warming it up . int . MAIN compound - corridor garry , benning , Dr. copper , palmer and macready wind they way through the slender corridor on they way to the chopper . Dr. copper carry a satchel of medicine supplies . macready , go over he flight chart , look mad as hell . dialogue overlap . macready ... craziness ... this be goddamn insane ... garry ... quit the gripe macready . sooner you be there -- sooner you be back . macready it 's against regulation to go up this time of year ! dr . copper screw regulation ! four guy could be crawl around on they belly out there ! macready so , I do not want to end up crawl around with they when we go down . garry look , if you be go to keep bitching , macready -- palmer 's offer to take he up ... macready what be you talk ?! he 's have two month training in that chopper ! palmer ( defiant ) four ! macready ( to benning ) what be it out there , anyway ? forty - five knot ? benning sixteen . macready ( disgust ) and the horse you ride in on . sixteen for how long ?! you can not predict this time of year ... int . / ext . chopper Dr. copper sit next to macready , who be at the control . macready tighten the string of he sombrero around he neck and start up its choke engine . macready fight violently with the control as he struggle to get the craft into the air . it finally rights itself and move up and off into the grey - white sky . int . MAIN compound a couple of the man mingle in the area . Clark , the dog handler , look out the window . clark Mac 's really take it up , huh ? the dog , a large bandage on he hip , wade through the room . under table . past man 's leg . it hobble slightly . no one take notice . CUT to : ext . the chopper move over a ridge of ice . column of smoke can be see rise ominously from a quarter mile off . int . chopper - point of view as they near , the smoke loom thicker . a black , tar - like gush ; billow up into the grey sky from the whiteness below . ext . norwegian camp smoke climb upward in the f.g. macready set he craft down . pull back to reveal the camp itself : resembling the aftermath of a western fort , sack and ravage by Indians . small fire and debris be strewn everywhere . the prefab administration Building expose gape hole . smoke rise from the almost entirely snow - bury quonset hut . ember swirl in every direction . int . chopper the two man look at each other in silence . they get out . close on a large , makeshift funeral pyre smolder to a close . a hastily conceive crematorium . Wood , book , furniture , tire , anything that will burn have be mix together with the char remain of several dog and the body of a man . curious mound of a melt and blacken goo be heape within the mess . a small can of gasoline lie nearby . a large oil drum not far off . macready and copper they face ashen as they take in this grotesque sight . macready turn to view the norwegian compound . he then exchange a look with copper . macready head back toward the chopper . the chopper macready unhinge the shotgun that be latch to the panel behind the seat . ext . the MAIN build - the door macready and Dr. copper stand hesitantly amidst the wisp of snow and ember . macready try the door . it be unlock . he slowly push it open with he gun . a creak . a long pitch - black corridor . copper shine a flashlight . dr . copper anybody there ?! no answer . just wind . they exchange a look and enter . int . narrow corridor the two man move slowly . it be dank and cold . they breath , bleat like exhaust . a soft , steady wind howl overhead . the flashlight be not much help . further down , they hear a faint hiss sound . as they get closer it more resemble static . the flashlight find a door at the end of the corridor . the sputtering static come from within . the face of the door have be shred . a ax stick out from its middle . macready wrench out the ax . there be blood on it . the man acknowledge this for a beat . macready try the knob . it open slightly . something be block it from the other side . macready anybody in there ?! nothing . dr . copper we be Americans ! nothing . macready come to help you !! macready push against the door . macready give I a hand . they push , shove , grunt . the door give a bit . finally more . it widen enough for macready to see that a large computer - like machine be block they path . macready wedge in and shine the flashlight . it be the communication room . hole in its roof have allow in the freezing cold . the flashlight expose the back of the radio chair . one more nudge allow they into the room . a beat as they catch they breath . macready spot a coleman lantern . he light it with a match . hold it up . the brighter light expose the top of a man 's head sit in the radio chair . macready hey , Sweden ...! you okay ? the chair rock slightly with the gentle breeze . they inch closer . a yard from the chair , macready stop the Doctor . he poke he gun at the chair 's back . macready Sweden ?! Dr. copper spot something . from the man 's wrist on the armrest , he follow a long , yarn - thick , red line , end in a pool of freeze blood on the floor . the two man step around the chair . the norwegian stare up in blanch death . a gape black hole for a mouth . his throat and wrist slit . a old - fashioned straight razor in he lap . macready turn off the hiss radio , and march to the other door . it be lock and barricade . dr . copper ( more to himself ) my God , what in hell happen here ? macready come on , copper . the two man free a machine - like obstacle from the other exit . macready open a lock and push the door open . more blackness . stronger wind . copper hold the lantern high as they make they way down a row of wooden step and into a cavernous , underground causeway . macready hey , Sweden !!! dr . copper ( irritate ) they be not swedish , goddamn it , they be norwegian , macre -- whap !! something slap into the Doctor 's face from the darkness . the lantern crash to the ground . the Doctor stumble , fall . macready grab the flashlight and whirl in different direction . a panting beat . silence . Dr. copper hold up what hit he . a thick centerfold , buffete by the wind . macready take it . macready norwegian of the month , doc. harmless . macready pocket it for further view . int . the narrowest of corridor the support beam have long since buckle and crack from the constantly move ice underneath . the evidence of fire have further weaken the foundation . the wood creak overhead . bit of ice and silt trickle down . the two man walk hunch , cautious . macready gingerly try to make he way around a break and smolder beam . he brushes it gently send a shower of debris from the yawn roof . the two man wait until it subside and then move on . further down . macready 's knee bump into something along the wall , cause he to stumble slightly . he shine he light on it . a arm be stick out of a steel door about three foot off the ground . the door have be slam shut . the arm pin , its fist still grip a small welding torch . the flame long since go out . macready ( wince ) Holy shit ... he try the door . unlocked . it open . the arm drop to the ground . it have be severe by the force of the slam . its owner be nowhere to be see . macready , sicken , cough . Dr. copper mumble . dr . copper Christ ... they step over the arm and into another slim passageway . move along they come to rest in front of a door with norwegian lettering on it . macready push it open with he foot . dozen of papers fly about , flail by the hole in the quonset hut - style roof . the place be a wreck . they enter . macready surveying the small room with he flashlight . dr . copper ... Laboratory . Broken beaker , test tube , a microscope be illuminate . macready notice a video camera . macready portable video unit . copper make he way over to the main work table . he shuffles through papers , glance at the write . macready anything ? dr . copper all in norwegian . Dr. copper bend down and begin gather the papers , strewn about the room . macready what be you do ? dr . copper could be important work . might as well bring it back . macready it 's get late . hurry it . I be go to check the last few room . he exit . amongst the rubble , Dr. copper find a pocket tape recorder and several cassettes . he select a tape and be about to pop it in when he sense something to he rear . he turn . look . a beat . nothing . int . hallway macready shove himself into another room . int . room debris and wood flush down on he . the recede ceiling have be block the door from above . he brushes he coat and shine the light upwards . the ceiling be a shamble . he then shine the light deeper into the room . int . norwegian lab Dr. copper be play the small tape recorder . a casual norwegian voice drone on as if make note . he fast forward . the same casual drine . macready ( o.s. ) copper , come here !! int . room Dr. copper enter , squeezing in , through the door . the wood crack overhead . more debris come fall down . macready careful . it 's about to go . copper dust himself . macready stand before a huge block of ice . Fifteen foot long . six foot wide . four foot tall . it have partially melt , but its thawing process have be stop by the now freezing temperature within the outpost . its one curious feature : the middle have be thaw and scoop out . give it the appearance of a large bathtub . the two man study it uncomprehendingly . macready 's gaze turn to a large metal cabinet at he leave . he move for a closer look . several photograph be paste to its door . small snapshot of the Norwegians at work and play . he try to open it . stuck . the partially cave - in ceiling be slightly block the top of the door . he try again , careful not to dislodge the wood and plaster above . bit of dust float down . dr . copper watch it . his grip be too strong . it give suddenly , unexpectedly . the large metal door fly open . large chunks splash from the ceiling . they come thumping to the floor , behind and in front of the open cabinet door . macready cough and wave away the dust . he peer inside . nothing much . some empty shelf . some small scientific gear . his flashlight then locate a large photograph tape to the inside of the cabinet door . it be a picture of five Norwegians , arm in arm , all smile , toast each other . they be on either side of the freeze block of ice , pridefully display it for the camera . the block look much thicker . its interior opaque . macready look to the block of ice and then back to the photograph . he untape it , pocket it and shut the door . a armless corpse swing into he face from behind the close door . dislodge from the ceiling , the body and macready go crash to the floor . CUT to : int . U.S. outpost - recreation room the loud beat of Warren Zevon 's song , " the Werewolves of London , " can be hear throughout the compound . the room be empty . Close on a video pong game , its ball of light lazily travel back and forth . the dog , its tail wag , its bandage on , walk by . int . kitchen Zevon 's record be blast from naul ' stereo . he skate from the big walk - in freezer and plunk down a large side of beef on the wood-cutte table to thaw . he skate from pot to pan keep time with he sound . he smell . tastes . add a little something here , a touch there . he clearly enjoy he work . Station manager garry stop past the open door . garry turn that crap down , naul . you can hear it all over the camp ! naul oui , bwana . can do . he skate over and turn it down , but not much . int . communications room garry enter and see that sanchez have nodd off in front of he receiver . his headgear be still on . garry walk over and turn up the volume , the static jolting sanchez awake . sanchez hey , man ...! garry you reach anybody yet ? sanchez we be a thousand mile from anybody else , man . it 's go to get a hell of a lot worse before it get better . garry well , stick to it . int . compound corridor a empty hallway . larger than most . Doors to several sleep quarter on either side . the dog slowly walk through . one of the door be open up ahead of he leave . the dog stop in front of it and look in . someone be inside . Inside the small cubicle , a slight portion of a man 's back can be see as he sit bent over a chair ; he large shadow display on the wall . back in the corridor . the dog look up the hall once and casually to the other end . no one . he enter the room . the sound of a man 's voice , too indistinct to tell whose , mumble : man' voice hello boy . a beat . the sound of a glass break . a muffle scuffling . the door be slam shut from the inside . and then silence . CUT to : ext . compound fuch , the young biologist , be finish up he daily jog around the compound . he stop at the end of a long quonset hut almost completely bury in the snow . the hut be fifty yard long and connect to the main compound . he enter a tunnel from a latch door up top . int . tunnel he jog down the step , pass the underground dog kennel and trot toward the compound through the long narrow tunnel . he pass and wave to Clark , who roll along a wheelbarrow of dog food . clark open the door to the small kennel and serve up the dinner . the dog , about seven of they , yelp and bark eagerly . int . underground passageway near the fuel supply bladder . older and more rickety than the quarter above . child waltze through , hum , a big smile on he face . he stop at a door with six lock on it . different kind . combination lock , key lock , etc . he open each one separately . int . storage room Inside be several marijuana plant . Sun lamp beam down on they . child inspect they with a wide grin . child how my brother and sister do today ? doin ' fine . he move over to a tape deck , select a cassette , grin back at the plant and turn it on . child what say to some nice Al Green for my baby , huh ? he water they carefully , as Al Green sing softly . he hear a panting and turn around to see the dog . his bandage be go . child what you ...? you get the hell on out of here . the dog be shooe off . child turn back grumble . child ... comin ' in here ... goin ' to urinate on my baby . int . MAIN compound - hallway Blair pass through , hold a chart and carry a rack of test tube , notice a large bandage on the floor . he pick it up , inquiringly . it be mangle and shred . int . generator room palmer work on the generator . he hear the sound of approach propeller blade from outside . and then the sound of he tool box crash to the floor . he turn to see what cause the ruckus . the dog , who have enter the shed , have jump on the work table and upend the tool box on its eagerness to look out of the above window . palmer curse under he breath and call out . palmer Clark ! will you kennel this goddamn dog ? ( bang wrench against pipe ) hey , Clark ?! the dog it paw at the window and watch as the chopper , carry macready and Dr. copper , fight against the newly arrive heavy wind and land safely . int . station manager garry quarter garry , macready , Dr. copper , norris , benning , Blair and he assistant , fuch , be present . the small norwegian video unit have be set up and its content be be view on a tv screen . grainy , home movie-ish , no sound . the proceedings be grim . Shots of the norwegian 's at work . other of they play soccer on ice . generally the footage be a prosaic record of they day - to - day life . norris shuffles the bundle of note Dr. copper bring back with he . norris ... seem they be spend a lot of time at a place four mile northeast of they camp . garry what be they involved in ? macready , work on the video machine , answer . macready Little ice core drilling ... some seismology ... glaciology ... same old shit we do . the present footage be a shot of they all naked and probably drunk , hold a sign across they waist as they stand outdoors in super - freezing weather . benning how much more of this crap be there ? dr . copper about nine more hour . benning we can not learn anything from this . dr . copper probably right . macready turn on the light and shut off the video machine . he then slide the portable tape deck across the table to Dr. copper . they exchange a look . dr . copper macready and I be listen to some of this cassettes on the way back . ( somberly ) like you gentleman to hear it . a norwegian voice drone on calmly , make verbal note . norris shrug . benning what do you want from we ? macready ( flat ) just listen . Dr. copper fast forward . the calm voice continue . and then a loud blast , follow by pound . the sound of confusion . voice . loud. frenetic . Men 's foot run up and down wooden floorboard . a gurgle . a hiss . scream . and then a screeching . more blast mix with the din of wild , carnage - wringht cry . and then more screeching . a screeching unlike anything this man have ever hear . the man look from one another in silence as they listen . Dr. copper turn it off . dr . copper go on like that quite awhile . ( beat ) what do you gentleman make of it ? garry could be anything ... Men in isolation ... some beef that snowball ... get out of hand ... norris maybe the whole camp get bent ... something they eat . what about food poisoning , Doc ? Dr. copper tap the tape deck pensively . dr . copper maybe . he glance at macready , and then back to the other . dr . copper there 's something else we want you to see . int . infirmary Dr. copper and macready begin dump the heavy content of a large plastic trash bag onto the slab . dr . copper we find this . display on the slab be what appear to be the corpse of a man . badly char . what be leave of the trousers and shoe of the bottom torso be rip and split , as if he leg and foot have burst from the inside . his upper body be a almost undecipherable gnarled mass of protoplasmic mush . the head be strangely disfigure and look larger than normal . it be situate not on its shoulder but near the abdomen . tendon-like appendage be wrap around the carcass and stick up and out in odd posture . one be wrap around the body 's leave leg . the shirt have be rip and lie shred in the tar-like mess . the man grimace . dr . copper I know he 's pretty badly burn ... but could fire have do this ? Blair , sicken but fascinate , poke at the tendon - like thing and the tarry goo . dr . copper Blair , I would like you and fuch to help I with autopsy on this one and the one garry shot this morning . int . rec room - later - close on a table hockey game foosball . naul and Clark be go at it hot and heavy . sanchez sit off in a corner thumbing through a old issue of photoplay . benning , norris and garry be engage in a card game . benning be about to play a card when he feel something under the table . he look . it be the dog . benning Clark , will you put this mutt with the other where he belong ?! int . lab larger than most of the other room and well - equip . Dr. copper be perform a autopsy on the norwegian intruder , kill early that morning . Blair sit over he microscope , while fuch prepare slide . the other body be drape with a sheet , wait its turn . Dr. copper pull off he glove . dr . copper nothing wrong with this one . physiologically , anyway . ( to Blair ) find anything toxic ? blair no drug ... alcohol . nothing . int . tunnel Clark lead the dog through the long , cold tunnel toward the kennel . a new dress have be place on its hip . he unlatch the door to the kennel and lead he in . int . kennel about twenty foot long , five foot wide . poorly light . cramped with dog . some of they sleep . other pace around and curious , greet they new companion , sniff , panting and rub up against he . Clark pat the dog and several other , then leave , latching the door behind he . int . sleeping cubicle child lie in he cot watch a small television . the show be a tape of a american tv game show . he have see this one too many time , extract the cassette and inject another game show . palmer be stretch out in the other cot , read a comic book and smoking a joint . child beckon for it and take a hit . int . pub a small area , just off the rec room . set up like a bar . macready be alone look over the rest of the videotape from the norwegian outpost . mundane to esoteric chore of Antarctic camp life . he look bored . int . lab Blair , hover over the microscope , lay in a slide , focus and motion for Dr. copper to take a look . copper be confuse as he examine . he shrug . dr . copper I do not understand . fuch take the opportunity to look . Blair move over to the disfigure corpse and indicate one of the fibrous , tendon - like appendage . blair it 's tissue from one of this sinewy rod . fuch be befuddle as he examine . fuch what in the world kind of cell structure be this ? blair that 's the point . dr . copper ( tired ) I do not get you , Blair . blair I be not sure it be any kind of cell structure . biologically speak . dr . copper ( sighing ) this really be not my field , Blair . let 's wrap for the day . Dr. copper undoe he lab coat and lay it over a chair as he exit . Blair stare down ominously at the mutilate body . ext . compound - night a steady stream of sleet pound the compound and small surround shack . int . rec room vacant . the wall clock read four-thirty . int . hallway sleep cubicle on either side . the sound of snore . int . pub bleary -ey , macready be in the process of blow up some strange inflatable object . as he puff away , he still keep a eye on the norwegian video tape . his balloon begin to take shape . it blossom into a life-size replica of a full - breast woman . something on the tape catch he eye . he rewind , then start it forward again . the screen show the Norwegians on the surface of what appear to be a enormous , flat glacier . they be spread out on the ice around a large odd oval shape ; they arm outstretch . it fade to black and then a norwegian come on mugging childishly in front of the camera , apparently quite pleased with something . the tape fade to black again and the picture reappear . this time they have mark off the large oval area with flag stick . closer shot show three of the man digging a deep hole into the ice . there be a small patch of something dark and metallic at the bottom . macready lean forward , intrigue . the man be now sink something deep into the ice at various point around the marking . macready squint and mumble to himself . macready decanite ...? thermite charge ...? the tape jump cut again show a long shot of the marking . no norwegian in sight . a explosion kick up the ice . a beat as the ice spray to the ground . then the camera appear to shake as the ground beneath it quiver . another immense explosion follow . a earthquake- like force throw the camera to the ground . macready what in ... the tape continue , distort , unviewable . a distinct crack in the lens . macready let go of he companion and quickly rewind . the deflate mannequin be send sputtering around the room . int . kennel - night most of the dog be sleep or loung . the new dog watch they calmly , silently . he take several step towards a group of about five dog and sit upright . completely still . he stare at they . a beat . the dog be aware of something . they begin to seem a bit confuse , uncomfortable . the new dog continue to stare . sitting rigidly , unnaturally still . his eye dead , lusterless black sphere . bewildere , a few dog start to pace . as if sense something : a portent . a danger . but so odd . they begin a soft , purring growl . the new dog remain a statue . the growl build . more dog begin to pace . nervously . faster , encircle . emitting hiss , snarl . the lack of response drive they into a frenzy . bark . growl . more frenetic pace . the din escalate . Three dog start to close in on the stranger . they attack . the shadow of the new dog against the kennel wall . the shadow suddenly lurch upward , seem larger . the kennel roar . int . pub macready be still go over bit of the same footage , fascinate . he hear the far-off clamor of the dog . int . naul ' quarter he , too , bother by the noise , toss and turn in he sleep . int . clark quarter Clark snore . macready have enter . macready Clark . no response . macready nudge he . Clark roll away , annoyed . macready pinch he snore nose , cut off the air . Clark sit up , groggy . macready dogtown 's go nut . take care of it . int . tunnel Clark , sleepy , irritate , make he way down the freezing corridor . the wind soughing loudly overhead . clark reach the kennel door . the savage outpour of noise from within baffle and anger he . he unlatch the door . clark what 's get into ... smack ! just as he open the door , two dog , as if jettison from a cannon , knock he off he foot . growl , bark , snarl . and a screeching from within . int . kitchen macready be fetching himself a beer . the sound of the far - off screeching . he freeze . a beat . he turn and sprint . he Beer can as it smashes the glass of the fire alarm . he pull the lever . int . tunnel the alarm be blaring throughout the camp . macready , garry , norris run through the narrow tunnel lead by Clark . macready carry a shotgun . garry , half -dress , have he .44 . Clark , a fire ax . clark I do not know what the hell 's in there , but it 's weird and piss off , whatever it be . int . hallway Chaos . Men , half - naked , bounce from they cubicle . pull on they pants , digging into shoe . int . child ' cubicle child be grapple with he belt buckle . child Mac want the what ?! benning ( at the doorway ) that 's what he say . now ! move ! benning be off . int . tunnel as the man approach the lock kennel door . the two dog , throw into Clark , back ferociously and scratch at the door try to get back in . one be badly bloody . the fight inside rage on . macready and Clark brace themselves by the narrow door . norris and garry hold back the two hysterical dog . Clark undoe the latch and he and macready enter the kennel . the light have be break and it be pitch black . macready snap on he flashlight . norris and garry can not contain they animal and the dog burst into the room . they smash into macready and send he sprawling . total confusion : the dog ; the man ; the screeching ; the blackness . clark Mac , where be you ? macready grope for he flashlight and rights himself . he find Clark . then shine it around the cramped room try to get he bearing . the light find a mass of dog in a wild melee in the corner . barking mix with hiss , a gurgle , a screeching . dog be hurl about and then charge back into the fray with a vengeance . the flashlight illuminate part of some " thing . " a dog . but not quite . impossible to tell . it struggle powerfully . garry poke he head into the blackness . garry what 's go on , damn it ? macready aim he shotgun at the entire pack . macready I be go to shoot . clark no! wait !! Clark wade into the pack , grab at dog ' hide and throw they back . he then wield he ax into the fray , chopping and hack away at the gurgle , hiss silhouette . from out of nowhere , a large , bristly , arachnid - like leg spring up and wrap around Clark 's ax . it send Clark smash violently into the wall . outside more man run , near the kennel . several squeezing in with garry , try to get a look . inside macready fire several round . a dog be flung at he , knock he and he flashlight once more to the ground . garry squeeze in and begin blast away in the direction of the hiss and screeching . a dog be hit . macready crawl for he flashlight . macready Clark ? where be you ? Clark ! blam . blam . garry continue fire at the silhouette . int . tunnel child , huffing and puffing , lug the huge industrial torch toward the crowded kennel doorway . child what 's happen ? macready ( o.s. ) child , you get the torch ? you get you ass in here !! int . kennel child scrunches in , disorient by the blackness , and bump into garry , knock he off balance . child where be you ? macready signal with he flashlight and then point it at the gather of snarling dog . macready torch it over there ! child the dog ? macready screw the dog !! torch it !! child let loose with a burst of blue flame . a mew , a screeching . part of the kennel start to burn . garry ( panic ) we be on fire ! macready do not let up , child ! garry ( to outside ) extinguishers . child move closer , continue he assault on the hiss , gurgle presence . Men charge into the room and begin spraying dog and burn wall . dog and man choke and cough amidst the smoke and co2 . the screeching lessen . the hiss and gurgle fade . child turn off he torch . CUT to : int . rec room - next morning that of the man that have gather exhibit a pale and quiet uneasiness . Blair , in silent awe , stand over the badly burn corpse of two interlock dog , that lie before he on a table . they be connect as if they be one animal . though , the one wear the remnant of Clark 's bandage be much larger and appear less dog-like . its entire torso be crack and peel , as if its innard be try to burst out . odd appendage , recoile and withere by the flame , be wrap grotesquely about both body . Clark , he eye set in glassy stare , sit in shock . naul comfort he . child stand nearby smoking a joint and stare at the floor . Blair , transfix , continue hover over the united cadaver . weigh . think . a very worried look on he face . the dead body of two other dog from the kennel be not far off . int . infirmary fuch be attend to the shred body of three other badly wounded dog . int . rec room naul pat Clark on the shoulder and grin , try to pick up he spirit . naul it 's okay now , man . it 's dead . it 's over . ( beat ) you see . Clark turn to he with a childlike smile . clark I know . Mr. child kill it . I see . naul right , man . right . int . SMALL workroom norris be go through some map . macready be bent over he shoulder . norris find the one he 's look for . norris here . this be where they be spend most of they time . benning poke he head in the room . benning pretty nasty out , Mac . thirty - five knot . macready screw it , I be go up anyway . int . MAIN compound - morning Station manager garry have join Blair by the stick - together body . Blair motion to the bandage . blair be that dog , the norwegian dog ? garry I just can not comprehend any of this . it be just a dog . child ( evenly ) " twere not no dog , bwana . blair that tape macready show we this morning ... garry could not make much of it myself . blair I have ask he to try and locate the site . okay with you ? garry sure . you think there 's a connection ? blair maybe . ext . chopper high above the Antarctic expanse . int . chopper macready pilot . Young palmer and norris be with he . it be clear but the wind be troublesome . the ride be a shaky one . norris refer to they map . he point . norris one of they site would be directly over here . they aim for a large mountainous wall . as they go up and over ... they see : flat , glacial expanse on the surface , a enormous blacken oval shape . int . U.S. outpost # 31 - lab all the body of the dog have be bring in . fuch stand by as Blair study through he microscope . insert - a microscopic sampling of two cell . they appear to be much different from each other . they be join at the end but be complete the process of break off from each other . on blair a disturb look on he face . he check he watch , as if timing the procedure . ext . glacier - tracking with macready , norris and palmer as they walk along the ice . they come to a stop at the edge of a sharp drop . pull back to reveal -- the massive black hole about fifteen foot beneath the ice . charre , gnarled and mangle metal be all that be leave of what be once a enormous sphere . macready 's and norris ' eye meet each other in silence . palmer be in awe . palmer wow ... macready find a burst thermite canister . he and norris climb down . they move along amongst the wreck . almost everything but the skeletal superstructure have disintegrated into a fine ashy powder . norris dig for ice sample at the perimeter of the wreckage , while macready browse through the center . palmer continue to marvel , as he walk around the oval , atop the ice . macready return and kneel down next to norris as the latter examine a piece of metal . norris magnesium of some type ... or some kind of strange alloy . ( look out at debris in disgust ) and that poor dumb bastard have to go and blow the hell out of it . macready so what do you make of it ? norris you know damn well what we both make of it . macready no chance it could have be some new kind of test craft ? norris shake he head no . norris seismic activity have be push this be up from way down for a long time ... ( hold up ice sample ) ... this ice it be bury in ... it 's over a hundred thousand year old . palmer call out , wave they over . ext . glacier the two man join palmer about fifty yard from the oval . a large rectangular chunk have be cut out of the ice . it be fifteen foot long , six foot wide and eight foot deep . macready kneel down to observe . a beat . a gust of wind pick up the snow at they foot . CUT to : int . rec room - night fascinate , a few of the man be review the norwegian video tape of the find of the mysterious craft . macready sit quietly by he chess set contemplate a large glass of scotch . Clark , less interested than the other , be flipping through the norwegian nudie magazine . Blair , look worried , sit off in a corner , ponder the photo of the block of ice and finger a piece of crumble - up metal bring back from the site . child , view the tape , can not quite believe it all . child okay now , Mac , run this by I again . thousands of year ago this rocket ship crash , right ...? and the ... macready be not listen . child macready ! macready look , I be just guess ... child well , go on . int . kitchen naul , about to prepare dinner , scowl as he rummages through he many cabinet . naul where 's that big ol ' steel pot of mine ?! damn ! he turn to examine the cabinet above the large stove . he spot something in the nearby kitchen trash can . disgust , he pull out a tear and shred pair of long john . int . rec room macready theorize . macready ... so it crash , and this guy , whoever he be , get throw out , or walk out , and end up freezing . child I just can not believe this voodoo bullshit . you believe this voodoo bullshit , Blair ? Blair say nothing , lose in think . palmer , stone , a joint dangle from he mouth , be search for information through stack of old issue of the National Enquirer and the Star . palmer ( rambling ) happens all the time , man . they be fall out of the sky like fly . government know all about it ... chariot of the god , man ... they practically own South America . I mean they teach the Inca everything they know ... child cool it , palmer !! palmer shake a magazine at he adamantly . palmer read von daniken ! have you read von daniken ? get you fact straight ! Clark marvel at a particular photo . clark Jesus , why would that guy ever want to leave Norway ...? naul skate into the room . he shake the crumpled - up pair of long john in he fist . naul which one you muther be toss he dirty underwear in the kitchen trash ?! he fling it across the room . it land on macready 's chess set . naul I want my kitchen clean . germ free ! naul spin on he skate and storm off . macready fetch the strangely shred underwear and roll it up , while child pace . child so , macready , come on now . this norwegian dude come by ... find he and dig he up ... macready toss the ball of cloth across the room into a trash bin . macready yeah , they dig he up and cart he back . he get thaw out , wake up and scare the shit out of they . and they get into one hell of a brawl ... child now how 's this motherfucker wake up after thousand of year in the ice , huh ? macready ( annoyed ) I do not know how . because he 's different than we be . because he 's a space guy . what do you want from I , anyway . go ask Blair . child you buy any of this , Blair ? a beat as Blair stare straight ahead , transfix . he speak softly , to no one particular . blair it be here ... get to that dog ... it be here in this camp ... the man take in he grave countenance . garry so ...? so what ? it 's over with . Blair turn to they . a pause . the man search he face . benning ( edgy ) well , be not it ? int . lab - close on a sheet as Blair rip it off expose the tangle mess of interlock dog . pull back . all the man have gather . some of the man settle into chair , other stand . blair whatever that norwegian dog be ... it ... it be capable of change its form ... ( indicate they dog ) ... when it attack we dog ... it somehow be able to digest ... or ... absorb it ... and in the process shape its own cell to imitate we dog 's cell exactly ... ( hold up gooey dog leg ) ... this for instance be not dog at all -- it 's imitation ... we get to it before it have time to finish or ... naul finish what ? blair ... I think the whole process would have take a hour ... maybe more . and then I suppose both would have change back to dog form . palmer well , that thing in the ice sure be not no dog . blair ( impatient ) of course not ... but whatever it be revive , it ... well , the thing be probably disorient ... and realize it could not survive for long in we atmosphere ... but be the incredibly adaptable creature it be ... it try to become something that could ... before the Norwegians kill it ... it somehow get to this dog . clark what do you mean " get " to the dog ? blair it be a life form that be able to imitate and reproduce , whatever it eat or absorb , cell for cell . silence . blair the concept be staggering . I know ... I ... I do not fully understand it myself . child ( skeptically , point ) you be say ... that big muther in the ice , become the dog . blair ( nodd ) I think we be talk about a organism ... that could imitate other life form ... perfectly ... it could have go on and on ... it could have become one dog ... it could have become as many dog as it want to -- and without lose any of its original mass ... norris you be into child ' weed , Blair ? Blair slam he fist on the slab . blair look , I know it 's hard to believe ... garry ( break in ) so what 's we problem ? blair well ... there 's still some cell activity ... it 's not entirely dead yet . several of the man nearest the carcass jump back knock over a chair . CUT to : ext . compound - night - close on the dog carcass lie on the snow . splash . they be be soak with gasoline . fuch ( o.s. ) ( in violent protestation ) you can not do this ! you can not burn this remain ... pull back . fuch be beside himself . child have the large torch . macready empty another can on the body . Dr. copper stand nearby . macready and the horse you ride in on , fuch . ( to child ) Light it up . child light the tip . fuch make a determine move for the torch . fuch well , I be not go to let this happen ... child struggle with he for a beat and then fling he to the ground . Dr. copper grab he prevent he from get back up . child splay the remain with a jet of flame . fuch shake he head in frustration and disgust . fuch I just can not believe it ... we be go to go down as the biggest bunch of asshole in history ... macready fuck history . at least we be go to live to be a old bunch of asshole . CUT to : int . kennel - night the night feed . Clark dish out the food . Blair be take blood sample from the remain three dog . blair ( perplex , bother ) Clark , do you notice anything strange about that dog ? just anything at all ? any little thing ? clark no. just that he recover real quick ... that night when I find he in the rec room , he have already scrape off he bandage . before I put he with the other , I redress he wound and notice it have heal up real good ... a beat as Blair stare at Clark . blair that night ? clark ( pet dog vigorously ) yeah . blair what be he do in the rec room ? clark well , after I work on he -- think I would let he rest . Left the room for a bit . when I come back , he be go . blair well , where be he ? where do he go ? clark do not know . look for he for a bit ... could not find he . blair ( a long beat ) you be say he be not put into the kennel until the night ? Clark seem uneasy under Blair 's intense gaze . clark well ... yeah . Blair stand , he eye still glue to Clark . blair how long be you with the dog ? alone , I mean ? clark ah ... he be hurt bad . bullet nick a artery ... I do not know ... a hour ... hour and a half ... Blair 's eye glaze as if in revelation . clark what the hell you look at I like that for ? blair nothing . nothing at all . he back out of the kennel . int . hallway - compound irritate , distress , station manager garry move briskly down the hall . Blair , worried and pale , try to keep up with he . blair ... it could have get to somebody ... garry anybody sick ? blair no , I ... I do not mean infection ... or disease ... garry stop at the entrance to the communication room . garry any luck yet ? sanchez shrug . sanchez couple second of a Argentine disco station . garry well , stick with it . I want you at it round the clock . we get to get help in here ... blair ( alarm ) no ... no , you can not let anyone in here ... that dog be all over this camp ... benning interrupt , enter the hallway , refer to he meteorological chart . benning ( to garry ) Travel - wise , tomorrow may be okay . but after that some pretty nasty northeasterly shit 's come in . fuch ... goddamn fool ... the man outside come stomping through the hallway . blair ( plead ) listen to I , garry . please ... garry ( to macready ) if the weather clear enough before we reach anybody -- I be send you and Doc up to macmurdo ... blair no ! you can not let people leave ... macready I be not go anywhere in anything over forty knot , garry ... garry ( snap ) the hell you will not , macready ! blair do not you understand ?! that thing do not want to become a dog ... garry ( feed up ) damn you , Blair ! you have already get everybody half - hysterical around here . blair you can not let anybody leave ! garry I have get six dead Norwegians on my hand , a burn up fly saucer , and we have just destroy the scientific find of the century . now fuck off ! Close on Blair , ashen - face , fall silent . as if in a daze , he watch the man as they continue to converse . suspicious , frighten . CUT to : ext . compound - night pitch black except for the barest of lighting which outline the building . wind . the swirl of ice . int . macready cabin - night Far away from the other , macready sit in he little hovel put the final screw into he mend chess set . on the other side of the set , he busty , inflatable companion have be propped up in a chair . his sombrero hang down she back , keep she in place . Hawaiian music play from he tape deck . macready all set . he put down he screwdriver , hold up he glass and offer a toast with a big grin . macready to we . he clink the drink he have make for she that rest on she side of the board . he sip . he turn on the machine and make he first move . macready now go easy on I , esperanza . I be just a beginner . the set answer for esperanza . chess voice Rook take bishop at Queen four -- Rook take pawn at Queen two -- Rook take Queen at Queen one -- checkmate . macready aw shit . he flip open the circuitry panel in disgust . he toss he screwdriver on the board and grab he drink , down it . macready sorry , hon . he reach inside he ice bucket . empty . macready never any damn ice around here ... ext . macready cabin - night macready exit . he swack at a nearby bank of ice with a small ice pick . macready now in Mexico ... tahiti ... they get ice ... they get ice come out of they ear . the sound of a clanking . he turn he attention . Metal against metal . strange . macready listen . it appear to be come from far off below , near the camp . macready as he make he way down with the aid of the steadying rope . the clanking louder now . he sense the direction . macready at the bottom near the main compound . the sound have stop . he look around in the near blackness . a beat . the chopper sit idle in the dark . macready approach . the door to one of the cockpit be slightly ajar . he open it cautiously . int . chopper macready slip in . he turn on a flashlight . the control have be mangle . beaten with something heavy . bang !! macready , startle , turn . like the sound of a gun . come from the main compound . int . compound - MAIN entrance confusion . shout . macready enter . he grab palmer as he and benning rush by . macready what 's ... palmer Blair . he 's go berserk . benning he 's in the radio room . get a gun . beat on sanchez something fierce . hallway - radio room entrance the man be on either side of the open radio room doorway . garry peek he head in . a gunshot blast force he back . radio room sanchez lie on the floor , groan . Blair hold the gun on the door . he wield a fire ax with the other hand and smashes down on the radio . blair anybody interfere , I will kill ! nobody 's get in or out of this camp ... hallway macready have join the other . macready he smashed one of the chopper up good . child , go check the other one and the tractor . child be off . radio room Blair crunch the ax down once again , while keep a eye on the door . blair ... you think I be crazy ? Fine ! most of you do not know what 's go on -- but I be damn well sure some of you do ! ( crunch ) back to hallway norris the back window . a couple of we could maybe surprise he . macready too damn dangerous . back to radio room blair ... you think this thing want to become a animal ? dog can not make it 1000 mile to the sea . no skua gull to imitate this time of year ... no penguin this far inland ... do not you understand ?! it want to become we ! he bring the ax down hard on the radio . back to hallway child run up , out of breath . child he get both chopper and the tractor ... I do not know how bad yet . garry ready he large .357 Magnum . macready no , wait a minute . ( to norris ) the fuse box . norris double - time down the hall . macready turn the corner and into the rec room . he grab one of the thick card table . macready return with the table to the hallway . blair ... can not you see ...? if one cell of this thing get out it could imitate every live thing on Earth . nothing could stop it ! nothing ! macready ( humoring ) look Blair , maybe you be right about this . but we have get to be rational . we have get to talk this over . I be unarm and I be come in . blair no , you be not ! I do not trust any of you ! norris reach the fuse box . he open it . hallway macready ready the table like a shield . macready if you be right we have all get to stick together . the light go out . macready charge into the black room . Blair fire . macready barrel into he , knock he to the ground . he pummel he with a right hand and manage to control the gun . the other dive in and pile on . CUT to : ext . compound heavily - clothed , macready , fuch and Dr. copper help a daze Blair to a toolsh some seventy - five yard from the main compound . int . toolshed more spacious than macready 's . very livable . two window . Blair have be place on the cot . Dr. copper inject he with a sedative . blair why be I here ? dr . copper it 's for you own protection , Blair . macready and mainly ours . ext . shack fuch and macready nail board over the window . macready leave a bit of a open so he can see out . Blair 's droopy -ey , heavily drugge feature loom up at macready through the window . macready how you doin ' , old boy ? blair ( softly ) I do not know who to trust . macready ( humoring ) know what you mean , Blair . trust be a tough thing to come by this day . just trust in the Lord . blair ( beat ) watch Clark . macready what ? blair watch he close . ask he why he do not kennel the dog . Blair 's face disappear from the window . CUT to : ext . compound - day harsh and grey . get very dark as winter take a stronger hold . benning be dump the trash in a large hole in the snow which act as the trash dump . benning finish and drag the empty bin past palmer and child , who be fix the wounded chopper . int . radio room the radio look a mess . norris and sanchez , a bandage wrap around he head , examine the damage . he be in pain and still look a little groggy . sanchez I will see what I can do . but they do not teach I much about fix this thing . norris smile and pat he comfortingly . norris they do not teach you much about work they either . int . mess hall - morning close on a buffet of egg , bacon , toast , etc . pull back . the man help themselves . it be a cramped , elongate room . Dr. copper approach naul and hand he a capsule . dr . copper put this in Blair 's juice before you take he he tray . Clark come run into the room , pallid , out of breath . the man turn to look . clark the dog ... CUT to : int . the kennel empty . Clark and garry examine the latch of the kennel door . garry do not look break . clark no. door be wide open . I know I latch it . ext . compound above the underground kennel close on the dog ' track in the snow . they lead from the kennel 's open stairwell and out onto the ice . all the man have gather . clark all three of they take off . macready be write down what appear to be a list on a pad . dr . copper how long do you suppose they have be go ? clark I have not see they since they last feed . could be as much as twenty - four hour . macready they could not have get that far in this weather . garry and several other turn to macready quizzically . garry you be not think of go after they , be you ? macready I be go after they . norris what in the hell for ? even if Blair 's right -- they will just die out there . no food . they be over a thousand mile from anything . palmer chopper be not go to be ready for day . macready hand he list to benning . macready get this thing out of supply and meet I over by the snowmobile . garry you be not go to catch they in one of that with the start they get . macready palmer , how long would it take you to strap that big four-cylinder carburetor on ? palmer ( grin ) oh , I get you . not too long . macready then get a move on . child , come with I . he put he arm around child and pull he along . the other watch they walk off , a little bewilder . garry ( shouting after they ) besides , what be you go to do when you catch up to they ? benning be read macready 's list . benning Holy shit . ( hand list to garry ) whatever he 's go to do , he be not fuck around . ext . outdoor work area - close on the barrel of the large torch . a fierce stream of flame burst from its nozzle . pull back . the stream have shot out some fifteen foot . child have be modify it . child I can get maybe another five or six foot out of it . macready that 's good enough . close on palmer as he work on the snowmobile . into frame roll a wheelbarrow on sleds . a box mark dynamite be its most prominent article . pull back . benning read off the list of supplies . benning all right ... box of dynamite ... box of thermite ... three shotgun ... box of flare ... two flare gun ... thirty can gasoline ... and a case of alcohol . macready let 's load them . ext . antarctica - icescape the two vehicle rip across the hard , flat ice , bolster by the add horsepower . they follow the still visible dog track in the snow . CUT to : the SUN slide across the horizon , signal midday . the snowmobile whoosh past . benning drive the one load with supplies . macready and child double up on the other . CUT to : macready steadying he binocular , while child drive , spot something up ahead . the vehicle slow down and come to a halt . something lie just ahead of they in the whiteness , in the middle of the dog track . the men kneel down by the " something . " it be the half - eat remain of a dog . its hind leg and lower stomach pick clean . its rip hide , flap in the wind . its top half miss . child what be it ? macready follow the line of continue dog track . macready maybe dinner . benning dog do not eat each other . macready ( beat ) I know . child where 's the other half ? macready probably the next meal . macready move to the snowmobile and grab a two - gallon can of gasoline . he turn to benning . macready where this track head ? benning nowhere ... just straight to the ocean . a beat as macready take this in . he pour the gas over the remain and set it aflame . macready let 's move . child and benning be not that anxious to continue . child they could be hour ahead of we , Mac . benning gonna get dark soon , too . suppose to be fifty below tonight . macready get on and revs up the engine . macready turn back if you want . child and benning return shrug . CUT to : the SUN make its last pass , roll off the horizon . only a slight orange hue leave . CUT to : the snowmobile move slower , position on either side of the track . the track abruptly change direction . the man come to a stop . it be much colder now . they beard , a mask of white powder . macready survey the new direction . they be head toward a far-off ridge of bluff . large , windswept mound of ice . CUT to : the snowmobile as they move through a valley of newly - form dune and tall ice cliff . the last of the sun obscure , the headlamps be turn on and point at the track . the man look behind , in front , and from side to side , as they proceed cautiously through the maze . up ahead macready spot : a dog it sit , its back to they , unconcern , heedless of they arrival . it be munch on the other half of the dog carcass . the man stop they machine some twenty yard from it . they be hemmed in at the valley 's narrowest point . child , carry the torch , and macready , armed with a thermite bomb , wade awkwardly but carefully toward the animal in they snowshoe . benning stand back by the snowmobile . child and macready spread out some dozen foot from the dog . it continue to pay they no mind , content to chew its food . child where 's the other one ? benning survey the top of the snow bluff that encircle they with he flashlight . macready ( to dog ) where 's you buddy , boy ? huh ? no response . macready search the near vicinity with he light . all three be grow uneasy . macready let that thing fly , child . do not let up until he 's ash . child turn on the gas and light the tip . benning be still watch the bluff . something from beneath the snow reach up and grab he foot . he be rip back down through the hard snow in one incredibly powerful motion . he scream , he head the only thing stick out of the ice . child and macready turn , confuse , unable to see anything be benning ' scream head . they rush toward he . macready stumble . the sound of a snap , a crackle to macready 's rear . he freeze ; turn back to the dog . its back be still to he ; its coat of hair stick up like that of a porcupine . it snarl ; its face turn slowly toward he . its skin split ; its mouth rip open wildly . macready child !! child stop , confuse as to who to help first . he notice the dog hunch and ready to spring . he step back toward macready . the dog / thing leap for macready ; a incredible jump of some twenty foot . child let loose a blast , hit the dog in midair ; the force of the spray knock it back and tumble to the ice in flame . macready throw he thermite canister . it discharge and engulf the screeching animal in fire . benning howling in pain . the ice underneath he thrashes violently . child and macready stand by helplessly , unable to see what have he or what action to take . child move closer to help . macready ( pull he back ) stay back !! benning ' head disappear with a sudden jerk through the ice . the ice continue to rumble like boil water , move in different direction . part of benning ' body pop up in a different area and be just as quickly pull back down . macready and child watch on in frustration and anger . child what we go to do ?! macready how the fuck do I know ?! benning ' head and shoulder then surface near one of the snowmobile . something have he . unclear as to what . the jowl of a dog . but huge . benning ' heavy clothing begin to rip , tear , as if he skin underneath be bulg out . the jowl seem to be absorb he head . macready run for the snowmobile . macready torch they !! child but ... macready he 's go already ! do it ! child blast away . the ice begin to melt as benning and whatever have he catch fire . a screeching . macready grab can of gas from the snowmobile . suddenly a steel - like , arachnid - shape arm shoot out in pain and with incredible force pierce the fiberglass chassis of the snowmobile . macready be knock back . he recover and dump can of gasoline on the writhe mess . he dive and roll away from the lung appendage . he and child watch on as benning and the thing roar in flame . behind they , the other dog / thing continue to burn . the screeching , mew and gurgle wail on , all about they . they look to each other in disbelief , they face illuminate by the flicker flame . the strident sound beginning to subside . the SUN its slim , orange arc set , signal the start of the vernal equinox . and the beginning of six month of darkness . CUT to : int . compound - rec room the man be interrogate Clark . he be frazzle and defensive . clark ... I be tell you I do not remember leave the kennel unlatch ... child be hold the industrial torch directly in he face . child bullshit ! you leave it open so they could get out ! ext . trash dump macready , waist - deep in trash and snow , search for something . int . rec room the interrogation continue . clark ... would I even have tell you they be go if I have anything to hide ? garry but why do not you kennel that dog right away ? clark I tell you I could not find ... ( push torch away ) ... get that out of my face . child grab he by the collar and rip he off he chair . child do not you be tell I ... naul step between they . naul ( to child ) lighten you load , sucker . you be not the judge and executioner around here ! child who you try to protect , mutherfucker ? I be tell you this s.o.b. could be one of they . garry break it up , pull they apart . macready enter from the outside . a bundle be tuck under he arm . garry hold on , damn it . we be get nowhere ... if this bit of Blair 's about absorb and imitate be true ... then that dog could have get to anybody . dr . copper and if it get to Clark ... Clark could have get to anybody . macready move over to the table . dr . copper theoretically any of we could be whatever the hell this thing be . norris shake he head , rub he chest in slight discomfort . norris it 's just too damn wild -- I can not believe it . macready push he sombrero back over he head . macready well , you can believe it now . he drop the bundle he have be hold on the table between the man . it be the shred pair of long john . macready naul find this yesterday . it 's rip just like the clothing on the norwegian we bring back . the same thing be happen to benning ' clothes when it get to he . seem this thing do not imitate clothes . just flesh and bone . the man look from one another . silence . macready pick it up and examine the label . macready size large . ( grin ) what do you wear , Clark ? Clark stew . clark so what ? norris I wear a size large , too . macready so do I . so do most of we . the uneasiness in the room grow . macready doubt if it get to more than one or two of we . but it get to someone . ( beat ) somebody in this room be not what he appear to be . a pause as all eye travel from man to man . sanchez ( scared ) well , what we go to do ? norris turn to Dr. copper and fuch . norris can there be ... some kind of test ? to find out who 's what ? dr . copper a serum test possibly . fuch right . why not ? garry what 's that ? dr . copper it 's a simple blood type test . this thing 's blood chemistry be different than ours . basically we mix someone 's blood with uncontaminated human blood . if we do not get the proper serum reaction -- then that person be not human . child whose uncontaminated blood we go to use ? dr . copper we have get blood plasma in storage . garry how long will it take you to prepare this ? dr . copper a couple of hour . garry well , get to it . garry unhinge a key from he belt and hand it to Dr. copper . Dr. copper and fuch head for the infirmary . palmer how 's that thing get to the dog ? I though we stop it in time . macready copper think they swallow piece of it during the fight . palmer and that be enough ? dr . copper ( o.s. ) garry . the rest of you ! come here ! int . infirmary the man rush in . fuch and copper stand by the open plasma storage refrigerator . the inside be a mess of dry blood . the bladder have be rip open . copper be ghastly pale . dr . copper somebody get to the blood ... sabotage it . naul oh , my God . a horrify silence . macready be it break into ? fuch no. somebody open it . close it . and then lock it . sanchez twitches , terrify . macready well , who 's get access to it ? dr . copper I guess I be the only one . garry and I have get the only key . several pair of eye turn to garry . macready would that test have work ? dr . copper I think so . norris somebody else sure as hell think so . macready who else could have use that key ? garry ah ... no one ... I give it to copper when he need it ... macready could anyone have get it from you ? dr . copper I do not see how ... when I be finish I return it right away . norris when be the last time you use it ? dr . copper ( uneasy ) a day or so ago ... I guess . garry sense the nervous and inquire eye on he . garry I suppose ... well , it 's possible someone might have lift it from I . but ... child that key ring of yours be always hook to you belt . now how could somebody get to it without you know ? garry ( upset , flustered ) look , I have not be near that ... that refrigerator . silence as the man continue to stare . sanchez be perspire . garry copper 's the only one who have any business with it . the eye shift from garry to copper . dr . copper now ... wait a second , garry , you have be in here on several occasion ... fuch and the Doc think of the test . child ( anger ) so what ?! be that suppose to leave he in the clear ?! bullshit ! sanchez bolt out the door . stun for a beat , the other chase after he . garry hey , sanchez ! sanchez in terror , run at top speed through the narrow corridor . open and shutting door . the other be in pursuit . they shout for he to stop . CUT to : sanchez as he reach a small armory . a glass case set into the wall . a half dozen rarely use gun be inside . he try the handle . lock . he hear the clamor of foot and voice as the other be near . he break the glass and grab a shotgun . then a box of shell . he frantically try to load , but be too nervous . the other arrive at the end of the hallway . garry pull he handgun and point . garry put that down ! sanchez ( tremble ) no . garry I will put this right through you head . no one doubt garry 's sincerity . sanchez you guy go to let he give order ? I mean he could be one of that thing . the other regard garry tensely . no one oblivious to the fact , that sanchez just might be right . macready ( calm ) put it away , sanchez . just put it away . still tremble , he toss the shell back into the break case , lean the gun against the wall and begin to sob . naul skate over to comfort he . the man watch as garry lower he gun . he turn to they . garry I do not know about copper . but I do not go near that plasma ... ( beat ) but I guess you will all rest easier if someone else be in charge . he hand he gun to norris . garry can not see anyone object to you , norris . norris sorry , gentleman ... ( rub chest ) ... do not think I would be up to it . have not be feel well lately . child go for the gun . child I will take it ... macready beat he to it . macready maybe it should be someone a bit more even-tempered , child . child glare . macready ( to other ) ... any objection ? roving eye pass about the hallway . nobody be sure who to trust . macready seem as good as any . int . rec room the man have gather to discuss plan . furtive and untrustworthy glance be pass around the room . macready ... from what we know this thing like to go one on one . so we stick together as much as possible . in two 's and three 's . child point to garry , Dr. copper and Clark . child what do we do about that three ? macready we get morphine , do not we . fuch nod . macready well , we keep they load . stash they here in the rec room and watch them twenty - four hour . palmer ( ear perk up ) morphine ? you know I be pretty close to that dog , too . palmer be ignore . norris we should sleep in shift . macready right . half of we awake at all time . sanchez how we go to try and find out who 's ... you know , who 's who ? macready ( to fuch ) can you think of any other test ? fuch I will try . I could sure use copper 's help though . child you can eighty - six that think right now , man . Dr. copper eye he accuser solemnly . macready also ... when this thing turn ... it turn slowly at first . I think we can handle it in that state . but if it ever get to full power ... from what I see of that norwegian camp ... well , I just do not know ... it would probably take it a hour or more to get like that . so no matter what anybody 's do , we all return to this room every twenty minute . anybody go longer than that ... anybody try to leave ... we kill them . CUT to : ext . compound - darkness it be the dead of winter . six month of darkness ahead . palmer fight the cold as he work dismantle the engine of the helicopter . he frown , search for something . palmer ( mumble ) where 's that magneto ? can not find a darn thing around here any more . int . rec room copper , Clark and garry sit moodily together on a couch . norris awkwardly prepare to give they they injection . he be new at this . child stand guard with he torch . Dr. copper offer to help . dr . copper I will do it . you be go to break the needle in my arm . child no , Doc . he 's do a real fine job . ext . compound macready and sanchez be forage through the trash dump . macready look for shoe , too . and burn cloth . int . radio room norris have begin dismantle the radio . he rub at he chest as he disengage the headset . int . hallway follow naul as he skate through the labyrinth . check waste bin . pause to look behind shelf and any obscure hide place . macready pass he come the other way . naul that thing 's too smart to be hide any more of its clothes , macready . macready just keep look . int . lab fuch be poring over a book . several other lie open on he desk . macready poke he head in the lab . macready how 's it go ? fuch nothing yet . but , macready , I have be think ... if we dog change by swallow part of that other one ... we better see to it that everyone prepare they own food and we eat out of can . macready gotchya . ext . compound a siren go off , signal the end of a twenty - minute period . sanchez pull himself out of the trash dump . palmer carry a large part of a helicopter engine toward the compound . int . compound the hallway near the supply storage cubicle . macready hold the door open as palmer make he way to he lug the heavy helicopter part . child pass by from the other direction . palmer child , where 's that magneto from chopper one ? child ai not it there ? he pass by . palmer no it be not there . would I be ask if it be there ? macready move it , palmer . int . supply storage room palmer set down the heavy part . norris follow he inside with a bundle of radio gear . they move back out into the hallway . macready lock the door behind they . hallway the three move down the hall toward they appoint rendezvous at the rec room . macready ( to palmer ) start take apart that snowmobile next , huh ? int . kitchen cramped . several of the man be prepare they food . open can . Heating they in pot . ext . compound naul wearily approach Blair 's tool shed with a tray of food . he hear a pound from within . naul I get you goody , superdude . he peek in through the open in the board - up window . Blair be nail himself in from the inside . he look pretty craze . naul what you doin ' ? blair nobody 's get in here . you can tell they all that ! naul well , who the hell you think want to get in there with you ? naul slide the tray in the slot . it be immediately shove back out and topple onto the ice . some of the food have splash on naul ' heavy coat . naul now why would you go and ... blair and I do not want any more food with sedative in it . I know what you be up to . do not think I do not . and if anyone try to get in here -- I have get rope . I will hang myself before it get to I . naul you promise ? naul pick up the tray , head back mumble . naul crazy white scientist motherfucker ... ext . compound palmer work on the snowmobile . sanchez resume search through the trash . int . balloon tower macready slashes into the huge uninflate weather balloon , rendering they useless . tank of helium and hydrogen be stack nearby . int . kitchen naul do the dish . his cassette play in the b.g. int . rec room child continue guard the three man . clark gotta go to the can , child . child follow he to the other end of the room . child be quick . Clark walk to the head . child move back to the middle of the room . as the guard he be much more vulnerable in this position . be split between he prisoner . the light begin to flicker . the soft purr of the generator begin to fade . child oh , no . the light go out . naul call from the kitchen . naul ( o.s. ) child ! that a fuse ? child no . the generator . you get the auxiliary box just off the kitchen . get to it . ( fumble around ) where 's the damn flashlight ? ( call out ) you fella okay over there ? Dr. copper giggle in the dark . child cut that out , copper. ( beat ) naul ? what 's take you ?! naul ( o.s. ) I be work it ! nothing 's happen ! child that 's impossible , man ! okay , Clark , out of the john where I can see you ! naul ( o.s. ) it 's short out or something ! child ( shouting ) Clark , you come on out here !! child light the tip of he torch , allow he a strong candlelight . garry be no longer in the room . child where 's ... where 's garry ? Dr. copper look numbly at the empty seat next to he . child find the portable siren and blare it . ext . compound macready , palmer and sanchez heed the call and head for the compound . int . rec room child jerk he head around in different direction . child where be you , garry ? do not you move a inch , copper. ( shout ) naul , bring I a goddamn flashlight ! int . kitchen pitch black . naul somebody 's take it . I can not find it ! child ( o.s. ) Clark , you want I to come in after you ?! int . hallway macready , sanchez and palmer come in from the outside . they bump into each other try to get they bearing from the lack of light . palmer , the only one who seem to have one , turn on he flashlight . macready ( shouting ) what 's happen ?! norris ( o.s. ) macready , that you ? macready yeah ! norris ( o.s. ) it 's the generator I think ! no power . macready ( to palmer ) well , let 's get down there . child ( o.s. ) macready ! macready what ? child ( o.s. ) garry 's miss ! macready ( to self ) oh , shit ! ( shout ) well , hang on ! child ( o.s. ) gee , thanks ! int . generator room palmer and macready stumbling down the stair . macready turn around , look . macready where 's sanchez ? both look around . sanchez be go . palmer 's light find the motionless generator . he examine it . palmer the fuel pump ... it 's go ... ( frantic ) you have get to get up to supply , mca . if we do not get this thing start soon , it will freeze on we and we will never get it go . macready dash upstairs into the darkness . int . hallway the lab door be open . fuch hold a small candle walk out . as he pass , the shoulder of a man spring into frame . int . generator room palmer be feverishly work underneath the generator on he back . int . rec room the temperature continue to drop rapidly . child swat himself to keep warm , while still keep a eye on Dr. copper and the rest of the room . int . hallway macready rush out of the supply room , with a fuel pump , bump into somebody . macready who ... who be that ? the silhouette move on down the hallway . macready sanchez ...? hey , who ... palmer ( o.s. ) Mac , where the hell be that pump !! CUT to : int . generator room macready hold the flashlight for palmer . they breath , puff of white smoke . palmer somebody definitely mess with it . macready we go to make it ? palmer hope so . another ten , fifteen minute . what I do not get be ... the sound of a screeching . from somewhere in the compound . the two men' face , lock in fear . CUT to : int . rec room the generator have be repair ; the light within the compound be back on . grim and tense . everyone be present but fuch . eye flit from man to man . palmer , naul and sanchez be spread out about the room , keep as much distance as possible from the rest . norris and child be tie the Doctor , Clark and garry to the couch . macready prepare several makeshift blowtorch as he kneel on the ground . sanchez where be the flashlight ? macready screw the flashlight . where the hell be you ? palmer ton of stuff 's be miss around here . magnetos , cable , wire ... naul Kitchen thing , too ... macready anybody see fuch ... or hear he ...? huh ? no answer as the men' face roam the room . child glare at garry as he begin to tie he in . child where would you go ? garry 's groggy feature stare blankly . child I say where ? where would you go ?! garry be dark ... find a light ... child you lie bastard ... garry struggle to he foot , affront . garry ( slurring ) I rather do not like you tone ... he grab child by the collar . child you sit back down ... child whale on he with a right hand . both go tumble over the couch . macready and norris dive in break it up . norris enough ... macready , furious , pull child away . norris breathe heavily from the activity , massage he chest . the strong , stormy wind overhead batter the roofing . macready glance up . he and child release each other . macready that storm 's go to start rip any minute -- so we do not have much time . he thrust one of the blowtorch hard into child ' stomach . macready we have get to find fuch . when we find he -- we kill he . sanchez why ? macready if he 's one of that thing , we have get to get to he before he change ... naul , you and child and I will check the outside shack ... he toss torch to sanchez and palmer . macready sanchez , you and palmer search the inside ... palmer I be not go with sanchez . sanchez snap he head toward palmer . palmer look at the other . palmer I be not go with he . I will go with child ... sanchez well , screw you , man ! palmer I be not go with you ! child well , who say I want you go with I ?! macready cut the bullshit ... okay , sanchez , you come with we . norris ... you stay here ... ( refer to tie - up man ) any of they move -- you fry them . and if you hear anything , anything at all you let loose the siren . we all meet back here in twenty minute regardless . ( a beat ) and everybody watch whoever you be with . Real close . the man survey each other . macready let 's move . CUT to : ext . compound - night macready and naul , wear they snowshoe and use flare for light , pull themselves along the steadying rope that lead to Blair 's shed . they be careful to keep a eye on each other as they move along . sanchez head off in the direction of another shack . CUT to : int . compound - hallway one of the many door creak open . child and palmer stealthily move into the next corridor . palmer fall a few step behind . palmer what would we ever do to this thing anyway ... child freeze and snap he head around face palmer . a beat . palmer what ? child do not walk behind I . another beat . palmer right . he move to the other side of the wall , parallel with child . they continue on , skim along the side of the corridor in plain view of one another . CUT to : ext . compound naul and macready arrive at Blair 's shack . they peer in through the space between the board . a weak light burn as Blair be seat eat out of a can . a hangman 's noose dangle from the ceiling nearby . macready hey , Blair !! Blair jump in fear , spilling he can . macready have fuch be out here ? Blair approach the board - up window . he look haggard and afraid . blair I have change my mind ... I would ... I would like to come back inside ... I do not want to stay out here any more ... funny thing ... I hear funny thing out here . macready have you come across fuch ? blair fuch ...? no , it 's not fuch ... you must let I back in ... I will not harm anyone ... I promise ... macready we will see ... he and naul trudge off . Blair shout after they . blair I promise ! I be much better now ! I will be good !! I be all better !! do not leave I here !! int . rec room norris continue he watch on the sedate trio . he anxiously try to keep a eye on the various entrance behind and in front of he . he rub he chest in pain . dr . copper I be get worried about you . you ought to have a checkup . norris let 's just not get worried about anything just now . dr . copper ( yawn ) after all this mess then . norris ( nodd ) after all this mess . ext . compound - the slope to macready shack the wind be thick and vicious now . macready and naul pull themselves along the rope fight they way up the slope . a violent gust send macready 's body horizontal , but still hang onto the rope . the wind slap he back down . his flare and torch tumble back toward naul . naul save the torch from roll down the hill . macready , lie vulnerable , watch naul pull he way toward he . he tense . naul reach he . a beat . he hand back he torch . relieved , macready pull himself upright . int . compound - kitchen - close on thick power cable that line the wall . they have be tear apart . child and palmer examine . palmer auxiliary light cable ...? be cut . child cut , bullshit . be pull apart . ext . macready shack as they reach the top . the remain flare they only light . very dark . they stand on either side of the door . macready shove it open . pitch black inside . macready flip the light switch . do not work . int . shack they enter . hunched . torch ready . the place be a mess . the wind as strong as on the outside . the single flare illuminate the ceiling . almost all of the corrugate , steel roofing be go . as if rip off . naul ( shouting to be hear ) where 's the roof ?! macready stare up incredulous , as they advance through the room . naul this storm do that ? macready ( shouting ) could not be possible . must have weight a ton and a half ... naul kick over a chair . a naked , fleshy object bound high into the air . naul thrust out he torch , catch the breast of the inflatable woman . she pop and be suck out through the hole in the roof . naul try to catch he breath . naul goddamn white woman . int . compound Underground , rickety corridor . palmer stand by as child undoe the many lock to the room that house he plant . one by one . palmer twist he head in every which direction . nervous . child pull open the heavy door . a flush of snow and wind push they back . they wedge they body at the entrance to the lightless room . child my baby . they enter . the light from the hall expose the completely smashed - in window high above the plant . the plant look freeze . palmer somebody break in . child now who would go and do ... sadden , angry , child go to check the damage to he plant . palmer , he face set in horror , yank he back . palmer child !! child let go of I ... palmer do not get near them . the plant ! they be alive . that thing can imitate anything ... child what 's it go to do , be a plant ? palmer ready he small torch . palmer we get to burn them . child now hold on , you dumb ... palmer spray they with flame . child push he to the ground , and try to swat out the fire . child you stupid , sonofa ... palmer , he mouth agape with terror , scream and point to the close door to they rear . child whirl . fuch one arm outstretch , swing into view . a ax , embed deep into he chest , pin he freeze body to the inside of the door . int . rec room norris startle by the scream , turn on the siren . CUT to : int . plant room sanchez have join child and palmer . the body of fuch be still pin to the door . sanchez try to wrench the ax loose . it be too deeply embed and will not budge . sanchez whoever put this through he ... sanchez observe child ' hulk frame and add pointedly : sanchez ... be one bad - ass and strong muther . child no one 's that strong , boy ! int . passageway track with the three man . open and close door , as they make they way back to the rec room . they keep they distance from each other , watch each other while they walk . palmer why do not it imitate fuch ? be not that its number -- to get more recruit . child be not enough time . generator be out , what ...? thirty minute . take the bastard a hour , maybe two to absorb somebody . sanchez why fuch ? child he be work on a test . fuch must have be onto something . this bastard get scared and get rid of he . ( suddenly realize ) ... hey ... where 's ... CUT to : int . compound - close on palmer' face shouting down a passageway . palmer macready !! close on child bellow . child naul !! macready !! ext . compound a strong driftwind stream snow across the ground obscure everything but the very top of the building . the siren scream . int . rec room rigid , immobile face . listen to the storm overhead . child how long they be out now ? norris forty ... forty - five minute . silence , as the uneasy eye measure one another . child we better start close off the outside hatchways . various angle of the compound child , sanchez and palmer -- close off and bolt the entrance to the camp . norris ( o.s. ) all of you ! come here ! int . compound MAIN hallway - point of view - the men through the fogge - up window , a figure can be see approach the main compound . it pull and drag its way along the guide rope , fight the gale force wind . CUT to : the men weapon in hand , huddle at the main doorway . they unbolt it . sleet and hail send naul roll in from the outside . the man force the door back and lock it . the weary naul kneel on the floor and gasp for air . the other surround he . palmer where 's macready ? naul weigh each of they ominously , while digging down underneath he heavy jacket . naul cut he loose of the line up by he shack . child cut he loose ? naul when we be up poke around he place ... I find this ... he pull out a thick bundle of heavy clothing . it be mutilate and partially burn . he hold out the jacket to show the inside collar . Close on name tag -- it read : r.j. macready the man , as they examine in a hush . naul ... it be stashed in he old coal furnace ... wind must have dislodge it ... I do not think he see I find it . the man continue to examine in various state of disbelief . naul ... make sure I get ahead of he on the towline on the way back ... cut he loose . sanchez ( incredulous ) macready ...? naul he 's one of they . sanchez ( scared ) when do you think it get to he ? palmer could have be anytime . anywhere . child ( to naul , suspicious ) if it do get to he . naul look , man ... palmer when the light go out ... norris would have be a perfect time ... palmer right . garry be miss ... ( pointedly ) ... and sanchez ... sanchez ( go for he ) fuck you , palmer . child and norris separate they . norris this be just what it want ... to pit we against each other . a pound at the door send the man jerk backward . naul scamper to he foot . they tense . macready ( o.s. ) open up ! no answer as the man surround the door , they weapon ready . fear . macready ( o.s. ) ... hey , somebody ! open up , it 's I , macready ... ( still nothing ) ... come on , damn it ... the towline snap . be crawl around like a seal out here ... naul ( harsh whisper ) bullshit ! he 's get to know damn well I cut it ! the man keep they voice low . palmer let 's open it . child Hell no . more pound . sanchez ( shaking ) you think he 's change into one of that thing ? norris he have not have enough time . child ... nothing human could have make it back here in this weather without a guideline ... macready ( o.s. ) ... where be everybody ?! I be half frostbit ! palmer let 's open it . now ... child ( edgy , hostile ) why you so damn anxious to let he in here ... palmer ( slightly tremble ) he 's so close . maybe we best chance to blow he away . child no . just let he freeze out there . sanchez ( voice crack ) what if we be wrong about he ? child then we be wrong . the muffle break of a window down the hall . the man turn . palmer the supply window ! sanchez ( terror ) what we go to ... norris all right ... all right ... we have get no choice now ... int . supply room pitch black . macready 's voice be hear cursing as he appear to be stumbling around , look for a light switch . he respond to the muffle voice at the door . macready what 's go on out there ? hallway palmer stand by as child try the knob . lock . child damn it , he 's get the key . child rip a nearby fire ax off the wall and begin hack away at the door . int . supply room macready what be you do ? child ( o.s. ) you be a dead man , macready -- or a dead whatever the hell you be ! macready begin to rummage through the supplies in the darkness . child ( o.s. ) we find you clothes -- the one you try to burn . macready what clothes ? child ( o.s. ) you be make , macready . child chop away . macready desperately continue rummage through the supplies . macready someone 's try to mark I , you bastard ... try to frame I . hallway child caution to palmer as he prepare for one last blow . child move in slow now . crunch . the door give . the man move in . they blow torch ready . they freeze . macready stand before they hold a light flare . his hair and clothing be cover with snow ; he cheek and nose blacken by frostbite . tucked under he arm be a entire box of dynamite . he hold the flare dangerously close to the open box . macready anyone mess with I -- the whole camp go . he appear to mean it . they do not seem anxious to test he . macready put that torch on the floor and back off . they do . he follow they out into the hall . hallway the man step backwards carefully . macready ... back way off . they heed , retreate further down the hall . macready glance behind he . macready ... where 's the rest ... naul and norris , who have silently creep in through the supply window , come fly through the hack - up door and barrel into macready . both go straight for the flare . macready spin naul off and rip into norris , send he crash violently into the wall . naul tackle macready 's leg , pull he to the floor . the other rush he . macready , still in control of the dynamite and flare , bellow : macready so help I I mean it !! they skid to a halt . naul crawl away , quickly . naul it 's cool , man . we be not near you , man ... stay cool ... palmer yeah , man , really . just relax . macready anybody touch I ... we go . norris , lie on the floor , cough as if gasp for breath . he quiver for a moment and then be still . naul crawl over to he and shake he . a beat . naul I do not think he 's breathe . naul listen to norris ' chest . macready stand . macready go untie the Doc . get he in here . bring the other , too ... ( grin menacingly ) from now on no one get out of my sight . CUT to : int . infirmary norris ' body be plopped on the examination table . copper stumble and be steady by some of the man . macready continue to keep he distance . copper place a oxygen mask over norris ' face . he then rip open he shirt . macready so you sweetheart have yourselves a little trial . I just may have to kill you on general principle , naul . copper begin swathing norris ' chest with a gelatin substance . macready ... ever occur to the jury that anybody could have get to some of my clothes and stick they up ... child we be not buy that . dr . copper damn it , quit the bicker and give I a hand . wheel that fibrillator over here . sanchez push over the portable fibrillator . copper climb up on the table and straddle norris ' chest . unnotice , Clark paw the content of the instrument tray behind he back . dr . copper palmer , turn on that oxygen and hold the mask over he face ... child , grab he shoulder . they do so . copper hold electrical prong over norris ' chest . child ( to macready , threaten ) you be go to have to sleep sometime . dr . copper quiet down ... ( to sanchez ) ... turn that thing on . sanchez depress the " on " button . dr . copper now hold he . macready I be a real light sleeper , child ... dr . copper enough , macready ! Dr. copper press the prong onto norris ' chest and shoot a bolt of current . norris ' body heave upward . a slight crackle sound and a odd chirp through the oxygen mask . dr . copper again ... more current this time , sanchez ... buzzz . several more jolt from the prong . Clark 's hand have find a scalpel . he gently lift it out , bring it to he side . macready and if anyone try to wake I ... dr . copper damn you , macready ! norris ' body begin bound up . more crackle and pop . his chest begin to break up and spread . the mask pop off -- a hideous mew escape from norris ' distort mouth . the man jump back , incredulous . Dr. copper scramble off he chest and flop to the floor . sanchez God ... what ...? they watch on in stunne horror as the thing that be norris begin to change , to spread awkwardly on the slab . its clothes tear . a shoe split in half and fall to the floor , expose the beginning of a talon . macready charge toward it , shooing the man off . macready get out of the way !! he unload with a stream of flame . the body writhes in pain , belching and hiss . the slab catch fire . it struggle , lunge for the floor , straighten up , and move a few foot . a black and yellow substance rip through its trousers and squirt to the floor . norris ' body collapse on the fibrillate machine in flame . extinguishers be rip from the wall and put to work . macready watch the smoking particle of ooze in fascination , as they twitch and meew on the floor . within second the fire be out . the man stand around in awe as they look upon the thing that be once norris . macready continue to observe the small particle . they tiny squeal abate into silence . int . rec room macready , still carry the industrial torch , have maneuver all the man into the room . he hold garry 's .44 . he have untape the explosive from he chest and laid they on the nearby table next to two more box of dynamite . clark what you get in mind , macready ? macready a little test . palmer what kind of test ? macready I be sure a lot of you already know . he toss a ream of steel cable and some rope to palmer . macready palmer , you and copper tie everyone down . Real tight . child what for ? macready for you health . garry ( to other ) let 's rush he . he 's not go to blow we all up . macready damn if I will not . child ( a beat ) you be not tie I up . macready then I will have to kill you . child then kill I . macready point the .44 at child ' head . macready I mean it . macready cock he gun . child hold he ground . child I guess you do . a beat . Clark spring for macready . scalpel raise . macready spin and fire three shot , point-blank , the force of the charge send Clark fly backwards . the other , themselves about to pounce , stop -- as macready whirl the torch and gun back toward they . CUT to : the men be tie securely to couch and chair . macready tie up Clark , too . palmer ( bemuse ) he 's dead . macready norris look pretty dead , himself . bullet do not kill this thing . macready turn on a bunsen burner while he cut the rubber cover off a electrical cord , expose the copper wire . all the while , he keep he eye on the man . child ( mutter ) we should have jump he ass . macready now copper , you tie palmer up . copper start to tie palmer to the small couch next to child and garry . macready we be go to draw a little bit of everybody 's blood . naul what be you go to do ? drink it ? macready watch norris in there ... give I the idea that maybe every part of you bastard be a whole . every piece of you be self - sufficient , a animal unto itself . when a man bleed it 's just tissue . but blood from one of you thing will not obey . it 's a newly form individual with a build - in desire to protect its own life . when attack , you blood will try and survive -- and crawl away from a hot needle say . CUT to : sanchez grimace as Dr. copper pinch a scalpel to he thumb and collect a small portion of he blood in a dish . all the man have be tie up . palmer , child and garry on the small couch . the other , include the lifeless corpse of Clark , in chair . copper return the plate to the table and set it down in line with the other plate of blood that he have collect . the name of each man have be scribble onto the plate . macready slide the Doctor a fresh plate . macready now you . copper cut he thumb , he blood dribble onto the plate . he stand nervously for a beat . macready slide it back here . copper push it toward macready . macready now step way back . copper step backward , moisture beginning to collect on he brow . macready begin to heat the copper wire over the bunsen burner . the man watch intently . the wire begin to glow . macready point the torch directly at the Doctor . both of they perspire . macready lift the glow wire from the flame . the Doctor be dead still . macready slowly touch the wire to the Doctor 's plate . a soft hiss . macready heat it again and try once more . the same soft hiss . macready and the Doctor both let out a sigh . macready I guess you be okay . dr . copper ( shake , facetious ) thank you . macready I do not think you would use that fibrillator on norris if you be one of they . he hand copper the torch . macready watch they . he cut himself with the scalpel and begin collect he own blood . macready now I will show you what I already know . he heat the wire and put it to he plate . the same harmless hiss . all eye continue to watch as he try again . the same result . child mumble . child load of bullshit . macready we will see . let 's try Clark . he heat the wire and lay it in Clark 's dish . the hiss . child so Clark be human , huh ? macready nod . child so that make you a murderer . macready glance over the group . macready palmer now . he set palmer 's plate in front of he and heat the wire . garry pure nonsense . this will not prove a damn thing . macready think you would feel that way , garry . you be the only one who could have get to that blood plasma ... ( place the wire in palmer 's dish ) ... we will do you last ... screech !!! the blood howl , try to crawl off the plate . palmer bolt forward with incredible force , racing for macready ; he face split ; he mouth roaring -- drag the couch , child and garry with he . he smashes into macready knock he over the table . macready copper !! it 's all happen too fast . copper try to get off a burst of flame . the ever-chang palmer break he bond and leap on the Doctor . the other sit helpless , struggle at they binding . macready dive on palmer 's back and the three go roll to the floor . screech . crackle . macready pound viciously at palmer 's head . a powerful , shirt - split arm send he skid across the floor . copper momentarily have control of the torch . just as he position it , palmer 's mouth split from he chin to he forehead and engulf the entirety of the Doctor 's head . the big torch slap against the wall . palmer bound to he foot , wrapping he arm around the dangle , struggle body of Dr. copper . the man be scream hysterically . macready try to fire up the bruise torch . busted . wo not work . frustrate , he charge up behind palmer and begin hammer the thick steel instrument over he head . the shirt of palmer 's back erupt in macready 's face . split and rip wildly , expose the beginning of yet another orifice . a blacken , iron-strong tongue lunge outward . stun , macready manage to elude it , diving for the top of the table by the box of dynamite . macready light the fuse of a thick roll and bound from the table . palmer awkwardly spin in circle , swinging the Doctor 's body like a propeller blade , struggle to keep on balance , as he advance on macready . the second orifice , spitting and snarling as it continue to take form . macready wait until palmer 's back spin around , face he . only two yard away , macready fling he light roll into the ever-evolve second mouth and leap onto the couch cover child and garry with he body . a muffle boom , as the swallow explosive ignites from deep within palmer and send he flesh splattering all over the room . macready roll away from child and garry as fast as he can . CUT to : macready perspire profusely , he hand tremble slightly , prepare to continue the test . he heat the wire . the man be pour sweat , white - knuckle . one of the smaller torch be point at naul . he close he eye . macready place the heat wire into he plate . hiss . macready exhales . naul open he eye . macready unty naul with one hand , while the torch stay glue to the other . macready heat the wire once again . both he and naul have torch aim at sanchez . sanchez be near tear . the wire be dip into the plate ... hisssss . sanchez break down and sob . child sit stoicly , while he watch the preparation for he turn . child let 's do it , bwana . naul and sanchez take aim five yard away . fierce , determine . the wire come off the flame into the plate ... the harmless hiss . the muscle in child ' face melt into a sigh . child muthafu ... all eye snap towards station manager garry . child , suddenly realize who he be sit next to , squirm . child get I ... get I the hell away from ... cut I loose , damn it ! naul rip away he binding . the other two stand guard . child scramble off the couch and onto the floor . garry stare grimly ahead . child soak he clothing with a can of gasoline . he be then surround . the room tense , adrenalin pump , breathe halt . the burner . the torch . the wire . the plate . garry 's face . hisssss . macready try again . hiss . the man breathe . they torch be lower . naul throw he on the floor . sanchez and child flop down in chair . macready wipe he face . a long silence . sanchez weep quietly with relief . garry I know you gentleman have be through a lot . but when you find the time ... I would rather not spend the rest of the winter tie to this couch . a beat . child start to giggle . the strain on macready 's jaw begin to lessen . garry sit catatonic . naul scowl at child ' uncontrollable laughter . the infectious rasp cause macready a slight smile as he look up , take comfort in the sound of the raging Antarctic wind vibrate the roof . naul , untying garry , grumble , at child . naul shut the damn hell up . child wipe he eye and grin over toward macready . his smile fade , macready be now stone - face . child ' grin go stale , in sudden realization . macready ( almost a whisper ) Blair ... ext . compound - night the wind rumble . the storm be at its peak . macready , child and naul , guide by they flare , pull themselves along the steadying rope , head , for Blair 's shack . blair' shack the door be wide open . they pause by the entrance , try to balance against the wind . they enter . int . blair' shack empty . a few of the floorboard be loosen . they pull they up . they stare down into a large hole beneath the planking . something be down there . they pull up more board . the hole be some fifteen foot deep . its dimension be the same as the shack . its space be almost completely take up by some strange metallic object . crudely fashioned , a patchwork job , but streamline . sheet of corrugate steel be visible ; but cut apart and weld into the desire shape . the object appear to be unfinish . naul what be it ? macready everything that 's be miss . child spaceship of some kind . macready smart s.o.b . he put it together piece by piece . naul where be he try to go ? macready anyplace but here . macready pull out a dozen tightly wrap stick of dynamite . macready but he be not go to make it . Far off , amidst the howling gale -- the screeching . the man jump . macready light the fuse , as they make it to the exit . he toss it in . ext . compound along the rope the explosion echoe behind they . the man pull along . they head jerk in circle , search into the blackness . some twenty yard to they rear something swooshes down , sever the line . the wind send the man tumble along the ice . child loosen the line and be blow away , roll out of sight . macready and naul have lose they torch . they pull feverishly along the ground try to make it to the compound . the screeching close in behind they . macready lose he grip on the rope and be blow toward the main building . he crawl along look for a open . naul slide near the outside entrance to the dog kennel . he climb down through the open stairwell . int . plant room macready have find the break window . he roll through it , landing on the freeze plant below . something smashes at the glass above he head , try to get in . he sprint for the door . fuch ' freeze body be still pin to it with the ax . macready grapples with the stiff torso which block the knob . he finally get it open and let himself out , slamm and lock the door from the hall . fuch ' body swing eerily , back and forth . int . hallway macready charge up the stair from the plant room . he zoom down the twist corridor , open and close door . he round a bend and crash into naul come the other way . CUT to : int . rec room - close on sanchez pour gasoline into empty bottle , prepare molotov cocktail . garry be connect a electrical device : wire attach to two portable generator . macready appear to be inject something into empty contact capsule . the man work feverishly . naul rush in with another box of dynamite . naul what about child ? macready forget about child . he 's over . naul begin cut the wick off the dynamite . garry make them short . they will go off quick if we need to use they . the wind belt into the roofing overhead . garry set the wiring to the main doorway . macready begin block off one of the other entrance with a large computer . sanchez what if it do not come ? macready it will come . it need we . we be the only thing leave to imitate ... ( to sanchez ) give I a hand . they block off a door with two heavy electrical game . macready ( to sanchez ) you and naul get to block off the west side bunk , the mess hall and the kitchen . naul ( protest ) you crazy ? he might be inside already ? macready chance we get to take . we get to force he to come down the east side to the door we get rig . naul start lace he skate . sanchez he might just wait we out . macready I be go to blow the generator when you get back . he will have to come for we -- or freeze . macready further barricade the door with small couch . macready we have get portable heater -- we will last longer . sanchez and naul start to leave . macready ... hold it . he dispense the capsule . macready sodium cyanide . we place they between we cheek and gum ... this thing can not imitate anything that 's dead . a grim silence . macready if it get a hold of you -- bite down ... they be suppose to be fast and painless ... now move . CUT to : int . corridor sanchez and naul inch they way through . int . rec room macready rip linen , soak the strip in gas , and stuff they in the molotov bottle . garry test the current on the door . pop , spark , smoke . macready look good . garry one thousand volt . should be enough . int . kitchen naul push a stove , reinforce a lock door . five yard away , sanchez maneuver the refrigerator in front of another outlet . sanchez hear a quiet purring , bubbling sound . he turn to naul . sanchez you hear that ? naul hear what ? a blaring . they whip they attention to stereo speaker on either side of the kitchen . rock music scream out . top volume . int . rec room the same loud music . macready and garry look to the three speaker attach to the wall . macready yell he incomprehension to garry . garry try to respond . they voice drown out . int . hallway empty . another of the stereo speaker that line the wall , thunder . int . kitchen naul , in sudden realization , scream over the din and point back in the direction they come . naul it 's get into the pub ! it 's turn on the stereo ! sanchez what ?! naul it 's in between we and they !! how we go to get back ?! sanchez I can not hear you . int . rec room macready , cursing , rip the speaker off the wall . macready what be they do out there ?! the music be now subdued within the room , but continue booming throughout the camp . naul ' scream can be barely hear . garry what 's he say ? int . kitchen - naul at the top of he lung ... naul macready ! we be cut off !! a sharp , red , talon - like fingernail , pierce the top of the door above naul ' head . it saw downward , quickly . Black goo drip through the slit . the saw obscure by the music . sanchez , eye bulg , point . naul turn . a claw rip through the wood . naul dive to the floor . in the opposite direction , behind sanchez , another arm split through the door and the refrigerator , extend itself five foot and yank sanchez back as if he be a puppet . sanchez struggle , look imploringly at naul . he bite down on he capsule . naul take off like a speed skater . int . rec room the sound of the screeching over the music . macready get to get to the generator . he open the door . look down the hall . no one . the speaker -- blaring music . naul full speed down the maze . left. right . totally reckless . he hit a straightaway . sanchen' body from out of nowhere , blast through the hallway wall , directly in naul ' path . a thick arm pin the body to the other side . unable to stop , naul skid out of control , bang into the side of the wall , he cyanide capsule fly out of he mouth . whatever the rest of it be , it start to crumble through the wall . naul dive over the arm , somersault to he foot and take off . int . MAIN hall macready , run , spot naul careen out of a turn , head toward he . naul get back !! macready the generator ! naul screw the generator !! naul blaze by he . macready hear the snarl and screech head he way . he streak after naul . int . rec room they make it in . lock the door ... macready try to catch he breath . naul shake , pants . naul get sanchez ... World War Three would not mess with this fucker ... can go through wall ... and it 's like all over the place ... macready calm down and get in you position . naul position , my ass ... garry fiddle with the two generator . garry I be go to bump this up , much as I can . naul Boulder dam might do it . the loud music in the compound be turn off . macready shut off the light . the man spread out . silence . CUT to : int . rec room the man watch all the door . Dead silence . dark. whisper . garry how long 's it be ? macready Little over two hour . naul maybe it be not come . macready then we go after he . naul Bet the last place you ever go . the sound of a door open and close . Far off . another creak door be open . a rustling . still far off . macready and naul spread further apart . the soft bubbling , cool sound . a slight scratch at the door . garry 's hand tighten around the generator switch . the scratch get more pronounce . macready caution garry with a whisper . macready wait ... the door begin to pound from the outside . naul and macready light two cocktail each . the door boom . the room 's foundation shake . the ceiling quiver . the gas bomb be cocked . from the roof the thing roar down into they midst . stun , the man stumble back . macready throw he gas bomb . naul the same . for a moment it stand silhouett in flame . enormous . grotesque . garry bolt for the main door . the thing 's tongue spiral from he mouth and spear he . the good two - third of its body follow its tongue and engulf garry by the door . another leg slap naul to the ground . macready dodge still another appendage , dive on the generator and throw the switch . the current rip through the door . garry die instantly . one of the thing 's talon , still catch in the door , send it writhe in pain . it literally rip the door from its latching and pound it to the ground , try to shake it loose . naul , hobble , scramble , out of the open . macready dive through the window and out into the storm . CUT to : int . compound - hall the distant sound of a motor . naul , batter and bloody , he leg apparently break , crawl along the ground . another sound , a bubbling and gurgle be hear well to he rear . but close . the terror force he to drag faster , oblivious to the pain . he reach the bathroom stall . crawl in . lock it . the gurgle near . lean on the toilet seat , he look about himself , frantically . the presence pause at the door . a scratch . naul paw , rip at a crack and weathered slab of wood , cut he finger as he try to break it off the siding . a strong blow begin to breach the stall door . naul finally unhinge the piece of wood , bring the jag end to one side of he throat and rip ... int . lab wall the motorize rumbling near . the wall seem to explode . the tractor barrel into the lab . its enormous shovel scooper tear half the room to shred . macready drive . his eye glint like a wild man' ; he look stark rave mad . his frostbite , now in a advanced stage , resemble black war paint . he clenches a stick of dynamite between he tooth , like a buccaneer 's cutlass . two large , compress air tank have be tie together at the top and be drape around he neck . they be mark -- hydrogen . they be use for the weather balloon . he pull the tractor to a stop , yank the stick from he mouth , grin and bellow . macready okay , creep ! just you and I now ! be on you toe ! we be go to do a little remodeling ! macready gun it through the next wall and into the infirmary . Medical equipment go fly . the machine be powerful ; the prefabricate wall buckle under its force . int . compound a trail of viscous yellow ooze lead around a bend . boom . macready ram into the mess hall , sweeping away table , chair . he sing out loud the lyric of some mexican song . all the while he keep he eye on everything . through the kitchen . the foundation be crumble . he sing on . narrow passageway gurgle and hiss . a talone arm slink around a corner in retreat . macready ( o.s. ) chime in if you know that word , old boy . macready plow through several more room before end up in the pub area . he back it up and retrieve a bottle of liquor from the bar . macready you like whiskey ? come on , join I for a drink . be good for you . grow fang on you chest . he take a drink and ram through another wall . int . rec room the tractor blaze into the rec room . macready park it directly in front of the hole in the roof , create by the thing when it surprised they earlier . macready damn it , run out of gas . he pull off the heavy hydrogen tank and drape they over the tractor . as he talk he eye move like a hawk pass from roof , to doorway , to rubble . wind and ice bristle through the gape hole , sting macready with the cold . he wince at he mittenless , blacken finger . macready sweetheart , it 's go to get mighty cold in here soon ... you better make you move ... I mean , hell , I be only one person ... he take a swig from he bottle . macready I know you be bugge because we ruin you trip , right ? spiffy little toy you have there . a slight tremor perk he eye and ear . he look up through the hole , then around . he light a lighter and cup it in he hand near the stick of dynamite in he lap . macready but you real hang up be you look ... a stronger tremor . the adrenalin pump . macready ( want he bad ) Atta boy . I know you be around . the floor shake . macready stand , he head whirling around the room . macready come on , sucker . the tractor inch up off the ground . macready fall forward and look straight down through the chassis and into the vile and grin face below . a claw flash up , split the steering wheel but miss he face . he depress the ignition , bolt the tractor ten foot . he jump , hang onto the edge of the hole in the ceiling . the thing 's face and arm burst through the metal plate of the tractor . the reach claw just miss he as he pull himself through . ext . roof he light he fuse , drop in the stick , turn and run . half of the thing 's grotesque and angular torso bolt up through the hole , howling in fury . a appendage spring outward and wind around macready 's jacket , hiss like acid into the fabric . a immense explosion . the hydrogen tank send a white fireball fifty foot into the sky . the thing 's body disintegrate almost immediately . the force of the blast sweep macready off the roof . he and the severe appendage crash to the hard ice in flame . he roll over and over try to smother the fire and tear off the insidious limb . CUT to : int . camp a ruin . one half of it burnt almost to the ground . macready wear a thick blanket which cover he like a shroud , from he shoulder to the floor . he walk bent over and in much pain , try to blunt patch of fire with a extinguisher . it be futile . he give up . CUT to : int . pub area mostly untouched by the fire , but like most of the rest of the camp , expose to the outside . the storm have settle considerably . close on macready lighting a cigar . his hand be heavily wrap . he pour himself a drink . a puffy white hand , miss two finger , enter the frame and whirl a startle macready around . it be child . White and black blotches cover he frostbitten face . child do you kill it ? he look as weak as macready . a beat . macready I think so . child what do you mean " you think so ? " both man speak guardedly and stare at each other suspiciously . macready yeah . I get it . ( refer to child ' condition ) pretty mean frostbite . child step back , keep he distance . he indicate he puffy white hand . child it will turn black again soon enough . then I guess I will be lose the whole thing ... ( refer to foot ) ... think my toe be already go . macready , carry the bottle and glass , limp over and sit down behind a game table . there be a chess set and several deck of card . the two man continue to eye each other . child so you be the only one who make it . macready begin set up a non-electronic chessboard . macready not the only one . child the fire 's get the temperature way up all over camp ... will not last long though . macready neither will we . child maybe we should try and fix the radio ... try and get some help . macready maybe we should not . child then we will never make it . macready puff on he cigar . he reveal a small blowtorch from under the table and place it beside he on top . macready maybe we should not make it . child ( beat ) if you be worried about anything , let 's take that blood test of yours . macready if we have get any surprise for each other -- we should not be in any condition to do anything about it . ( beat ) you play chess ? they regard each other for a moment . child painfully sit down across from macready . child I guess I will be learn . macready grin and hand the bottle to child . child smile back and take a healthy swig . ext . compound - night the fire smolder on . Bright ember dance in the blackness -- push by the soughing wind . fade out : the end