the bourne supremacy compile from draft date 7/11/03 9/17/03 10/13/03 by tony gilroy date 11/14/03 11/19/03 by Brian helgeland base on the novel by Robert ludlum and the 2002 universal Film " the bourne Identity " GREEN : yellow : pink : blue : white : 1/13/04 12/11/03 11/27/03 10/13/03 9/17/03 for educational purpose only Al a2 ext . mercede windshield -- dusk 1 it 's raining ... Light strobe across the wet glass at a rhythmic pace ... suddenly -- through the window a face -- jason bourne -- riding in the backseat -- he gaze fix . int . mercede -- night Al on he knee -- a syringe and a gun -- the eye of the driver , jarda , watch -- bourne's Pov -- the passenger -- back of he head -- cell phone ring -- the head turn -- it 's conklin -- bourne return he stare ... CUT to -- int . cottage bedroom -- night 2 bourne's eye OPEN ! -- panicked -- gasp -- try to stay quiet -- marie sleep . int . cottage live area / bathroom -- night a2 bourne move for the medicine cabinet . dig through the medicine cabinet . downs something specific . int . / ext . cottage live room / veranda -- night 3 one minute later . bourne move out onto the veranda . marie pad in . watch he for a moment . concerned . clearly it 's not the first time this have happen . they both look different than last we see they ; he hair be longer . she 's a blonde . hippie traveler . they cottage be humble but sweet . the bedroom open to a beach and a town just down the hill . club music from some all night rave wafting in from the far distance . marie where be you , Jason ? bourne in the car . conklin up front . marie I will get the book . bourne no . there 's nothing new . marie you be sure ? ( he nod ) we should still -- we should write it down . bourne two year we be scribbling in a notebook -- marie -- it have not be two year -- bourne -- it 's always bad and it 's never anything but bit and piece anyway ! ( she 's go quiet ) you ever think that maybe it 's just make it worse ? you do not wonder that ? she lay she hand on he shoulder , steady he . marie we write they down because sooner or later you be go to remember something good . bourne ( soften ) I do remember something good . all the time . I remember you . she smile . kiss he . lead he back in . int . cottage bedroom -- night 4 marie get bourne into the bed . turn down the light . get he settle . wait for that pill to kick in . what would he do without she ? bourne I be try , Marie , okay ? marie I worry when you get like this . ee ek * bourne it 's just a nightmare . marie I do not mean that . I worry when you try to ignore it . he hesitates . but that get he . he know she 's right . and with that open , he 's let go . resistance fold . almost childlike . she 's gather he in . he 's let she do it ... marie ( cont 'd ) sleep . sleep now . bourne I should be better by now . marie you be better . and I think it 's not memory at all . it 's just a dream you keep have over and over . bourne but it end up the same . marie one day it will be different . it just take time . ( beat ) we will make new memory . you and I . silence . she stroke he face . he give in to she tenderness . he 's fade . two waif in the dark . dissolve to : ext . beach -- goa / beachtown -- day 5 bourne run in the sun . a punish pace along the sand . move strong . effortless . deep into it . focus . the stun conjunction of sun and scenery be lose on he . ext . outdoor market -- goa / beachtown -- day 6 a busy market town . fishing town . hippie town . lot of young western face . rundown and happen at the same time . marie shopping . fill a bag with local produce . ext . road -- goa / beachtown -- day 7 bourne still run , leave the beach behind . int . cottage kitchen -- day 8 marie back from the market , put the grocery away . almost do , when she stop for a moment -- a photograph . there on the windowsill . a snapshot . Jason and Marie on a beach . her arm around he . as if she be the protector . Big smile . young. alive . in love . marie smile . ext . MAIN STREET -- goa / beachtown -- day 9 funky busy . Colonial facade in vivid , sub-continental technicolor . loud morning traffic . camera find bourne come out of a store with a big bottle of water . he 's just finish he run . stand there , chugge away , check the scene , when something catch he eye -- he Pov the STREET . a silver car -- something newish -- pull down the block -- can not quite see who 's drive , but -- back to bourne watch this silver car . so serious he 's casual . nobody pass would notice , but we do : he 's on alert . moving with he as bourne follow the silver car on foot -- natural -- cruise the busy sidewalk -- blend into the mix -- chugge on that water bottle and -- up_ahead the silver car make the corner and turn now -- back to bourne slow as he reach the corner -- 10 11 12 he Pov the silver car have park . there 's a guy -- well - dress -- casual -- physical -- sunglass -- call he kirill -- he 's out of the car and head across the street toward a building there . a telegraph office . back to bourne check he watch . the car . the guy . perimeter . int . telegraph office / goa -- day 10 mr . mohan at he desk . he 's a crisp , proper man of fifty . he 's just be hand something -- a photograph of marie -- a old passport picture . mr . mohan and you question , sir ? kirill across the desk . kirill she 's my sister . there 's be a death in the family . this be the last place we know she call from . int . cottage -- day 11 a note on the table : " I 'm at the beach " bourne have just come in -- just read the note -- balling it quickly . in fact , everything be quickly now , because -- bourne be bail . fast . calm . methodical . some exfil procedure that he 's hone and choreograph . pack like a machine -- rapid time cut -- backpack throw open on the bed . -- house cash pull from a lamp base . -- credit card tape under the counter . ext . MAIN STREET / bank goa / beach town -- day 12 kirill come out of the bank . Mission accomplish . head back to the silver car . get in and -- 13 14 15 al6 16 17 18 18a int . silver car -- day ( cont 13 kirill start it up . glancing around nice and easy . he 's cool . put the car into gear , he make a slow pass * through the marketplace . eye everywhere . * deleted 14 * int . cottage -- day 15 bourne -- do -- the place be stripped -- pull on the backpack -- glance around -- one last thing -- shit , he almost miss it -- the photograph -- the one of he and Marie on the beach -- the one we see she look at earlier -- there it be on the windowsill -- jam it into he pocket and -- ext . side STREET / parking area -- goa / beachtown -- day a16 * kirill now park and out of the car -- on the move -- on * foot -- he begin a sweep of the beach . * ext . cottage back door -- yard / alley -- day ( cont ) 16 bourne out the back -- jogging -- keep low -- into the neighborhood -- through the alley -- nothing random about it , this have all be work out and -- deleted 17 * ext . beach -- goa / beachtown -- day 18 * crowd with tourist -- sunbather -- marie at she favorite spot . talk with two women , laugh with they - - happy . ext . beach / parking area -- goa -- day 18a * a burly jeep come roaring up . bourne spot the silver * car , park at the other end -- take off towards the beach . * 19 20 21 22 ext . beach -- goa -- day 19 kirill methodically make he way up the beach -- check every blue tent -- every towel . ext . beach -- goa -- day 20 bourne come up the beach the opposite way -- one eye on kirill , one eye on marie . he arrive just as kirill look up and see they a hundred yard away -- a hard stare between they -- bourne bend down -- bourne we gotta go , Marie . we gotta go , now . from the tone of he voice , she know it 's serious . Marie grab she bag . a quick goodbye to the friend . they hurry off . bourne use the sunbather as cover . kirill retreat . ext . beach / parking lot -- goa -- day 21 they reach the jeep -- she know the drill -- bag toss in the back -- even as the Jeep pull away and -- int . jeep -- day ( cont 22 bourne drive . marie beside he -- bourne we be blow . she hesitates . one minute ago everything be fine . marie no ... how ? bourne the telegraph office . marie but we be so careful . bourne we push it . we get lazy . ee ek 23 ext . beach / parking lot -- goa / beachtown -- day 23 kirill already back at the silver car -- follow they out onto the MAIN STREET -- block by the local traffic -- pull a huge automatic pistol out from he travel bag . 24 ext . beachtown alley / off MAIN STREET -- day 24 the jeep pull down this narrow little passageway and -- bourne's windshield Pov MAIN STREET pack with traffic and -- back to bourne not like this . eye all over -- try to decide . marie but you be sure ? bourne he be at the campground yesterday . marie so ... bourne it 's wrong . guy with a rental car and hundred dollar sneaker sleep in a tent ? try to decide whether to pull out or back up -- marie that 's crazy . bourne no. not this . this be real . ( suddenly ) and he 's right there ... ( throw the car into reverse ) marie where -- bourne back there -- at the corner -- Hyundai -- silver -- * 25 26 27 28 int . hyundai -- day ( cont 25 kirill trap in some Main Street gridlock . glancing back for a way out -- freezing suddenly , because there -- he Pov -- the jeep -- the alley -- right there -- twenty yard back -- a good look at bourne and marie -- as they disappear and -- ext . alleyway -- goa / beachtown -- day ( cont ) 26 the jeep back up the way it come -- blowing its horn because a old van pull in and block he from behind -- int . jeep -- day ( cont 27 bourne lean on the horn -- shit , now they have get to wait ! marie ...- but you be not -- you be not sure ... bourne we can not wait to be sure . marie I do not want to move again ... I like it here . bourne look , we clear out , we get to the shack , we get safe . we hang there awhile . I '11 come back . I will check it out . but right now we can not -- marie -- where 's leave to go ? -- bourne -- there 's place -- we can not afford to be wrong ! int . hyundai -~ day ( cont 28 kirill . calm . possess of a familiar tactical patience . he can not get the Hyundai to the alley from where he be and it do not make sense to go on foot . he check he rearview . % he Fe hk * 29 30 10 . fuck it -- there 's a open ahead and he 's take it -- even though it 's away from they -- he will find another way -- ext . alleyway -- goa / beachtown -- day -- ( cont ) 29 bourne see the hyundai move forward into traffic . the old van be still block they from behind -- bourne you drive . marie what ? bourne ( already squeezing over ) switch ! you drive ! marie -- where ? -- bourne -- make the leave -- toward the bridge -- marie scramble over the seat . bourne , eye everywhere , check he watch . the jeep squirt back on the main street and -- int . jeep -~ day -- cont 30 marie at the wheel -- adrenaline pump -- clear run for thirty yard ahead and -- marie skid they into the right turn -- clipping another vehicle -- mirror shatter ! -- speed up . bourne scan behind they -- marie move out to pass -- veer back ! -- a oncoming bus -- just in time and -- marie -- Jesus ! -- ( glance over ) -- be he back there ? -- bourne -- not yet -- marie -- it 's just he ? -- 31 32 11 . bourne -- yeah -- one guy -- I do not think he be ready -- marie -- hang on -- marie bear down -- pull out -- give he a quick smile -- bourne know he 's get a good one here -- int . hyundai -- day / sunset 31 kirill stop short on a rise . bit of a view from here . get half out the car to look . below -- the jeep head for a bridge . he 's gonna lose they . kirill be mind racing . grab duffle from the back , abandon car . int . jeep -- bridge -- day / sunset 32 marie drive . bourne prep he pistol . Eye out for kirill . bourne you keep go to the shack . I '11 meet you there in a hour . marie ( concerned ) where be you go ? bourne I be go to bail on the other side and wait . this bridge be the only way he can follow . marie what if it 's not who you think it be ? bourne if he cross the bridge , it be . marie there must be another way ! bourne I warn they , Marie . I tell they to leave we alone . % ee ek % 33 a34 b34 12 . marie Jason , please do not do this ... it will not ever be over like this . bourne there 's no choice . her_ Pov the old concrete bridge ahead . almost there . ext . low wall -- day / sunset 33 kirill slam into it . Quick , precise grab into the bag . only a moment and he 's get a sniper rifle . int . jeep -- bridge -- day a34 bourne -- pistol in hand -- spare clip in the other -- check he watch . bourne at the end make the leave , when I roll out do_ not slow down . marie nod , get it . after a beat ... marie I love you , too . bourne tell I later . marie look ahead . ext . low wall -- day b34 kirill . Eye to the scope . sniper scope Pov there ! the jeep rumbling across the bridge . no clear target , just the back of the full driver' side headrest . kirill's finger squeeze . firing . 34 35 36 37 38 39 13 . ext . wooden bridge -- day ( cont 34 the jeep jerk . front fender tear into and along the guard rail -- cement shard fill the air -- bourne reach for the wheel -- too late ! as the jeep finally crash through the flimsy guardrail -- plummet -- splashes hard -- begin to sink out of sight . ext . low wall -- day ( cont 35 kirill lower the scope , take a quick look around . he 's basically go unnotice in this little nook with he silence rifle . but people be already rush toward the bridge . then ... there ! a old woman look directly at kirill from a doorway . not quite sure what . but a old indian woman in goa ? so what . kirill drill she with a look . as she sink back inside -- int . jeep -- sinking in the river -- day / sunset 36 swallow up . bourne and marie go . ext . low wall -- sunset 37 kirill scan the surface of the river under the bridge . wait . ext . river bottom -- day 38 mud plume as the jeep settles . bourne reach over to marie , try to urge she out . ext . low wall -- day 39 kirill with a killer 's patience , wait , almost do . scope Pov the surface of the water . unbroken . 40 41 42 43-68 69 14 . kirill scan he perimeter . there 's the old woman again . but more people with she . people come out of the woodwork . kirill check the surface one last time . nothing . he break down the rifle in moment -- go . ext . jeep -- river bottom -- day 40 bourne -- up into a air pocket hold by the jeep 's canvas top . a big gulp of air -- and he 's back to marie . frantic . try to unclip she seatbelt . pull she out . but it 's all jamme up . ext . kirill -- by the silver car 41 bag chuck in the back . all he have leave be the scope . one last look to the unbroken surface . then it 's time to go . kirill -- drift away -- disappear . ext . jeep -- river bottom -- day 42 the red halo grow bigger . blood . bourne pause . marie be face be blank . she 's dead . bourne finally pull back . realizing this be goodbye ... dissolve to : deleted 43-68 ext . zoogarten square -- night 69 we pick up a man with a briefcase on a telephoto lens . teddy / radio ( v.o. ) the seller have arrive . berlin 70 71 72 73 15 . as the man come to a chinese restaurant he stop . squarely . so he can be see clearly . then he enter a stark glass office build . teddy / radio ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) he 's inside . ext . zoogarten square -- night 70 two men cross the square to the chinese Restaurant . VIC be forty -- steel - ass intel operator -- he carry a large sample case . beside he , mike , young , ex -navy - seal . int . berlin hq / command post -- night 71 " the hub " . secure , anonymous office space somewhere in the city . shade draw . lot of gear cable around . the stale , improvise feel of a temporary outpost . four serious people alone in this room : pamela landy be 46 . a senior c.i.a. counterintelligence Officer . hover over the communication console . cronin -- pamela 's # 2 -- early forty , stone - cold facade -- quarterback the operation over the radio -- kurt and kim be the tech here . his and her headphone . ruggedize laptop and comm gear spread around they . cronin what have you get , Survey one ? int . nearby berlin office -- night ( cont ) 72 Dark . teddy at the window . another military face . Radio rig . night scope . watch VIC and mike pass below he -- teddy / radio ( over ) " hub , this be Survey one . mobile one be in motion . seller be inside and wait . " ext . modern berlin STREET -- night 73 VIC and mike slow as they come to the same stark , glass office build . teddy / radio ( over ) " we be ready to go . " 74 75 76 16 . ext . modern berlin STREET -- night 74 mike and VIC shake hand ; two tired co- worker parting way . mike will keep walk . VIC enter the building through the big glass door , smile as he 's approach by a night shift security guard . and we hear : mike still walk , alone now , head away from the glass office build toward a van park up the block . mike / radio ( sleeve mike , earpiece ) " this be escort one . I be clear . " int . berlin hq / command post -- night 75 the command post . cronin work the communication board ... cronin " all team -- listen up -- we be stand - by for final green . " ( turn now to -- ) pamela , who have be listen . just as she 's about to give the final word , kim raise a finger ... kim langley ... she hand pamela a phone that 's patch into she board . pamela ( a bit surprised ) Martin ? int . CIA situation room / langley , virginia -- day 76 three men -- CIA mandarin -- sit around a round table . martin marshall , deputy vice - director , he 's in charge . all be tense . marshall I be here . so be donnie and Jack weller . we understand you be use the full allocation for this buy ? pamela that 's where we come out . * he hf * 77 78 17 . marshall it 's a lot of money , Pam . pamela we be talk raw , unprocessed kgb file . it 's not something we can go out and comparison shop . marshall still ... pamela for a thief . a mole . I vetted the source , marty . he 's real . if it do nothing more than narrow the list of suspect , it 's a bargain at ten time the price . mandarin # 1 pamela , Jack weller here . it 's the quality that 's at issue ... pamela yes , sir . I be in total agreement . if they be fake , they be expensive . ( furious , impatient ) gentlemen , I have get the seller on site and in play . quite honestly , there 's not much more to talk about . marshall look to he mandarian . not convinced , but do not want to lose the opportunity . time to wash he hand . marshall all right Pam , you game , you call ... deleted 77 int . berlin hq / command post -- night 78 all eye on pamela as she put down the phone to langley . nodding to cronin . yes . cronin / radio " final Green . you be go . repeat , you be go for final Green . " * ce % he he hk % 18. 79 int . glass office build lobby ~~ night 79 VIC have just pass muster with the Security Guard , he 's stand alone at a elevator bank . VIC / radio ( sleeve mike , earpiece ) " on my way up . " VIC pull he earpiece . go dark . wait for a elevator . a80 int . glass office build electrical closet -- night a80 Dark . a small room full of wiring and infrastructure , light by the glare of someone 's mag -light . glove hand quickly pass over rack of gear and wiring and then stop at -- the main electrical riser . they carefully place a explosive device -- no bigger than a pack of cigarettes -- onto the main riser ... done with that , here come a second SMALL explosive device - - but this one 's special , it 's be take from a plastic bag and mount down by the floor on a sub-panel -- done , the hand hold up what look like a piece of tape . it bear a fingerprint . as the tape be press down , transfer it onto the charge -- 80 int . glass office build elevator -- night 80 VIC alone with the sample case . press the button for # 9 , the top floor . the door close . the car rise ...2...3... 4...5...6... and then , it stop . VIC brace himself , as the door open and -- ivan -- Russian -- the guy we see outside with the briefcase -- stand in a empty , darken hallway . ivan show I . vicc here ? ivan ( hold open the door ) now . show now . 81 82 19 . VIC flip open the case . cash . Three million dollar . int . glass office build corridor -- night 81 a glass door . a suite of office beyond . clean . anonymous . one light on deep inside ... caspiex -petroleum cherbourg -- Moscow -- Rome -- Tehran int . caspiex office -- night 82 curtain draw . light low . ivan sit with the sample case , count the cash . VIC poring over -- russian document file . dozen of kgb file . Old and new . spread sheet , financial data . incomprehensibly cyrillic . marked up . but judge by the seal and clearance sign - off , all top-secret . vicc this be everything ? ivan be there . be all there . suddenly -- music -- a radio -- some tinny pop tune just start play from somewhere down the hall -- vicc -- what the hell be that ? -- alone -- you say alone -- both of they sure they be be double - cross -- VIC ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) ( reach for he ankle ) -- who ? -- who else be here ? -- ivan -- no ! -- not I ! -- no other people ! -- vicc ( come up with a pistol ) -- shut up ! -- just shut the -- freak by the gun , ivan to he foot -- VIC push he back as he rush past -- the sample case spilling cash and ee ek 83 84 85 20 . wrong . snapph ! -- snapph ! -- snapph ! -- snapph ! -- snapph ! -- five fast , suppress small caliber shot -- VIC fall first -- ivan crash back across a desk as the bullet tear into he -- both of they dead before they hit the floor and -- reverse to find the glove hand unscrew a silencer , tucking away the weapon . already in motion before we know what 's happen -- pull a climb duffel out from he back pack -- stuff in the sample case and ivan' briefcase -- all the file -- all the money ... except , wait ... he 's leave out one old kgb file cover -- and now he pull a plastic bag from he backpack -- glove hand carefully remove a single sheet of paper from inside the bag . and this paper look exactly like all the stuff he 's just tuck away ; another page full of cyrillic blur . he 's put this sheet of paper inside the file cover . now he 's slip they both underneath the desk , toss they there as if they fall in the struggle and -- int . glass office build electrical closet ~~ night 83 the electrical riser -- as one of the two detonation decive blows -- a single , tidy , self - contain explosion and -- ext . / int . the glass office build lobby -- night 84 as the light flicker and fail and the night shift security guard be suddenly cast into darkness and -- int . berlin hq / command post -- night 85 as they be . wait . but only a moment before -- teddy / radio ( sudden , urgent ) '' hub ? -- we just -- we lose power -- the building ! -- the whole place just go dark ! -- " cronin look at pamela -- the first whiff of dread as -- cronin " -- repeat -- who be dark ? building or you location ? the target 86-87 a87 , b87 88 89 90 21 . radio voice pile up -- panicked , confusion cascade as - deleted 86-87 deleted a87 , b87 ext . berlin novatel / parking lot -- night 88 anonymous drine barn . kirill step out of a car . he 's carry the duffle . int . berlin novatel corridor -- night 89 kirill . head down the hall . int . novatel room ~~ night 90 kirill enter . it 's a small room . gretkov be wait . he 's forty . professional . trim and polished . dominant . gretkov ( Russian ) ( you be early ) kirill ( you be complain ? ) gretkov ( it 's clean ? ) kirill ( would I bring it ? ) gretkov take over now . toss some money on the bed , check out the photocopy of the file . gretkov ( what be you do ? ) kirill stripping quickly -- kirill ( I be take a shower , it 's be a long day . ) gretkov ( make it fast , my plane be wait ) * * a90 b90 91-92a a93 22 . gretkov dump three million dollar over the bed as kirill shed he clothes , and we -- dissolve to : ext . the bridge -- goa -- day a90 workmen cluster as a cable winch -- the jeep be raise from the river bottom . as water pour off of it -- bourne -- watch -- from a distance -- empty -- CUT to : ext . berlin office build -- day b90 crime scene . police block office worker from get in the building . media van clogging the street . pamela and cronin , across the street , watch . the mood be black . ash . pamela we need to get in there . cronin I be work on it . pamela stand there . Silent . stare at the disaster across the street . deleted 91-92a int . shack -- goa -- day a93 bourne be bail . exfil procedure , but this be a heartbroken exfil . -- a footlocker open . bourne 's main stash . bourne go through the footlocker . setting aside he ' work clothes ' -- other thing he need . but he also have to separate . b93 93 23 . a growing pile of Marie memory : Bank card . phony student id . loose passport photo with a mix of look and hair -do . clothes -- vacuum - pack bag -- spare shoe . ext . near the shack -- day b93 a gasoline - stoke FIRE burn in a rock -line pit . bourne feed he papers and all of Marie 's belonging into the fire . a passport cover crinkle back to reveal she photo . her face begin to burn . gas-soake clothes toss in . nothing leave except -- the photograph -- the picture of he and Marie at the beach . the one from he desk . bourne hesitates , hold the photo out to the flame . the rule of exfil say drop it -- but he can not -- will not -- he reach to he bag , stick the photo on top of he gear . then , hefting , the bag , bourne stride away . int . berlin hq command post ~~ day 93 a fold table cover with xeroxed berlin police paperwork . pamela get a show - and - tell from cronin and teddy . cronin -- so there be two of this explosive charge place on the power line . one of they fail . the fingerprint ... ( pamela 's get it ) that 's from the one that do not go off . pamela and the Germans can not match it ? teddy nobody 's get it . we check every database we could access . nothing . cronin show she the other thing . teddy this be a kgb file that must have fall somehow and then slip under , I guess , a desk there , or ... ( hand it to she - -) * c93 94-96 a97 97 98 24 . pamela do we know what this say ? teddy yup ... ( a scrap of paper ) the main word there , the file head , translate as : treadstone . pamela what the hell be a " treadstone ? " cronin shaking he head . nobody know . CUT to : ext . india countryside -- day c93 bourne bounce around on a old punjab bus . alone ina crush of humanity . go only God know where ... CUT to : deleted 94-96 ext . CIA headquarters -- langley , virginia a97 pamela' Pov as she drive toward the entrance . c.i.a. headquarters virginia int . c.i.a. headquarters -- day 97 a long , bright , sterile hallway . pamela and cronin walk briskly alongside a uniformed s.p.s. officer . int . c.i.a. elevator -- day 98 pamela and cronin watch the s.p.s. officer unlock the operation panel . code in . they begin to descend and -- 99 100 - 102 103 103a - 104 105 25 . int . different c.i.a. corridor -- day 99 drab and desolate . pamela and cronin come around a corner , walk with a new escort officer . pass a sign that read : Operations Library Center . deleted 100-102 int . secure reading room # 63171 -- day 103 seal , triple - lock numbered door . it swing open . light flicker on . ton of shit pack away in here . shelves bulg . box . tape . binder . hard drive . pamela step in . a huge filing cabinet label -- treadstone pamela / phone ( over ) Ward ? abbott ( 0s ) yes ? pamela / phone pamela landy . deleted 103a -104 int . abbott' office /c.i.a. headquarters -- day 105 ward abbott at he desk . the cluttere clubhouse hq of a man who 's spend the last thirty - five year in the spy game . a picture window offer a commander 's view of the bullpen . abbott / phone what can I do for you , Pam ? pamela / phone I be hope you have some time for I . abbott / phone time for what ? pamela / phone I be free right now actually . % * 106 26 . abbott / phone that sound ominous . let I check my schedule . abbott hold the phone . eye drift out the window and -- abbott' Pov the bullpen . cronin be stand with daniel zorn , one of abbott 's trust # 2s . clearly zorn be get the less polite version of pamela 's invitation . zorn manage to shoot a quick , question glance to abbott as -- int . c.i.a. interview room -- day 106 a cold room . desk . two chair . abbott and pamela alone . pamela treadstone . abbott never hear of it . pamela that 's not gonna fly . abbott with all due respect , Pam , I think you might have wander a little past you pay - grade . she have a piece of paper . she slide it forward . pamela that 's a warrant from director Marshall granting I unrestricted access to all personnel and material associate with treadstone . abbott rock and try to hide it . abbott and what be we look for ? pamela I want to know about treadstone . abbott to know about it ? ( almost amused ) it be a kill squad . Black on black . close down two year ago . ( more ) 107 a107 b107 108 27 . abbott ( cont 'd ) nobody want to know about treadstone . not around here . ( the warrant ) you better take this back to marty and make sure he know what you be do . pamela ( trump card ) he do . I have be down to the archive . I have the file , Ward . deleted 107 ext . BAY of naple -- late afternoon a107 a hard work port . a big mediterranean ferry come in . naple ferry -- bourne at the rail . unchange from India . stare ahead as Europe loom . ext . ferry dock -~ late afternoon b107 bourne disembark to a immigration queue . look unremarkable . just one of many pass through . int . c.i.a. interview room -~ day 108 as they be . abbott watch pamela pull a photo from she file . slide it over . conklin' face peer back . pamela let 's talk about conklin . abbott what be you after , Pam ? you want to fry I ? you want my desk ? be that it ? pamela I want to know what happen . abbott what happen ? Jason bourne happen . ( fury focus ) you have get the file ? then let 's cut the crap . it go wrong . conklin have this guy wound so tight they be bound to snap . ( more ) 28 . abbott ( cont 'd ) bourne be he number one -- guy go out to work , screw the op and never come back . conklin could not fix it , could not find bourne , could not adjust . it all go sideways . finally there be no option leave . pamela so you have conklin kill . ( silence ) I mean , if we be cut the crap ... abbott I have give thirty year and two marriage to this agency . I have shovele shit on four continent . I be due to retire next year and believe I , I need my pension , but if you think I be gonna sit here and let you dangle I with this , you can go to hell . Marshall too . ( flat ) it have to be do . pamela and bourne ? where 's he now ? abbott ( shrug ) Dead in a ditch ? drunk in a bar in Mogadishu ? who know ? pamela I think I do . we have a deal go down in Berlin last week . during the buy , both we field agent and the seller be kill . we pull a fingerprint from a timing charge that do not go off . ( beat ) they be kill by Jason bourne . abbott hesitates . blindside . what ? a courtesy knock at the door . cronin ( appear in the doorway ) they be ready for we upstairs . 109-114 deleted 109-114 a115 115 116 117 29 . int . ferry build custom hall -- sunset a115 now at the immigration officer booth , bourne hand over a old blue passport . it read , jason bourne . what 's he up to ? be he give up ? immigration officer ( where you come from , Mr. bourne ? ) bourne ( tangier ) the officer run the code on the passport through the scanner . int . interpol monitoring station -- madrid -- sunset 115 a tech turn as a computer alarm begin a incessant beeping . the screen as Jason bourne 's passport data begin scrolling through . a sleeper waking up on the grid . then he photo . work station as a interpol supervisor lean in over the tech be shoulder to see what 's up . after a beat ... as the tech begin type and hit send ... int . c.i.a. relay station -- bethesda , maryland -- day 116 crewcut turn from he monitor to he own superior as , at the same time ... int . ferry build custom hall -- sunset 117 look up from he computer , the immigration officer gesture bourne to one side . immigration officer ( Sir , would you be so kind as to step over here , please ? ) 118 30 . bourne ( uh , sure . ) the immigration officer come out of he booth as a carabinieri join he and they escort bourne to a small room at the side of the custom hall . immigration officer ( please wait in here . ) bourne scan the hall as he walk , enter room ... pamela' ( v.o. ) Seven year ago , twelve million dollar be steal from a CIA account ... bourne take a seat . carabinieri guard the room . int . c.i.a. situation room -~ day 118 same table . more face . marshall back in the throne . abbott , three c.i.a . mandarin plus there # 2's , and -- pamela .-. in Warsaw . this be ... click -- a photo of the man kill in Berlin fill the projection screen behind she -- click -- crime scene photo of dead body -- click -- " peco oil " logo -- pamela ( cont 'd ) ... Ivan mevedev -- senior financial manager -- work for one of the new Russian petroleum company , peco oil . he claim to know where the money land . we believe this could have only happen with help from someone inside the Agency ... this ... click -- conklin' photo -- pamela ( cont 'd ) ( place it on the table ) ... this be conklin 's computer . click -- a photocopy of a banking contract -- pamela ( cont 'd ) ..- at the time of he death , conklin be sit on a personal account in the amount of seven-hund and sixty thousand dollar . x % he fh eh HH * % 31 . abbott do you know what he budget be ? * pamela Excuse I . abbott we be throw money at he . throw * it at he and ask he to keep it dark . * pamela May I finish ? * abbott conklin might have be a nut , but he be not a mole . you have I he calendar for a couple of day , I will prove he kill lincoln . ( appeal to Marshall ) this be suppose to be definitive ? ee ek pamela what 's definitive , be that I just lose two people in Berlin ! abbott so what 's you theory ? ( mock she ) conklin 's reach out from the grave to protect he good name ? ( incredulous ) the man be dead . marshall ( he 's hear enough ) no one 's dispute that , Ward . abbott for crissake , marty , you know conklin . do this scan ? I mean , at all ? marshall signal for quiet ... marshall okay , cut to the chase , Pam . what be you sell ? pamela I think that bourne and conklin be in business . that bourne be still involved . * ( more ) 119-120 121 122 32 . pamela ( cont 'd ) and that whatever information I be go to buy in Berlin , it be big enough to make bourne come out from wherever he 's be hide to kill again . ( to abbott ) how 's that scan ? as the mandarin all start talk at once -- zorn enter . stands at the head of the table . tries to get they attention . zorn hey ... ( they look up ) look , you be not gonna believe this , but Jason bourne 's passport just come on the grid in naple . abbott blink . what ? deleted 119-120 ext . ferry build custom hall -- night 121 nevins . american . a junior , c.i.a . field Officer . walk from the parking lot , talk on he cellphone . nevins ...- what can I do ? I can not . i'11 call you when I know what I be into ... ( a hassle pause ) I do not know , some guy 's name come up on the computer . ( start toward the building ) so start without I , if I can get there , I will . later ... nevins hang up and pocket the phone . he hustle towards the building . int . CIA situation room -- day 122 the room be jump . Agents tracking , work the phone and computer . pamela give order . abbott watch . he eh hk * ee ek 123 33. cronin ( look up from computer screen ) look like he 's be detain . ee ek * pamela who 's go ? we ? * cronin * there 's only a Consulate , they send a field officer out half a hour ago -- % pamela ( cut he off ) then get a number , they need to know who they be deal with . ee ek cronin already on it ... * int . ferry build holding room -- sunset 123 as nevins flash he credential to carabinieri at door , who give a unimpress shrug and let he in . nevins take he overcoat off , toss it on the empty chair . we see a big ass .45 for just a second under he suit jacket . nevins alright , Mr. bourne , be that you name ? ( bourne nod ) name 's nevins . I be with the US Consulate . could I see you passport ? bourne , silent , hand over he passport . nevins ( cont 'd ) so , Mr. bourne ... nevins study bourne 's passport ... nevins ( cont 'd ) * what be you do in tangier ? silence ... * nevins ( cont 'd ) ( faux friendly ) be you travel alone ? * a123 123 34 . bourne stare straight ahead . nevins come around the table and sit in front of bourne . nevins ( cont 'd ) ( in he face ) look , I do not know what you have do . but , you be gonna need to play ball here . nevins cell start to ring . he shrug a apology , turn away and answer : nevins ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) nevins ... pamela / phone this be pamela landy , a CI supervisor call from langley , Virginia . be you with a Jason bourne now ? nevins ( listen ; look at bourne ) yes ... int . CIA situation room -- day a123 pamela on the phone . pamela then use extreme caution . he can be very unpredictable and violent . use whatever mean necessary to ... int . ferry build holding room -- sunset 123 whatever nevins be be tell , it 's concern . bourne watch he . know exactly what this be . close on nevins as he step away , listen intently . his hand just start to move toward he shoulder holster . nevins ( cont would ) okay , I will call you right back . nevins flip shut he phone . he reach for he gun , even as he turn , and -- bourne be right there in he face . whump ! momentum and gravity reach mutual agreement as nevins hit the deck . carabinieri barely clear he holster before -- chop -- chop -- bourne have he down in a heap . + Fe * % ee ek ee ek 124 125 126 127 128-129 130 35 . bourne be back , silent and effective . find nevins cellphone , bourne reach into he bag . he hold the phone next to a larger , diagnostic mobile unit -- the " confirm " light blink -- nevins ' phone have be clone . bourne put the phone back in nevins coat , take he gun and carabinieri be gun and radio and put they in he duffle . we be start to realize there 's a plan at work here . finally bourne -- exit the door , wedge a desk under the handle so it cannot be open from the inside and calmly walk away like nothing ever happen -- ext . naple ferry build -- night 124 and now we see the old bourne , in he long black coat , purposely stride out of the building . he pause long enough for the security camera to get a good look at he . the ronin return . ext . naple ferry parking lot -- night 125 bourne cross the street and approach a man put he suitcase in the trunk of a green peugeot . bourne reach into he bag , pull out some cash . deleted 126 int . ferry / security holding room -- night 127 nevins stir , the carabinieri still out . a phone start to ring . nevins ' phone . finally sit up , he answer . nevins hello ? deleted 128-129 int . c.i.a. situation room -~ day 130 pamela at the other end of the line . a130 131 36 . pamela / phone Mr. nevins ? nevins / phone who 's this ? pamela / phone pamela landy , again . where do we stand ? * int . ferry / security holding room -- night a130 nevins barely know where he be . ext . naple STREET -- night 131 bourne sit in the dark car . headphone . a nest of cool gadgetry -- on the passenger seat . listen in -- * recording -- he write : pamela landy -- circle it . nevins / phone I think ... I think he get away . * pamela look at the face wait around the table . shake she head no ... * pamela * have you lock down the area ? * nevins / phone ah , we be in Italy . they do not exactly * '' lock down " real quick ... intercut -- bourne -- nevins -- pamela -- pamela / phone how long have you work for the agency ? nevins / phone me? four year . pamela / phone if you ever want to make it to five , you be gonna listen to I real close . Jason bourne be armed and extremely dangerous . a week ago , he assassinate two man in Berlin , one of whom be a * highly - experience field officer ... * ( continue as - - ) a131 37 . we be totally on bourne at this point -- sit there in the dark car , struggle to make sense of this -- what the fuck be she talk about ? -- Berlin ? -- he write it , circle it . pamela / phone ( cont 'd ) I want that area secure , I want any evidence secure and I want it do now . be that clear ?? nevins / phone yes , sir -- mar 'am ... pamela / phone I be get on a plane to Berlin in 45 minute , which mean you be go to call I back in 30 , and when I ask you where we stand , I have better be impressed . my mobile number be ... bourne already turn the key in the ignition -- the peugeot roaring to life , as he write the number . drop the car into gear , bourne pull briskly away from the curb . int . c.i.a. situation room -- day a131 pamela finish , hang up . abbott Berlin ! pamela I have already get a team there . I doubt bourne 's in naple to settle down and raise a family . abbott you do not know what you be get into here . pamela and you do ? from the moment he leave treadstone , he have kill and elude every person that you send to find he ... before it can come to blow -- marshall ( riot act ) enough . I want both of you on that plane . ( more ) ee ek % + f** k % ee ek aa131 b131 132 133 38 . marshall ( cont 'd ) and we be -- all of we -- go to do what we be either too lazy or inept to do the last time around -- you be go to find this sonofabitch and take he down before he destroy any more of this agency . ( beat ) be that definitive enough for you ? abbott nod . share a look with pamela as we -- int . CIA headquarters hallway -- day aa131 pamela and cronin come scream around a corner and down a long corridor , abbott and zorn try to keep up . cronin -- kurt 's reopening all the wyfi and sit link -- pamela -- uplink all relevant file to Kim -- ( a look back at Zorn ) -- and I want they to contact anyone who have anything to do with treadstone -- zorn look to abbott , as they disappear around a corner ... ext . autostrada -- night b131 the peugeot speed North -- North towards Germany and -- deleted 132 int . bourne's peugeot -- night ( cont ) 133 bourne drive -- listen to playback of pamela 's conversation with nevins . pamela / tape '' Jason bourne be armed and extremely dangerous ... " bourne's face -- eye -- tight -- look weird -- * % he eh hk % a133 b133 134 135 39 . pamela / tape ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) " , ..a week ago he assassinate two man in Berlin , one a highly ... " suddenly a133 flashback ! -- a shard -- piece -- lightning flash of image getting in the back seat of the car -- roll brandenburg berlin -- a mirror -- the television tower -- the driver look back . we see he . ( we will know he later as jarda . ) then -- a steel case on the backseat . Inside a syringe , a dark vial , pistol . as we lay hand on they -- back to : b133 bourne out of it -- jolted ! -- almost lose control of the car for a second -- jerk back into he lane , -- recognition -- toughing it out -- steady as she go -- catch he rhythm again . accelerate and --- ext . bakery -- portobello road ~~ day 134 a bakery on the corner . nicky emerge . nicky from the old day . suddenly , she stop -- abbott stand there beside a park car . the passenger door open . message clear . get the fuck in . int . US AIR force base , england -- day 135 Inside a hanger . Inside a office . abbott watch as cronin question nicky . pamela sit on a window sill . cronin so you cover at the time be what ? nicky that I be a american student in Paris . cronin what exactly do you job with treadstone in Paris consist of ? nicky look to abbott . he nod that it 's okay to answer . pamela bristle at the check - off. cop . 40 . nicky I have two responsibility . one be to coordinate logistical operation . the other be to monitor the health of the agent , to make sure they be up to date with they medication . cronin Health , meaning what ? nicky they mental health . because of what they would be through . they be prone to a variety of problem . pamela ( lose patience ) * what kind of problem ? nicky Depression . anger. compulsive behavior . they have physical symptom -- headache -- sensitivity to light -- pamela * amnesia ? * nicky before this ? before bourne ? no. nicky get agitate . abbott step in , fatherly , good * * abbott be you familiar with the training program ? nicky the detail ? no . I mean , I be tell it be voluntary . I do not know if that 's true or not , but that 's what I be tell . ( a bit defensive ) look , they take vulnerable subject , okay ? you mix that with the right pharmacology and some serious behavior modification , and , I do not know , I mean , I guess anything 's possible . zorn arrive from outside . * 136 137 41 . zorn the jet 's ready . ( point to nicky ) there 's a car for you . everybody move . nicky relieved . she 's off the hook . she think . she become aware of pamela consider she . nicky good luck . pamela you be he local contact . you be with he the night conklin die . you be come with we . ext . private jet -- dusk 136 streak across the sky . int . private jet -~- night 137 quiet in the cabin . abbott get up to use the bathroom . pamela sit across from nicky who stare out the window . as the bathroom door click shut , pamela seize the privacy . pamela I be curious about bourne . you interpretation of he condition . you have specific training in the identification and diagnosis of psychological condition ? nicky be I a doctor , no , but ... pamela be you a expert in amnesia ? nicky look , what do you want I to say ? I be there . I believe he . pamela believe what ? nicky I believe Jason bourne have suffer a severe traumatic breakdown . ee ek % * ee ek ee ek % 42. pamela so he fool you . nicky ( frustration building ) if you say so . pamela ( lean in ; still low ) not good enough . you be the person who float this amnesia story . ( shift gear ) ever feel sorry for he ? for what he would be through ? nicky you be make it out like we be friend here or something . I _met he alone twice . pamela you feel nothing ? no spark ? two young people in Paris ? dangerous mission ? life and death ? nicky ( incredulous ) you mean , do I want a date ? pamela do you ? nicky this be killer . conklin have they all jack up . they be doberman . pamela some woman like doberman -- nicky what do you want from I ? I be reassign . I be out . pamela see , that 's a problem for I , nicky . whatever he 's do , we need to end it . this be not the kind of mess you walk away from . pamela lean away . nicky look back out the window . ee ek ee ek * 138 a138 b138 43. ext . tarmac -- berlin airport ~~ night 138 Three in the morning as the gulf stream lurch to a stop . two black sedan here for the pickup . teddy the greeting party as -- pamela , cronin , abbott , zorn and nicky disembark -- ext . berlin STREET -- night a138 the sedan make they way , stop at a non-descript office building . int . berlin hq / command post -- night b138 elevator open into they 9th floor world . emergency activity . kim ready to debrief , kurt work the computer . Energy up . pamela , abbott and cronin bring nicky into the room . kim -- so far bourne 's have no contact with anyone on the list -- langley pull a image out of naple , it 's upload right now . kurt come in now ... everything stop , as the photo -- blurry , oblique -- begin materialize on half-a-dozen monitor around the room . suddenly , they be surround by bourne . pamela ( to nicky ) be it he ? look closer -- she nod ... cronin he 's not hide , that 's for sure . zorn why naple ? why now ? pamela have go quiet , just stare at the picture , as -- kurt could be random . c138 d138 139 44 , cronin maybe he 's run . abbott look skeptical . abbott on he own passport ? kim ( the image ) what 's he actually do ? cronin what 's he do ? he 's make he first mistake ... and then , from behind they -- nicky it 's not a mistake . ( everyone look over ) they do not make mistake . and they do not do random . there 's always a objective , always a target . ( beat ) if he 's in naple , on he own passport , there 's a reason . pamela turn to abbott . a silent moment between they . they be in it now and they know it . ext . italian mountain highway ~~ night c138 the peugeot streaking through the alp . pass a sign for the german border . moonlit glacial peak whipping past as club music start pulsing louder and louder and -- int . the peugeot -- night ( cont . ) d138 bourne drive hard . push the car through the night . Mission bourne . as the music keep just build and build , take we into -- int . moscow nightclub -- night 139 pack and loud . skin and smoke . a doorman on the move , take we with he through the crowd . face -- voice -- all the Moscow party people and -- at the back ee ek 140 141 142 143 45 . a VIP booth . kirill simply shitface . but in a really creepy , numb kind of way . three women , absolutely gorgeous , be sit around he , chat away as if he be not even there . the girl look up to see -- the doorman ( stand there ) ( can he walk ? ) kirill stir . his stupor a futile attempt to escape . eye still that of a exceptionally hard man . a minute later . kirill can walk . the most graceful drunk you have ever see . make he way through the club . tuning out everything but the need to get to the door and -- ext . moscow nightclub -- day ( cont ) 140 yes , day . it 's nine a.m. kirill suddenly in the sunlight . people go to work . kid off to school and -- gretkov sit in he mercede , not happy . follow car and security and assistant equally unhappy . gretkov ( you tell I Jason bourne be dead . ) kirill blink against the sunlight -- try to process . deleted 141 ext . anonymous munich neighborhood -- day 142 discreet and chilly . a car pull up . a man get out . munich we do not see he face as he head in . int . jarda' house foyer / kitchen -- day 143 the man enter . his alarm system -- beep ... beep -- start once he come through the door . there 's a keypad on the wall . he enter he code and the beep stop . just like everyday . it 's a sad house . he hang he coat on the rack . move now -- 46 . into the kitchen . he drop he briefcase on the table , open the fridge for a drink . except what he come out with be -- a gun ! wheeling around . the salaryman be jarda . jarda from bourne 's dream . but as he turn -- bourne behind he . bigger gun . wait . so ready . bourne I emptied it . jarda ( a total pro ) felt a little light . bourne Drop it . jarda let the gun fall , look he old comrade over a beat . but bourne 's not interested in a reunion . bourne ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) here ... bourne toss he flexcuff -- jarda put he hand behind he back , turn to let bourne cinch they . bourne ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) Front . use you tooth . jarda ( catch scamm ) sorry . Old habit . bourne kick over a chair . sit. jarda ( cont 'd ) Word in the ether be you would lose you memory . bourne check jarda be briefcase -- tear through it -- bourne you still should have move . jarda I like it here . ( a beat ) ( more ) 47 . jarda ( cont 'd ) last time I see you be Greece . you have a good spot . bourne react -- do not look over -- but realize ... jarda ( cont 'd ) I have the girl . I have she line up that whole afternoon . wait for you , that be the problem . ( defensive ) you ever do two target ? it 's tough . bourne turn . cold . jarda ( cont 'd ) ( he real question ) so why do not you kill I then ? bourne she would not let I . ( beat ) she 's the only reason you be alive . silence . jarda down a peg . or two . jarda what do you want ? bourne conklin . jarda he 's dead . bourne -- the gun -- right to jarda 's face -- bourne try again . jarda shot dead in Paris . Dead the night you walk out . bourne / phone then who run treadstone ? jarda nobody . they shut it down . we be the last two . it 's over ... ( not finish because - -) -- he 's fall ! -- landing hard -- bourne just kick the chair out from under he -- 48 . bourne you be lie . if it 's over , why be they after I ? jarda I do not know . bourne who send you to Greece ? jarda a voice . a voice from the States . someone new . bourne pamela landy ? jarda I do not know who that be . bourne what 's go on in Berlin ? jarda I do not know ! why would I lie ? silence . bourne pull back . unsure . jarda make it to he foot . jarda ( cont 'd ) what the hell do you do ? you must have really screw up . bourne do not know . he back off . jarda ( cont 'd ) she really do that ? told you not to kill I ? ( beat ) I have a woman once . but after a while , what do you talk about ? I mean , for we . the work . you can not tell they who you be ... bourne I do . jarda hesitates . it 's really like bourne just tell he how much he love she . jarda I think you be here to kill I . 144 49 . something in the way he say it . plus jarda just glance at he watch . bourne what do you do ? jarda shrug , almost embarrassed . bourne look across to the alarm pad jarda hit on the way in . voltage -- like a switch . bourne ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) you call it in ? jarda I be sorry . bourne how long ? how long do I have -- ( stop because - -) the phone just start ringing -- loud -- insistent -- bourne ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) how_long ? int . dod rapid car -- day 144 jam -- right the fuck into it -- three guy -- jarhead -- dod special Force dude -- speed through munich -- jar # 1 be the driver -- jar # 2 be prepping weapon like a maniac in the backseat and -- jar # 3 ( on the phone ) -- it 's a red flag file ! -- so fix it , call they back asap ! -- jar # 1 ( the call ) what ? what would they do ? jar # 3 ( bad news ) she call munich local . jar # 2 ( slamm home another clip ) it 's probably just a drill anyway . 50 . 145 int . jarda' house kitchen -- day 145 phone ringing -- jarda in cuff -- bourne scan out the window -- everything fast -- bourne -- car key ? jarda -- my coat -- but we should -- bourne -- what ? -- jarda -- take the back -- get another car -- bourne hesitates -- just a moment -- wrong. slam ! -- out of nowhere -- jarda swing -- two -hands -- still cuffed -- like a mace -- catch bourne hard and -- bourne stunne -- jarda smash the coffee table , slice the flexcuff through on a shard of glass -- free ! jarda follow up -- knee up in the rib -- the gun knocked free from bourne's hand ! -- skitter across the floor -- bourne -- as jarda start to move -- backhand he and -- 146 ext . munich STREET -- day 146 two munich patrol car roll and -- 147 ext . / int . jarda' kitchen -- day 147 see from inside , glimpse through the glass outside . it 's war -- a flat - out , close - quarter death match -- jarda older and cuffed , but strong and determine -- bourne still hammer from that open sucker - punch -- the two of they brace there -- grapple -- fall -- jarda -- the cuff -- he 's get bourne in a choke-hold -- but bourne drive he head back -- into jarda' face and -- 148 int . dod rapid car ~~ day 148 51 . jam along through munich -- 149 int . jarda' kitchen -- day 149 jarda -- bourne -- the gun on the floor -- struggle for it -- jarda there first -- bourne on he -- pin there -- four hand , one gun and -- blamm !!! -- wild shot -- into the refrigerator -- still wrestle -- break jarda 's nose , until -- the gun knock away again . finally they hand lock into each other 's throat . this be as real and up close as it get . until , bourne finally hold dead weight . eye fix . stare ... bourne jump back . blood all over he shirt -- bourne be first kill in a long time . a messy one -- revulsion . 150 int . dod rapid car -- day 150 jarhead get close -- but up ahead -- another munich patrol car in motion -- the jarhead react -- do not need or want the company . 151 int . jarda' kitchen -- day 151 bourne -- all business now -- pull the stove away from the wall -- there -- the gas line hose -- bourne rip it free -- gas run wide open into the room -- next -- a fork -- grab it -- jam it down into the mechanism on a toaster -- wedge it there -- and now he 's grab paper -- jarda 's stuff on the table -- jam a roll of sale projection into the toaster beside the fork - bourne cough from the gas , turn the toaster on . check he watch . take one last look at jarda dead on the floor and -- 152 deleted 152 153 154 155 156 157 158-163 164 52 . int . dod rapid car ~~ day 153 they be just turn into the street -- ext . jarda' STREET -- day 154 the dod car -- three dod approach the house , when -- booooomm !!! -- jarda' kitchen -- blow out ! -- go -- ext . jarda' back door -- day 155 bourne -- same moment -- fly out the rear -- as plan -- urban backyard exfil -- he 's fly and -- go . ext . jarda' house -- day 156 Fire -- smoke -- it 's all burn now -- munich cop blow back -- they will have a story to tell tonight -- int . bourne's car -~ day 157 drive away past arrive police ... deleted 158-163 int . berlin hq / command post -- night 164 the bullpen be cranking -- phone to munich -- line to langley -- abbott watch from the sideline -- kurt and kim at they work station -- pamela on mobile , turn to abbott -- pamela so he beat a man within a inch of he life , strangle he , then blow the place up ? ( at nicky ) for someone with amnesia , he certainly have not forget how to kill , have he ? across the room -- cronin and teddy suddenly excited about what they be see on there screen -- * 53. cronin -- hey ! -- they have get he box in ! -- ( new data come up on the monitor ) everyone rush to look . excite , except -- zorn forget it . they lose he . teddy what be you talk about ? they have get a three block perimeter . zorn you can not see he ? he 's not in front of you ? forget it . he 's go . cronin * ( fuck you , buzzkill ) * it 's not gonna be like last time . * zorn * you better start listen to someone . Cause we have be there . * abbott okay , enough ... ( step in ) take a walk , Danny . get some air . ee ek Zorn nod . happy to . * nicky ( piping in ) I do not think we need to keep look for he anyway . pamela and why be that ? nicky because he 's do just what he say he would * do . he 's come for we . and for the first time they be all think the same thing . 165 ext . HOTEL brecker -- berlin -~ night -- rain 165 it be pour rain . see from that hellish car , a huge , distinctive , needle - like tower dominate the skyline , light flash through the dark and wet -- 166 167 a167 b167 168 54 . int . the audi / rest -stop -- night 166 bourne's eye open ! -- heart pound -- spring up -- alone -- damn , he side hurt -- recoil from that -- where be he ? -- he 's in the car -- look around and -- he windshield Pov a autobahn rest-stop . Gas station . sleep truck . back to bourne catch he breath -- shifting away from the pain in he rib -- check he watch -- but what the hell be that on he sleeve ? -- fuck , it 's blood -- jarda 's blood -- ext . autobahn rest -stop -- night 167 bourne out of the car fast -- careless -- wrong -- not even check who 's watch -- pull off the shirt -- tear it off -- throw it down and -- stand there . in the weird light . a big bruise ripening on he side . look around . it 's okay . nobody 's watch . but , shit , man ... get it together . int . peugeot -~ autobahn -- night a167 streak along . bourne back to he mission . ext . autobahn -- night b167 Roaring by a sign : Berlin 75 km . int . moscow airport -- night 168 kirill stride through the terminal . move quickly toward a departure gate and -- the camera find gretkov above . watch he go . 169 170-178 179 a179 55 . ext . berlin train station -~- dawn 169 bourne drive up . deleted 170-178 int . berlin train station -- dawn 179 quiet and forlorn this early . just like bourne who 's take a locker . stash a backpack . prepping the evac . always ready . he head outside , we hear : HOTEL operator # 1 ( v.o. ) ( front desk german ) ( Berlin Hilton , how can I help you ? ) bourne / phone ( v.o. ) ( I be try to reach a guest , pamela landy , please . ) HOTEL operator # 1 ( v.o. ) ( I be sorry but I be not show that we have a guest by that name . ) ( continue as - - ) int . berlin train station phone kiosk -- dawn a179 bourne tuck in with a berlin guide book , a feel tip pen , and a fifty - Euro phonecard . work it . bourne / phone ( pamela landy , please ) HOTEL operator # 2 ( sorry , I do not see it here . ) cross out another Hotel off the list -- four down , forty to go -- as we start time cutting and ... HOTEL voice ( v.o. ) ( overlap ) ( -- no one here by that name --) ( -- no , sir , there 's no landy here --) ( -- how be you spelling that , sir ? --) ( -- sorry , but no --) ( -- I have no landy register , sir -- ) ( continue , until - - ) b179 c179 d179 e179 56 . int . pamela' hilton HOTEL suite -- dawn b179 clean and plain . a bed nobody 's sleep in . the phone begin ringing . pamela , fresh from the shower , rush out from the bathroom to answer it -- pamela / phone hello -- dial tone . pamela hang up . that be strange -- ext . berlin street / alexanderplatz -- dawn c179 a taxi drive through the empty early street and -- int . berlin taxi -- dawn ( cont d179 bourne in the backseat . stare out the window and -- he Pov the fernsehturm loom as they pass , the Berlin tv Tower . that needle in the sky . from the flashback . and then -- suddenly e179 flashback ! -- it 's raining -- we be still move -- still in a car -- still near alexanderplatz , but suddenly it 's pour outside -- turn back , we realize we be not in the cab anymore -- there 's a driver up front , and beside he ... conklin ! -- yes , conklin -- he 's in the passenger seat -- turn back to we -- hand we something -- a photograph -- a face -- some guy -- conklin neski . Vladimir neski ... ( the photo ) he 's at the Hotel brecker . get the paper . ( beat ) say it . bourne -- treadstone bourne -- alone in the back -- stare at the photo -- bourne neski . Hotel brecker . paper . f179 g179 h179 57 . conklin this be not a drill , soldier . we be clear on that ? this be a live project and you be go . train be over . bourne yes , sir . conklin good , then gimme the damn picture back . ( take it ) see you on the other side . ( to the driver ) pull over , he 's get out . back to f179 bourne sit in the back seat of the cab . frozen there . rocked . what 's happen to he ? no chance to work it out , because the taxi 's stop and -- taxi driver ( wait ; irritate ) ( the Hotel brecker or the Grand ? , make up you mind . ) bourne ( what ? ) taxi driver ( this be the westin Grand . you just say brecker . ) bourne ( fishing for money ) ( yeah . sorry . this be good . ) int . berlin westin grand HOTEL lobby -- early morning g179 concentric ring look down on each other . bourne slip in unnotice , take a quick look up before move along . int . health club -- grand HOTEL -- day h179 bourne step up to the guy behind the desk . the gym mostly empty . bourne hi . I think I leave my backpack here yesterday . Black , nike . j179 k179 l179 58. the guy disappear in back to check . bourne lean across the counter , scrolling the computer -- the guest list -- he finger stabbing down on ... screen : landy , pamela 413 . bourne clear the screen , walk away . int . concentric ring -~ grand HOTEL -~- day j179 because of the set -up , bourne , pretend to talk on a house phone , have a view of room 413 across the way . the door open , pamela exit , carry a overnight bag -- bourne watch . int . lobby -- the grand -- day k179 elevator door open . pamela come out into the lobby . head toward the exit and -- ext . grand HOTEL entrance -- early morning l179 a black suburban at the curb . cronin stand there wait , as she emerge -- pamela anything ? teddy no. munich 's a bust . he 's loose . pamela be we lock up ? cronin I tell everyone they have a hour -- eat , sleep , shave , whatever they want , but once we be back , we be back for good . as they pile in , and -- the camera find bourne walk right past they -- he 's get the whole thing scope -- head quickly across the street and -- he hf * m179 n179 1791 pt . 180 a180 59 . ext . hilton HOTEL taxi stand -- early morning m179 bourne jump into the first cab in the rank and -- int . berlin taxi # 2 -- early morning ( cont ) n179 the driver start up the car , as -- bourne ( that black suv . fifty euros if you keep I close . ) the driver smile and -- int . berlin airport HOTEL -~- early morning 179 I pt . kirill walk down the same hallway gretkov come to meet he last time . a guy carry a briefcase toward he . stop for a moment to light a smoke . letting kirill take charge of the briefcase . smooth . like it never happen -- ext . berlin hq / command post -- day 180 the suv roll up . the cab continue past and stop at the corner . int . cab -- day a180 bourne look back out the rear window . he Pov as they pile out of the van , start inside . acknowledge by a security detail pretend to loiter outside . as we hear : pamela ( vo ) -- munich to Berlin , check everything -- flight -- train -- police report -- that will be box # 1 , teddy that 's yours -- ( continue as - - ) 1791 pt . 181 182 183 60 . int . berlin HOTEL room -- day 179 I pt . kirill open the briefcase . two automatic pistol . silencer . ammo . Care package . ext . berlin rooftop -- day 181 a bulkhead open . bourne step out among the satellite dish . unpack a bag : telescope , water , food , and we hear : pamela ( vo ) -- box # 2 , call it Prior german connection -- nicky , I want to re-run all bourne 's treadstone material , every footstep -- Kim , box # 3 -- let 's call it munich outbound -- ( continue as - -) int . berlin hq / command post -- day 182 we have be hearing it , now we be see it : pamela at the chalkboard -- abbott back she up -- everyone else spread around -- they be re-group -- urgently -- behind they cot be be set up -- food , water stack up -- pamela -- let 's stay on the local cop , we need a vehicle -- parking ticket -- something -- langley 's offer to upload any satellite imaging we need , so let 's find a target to look for . ( to Zorn ) Danny , box # 4 -- I need fresh eye -- review the buy where we lose the three million -- timeline it with what we know about bourne 's movement . turn it upside down and see how it look -- ( continue as - -) ext . telescopic Pov -~ day 183 a decent view into the Berlin hq . two window . one offer a look at a empty kitchenette . the other , a nice shot of the bullpen area . it look like they be in for the long haul . there 's teddy pace past ... a glimpse of zorn confer with abbott ...now kim talk on the phone . 184 a184 185 186 61 . ext . berlin rooftop -- day 184 bourne -- eye lock on the target . scan . wait . and then , something change . suddenly , there 's something down there that 's clearly a great deal more electric than what he 's see so far -- telescopic Pov a184 nicky ! -- she 's just come into the kitchenette -- pour herself a cup of coffee . nicky who he know . and -- bourne lowering the telescope . yes . now he 's get somewhere . think it through , as -- deleted 185 int . kitchenette -- berlin hq / command post -- day 186 nicky be join by pamela who go for the coffee . pamela be it fresh ? nicky it 's get caffeine in it . that 's all I know . before pamela can pour , she cell phone ring . she answer . pamela pamela landy . bourne / phone I be at the westin this morning . I could have kill you . pamela who be this ? intercut with rooftop bourne it 's I . pamela ( Holy Christ ) bourne ? 62 . nicky react to the name . run to the other room to try and start a trace . pamela ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? bourne I want to come in . he want to come in ! -- it 's like a bomb go off -- nicky back in with conklin -- pamela wave for a pencil . pamela okay , how do you want to do it ? * bourne I want someone I know to take I in . * pamela who ? bourne there be a girl in Paris . part of the program . she use to handle the medication . and now we stay with pamela -- she eye flicker over to nicky . pamela what if we can not find she ? bourne / phone it 's easy . she 's stand right in front of you . busted . * * pamela okay , Jason , you move . * bourne alexanderplatz . 30 minute . under the World clock . alone . give she you phone . ee ek * click . the line go dead -- pamela step away from the window , realize he 's on one of the roof out there ! * a186 b186 63. ext . berlin rooftop -- day a186 as the bulkhead door swing in the wind -- bourne be go . int . bullpen -- berlin hq / command post -- day b186 everyone gather . a big , detailed map of alexanderplatz spread on the table . zorn here 's the clock -- shit -- he 's put she in the middle of everything . cronin -- it 's a nightmare -- we will never get she cover . abbott call a mayday into Berlin station . we need sniper , dod , whatever they get . pamela sniper ? hold on -- he say he want to come in . abbott my ass he do . you be play with fire , pamela . Marshall say nail he to the wall . I do not know how you interprete that , but I do not think he mean repatriate he . pamela do not you want answer ? abbott there be no answer . there 's either Jason bourne alive or Jason bourne dead . and I for one would prefer the latter . and what about she ? ( point to nicky ) you just send she out to this lunatic with no protection ? pamela look to nicky . pamela what do you think ? be he come in ? * * ee ek 187 a187 b187-c187 d187 64 . nicky I do not know . he be sick . he want out . I believe he . pamela alright ... pamela gesture to abbott , cronin , teddy . pamela ( cont 'd ) ..- make the call . get a wire on she . if it start to go wrong , take he out . deleted 187 ext . berlin station / motorpool -- day a187 the rear of the official berlin c.i.a . hq -- and here they come -- ten delta dude in civvy , sprinting to a couple vehicle with driver ready and engine run and -- deleted b187-c187 int . bullpen -- berlin hq / command post -- day d187 nicky , she hand overhead as -- zorn tape a transmitter and battery between she shoulder blade -- teddy and cronin plot the area with two men plaincloth delta team -- kim and kurt on they own line . kim ( this just in ) they get the number . bourne 's call come from nevins ' phone . the field agent in genoa . teddy nevins be bourne ? abbott ( lose it ) be you a idiot ?! bourne must have clone he phone ! a embarrassed silence . abbott mad at himself for lose he temper -- look up to find pamela 's eye on he . abbott ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) I hope you know what you be do -- % ee ek % ee ek * 65 . e187-f187 deleted e187-f187 g187 ext . alexanderplatz -- day g187 in all its vastness -- alone -- there 's the world clock -- h187 j187 k187 nicky wait on the periphery , two plain - clothed deltas nearby . in quick succession -- nicky -- binocular Pov -- sniper scope Pov -- on a video monitor . int . bullpen -~ command post ~~ day h187 everyone wait . holding they breath . watch nicky stand as ... ext . alexanderplatz -- world clock -~- day j187 nicky's ( pamela 's ) phone ring . she answer as a yellow tram approach ... bourne see that tram come around the corner ? nicky yes . bourne get on it . she turn and walk as the tram arrive . the delta dude start move ... ext . alexanderplatz -~ day k187 the yellow tram arrive . nicky enter . one of the delta dude just barely join she . the tram begin move . nicky look around nervously . nothing happen . the tram move about 500 yard across the platz . stop at the next stop . people get on and off . nicky and delta dude relax a bit . Doors begin to close . and just like that , bourne swoops in beside nicky ! flashes a gun . bourne walk . he eh hk * 66 . bourne take she arm and they just get off as the door close leave the delta dude behind . they disappear down into the pedestrian subway . l187-m187 deleted l187-m187 n187 0187 p187 int . bullpen -- berlin h.q. -- day n187 a madhouse , a video feed on a monitor . pamela where 's nicky ? as they realize she 's go -- abbott goddamn it -- I tell you . cronin listen ! listen ! he crank the speaker . bourne's voice what do I say ? what do I tell you in Paris ? deleted 0187 int . pedestrian subway -~- day p187 bourne what be my word ? ( but she can not speak ) leave I alone ! leave I out of it ! but you could not do that , could you ? nicky I do ... Jason , I swear , I do ... I tell they ... I tell they I believe you ... bourne who be pamela landy ? nicky you hear I ? I believe you . bourne be she running treadstone ? * * 67 . q187 int . bullpen -~ berlin h.q. -- day q187 pamela all ear . nicky's voice she 's CI . counterintelligence . she 's a deputy director . bourne's voice what the hell be she do ? r187 int . pedestrian subway -~- day r187 nicky what 's she do ? nicky look at he like he 's crazy . bourne why be she try to kill I ? nicky they know ! ( defiant , reckless ) they know you be here . they know you kill this two guy . they know you and conklin have something on the side . they do not know what it be , but they know ! as bourne try to process -- s187 int . bullpen -~ berlin h.q. -- day $ 187 Radio chatter go wild . panic . delta v.o. ( into radio ) where be they ? anyone ? t187 int . pedestrian subway -~- day t187 still walk . bourne know he must be drive they nut . bourne how do they know that ? how can they know any of that ? nicky what be this , a game ? bourne I want to hear it from you . she look at he . be he crazy ? what ? bourne ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) say it . nicky last week a Agency field officer go make a buy from a Russian national . bourne a Russian ? nicky it be pamela landy 's op . the guy be go to sell - out a mole or something . have not be debrief on exactly what be . bourne last week ? when ? be she suppose to answer ? -- nicky shrug -- on nicky and you get to he before we could . bourne i_kill he ??? nicky you leave a print ! there be kel that 68. to quicksand . do not go off ! there be a partial print , they track it back to treadstone ! they know it 's you ! bourne I leave a fingerprint ! you fuck people . suddenly -- bourne's jerk she down to a lower level -- u187 v187 w187 188 189-a189 190 191 69 . int . bullpen -~ berlin h.q. -- day u187 Big static on the speaker . delta c.0o . cooly check the map . delta c.o . she must be in one of the pedestrian tunnel . ext . alexanderplatz -- day v187 as delta dude fan out , head for the subway entrance . int . pedestrian subway -- section two -- day w187 a intersection of three tunnel . bourne lead nicky far leave . she look really scared . int . / ext . berlin airport -- day 188 gretkov have land . just come off the flight -- deleted 189-a189 deleted 190 int . pedestrian subway -- section four -- day 191 bourne what be landy buy ? what kind of file ? ( when she do not answer instantly - -) what be she buying ? nicky conklin ! stuff on conklin ! ( try not to lose it ) suddenly he rip the microphone out from under she shirt -- he know of course -- drop it as he yank she along . he ee hk 192 193 int . bullpen -- berlin h.q. -- day 192 as the transmission go dead . Christ ... aboott drill a look at pamela . you fault ! pamela ( ignore abbott ) that phone have a locator on it . kurt and kim work they stuff . int . parking garage -- day 193 gloomy , desert . a mausoleum . here come nicky and bourne . she know she 's on she own now . bourne dead serious . look at he watch . bourne why be you here , then ? nicky please -- I be only here because of Paris -- because they can not figure out what you be do -- I be here because of abbott -- bourne abbott ? nicky he close down treadstone -- he take care of I after Paris ... bourne so when be I here ? nicky what do you mean ? bourne 70 . for treadstone . in Berlin . you know my file . I do a job here . when ? nicky no . you never work Berlin . bourne my first job . nicky you first assignment be geneva . * he hf * a193 b193 c193 71 . bourne that 's a lie ! nicky ( emphatic ) you never work Berlin ... bourne raise the gun -- eye go dead -- oh , shit ... nicky ( cont 'd ) no ... Jason ... please ... bourne I be here ! nicky .-- it 's not in the file ... I swear ... I know you file ... you first job be geneva !... I swear to God you never work here !... he 's so ready to kill she . nicky start to cry -- hand over she face -- cover up -- brace for the bullet she know be come -- bourne -- about to pull the trigger -- suddenly flashback ! -- a moment -- a shard -- a woman' face -- a193 back away -- begging -- begging we -- begging the camera -- pleading for her life in russian -- this awful blur of desperation and panic -- fear -- too fast -- too panicked -- jam back to b193 bourne swamp -- throw -- hesitate -- close on nicky sob now -- when ? -- finally look out , and -- bourne be gone ! int . berlin hq / command post -- night c193 a hour later . Whole new vibe . Siege mode . curtain draw . three delta dude park around the room . kurt and kim work the phone and screen . * 194 195 72 . the mood be dark . pamela , abbott , cronin all in here , the " safe " zone , away from the window -- cronin ( on a cell phone ) get it , yeah . hang on ... ( to the room ) okay , they have get three guy out front and another two take the back stair . no word on nicky . kurt ( look up from screen ) even if she 's still get you phone , it might take awhile -- signal 's hard to trace down there . pamela turn , look at the photo of bourne in naple . introspective . pamela so what 's he do ? you believe he ? abbott it 's hard to swallow . ( beat ) the confusion -- the amnesia -- but he keep on kill ? it 's more calculate than sick . ( real soft sell ) what about nicky ? she 's the last one to see bourne in Paris . she 's the one he ask for . they disappear ... pamela well , whatever he 's do , I have have enough -- this be now a search and destroy mission . ( turn to the room ) I want the Berlin police fully brief and -- ( hand the photo to cronin ) -- get this out to all the agency . abbott agree ... deleted 194 ext . berlin STREET -- night 195 a BMW park in the shadow . % he Fe hk * he HH HH hk he HH hk 196 d193 e193 73. int . BMW -- night 196 kirill wear headphone , listen to a berlin police frequency . there 's a interpol " wanted " picture of jason bourne there on the seat . he 's in play . int . berlin hq / command post -- night d193 quiet , intense activity . military radios chirping here and there . the camera find zorn move through the bullpen , carry a cup of coffee , head back toward pamela' office where -- abbott be lean in the doorway . past he , inside , we can see pamela in the midst of a tough phone conversation . cronin and the delta boss sit there with she . zorn ( the coffee ) Sir ... abbott thanks . abbott nod . take a sip . look beat . zorn ( cont would ) I have that number you want ... abbott hesitates -- but only a moment -- he never ask for a number . but he 's play along . look satisfied as zorn hand he a slip of paper . abbott ( glance at it ) she say what time I should call ? zorn the sooner the better . abbott nod . pocket the paper . turn back , as if it be nothing and -- int . berlin cyber cafe -- night e193 massive . modern . busy . bourne in the back . in a corner . f193 194 74 . do a search HOTEL brecker 1997-1999 . scrol . and then stop . freeze . because ... on the monitor a berlin newspaper archive . there it be . written large in loud , tabloid german : ( oil reformer murdered ) there 's a photograph of the Berlin Police carry two body bag out of the Hotel brecker . there 's a caption identify the dead as Vladimir and Sonya neski . there 's even a long article accompany all this , but it 's in german and we do not need to read it anyway , because -- bourne be read it . and we be read in he face . that he be rock . that he have find another bottom to the abyss . int . / ext . glass office build -- night f193 remember the building where Vic be kill ? we be back . zorn and abbott make they way in . Zorn steering they away toward a stairwell at the back ... int . glass office build electrical closet -- night 194 zorn and abbott have snuck in here . work light . Signs of repair on the wall . zorn ( nervous ) I do my box work , but I want to show you before I show landy . I come out here last night because none of this be make any sense . I mean , I be with you on this , conklin be a nut , but a traitor ? I just can not get there . abbott what do you have , Danny ? zorn ( the electrical riser ) you put a four-gam kel on here and it 's gonna take out power to the building . you know that . what you can not know , be if it 's gonna blow the room with it . 75 . abbott and ? zorn there be two charge , they be suppose to go off simultaneously . the second one , the one that do not go off , be down here ... ( point it out ) first of all , this be nothing , it 's a sub - line for the breaker above . second , why put the charge all the way down here ? if you be good enough to get in here and handle the gear , you be good enough to know you do not need this . ( beat ) bourne would know . abbott it be stage ? zorn be it a slam dunk ? no , but ... abbott Jesus ... zorn ( spit-ball ) okay . what if someone decide to cover they track by blame conklin and bourne . what if bourne do not have anything to do with this ? abbott keep go ... zorn something 's be go on here in Europe . and it 's still go on . Post conklin . who 's be in Berlin ? abbott lot of people ... zorn include landy ... ( jump off the cliff ) she have access to the archive . zorn hesitates . but it 's out . it 's in the room . a194 aa194 76 . abbott who else know about this ? zorn nobody . you. ( he 's scared ) I have to tell you , right ? abbott show I again ... zorn okay ... ( turn away , when - -) abbott -- out of nowhere -- he hand jam up into zorn' ribcage ! -- more than he hand , because zorn' eye barely have a moment to register shock before they bulge . clench the young man 's body , pull he close , as he turn the knife and -- zorn be dead . abbott without hesitation . shift away from the blood . letting the body fall . abbott stand there . listen . check himself for blood . he 's clean . look for a place to stash the body , as -- ext . HOTEL brecker -- night a194 bourne across the street . stare at the hotel . haunted . as a police siren edge closer through the empty street -- flashback ! aa194 we be a Pov -- a stake - out -- watch the HOTEL across the way -- the Pov check its watch -- check the perimeter , the street desert , forebode -- the HOTEL we destiny wait up there somehow -- -- and suddenly a light come on -- a terrible signal -- and as the car suddenly lurch forward and around the corner -- 77 . ab194 back to : ab194 bourne muscle up he backpack . head toward the hotel . b194 int . HOTEL brecker lobby -- night b194 and hotel . fusty but comfortable . and busy . guest and staff do they thing . a clerk behind the reception desk . clerk gute abend . bourne ( play it american ) gute abend . clerk ( switch to English ) can I help you ? suddenly ba194 flashback ! -- the lobby , but seven year ago -- ba194 across the room -- a man buttone a raincoat as he pass -- neski ! -- bb194 jamming back to bb194 bourne stall -- come back , as -- clerk ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) Sir ? ( smile ) do you have a reservation ? bourne no. sorry . I just get in ... ( vallying back ) I -- be room 645 available ? ( off the clerk 's look ) I stay there before . my wife and I . the clerk nod , check the register . the concierge just down the desk glance over at bourne . nodding hello and -- clerk I be sorry , that room be occupy . would room 644 be okay , it 's just across the hall ... 194c - D 195 a196 197 198 a198 b198/200 78. bourne sure . that 's fine . danka . deleted 194c-d shot 195 int . HOTEL brecker elevator -- night a196 bourne riding up . alone . dread mount , and -- int . HOTEL brecker lobby -- night 197 the concierge come out of the office with a sheet of fax paper . place it quietly down beside the clerk and -- the camera find the fax -- bourne's face -- the same " want " picture and -- int . sixth floor hallway / HOTEL brecker -- night 198 bourne off the elevator . he make he way down -- he Pov the sixth floor hallway . suddenly scary . int . BMW -- night a198 kirill sit up as the police radio start broadcoast a all - point bulletin , the word " Hotel brecker " in there -- kirill drop the car into gear and -- int . sixth floor hallway / HOTEL brecker -- night b198/200 bourne walk . there 's he room , # 618 . but across the hall and down one ... room # 645 . bourne step up . listen a moment . then he knock . nothing . he pull a knife from he pocket . 199 201 202 203 204 205 206 79 . check the hallway . he 's clear . wedge the blade in there and -- one ...two ... pop . deleted 199 int . room # 645 HOTEL brecker -- night 201 bourne enter a suite . close the door behind he . -- and treadstone bourne , seven year ago , do the same -- bourne shake off the flash , look around . the light be on . a open suitcase on the bed . int . HOTEL brecker lobby -- night 202 the clerk , the concierge and the manager be huddle in conversation with three berlin cop who have just arrive and -- try to be discreet , but ... this be clearly serious . int . room # 645 HOTEL brecker -- night 203 bourne just stand there . breathe it in . treadstone bourne do the same -- deleted 204 int . room # 645 HOTEL brecker -- night 205 bourne with he hand on the wall . as if he can feel it . like it 's all still here . heart pound and -- int . berlin hq / command post -- night 206 Chaos -- bourne 's be find -- everybody rush out -- cronin ( to teddy ) -- go -- take the van ! -- pamela -- the hotel -- how far ? -- 207 208 209 210 211a 80 . teddy -- five , six minute -- cronin -- kurt -- you be here ! -- keep the comm line open ! -- int . room # 645 -- night 207 bourne stand there . look out the window . the image -- the Television Tower over the city . everything but the rain . ext . HOTEL brecker courtyard -~- night 208 the berlin police swat team truck arrive -- discreetly -- by the back load area . int . room # 645 bedroom -- night 209 bourne flat against the wall . just as he be . lean forward to see in the mirror . just so , and ... there . deleted 210 int . room # 645 -- flashback -- night 211a a man in the mirror -- pace into view -- neski -- on the phone -- a talk in Russian -- it 's raining -- bourne stand there -- treadstone bourne , still wet from the rain -- one eye on that mirror and the other on a syringe that he prepped -- a predator -- the mirror -- the doorbell ring -- neski get off the phone bourne tensing -- new element -- factore and -- the mirror -- as neski open the door -- a new flood of Russian -- happy -- it 's mrs . neski -- a surprise ! -- but he 's very happy to see she -- bourne pockete the syringe -- new weapon -- pistol -- quiet -- methodical -- watch the lover bill and coo and 212 212 pt 213-214 81 . the mirror -- Mr. neski kiss she -- take she bag -- she 's hang up she coat and move now toward the bathroom and -- bourne check the window -- the weapon -- he balance and the mirror -- mrs . neski be face right there -- see he -- so freak she can not even register it yet -- bourne with the pistol in she face -- finger to he lip -- " shhh ... " -- but she know -- back away -- begging for she life in Russian -- this awful blur of desperation and fear -- mr . neski turn back to see he wife back out of the bathroom and bourne with the pistol -- with no hesitation -- SNAP ! -- one shot -- into neski 's heart -- he 's down -- mrs . neski -- what 's just happen ? -- bourne have she wrist in he hand -- raise it to she head - - to where he hold the pistol -- she finger -- he trigger -- SNAP ! -- let the gun fall with she as she drop and -- bourne start to move -- start to prep he evac -- but there 's something on the dresser -- a photograph -- the neski family -- father , mother and a twelve - year -old girl -- arm around each other -- happy and bourne stare at the picture -- undone for a moment -- hard out flashback to int . room # 645 -- night 212 bourne -- we bourne -- stand where they fall . frozen there . paralyze by the shame of original sin . deleted 212 pt deleted 213-214 215 a215 216 a216 b216 c216 82. int . HOTEL brecker lobby -- night 215 a swat captain confer discreetly with the manager . manager he 's in 618 . swat captain call all the guest on the 6th floor . tell they to remain in they room . tell they it 's a police order . then start on the 5th and 8th floor . int . room # 645 -- night a215 bourne -- try to stabilize -- to breathe -- int . stairwell -- night 216 the swat team on they way up . int . room # 645 -- night a216 ring ! ring ! bourne snap back as the phone in he room start to ring . four time and it stop . bourne freeze . footstep . shadows under the door . he lean into the peephole . bourne's Pov room # 644 . german s.w.a.t. team . take position . int . room # 645 -- night b216 bourne back away -- survey the room -- he watch -- he balance and -- ext . STREET outside the HOTEL brecker -- night c216 quickly turn into a major event -- half-a-dozen police vehicle already park here -- more arriving every minute - passersby mixing with the cop and people from the HOTEL who have just come out and -- the camera find 217 218 219 a219 220 221 222 223 225 83. kirill jogging over from the BMW he 's just park and -- deleted 217 * deleted 218 int . room # 644 HOTEL brecker -- night 219 wham ! -- the door kicked off its hinges ! -- swat team flooding into bourne's empty HOTEL room and -- int . room # 645 HOTEL brecker -- night a219 bourne -- in motion -- out the bathroom window and -- int . HOTEL brecker sixth floor hallway -- night 220 berlin swat leader give order to search other room and -- ext . HOTEL brecker facade -- night 221 bourne up the water pipe to the roof -- as he arrive , a * swat team member turn -- bourne pull he over the edge -- * fire point blank into the 2nd swat member 's vest -- * stun he . he 's move fast -- scramble along the * roof and into the night ... * int . sixth floor hallway room # 645 -- night 222 wham ! the door cave in and the swat team move enter # 645 -- rush to the window -- nobody -- no sign of he and -- ext . STREET outside the HOTEL brecker -- night 223 kirill head for the HOTEL entrance block by the * exite guest . * int . HOTEL brecker sixth floor hallway -- night 225 too many cop and radio -- 226 227 228-229 230 231 234 232 84 . swat team boss ( try to take charge ) ( -- listen up ! -- we're clearing the build ! -- room by room ! --) ext . STREET outside the HOTEL brecker -~ night 226 pamela jump out of a van the moment it stop . see it all . the crowd . the army of cop . the searchlight play across the HOTEL facade . it 's another disaster . int . HOTEL brecker lobby -- night 227 kirill want to get upstairs -- he can not -- too many guest come down the stairwell -- berlin cop try keep it move and -- deleted 228-229 int . HOTEL brecker lobby -- night 230 kirill hear bourne be on the roof . deleted 231 deleted 234 int . lobby / the HOTEL brecker -- night 232 pamela and cronin listen to teddy who just get the police update -- teddy Black coat , possibly leather . Dark slack . Dark t-shirt. ( point now - - ) he say they be gonna try and corral the guest on the street over there , and then check they out , but ... pamela ( disgust ) yeah , that will work ... what the hell be he do here ? 233 234 244 85 . cronin maybe he just need a place to spend the night ? pamela I want to look at the room . * ( to teddy as she go ) check it out . * * pamela be in charge now . they enter the elevator . * ext . STREET behind the HOTEL brecker -~ night 233 bourne come around the other side of the hotel -- stepping to the leave before he spot the swat van -- bourne about - face -- head the other way -- a sidewalk cop look over , check the bourne photo print - out in he hand . deleted 234 * ext . STREET outside the HOTEL brecker -~ night 244 teddy huddle with the HOTEL manager and a group of high - ranking berlin cop , turn back as -- abbott ( arrive breathless ) they miss he ? teddy * so far . but they find nicky . she 's back at the westin . bourne let she go . % abbott he let she go ? great . where 's Danny ? he should head over there and debrief she . ee ek ( the Hotel ) what 's here ? what be he do ? teddy we do not know . they be in a room upstairs . I be tell to wait down here . abbott accept that . because he have to . only we see the fear . turn to leave ... * 235 a235 237 a237 b237 86 . abbott ok , if you see Danny tell he I go back to the hotel . abbott step out into the street as ... ext . STREET near the HOTEL brecker -- night 235 bourne stride away and -- follow -- sidewalk cop blow a whistle -- fumble for he holster . bourne run now , slowly at first , and -- ext . side -~street near the HOTEL -- night a235 now faster , as if he can gauge he speed and distance ... ext . side -~street near the HOTEL -- night 237 motion -- bourne tear away and -- ext . bigger berlin STREET -- night a237 bourne slow to a walk -- two patrol car head he way -- no choice -- there -- a narrow passageway between two moving trolley train and -- sprint through -- the patrol car skid into 180' . ext . berlin bridge -- night b237 the river spree light by the trolley that 's rumbling past and the run light of a double coal barge up the river . bourne run across the bridge -- go as fast as he can -- hearing the police siren swirl behind he , when -- a third and FOURTH police car ahead ! bourne turn hard for a stairwell , jump the walkway curb , leap up the stair , two at a time , as -- all four cop car skid to a stop . as door open -- 238 239 240 87 . ext . tram platform -- berlin bridge ~- night 238 a tram wait as the last few passengers get on . the door seem to stay open in slow motion as -- bourne appear -- make a mad last dash -- and he 's on ! and the door do not close ! it 's not schedule to go yet . and here come the cop ! bourne off the tram -- gun appear -- bourne run to he leave -- stop short -- the other cop be come this way -- scream at he -- not a lot of option -- bourne look over the rail -- down below a coal barge pass , the prow just emerge -- bourne on the rail and jumping even as the first shot be fire -- ext . double coal barge -- night 239 bourne land hard -- stand -- voltage go up one leg -- and they be shoot at he . he can worry about the leg later . he run . back toward they ! the barge move slow -- bourne disappear under the bridge . ext . berlin bridge -- night 240 gun aim , police wait for a clear shot . two of they dash to watch over the other side . 241 242 243 245 pt 88. ext . under the bridge -- night 241 counter -- the barge go one way -- bourne the other -- dodging all the super- structure on deck -- all the while keep he cover overhead -- and leaping to the second barge ! and more of the same , until -- bourne run out of barge -- leaping back onto the bridge footing and -- ext . berlin bridge -- night 242 the police watch the barge fully emerge -- continue down river -- shout in german that he 's either " in the water " or " hide on the barge " . off they go -- down the stair -- leave the passengers on the tram blink out in shock -- and bourne -- climb back over the rail -- limp back on the tram just before -- the door close -- and off it go -- ext . next bridge down -- night 243 police converge from both end -- barge go under as kirill arrive at the center of the bridge -- miss again -- behind kirill , a train snake off into the night ... int . room # 645 -- HOTEL brecker -- night 245 pt pamela and cronin move into the live room . a couple of cop in the hallway outside . cronin the room he check into be across the hall -- why , why would he come here ? pamela glance around -- something bother she about this space -- 246-247 245 pt 253 89 . pamela he must have have a reason . that 's how they be train . cronin move around the bedroom , then into the bathroom and -- cronin he go out the window in here ... deleted 246-247 int . room # 645 -- bathroom -- night 245 pt there on the mirror -- scrawle in soap on the glass ... cronin Pam , you need to see this . pamela move in behind he . cronin ( cont 'd ) who 's neski ? both of they stare . pamela ( think ) alright ... take it down . cronin what ? pamela this stay between you and i. ( sense confusion ) we finally have a edge . I do not want to lose it . ext . cathedral plaza -- night 253 very late -- abbott wait on a isolate bridge -- a lone figure in the shadow of East Berlin . gretkov arrive by car . walk through the darkness . abbott barely glance over . * * % ee ek 90 . abbott you tell I bourne be dead . gretkov there be a mistake . abbott I will say . you kill he goddam girlfriend instead . now they be onto neski . they're at the brecker Hotel even as we speak . gretkov will it track back to we ? abbott no . the file be spotless . whatever they find , it 's just go to make conklin look worse . gretkov and the landy woman ? abbott she 's do everything I want . she bit on conklin so fast it be laughable . she even find he bogus swiss account ... gretkov anything else ? abbott shove a piece of paper -- and address -- into gretkov be hand . abbott ( the paper ) there 's a body in the basement . Danny Zorn . he 's get to disappear . for good . clean and fast . i'11l put he in bed with conklin and bourne . even the girl , nicky . give I twenty - four hour , I will think it up . but get the goddamn body out of there . it 's get late . a taxi now and then ... abbott ( cont 'd ) neski be a roadblock . without I , there 's no company , no fortune . you owe I , uri . one last push . gretkov one last push . one . ee ek * 254 255 a248 248 91 . gretkov leave . abbott watch he go . ext . mercede -- night 254 second later . gretkov get in slowly . int . mercede -- night 255 kirill slouched in back . wait . gretkov to the driver . gretkov ( Airport . ) ( to kirill ) ( we be do here . ) kirill nod . as they pull away , abbott turn and walk into the foggy night ... ext . berlin STREET -- night a248 late . abbott walk . a lonely figure . past someone in the shadow -- bourne Mr. abbott ? he turn to answer when bourne firmly guide he into a side street ... *** bourne / abbott scene *** int . lobby -- HOTEL brecker ~~ night 248 as pamela and cronin exit the elevator , they be meet by teddy . teddy here 's what I have get . ( read ) remember Vladimir neski ? Russian politician ? Seven year ago , he be due to speak to a group of european oil minister here at the hotel . he never do . he be murder . pamela by who ? ee ek % 249 250 251 252 92 . teddy his wife . in room 645 . then she shot herself . ( pamela and cronin share a look ) pamela ( to teddy ) alright ... I want you , kurt and Kim to stay on bourne , track everything that 's out there ... teddy go to get in the van . pamela follow with cronin . pamela ( cont 'd ) ( confidentially to cronin ) and I want you to go through and cross reference we buy that go bad , the neskis , and treadstone -- as they get in ... pamela ( cont 'd ) -- they have to be related . ext . berlin train station -- night 249 bourne's arrive . limp . as he continue for the station -- int . berlin train station locker area -- night 250 bourne retrieve the exfil bag he stashed in the locker . change he clothes . int . berlin train station men' room -- night 251 bag sling -- limping out -- bourne have change clothes . a big overcoat , knit cap . int . berlin train station platform -- night 252 a busy midnight departure . Big train . bourne climb on the train , under the sign : moscow express ee ek a ae ee * ee ek 253-255 a256 256 257 258-259 a260 93. move 253-255 int . new berlin hq / command post -- night a256 a blueprint spread across a table . nicky , kurt & kim all gather around . cronin work the treadstone file on another table . teddy at center briefing pamela . teddy we be look at all Berlin outbound . good news be , every train station in Berlin have thirty to forty fix , digital security camera . common feed . pamela be we hack or ask ? teddy yes . in that order . pamela and what about you , anything ? cronin it 's start to link up -- the hijacked money -- the leak -- peco oil -- one last bit be treadstone . ext . moscow train -- night 256 cross the border into Poland -- cold , desolate , snow -- int . moscow train / passenger car -- night 257 conductor move quietly through the dark car . check ticket and visa and -- bourne -- hand over he ticket and russian passport -- off the grid -- deleted 258-259 int . new berlin hq / command post -- night a260 4:00 am. kurt , kim , and teddy spread around the room . they have be run laptop train station video for hour . just about ready to raise the white flag . * ee ek * * 260 94 , all they have so far be a isolate loop of bourne limping into the men' room . cronin watch it stutter along . cronin do it look like he 's fake ? teddy on the way in ? forget it . kurt the leg 's definitely hurt . cronin ( the blueprint ) well , there 's no window in the men' room , folk , so let 's find somebody come out with a bad leave leg . kurt ( wear out ) maybe he 's still in there . teddy I have get a limping guy , but it 's the right leg . kim walk away , or walk toward you ? cronin jump on that , right there , over teddy be shoulder - cronin that 's he . it 's the coat ! what train be that ? int . moscow train / passenger car -- dawn 260 bourne -- asleep in he chair -- rock by the rhythm . but something wake he up . look out the window -- something weird about the light out there -- then up to see : marie -- look at he over the back of he chair in front of he -- no big deal -- bourne hey ... she smile . a beat . she come around , sit beside he . he look away out the window . % ee ek % 95 . bourne ( cont 'd ) I want to kill he . marie but you find another choice . bourne I do . marie it would not have change the way you feel . bourne it might have . bourne look back at she . she smile . he accept it , lean back , close he eye . bourne ( cont 'd ) I know it 's a dream . marie you do ? bourne I only dream about people who be dead . marie lean over , kiss he forehead . whisper -- bourne ( cont 'd ) God , I miss you . I do not know what to do without you . marie ( softly , serenely ) Jason . you know exactly what to do . that be you mission now . bourne open he eye . and it 's morning outside . and Marie be go . a little girl smile at he from over the back of the chair in front . bourne can not meet she gaze for long . as he look back out the window -- 261-262 deleted 261-262 * * 263 264 96 . int . moscow train / passenger car -- dawn 263 bourne watch the birch tree rush past , not quite hide the smokestack beyond . eye lock . forge something within , one final mission , as we -- int . berlin westin HOTEL lobby -- early morning 264 abbott come through . it 's empty this early , but -- here 's pamela , nicky , cronin and the team wait to report . pamela sorry to wake you . abbott ( wave off apology ) I be not sleep . ( to nicky as he pass ) you ok ? nicky yeah , thanks . abbott what 's up ? pamela bunch of stuff . pamela look to cronin -- he first . cronin we tie the room bourne visit tonight to a murder / suicide seven year ago . a Russian couple , the neskis . abbott ( play along ) neski . the reformer . I remember that . cronin he champion the equal distribution of oil lease in the Caspian Sea . when he die , they be all release to one petroleum company , peco oil . guess what ? -- the ceo , uri gretkov , be ex - kgb . % he he hk * 97 . nicky someone be use treadstone as a private clean service . abbott conklin ... ( a beat ) it 's -- I be sorry , pamela . I guess you be right all along . pamela wave he off , it 's okay , but -- pamela there 's something else . abbott can see by they face : this hit closer to home . abbott what ? pamela they find Danny Zorn 's body . Dead in the basement at the building where my people get hit the first time . abbott oh , God ... it must have be bourne . pamela do he say anything to you ? abbott no ... it must have be bourne . pamela , straight ... pamela we will know for sure when we get the security tape . cronin but we can relax . we track he . he 's on a train to Moscow . abbott reeling , hide it . abbott Moscow ? what the Hell 's he go to Moscow for ? % he eh hk 98 . pamela ( shrug ) do not know . abbott Jesus ... I , Zorn ... I have to call he family . tell they ... pamela I be sorry , Ward . they watch as he go . 265 int . westin elevator -- dawn 265 abbott in the rise elevator . implode . 266 int . gretkove office -- morning 266 palatial . but you can not buy taste . gretkov work he computer -- answer he phone . gretkov Da ... abbott / phone you do not stay , uri. gretkov ( matter of fact ) this be not a clean phone . 267 int . westin grand HOTEL lobby -- dawn 267 everyone still here . cronin answer he cell phone -- motion to they , he 's get news -- cronin ( phone to he ear ) you be sure ? pamela what ? the tape ? cronin ( nodd but ) hold on ... ( hold the phone ) yep . and abbott just direct dial Moscow from he room ... 268 a268 99 . now we realize , she 's set a trap and abbott 's walk in . all the same , pamela shake she head , wish it be not true . and they be move -- int . abbott' westin HOTEL room -~- dawn 268 abbott at he desk , still on the phone , pour a vodka . gretkov leave be a business decision . we ' both rich , come enjoy it . abbott what do you mean ? gretkov be go to the airport . get a plane . i'1l have a brass band wait for you . abbott save it for bourne . gretkov what ? there 's a knocking at he door -- abbott simply ignore it . abbott he leave yesterday on the night train . he 's probably just get in now . ( he drink ) you will have to hurry . gretkov bourne come here ? why ? more knocking ... abbott good luck . ext . moscow train -- dawn speed East through the Russian countryside . be go , replace by factory and refinery . wasteland of rust and gray that seem to go on a268 the forest a forever -- * 269 a269 100 . int . westin hallway outside abbott' room -- night 269 pamela knock again . nicky , teddy and cronin behind she . pamela open it . cronin with a pass key . teddy prepped and -- int . abbott' westin HOTEL room -- night a269 pamela lead -- they enter -- stop short -- abbott at he desk , calmly point a pistol -- at pamela . abbott they go . you stay . she look back . cronin shake he head ' no ' . pamela yes. now ... they reluctantly obey . the door click shut behind they . abbott sit down . pamela I would rather stand if it 's all the same to you . abbott I do not exactly know what to say -- I be sorry . pamela ' why ' would be enough for I . abbott I be not a traitor . I have serve my country . pamela and pockete a fair amount of change while do it . abbott why not ? it be just money . 270 271 101 . pamela and Danny Zorn , what be that ? abbott have to be do . pamela no good option leave ? abbott ( shrug ) in the end , honestly , it 's hubris . simple hubris . you reach a point in this game when the only satisfaction leave be to see how clever you be . pamela no . you lose you way . abbott well , you be probably right . I guess that 's all that hubris be . he raise the gun . pamela -- press she lip together , close she eye . boom ! she open they . and as cronin fly back through the door -- there 's abbott -- dead at the desk -- he 's shot himself -- also , in a way , with some help from bourne . int . platform -- moscow train station -- day 270 the train ease to a stop . the platform busy with people wait and -- passengers disembark . bourne among they . unremarkable in the crowd and -- int . moscow train station -- day 271 bourne on the move . welcome to the whole mad Moscow scene . a jumble of face and voice . traveller . arrival and departure . families . beggar . drunk war vet . hawkers . ce * 272 273 274 275 102 . ext . moscow train station cab stand -- day 272 there , in the plaza . bourne hobbling across the street , when suddenly -- a car horn ! -- he turn and -- look out ! a big black BMW speed past -- follow by two more -- all three car with blue light strobing on the dashboard - a convoy -- whipping by like they own the place and -- taxi driver ( os ) ( gangster bastard do not care what they do . ) bourne turn . a grizzle taxi driver right beside he . bourne pull a slip of paper from he pocket . bourne ( he Russian be basic ) ( you know this address ? ) the taxi driver squint , finally grunt affirmative . he motion to he cab . as they get in and pull away -- int . moscow garage -- day 273 lot of car . no people . but someone run ... it 's kirill pull he key as he sprint past and -- deleted 274 int . moscow taxi -~ day 275 bourne and the taxi driver look over as three moscow police car speed by -- siren wailing -- taxi driver ( it 's always something , right ? ) bourne just nod , as we -- 276 277 278 279 280 103 . int . / ext . black BMW -- day 276 kirill at the wheel . a guy in a hurry who know what he 's do . one more thing , on the passenger seat -- two big automatic pistol -- ext . moscow train station -- day 277 moscow cop fan through the crowd show bourne's interpol picture . " have you see he ? " ext . moscow train station cab stand -- day 278 moscow cop with the picture . flash it around , until -- young cabby ( the moment he see it ) ( he be just here . they just leave . ) int . moscow taxi -- day 279 they have stop . bourne flash a fifty dollar bill -- bourne you wait . you understand ? stay . taxi driver ( happy to pocket the cash ) sure . no problem . I sit . ext . old moscow STREET -- day 280 Old Moscow . but not for long , there 's new construction metastasize all around it . bourne cross the street and he Pov a abandoned wooden house . window shattered and board up . paint all but go . roof and gable all fail . back to bourne crestfallen . check the address . this be it . 104 . 281 ext . moscow train station cab stand -- day 281 more cop . everything focus on another taxi driver who 's make a call on a cell phone -- everybody wait on it -- 282 ext . abandoned wooden house -- day 282 bourne off the sidewalk now , peer around the side , try to see if there 's anything around back and -- over there a old woman on the step next door . watch he . bourne start over . find the sweetest smile he 's get -- 283 int . moscow taxi -- day 283 the taxi driver still park there -- he Pov bourne and the old lady -- she 's point like she 's give direction -- when suddenly , the Driver 's cell phone ring - taxi driver / phone ( hello ...? ) 284 ext . abandoned wooden house -- day 284 bourne and the old lady . his Russian be limited , but she 's charme nonetheless -- bourne ( a pen ... to write ... one minute ... ) ( search he pocket ) 285 int . moscow taxi -- day 285 the taxi driver on the phone -- not so happy anymore -- taxi driver ( -- I be look at he -- american -- he 's right here ! --) 286 287 288 289 290 291 292 293 294 105 . ext . abandoned wooden house -- day 286 the old lady scribbling on a piece of paper . bourne reacting as the taxi drop into gear . pull away . bourne wait ! hey ! but the taxi only speed up , and -- ext . moscow train station -- day 287 moscow police car tear away and -- deleted 288 int . black BMW -- day 289 kirill drive . reaching for he ringing phone and -- ext . moscow STREET -- day 290 the black BMW -- a moment later -- slamm on the brake -- fishtail a u-turn and -- ext . moscow build project -- day 291 bourne hustling past all the new construction . glancing back as police siren start rise behind he and -- int . red lexus -- day 292 kirill skid around another corner and -- ext . abandoned wooden house -- day 293 two police car just stop there -- cop -- the old lady point -- everyone turn as -- the red lexus speed past they and -- deleted 294 295 296 297 298 299 300 301 302 303 106 . ext . concrete stair -- day 295 bourne come down as fast as he can -- just ahead there 's a footpath beneath a four lane overpass -- a neighborhood on the other side -- he could disappear there -- int . red lexus -- day 296 kirill drive and scan -- there ! -- as he pass it -- the overpass -- slamm on the brake and -- ext . footpath -- day 297 bourne hobbling out in the open -- twenty yard to go -- ext . overpass -- day 298 kirill jump out of the Lexus with a pistol in hand and -- ext . footpath -- day 299 bourne -- no clue -- bang ! -- he shoulder ! -- he 's hit ! -- he throw himself forward and -- ext . overpass -- day 300 kirill shifting for a better second shot and -- ext . footpath -- day 301 bourne -- he 's diving ! -- roll ! -- pure instinct -- back under the embankment and -- ext . overpass -- day 302 kirill with no shot suddenly -- lean over the rail -- just as the two moscow police car come scream up -- moscow cop jump out with gun draw and -- ext . footpath -- day 303 bourne -- he 's up -- he 's bleed -- he 's move and -- 304 a304 a305 305 306 307 308 107 . ext . overpass -- day 304 chaos -- kirill with he hand in the air -- moscow cop come toward he -- everyone scream -- moscow cop mock - bourne ( -- up ! -- hand up ! -- keep ( -- i'm kgb , asshole ! -- they up ! -- drop the gun ! -- we're chasing the same guy ! drop it ! --) - he's getting away ! --) they let kirill go -- he look back at the footpath -- bourne be go -- as ext . moscow CITY STREET -- day a304 gretkov stroll along , suddenly two black sedan pull up and he be arrest . int . pedestrian tunnel -- day a305 bourne hurriedly make he way to the other end -- a few beat later -- kirill on the hunt -- ext . moscow outdoor market -- day 305 a labyrinth of stall . food. hardware . clothes . and crowded . even this hard - to-impress crowd notice -- bourne hobbling through . nothing like a limping madman with a fresh gunshot wound to get attention -- people back off -- pull there kide out of the way -- some woman start scream and -- int . moscow enclosed market -- day 306 a security guard -- hear the commotion -- jog out and -- deleted 307 ext . nearby moscow STREET -- day 308 kirill run toward the market -- five moscow cop behind he , can not keep up and -- 309 310 311 312 313-314 315 316 317 108 . int . moscow outdoor market -~ day 309 * the security guard come up fast behind bourne -- security guard ( -- hey ! -- hey you ! -- stop ! --) bourne turn . the security guard right behind he and -- bourne -- no warning -- he good arm -- smash !!! -- right into the security guard face and -- bourne take he pistol and -- the crowd -- they jump -- holy shit ! int . moscow enclosed market -- day 310 crazy -- kirill sprinting through -- where do bourne go ? -- int . moscow outdoor market -- day 311 * bourne back on the march , except now he 's shopping ! -- grabbing -- a bundle of tube sock and -- int . moscow outdoor market -~ day 312 * kirill sprinting out toward the stall and -- deleted 313-314 int . moscow outdoor market -~ day 315 * bourne -- there ! -- a roll of duct tape and -- -- a bottle of vodka and -- int . moscow outdoor market -- day 316 * kirill fight he way through the fleeing crowd -- deleted 317 * 109 . 318 pt 1 ext . moscow outdoor market -- day 318 pt 1 bourne -- leave the market -- take a swig of vodka and -- continue -- know there be two new cop on he ass . 318 pt 2 ext . market parking lot -- day 318 pt 2 another cab stand . cabbie by a yellow cab , look up to see bourne -- come toward he -- and also -- the two cop . as bourne near , the cabbie shake he head . bourne pivot -- casually -- like he do not know they be come until -- he spit ! -- vodka -- into one of the cop 's face ! -- blind as bourne take he and he partner out . the cabbie raise he hand in surrender , step aside as bourne take he car -- 318 pt 3 int. / ext . cab -- day 318 pt 3 bourne in the yellow cab -- start the engine -- peel away ! -- careen into the street and -- kirill sprinting into the parking lot , just in time to see - 318 pt 4 int . cab -- day 318 pt 4 bourne concentrate away the pain -- try to drive -- 319 ext . market parking lot -- day 319 two lady duck behind a big black g- wagon -- freak out as kirill grab they key and -- 320-335 int./ ext . moscow street / car / face -- day 320-335 the cab speed across a boulevard into a older neighborhood of rise narrow street and -- two moscow police car pulling u-turn on the boulevard -- whipping around to give chase and -- 110 . the g-wagon in full pursuit now and -- bourne drive -- up this curving little hill and -- the two moscow police car start to climb and -- kirill drive and he 's on the hill now -- bourne -- bad hand on the wheel -- hold on -- try to find something in passenger seat -- tube sock ? the two moscow police car split up ! -- one on bourne 's ass -- the other cut hard into a side STREET , flanking he and -- bourne -- topping the hill -- two choice -- right or leave ? right ! -- no ! -- wrong -- because down the hill there 's a police car just about to angle in from the side - STREET and - bourne -- no choice -- flooring it ! -- the cab -- it 's a whale -- slam ! -- knife the front end of the police car and -- the police car -- spun back ! -- crashing against a build on the corner and -- kirill -- right behind that guy -- swerving -- onto the sidewalk -- SPARKS from the wall as he scrape ! -- hang in -- skid into a turn down the hill and -- just missing the first police car bombing right past he ! bourne -- in pain as he pack he shoulder wound with the sock -- ahead -- the street bank downhill to leave and -- there ! -- a boulevard -- wide ride -- lot of traffic and -- the cab rocketing into the flow and -- behind he -- police car # 1 with the g- wagon right on he ass and -- bourne -- wrist flick the wheel . the cab scream through the slower traffic and -- kirill -- totally on it -- pedal down -- passenger window open -- wind blow -- he 's get the pistol in he hand -- close the gap and -- the black g-wagon -- blow past police car # 1 and -- 336-337 111 . bourne -- steering -- barely -- as he tear a few strip of duct tape to finish he triage -- blam ! -- blam !! -- the g-wagon -- right beside he ! -- bourne -- reacting -- what the fuck ?! -- that 's not a cop ! - - but no time to clock kirill because -- kirill -- shit ! -- can not keep shoot -- into the oncoming lane -- swinging wide -- a truck ! -- swerving again and -- the cab -- waver again -- rallying and -- up ahead -- the boulevard open into the river beltway -- big -- wide -- fast -- kremlin in the bg and -- four new police car scream down from red square and -- bourne skid onto the beltway -- look for room -- -- find it -- open road -- kirill back in the hunt and -- the river beltway -- cab scream past -- then one -- two - - three -- four police car -- now the black g- wagon and -- bourne -- both hand on the wheel -- he 's already forget about he shoulder -- the beltway -- up ahead -- another choice -- right take you up to the city -- leave be a transit tunnel and -- bourne -- check he rearview -- start right and -- the two lead police car right on he ass and -- bourne -- fake out -- veer leave ! -- last second -- into the tunnel and -- the two lead police car -- wrong -- and worse , try to change -- crash !!!! -- spinning -- and it 's not just they -- a third police car catch in the clutter -- not to mention the commuter -- crash !!! the Police be out of the race . kirill -- not fool -- thread the needle -- through the carnage and into -- deleted 336-337 % ee ek * 338 112 . int . the tunnel -- day 338 four lane -- two way -- and long -- there 's -- the cab -- squibbing past slower car and -- kirill on he -- move for move -- follow the leader and -- bourne -- check the rearview -- he 's lose they all but the g-wagon -- who the hell be that ? -- the heavyweights . World championship belt up for grab . kirill -- gain -- nearly pull level . bourne -- nowhere to go -- that 's never stop he before - - he carve a path -- turn two lane into three as spark he way through a lane split -- the g-wagon -- roaring after he . bourne -- check the mirror -- closer -- who the Hell be that guy ? -- kirill -- gain -- firing through he passenger window . bourne -- brake -- tunnel -- as the two vehicle scrape along each other -- kirill -- firing back -- odd angle -- bourne -- ducking for meager cover as bullet stitch through the roof -- tunnel -- the g-wagon crush the cab against the wall -- spark shower the windshield -- finally -- the cab -- shoot ahead -- kirill -- in a control fury -- the suv -- jerk hard and right into the rear of the cab -- bourne -- try to keep control -- spot a maintenance truck up ahead -- kirill -- bang away as he quarry straighten -- maintenance truck -- loom -- * 113. bourne -- a hard leave -- tunnel -- the cab wrapping around the front of the suv -- wham ! -- push it to the right -- the cab continue -- spinning around the g-wagon -- detail -- front bumper lock on rear fender as -- tunnel -- the g-wagon hurtle forward -- the cab ass end first -- lock together -- kirill -- fire into the cab -- really unload now -- bourne -- down on the floor -- a tornado overhead -- kirill -- slap in a new clip -- intense -- bourne -- gun against he door -- just below the window knob -- whump - whump -whump -- suv tire -- shredd . kirill -- fight the wheel -- another truck -- loom large -- bourne -- look between the seat out the rear window -- a lane dividing pillar ahead -- cab -- as bourne sit up -- jerk the wheel to the right -- tunnel -- the car unlock -- spin away from each other -- kirill -- focus -- take deadly aim -- bourne -- stare back at he -- calm -- " I know something you do not know . " kirill -- frown -- the truck -- swerve to reveal the pillar to kirill 's Pov -- kirill -- eye go wide -- whallop ! -- steel vs. concrete -- concrete victorious -- a bone compress , truly horrendous impact ! bourne -- whipping the wheel -- cab -- spin to a stop out of harm 's way -- door open 339 340-350 a351 351 352 114 . int . tunnel -- day 339 gun ready -- bourne head over . ahead -- spam in a can . bourne crouch down -- look in . kirill -- bloody , beat - to-crap -- barely alive -- but -- trap -- entombed alive by the metal crush around he -- bourne -- watch . not here to help . kirill -- look over -- calm a moment as the two man consider each other -- bourne look at he long and hard . kirill die . and bourne stand -- and just walk away -- deleted 340-350 ext . moscow airport tarmac -- day a351 snow swirl . pamela disembark from the g-5 ( or US military plane ) . she be meet by russian official . ext . moscow housing project -- twilight 351 huge , awful Soviet - era housing tower fill the horizon . a CITY bus grind to a stop . people trundle off . work people at the end of they day . tire . cold . the camera follows a girl . trudge a man-made wasteland . twenty . a proud little waif . sad eye . Home from some job . irena . ext. / int . project build entrance -- evening 352 grimmer up close . rust steel mesh over the window . drunk teenager . a haze of cigarette smoke . irena push through . do not want to talk to anyone -- 115 . 353 int . project build stairwell -~- evening 353 irena climb . a junkie here . flicker light there . 354 int . sixth floor hallway -- evening 354 irena -- she key at the door . domestic disturbance play across the hall . she open up and -- 355 int . irena' apartment -- evening 355 it 's dark . and she 's barely through the door when -- irena jump -- choke back a cry -- bourne be stand there -- propped there actually -- behind she -- gun in hand -- motion for she to be quiet -- bourne ( he shabby Russian ) ( quiet . silence . okay ? ) irena nod . scare . gun in hand , bourne push the door the last few inch so it 's fully close . irena ( I have no money . no drug . be that what you want ? ) and now she can really see he . he 's a disaster . shiver . bloody . eye more hollow than hers be . bourne sit. can you ... ( try to conjure the Russian - - ) ( the chair . have the chair . ) irena ( accented ) I speak English . bourne stare at she . nod . gesture for she to sit . bourne please ... so she do . and here they be . 116 . bourne ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) of all the people in the world , you be the only one I have anything to offer . ( hesitate ) that 's why I come here . irena ( she 's terrify ) okay . he 's get something beside he . something he 's take off the wall . it's the photograph . the neski family . same as the one that be in the Hotel brecker . Mom , dad and irena , arm around each other , in front of the house . before it be abandon . happy . smiling . perfect . bourne it 's nice . ( a beat ) do this picture mean anything to you ? ( no answer ) hmm ? irena it 's nothing . it 's just a picture . bourne no . it 's because you do not know how they die . irena ( he could not understand ) no , I do . a change in bourne as he study she , measure she . some moment of truth be here . irena brace , unsure . bourne I would want to know . ( beat ) I would want to know that my mother do not kill my father . I would want to know that she do not kill herself . irena what ? she really look at he now . fear overwhelm by curiosity . bourne I would grow up think that they do not love I if they just leave I like that . * 117 . irena make sure she eye do not leave he . they do not . bourne ( cont 'd ) ( cont would ) it change thing . that knowledge . do not it ? irena ( wary ) yes ... bourne that 's not what happen to you parent . irena then what ? bourne I kill they . body blow , but he have she attention . she wipe a tear . bourne ( cont 'd ) * it be my job . my first time . you father be suppose to be alone . but then you mother , she come out of nowhere ... ( a little shrug ) I have to change my plan . ( beat ) you understand I ? ( do she ? ) you do not have to live like that anymore . think that . irena you kill they . bourne nod , that 's right . bourne they love you . ( beat ) and I kill they . irena * how ...how can ... how can you be here and * say this ? * bourne * I do not want you to forgive I . * she stand suddenly . stands because if she do not she will burst into tear . because she know if she start cry she will not be able to make sense of this . 118 . irena for who ? ( he do not answer ) kill for who ? bourne push himself to he foot . a real effort . bourne it do not matter . you life be hard enough . irena you be a liar . bourne you know I be not . irena you're a liar ! bourne look at 'mee . there they be . two people stand in a room . square off . and now she start cry . really cry . and he 's take it . irena I should kill you ... if it 's true you should die ... I should kill you now ! bourne I can not let you do that either . irena because you be afraid ! bourne no. ( start for the door ) because you do not want to know how it feel . she hesitates . stun . he 's leave . he 's open the door . bourne ( cont 'd ) I have to go now . irena be this really happen ? * 119 . bourne ( empty ) I be sorry . and she sag . back into the chair , as -- the camera find the photograph on the table . the sound of the door close and irena cry , as -- 356 ext . housing project playground -- day 356 bourne trudging along . across the snow . he 's do it . and he really can not take another step . there 's a bench . he sit down . out of gas . he just might die here . we slowly tilt up to the multi - color Moscow tenement . fade out : 357 int . hospital room -- day 357 bourne waking up -- sit up -- where be he ? -- try to get he bearing -- but it 's so bright -- white wall -- sheet -- sunshine through clean window and -- pamela ( os ) hello , David . there she be . stand at the foot of he bed . bourne where be I ? pamela ramstein Air base , Germany . ( smile ) before the wall fall you would have wake up in a Russian prison hospital . he look around -- try to move -- hammer by pain . bourne oh , shit ... pamela careful ... 120. Long moment . he 's take it in . try to . bourne why be I alive ? pamela be you disappointed ? they study each other a beat . bourne I know who you be . pamela nod . very calm here . no sudden movement . pamela thank you for you gift . I be sorry about Marie . bourne what 's that ? pamela do you think you can read ? be you well enough ? she have a folder . a photograph -- bourne 's face -- staple to the cover . pamela ( cont 'd ) it 's all in here . treadstone . a summary of you life . all of it . he wave it off . bourne do not need it . I remember everything . pamela ( smile again ) sound like a threat . bourne you do not answer my question . pamela why you be alive ? ( beat ) you be alive because you be special . because she keep you alive . ( she smile ) because we want you back on we side . bourne silent . but hearing it . pamela leave the file . 358 359 360 121 . pamela ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) take a look at it . we will talk later . bourne watch she back away . as she exit into -- int . hospital corridor -~- day 358 Long , sterile hallway . cronin and nicky stand there with a AIR force sentry assign to guard the room . cronin and nicky try to play it cool , but now , as they get some distance down the hallway -- pamela * ( to the sentry ) * let 's give he half a hour . * nicky ( quietly ) so? pamela felt promise . it 's a start . * a chill in the air . both of they go quiet because there 's a nurse carry a tray of food . she 's come toward we . they be walk away . the camera stay with the nurse now . come up the hall . the sentry smile -- open the door and she enter -- int . hospital room -- day 359 empty bed . open window . bourne be go . as the music start pumping , and we ... ext . museum island bridge -- berlin -- day 360 * off he go . disappear into thin air ... * fade out . * the end