the descent 2 revision by James watkin 26th January 2008 Christian colson celador film 39 Long acre London wc2e 9lg tel : +44 ( 0)207 8456988 ext . appalachian mountain - dusk [ helicopter shot ] Storm cloud scud over a mountain range . impose peak impassable pine forest . a phone line ring over , connect to ... voicemail message . ghost voice . sarah carter ( 0.s. ) hi , this be Sarah Carter . I be away for the rest of the month and will not be pick up message . beth ( 0.s. ) hi , this be Beth . I be in America , so please do not leave I a message as it 's so expensive to pick they up ! ext . forest clearing - dusk two abandon 4 x4 jeep . on one bumper , a ' rock chic’ sticker . Inside , a cellphone glow on the dashboard . holly ( 0.s. ) hey , this be Holly 's phone . no shit ! leave a fuckin’ message . unless you be Bobby Flynn - Bobby piss off you stalker creep . ext . log cabin - night a backwood cabin . Dark forest encroach all around . rebecca ( 0.s. ) hi , this be Rebecca Van ney . I be out of the office until the 13th . in emergency , you can reach I via juno Kaplan on - int . log cabin - dusk [ steadicam ] eerily empty room , corridor . Party leftover . the girl 's suitcase , clothes , cosmetics , photo album , medication ... a cellphone vibrate ... JUNO kaplan ( 0.s. ) this be juno . I can not make the phone right now . please leave a short message and I 'il get back to you when I can . a long message beep . int . boreham cavern - darkness Black screen . a man 's voice - mountain rescue ranger ( 0.s. ) this be pulaskie Mountain rescue . we have a open flightplan which you file for boreham cavern which you fail to close yesterday . we have no record of you return and you list outside contact have not hear from you . please call we urgently if you have forget to sign back in . if we do not hear from you , we will assume you be still underground and scramble a emergency response . flashlight finally pierce the black dan shepherd lead he rescue team - greg and cath - as they edge sideways along a thin , sloping seam . Dan 's 42 , a geologist by training , have a instinctive feel for the rock . a englishman , he be precise and spare in he movement and manners . cath 's 26 , a conservationist , who double as a rescue volunteer . greg 's 22 , a climb instructor and extreme sport junkie , always first up for a thrill - ride . int . cave - darkness they reach a junction . Dan gesture to cath . she put on headphone . sweep each passage with a directional microphone . under the hiss , something faint . it sound like clicking . cath turn up the dial . concentrate . half -heard against electronic hum : click . click . fricative , faintly human . greg glug he sport drink . Dan silence he . they stand , statue , as cath focus , frown ... click . click . Signs of life ? or static hiss ? Dan shine he torch in the direction of the microphone . the tunnel taper to a crawlspace . he give greg the nod . greg disappear like a dachshund down a rabbit hole . Dan follow . then cath . int . crawlspace - darkness tight . claustrophobic . the team wriggle on hand and knee as the tunnel taper ever tighter . rock bear down above . a false move dislodge stone and dust on cath . the dust settles . cath settles herself . the team burrow on , plunging through a flooded section ... dan I ever tell you Winston churchill 's motto ? kbo . cath kbo ? dan keep bugger on. greg who 's Winston churchill ? they kbo . into a stalagmite chamber . cath emerge last , wet , to a pat on the back from Dan . the slight smile . click . click . they flashlight locate the source of the sound : water drip on a discard energy drink bottle . greg could be they . cath ( bag the bottle ) juno Kaplan 's no tourist . she be president of my college cave club . dan she good ? cath she be a back -stabbing , man-eate bitch . but she could cave . greg when can I meet she ? cath she 's just you type . a glory hunter . always look for unchart route . not a team player - Dan run he hand along the wall , drip with water . dan rainwater 's leaching through . few hour , this whole ru n’1l be flood . come on . ext . sheer rock wall , boreham cavern - day they climb a sheer rockface . methodically , skillfully . halfway up , greg bang in a piton , clip a carabiner to it secure a new rope , drop it over the overhang to cath . as he climb on , he do not see the piton slip from its anchor position . as the piton take the strain of cath 's weight , it pop from the wall . cath , on the rope below , fall away ... below , stalagmite spike await she fall body . Dan react fastest : engage he body belay , a mechanical friction brake that grip on she safety rope and stall she descent ... stop cath , inch above impalement dan time to turn back . he do not let she see the friction burn on he hand . greg give up ? now ? dan Rest up , refocus . greg my focus 's fine . Dan hold up greg 's loose nut . greg 's bravado slip in cath 's glare . dan greg , you ever ask yourself : who rescue the rescuer ? ext . boreham cavern entrance - day they emerge into bright light and heavy rain . a emergency operation have commandeer the car park : police , paramedics , tv news crew . above the cave entrance , a rainbow sign depict a grotto full of stalagmite and stalactite . Bright letter proclaim - '' welcome to boreham cavern ! '' Dan and he team pass the next rescue shift , wishing they luck . they stride on , past a news team . a female tv reporter do a stand - up to camera . female reporter ( v.o. ) with the community still shake from last year 's slapton quarry tragedy , here in boreham , it 's fresh heartache . as the search for the miss woman move into its second day '' prb be fade for Senator kai niece , juno , and she five friend - Dan stride past , through the shot . producer man , we be live here ! Dan stride on . cath smile ... as Dan stride past sheriff riley , do interview . a pious pro , riley 's a salesman whose product be himself . sheriff riley we will literally leave no stone unturned until we find that girl . reporter thank you , sheriff riley . sheriff riley do not thank I , thank this brave - dan thank we when we find they . Dan pound past , uninterested . greg like the glory , linger - dan greg ! ( greg catch up ) dan ( cont 'd ) you get four hour . grab some food and sleep . cath you too Dan . something in she smile gall greg . Dan stride off towards the concession hut that serve as the emergency command center . greg you wanna share a sleep bag ? cath greg , the other night - I be as drunk as a skunk - greg ( snicker ) best skunk I have ever have . cath go to bed greg . shake she head , she stride off , leave he strand . int . boreham cavern concession hut / rescue hq - night Dan walk past tat and trinket , up to the rescue mapboard . vaine ( 0.s. ) Dan . the voice stop Dan . History here . he turn to face chief deputy redmond ' red 's vaine . a old - school lawman , who shoot from the hip , vaine look tired and careworn . dan Chief . vaine nothing ? dan we have follow they flight plan right through , trace all the trade route and black spot . not a whisper . people be get tired . vaine not we sheriff . outside , they see riley , bathing in news camera light . the tv in dan you have never know he be up for be - election . he riding you hard ? vaine like Zorro . the corner distract : female reporter ( v.o. ) unanswer question still dog the police from last year 's tragic death of two young sister down slapton quarry ... on the screen : a still photo of two smile little girl ; old news footage of cover body stretch out from a cave . Dan and vaine watch themselves on the screen . grim . the image clergyman . cut live : worried relative , comfort by a dan turn out cath in my team know juno Kaplan a bit back in college cave day . bit of a wild one . Risk - taker . vaine great . dan cave 's a small community , people talk . be a lot of talk about juno Kaplan . vaine and I be sure it 's all good . dan look , I be not one to gossip . vaine no , go on . dan talk be juno 's the sort of girl girl 's should not trust with they guy . specially girl like Sarah Carter - vaine she be screwing she friend 's husband ? dan like I say , gossip . vaine do Sarah Carter know ? ( Dan shake he head ) I need to talk to the husband . dan he and she daughter die in a car wreck . vaine produce a clear plastic evidence bag : inside , prescription pill for sarah carter . vaine seem she 's still get over it olanzapine . it 's a atypical antipsychotic . the clue 's in the last word . ext. / int . gas station / ROADHOUSE - night a lone building on a desert mountain highway . inside , a old tv play a news report about juno . news reporter ( v.o . ) a experience caver , juno Kaplan have visit boreham cavern many time . but for she five friend this be the first - two diner watch onscreen photo of Beth , Holly , Sarah - diner gangbang , which one have you do first ? slam ! a woman smack the window next to the screen , leave a smear bloody handprint . diner watch dumbfounded as the woman stagger inside . she stare at they in shock . collapse . ext . boreham cavern entrance - day vaine 's cell phone ring . vaine Lynch , what 's up ? what ? where ? vaine remember the camera . move away . vaine give I a hour . not a word on this . close he phone , vaine stride to he deputy elen rios 's vehicle . he 's old school , white and male . she 's a ex-city cop [ 29 ] , Hispanic , a woman in a man 's world . they be chalk and cheese . vaine deputy , St luke 's , fast as you can . rios St. luke 's ? that 's a hundred k from here ? vaine so do not drive like a girl . ( stop rios 's hand ) and stay off the siren . keep the vulture off we back . ext . forest road - night [ helicopter shot ] the police cruiser wind its way through mountain road . i/ E. ST luke 's hospital - night vaine stride in . rios struggle to match he stride . vaine ( reach reception ) Marie sugarpie , I ’1ll reconsider that traffic ticket for a cup of joe . marie the receptionist how do you like it , Chief ? vaine hot and wet . vaine wink . rios wince as they walk on . vaine ( cont 'd ) here in the country rios , it 's call be friendly . 10 . rios New York , it 's call a law suit . vaine beat I why you ever leave . rios 's face frame the same question . a ward nurse step out into the sheriff 's path . vaine ( cont 'd ) right , where 's the mystery girl ? ward nurse she 's be sedate . vaine she what ? ward nurse she be hysterical . vaine I get five miss girl out there and you put the one person who know where they be to sleep ? vaine look like he might hit he . the nurse shrink back . int . SMALL county hospital - recovery room - day bedside monitor blip Sarah 's vital sign . stable . then , suddenly , the blip quicken . Sarah 's eye pop open . bewildere . struggle to compute where she be and how she get there . she eye the unfamiliar room : she bed , she drip , she machine , she window . [ it eerily echoe the first film , when she wake after the death of she family . ] she hear a sound : a all too familiar sonar click . from under the bed ... click . click . close in . she lean over to peer under the bed ... a taloned hand shoot out . Sarah recoil . 11 . int . hospital observation room - day cctv monitor : Sarah , under cctv observation , jolt , huddle . the image be pause . vaine watch with dr . roger payne . [ greybeard , gut , vaine 's fishing buddy . ] Dr Payne fast - forward the footage to : Sarah thrashing at invisible assailant . the doctor stop the playback dr payne she 's concuss , confuse . barely know she own name . through a observation window , they view Sarah asleep in the next room . on a table , lie Sarah 's bloodstain belonging . as they talk , rios pick up a pendant : inscribe on it , the word , ' love each day . 's vaine physically ? dr payne no major wound . scratch , bruise ... a bite mark . vaine a dog ? dr payne a man . rios any sexual violence ? dr payne no. rios you have scrape she fingernails ? dr payne miss , I be not fresh out of mo school - rios it 's deputy . ignoring she , the doctor present a zip - loc evidence baggy to vaine . 12 . dr payne she scratch big chunks outta someone . rios we should apb it state- wide . some sicko might have a story write on he face . vaine put it on the radio , we will have the press down here like fly on shit . let 's keep a lid on this till we have speak to Sarah Carter . rios someone attack she . he might attack someone else . vaine hold up Sarah 's bloody clothing . vaine how do we know it be a he ? lotta blood for scratch and bruise . we should run match on the other five girl . and run they dental record against that bite wound . and call tracker Bill . I want he dog on this right away . int . hospital - recovery room - day . Sarah stir , scan the room , sweaty and disorientate . a nurse have she back to Sarah , check Sarah 's vital on the monitor . nurse ( 0.s. ) so you be back with we ... the nurse place water on the bed-table , obscure Sarah 's view . Sarah 's focus shift to the nurse 's name tag . '' JUNO '' Sarah look up as the nurse turn . it 's JUNO . her face a vengeful death mask . juno raise a climbing pick . and slam it down towards Sarah 's face . as Sarah scream ... int . observation room - day vaine , rios and the doctor watch Sarah bolt up . awake . vaine make a move for the door - 13 . rios Chief , let I - I have get four year in the sexual trauma unit . I have see a lot of batter woman . I be good at my job . vaine this be not exactly domestic abuse . rios all the study show , female vic respond better to other female . vaine you mean woman ? ( beat ) fuck up , I ’1ll step straight in . int . hospital - sarah 's room - continuous Sarah watch warily as the two police officer walk in . vaine hang back as rios approach the bed . rios Sarah , I be deputy elen rios from hyett County sheriff 's Department . you be at hyett County Hospital . we have be look for you and you miss friend . be follow you boreham Cavern flightplan . ( beat ) do you go down boreham cavern ? ( beat ) because you car be not in the car park . and you show up nowhere near . overwhelm , confuse , Sarah struggle to remember rios ( cont 'd ) can you remember ? can you remember anything ? you be the only one who know where you friend be . Sarah shake she head : it 's all cotton wool , a blurred blank . flash memory [ first movie ] : Sarah stick in the tight crawlspace , fight to get out as the cave collapse . back in the hospital , Sarah stiffen at the memory . sarah trapped . 14 . rios trapped ? where ? boreham ? vaine watch on as Sarah shake she head , as much in confusion as negation . rios you do not go down boreham , do you ? why do juno Kaplan file a fake flight plan for boreham cavern ? where do you go Sarah ? ext . roadside diner - day bill , a grizzle outdoorsman , open the bag of clothes for he bloodhound to sniff . set he hound on the hunt . they pick up a forest trail immediately . Bill and deputy ryan lynch follow . int . sarah 's room , hospital - day rios produce a photo : the girl pose outside they cabin . rios you friend be in real trouble Sarah . ( lay down more photo ) Sam , Rebecca . do you know where they be ? they need you help . can you remember anything ? Sarah 's eye lock on the photo of Sam and Rebecca . as she do the beep beep beep of she vital quicken ... flash memory - the cave - from the first film - SAM and rebecca . scream . running . pure fear back in the hospital - - the beep beep beep accelerate . rios lay out more photo for Sarah . vaine scrutinize every flicker on she face . rios Holly . Beth ... flash memory -- the first film ... holly shout in pain . Sarah slam a rock down onto beth 's face . 15 . back in the hospital - - sarah Beth - rios Beth ? be she okay ? what can you remember ? the image torment Sarah : it 's not something she care to share . beep beep beep . her vital race faster . rios where be they Sarah ? ( lay down photo of juno ) where 's juno ? the beeping go crazy . Sarah 's breathe quicken . her pupil dilate . a screech pierce through Sarah 's ear .. flashback to -- the first film ... Sarah and juno lock eye . Sarah raise a pick ... back in the hospital - - sarah juno - rios juno - what happen to juno ? what happen to she ? Sarah stare back . vaine study she : she eye haunt , she face etched with the strain - of some shocking secret ? rios , aware of vaine itching to intervene , try to keep patient . rios juno . you friend ? what happen to she ? Sarah 's eye waver . her vital beep faster . flash memory : Sarah slam the pick into juno 's leg . juno scream . Sarah , drench in blood , scream . back in the hospital - - 16 . Sarah convulse , tug she drip from she hand . she clutches she head . try to shut out the onslaught of she memory . to make sense of the fragment inside she mind . vaine can not contain himself any longer , charge in . vaine be . they . still . alive ? it 's the question Sarah can not - or will not - answer . they hold eye contact ... vaine 's police radio splutter to life . deputy lynch ( on radio ) sheriff . come in . it 's Lynch . vaine step out into the corridor . vaine go ahead , deputy - ext . chapel mine - continuous the dog bark , unsettle , at the mouth of a derelict mine . intercut lynch and vaine deputy lynch we be up at Chapel mine . dog track she scent up the hill , but kinda lose it up here . something 's get ‘em spook . vaine Chapel mine ? any sign of the other girl ? deputy lynch no sir . vaine keep look . rios step out into the corridor , steaming . rios I be get through . vaine you be get nowhere . 17. rios you can not peel a orange wear box glove . vaine rios , some day soon , come round my place , sit on the porch , sip a soda , speak to my wife . you will see , I can be nice . but now I get five girl miss . Dr Payne interrupt , hold a print-out dr payne the blood swab from Sarah Carter 's clothes - it 's a positive - match juno Kaplan . rios I be a positive . a third of the state be a positive . beat . vaine rub he eye . vaine the hell do you think 's go on here ? I do not know whether I be look at a victim or a suspect . ( silencing rios ) and you do not either . dr payne she still not talk ? vaine she can not remember jack shit . rios post-traumatic amnesia . Brain shut down non-vital system after extreme stress . vaine look to the doctor . he shrug : ' could be . 's vaine for how long ? ( the doctor shrug ) that girl do not have that long . int . boreham cavern - night Dan shepherd , half -awake , clutches he phone . 18 . dan ( on phone ) my team be beat . intercut vaine at the hospital vaine ( on phone ) look , I do not want to shift the whole circus , just need a couple of man to pick up where the dog leave off . dan ( on phone ) Chapel mine 's a maze . we have to pull some frat boy out a few year ago . we could search for month and still not cover it . vaine ( on phone ) Jesus , Dan , every night in my dream I go down slapton quarry , body bag that two little girl and bring out they out to they momma . do not tell I you do not too . Dan look over at cath , asleep . he gently cover she where she blanket have slip . greg , not asleep , watch . vaine what if we take Sarah Carter ? see if she remember something ? narrow the search area . ext . mountain road - night a police cruiser race through torrential rain , past a Shell gas station that have long lose the S from its roadside sign . int . police cruiser - night Sarah sit numb , shutdown , on the backseat . she feel vaine 's gaze from the front . beside she , rios . from the way rios lock eye with vaine , it 's clear she 's think this be a bad decision . ext . chapel mine - night they drive along a perimeter fence . deputy Lynch greet they at a gate . chapel mine : danger . keep out . 19 . vaine you recognise this ? Sarah feel vaine 's eye still on she . int . car - dawn they drive past rusted machinery , toothless railway track long grass reclaim everything ... towards the minehouse . a rackety wooden shack that house the elevator , with a spire for the pulley system . vaine ( cont 'd ) this ring any bell ? Sarah shake she head . at the mine entrance , the rescue team 's truck await . Dan , cath and greg , kitting up , salute greeting . rios 's cellphone ring . rios try to shield she cellphone conversation from all around , especially she boss . rios sweetheart , hi ... cookie , oh yummy ... no , not tonight . yes I promise , but remember how we talk about mommy 's job ? how I help people ? well , some people need my help tonight . be good for Mrs Smith . sweet dream . bye-bye . bye . the police car pull up . vaine when you be ready , deputy . vaine get out and open Sarah 's door . int . chapel mine - MAIN access shaft - continuous they kit up and head in . Dan point to they gun . dan heavy metal . you will not need that . rios hand she gun over to deputy Lynch to look after . Dan see that vaine be ignore he . 20 . dan this be a miss person 's case . what the hell do you think you be gonna find ? vaine my gun stay with I . greg ( to cath ) Bet it 's get a name . they advance inside . flashlight illuminate rusty cog wheel , pulley . a metal lift cage sit over a open elevator shaft . Sarah , draw back into the darkness , stiffen , instantly uneasy . vaine try to read recognition in she response . rios Sarah ? be this familiar ? Sarah be unresponsivl mh#whd at the shaft , look down into the dark , she retreat further into herself . vaine hello ? this be hyett County sheriff Department . anybody there ?! rios Sarah ? you recognise anything here ? all eye on Sarah : Sarah shrink ; some limbic survival sense tell she something 's not right Dan shine he torch down the shaft : he beam do not penetrate the depth of the darkness . dan she could not have climb up here . vaine it 's a big mountain . I be sure there 's some foxhole somewhere she coulda climb out . but we do not know it - and this take we direct to the main vein , connect to the cave system . right ? dan no one know that cave . it 's hostile down there . and she look like a ghost . 21 . dan ( cont 'd ) what if she have a major flashback or flip - out , or find she friend dead ? vaine we do not know they be dead . I just want confirmation we be in the right arena . get the nod , narrow down the area . dan I do not know , Red . Standard procedure - you do not take people back down . it 's I and two rookie . I can not take responsibility for she . vaine Dan , we get five girl might still be alive . she 's the only one who 's be down there . there 's a million mile of cave and fuck - all time . Bend the fuckin’ rule . dan cath ? ( cath nod ) greg ? greg crack a snap-light , drop it down the shaft . finally it hit bottom , cast a dim glow from the distant base . greg too far for we rope . we could piggy - back on the elevator cable . vaine why not just take the elevator ? greg and cath examine the elevator 's cog and gear . greg bit creaky , but basically sound . cath ( to Dan ) bit like you , boss . Dan nod to vaine : let 's do it . Dan lead he rescue team into the cage . Sarah hesitates . 22 . vaine something down there you want to tell I about ? ( Sarah say nothing ) deputy . rios escort Sarah into the lift . vaine clank close the cage door . Sarah suddenly look trap . the elevator be pack with body . claustrophobic . rios struggle for space . air. close she eye , take clandestine deep breath . open she eye , she see vaine , watch she , alive to she vulnerability . vaine put he hand on the release lever . Dan and greg take the winch ... vaine release the lever . the lift start the descent ... Sarah watch tombstone slab of rock pass by inch from she face . her dread rise as they descend . above , the drum wheel turn , play out lift cable . the wood shuttering creak . slowly the cage descend . to the terrible click of ratchet tooth . down , down , down . darkness swallow they up . the square of light above they recede ... Sarah 's eye , watch it go ... try to ignore the grinding of the cable . of a endless descent , a descent into hell . soundtrack by the click ... click ... click ...of lift gear . it 's like Sarah be descend into she past , she memory ... the deeper they go , the more dilapidate the mineshaft , the more degrade the mechanism . nervous look : do they keep go ? click ... click ... 23. each click a little aural trigger in Sarah 's head , reverberate and distorting ... click ... click ... Little toxic timebomb , threaten to burst in she head ... flashframe : the snap of a demonic jaw . too short and blurred to comprehend , long enough to shock . her imagination in overdrive , Sarah can barely breathe . she shut she eye , try to shut out the nightmare . but she can not shut out the click , click of ratchet tooth ... the click , click of sprocket tooth ... that haunt inhuman clicking that rattles in she head shard of memory stabbing through ... her eye spring open ... see ... flashframe . in the rock relief , like a goya devil , a crawler snap at Sarah ... ... Sarah snap from she stupor . she thrashes , lash out ... sarah don ’t go down . there 's something down there . Sarah lurch for the lever . vaine rios ! rios grab for Sarah ... Sarah slip she grasp , catch the lever . the lever 's sudden change of direction grind hard on the tooth , snap one , release the ratchet grip on the elevator cable . the lift jolt down . throw its occupant over , smash they against the cage and each other . as the gear tooth catch and re-engage , the cage stop just as suddenly , throw everyone down hard . but still Sarah struggle . rios spin she into a arm lock 24 . vaine rios , you get she ? but Sarah want out . she thrashes for freedom . rattles the cage . vaine wade in to assist . together they cuff she to its metal wall , restrain she . rios Sarah , calm down . it 's okay . it 's in you head . whatever you be see - it 's not real . it 's trauma . trick of the brain . you be safe . the cable creak ominously ; the stress metal groans . vaine get right in Sarah 's face . vaine you remember something ? rios Chief , the woman 's traumatise . vaine they down here ? they down here ? ( to Dan ) get we to the bottom . Dan hesitates . vaine 's eye brook no argument . Dan release the lever . they continue they descent ... with tooth miss , sprocket jag and slip on every revolution ; the movement down be jerky and unsettle . wary eye flit between Sarah and the fracture mechanism . the lift grind and stutter down . finally , clank . the cage thud against the stone floor at the bottom of the shaft . the door at the bottom be bent , buckle and rusted . greg struggle to yank it partially open . they have to squeeze and struggle through the gap . vaine and rios escort Sarah out . vaine catch Dan 's look Sarah huddle tight to a wall . small , silent , watchful . rios attend to she . 25 . rios you want a drink ? you remember something . what do you remember ? trust I , I want to help you . Sarah stare into the deep black darkness . Dan take vaine aside . dan I should never have let you bring she down here . vaine you hear she , Dan . they be down here . dan the woman 's a fright . she do not know what she 's say . vaine let I worry about she . let 's just get to the cave . beat . dan down here , I call the shot . right ? int . mine - lower level - side tunnel - night flashlight . Dan lead the group along a taper tunnel they squeeze past upturn coal cart , rusted mining gear slow , hard progress , resolutely downward ... Sarah , sandwich between rios and vaine , watchful and watch . junction . Dan check he map schematic . dan cave 's this way . int . insecure mine tunnel - darkness the team weave through pit prop that have warpe and shift from they foundation . they creak and groan . the roof be partially collapse , riddled with crack , rain down regular shower of dust . the threat of total collapse be ever present . 26 . rios fight to rein in she claustrophobia , fail to hide it from vaine . rios focuss on the job : Sarah . rios recognise anything ? Sarah stick tight to the wall , watchful . withdrawn . Dan and cath share a worried look . cath 's torch flicker . faulty . dan cath , how long have I be teach you ? you light be you life . greg tut , flick he flashlight in cath 's face . Dan catch he as he pass , tap he shoulder . dan teamwork . int . relief tunnel - darkness tight passage . hollow in the rough wall cast deep shadow . form shape like scream face . Sarah 's eye search every corner for other movement . the shifting flashlight flick across the outline of a figure , hang in shadow . Sarah freeze . rios follow she look . she too glimpsis something in the shadow . rios there 's something there ! everybody swing they light round . they illuminate -- a old mining lamp , hang off a warpe pit prop . rios feel vaine 's wither gaze . cath the dark do funny thing to people . rios I be fine . cath I be scared of stuff animal . seriously . she okay ? 27 . rios she look okay ? cath Dan 's the best . he ’1ll see we through . greg wince . int . nugget gallery - darkness flashlight cut through the dark . the team slosh and scrape through the grimy , wet twisty tunnel . cold and claggy . greg run he finger across a vein of mineral glisten in the wall . he pick up and pocket a glint nugget . greg goddamn gold mine . cath fool 's gold . dan should hit the cave system somewhere up here . the team turn a corner into a gallery litter with old lamp , helmet . Dan pick up a old davey lamp , spark it up . dan Blue flame show the presence of methane . Dan check he gas meter on he belt : it flash red , show a high methane count . dan woh . watch for spark . secure all loose metal , crampon , pick , nut . gun . flashlight fall on a gnarled horse skeleton on the floor its skull stare up , incisor open as if scream . a unnerve sight , meet with silence . Sarah 's stare , remember ... vaine what 's that ? a pit pony ? Dan scour the crime scene : claw mark run down one wall . 28 . dan miner probably hit a methane pocket . look like the poor bastard try to claw they way out . Sarah stare at the claw mark . shaken by the flashback , Sarah shrink against the wall . vaine , eagle -ey , nod to rios . rios Sarah , help I help you - you know something . what do you know ? cath up here . a crack in the rock . greg clear a crawlspace through the rock ... greg ( 0.s. ) it 's the cave . greg burrow through a crack in the rock . disappear . greg ( 0.s. ) we be get warm ! greg appear . holding a crack snaplight greg snaplight ! miner 's do not have this . vindication for vaine . he turn to Sarah . they all do . rios Sarah ? vaine time to help we find you friend . int . cathedral cavern - night the last of the team haul themselves through the crack into a enormous cathedral cavern . they scan with they flashlight for sign of life . dan greg , t.i. 29 . greg pull out he thermal imaging camera . a small , robust device , with a pistol - grip . body heat register on its screen as red hot spot as he pan across the various member of the team as they probe the various tunnel . he probe the shadow . nothing . rios sit with Sarah , try to coax some answer out of she rios Sarah - anything you can tell we - anything you recognise - narrow the area - help we find you friend . cath / vaine hello ! anybody there ! hello ! a noise . a clicking . Sarah shrink . peer into the blackness . rios what Sarah ? cath / vaine hello ! JUNO ! click . click . be it just in Sarah 's head ? cath anyone hear that ? sounded like movement . vaine study Sarah 's nervous reaction . cath hello ! anyone there ! anyone there ! JUNO ! cath 's voice echoes up the mine . Sarah tighten , increasingly edgy . click . click . flashframe : a full - form glimpse of a crawler attack . cath hello ! sarah shut up ! they all hear you ! a sudden , ferocious intervention : Sarah try to smother cath from speak . both Dan and greg compete to assist cath . 30 . the police officer take Sarah . vaine who 'il hear you ? you friend ? Sarah feel all the eye on she . she can not formulate word . rios Sarah ? sarah creature . she see they face : mirror to she madness . Sarah stung by rios 's look . vaine creature . int . cave system - junction cave - night the team clamber through the tight tunnel . vaine hello ? hello ? Sarah survey the dark , terrify what they shout will attract . no one notice as Sarah grab a weapon of she own : a sharp flint fragment . she slip it into she trousers . the team reach a junction : three tunnel confront they . Dan 's light catch a glint in the middle tunnel cath what 's that ? Dan and cath go into the tunnel . cath pick up ... a woman 's cave boot . almost brand new . everyone immediately understand its importance . cath rock’ard . that 's a british brand . all eye turn to Sarah . vaine if the boot fit - the way Sarah stare at the boot be recognition enough for vaine , who shine he light up the tunnel . 31 . dan ( tap he ear ) cath . cath take out electronic listening equipment . sweep the cave . vaine hello ? hello ? JUNO ? beth ? dan if you shut up , we might hear something . from cath 's Pov - with all SOUND amplify through she headphone - even landing water - droplet SOUND momentous ... plink ! plink ! plink ! cath arc the microphone round further . follow the sound ... int . dripping cave - darkness cath lead the way . plink ! plink ! drop shimmer in flashlight beam . dan flood water . vaine stay on Sarah 's shoulder , prodding she on . rios follow . plink ! plink ! cath move round to the far corner of the cavern . cath stop at the SOUND . everyone notice she 's pick up on something . there 's silence . silence ... click . cath point : something 's down there ... they edge towards the dark far corner . Sarah , on high -alert , slow , but vaine push she on . Dan signal to a halt . because the flashlight faintly pick out something in the shadowy corner ... 32 . a person sit on the ground lean against a wall . Dan and vaine exchange a look . justify in he decision to come this way , vaine take control . pushes forward . see -- a woman . head turn away . face not visible . but the woman 's jaw be move . work up and down like she 's mumble to herself . everyone tense . vaine she 's still alive . the woman 's '' chatter '' tooth click again . Sarah can barely breath . vaine miss ? you okay ? miss ? vaine move closer . reaches out . touches the woman 's face . her head loll sideways . it 's rebecca ... Dead . half of she face be miss . ripped away . but , eerily , she jaw be still chatter . vaine edge in to look . slowly a fat rat slip out from inside she mouth . vaine Jesus ! the group reel backwards . Sarah 's leg buckle ; she struggle to breathe . rios go to the body . examine it . rios the main artery be severe . all eye on Sarah . vaine look accusatory . vaine who do this ? do you know who do this ? rios Chief , it 's she friend - vaine if she 's innocent , she 'il wanna help we help she friend . cath if ? you do not think - ? 33. Sarah catch rios 's non-committal look . greg woh , wait a minute . I think she be a victim here ? what be you say , you think she 's a suspect ? ( silence ) this be fuck crazy . Fucking crazy bring she down here . dan greg ! save it . vaine Dan , I see you keep you team well discipline . beat . Dan stare down vaine . betray . rios 's flashlight settles on a scrap of Rebecca 's clothing just inside a tight tunnel that disappear into the rock . rios she come this way . vaine let 's go . beat . Dan and vaine lock look . dan greg , take point . greg hesitates . cath I 'il go . greg stop she . shove past . Burrows in ... in the tight tunnel -- greg power through . Manic . over - compensate . in the dripping cave -- dan greg , go easy . you get stick in there we 'il have to break you collar bone to get you out this do little for rios 's nerve . in the tight tunnel - - 34 . greg fight on , tooth gritt . dan ( on cave radio ) greg , you okay ? greg ( into radio ) never better . in the dripping cave -- dan so who 's next ? vaine rios - vaine scrutinise she , to see if she hesitates . rios determine not to , nod , squeeze into the tunnel ... vaine turn to Sarah . vaine you do not leave my sight . Sarah do not move . vaine shove she in , bulldoze himself in behind she . vaine rios 'il be right in front of you . i’1l be right behind . in the tight tunnel - the deeper rios crawl , the narrower the tunnel . squeeze tight . a claustrophobe 's constrictive hell . she could not even turn back if she want to . and , compound she fear , Sarah scramble behind , contribute to the bottle - neck in the dripping cave -- Dan and cath , alone . she give he a little smile , disappear down the hole . alone with Rebecca 's body , Dan 's smile slip . in the tight tunnel -- greg see the end of the tunnel . it open into a new chamber . as greg disappear around a bend ahead , rios lose sight of he . alone with she fear , she be floundering . her fear be win . start to panic , she snag herself , fight free , dislodge rock dust . she clenches at the prospect of the imminent crush . the roof do not fall in , but the weight of rock hang over she , like a vast tombstone slab . 35 . rios breathe . breathe . meanwhile , Sarah crawl fast and catch up with rios . behind Sarah , vaine struggle to keep up . vaine slow down . Sarah ignore he . cursing , vaine redouble he effort . int . cave system - honeycomb junction - darkness greg pull himself out the tunnel , take off he helmet compose himself . shine he flashlight round . the stone wall be pock like honeycomb : black hollow lead off in every direction . rios collapse out the tunnel . she gulp air hyperventilate . greg attend to she . greg breathe with I . in ...and out ... and in ... and out ... and in ... and out ... there you go , lovely big breast . see he 's try to lighten the tone , rios find a smile . but look back at where she come from chill she . rios I can not do that again . greg you do great . rios I can not . in the tunnel - - vaine , out of shape , make slow progress , struggle on . in the honeycomb junction . Sarah crawl out , twitchy and watchful . her eye search every shadow . greg hello ! hello ! crawler click still Sarah . the other pick up on she fear . 36 . rios what be it ? greg swing he light across the large cave . greg it 's nothing . but he 's not sure . he scan he thermal imaging around : nothing ... only the three hotspot of they body ... rios calm down , it 's just in you head . greg you gotta try and be like I : big empty space between you ear . but something register in Sarah 's eye ... suddenly , a red fill he t.i. screen , a FOURTH hot spot ... in the tight tunnel -- vaine hear scream ahead , but he view be block by the twist tunnel . he can only hear the echoing sound of a attack , with its attendant grunt , groans , strike , scuffling . vaine rios ! no reply . vaine bull he way through the twist tunnel . rounding a bend , he view still obscure by rock , he glimpsis shadow on the wall , human shape fight ... vaine rios , you okay ? Fighting forward , vaine 's gunbelt snag on the sidewall . further back , cath hear the attack . in the dripping cave -- Dan hearing gurgling , slashing on the radio ... then listen as silence and static hiss replace scream . in the tunnel - - clear the rock , vaine see Sarah slip from view , escape into the honeycomb tunnel . 37 . vaine stop ! in the honeycomb junction -- vaine climb out the tunnel . survey the scene : Sarah and greg have disappear . rios lie cold on the floor vaine go to she aid . vaine rios . he slap she round . she be groggy , disorientate . vaine rios , what the hell happen here ? where do she go ? rios it be so fast . vaine remember he thermal imaging camera . rewind the image , play back the frenzied attack : just shape - but the impression be undeniable - one human form jump at another . rios I do not know what happen . vaine Jesus Christ , rios . vaine look at she with contempt scream [ greg ] echo from down the tunnel . vaine spot bloody drag-mark lead into one of the honeycomb tunnel . drawing he gun , he follow the blood . ten foot down , vaine catch a glimpse of movement , give chase deeper into the honeycomb . int . honeycomb - continuous the honeycomb cavern be a maze . multiple choice at every turn . vaine track the blood trail . hear scuttle foot , he speed up ... in the honeycomb junction -- cath crawl out the tunnel , find only a confuse rios. 38 . cath what happen ? where have they go ? you hurt ? Dan crawl out , catch cath 's look . int . honeycombs - darkness Sarah , tuck in the shadow , watch flashlight disappear down other passage . she tuck tight , kill she light . int . honeycomb - other passage - day vaine hear the horror echoing through the cave . vaine track with he flashlight and greg 's thermal imaging camera down a series of twisting passage . int . honeycomb - other passage - day Dan , cath and rios search the tunnel . dan greg! greg! vaine ! Fucking honeycombs . five minute , they 's 11 all be lose . the tunnel open out into a stalactite chamber . dan see that , stress point between two strata . roof 's unstable . stick to the wall . rios look up in fear at the limestone sword that hang above they . int . honeycomb - other passage - day vaine hunt he prey . suddenly , scuffling sound in shadow draw he beam . frustrate with he flashlight 's limited range , he switch to TI . holding he gun in he other hand , he track ... through corkscrew tunnel . alert to ambush point at every corner . 39 . vaine Sarah ? Sarah , this be Chief vaine . I know you be scared . let 's just take it easy , talk this out . a humanoid hot spot skid across he thermal imaging frame . vaine hunt it out , scour the darkness . from nowhere , a red figure suddenly fill he thermal image . rushing he . right on he . slash at he . boom . vaine fire a shot off , deflect the attacker just as it slam into he and knock he flashlight aside . darkness . int . stalactite chamber - day the gunshot quake through the cave like roll thunder above Dan , cath and rios , the cave wall reverberate with vaine 's gun blast . dan he 'il bring down the fuck mountain . seismic shift occur above they head ... they look up and see the roof vibrate , a horrendous rift appear ... then , like apple on a shake tree , the stalactite start to fall . to rain down on they ... a rain of spear . they have to run to clear they . dodging and weaving . inch from impalement . cath stumble . a stalactite spear land , inch from she face , strike through the climb rope around she shoulder . pin down , she fight to free herself . the other make it to the shelter of a side tunnel dan come on cath ! cath get free . but the rift in the roof cause a collapse . slab of rock fall in , block she path to the other . 40 . dan ( 0.s. ) cath ! she 's on she own . int . honeycombs - day as the dust clear , vaine see there be no way through the rubble , he curse through he cough , turn back , look for another route . int . side tunnel - darkness choke dust consume everything . Dan , cover in dust , scrabble to he knee , cough . through the swirl particle , he flashlight pick out ... rios , totally disorientate . Dan haul she to she foot . both cough violently as the choke dust subside . Dan offer rios he water bottle to wash to she face and rinse she mouth . dan easy . that 's get to last . dan ( into radio ) cath ! cath ! come in . ( shouting ) cath ! cath ! no reply . rios and Dan hunt through the rubble . nothing . dan cath ! cath ! rios flashlight ! a faint flashlight beam just make it through a huge mound of rubble . Dan and rios scrabble over to the rockfall . dan ( into radio ) cath ! cath ! come in . ( shouting ) cath ! cath ! 41. no reply . Dan shine he torch back . flick it on and off . cath ( on radio ) Dan , Dan , you there ? dan ( into radio ) I be here . I be here . I can see you beam . be you hurt ? int . stalactite chamber - continuous cath , on the other side of the rockfall , scan she torch around . she be bury in a cavity under a huge weight of rock . the rock be precariously balanced . highly unstable . any attempt to work herself free dislodge rock and risk a rockfall that will crush she . cath no . I can not move . i’1l bring it all down on I . I need something to support the rock . ( fighing panic ) I be stick here Dan . dan [ on radio ] cath , do not panic . we ’1ll work it this end . you take it easy . we 'il get you . on the other side , Dan tear at the intransigent rubble get nowhere , lose he cool . dan come on . come on . fuck , fuck , fuck - rios Dan - dan Fucking trigger - happy Americans . I should never have - cath ( on radio ) Dan ? rios do not let she hear you like this . dan hear I ? there 's a fuck tonne of rubble between we . she could not hear a fuck rock concert . you know what be we chance of get to she be ? 42 . Storm spend , he control himself . dan cath , we can not get through . cath 's face fall . intercut cath and dan , on there radios cath can not you drill it ? or det it ? dan you know I can not . it 's too risky . you x11 have to work free . cath I can not Dan , it 'il crush I . I need you here . dan we be gonna have to find another way round to you . cath okay . dan we 'il get there . cath I be scared Dan . dan that 's good . fear keep you alert , keep you alive . cath , I promise you , I will not stop until I get there . cath I know . dan you dry ? cath yeah . dan you keep warm . keep drink . cath okay . 43 . dan we have get to move off now , you x11 probably lose the signal . but stay on channel one . cath okay . dan okay . we be walk away . cath okay . dan stay on the radio . cath Channel one . I be go nowhere . you take it easy . Dan 's reply be distort , swallow by static . cath kbo . no reply . they have go . out of range . cath be alone . facing she tomb ? int . tunnel - night Dan plough on , grim set , out of range , not know if he 'il ever see cath again . rios follow , unable to find the right word of comfort . int . honeycomb - other passage - night Sarah , emerge from the shadow , coat in dust . barely human . a drip of water land on she face , run down she cheek like a tear . Sarah trace the water source : a seam in the rock . she run she hand down it as it widen , tracking its course . int . junction - night vaine reach a junction , face a choice of five tunnel . he have absolutely no idea which to take . 44 . int . tunnel junction - night several choice . Dan flick he lighter , testing for air flow . dan cath , cath can you hear I ? ( static hiss ) cath ? nothing . Dan stop , turn to rios . dan they be volunteer . they do not get pay . they risk they life for every dumb-arse college kid and sport - shop caver . it 's not we job to judge . but bring down a murder suspect ? rios this be not my call . dan no , it be mine . he press on . haunted . a man on a mission . int . bone and blood cave - continuous Dan and rios 's boot crunch on something underfoot ... flashlight beam reveal a carpet of bone . dan what the hell -? Dan crack a flare . illuminate score of animal carcass . Dan and rios exchange look of deep unease . something sparkle in the light . Dan settles he light on it : carabiner , clipped to something Dan can not quite see . he climb a mound of bone . pass he light over ... beth . her face be mashed . stove in . Dan recoil . across the cave ... 45 . rios Dan ! dan deputy - Dan rush over . rios 's stare down at ... holly . eviscerate . her rib-cage be pick clean . dan oh Christ . he resist the urge to throw up . dan you do not think Sarah Carter - ? rios this wound - they be - savage . dan you do not get animal down here . ( on radio ) cath , can you hear I ? cath , can you hear I ? ( static hiss ) come on . cath , can you hear I ? in response , laughter . it 's come from a camcorder that rios have pick up . onscreen - - Sarah , juno , Holly , Sam and Rebecca lark about for the camera . drink , laughing in the cabin . in the jeep . back in the cave -- rios press the fast - forward button . onscreen - - fast-forwarded footage : the girl in the wood . find a dead stag . stop at a hole in the ground ... back in the cave - - dan stop - 46 . real-time footage : abseil into the cave ; Sarah try to avoid the camera . dan this be good . a entry point . we get this to the surface . this 'il give a rescue team a focus . rios leave the other ? dan we be not leave anyone . rios fast - forward , stop at interval to see ... onscreen - - the woman marvel at a large cave . Rebecca free-climb the ravine . then the footage turn to snow . dan be that it ? the footage return . in night vision . it show a cave in which bright - white pick - clean bone line the floor back in the cave -- rios look around . this be really creep she out . onscreen - - the woman chatter to each other , scared ... sarah ( on screen ) Dead animal . hundred of they . beth ( on screen ) this be not good , guy . SAM ( on screen ) can we get out of here ? rebecca ( on screen ) which way ? JUNO ( on screen ) come on ... ( light a zippo ) I do not know . back in the cave - - Dan and rios watch the video with dread anticipation . 47 . a noise . a click . rios sweep she flashlight round , edgy . nothing . they turn back to the screen -- the woman on the video be get extremely scared . the night -vision show face in the darkness . beth ( on screen ) what do you mean , you do not know ? JUNO ( on screen ) there 's no breeze . it could be any one of this tunnel . take you pick . SAM ( on screen ) oh fuck . rebecca ( on screen ) hello ? be there anybody there ?!! the camera pan back to Beth ... behind she be a crawler ! the woman scream , scatter , the crawler disappear into shadow ... back in the cave -- Dan and rios jump . rios what the - dan Rewind it . Rewind ! as rios fumble with the camcorder , try to rewind , they light spill illuminate a crawler . right behind they ! ! the crawler hiss . Dan and rios gasp . rios drop the camcorder they scatter into the dark . hide . rios hunker down behind a large rock , she eye strain into the darkness . Dan , hyper -alert , listen out for the danger . 48 . they torch cut the cave , look for danger . the camcorder still play on the ground : the disorientate , terrify girl call to each other beth ( on screen ) it 's circle we . SAM ( on screen ) where be it ? rebecca ( on screen ) it 's here somewhere . fuck , it 's there - in a eerie echo , Dan and rios do not know where the danger lurk in the dark . neither dare move . rios reach for she holster . but she gun 's not there . they call out to each other tentatively in the dark . rios Dan ? Dan , where be you ? rios stiffen , hearing scuttle . dan deputy ? deputy , you okay ? click . click . the crawler stalk they somewhere . rios I be over here . the camcorder 's lcd screen cast a ghostly glow : in nightvision , it play the crawler attack ; show crawler disembowelling Holly 's corpse . it give Dan a idea . dan deputy , stay there . kill you light . he fumble towards the camcorder - which lie nearer to rios . breathing Pov : rios 's back , stalk ... rios , blink in the dark . utterly blind . sense something . rios Dan ? that you ? Dan ? 49 . a pale , bloody hand grab rios from behind ... a hand claw round rios 's mouth . a sharp bone to she throat . it 's Sarah . she pull rios down . cover she mouth . rios resist . Sarah press she piton to rios 's throat . rios stop resisting . in the dim light cast by the nearby camcorder , rios see the crawler in front of she , stalking she ... Sarah hold she still , silent . dan deputy ? the crawler sense its prey . turn . towards Dan 's voice . dan deputy ? and Sarah let it go . rios be force to watch the fatal convergence . dan deputy , you okay ? I be nearly there . Sarah hold tight . not alert he . not silencing he . sentence he to death . grabbing the camcorder , Dan stop the playback . fiddle to change the mode to nightvision . he scan the camera round ... dan okay deputy , I can see - nightvision GREEN screen : rios . her eye wide and white . see rios , hold silent hostage by Sarah . gasp . something pop into the foreground of he screen . a crawler . jaw wide , coming right at he ... sharp tooth sever Dan 's jugular and vocal chord . he let out horrible wet harking gasp for air and for help . the die Dan start to crawl towards Sarah and rios . pull himself along on he back with the little strength he 's get rios look to Sarah . Sarah hold still , steely . no choice but to let he die . 50 . his hand reach Sarah just as the crawler rip open he belly . the crawler look up from Dan , tilt its head , sense the air . click . click . sense in rios and Sarah 's direction . it edge towards they . Sarah and rios stay stock-still . Silent . terrify . Sarah stare at the crawler . rios breathes fast and shallow behind Sarah 's hand as they both watch the crawler ... move away . the crawler click again . faint click come in reply from down a tunnel . the crawler turn . leave down the tunnel . it 's go . Sarah release rios , who rush over to Dan . her training kick in : she push he innard back into he belly ; try to stem the blood pump from he neck . rios come on , Dan . hold on . ( to Sarah ) help I . Sarah watch she . but Dan 's finally go . rios look at Dan in horror . then at Sarah in contempt . rios you just let he die . Sarah shrug past she , work fast : she strip Dan of he belt and equipment . rios watch , appal at Sarah 's ruthlessness . Sarah tool up , pocket Dan 's flare , flashlight , the camcorder . take the laminated mine map . secure Dan 's belt around she own waist . slot he pick in it . she stand , give rios a last look , move towards a tunnel at the far end of the cave . rios stop. stop ! 51 . Sarah stop by Beth 's corpse . stare down at Beth . stare back at rios .. rios how can you be so fuck cold ? Sarah say nothing . do not move . rios realise why : two crawler have enter the cave . rios shut up . freezes . will the same thing happen again with rios as Sarah 's escape bait this time ? as softly as she can , rios creep closer to Sarah . across the cave , Sarah stand stock still . the crawler stand between they . finally , the crawler turn away , rush Dan 's body . snarl at one another , they slowly drag he from the cave ( in the direction Dan and rios enter ) . they be go . take Beth 's pick , Sarah be already halfway up the tunnel . face with be alone in this hell , rios scuttle to keep up . int . collapsed cave - darkness cath try to build a support wall from the stone to hand , something to buy she enough time to wriggle free . it 's fiddly work in cramped condition . just as she wedge in a anchore stone , she wall collapse , threaten to bring down the rock above she . suffer the psychological torment of another near miss cath sigh a deep breath . she try to inch she way out . but the creak rock above be enough to deter she . she try she radio . cath [ on radio ] Dan ? Dan you there ? anybody there ? int . elsewhere in the cave - darkness vaine stumble over rock . splashes through water . reaching another junction , he spin round , aware he be lose . alone. 52 . vaine rios ? rios , you read I ? ( shout ) can anybody hear I ? he slump against the wall , close he eye , put he hand on he heart / badge . vaine I , redmond bertram vaine , do solemnly swear to protect and serve the community . ( open he eye ) to protect and serve . he get up , soldier on . int . cave passageway - darkness rios struggle to keep up with Sarah . suddenly Sarah stop - face rios . fierce with pick in hand . she point over rios 's shoulder at water drip off the wall . as Sarah move off after the water course , rios sigh relief , scurries after she ... int . tunnel complex - darkness cath start rebuild she support wall . stop . she hear something in the dark . Movement . cath hello ? help ! help ! dan ! dan , that you . I ’m over here . no reply . cath ( on radio ) Dan , be that you ? no reply . then a faint clicking . cath flash she light , try to attract attention . cath help . please . over here . there 's definitely someone there . 53 . cath strain she neck , peer through a chink in the rock . a crawler eye glare back at she . she jolt back in shot . the eye have go . the crawler 's vanish . terrify , cath sweep she flashlight round . nothing . cath it 's just the dark . the dark fuck with you head . it 's not real . then the crawler come back - with a vengeance . at she foot . Fighting to find a way through the rubble to get at she . reaching its arm through the rubble at she . claw at she champ at she . cath try to fight it off . kick , scuffling . nowhere to go . every defensive move risk bring the rock down on she . cath face a impossible choice : either the crawler will get she - or she 'il be crush . the crawler burrow closer , work its way for she neck . as the crawler lunge , cath risk everything , move sharply , slamm a rock into its face . it fall hard . into she support wall . become its last piece . as the crawler 's body take the weight of the rock above , cath seize she opportunity , wriggle hard ... first crawler rib start to snap ... then it 's skull start split ... cath crawl for she life . she just squeeze out the narrow gap . grab for she trail flashlight as - crunch and crack - the crawler 's skull shatter and bone as the crush rock make powder of its bone and paste of its flesh . cath fill she lung , in shock . int . stream cave - continuous a shallow stream move down the centre of the tunnel . 54 . Sarah stare at the shimmer surface of the water . she spit into it , determine the direction of its current . follow it . rios follow she . int . curve narrow tunnel - darkness cath , still panicked , charge through the tunnel . cath Dan , Dan you there ? please dan. she stop suddenly . her torch beam reveal : recessed shelf gouge out of the tunnel wall . cath edge to a shelf . direct she light towards - a_ skeleton . cath jump in shock . the skeleton be seemingly human . laid out on the shelf as if in a coffin . move down the tunnel , cath shine she light into the other shelf . find dozen of skeleton . then more recent corpse . flesh trace still cling to the bone . Beyond they be freshly excavate shelf . scratch mark round they entrance . she near one . shine she light in . come face to face ... with a crawler ! cath jump back . she fight to rein in she fear . what the hell be this ? but the crawler do not move . it 's dead . a hole in its forehead . cath look into the shelf above . find another dead crawler . all the skeleton be crawler , not human . this be some sort of crawler catacomb . she look back to the second dead crawler . its eye have be gouge out . ( this be the crawler Sarah and juno kill . ) amidst the body , one move . cath tuck herself away . 55 . terrify , she raise she pick to defend herself . the crawler close in , come from the corner . cath ready to strike - greg ! cath greg- jesus. greg cath ! cath we think you be - what happen ? greg one of this freak attack . I just run . cath you run ? greg struggle to bear he deep shame . cath have you see any of the other ? greg I have be on my own . I think I be go mad . oh , God , cath , it 's good to see you . cath slap he . cath greg , get a grip . cli -- cli -- click -- a conversation - killer . a crawler murmur come from the tunnel beyond . soft. low . like weep . through the catacomb they see a female crawler . the crawler have a swollen belly . it 's pregnant . next to the pregnant crawler be a crawler corpse . the pregnant crawler wash water over the corpse from a nearby pool . clean it tenderly . emitting soft click . mourn . around she , a funeral party of grieve crawler . cath and greg back away . 56 . cath point to a far exit . they only way out past the mourn crawler mother . greg shake he head . cath nod . it 's the only way . greg tiptoe towards the exit on the far side . int . tunnel - darkness vaine hear faint movement again . he swing he light . find nothing . heartbeat rise , he move to a tunnel junction . direct he beam into each tunnel ... drip drip drip something ooze onto vaine 's shoulder . vaine touch the substance . hold it to he light ... viscous liquid . just then , a shadow move behind vaine . sense movement , vaine spin ... a arm swing towards he from the ceiling . Hit he face . vaine flail back , terrify . veer he light up . find -- Dan 's dead body hang upside down from a crack in the ceiling . eviscerate . vaine stumble , fight down he urge to gag . he draw he gun , hand shaking . vaine Jesus . with shaking hand , vaine reach for Dan 's radio . but as he grab it , Dan 's body fall . vaine leap away . his pulse racing , vaine unclip Dan 's radio ... vaine can anyone hear I ? Dan 's dead . Sarah Carter 's kill he ... int . catacomb - darkness greg and cath , tantalisingly close to the exit when ... vaine ( on radio ) ... greg ..? cath ..? ... you hear ..? Dan 's ... dead ... kill ... 57 . the funeral crawler raise they head . hiss . vaine ( over walkie - talkie ) come i ... greg. co ... in . cath snap off she radio . hardly dare look ... greg 's eye search round . meet cath 's . greg run . int . tunnel - continuous greg and cath run for they life ... they hit a dead end . they have to turn back they hear crawler come . there 's nowhere to go . down the tunnel , crawler click , sense the air ... but cath and greg have go . the crawler stop , sense out they victim . High above , wedge back to back , with they foot press to either side of the wall [ a climber 's hold ] cath and greg strain to keep still and silent finally , the crawler scuttle past ... greg and cath drop down . cath desperately try she radio . cath ( into radio ) anyone there ? Chief vaine ? this be cath ? you there ? come in . Lonely static crackle . despair consume she . cath Dan 's dead . greg we do not know that . cath I know what I hear . greg it be not clear . 58 . cath vaine have he radio . greg whoever it be , he can not be far . we get a signal . we gotta find they . cath 's facade quiver , crack . cath hold I greg . they cling tight . cath you will not run out on I . greg out there , on my own , I be so scared . together - we be a team . click . click . greg there 's more of they . cath come on . they charge off through the tunnel . glimpsing crawler give chase . hear they horrible scuttling as they pursue they through ... taper tunnel , sharp turn ... int . gorge cavern - ledge - continuous they stop just as suddenly . teeter on the edge of a gorge with a vertiginous drop below . as cath move she light back up , she illuminate ... SAM . [ from the first film . ] Dead . still hang upside down from a rope in the rock ceiling . one of she arm be miss - the shoulder be chew to the bone . her innard be spill over she side . cath lurch back in horror . greg look at cath , look back into the tunnel they come down . scuffling . 59 . ahead , a deadly drop . cath scan the roof for a route . Sam 's rope snake back through piton along the roof . greg think fast , slam a piton into they near wall , loop the rope through it , pull it taut . [ the gravity of Sam 's bodyweight tug the other end tight . ] greg get we halfway . ( raise he pick ) I 'il hold they off . they lock eye . greg look determine to make amend . cath set out , hand over hand . cath make it to Sam . her decaye body a sticky , putrid , maggot-ddend obstacle . cath slide down . cath climb up the body , hook she pick in Sam 's rib as a hold . reaching the roof , she hook in another piton . secure a secondary rope to it . behind greg , clicking and scuffling . crawler close ... cath greg . cath toss the rope back . just as the crawler crowd he , greg swing ... swing across the cavern , slamm into the far side . gripping hard , he claw he way onto the far ledge . see a crawler climb across the rope towards cath who dangle , vulnerable , like a fly on a spider web , catch between the crawler and greg . greg cath . throw I the rope . i’1l secure it . cath ! but she do not . instead she pull she pick cath run. run ! greg cath , no . but cath turn to fight the crawler . swing with she pick . the piton strain under the triple weight of Sam , cath and the crawler . 60 . greg 's fix on the crawler side wall shift , pop . greg can only watch as cath , Sam and the crawler fall 50 foot ... into a water pool the fight continue . underwater , as the water turn red , the light source die in the water ... greg be alone again . int . stream / pool cave - darkness Sarah and rios follow the stream - which be now deeper . at the end of the tunnel the water tumble down step - like rock into a ovular cave .... Sarah climb down the rock step . rios slip . follow . Water flow in from side passage to form a pool . Sarah look into the pool - see a crawler 's face where she reflection should be ... she spin round to attack it ... but it 's only rios there . rios think she 's be attack . until she see ... the crawler emerge from under the water ... Sarah spin round in time to bury a pick into its neck . killing it . Sarah look around , she sense attune to the possibility of reinforcement ... at the far-end of the cave , water drain slowly into a tunnel that 's almost entirely submerge . there 's only a gap of a foot between the water and the ceiling . Sarah wade in . head towards the submerge tunnel . rios we be not go in that ? Sarah give she a look : she 's go ; it 's up to she if she follow . Sarah wade on , the water now up to she chest desperately unhappy , rios follow . it 's freezing , but rios force herself in deeper and deeper . 61 . int . elsewhere in the cave - darkness vaine stare into the dark ahead . then from the tunnel behind , vaine hear movement . he spin he light into the tunnel . vaine hello ? somebody there ? show yourself . just beyond he light , vaine sense more movement . nothing . adrenaline rise , vaine move into the tunnel . breathe Pov : vaine shine he flashlight round , unaware he 's be watch . int . submerge tunnel - darkness Sarah and rios move down the tunnel . they helmet scrape the roof . only they head be out the water . rios 's on the verge of outright panic . ahead they see that the roof dip dramatically into the water . it look like a solid wall . rios it 's a dead end . sarah the water 's flow . there 's a way through . ( beat ) I be not go to wait for you . rios no please , wait , please . I can not ... sarah ( cold ) it 's all in you head . and Sarah disappear into the water . rios watch , terrify . rios no! oh God ... oh God ... rios try to summon up enough courage to follow Sarah . she take a deep , sobbing breath . dive down . 62. underwater - - rios 's helmet lamp illuminate suspend silt . her hand search down , down . rios find a way forward ... it 's a tight letterbox tunnel . she contort into it . grapple along , she air run out eventually the space open up . she scrabble upwards in desperation . her head come above water into a ... very low breathe -space - - rios 's helmet hit the roof . only she eye be above the surface . she see Sarah 's face tilt , so that she nose and mouth be just out the water . rios copy Sarah . gulp air . sarah lose the helmet . Sarah shine she flashlight ahead . the roof dip down again . sarah and do not think . Sarah take off she helmet . move backwards , face upwards . now there 's only a inch above the surface . rios copy she . rios and Sarah 's nose brush the ceiling for a few horrendous metre , they eye wide in the murky water . finally the roof rise , give they several inch of breathe- space . rios 's shiver . terror-stricken . they put they helmet back on . move further . come to another wall . rios no. please not again ... Sarah just take a breath . duck into the water . disappear into the gloom . rios choke back she dread , take deep breath . duck down into the water too . underwater - - rios feel the rock with she hand . find a way through . scramble through the churn gritty water . the gap open up , wider , higher . a new chamber . rios swim up to the surface ... but there be no surface . 63 . there 's no breathe-space at all . she just come up against rock . she smack the roof with she hand in disbelief . bubbles escape she mouth . she look round , realise she have to keep go ... she dive deeper , she lung aching . frantically pull herself under another dip in the rock . claw through . running out of air fast . gradually the rock above she rise . she swim upwards . hope there 's 1ll be air . finally she surface . into -- another AIR pocket - - this new chamber be small . tight . only she head be above the water . she gulp air . but now , look round , she realise ... es ) he 's alone . rios Sarah ? Sarah ! rios look round , tread water , not know what to do . hiver , she breathe reverberate . Water lap into she jouth , make she cough . her fear and desperation rise fast . bon rios oh fuck ... she know she 's go to die in here . that she 'il drow never to be find . and then she see ... a shadow move under the water towards she . rios shift away from it , terrify . bubble pop on the water 's surface . the shadow rise . underwater - - from the Pov of whatever 's come for she , we see rios 's arm and leg flail . a pale arm reach out . grab she . in the breathe -space - - rios scream . thrashes around to get free . and then the thing surface next to she . rios scream . then realise ... it 's Sarah . rios ( cling to Sarah ) you come back . sarah save you breath . Sarah dive down , pull rios with she ... 64 . underwater - - together they move through the water , follow the rock as it dip down , then corkscrews leave and right . it 's extremely tight . but Sarah pull rios along . they move upwards into ... int . pyramid cave - darkness Sarah and rios surface in a long pool , fill they lung with air . the water flow towards the far point of the pool . Sarah wade forward . see that the water be be suck into a tight crack in the rock . not even big enough to get a arm through . there 's no way to track the water onward . sarah no ... her emotionless face break . she smack the rock block she escape . then pull herself out onto rock at the side . rios there 's no way through ? that 's it ? Sarah do not respond . shiver , rios look round . she 's not willing to give up . Three wall meet at the cave 's apex . there 's a rough '' window '' halfway up a wall that lead to a passageway . rios there must be a way . you find a way ! Sarah , downcast , run she hand through the - sarah Water . rios I think you have leave I . no response . rios pull out she cellphone to bring up a photo of Emily . rios this be my daughter . no response . rios slip around a rock , switch she phone into the video recorder application . 65 . she try to compose herself , to look happy . then she turn the camera on herself , record ... rios luz , this be mummy . I just want you to know how much I love you . how proud I be . what a lovely girl you be . you be good and kind and caring . you live a good life . Te quiero , the estrafio ... as rios 's voice crack , Sarah listen . something in she soften ... rios try to compose herself , return around the rock offer the phone to Sarah . Sarah shake she head . sarah my daughter die . rios I be so sorry . sarah she be my world . there 's a sympathy here . suddenly illuminate in the opposite corner of the cave - across the water - be jessica , with she birthday cake . Sarah melt . but then make a decision to look away . she look back to where jessica be sit . jessica be go . rios have watch all of this with slight alarm . Sarah take out the map from she belt , nod up at the ' window 's in the rock above . sarah vent shaft . all deep mine have they to get air to the miner . if we can follow a seam , break back through into the mine , find one of this shaft - rios what 's the scale of this map ? sarah you do not want to know . 66 . int . cave - darkness greg struggle on , cold , thirsty , alone . behind he , click ... click , something stir . greg spin round , arc he flashlight ... something be stalking he , scurrying in the shadow ... he light a flare , throw it ... hope to scare they off . as greg retreat , the hot light of the flare cast shadow ... crawler . two of they . nosferatu be never so sinister . greg 's see enough . run . int . cave - continuous greg bolt in blind panic . but he 's not as fast as he pursuer . close on he in the dark ... they jump on he back . maul he . one sink its tooth into he torso . greg shriek . the other scratch at he leg . greg kick and swat and bat they off . finally greg get a good look at he attacker . they shadow make they look bigger than they be . two twins . they be so small that greg just stare bewilder . this little crawler seem almost cute . then both twin snarl viciously , show razor tooth . greg fuck this . you little fuck ! all this fear and frustration fuse into rage . the twins regroup . they be not adept at hunt yet , but they be learn fast . they close in on greg . twin 1 leap onto he back , rip into he arm as twin 2 claw at he face . greg knock twin 2 away to the floor . 67 . he back hard against the wall - wind twin 1 . but it hold on tight . spin , greg see a sharp rocky outcrop , back hard into it . impaling the creature . it fall off . Dead . enrage , twin 2 launch at greg . sink it 's tooth into he . its tooth still sink in he arm , greg bashes its head against the wall ... again and again , till it fall ... then , in he bloodlust , he stamp on its head . make crush watermelon of its skull ... greg stumble back , shocked , exhaust . he look down at the dead twins . take in what he 's just do . catch he breath . wipe the blood from he face . slam !!! a female crawler sideswipe greg from out of nowhere . then it look from the dead twins to greg , furious . but greg 's do with run . he 's not go down without a fight . as the crawler advance , greg hold he ground . he pull the drill from he belt . his finger on the trigger . at the last minute , he turn it on , thrust its spiralling bit towards the crawler ... the whirring noise fill the tunnel . but the crawler hear it come . swipe it away . greg turn , swinging the drill round . but the crawler be faster , sink its jaw into he . bite he hand off at the wrist . greg 's hand - still hold the spin drill - fall to the ground . slash . the crawler slashes greg 's tendon . he find himself fall , face - first ... towards the spin drill bit , clamp in he own finger . thrrrr-ssss . he drill through he own eye . dead. 68 . the female crawler attend to the body of the dead twins . she tilt she head and emit a keen screech . a mother 's tragedy - a call to arm ... int . jagged cave - darkness Sarah and rios hear the primal screech echo . they exchange a worried look . hurry to a hole in the rock . rios hesitates , stare into the extremely tight hole . rios move here for the wide , open space . Sarah look back . a hint of a smile . Sarah contort herself into the tiny tunnel ... int . horribly narrow tube tunnel - continuous it 's a terrible , claustrophobic place . Sarah advance with difficulty . rios squeeze in . crawl along . Fighting she fear . int . tunnel - darkness vaine press on . hear movement behind he , he spin ... a figure shift quickly into darkness . but as vaine aim he light , the figure 's go . vaine settles he beam on a SMALL open low in the rock . he pull he gun , duck down . inch into the open . shine he light inside ... it 's a dark tunnel . vaine squint into the darkness , scan he flashlight at ... two eye , glaring back slam ! the figure launch at vaine , who try to fight it off . but it 's too fast and strong . it pin vaine down . flashes a climb axe . vaine stare up in fear . vaine ( cont 'd ) juno! 69 . it be JUNO . axe raise . filthy , feral , she face half - rip away . vaine ( cont 'd ) we be here to rescue you . int . extremely narrow tube tunnel - darkness Sarah and rios continue they belly - crawl . Sarah contort herself through a kink in the rock . rios catch she hip . twist . wedge herself tighter . her breathe get bigger . Sarah twist herself , reach a hand back . sarah luz , that mean light ? rios yeah . sarah she boss you around ? rios yeah . sarah when do she last boss you around ? rios she want shoe like she friend lottie 's . with flash light . sarah do you buy they ? rios yeah . smile . with Sarah 's help , rios relax enough to ease through the kink . sarah stick with that shoe . they 's 1ll get you out . then Sarah 's helmet light pick something up ahead of they . a crawler ! it 's several metre ahead , block they way . it lick water off the rock , oblivious to Sarah and rios 's presence . 70 . Sarah try to tease out she pick , but as she move , the crawler lift its head . click . sense ... Sarah freeze . rios hear the click . panic . rios we can not go back . we can not turn . and then , ahead of they , a rat emerge from a hole in the floor of the tunnel . the hole be cover with webs and dirt , but the rat push through . sniff . Sarah stare at the hole . the only way out now ? the rat scuttle towards Sarah 's face . sniff at she open eye . Sarah can not help but flinch . startle , the rat squeak . the crawler react instantly . stare right at Sarah with its dead eye . Sarah stare back . she have no choice ... she move as fast as she can . right at the crawler . rios Sarah !? but the crawler 's come at they . it 's a race to the hole . Sarah get there first . she push through the web . a '' chimney '' lead straight down . but its wall be move ... it 's alive with bug . Sarah crack a flare . throw it at the crawler , who instinctively rear back . Sarah dive into the bug hole . as Sarah disappear , the crawler screech at rios . but it 's keep at bay by the fizzing flare . rios shuffles faster . dive headfirst into the bug hole . but the crawler catch she trail ankle ... int . bug hole - continuous the wall heave with insect . they cover rios 's face and body . scurry into she hair and clothes . rios scream ... int . horribly narrow tube tunnel - continuous the crawler grapples with rios 's leg . but she boot come off in its hand ... int . bug hole - continuous rios fall head -first . through bug . Falls and fall ... 71 . int . shithole - continuous and land in a mire of putrid sludge . rios 's in a long low cave with many exit . she stand , hysterically brush insect off herself as Sarah watch . rios it 's on I ! it 's on I ! smack ! from the hole above , the crawler land on rios . plung she back into the sludge . Sarah move fast . bam ! Sarah bury she pick into the crawler 's face with all she might . then lever the pick so it tear through the crawler 's brain . the crawler scream in agony . Sarah plunge the pick into the crawler 's chest . twist . blood spurt . Bones crack . the crawler 's history . Sarah yank she pick free , then notice rios stare at she stunne . Sarah realise what she must look like . then Sarah sense something close . clicking . Sarah grab rios . pull she down into the sludge again - so that they be almost submerge . a crawler come into the cave , clicking . it crouch at the edge of the cave ... and shit into the sludge . add to it . rios watch , repulse , realise what she 's neck - deep in . the crawler finish its shit . leave the cave . Sarah help rios up . rios spit out a mouthful of sludge . pick up she lose boot from beneath the dead crawler . pour glop out from it . they share grimace : it 's almost comically bad . int . tunnel - darkness juno demolish a power bar from vaine 's supplies . vaine dress she leg wound , clearly somewhat wary of she feral , manic manner . vaine this be a knife wound - JUNO a pick . vaine Sarah Carter do this ? 72 . juno look at she - how do he know ? vaine we find Sam and Rebecca 's body . and she attack my deputy . get away . JUNO you bring she back down here ? vaine she be the only lead we have - fuck maze down here - do she kill they all ? Holly ? Beth ? juno , remember that she kill Beth , hesitates , focuss on replace the battery in she helmet light . JUNO what do she tell you ? vaine crazy shit , creature , monster . just babbling . be it the dark ? or the drug ? click . click . juno suddenly freeze . Wide -ey . Silent . stare past vaine . a clicking sound come from behind he . vaine turn . squint into the shadow at the far end of the cave ... slowly a figure step through vaine 's light , come towards they . vaine stare at the crawler in utter disbelief . stun , vaine turn back to juno . but she have go . vaine look round , panic . vaine juno ? the crawler click , sense vaine . vaine look back at the approach crawler . but it have slip back into the dark he flash he flashlight around , desperate to locate the threat ... nothing ... 73 . from nowhere , the crawler hiss in vaine 's face . bare its tooth ... juno drop from the ceiling onto the crawler . bury she axe into the side of the crawler 's head , lever its handle down , crunching the blade up through bone and brain . the crawler splutter . Dead . juno pull she axe out , stand up . wipe the axe on she thigh . vaine stare at she . stare at the dead creature . vaine what be it ? JUNO death . juno bark a dark laugh at vaine 's stunne state . he point to she injure leg . vaine but they do not do that ? JUNO ( shake she head ) they be come for we . she sawa way to survive . vaine Hell of a friend - JUNO friendship be weakness . ( smear herself with blood ) you want to live ? think like a animal . lose you human scent . lose all human trace . get like they . move like they . kill like they . vaine eye she warily : this be not a woman to watch you back . he dip he finger in the blood . int . '' staircase '' cave - darkness Sarah and rios climb up large flat rock . they move quickly , efficiently . work as a team . Sarah can see a mark change in rios . she 's toughened . they move onwards . into ... 74 , int . glittering tunnel - continuous the rock glisten . mineral catch in rios 's light as she climb up out of a crack in the wall . Sarah 's right behind . rios look , like the mine . we must be close ... they share a smile of camaraderie . keep move . int . passage - darkness juno and vaine move through the labyrinthine cave in silence : juno stagger on she leg , wince in pain . they reach a junction . vaine fuckin 's maze - take a breath , juno catch she reflection in the blade of she pick : she put she hand to she face . she look haunt by herself , then she face harden as she see - JUNO bootprint . juno measure the print against she boot . marginally bigger . vaine I know she leave you for dead . but when we find she , do not you be think about any payback . justice be my job . juno say nothing . her eye trouble vaine . she scramble off , after the trail . vaine scramble after she -- int . '' forest '' cave - darkness juno and vaine crisscross between thick stalagmite that jut up like tree trunk . juno lead , she eye constantly shifting . she see something on the floor , she quickly bend to look at it another bootprint . she change direction and move off . 75 . vaine move after she , jumpy , alert to every shadow . crawler click echo nearby . juno freeze . vaine what do we - JUNO shut up . juno close she eye . the click come again . juno angle she head , listen , sense . she look to a passage to she leave . then towards another passage on the right . her eye narrow . she grab vaine . pull he to a wall . put she pick to he neck . a crawler appear from behind a trunk . it click and sense . vaine breathes erratically . the approach crawler search the ' forest 's . juno glare at vaine to control he breath . the crawler edge closer . search the wall . it advance on juno and vaine . click in they face . juno 's like stone . vaine be desperately try to stead breath and stay still , sweat bead he upper lip . he edge he gun from its holster . juno shake she head . droplet of piss drip onto he boot ... the crawler turn slowly towards he , smell the air ... clicking mouth millimetre from vaine 's wide eye . juno strike . bite deep into the crawler 's throat . rip and spit out its larynx . the crawler drop dead . vaine stare in shock at juno 's blood - smear mouth . he fight against retching . juno raise a hand , silencing he , sense movement at the far end of the forest . they freeze . listen. 76 . stalagmites block juno 's line of sight . she edge forward cautiously . axe raise . the movement come again . her nerve wound tight , juno work from '' trunk '' to '' trunk '' . she sweep she light round . shift to a new stalagmite . vaine follow she , terrify . juno hear something scrabble behind the stalagmite ahead . she raise she pick . psyches herself . creep slowly round . then spin out from behind the '' trunk '' . launch the pick towards -- nothing . there 's nothing there . glimpsis movement behind she , reflect in she pick . she spin . swing she pick , just as another axe hurtle at juno 's own face . spark fly as the two axe interlock . Sarah . juno stare at Sarah as if she 's see a ghost juno stare right back . for several second , neither speak . Sarah 's icy eye meeting juno 's fiery gaze . they stand : gunslinger before the draw ; prizefighter before the bell ... rios and vaine , ring -side , look to each other , lose something in they face stop vaine step in . Sarah and juno face off , struggle with raging emotion . vaine Girls , that 's enough . kiss and make up . we do not have the time . he might as well be mute . vaine hey ! you hear I . I be in charge here . rios in what way ? he have no answer . 77 . juno raise she axe ... then strike ... releasing it like a tomahawk . past Sarah 's shoulder ... slam ! into the skull of [ the earlier ] crawler that lurk behind she . it fall , dead . juno barge past Sarah , retrieve she weapon . look around she , unimpress . JUNO so you be the rescue party . ( beat ) so what 's the plan ? silence . no one have a plan . she pick up a skull , toss it to vaine . JUNO you ever think , when we be not here , what do they eat ? where do they hunt ? vaine this be a stag 's skull . they hunt above ground ? rios and you know how they get there ? ( juno nod ) so let 's go . sarah if you know how they get out , how come you do not . JUNO ( point to Sarah 's rope ) I have no rope . and no climb partner . int . narrow upward passage - darkness they scramble along , struggle to keep they foot . Sarah lead , far from comfortable with juno on she shoulder . JUNO do not worry , I be watch you back . 78 . behind they , rios scan the thermal imaging camera . vulnerable at the back , vaine . vaine listen rios , we gotta watch ourselves . do not know which of the two mad bitch be worse . rios Three mad bitch . int . cave - continuous the cave floor be dangerously unsecure : deep collapse hole in place , a thin crust of rock in other . juno , in the lead , test the ground in front of she , prodding it with she pick handle . it smashes straight through the crust , revealing a endless deep drop below . JUNO stop ! floor 's unsecure . test every footfall . walk in each other 's step . they edge along they precarious path : it 's like walk on the crust of a creme brulee . it 's like mine -sweep : every footstep slow and perilous . just then crawler click come from behind they . vaine - at the rear - glance back into the darkness . vaine ( cont 'd ) they be come . move it . sarah no , keep it steady . click ... click ... JUNO we be nearly through . vaine can not bear this mine - field speed . press against rios ahead of he . rios ( cont 'd ) Chief , slow and steady . vaine you be not at the back . behind , he light pick up move shadow . 79 . vaine fight every instinct to go fast . lose the battle . hurrying to get past , vaine go off route , put a foot wrong . lose it through the floor . his foot stick fast , he struggle to get it out . JUNO do not move . stay still . rios try to pull he out . Sarah and juno come to help . as they tug , the wrenching groan of a crack open up . sarah it 's no good . the floor will give way . rios we can not leave he . vaine read ruthlessness in Sarah 's look : he know she leave juno . and he 's no friend to she . vaine grab she tight , grapples she . they struggle . Sarah pull she arm away . only to find that vaine have cuffed she wrist to he . vaine get. me. out. Sarah reach for he key . they tussle . the crack widen ... then the ground buckle under he bodyweight , crack open to reveal a deep vertical fissure in the rock vaine tumble into the sheer shaft , hold dangle from Sarah by the cuff , pull she over the ledge with he . rios grab she leg . juno reach out for vaine . it take all three of he just to stop he fall . vaine pull I out . but he 's too heavy - they can not pull he up . from deep below , in the darkness , clicking ... JUNO quiet ! stay still ! 80. in the deep darkness , scrabbling . vaine no , get I out ! they be come ! Sarah look down past vaine : figure emerge from the black below . two crawler . vaine come on ! rios and juno strain to yank vaine out . he 's too heavy . below he , crawler be close fast up out of the dark vaine hurry ! a first crawler close in . a second crawler right behind it the first crawler jump on vaine 's back , use he flesh as claw hold . vaine scream . the crawler instantly double the downward weight , tug vaine back into the shaft , pull Sarah down wit he . rios hold tight . but they be all be pull into the precipice . the second crawler grab at vaine 's leg . gnawing at he boot . tripling the weight . slump . they all slip back further . vaine scream louder . blood burst from he mouth . as vaine be pull backwards , Sarah cling to a rock , with she free hand to anchor herself . sarah the key . realising he 's fuck , vaine fumble for the key . finally get they . but the first crawler bite into he arm . he drop the key . they fall into the darkness . sarah juno ! juno realise immediately what Sarah 's ask she to do . 81 . she glance at vaine , overrun by crawler , realise he 's go to die . juno raise she pick . sarah juno ! please . juno have to lean down into the shaft to have a shot . it put she directly in vaine 's eyeline . he watch in horror as juno aim the pick at he wrist . the collective weight shift further back . one more pull and Sarah 's go too ... sarah ( cont 'd ) please . juno slam the pick into vaine 's wrist vaine scream hideously . rios watch on in shock . but juno hack again . and again . through skin , sinew bone , gristle , tendon . there be eight bone and four joint in the wrist . it 's bloody , grisly work . again , vaine be pull harder , tendon strain , rip . last tendon . blood down he . crawler on throat -- pull they down . juno have one last shot . a final sinew stretch and snap as ... vaine fall away . the crawler fall with he . disappear down into the dark Sarah hang free . they hoist she up over the lip . vaine 's severe hand dangle from she cuff . disgust Sarah try to shake it free . it remain persistently in place : take some effort to get it loose . they back away from the drop . Sarah meet juno 's eye . nod something approximate thanks . rios which way ? 82 . juno point . JUNO wait . there 's something I do not tell you . ext . crawler feeding chamber - dark Sarah , juno and rios peer round a corner in a tunnel , peer round the corner into ... a wide , dome chamber . a awful cacophony of raspy wet chewing . wherever rios aim she thermal imaging camera , it reveal : heat blob . dozen of heat blob . each one a live crawler ; hardly any floorspace between they , tear at they freshly slaughter prey - both animal and human . JUNO it 's where they eat . juno point to the far side of the chamber : a tunnel wet with blood from where slaughter creature have be bring . to get there , they have to swim through the bloodpool [ where run- off blood collect ] that run along the side of the chamber . rios shake she head : be juno mad ? juno nod . it 's the only way . Sarah and juno hold a long look . int . crawler feeding chamber - dark the three of they slip into the blood pool ... the stench be horrendous . the sound be worse : disgusting glimpsis wet lipsmack , chomping , tearing , chewing . they wade through the pool ... slow , claggy progress they communicate with hand and head : stop ; go ; that way . a discard bone splashes between they . a false alarm . they press on . all too aware of they prospective fate . finally they climb out of the blood pool , drip with blood . they edge on , towards the tunnel . 83. pick they way through discard bone . one false foot will alert they all . rios suddenly step inch from greg 's half - eat head . rios 's urge to gag intense . parasite crawl out , onto she boot . she steel herself , follow the other into the tunnel . int . sinkhole junction - moment later several foot in , they reach a junction at the base of a sinkhole . Far , far above : a distant pinprick of light . a chimney - like structure , form by fall water , its sheer side be round and smooth . feeling the smooth wall , Sarah talk at a whisper . sarah we can not hammer in hold , we will upset the neighbour . JUNO two people , back to back . a beat . someone must be leave below . Sarah and rios look at each other , at juno , not quite trust she . JUNO I could not climb a tree . sarah we 'il drop a rope . JUNO you better . Sarah and rios , back to back , leg press on oppose wall crab they way up the chimney . every friction hold dislodge small stone and rock dust that trickle down . agonise moment for juno , at the bottom , aware of the eater that might be alert down the tunnel . she see hot shape shuffle in she thermal imaging . rios 's untrained leg wobble , strain for a hold . they struggle to keep they shape . knock a carabiner from Sarah 's belt ... it fall forever ... 84 . land with a clang . juno see crawler stir , raise she pick . then the crawler thankfully return to they trough . finally Sarah and rios reach a ledge , halfway up . from here , the chimney taper such that one person can continue alone . sarah keep climb . rios hesitates , then press on for the top . at the bottom , juno wince at every scuff of she boot , every fall of dislodge rock . Sarah throw a rope down , tug it tight for juno . juno start she rope climb , struggle with she injure leg , alert to every noise . the metallic click of every clasp . the creak of rope . the jangle of metal buckle against rock ... juno hear crawler 's rustling . nervous . Sarah hold the rope , take juno 's weight , she muscle burn , she hand burn against taut rope . juno 's injure leg buckle as she struggle to yank herself up faster . she lose she grip , slip back to the bottom . juno struggle to steady herself , flail for handhold on the smooth rockface . slam . juno land hard at the bottom - let out a cry . she grit she tooth against the pain . too late . crawler stop eat ! a eerie silence . Sarah can see two crawler close in on juno below she juno swing she pick , fend they off . above she she can see rios climb towards the light . she could leave now and follow rios . JUNO go . go after she . Sarah hesitates . rios look back , alive to she dilemma . two huge lead crawler pincer in on juno . 85 . there 's no escape ... Sarah drop down on a rope . she land she boot on the first crawler head , slamm she pick into the second huge crawler ... Sarah face juno . no time to talk . a mother of a battle to fight . whilst rios climb , Sarah and juno hack at whatever come at they . chop . cut . smash ... side by side , Sarah and juno slice , scythe , sever ... a bloody blur of close - quarter combat , Sarah and juno barely distinguishable from the crawler they fight . a crawler lunge . sink its tooth into Sarah 's arm . juno bury she pick into the crawler 's back . the crawler release it jaw to screech in agony , revealing its neck . juno ram the axe right into the crawler 's jugular juno take a excruciate claw - wound to she injure leg . Sarah jump in , take a heavy gut blow - crawler 's claw - that be mean for juno . back to back , Sarah and juno dispatch the crawler with a barrage of blow . ... finally there be none leave . everything be dead . juno and Sarah stand together at the centre of a bloody circle . turn , they come face to face with one another . a baptism in blood . from all the tunnel , click , scuttle ... juno pick up the thermal imaging camera . every way she turn , down every tunnel , red spot : crawler , close in ... horde of they . JUNO my leg 's fuck . go. I x11 hold they . sarah you would not last a minute . JUNO I last two day . 86 . sarah I know . the crawler close fast . Sarah cough up blood , press the deadly gash on she torso . juno understand the full extent of she injury . a device on Sarah 's belt flash red : Dan 's gas detector . sarah methane . that stuff 's 1ll kill you . reading each other 's thought , they somehow find smile . hear the crawler come through the tunnel , Sarah and juno turn to face they . both wield pick . tire . fighter in the final round . juno can barely walk . Sarah 's little better : she breathe labour ; drip blood . together they stumble away from the sinkhole , towards the enemy , into the darkness . JUNO comeonnnnnn ! the crawler turn en masse . snarl and screech . Sarah and juno slip into a side tunnel . int . sinkhole - darkness rios climb . emotion shudder through she . but as rios climb higher and higher , she grit she tooth ... ... fix she eye on the light at the end of the tunnel . onward , upward , toward the light . int . tunnel - darkness crawler hunt . voice draw they deeper into the dark ... they hunt it down . turn a corner , find ... the camcorder ... play .. the party scene .. all the girl from the first film ... laugh and have fun ... friend ... a false trail . 87. a crawler sniff the camcorder , swipe it aside . the crawler listen out for other noise . hear rios grunt and scuffle as she climb ... with lethal speed , they set out after she . int . sinkhole - darkness rios make for the light above . below , she hear the crawler . then she see they . sarah ( 0.s. ) this way you blind fuck ! the crawler turn away , after ... JUNO ( 0.s. ) come to mama ! int . tunnel - darkness dead-end . Sarah and juno huddle . two break warrior . JUNO you belt still flash . sarah it 's a fashion thing . it 's Dan 's gas detector : on red alert for methane . JUNO you get gas ? sarah something terrible . you get a light ? int . sinkhole - darkness rios climb towards the light , know the other be below . int . dead end - darkness juno pull a zippo lighter . sarah that 's Holly 's ? ( juno nod ) this be yours . 88. Sarah hand juno the ' love each day 's pendant Paul give she they interlock the pendant in they hand . they share a look . a silent communion . JUNO I 'il see you in hell . sarah not if I see you first . the crawler inch closer . surround Sarah and juno . Sarah flick the lighter . the naked flame ignites the methane . a fireball roll through the cave , swallow and smite everything . killing all crawler ... consume the camcorder : all the girl , in the cabin , laugh ... int . sinkhole - darkness with crawler screech and smoke rise behind she , rios climb up toward the light . ext . mountain side - day rios spill out into the surface . Dawn be just break . spectral light . she 's halfway up the mountain . deep in forest . she roll over . overwhelm . gulping air . practically cry . then she see a stag . running for its life , from unseen predator . blurr shape , chase it through the tree . a familiar click ... click ... rios 's face suddenly tighten . rios they hunt above ground . rios look around . the nightmare 's not over rios hunker down , pull out she mobile phone . dial 911 . 89 . rios this be deputy elen rios . I need backup . hear a noise , she turn back to the sinkhole . peer back into the darkness ... rios Sarah ? juno ? strain to see into the pitch black . flashframe : crawler jaw , close in ... black .