the departed written by William monahan base on infernal affair script as shot compiled september 2006 fade up on the south boston housing project . a maze of building against the harbor . costello ( v.o. ) I do not want to be a product of my environment . I want my environment to be a product ... of I . yellow ripples past the camera and when it clear we see through diesel smoke : a busing protest in progress . the school - bus , full of black kide , be hit with brick , rock . n.b. : ( this be not setting the live action in 1974 ; it be a historical montage , the background for costello' v.o. ) . int . the autobody shop . day . costello 's profile pass in a dark room . costello ( v.o. ) year ago , we have the Church . that be only a way of say we have each other . the Knights of Columbus be head - breaker . they take over they piece of the city . ext . southie . various the neighborhood . 1980' . we will not be here long . this be not where costello end up . it 's where he begin . liquor store with shamrocked sign . men fishing near Castle Island . Catholic schoolkid play in a asphalt schoolyard . costello ( v.o. ) twenty year after a irishman could not get a job , we have the presidency . that 's what the nigger do not realize . if I get one thing against the black chap it 's this . no one give it to you . you have to take it . int . lunch counter . day costello come in . the shop be one that sell papers , sundry , fountain drink ... and front a bookie operation . young costello ( lean over cluttere counter ) do not make I have to come down here again . ( continued ) 2 . continued : proprietor wo not happen again , Mr. c. the frighten proprietor hand over money . fifty buck , a hundred , do not matter . costello be never the threatener . his demeanor be gentle , philosophical . almost a shrink 's probing bedside manner . he have great interest in the world as he move through it . as if he originally come from a different world and he survival in this one depend on close continual observation and analysis . young colin look up . close on he eye . he be fourteen or fifteen , but small for he age . bookish . costello eye the proprietor 's teenage daughter , work behind the counter . he take a propane lighter , and , strangely , pay for it ( the proprietor startle ) and wait for change . he light a more cigarette with the lighter . young costello carmen 's develop into a fine young lady . you should be proud . you get you period yet , carmen ? the proprietor be uneasy . costello turn to young colin ( about 14 ) stare at the local hero . costello reach up above and behind the counter and take down some cigarettes . young costello ( cont 'd ) you johnny Sullivan 's kid ? colin nod . young costello ( cont 'd ) you live with you grandmother ? colin nod . young colin yeah . costello tell the proprietor to take three loaf of bread and some soup off the shelf and put they in Colin 's bag . costello get he three loaf of bread . and a couple of half gallon of milk . and some soup . he go over to the fridge and put two half gallon of milk in the bag . some soup . costello turn to Colin . ( continued ) 3 . continued : ( 2 ) costello ( cont 'd ) do you like comic book ? Colin nod . he add a couple of comic book . when the proprietor look at he , he take out the money he put in he pocket and give back half . young costello you do good in school ? young colin nod , hold the big bag of loot . colin yes . young costello that 's good . I do good in school . they call that a paradox . he give some money to carmen . young costello ( cont 'd ) buy yourself some makeup . keep the change . look intently at colin to see if he get it . Colin do . young costello ( cont 'd ) you ever want to earn a little extra money , you come by L street . you know where I be on L street . colin nod : everybody do . young colin thank you . he push out with the bag of grocery . the proprietor can do shit about it . young costello watch young colin go off down a slummy street . int . a church . morning . 1985-ish young colin , the good boy , the very good boy , be serve at a funeral mass . various view of the church . stain - glass light . the altar be still wreathe in the smoke of incense . ( continued ) 4 . continued : priest ( v.o. ) to you , o Lord we commend the soul of alphonsus , you servant ; in the sight of this world he be now dead ; in you sight may he live forever . forgive whatever sin he commit through human weakness and in you goodness grant he everlast peace . all amen . close on colin be face . priest ( vo ) May the angel lead you into paradise ; May the martyr come to welcome you and take you to the holy city , the new and eternal Jerusalem . a liturgical bell ting . int . the autobody shop . day costello be talk informally ( we realize that this be a continuation of the philosophical talk , the shadowy pace ) . young kide . useful young man . young colin , three year older , be among they . young costello Church want you in you place . what sort of man want to be keep in he place ? do this do not do that , kneel , stand , kneel , stand ... I mean if you go for that sort of thing ... young colin , the recent altar boy , visibly do not go for that sort of thing . young costello ( cont 'd ) I do not know what to do for you . a man make he own way . no one give it to you . you have to take it . ( a beat ) non serviam . young colin James Joyce . ( continued ) 5 . continued : young costello him and lucifer . and I . ( to the room ) guineas from the North end and down Providence , try to tell I what to do ... and something maybe happen to they . ext . a remote beach . dawn Rose -color dawn . young costello , with a pistol , execute a man kneel in the surf . she fall on the body of a man who have just be execute . costello jeez , she fall funny . french move forward with a axe in he hand . french Frank , you gotta see somebody . they go about they business . int . the autobody shop . day young costello walk , talk ... not continuous with the above . we see that only young colin be present . young costello you decide to be something , you can be it . that 's what they do not tell you , the Church . mister french be do book off behind a window of dirty glass . young costello ( cont 'd ) when I be you age , they would say , we become cop or criminal . today , what I be say to you be this : when you be face a load gun ... very close on costello , hold Colin 's shoulder . young costello ( cont 'd ) what 's the difference ? ecu : colin' eye swerve up . we be now on ( mature ) colin' eye eye . this be how the character transit the " age leap " ... on the unchange eye . 6 . the same eye . pull back to reveal : police trainees . ( including barrigan , who be include in all Colin 's trainee scene ) . colin be in the class , wear a trainee 's uniform . he have a notebook , a pen . write . instructor the slug enter the skull by form a small entrance hole . blood and brain matter be eject backwards from this hole . the bullet , which may expand , fragment or tumble , then pass through the brain ... colin write . int . firing range . day police trainees on a firing range . as we go along the line we see colin , fire dry and then speed - change a clip in a beretta 92f . he be a perfect trainee . ext . a training field . day state police trainees stand in a pissing rain , a DI yell at they os . colin be stare forward . rain stream down he face . his opinion on the experience be not decipherable . ad lib : " Sir , yes , sir . " ext . the boston common . day guy we recognize from the previous shot at the State Police Academy ( wear statie t-shirt ) , include colin and barrigan , be play rugby against some firefighter . very rough game . the game break up with each group give each other the finger . firefighter be move away triumphantly . colin Fucking firemen be get pussy for the first time in the history of fire . or pussy . colin sit on a bench look at the gold dome of beacon hill . the terrace of fine townhouse . aqueous golden light behind . misty golden beauty . ( continued ) 7 . continued : barrigan what be you look at ? forget it . you father be a janitor , and he son 's only a cop . colin ( not vainglorious , but innocently stretch for the idea ) you be in trouble if you be " only " anything . barrigan do not tell I I be look at the first dickhead - american president of the United States . colin do not have a great sense of humor but he know how to pretend that he do . he smile . ext . state police graduation ceremony . day bagpipe and bullshit . flag crack . line after line of paramilitary - look graduate , among they colin . speaker ( v.o. ) the Massachusetts State Police have a long tradition of excellence . you graduation today solidify you acceptance into one of the finest law enforcement agency in we nation . as the Governor of the commonwealth of Massachusetts , I be confident each and every one of you will serve with distinction , honor and integrity . camera swirl around colin as he move , a lone person , through the break up crowd . other graduate be hugge by family . colin , alone , come to the gate of the yard . the mayor vo congratulation . you be dismiss . the bagpipe band play " minstrel Boy . " colin be Pov : a oldsmobile . costello and mister french stand by the car . ( continued ) 8 . continued : colin walk over to the car . costello give colin a BOX . colin flip open the top and then quickly close it . note : the box could contain a eyeball , money , drug , a picture of Colin fuck he school teacher ... we will never know . costello School 's out . you earn it . yeah , no more teacher , no more book . int . a examination room . day title : four year later a test be reverse on a desk light with fluorescent . billy take up a number two pencil . he be in a room full of trainee , far enough along in they traineeship that they hair have grow in . a clock tick , sweep hand come around . billy eye on it . instructor ( o.s. ) begin . billy take the test , mark multiple choice answer swiftly while all around he trainee be sweat and still try to read the question . ext . a track . day billy , wear a State Police sweatshirt be run , alongside brown a black trainee with specs . brown she tell I , you never finish anything . ( puff puff ) you finish the police course you get take care of again baby . ( puff puff ) so after graduation ( puff puff ) I get a blowjob again . billy that 's great . you mom must be a wonderful woman . brown fuck yourself . ( continued ) 9 . continued : billy look at it this way , you be a black guy in Boston . you do not need any help from I to be completely fuck . brown Ways to get ahead , though , man , way to get ahead . billy ( exasperate by this ) to where . ( yeah ) brown be leave think about this . ext . training field . day billy with other trainee be be brace by a DI . drill instructor this be not the regular police . this be the state police . you training will illustrate the difference . what 's the difference ? billy ( sotto voce to brown ) rage issue and lower median iq . drill instructor you say something ? billy Sir , I be agree with you about we obvious superiority to other form of police , sir . drill instructor we be not superior , we be the best . billy Sir , yes sir . int . firing range . day billy , in glass and ear-protector , wait for the target . go from the gun to 10 . int . a crackhouse . day . colin , four year a veteran of the gang unit , be on the job , on a raid , clear room , part of a team work with massive aggression . he move through a door . a sad sack of shit be throw drug out a window . colin ( call to other cop ) douchebag ! cop enter past Colin and pigpile the man . colin be chew gum , all testosterone and aggression , glad to be a cop . the smartest guy in the room . ext . firing range . day billy fire , and change clip . ext . a STREET in boston . day a black - windowed , modern , police build , beetling over a plaza . older Boston reflect in the featureless glass . the Boston of this film be almost futuristic . colin look up at the building with great intensity . he put on he sunglass and walk towards the door . int . queenan' office . day colin , in civvy ( a very good suit ) , stand at suave attention before captain queenan , a mild and scholarly man who might as well be a Jesuit history - teacher . queenan congratulation on pass the detective exam , and welcome to the special investigation unit . dignam ( tonelessly ) whoop - di fuckin ' do . queenan we will not be work directly together , you will be work for Captain ellerby , but I like to see everybody . ( contemplate he ) you be a worker , you rise fast . ( continued ) 11 . continued : dignam like a twelve year old 's dick . ( alt : like a turd in the pool . ) colin thank you , sergeant . dignam my pleasure . colin ( to queenan ) thank you , sir . he turn to go . int . queenan' office waiting room . day as colin leave the office , look very satisfied and not a little saturnine ( it 's not as if he be not pleased by recognition and it 's not as if he will not get revenge on dignam ) , he barely glance -- and do not actually see - - the trainee sit off to one side . he see polished brogue , and walk on . queenan' secretary ( whisper , joyful , in love with colin ) congratulation . colin thanks , hon . as colin leave she moderate she expression and : queenan' secretary ( coldly ) you can go in there now . billy look up . he have not see colin , and colin have not see he . he have he interview on he mind . int . queenan' office . moment later billy stand at attention . the picture of a spit-and - polish trainee . queenan you can sit . billy do . ( continued ) 12 . continued : queenan ( cont 'd ) so. billy have no idea why he be in this room with the brass . sgt. dignam be stare at he aggressively , with contempt , stir he coffee . dignam be more intelligent than he seem . queenan ( cont 'd ) do you know what we do here ? my section ? billy do not want to answer unless he can answer correctly . billy Sir , yes , sir , I have a idea ... sgt . dignam whoa , let 's say you have no idea and leave it there . no idea . Zip , none . if you have a idea about what we do we would not be good at what we do . we would be cunt . be you call we cunt ? billy would not normally take crap from this guy ; but he do . he 's openly intrigue by the situation . dignam be stare at he . billy look evenly at queenan . queenan ( not look up from papers ) staff sergeant dignam have a style of he own . I be afraid we all have to deal with it . sgt . dignam ( get to business , hard ) you have family connection down in southie . through you father . tell we about you uncle Jackie . billy uncle Jackie be a carpet layer for Jordan marsh . sgt . dignam uncle Jackie be a small - time bookie who tend bar at the vet in somerville . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) sgt . dignam ( cont 'd ) he get pop by nicastro in ' 95 . they find he body out by the airport . billy say slowly : billy that 's right . ( tightly ) I remember he funeral . sgt . dignam ( cruelly ) close casket ? billy that 's right . sgt . dignam you tell anybody at deerfield - that be , before you get kick out for whaling on a gym teacher with a fold chair - you have a uncle meet he demise like that ? billy say nothing . eye luminous . sgt . dignam ( cont 'd ) I get a question . how fuck up be you ? int . corridor police build . day colin , in he good suit , move along the hall . he own the building . he look into office . he be look at he future . from one room barrigan ( still work in uniform ) give he the thumb up . colin get a coffee . he look at a secretary 's ass . caught at it , he smile beautifully . she smile back . barrigan what you get ? ( with admiration and envy ) " staff sergeant " . in four year you be a sergeant . colin siu . what a country . barrigan ( after a beat ) perfect . ( continued ) 14 . continued : meaning to some extent " perfect for a dick like you " . this be how friend come apart . barrigan be unable to continue he pose of congratulation . colin ( close on Colin ) be on to he . colin I do not mind go it alone . if you could go it alone you might get somewhere yourself . barrigan we be cop . this be not " somewhere " . colin I know you be a worker . I might be able to do something for you . you get any suit at home or you like come to work look like you be gonna invade Poland . int . queenan' office . day billy be still at attention . dignam go with wet thumb through papers . sgt . dignam let 's look at the rest of the family tree . you maggot uncle Tommy costigan -- he 's another goof -- get bust sell gun to federal officer . among many , many , many other departure from , ah , " normative behavior " . queenan be inspect billy , watch he reaction . specs catch light . billy what 's this get to do with I ? sgt . dignam why be you pretend to be a cop ? int . ocs conference room . continuous colin be eyeing a woman cop across the table . she smile at he and lower she eye . at the end of the table : ellerby this unit be new , and you be the newest member of it . you have be select for it on the basis of intelligence and aptitude . ( more ) ( continued ) 15 . continued : ellerby ( cont 'd ) this be a elite unit . we job be to smash -- or at least marginally disrupt -- ( he get the laugh he expect ) -- organize crime in this city by we own effort and by enhance cooperation with the FBI , represent here by agent Frank lazio -- ( show the deeply unreliable dandy lazio ) and we will do it . and by organize crime in this city ... you know who we mean . surveillance photo come up . costello in sunglass stand in front of the autobody shop . costello stand with uncle jackie costigan . ellerby ( cont 'd ) ( click the button ) that 's Jackie costigan ... that 's a old picture . Jackie meet he demise . photo of jackie' demise : photo of jackie , dead . ellerby ( cont 'd ) last know photograph . more recent photo . fitzy , delahunt , french , all photograph with costello . come out of building , talk on the street , get into car . ellerby ( cont 'd ) costello use three key guy . there 's fitzy ...off the boat psycho ... life in brockton with he mother who look like she 's straight out of " go my Way " ... there 's delahunt , muscle , and here 's french ... the number one . but of course the rock star be ... [ you know who ] a picture of costello come up . colin look at it . in the mug shot costello be serene , untouchable legally , untouchable at the heart . he 's like a hilarious devil . ellerby ( cont 'd ) we have do a briefing book . read up . ( more ) ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) ellerby ( cont 'd ) I want to have any and all idea , so I can pass they off as my own . ( laughter , a long beat ) do you job and you will rise fast . you be in the best position in the department . let 's go to work . the recruit disperse into a glitter modern office . colin , in he flash suit , get a cup of coffee . he look at the briefing book . he open to a picture of costello . int . queenan' office . day dignam still work billy . dignam you old man be a hump from southie . baggage - handler at the airport . family 's all criminal except you old man . billy and one priest . since you seem to know everything . dignam I be not sure about he , either . ( alt : last I hear he be happily marry to a 12 year old boy and live on a beach in Thailand . ) family 's dig into the southie project like tick . lifer down there . Three decker man at best . you grow up , however , up the North shore . La di ( fuckin ' ) da . dignam lean over billy . dignam ( cont 'd ) you be kind of a double kid , I bet , right ? one kid with you old man . one kid with you mother . Upper middle class in the week , and then drop you 'r 's and hang in the southie project with daddy the donkey on the weekend . I get that right ? billy , open up expertly and crudely , stare with contain hatred . ( continued ) 17 . continued : sgt . dignam you have different accent ? you do , do not you . ( you little fuckin ' snake . ) you be different fuckin ' people . billy you a psychiatrist ? sgt . dignam if I be I would ask you why you be a statie make thirty grand a year . and I think if I be sigmund fuck Freud himself I would not get a answer . so tell I , what 's a lace curtain motherfucker like you do in the staties ? billy well . families be always rise or fall in America . be I right ? queenan ( appreciative , kindly , look up from he papers ) who say that ? billy hawthorne . sgt . dignam ( although he know perfectly well who hawthorne be ) make a fart - noise with he mouth . billy look at he with a " I be go to kill you " expression which be not without wit and which dignam seem to admire . dignam what 's the matter , smartass ? you do not know any fuckin' Shakespeare ? queenan we have a question . you want to be a cop , or do you want to appear to be a cop . it 's a honest question . lot of guy want to appear to be cop . gun. badge . pretend they be on tv ... sgt . dignam a lot of they just want to slam a nigger 's head through a plate glass window . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 2 ) billy I be all set without you personal job application , sergeant . dignam ( after a " we get a live one " glance at queenan ) what the fuck do you say to I , trainee ? billy look at he , and then look forward . billy Sir , with all due respect , sir , what be it you want from I ? dignam hey asshole , he can not help you . I know what you be , and what you be not . I be the best friend you ever have on the face of the earth . I be gonna help you understand something : you be no fuckin ' cop . queenan he 's right . ( billy look at queenan ) we deal in deception here . but what we do not deal with be self - deception . in five year , you might be anything else in the world , but you will not be a Massachusetts State trooper . billy you sure of that ? queenan I be sure of that . dignam guaranteed . queenan ( look up from he papers ) you do not have much family . close on billy . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 3 ) billy ( decide this on the spot ) I do not have any family . ext . huntington avenue . late day a trolley go past . hospital hill , above the trolley line , be sinister , quiet . hospital at the top like a malign fortress , above row of endlessly repeat condominium . billy cross from the trolley stop , desperately , a angry young man at he life 's turn point . int . a hospital room . later billy mother lie as if float in she bed . tube , light . a bald head on a barely - dent pillow . she be a cancer patient in a coma , weigh possibly 80 lb . gasp for air . her airway be clear with a suction tube . billy sit watch as the tube go in . billy sit look at she . ext . the hospital corridor . later billy be lean against a wall . a maternal wasp uncle , a not - bright guy ( pretension , rather than status ) , speak briefly to a doctor further along the hall , then approach billy , hand in the pocket of a good suit . wasp uncle what 's this I hear from Stephanie about you become a policeman ? billy you mean Stephanie who be the only one who come to my father 's funeral ? that Stephanie ? uncle that Stephanie . billy nothing much to it uncle Edward . uncle be you try to prove something to the family ? billy when you say " family " , what do you mean ? you ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : uncle you always question everything , do not you ? billy yeah , well , maybe it would have do you some good to have a question from time to time . " be I a asshole ? " " be my kid a mess ? " " be my wife a money - grub whore ? " that be question . ( the uncle start to leave ) " have I be good to my die sister or be I just pretend to be ? " ( he 's stung the uncle ) too late now , right ? uncle do you need some money for the funeral ? the uncle move away , bend to get he overcoat . billy when my mother die we do not have any connection . you get it ? ext . boston . twilight aerial . fly from the hospital to : the gold dome on beacon hill int . a apartment on beacon hill . twilight a realtor switch on light . a empty , flash apartment above the parisian rooftop of beacon Hill . a view of the dome . more than you would think a cop could afford . we see , as colin do , beyond he reflection in the glass , the state house dome . realtor this be it . Nice . you have get high ceiling , parquet floor . there 's a lock on the fridge in case you have eat issue .... joke ... not a very good one . ( uneasy ) so , you be a policeman ? ( continued ) 21 . continued : colin ( like something he be use to recite ) I be a State Police detective . realtor ( wonder where he get he money from ) State Police detective . you a marry State Police detective ? colin ( come out of he reverie and coldly : ) ... no. realtor oh , cuz it 's big and I wonder if a cop ... colin I have a cosigner . realtor you intend to have a housemate . that 's cool . colin give I the fuckin ' papers . ext . hospital hill overlook . night billy sit on a bench look out over the whole city . ( it be the best view of Boston , never see in a film ) . he 's smoking a cigarette , make he decision . int . queenan' office . day continuation of the interview . billy so what do I do ? queenan during the war , churchill use river mine . he would float they down the river into Germany . they would either hit something , or not . that 's what we will use you for . I will float you down the river . the rest will happen . or it will not ... ( a beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 22 . continued : queenan ( cont 'd ) by the way , this be not police work for peanut . there 's money behind this operation . you will not be pay as a cop , but there be a bonus involved . tax free . queenan write on a slip of paper and hand it to billy . billy look up from the paper , impressed . dignam luck of the irish . all that and you be still young enough to fuck undergraduate . queenan we can not conceal that you have be a trainee . you will be convict of a crime . we be think that a guilty plea to assault and battery might make sense . dignam give you nature . queenan you will serve enough jail time to convince anyone that it 's no set - up . you will be on probation . the whole nine yard . dignam I need you , pal . you have already pretend to be a costigan from South Boston . billy look up with a glaze insolence . in one beat he be not a scared trainee but a smart criminal . billy every weekend ... sergeant . dignam perfect . queenan do it again . for I . ext . hospital hill overlook . night billy throw down he cigarette . he have decide . film title : the departed 23 . ext . cemetery . day Priest 's cassock whipping in the wind . a few mourner ( shabby genteel lady , contemporary of he mother ) , but billy seem to have no real connection with any of they . later billy be alone at the grave . he look at the tag on wind - blow wreath . one give he pause . under a picture of the virgin it read : " Heaven hold the faithful depart " and be sign : " f. costello " . int . jail holding tank . day a cell door close . on billy . look like a real criminal . not a pretend one . frightened and resolute at once . billy be in a hold tank . ext . the balcony of colin' apartment . morning colin , in a bathrobe , lean on the rail and look at Boston . the gold dome visible . Colin drink coffee . not satisfied : worried . int . a processing facility . day billy , naked , hold he clothes in a bundle . be process out of jail . beside he another guy , furtive , gruff , not try to be friendly . other prisoner you be Bill costigan ? billy who want to know ? other prisoner nothin . ' I know a Sean costigan . L Street . billy my cousin . other prisoner connect but not too bright -- ( billy look at he with a only - I - can-insult - my - cousin look ) no offense . billy get he clothes . 24 . int . conference room . day on the wall be a rogue gallery of costello and all he primary guy ... mister french , delahunt , fitzy . colin and other sit listen . colin , read a paper ( Boston Herald ) which may or may not have the headline , case dropped against drug cadet ( feature a picture of billy ) , look up as sgt . dignam come in . sgt . dignam sorry I be late . ellerby staff sergeant dignam be we liaison with the undercover section . they undercover work be extensive . he 's here to give we he report . sgt. dignam . sgt . dignam ok . they be out there , my people . they be like the fuckin' Indians . you be not gonna see they . you be not gonna hear about they except through I or Captain queenan . you will not , ever , know the identity of undercover people . this shit hole , unfortunately , have more fuckin ' leak than the iraqi navy . ellerby fuck yourself . sgt . dignam I be tired from fuck you wife . ellerby how 's you mother ? sgt . dignam good . she 's tired from fuck my father . ( open a file ) ok , today , girl , what I get for you be microprocessor . lazio , the fed , come in and sit down . with folder , pencil . ( continued ) 25 . continued : sgt . dignam ( cont 'd ) somebody , as you may already know , steal one hundred microprocessor from the mass processor Corp out Route 128 . they be the kind of processor they put into computer that can put a cruise missile up the ass of a camel from the other side of the planet . that 's what they do out there on " America 's Technology highway " . Worth a hundred grand apiece . guy work for the company two month walk out the door with a box of processor on Tuesday , have a ticket book for Florida on Wednesday , but on Thursday he get find in a dumpster . you know where this dirt ball start he life ? southie project . colin what be he name ? the , ah , depart . sgt . dignam myle kennefick . get the job with a forge umass transcript . umass Boston , which incidentally happen to be in ... lazio South Boston ? sgt . dignam who forge you transcript , dickhead ? colin I know that guy . his father run the hibernian liquor Mart . kennefick 's . ellerby we be not here to solve the " case of the Dead scumbag " . we be here to nail costello . colin stand down , embarrassed . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 2 ) sgt . dignam we get a guy say that he hear costello be move the processor to China ... that he set up the whole fuckin ' job and pop kennefick . ( lazio be write , lawyerish . ) you do not want to miss it if costello take a dump . ellerby we would miss less if you informant be available to we , and of course to the FBI ( Bureau ) ... lazio without ask for detail , do you have anyone in with costello presently ? sgt . dignam maybe . maybe not . maybe fuck yourself . my theory on fed be they be like mushroom . feed them shit and keep in the dark . you girl have a nice day . ext . a STREET of tenement in southie . day billy step off a bus at a corner . he go up to a house , and knock on the door . a southie hag answer . on a oxygen cylinder , smoking . billy aunt billy ? billy nod . billy aunt Cathy ? his aunt take she cigarette out of she mouth and then embrace he fiercely . billy take it like the imposter he be . but he might well love he aunt . billy aunt good to see you . good to see you . int . billy aunt' kitchen . day billy be eat soup . ( continued ) 27 . continued : billy aunt they say you be in the staties , I could not believe it . billy I get kick out about four month ago . sean it be in the papers . Sean be a villain lean in a doorway . bad tie : he take it off . he have be at a funeral . billy well . so you know . sean and why be we grace with you presence ? billy I bring you mother some picture of my father . it 's true . they be on the table . billy ( cont 'd ) my mother have they . my mother 's dead . sean ( reflexively ) I be sorry . I be sorry for you trouble . Sean open the fridge , open a beer , and hand it to billy . he open one for himself . sean ( cont 'd ) I be at a funeral myself . myle kennefick , know he in school . beat the fuck out of he seven or eight time as a matter of fact . ( affably to billy ) you workin ' ? billy no. 28 . ext . the porch of the three -decker . later Sean and billy be still drink beer . sean when do I see you after that ? billy not for a long time . down the cape after Rose 's wedding . I think . sean fuck , oh shit . I remember that , dude . I have that fuckin ' buck knife , right , and I cut all the brass numbas off the door at the hotel . I be trippin ' ... all of they . that be a night . Sean look deflate . billy listen , I get twenty thousand dollar when my mother die . insurance . sean yeah ? billy in you line of work , if I give you ten thousand dollar what could you give I back ? sean my line of work ... I be not in that line of work just presently because I do not have ten thousand dollar . as a matter of fact I have never have ten thousand dollar . billy that 's what I be say . Sean nod , and nod . sean you know what we usually say at this moment . ( continued ) 29 . continued : billy you fuckin ' moron . what be you talk about ? I be not a cop . I be you cousin . int . billy car . night billy be wait . Sean come out of a squalid look house and get into a car . fast . billy put the car in gear . sean fuckin ' rican think they know everything . if they know shit they would not be Puerto rican . he have a paper bag full of money . he open a beer . sean ( cont 'd ) ( high as a kite ) double the money , double the fun . ( confusing he tv jingle ) cinnamon toasty apple bun ... R be for rican ... p be for pig ... they drive past a bpd cruiser . Sean hide he beer . sean ( cont 'd ) I can not stop drinkin . billy laugh . billy why would you even think of stop drink ? sean he do not like it . he do not like drinkin ... he do not like fightin ... ( Sean look sad ) ...he say stay out of the bar ... you know , we be not even suppose to do this on this side of fuckin' worcester . billy who say ? sean he say . costello say . God say , as far as you be concerned . 30 . int . a horrible bar in southie . night Sean , beyond waste , be talk to some people , include mister french . a table wet with spill beer . sean not a cop . he get out of the joint three week ago . Dead up . he talk like he shit do not stink but he 's good people . villain cunt cop . mister french I know he father . I like he uncle Jackie better . sean uncle Jackie be excellent . a irish villain Fucking guinea . they solemnly toast uncle Jackie and he fate among the fuck guinea . across the crowded room , billy be order at the bar . billy a cranberry juice . well -dress scumbag at bar it 's a natural diuretic . my girlfriend drink it when she get she period . ( to billy ) you get you period ? billy glance over at the table where mister french sit with sean , and then smashes he glass into the face of the well dressed scumbag . he stand wait for the scumbag to get up he be grab and shove against the wall by mister french . popped into a pay phone hard . the pay phone come off the hook . billy get you hand off I . mister french do you know I ? ( continued ) 31 . continued : billy no. billy shake he head no . mister french I be the guy who tell you there be guy you hit and there be guy you do not . that 's not quite a guy you can not hit , but it 's almost a guy you can not hit , so I be fuck ruling on it right now that you do not hit he , understand ? billy yeah . excellent . Fine . mister french I know you . I know you family . also I know you do another drug deal with you idiot fuck cop - magnet cousin I will forget you grandmother be very nice to I and cut you fuck nut off . you understand that ? billy yeah . mister french now you know I . billy yeah . a beat : they stare at each other . mister french what be you drink ? billy cranberry juice . a beat . mister french what be it , you period ? billy laugh . mister french ( cont 'd ) get he a cranberry juice . ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 2 ) the well -dress scumbag be bleed , incredulous . mister french take he by the shoulder . mister french ( cont 'd ) ( sotto voce to well - dressed scumbag ) that 's Jackie 's nephew . well -dress scumbag oh ... mister french oh , what ? french demolish he with body blow . french get the fuck out of here . ext . a housing project in southie . day colin and barrigan ( who Colin have move to plain clothes ) stand at the door , talk , or try to talk , with a fearful mrs kennefick . mrs kennefick look like she start drink whiskey at 9 in the morning . colin Mrs. kennefick , myle and I be in school together . myle be behind I in school but I know he . I will get that responsible . do not you want to see we catch whoever use he to do a robbery and then kill he ? mrs kennefick allegedly . colin ( grimace ) " allegedly " . mrs kennefick if he be kill he probably do something wrong . colin you do not mean robbery do you , Mrs kennefick ? that 's not what you think he do wrong . mrs . kennefick notice costello drive by . 33. int . costello' car . day . costello and gwen be in the car . gwen be dress like Jackie o . costello Wave to you girlfriend . ext . a housing project in southie . day . mrs kennefick I mean fuck yourself . she slam the door . as colin walk away from the door he notice the tail : a maroon sedan and a damage white delivery van . colin you get that ? barrigan " allegedly " or " fuck yourself ? " colin welcome to the neighborhood . ext . a intersection . moment later french pull up to a light . [ costello blow a red light and leave the tail ( include the surveillance Van which we will see again ) behind he in a snarl of traffic . ] costello cut them here . french step on it and blow through the light , leave the follow car behind . costello ( cont 'd ) bye , bye . int . the elevator at police headquarters . day colin board with a bunch of other cop and worker . on board , directly beside he , be madolyn . colin 's age , beautiful , wear a business suit . she have a thick stack of medical - look file . she 's a psychiatrist on contract to the commonwealth of Massachusetts . she do probation counsell work with " violent offender " and also see policeman . ( continued ) 34 . continued : colin make a house call ? madolyn have I see you professionally ? colin no , no . I know what you do . I know who you be . madolyn nod , and then because this be a ( relatively ) sensitive subject ignore colin , but she be visibly attract by he . colin ( cont 'd ) when guy have to " use they " service revolver " in the " course of duty " they get to talk to you about they " feeling " and whatnot . madolyn laugh . colin ( cont 'd ) no . oh , I know how it go . you be a mental health professional . madolyn ( laugh ) I have a appointment on this floor . the door open . colin that 's good . they be all fuckin ' crazy on that floor . ( point up ) I be one floor up . madolyn oh , fancy policeman . colin that 's right . Fancy . madolyn be you a statie ? after she step out he prevent the door from close . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) colin yeah , I be also get my law degree . madolyn Suffolk , night ? colin they do not run Harvard Law at night , last time I check . madolyn when be the last time you check ? colin before I go to fuck Suffolk . madolyn I go to U mass . I be not insulting you . colin well I think you be , and for that you have to take I to dinner . madolyn maybe you could shoot someone and I would have to see you professionally . colin whatever it take . I will stab someone in the heart with a icepick right now if it get I dinner with you . madolyn hand he a card . colin ( cont 'd ) I do not need a card , I be a detective . she hesitates . he take the card . colin ( cont 'd ) I be only joke . Nice to meet you ... " madolyn " . the door close . the elevator take he up . he take out he cellphone as if he 's forget something . as the door open , the signal bar light up , and the phone ring . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 3 ) colin ( cont 'd ) ( walk , voice low ) I do not know about you tail until I see it myself . I could not call , I have the other guy with I . Blue sedan and a white delivery van , fuck up with graffiti on the side . the van be audio surveillance . ok , have a nice day . int . a coffee shop in southie . morning the same shop in which young costello talk to young colin , all that year ago . two italian be in the shop , talk hard to the pakistani proprietor ( singh ) . this be hard guy but they be not be threaten , just persistent : the guy doe owe they money . billy be finish he breakfast . watch . he go over . the two guineas be amaze . [ dialog on separate document ] . billy be finish he breakfast . watch . he go over .... billy you guy from Providence ? the guineas look at he . the young one move to intervene . billy smile and destroy they both . maniacal violence . the biggest beatdown in gangster movie history -- and obviously that 's say something . in the course of the beat- down billy break he leave hand - - a " boxer 's fracture " . billy stand over he victim , breathe hard , hold he break hand . proprietor what have you do to my place ! get out of here . billy go . int . emergency room . night billy , unlit cigarette in he mouth , be have he hand wrap in plaster by a lady doctor . in another life he might have date she . not in this one . int . french restaurant . night a romantic restaurant . the best Boston have ( which be not say much , but whatever ) . colin , look great , a man on the rise . madolyn in pearl , also look great . but maybe the conversation have lapse and the date go south . ( continued ) 37 . continued : colin you also do probation work , right ? madolyn that 's right . I see " violent offender " . colin bad guy . madolyn that 's one way to look at it . not necessarily . colin wonder if she 's break he ball . a dessert arrive : some tower japanesey concoction with a fan of sugar candy spine , sit in a pool of sauce . colin look at it , fork poise . madolyn look at it . he look up at she . colin that have this and they do not have duck l'orange . madolyn smile : she like he . even with the dinner- long bitterness over the duck l'orange . madolyn be you dinner ok ? colin ( hold balloon of inappropriate wine ) oh , the lobster be excellent . I just think , french restaurant ... the look at the dessert . madolyn I be wait for you to make you move . colin I do not know what you be gonna do , but if it move I be go to arrest it ( shoot it ) . madolyn laugh . colin see he shot : he 's get she laugh . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) colin ( cont 'd ) what 's it like have people " find themselves ? " all day long people " find themselves . " do it get messy with all that feeling fly around the room ? madolyn why , do that make you uncomfortable ? Colin stare at she . Water glass nearly go over . madolyn ( cont 'd ) you know what Freud say about the irish ? colin yes I do . madolyn if you actually do I will see you again . colin who say I want to see you again ? madolyn ( concerned , perhaps unexpectedly ) do not you ? colin yes , course I do . ( a beat ) what Freud say about the irish be we be the only people impervious to psychoanalysis . madolyn be impressed . colin ( cont 'd ) tough luck for you with a client list of Mick cop , be not it . " open up " ? good luck to you . colin laugh but look nervous about the concept of " open up " . colin ( cont 'd ) why do you do it ? ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 3 ) madolyn some people do get better . colin take it seriously ; admire it . colin Fair enough . madolyn sometimes , though , I want people to forget about they personal bullshit and do they job . unsaid : like I do . colin include the criminal ? madolyn if they do not do they job you do not have one . colin I ? I would just arrest innocent people . I will arrest you right now . madolyn you be trouble . colin you do not know the half of it . int . a horrible bar in southie . night a slow night . billy be at the bar bent over a glass of cranberry juice . the woman available be two crone . [ dialog on separate document ] . Stark contrast to colin' evening . a bookmaker on the phone . billy , by the glance of people look at he , have make he bone . he 's treat with respect . his hand and wrist in a cast . out of nowhere ( though billy be aware conversation have stop he do not look around ) ... costello sit down beside he at the bar . billy observe : mister french sit down at a far table . watch . cover the room . costello be bring a glass of water by the silent bartender . no sound whatsoever in the bar . ( continued ) 40 . continued : they say nothing , look at each other . billy notice delahunt and fitzy , enter . they stand by mister french . billy sit motionless . costello do you know who I be ? billy do : but shake he head . billy no. costello you meet my friend , mister french the other night . billy be he real name mister french ? costello no. ( a beat ) come with I . ( as billy hesitates ) I be not the cop . I be not askin ' you . billy stand up . mister french stand up . billy , costello , and mister french move towards the back room . as they walk to the back room of the bar , we hear costello : costello ( cont 'd ) you know something , they just do not stop have the mafia in Providence , and this can cause problem for I . int . back room of the bar . continuous . costello that guy you tune up be connect down Providence . what they be go to do be come back up with some guy and kill you . which , sure as you be bear , they will do unless I stop they . do you want I to stop they ? billy be it something I can not do personally ? ( continued ) 41 . continued : costello appreciate the ball of this . he look at mister french . then back at billy , smile . costello I be go to have my associate search you . billy tense . exactly as he might if he be wear a wire . billy search I ? search I for what ? mister french and costello look at each other . mister french C be here . costello contra-fuck -band . take you fuckin ' shoe off . mister french shoe off . billy slip out of they . mister french inspect the shoe . costello be cold eye be on billy . mister french search billy . look into he wallet . the wallet be emptied onto a table . costello I know you father . billy yeah . he 's dead . costello I be sorry . how do he go ? billy he do not complain . costello that be he problem . billy who say he have a fuckin ' problem . costello I just say he have a fuckin ' problem . there 's a man could have be anything . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) billy be you say he be nothing ? costello I be say he work at the airport . costello turn to mister french . mister french he 's clean . costello the arm . with amazing violence mister french smashes the cast on the corner of a table . billy drop to he knee in tear of pain . mister french sort through the piece of the cast . ad lib : " such a fuckin ' pussy . " costello ( cont 'd ) ( hold billy by the collar ) it make I curious to see you in this neighborhood . regressing . and , if I can slander my own formative environment , it make I sad , this regress . plus , I do not know if it 's beyond some cop prick like fuck queenan to pull you out of the staties , and send you after I . I just can not know . I do not know what they do in ... that department , anyway . he grab billy 's break right hand . costello ( cont 'd ) be you still a cop ? billy no. costello twist billy 's break hand . costello you swear on you mother 's grave that you be not a cop . billy I be not a cop . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 3 ) costello you stop do coke deal with you jerk - off cousin ? billy yes ! costello let go of billy 's hand . billy be weep on the floor . costello straighten he suit . costello take it easy . get you hand take care of . I be sorry . it be necessary . as for we problem with Providence ... let 's not cry over spill guinea . int . the MAIN part of the bar . moment later costello , the visit king , point at a group of drinker , include a blond woman ( 1st ) , gwen . costello what 's this ira motherfucker do in my bar ? the ira motherfucker be terrify . costello ( cont 'd ) ( slapping he on the back ) only kid . how 's you mother ? jimmy ah , she 's on she way out . costello we all be . ( straighten suit and tie ) Act accordingly . costello exit . int . costello' apartment . night mister french be methodically shelling and eat peanut . costello do you trust he ? mister french this day , who 's reliable ? ( continued ) 44 . continued : costello his uncle Jackie be . mister french the costigan be talented in general . costello you do not trust a guy behave like he 's get nothin ' to lose . mister french I be reliable . and he be . costello well , you be one in a million . mister french ten million . costello what about you wife ? mister french I think she be . costello she be not . silent flash of mister french strangling he wife with a wire in a 70' bathroom . mister french she get reliable . gwen look up : gwen do not you people ever shut the fuck up ? costello " another county hear from . " mister french one too many . 45 . ext . lynn marshland . dawn seagull squabble over unusual food . power plant in the distance , the mta - train go by . two body lie in a tidal ditch in the salt -marsh . they be the italian who billy fight in the restaurant . hand tape together behind they back . two in the head each . colin be with the lynn police and the State Police forensics people . colin get down and lift a soaking lapel . revealed be the tag of a men' shop in Providence . colin the principle of detection tell I that this man come from Providence . lynn detective I would appreciate it if you get out of my crime scene . colin this be my crime scene , but knock yourself out . colin get up . he walk back across the marsh . open he cell phone . colin ( cont 'd ) ( walk ) I see a dead guy . I think I have post traumatic stress . you available for lunch ? see you then . at a pay phone he dial another number . int . costello' condominium on the harbor . morning one of costello 's home . costello who 's the lead detective ?... good , he 's a moron . billy can not hear what costello be say . he have a aluminum brace tape on he wrist and hand . costello ( cont 'd ) I want you to get the cop to look at Jimmy pappas for the hit . of course he have nothing to do with it and will say so . you look in ( more ) ( continued ) 46 . continued : costello ( cont 'd ) he car ... and find ... the gun that do it . colin in the trunk or the glove box ?... all right . ext . lynn marshland . continuous colin deadpan , appreciative , hang up the phone . barrigan walk in the middle distance , give the man he privacy . colin wanna see some dead guy ? int . costello' condominium on the harbor . morning costello sit down in the breakfast area in he bathrobe . he have a bowl of cornflake . costello have a seat , billy . billy thank you . costello ( he look up ) you know John Lennon ? billy sit . mister french be nearby . billy yeah , he be president before lincoln . costello ( smile ) Lennon say ` I be a artist . you give I a fuckin ' tuba and I will get you something out of it ' . billy I would like to squeeze some fuckin ' money out of it . costello and mister french look at each other . costello smart mouth . too bad . costello lift a piece of plastic on the table revealing a severe human hand . billy try to conceal he shock . 47 . int . surveillance office . continuous queenan and staff sgt . dignam be listen to the live broadcast . queenan be benign . light of equipment in he specs . int . a condominium on the harbor . continuous . costello take the ring off the finger of the severe hand . partial exchange with mister french . billy watch . costello the point with John Lennon be a man can look at anything and make something out of it . for instance , I look at you and I think what can I use you for ? costello ( cont 'd ) ( give the hand to mister french ) get rid of this . ( back to billy ) maybe we can work something out . let I get dress . he get up . int . costello' bathroom . day billy run the water in the sink . he start to leave the bathroom and then impulsively take off he wire and chuck it out the window as far as he can . ext . the build . day the wire fall into the water . int . surveillance office . continuous . queenan react mildly to the loss of the signal . he remove he headphone . dignam that be quick . he dead already ? ext . " acropolis restaurant " . day a greek guy ( jimmy pappas ) in chef 's white be cuffed and stuff by tactical officer . he have no idea what be go on . colin and barrigan follow . ( continued ) 48 . continued : colin this will get Captain ellerby on the six o'clock news . barrigan no wonder you get ahead . ext . a STREET by the harbor . day billy walk and talk on the phone . billy I will not do it if I have to wear a wire . no wire . ever , ever , you understand I ? you do not know what this be like . ( listen ) Micro what ? int . surveillance office - continuous queenan on the phone . queenan microprocessors . we will probably be at war with the chinese in twenty - odd year and costello be sell they military technology . microprocessors , chip , computer part . anybody say anything about anything like that , you let we know . ext . police build . day . television image . ellerby be before a thicket of microphone . reporter do you have a tip from a informant ? ellerby no , it be tireless police activity that ah effect ah the arrest of the ah alleged perpetrator . int . colin' office # 1 . day colin be roll a quarter across the back of he finger . brown ( last see as billy 's friend ) and barrigan , new plainclothes recruit to Colin 's special squad , sit across from he . ( continued ) 49 . continued : colin I have be put in charge of this unit . it be a small surveillance sub-unit but it be mine . and I do not take this job in order to fuck it up , or to let anyone else fuck it up , whosoever they may be . I hand pick this group . you be my a-team so I want you to conduct yourselves accordingly . through glass we see ellerby , preen . ellerby give the thumb up . colin ( cont 'd ) hi , Captain . and we primary target be obviously Frank costello . but we do not communicate with anyone else in this shop . queenan be compartmentalize everything in siu . it 's the right thing to do , personally I do not trust this fuck trooper either . we think we might have a problem . we think costello 's get a rat in the State Police . brown really ? colin yeah . really . brown do we have direct access to queenan 's undercover ? colin ( not happy about this ) no. ah ... not presently . not presently . but I be hope to get thing ... reorganize . that 's it . congratulation . do not disappoint I . brown and barrigan leave . Colin leave as well . barrigan ( to Brown ) I know why I be here . I make he feel guilty . why be you here ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) brown Intelligence and aptitude . barrigan that 's new . colin open he cell phone . colin hello dad . I have a new job . ( alt : I get a promotion . ) int . a bookie shop . day mister french backhand a guy into a table of betting slip . mister french where 's you fuck license ? I do not see no fuck license . bookie what license . billy , who be not wear a cast anymore , watch . mister french there 's no such thing as a license , of course , but you definitely have to have one . ( grab the bookie by the ear ) if you be not be run by we you will be run by someone else , which mean you will have let undesirable element into Mr. costello 's area . a hard guy sit reach inside he coat . billy in a flash break he jaw with a pistol barrel and then cover the sprawle hard guy with the gun . hard guy ( spitting tooth ) I be go for my fuck cigarettes ... he be . they fall from he finger . mister french hey , that 's Jimmy bag . what the fuck you doin ' ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : billy what the fuck . I do not know .... bookie there 's no profit if I pay he two grand a week . I be in the hole if I pay he two grand a week . mister french then make more money or go out of business . this be America . if you do not make money you be a fuck douchebag . what be you go to do ? bookie make more money . mister french that 's the spirit . ext . the STREET outside the bookie shop . later billy and mister french emerge . mister french very interesting . billy yeah , well . fuck . mister french do not worry about it . guy do not need need he tooth anyway . maybe if he be a eskimo . but in this country we eat a variety of item . they get into costello' car . billy in the front seat . mister french in the back . mister french ( cont 'd ) he knock Jimmy bag tooth out . costello do a Edgar Kennedy . costello so ? billy he be ... ( continued ) 52 . continued : mister french reaching for he cigarettes . billy okay ! you gonna give I shit , it be not no reason ---- he put he hand in he coat ! I do not know if he 's a bookie or what the fuck he 's do ... costello ( interrupt ) well , you know what the fuck a bookie do ? billy ( to costello ) pay you . costello bingo . anyway , I like a guy who go around knock guy tooth out for no reason . he take out a cell phone and hand it to billy . costello ( cont 'd ) here . from now on call the bar and ask for mikey . just mikey . you ask for mikey because there 's no mikey . wait . we will call . mister french forty -eight hour from the time this phone first ring , you take the fuck chip out - like so - and you fuck destroy it . after three day a phone be not clean . if you use a phone which be not clean , you will have a accident . you never call we . we call you . you get that ? billy I get it . mister french I can not fuckin ' hear you . billy I get it . 53. int . a harbor restaurant . boston . day a lobster - bib kind of place . daytime drinker , mick in bad boat shoe , hyper-aware of ... costello and billy in a back table . costello , have finish he lunch , be draw . billy be unused to be the subject of so many stare . he have sort of a coke - out nervousness , dirty hair . billy do not look . there 's a white van across the parking lot ? we see it through the smear glass : the white van we always see . this time with a different magnetic business sign . costello ( lift and look at he sketch ) they do not have directional microphone . billy what , do you get x- ray vision ? costello ( not take he eye off he sketch ) they do not have directional microphone . billy register what seem to be inside information . costello look over he half - glass at billy 's untouched food . costello be size billy up : have be think about he . costello ( cont 'd ) people look at you make you self - conscious ? billy shrug . indicating : yeah , well , who the fuck would not be . billy I do not know . costello why ? they be minuse . they can not tell the difference between a rock star and a career criminal . billy anyone not a criminal be a minus ? ( continued ) 54 . continued : costello what be you soft ? that 's not what I say . eat something , Jesus Christ , we get a nice day by the water . Sun 's shine , gull be up ... Nice smell of ozone ... two priest and a nun be sit two table over . a older priest and a young one . costello notice . the nun get up and leave . costello ( cont 'd ) you know if you father be alive and see you , sit here with I , let 's say he would have a word with I about this , in fact , he would kill seven guy just to cut my throat . and he could do it , which be something you may not know about William costigan , sr . billy he never , ah , I mean never ? costello he keep he own counsel . he never want money . you can not do a thing with a man like that . you uncle Jackie need a lot of money . but even though he get he money from I , he also would kill my entire fuck family if he see I here with you . and I think about this . billy so what be talk about here ? costello fact be you be not a guy fresh from the zoo who want to run a spring water distributor and I do not see you up the dog track as a general manager . billy look at it this way . it 's like a tuba . I want to see if I can get something out of it . costello smile at this , then look at he sketch . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 2 ) costello you ever think of go back to school ? billy with all due respect , Mr. costello , school 's out . costello well that 's you problem . maybe someday you will wake the fuck up . he get up and leave the table , leave billy sit there . costello stop to speak to the priest . costello ( cont 'd ) good day , father . priest ( terrify and simultaneously ) good morning [ day ] , Francis , good morning . the older priest be very nervous , look around . the younger priest concerned for he elder but personally not implicate . costello lean over the older priest , a pathetic man . costello you recall we chat ? ( the older priest nod , terrify ) " I be as God make I " , be that what you say ? May I remind you , God do not run the bingo in this archdiocese . young priest May I remind you , Mr. costello , that pride come before the fall . costello what come before the fall be the summertime . costello notice that the nun be head back to the table . costello ( cont 'd ) how be sister Mary theresa do ? we have a tasty relationship before she take she vow . enjoy you clam , cocksucker . 56 . int . basement - night fitzy beat up a guy with a pipe . billy watch from the background . ext . waterfront - night fitzy and the costello gang blow up a car as billy watch . laugh , they hop in they vehicle and drive off . int . ellerby's office . morning office decorate with golf implement . ellerby have a hangover . sunglass . eat baby aspirin by the small fistful . colin I be not make enough progress with costello ? ellerby " progress " be hard to define . I make progress every day . in fact , I be make progress now . there be guy in this department make excellent progress for twenty year without ever get anything you could definitively call a result . it 's like any american industry . nobody mind if you do not succeed as long as you do not fuck up . he have a bowl of ice water on he desk . ellerby ( cont 'd ) objective get lose sight of : fair enough . who do the two guy from Providence ? colin Jimmy pappas . ellerby and what happen to Jimmy pappas ? colin he have a heart attack in jail and get knife in he bed at Boston City Hospital . I believe it 's be in the papers . ellerby stare at colin . ( continued ) 57 . continued : ellerby be you happy with this result ? colin it 's a result . ellerby yeah , but cui bono ? who benefit . colin cui give a shit . it 's get a bow on it . ellerby ( with true appreciation ) I think you be a cop , my son . he drop he face into the bowl of ice water . int . billy mother' apartment . morning a stripped hospital bed stand in a fall of light . this be the apartment where he mother become ill . billy have pack half of he mother 's thing into box -- and then stop . billy do not use the bedroom . he sleep on the couch among box of picture , papers , teacup wrap in newspaper . billy be sit on the couch . he reach into a box and lay out photograph like card . scene from he life . his former life . his family life , he life as a child , he romantic life . he sit and stare at the picture . he rearrange the photograph in different way . note : this be a memory billy have as he be looking at photograph on he mother' apartment . french and billy break in , surprising the man ( brian ) , seat at he dining room table . he throw a child 's toy at they . french duck out of the way and the toy hit billy in the cheek . french draw he pistol and approach the table . brian rise and start to flee . cut off , he retreat the other way . brian no , please ... french Brian , stop it , I be not gonna hurt you . ( continued ) 58 . continued : he fire , use a soda bottle as a silencer . brian drop to the floor . french approach he assess he victim . he turn to leave , pass billy . he give he a slap . french ( cont 'd ) wake the fuck up . they leave . ext . a beach near a powerplant . day billy lean against the wall of a concession stand . his knuckle be cut . a cut over he eye . he be agitate . smoke . a car pull up and queenan and dignam get out of it . in appearance , if anybody 's watch , they be brace billy . queenan hey . let 's go through the routine . dignam you think you can pop someone . there 's no special card to play . the guy whose jaw you break be Boston Police Department . billy I be go fuckin ' nut . I can not be someone else every day . dignam most of the people in the world do it every day . what 's the big deal ? dignam be drink coffee . billy I be not they . dignam you be nobody . you sign the paper . we be the only people in the world who know that you be a cop . maybe we will just erase you file . this be billy 's deep fear . ( continued ) 59 . continued : dignam ( cont 'd ) and zip , you be a soldier for costello , open to arrest for how many felony ? maybe we will do that . billy maybe I will fuck kill you . he get free of dignam and punch he . queenan easy now . that be a joke , billy . dignam just because you play a fuck tough guy do not mean you be one , you lace curtain fuck pussy . the fight . queenan grab billy and hold he against the wall . queenan ( gently , like a man calming a wild animal ) be smart . if someone be watch how be we suppose to not arrest you ? billy look desperately inland . revere beach condominium building . a thousand empty terrace , five thousand empty window . billy be desperate . queenan ( cont 'd ) get in the car . they do . queenan ( cont 'd ) keep you act together . it 's just a little while longer . billy nod , out of it . dignam be look at blood on he hand in disbelief . billy when be you go to take costello ? what 's wrong with take them on any one of the million felony you have see he do . get he for pissing in the street . ( more ) ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) billy ( cont 'd ) what , be you wait for he to chop I up and feed I to the poor ? dignam well . that would stick ... queenan you shut up . we be building a case . it take time . you know that . billy there 's something wrong . queenan maybe . maybe . dignam keep you ear open . no bullshit . queenan I want you to listen for any chatter about a spy in the special investigation unit . ( billy look at he ) you hear anything like that ? billy shake he head . billy be you serious ? queenan I be afraid so . billy Jesus H. Christ . queenan hang tight for I . just a little longer . we be this close . billy nod reluctantly . billy okay . queenan thank you , billy 61 . int . observation office . day colin walk into the office . brown and other team member be watch a close - circuit monitor . the monitor show fitzy sit in a interrogation room . colin be spook . colin ( to Brown ) what have you get ? brown uniform clipped he on the Pike for a suspend licence . however , as he 's the subject of a open investigation ---- colin at least one . he 's one of costello 's crew . brown ---- we be entitle to get a warrant . we can not get a address off he . he page he lawyer but the lawyer have not call back yet . colin who 's the lawyer ? brown he do not know the name . he just have the number on a card . beeper number . colin do he beep he ? brown twice . colin all right . colin glance around and see : a briefcase lie on a desk . he pick it up . he take off he id badge and toss it on a desk . colin ( cont 'd ) give I you phone . ( to barrigan ) turn the camera off . turn it off . ( continued ) 62 . continued : he take Brown 's cellphone out of Brown 's pocket go into the interrogation room . brown what ? colin give my you phone and turn the fuck camera off . who 's be this ? I be gonna take this . he pick up a briefcase . barrigan touch two button and switch off the sound recorder and video feed . colin go into the interrogation room . brown he can not do that , can he ? barrigan he just do . int . interrogation room . continuous fitzy look up at colin hopefully . colin say nothing . he sit down , open he case , take out a yellow pad . colin Mr. fitzgibbon , afternoon . fitzy you my attorney ? colin what do you think ? do you make any statement or phone call I need to be aware of ? fitzy I beep you . the card they give I ... that 's it . colin that 's it ? do not you have to call you mother and tell she you be not gonna be home for supper ? on fitzy . he look up at the cctv camera . ( continued ) 63 . continued : colin ( cont 'd ) the camera be off . ( gently put phone on the table ) call you mother . fitzy hesitates . colin ( cont 'd ) lookit . they be in there suite up for a raid . I do not know where they be go , but they do . and so do you . call you mum . colin put a cellphone on the table . fitzy take up the phone and punch in a number . it be answer . fitzy mum , I be not gonna make it for supper . I get hold up . yeah , talk to you later . int . a house where drug be be handle . continuous billy look up at mister french , who be on the phone . other man be freeze , hold bag of ex . int . interrogation room . continuous . fitzy close the cellphone . he put it into colin be hand . int . a house where drug be be handle . continuous mister french everybody out . move . the drug be sweep up instantly , in sheet laid over the table . mister french light a cigarette with he zippo , and then reach out and light the curtain on fire as billy watch . int . interrogation room . continuous . colin take the cellphone and put it in he pocket . fitzy who be you ? when do I get out of here ? ( continued ) 64 . continued : colin I think you need another attorney , after all , Mr. fitzgibbon . have a nice day . int . observation office .continuous colin come out and hand brown the cellphone . colin run the last number call . that will be he house . whatever the location be I will swear I surveille he at it . abracafuckindabra . brown why would you use my phone ? colin because you do not go in there . int . colin' apartment - day colin , hang -over , sit at the breakfast table . madolyn look at he . madolyn the light 's nice here in the morning . colin do not respond . madolyn ( cont 'd ) it 's all right . guy tend to make a big deal out of it . it 's actually quite common . colin I gotta go to work . colin simply get up and walk away . int . madolyn' office . day a clock tick . madolyn be look across at ... billy . madolyn be very much a guard shrink . but no one 's more guard than billy . billy it 's like confession . be not it . this sort of thing . ( continued ) 65 . continued : a beat . billy ( cont 'd ) people make thing up in confession . you know that ? madolyn I know they do . billy people be liar . they want to be star of they little film . madolyn that 's a interesting observation . billy do you lie ? madolyn why do you ? billy I be ask if you lie . madolyn honesty be not synonymous with truth . billy you lie . so , be it to do some good , to get somewhere personally , or just for the fuck of it ? madolyn I expect sometimes ... people ... do it to keep thing ... on a even keel . billy so , you have a parent who be a drunk ? madolyn look up at he , transpierce . tables turn on the psychiatrist . billy smile at she . madolyn ( flustered ) do you ? billy ( simply ) no. ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) madolyn let 's keep this with you . billy ( abruptly ) there be a cop leave when I come in . madolyn how do you know he be a cop ? billy bad haircut , no dress sense and a slight air of scumbag entitlement . you see cop ? madolyn that 's part of what I do . although , I do not normally see cadet who be kick out of the Academy . billy you should get a better job ... billy ( cont 'd ) do they all come in and cry ... you cop ? madolyn sometimes they cry if they have trouble at home or if they have have to ... use they weapon . billy let I tell you something . they sign up to use they fuckin ' weapon . most of they . but they watch enough tv so they know they have to " weep " after they use they weapon . no one 's more full of shit than a cop . except a cop on tv . madolyn I look through you file and I see you have a record of assault . what be it like for you in jail ? billy you want to hear about the shower ? madolyn do something happen to you ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 3 ) billy no. ( a beat ) you sit there with a mass murderer , you heart - rate jack , you hand ... steady . that 's one thing I find out about myself in prison . my hand do not shake , ever . madolyn what do you expect from come here ? billy I have to come here . madolyn I know it 's not elective ... on you part ... but , now that you be here , what do you want ? billy you want the truth ? ( a beat ) valium . madolyn if you lie , you would have a easier time get what you want . billy what 's that say about what you do for a live ? madolyn be take aback . she close she file . madolyn look , I think we better have a few more meeting before we can even talk about prescription . she close he file and put it in the rack behind she . billy I be have panic attack . you do not even ask about that . last night I think I be have a fuck heart attack . I puke in a trash barrel on the way in here , I have not sleep for week . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 4 ) madolyn be this true ? billy yes . I say something true . I want some fuck pill and you close my file ? I think I be suppose to tell the truth here . madolyn yes , you be . billy if only fuckin ' here . she retrieve he folder . billy ( cont 'd ) ( give into stress ) guy come in in pain , against every instinct of ... privacy , of , of , self reliance ... that he have , and you do not help he ? you send he off to score smack on the fuck street ?! ( be that what you do , Mrs. fuckin ' Doctor ? ) madolyn stare at he , then lower she eye , take out a small packet of two pill . she hand it over to he . billy look at it . billy ( cont 'd ) two pill . she nod . billy reach out and deliberately place the pill on the desk . billy ( cont 'd ) why do not you just give I a bottle of scotch and a handgun to blow my fuck head off . be we do here with this psychiatry bullshit ? madolyn be take aback , guilty , astonished . madolyn you can leave ! billy what if that be a legitimate threat ? ( hot shot ) . ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 5 ) billy leave . madolyn stare after he . madolyn fuck ... ext . plaza outside the office build . day very windy . paper blow . billy be walk . madolyn catch up to he . madolyn why be the hardest patient of the day always the last one ? billy because you be bored and tired and do not give a shit . it 's not supernatural . madolyn look , I be not just ... somebody you have to see or they put you in jail . if you be in distress I will help you . madolyn hold out a paper and a business card . billy what 's this ? madolyn my card . and a prescription for twenty lorazepam . billy stand hold the prescription . billy be it enough to kill myself ? madolyn ( she fix he with a stare ) maybe it be . all right ? have I do my job up to you goddamn standard ? because by my standard you fit the model of drug-seek behavior , and fuck you if you do not like my initial clinical reaction . billy ( be : prescription ) thank you . ( continued ) 70 . continued : madolyn I be transfer you to another counselor . she start to go back inside . billy you wanna get a cup of coffee ? int . command CENTER ( upstair ) . night . a week later it 's a otherwise disus floor of a new luxury office building . cable and monitor and computer everywhere . it 's crawl with State cop as well as FBI ( lazio be present , very nattily dress ) . colin come in with brown and barrigan . this operation be all new to Colin . ellerby all right , let 's bring it in , please . come in please . ( address room ) we target be a major transaction of microprocessor . yes , that . I do not know what they be . you do not know what they be . who give a fuck ? Cash will be hand over in a building which we have under AV surveillance . staff sergeant Sullivan 's team ... ( he nod at colin ) will id the bad guy and listen in on the phone . colin ( to he guy ) do you guy know anything about this ? no . ellerby ( to lazio ) how long have we be tapped on this building ? ellerby ( cont 'd ) we unit will not take action until a man Captain queenan have inside the operation have verify the transaction . question ? anyone ? this be who we be after . ( tap picture of costello ) ( more ) ( continued ) 71 . continued : ellerby ( cont 'd ) we have be after this cocksucker for a long time , and tonight we be gonna get he . get to work . on colin as he reflexively touch he cell phone and think about the best way out of this . ellerby ( cont 'd ) we have be after this son of a bitch for a long time , and we be get he tonight . get to work . colin ( to team ) go find out what we be do and get on it . colin wander off in the mill of officer . he be take out he cell phone when ellerby come up to he . ellerby sorry to get you at the last minute . but thing leak . this lead come from queenan 's undercover guy . ellerby walk on to a coffee station , a yard away . colin ( into cell ) dad ? costello ( o.s. ) ( on phone ) yes ? colin be completely normal on the phone . colin I be not go to make dinner . something big have come up . int . costello' aparment . continuous costello be on the phone . costello too bad . you mother work all goddamn day . we will just have to sit down without you and you friend . 72 . int . command CENTER . continuous colin turn away from the activity . colin oh , my friend be still come . colin see queenan stare at he . colin ( cont 'd ) we will just say lunch tomorrow . all right , bye . colin end the call . queenan be there . queenan the readiness be all . you know the player , call the game . colin thank you , Captain . he give he the clipboard , Colin go to the work area . later colin join he team ( brown and barrigan ) , who be seat in a U shape work - area . colin , still stunne by the fact of this operation center , swallow as he notice on video three angle of a building he seem to know very well . he sit down and put a headset on . a geek cop lean over and shake he hand . geek cop piece of cake . I will operate the camera . you id the guy and log they . colin nod . queenan come up . queenan all cellphone signal be under surveillance through the courtesy of we Federal friend over there ... colin look : see lazio and two other . ellerby ( as if on coke and he probably be ) Patriot act. Love it . Love it . ( continued ) 73 . continued : colin , use he leave hand , not look , open he cellphone , autodial , and then tap a instant message into it , push " send . " detail of IM : " no phone " onscreen , car pull up in front of the target build . colin all right . that 's costello right there . costello , mister french , fitzy , delahunt , billy costigan the new guy ... time be 10.46 . brown who be they meeting ? ellerby ( lean over screen ) I do not know . some chiname from point unknown . they be already inside . detail of colin' phone . colin hit " send " , send the message " no phone " . the screen then read " erasing send message " . ext . target build . night costello and the boy go into the building , move past two idling car . we see costello look casually at he phone . int . command CENTER . continuous watch image . costello' guy move through pillar and disappear . camera geek cop we have a blind spot . ellerby why do you have a blind spot ? camera geek cop we have two hour 's notice . two hour . what the fuck you think this be , NASA ? ellerby it never cross my mind . you get a camera in the back ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : tech cop in down vest what back ? ellerby blow he nose . he be on coke . colin send another text message : " blind spot inside door . " int . target build . continuous - revised 6/8-9/05 costello look at he IM screen and turn to he guy . costello turn off you cell phone . fitzy and some other mutter . costello ( cont 'd ) check you weapon ... fitzy have the chicken ... everyone turn off they phone , include billy ( but we know billy have two phone ) . billy look around at the pillare distance . he see : a group of three men wait and five other men spread out through the pillar . armed . int . command CENTER . continuous camera cop ( to no one , and maybe os ) maybe if we have some homeland security money like some other fuck douchebag I could mention ... both Brown and Colin have they headsets on . queenan any call ? phone tech cop they turn off they phone . colin look utterly innocent . ellerby search randomly for call make from the area . ( continued ) 75 . continued : phone tech cop eight hundred seven phone be live in this area . ellerby narrow the area . lazio what you see for coverage be what you get . dignam ( like queenan , a observer of ellerby 's operation ) why the fuck do they turn off they phone ? phone tech cop wait , there 's still one phone up . dignam where ? a single light on the screen . queenan look at a IM ( from billy ) on he phone . detail : " buyer here " . ( " $ " ) queenan the buyer be there . colin wonder how queenan know this . the single light wink out on the screen . ellerby look at queenan , impressed . ellerby you know , direct access to you fuck guy would have certain fuckin ' advantage . queenan ( mildly ) not to my guy . ellerby stare at he . dignam this be unbelievable . ( look at screen ) fuck it , who put the camera in the fuck place ? ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 2 ) camera tech cop who the fuck be you . dignam I be the guy who do he job . you must be the other guy . queenan hey , hey , hey ... int . a OPEN area in the ruined build . night costello' boy spread out . across the open , lumber - strewn area , chinese gang member be wait . a local chinese - american man act as the interpreter and fixer stand wait near a suitcase on the floor . with the chinese gangster be a more official look man in a bad suit - terrify . fitzy carry a case contain the processor . costello ( to translator ) how you go , Robert ? chinese translator top , Mr. costello . I want to tell you that at least two of this gent have machine gun . costello take it all in . the chinese gangster look like a malay pirate . costello 's gunman be perch above , automatic weapon train on the triad . billy sneak a message to queenan via text message , " $ " to indicate " buyer here . " chinese gangster ( in cantonese , not subtitle ) wait , wait . we almost depart ! this man be from the embassy . he will have to blow he brain out if he be capture . his entire family will be kill . chinese translator he 's a little upset . costello tell he light on the starch . ( continued ) 77 . continued : billy be watch carefully . [ as ( insert ) onscreen in the operation room the last light wink off ...] he remove he hand from he pocket , have just switch off he phone . chinese translator ( roughly translate ) he 's front the chinese government and he 's just scared shitless . costello government man . ( loudly , to chinese ) I be concerned about chiname who think it 's wise to bring automatic weapon to a business transaction . the chinese gangster interject -- chinese gangster ngup , ngup , ngup . ngaw um ming . Kay ngup mutt . [ yap , yap , yap . I do not understand . what be he say ? ] the chinese translator translate costello 's statement about " concern . " several of the triad , hearing a " automatic weapon , " stupidly raise they machine gun . they do not aim they . costello for he own good , tell Bruce Lee and the karate kid none of we be carry automatic weapon because here , in this country , it do not add inch to you dick . you get a life sentence for it . we ( but no one else ) hear a double click as mister french cock a pistol behind he back . chinese gangster ( in cantonese ) put away that machine gun . the machine gun be put away . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) costello if this chink want to nuke Taiwan any time in this century , you tell they they better shape up fast and show I one million dollar . the chinese translator translate . costello ( cont 'd ) what we generally do in this country be one guy show up with the item , and the other guy pay he . no tickee ... no laundry . costello gesture and a BOX of processors be put on the floor . open . the chinese gangster gesture and a case of money be put on the floor . open . fitzy look at it , nod . chinese gangster nay tiey ching chaw yut bok mon . [ make sure it 's real . it 's a million dollar . ]. alternate / also ( insult ) : ne dei yeeche ling ngnaw do maw gok nay chun . [ next time you make I wait , I be go to cut you dick off . costello in English , thank you , also . chinese gangster du not . [ fuck you . ] the deal be do . costello the expedition continue this way . to billy 's surprise both costello 's man and the chinese head out through the back industrial window onto a canal - side pier . int . command CENTER . continuous the car of the chinese guy be drive away , pass a van full of ... startle tactical cop . two tactical unit be hide outside . 79 . int . command CENTER . continuous ellerby be stare at the screen . ellerby do not tell I that car be empty . please do not tell I that chiname 's car be empty . ( to camera tech cop ) do you have a camera in the back . a image come up . nothing . ellerby ( cont 'd ) can I talk to you a minute ? as the camera technician get up , ellerby pounce on he . ext . behind the build . continuous tied to the pier there be two boat , a novi lobster boat and a boston whaler with a guy we have never see at the wheel ( random getaway hire ) . the triad member get into the novi , and chug away . fitzy carry the suitcase of money onto a boston whaler and it take off . costello turn to billy . costello see , no surveillance here . they do not figure we have a navy . always figure a exit for you business partner . what with everything all dig up , you can not trust a slant to find the mass Pike and , with or without staties out front , frankly I do not approve of oriental drive to begin with . billy what about we , Frank ? what be we gonna do ? costello we depart . we do not commit no illegality . billy be stunne . admire . mister french except sell the ching chong a bunch of fuckin ' plastic . ( continued ) 80 . continued : the chinese guy , stare back , chug away down the canal in the lobster boat . billy watch costello go , admiringly , and then follow he . ext . STREET near target build - night 103a a few block from the target building , a Police tactical unit stop the depart triad car with a roadblock . as officer approach the car they realize they be empty except for hire caucasian driver . a officer report this to the command center . int . colin' apartment . day Colin be asleep on the couch , in a bachelor disaster of chinese food box . something on tv : " audition . " a key in the door : he wake as madolyn come in carry a bag of coffee and a BOX of effect . madolyn good Morning . madolyn smile at he , also shy . colin good morning . madolyn I beat the mover . colin how be the last night in the , ah , old establishment ? madolyn ( put the box on the kitchen counter ) Lonely . colin I be glad to hear that . it suck here , too . they kiss . madolyn take in the apartment . madolyn I be gonna thank you uncle alphonsus for the square footage . colin uncle alphonsus be in heaven . so be i. ( continued ) 81 . continued : madolyn unpack food . coffee. croissant . madolyn french donut ? colin ( be : box of stuff ) yeah . hey , can I ... madolyn sure yeah . he sort through the box . it 's all madoly n's key stuff - a mug , a few critical book ... frame family picture , breakable ... and come up with : a photograph of a young madolyn stand in front of a North East rust belt slum . colin well , we be not have this out . madolyn what ? madolyn be not prepare to be at cross-purposes . but she be take aback . she put the photo quietly away . contaminate . colin you do not see any picture of where I come from . look , I respect who you be , but not in the live room . we might have company . madolyn company ? she laugh . colin look at a diploma . veritas . colin why work for the state ? madolyn why not ? you do . colin not forever , and you do not have to . you have get degree ... you be a hot shit ... I mean , what you do , why make as much as a guidance counselor ? ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) madolyn ( deadpan , over she coffee cup ) I believe in public service . colin stare at she . colin now you be just be ridiculous . madolyn ( kissing he , and intently : ) you like I live here ? colin ( hand down she short ) yes I do . the phone ( landline with mobile handset ) ring . colin ( cont 'd ) answer it . you live here . madolyn , not 100 % confuse by he seize on the interruption , get the phone . madolyn Mayor Sullivan 's Office . after a moment she hold the receiver out to colin . madolyn ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I be sorry ! colin who be it ? madolyn I think it 's a guy with a , ah , ( she touch she throat , and whisper ) a cancer guy . colin reach in he pocket and look at he cellphone : dead . a bad mistake in he situation . he cram the phone into a table charge beside the landline and take the handset . colin hello ? ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 3 ) colin exit the kitchen . colin ( cont 'd ) ( to madolyn ) something for work . madolyn look after he . she do not start eat again , she watch Colin . she be see stare at he through the follow scene . costello ( v.o. ) what the fuck be it with you phone ? ext . the chelsea yacht club . continuous costello , with he collar turn up , be walk along the float . wearing a headset . intercut terrace of colin' apartment / chelsea yacht club . continuous colin hunch , close the glass door , and glance in at madolyn . colin nothin ' , nothin ' . it do not have any power , that 's all . it just happen once . costello be that that shrink cunt answer the phone ? colin yes . yes . as I say , she be gonna move in , so she move in . costello you better get organize , quick . colin last time I check , I tip you off and you be not in jail . costello be you listen to I ? colin yes . ( continued ) 84 . continued : costello be listen to I , son ? do you like Little miss thing suck you cock ? colin look in at madolyn . colin yes . yes I do . colin be frustrated . costello so earn it . ( a beat ) I be gettin ' the feel we get a cop in my crew . colin I be gettin ' that same feel . costello he 's one of yours . Inside . have you see anything ? colin look , I have no access to undercover file in queenan 's department . it 's lock up . queenan and dignam run the snitch . they do not give anybody a peep . I be do the best ... costello ( interrupt ) you best ? what do you think we be in , the fuckin ' haberdashery business ? colin take a breath , try to reason and mind he place . colin please Frank , if you do not relax I can not relax . let 's start with this ... get I all the information on the people around you last night . everyone that work for you . get I real first name . get I ... ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) costello ( interrupt Colin ) get you ? give you ? who the fuck do you work for ? colin okay , Frank ... I be sorry ... could you please get I social security number , ah , I need driver license number , full name , date of birth , anything like that . Bank account number , everything that you do not get from a criminal record or , or a wrap sheet or a ... costello ( relenting a little ) collie , calm down or you will shoot in you pants . I will get you the record and whatnot . you will have them but listen to I son , do not disappoint I on this , or some other guy will be put they cock up Little miss Freud 's ass . ext . dock / waterfront - continuous costello hang up and walk along and see queenan and dignam step out . queenan how be you , Francis ? costello my mother call I Francis . queenan I know she do . and you father call you the tumor . costello , not like that : costello oh , what do you father call you , Charlie ? oh yeah , I forget , he be not around . queenan where be the real microprocessor , Frank ? ( continued ) 86 . continued : costello microprocessors ... oh yeah , I hear that story . you arrest some chinese government guy at the border carry some light socket or something ' . dignam I can not wait to wipe that fuckin ' smirk off you face . costello ( to dignam ) would not you rather wipe my ass for I ? queenan I will get you , Frank . costello if you could have you would have but I guess you like to go at you own pace . from off - stage we hear a young , angelic girl choir begin to sing . costello ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , I have get a date with some angel . as costello walk away : queenan sooner than you think , Francis . int . colin' apartment . continuous colin , look worried , fold he phone away , come into the apartment . madolyn be stare at he . colin what ? madolyn you have a boss that have a laryngectomy ? colin no , no , no . that be a guy who work for I . ( continued ) 87 . continued : madolyn you be lie to I . colin not exactly . ( the charming Colin : ) there be certain thing I will not be able to talk to you about . I can not allow you to jeopardize a ongoing investigation . ( or you own life . ) ( more seriously , after a long beat ) there really be thing connect to my job that you can not ask about . that you do not want to know about . madolyn ( after a beat ) okay , then say that . colin look at she steadily : if she 's serious , she 's pure gold . colin I will . thank you . he kiss she . the doorbell ring . madolyn that 's the mover . colin you still wanna stay ? madolyn I do . the doorbell safely ringing , Colin kiss madolyn . colin ( be : doorbell ) all right . all right . I be come . int . queenan' office . continuous dignam be alone . we see queenan 's empty desk in a fall of light . we see dignam 's arm , wrist , phone , a expensive heavy watch . ( continued ) 88 . continued : billy ( o.s. ) I be gonna get on a plane unless you put queenan on the phone . dignam queenan have a funeral to go to . this be my shift . calm down . int . IM pei type footbridge with a pedestrian conveyor . day ( intercut ) billy be talk on the phone , in a fury . billy why should not I get on a fuck plane ? meet up ? do you actually want I dead ? there 's a rat in you unit . that 's a fact . you just do not know it . where 's queenan ? dignam he 's not here . billy they know you have camera in the building . you have a leak from the inside . it 's real . smoke he out . dignam and how do we do that mr... fuck genius who do not even graduate the academy ? billy disinform . let it slip to siu that you be get a seal wiretap warrant for costello 's apartment . do not tell anyone in we department but tell siu . flush it and see if it come out of the pipe on my end . that 's first . narrow it down . where 's queenan . dignam be you deaf ? he 's not here . call I when you get something real . billy be in a full - on panic attack . he take a pill , lean back against a wall , close he eye . the second phone ring . he stare at it : open it . ( continued ) 89 . continued : billy it 's I . int . deserted cafe - day madolyn and billy sit at a table . talk like friend now , emphatically non-clinical . billy be zone out , preoccupy , nervous . madolyn I be assume you want to change thing , you know , change the people you know , change the people you meet , change everything , anything . too many choice can see like no choice at all ... billy confucius say that ? madolyn so you do ... something radical . billy " something radical , " huh ? madolyn ... yeah , you do ... sometimes it 's just a matter of pick a thing and do it ... billy so how long you be with this guy ? madolyn oh , four month . about four month . billy you love this guy ? madolyn it 's pretty serious , yeah , it be . billy a head case or anything ? I be just curious ... madolyn no more than I be . ( continued ) 90 . continued : billy then you be lucky . consider the odd , right ? he lift he cup to drink . billy ( cont 'd ) good , give he a shot . this may not be exactly what madolyn want to hear . but she nod . madolyn doctor be not suppose to have illusion . billy yeah , that 's because of vastly superior intelligence . godlike , really . smile , call on she shit . madolyn ok , I be in a serious , newly serious , relationship ... there be ...up and downs ... everybody have doubt , problem -- I mean doubt . she realize she may have glaze and go a little too far on " problem " . billy what would you do if he be stand right there and see we ? madolyn I would lie . to keep thing on a even keel . you know all about it . int . / ext . bankrobber' apartment . charlestown . day the bankrobber , a junkie , wake up to a vision : jesus , indicate the sacred heart . billy smashes the glass and the frame over the guy 's head . CUT to outside : mister french have light a cherry - bomb . he throw it . he hand out firework to kide . ( continued ) 91 . continued : back inside : billy shove he down on the couch and cram the gun to he head . billy you take off a armored car at the dedham mall and what do you do . do you pay guinea in Providence ? bankrobber Fucking now I do . billy what the fuck do you do . bankrobber what , I pay costello and wait for he to trade I to the FBI ? Cause that 's what he do . billy FBI ? what the fuck be you talk about . { firecracker off} bankrobber oh my God , be that french out there ? billy ( grab he by the shirt ) what the fuck do you just say about the FBI ? bankrobber forget what I say . I be fuck high , I be high . firecracker continue to go off outside . the bankrobber know what this mean . billy whatever 's go through you very poor , very limited , brain ... I be not go to hurt you . just tell I what you just fuck say . ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 2 ) bankrobber forget it , I be high , I must be high , I would never say what you think I say . as the firecracker sound increase outside ( maybe french 's " do what you have to do " ) , billy , no way out of what he have to do , glance at the window , shoot the guy through the kneecap . blood spray everywhere . the bankrobber scream . billy tell I what the fuck you say . bankrobber ( cover with blood ) why do you think he 's not arrest ? costello 's a protect FBI informant . he will trade you out . ( a beat ) I think I be suppose to go into shock . I be not in shock . it fuck hurt . it fuck hurt . billy get out of the house . outside mister french be benignly watch kid light cherry bomb . billy let 's go . on SOUND : sextet from lucia di lammamoor . int . a theater . night from behind costello' head , which almost fill the frame , we see a blur of beautiful color . on stage , a opera be in progress ---- lucia DI lammamoor do with mask . CUT to costello , revealing costello 's rapt face and pan to reveal on he Left a beautiful white prostitute . pan back over costello' face to reveal a beautiful black prostitute . performers with mask sing on stage . as the music soar , costello move crinoline up the woman 's leg . int . a bedroom . night . costello fuck ... and fuck weird . 93. ext . queenan' house in west roxbury . night a street of three - decker . queenan get out of he unmark cruiser . as he do : billy step out into the light . the two man stare at each other , each light by they own streetlight . billy hey , it 's I . queenan what do you want ? what be you do here ? billy come here . queenan approach he . billy ( cont 'd ) costello be give people up to the FBI . queenan stare . queenan the FBI ? billy he give information to the FBI . he 's a protect informant . be not they try to make it a Federal case ? and it never get make ? queenan ( realize he have to be very careful ) go around the back . go around the back . int . queenan' house . moment later billy sit on a bench in a hallway , exhaust , stare . the sacred heart and JFK be on the wall . queenan come along the hall . queenan my wife 's asleep . she leave supper out . come and have something to eat . billy shake he head . ( continued ) 94 . continued : billy no , I ... queenan we will talk in the kitchen . come and have something to eat . billy follow he towards the light kitchen door . ext . drive range . day ( windy ) colin be watch ellerby hit golf ball . well . ellerby congratulation . have not see a guy like you since I . you will be transfer to Internal investigation but you will continue to work right where you be in the special investigation unit . colin I do not get it . ellerby we be all convinced that costello have at least one mole in the special investigation unit . colin right . ellerby you will investigate . everybody . anybody . colin well , that 's just a dream job for a cop . ellerby we have consider all possible candidate . you have a immaculate record . some people never trust a guy with a immaculate record . I do . ( a beat ) I have a immaculate record . ellerby hit a drive . ( continued ) 95 . continued : ellerby ( cont 'd ) play golf ? colin no . ellerby that 's a pity . pretty much suck as a game but you get to form relationship . ( a beat ) how 's the wedding come along ? colin everything 's great . on schedule . she 's a doctor . ellerby outstanding . that 's good . Marriage be a important part of get ahead . you do not want anyone think you be a homo . married guy seem stable . people look at a wedding ring and think : someone can stand the son of a bitch . lady see the wedding ring and know immediately that you must have some cash and that you cock work . colin oh , it 's work . overtime . ellerby I be glad to hear that . Hit a drive . ponk . ext . construction area . day heavy equipment stand on the thrash earth . hoarding . billy cross the road under what remain of the Expressway , and after hide in a angle of the building and cock the gun in he pocket bang on the door of a dead bar . the door be unlock by : delahunt . int . the dead bar . day it 's another of costello be " location " . billy look around . every man from the previous night be there -- but no costello . delahunt close the door behind he and bar it . Men be oddly enough fill out form . this be not man use to pencil and paper . billy be nodd at . ( continued ) 96 . continued : mister french boss want you real name , you social , you license number , all you bank account number . billy I do not have a bank account . mister french I be a cash business myself . billy what 's he do , set up iras ? mister french you fill in the papers , real name , all you number , no fuck around , and then we all wait here . mister french ( cont 'd ) no , I be not . mister french go off into a separate room . billy take a paper and , sit at the bar beside fitzy , write down he information . the other man be mostly finish and delahunt be collect the papers . delahunt toss the brown envelope on the bar . delahunt put the form in there . fitzy I do not know if this be how you spell citizen ' . billy glance at what fitzy be crawl : cittizin trust . billy no , no , no . Jesus Christ . he take the brown envelope , and write on it citizen . fitzy what be you , retarded ? that be not right . billy give up . both of they form be stuff in a envelope . billy get up . delahunt billy , he say to stay here . ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 2 ) billy I be not sit in this room without a tetanus shot . I be not stay . mister french where you go ? billy go out . delahunt put he coat on . he pick up the brown envelope on which citizen trust be write . ext . the waterfront . day billy be hold he bottle of tranqs . he trace with he finger the doctor 's name ... madolyn madden . his " police " phone vibrate and he take it out . onscreen follow the envelope . billy delete the IM and dial queenan directly . billy why can not ellerby 's guy ? siu . int . queenan' office . day queenan close he door . queenan they can not . they be compromise . ext . costello' apartment . night costello emerge , in a overcoat . carry the envelope . he get into he oldsmobile . billy start he car and follow . int . cinema . night revised on set 5/31/05 Dark theater , movie in progress . wobbly porno music . a thin audience of raincoat artist . the door open and costello enter . he move slowly down the aisle and see : colin sit alone . he sit down in front of colin . costello be wear the dildo . he watch the movie , moan . costello oh yeah , be dirty . Colin go for he gun . costello get up , show he the dildo . ( continued ) 98 . continued : costello ( cont 'd ) see anything you like ? colin unnerve , recognize costello now . colin Jesus Christ , Frank , I almost shot you . Frank sit , closer to Colin . costello you be not indulge in self abuse be you ? colin Frank , we get problem . costello I hope you be not turn into one of that sob sister , who want to get catch . you be not crackin ' up be you ? colin I do not crack up . costello pick a place where any cop could see you ... colin why do you show up then ? costello I own the place . colin why be I not fuckin ' surprised . look ... costello you be gettin ' reassign . colin how the fuck do you know that ? costello where would they put you ? colin I have to find myself . ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 2 ) costello chuckle , truly enjoy this . costello you be tell I , sonny boy . colin I have to find the guy you have in the department . costello with everybody look up they own ass and you look for yourself , I put my money on nobody find nothing . we see in Colin 's face hurt and hatred for costello . his idol do not like he . colin Frank , for I , you have get to lay low . costello laying low be not what I do . colin yeah , big fuckin ' daddy Frank . lookit , Frank , what good be I to you if you do not listen to I ? queenan 's compartmentalize . he 's fuckin ' smart , you know that . I will find this rat if you let I do it my way . if you let I do my job . costello okay . ( give he the envelope ) but Colin , I hope I will not have to remind you , that if you do not find that cheese eat rat bastard in you department so we can give he a halo , most likely it will not be I who pay for it . colin nod , sweat on he lip . colin why would you need to remind I of that ? I do not know that would I be any good at what I do ? trust I , I know how to do this . ( more ) ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 3 ) colin ( cont 'd ) it involve lie , and I be pretty fuck good at that , right ? costello ( look at the screen ) maybe it 's because it 's always be so easy for I to get cunt that I never understand jerk off in a theatre . costello get up to go . costello ( cont 'd ) who know what 's easy ? collie , take care of business . the door open again at the back of the theater and we see : billy in a dark back seat . costello , after hesitate as Colin sweat , shove the brown envelope to colin , and go . billy receive a text message : " get visual id suspect . " he slump in he seat as costello march up the aisle and out of the theater . he have barely recover from this when : the dark shape of colin be move rapidly towards and through the emergency exit beside the screen . billy follow . int . cinema back staircase and alley . night it 's open , and give on to what Boston keep try to call the theater District and what keep be the combat Zone . colin vanish around a corner . billy follow , look leave and right , then go after ext . a STREET of chinese shop . continuous colin , who be walk along , put the envelope into he coat . billy be speed up , move through pedestrian , desperate to see Colin 's face . colin will be catch up to within second . he turn down another street . billy start into a half -run . he turn the corner . another STREET paint with neon light ( quiet ) . billy Pov : colin be halfway down the street . ( continued ) 101 . continued : billy follow . billy be nearly up to colin on this quieter street ( and colin be aware of the tail ) when ... billy be cellphone ring . his phone have fuck up , as they do . instead of turn around , colin accelerate . the only thing on he agenda be to not have he face see . billy spin into a door-open and silence the ringer . text message detail make arrest . colin take a right at the end of the street , into a alley . ext . around the next corner . moment later colin be wait , in a doorway of he own . he have a knife open in he hand . he wait , listen to ( falter ) footstep : a man , face invisible in shadow , turn the corner . colin pull he into the doorway and rip upwards with a knife . as the body fall we see : it be not billy . it 's a chinese man . colin back away in horror , and hurry off down the street . ext . another STREET . moment later colin , sweat , staggering , hurry along . no sign of billy , no sign of a follower . but he do notice : cctv camera at the intersection . he spin and get out of there , head off through . chinatown . Colin , hold he envelope , walk , sweat , fast , then faster , past repeat ideogram in neon ( the ideogram say - - flash - - " depart " ) . ext . chinatown . moment later billy have lose Colin . he hear a hubbub from the corner where a small crowd of chinese speaker be gather and push through the crowd to see : blood run on the pavement . billy back away , get out of there . int . cctv room . night colin be look at cctv tape . we see colin , unrecognizable on cheap video . then we see a blurred image of billy . cross the street in beat . no more use as id than the shroud of turin . 102 . ext . madolyn' cellar apartment . night ( raining ) through grate window we can see madolyn finish up she pack . billy knock on the door , which lead only into madolyn 's basement apartment . a long beat and she open the door . the chain on . billy you name 's on the pill label . I think you be not suppose to be in the book , in case of obsessive patient . madolyn how obsessive be you ? billy medium . madolyn be you okay ? why be you here ? billy I really like we conversation . I have be ... regret that we do not continue ... we conversation . madolyn I be glad you want to see I ... it 's nice to see you ... I enjoy talk ... I enjoy have coffee with you , very much ... but I do not see people ... I do not see people in my home . billy get soak . int . madolyn' cellar apartment . continuous billy look around and see : box , transition . the furniture already go . a air-mattress on the floor . there be still tea thing on the counter . a basic life be still possible here . madolyn have be make tea here , sleep here , read in bed . billy , soak , a drown rat , be look vulnerable and honest . billy thanks . if this be inappropriate ... I can leave . madolyn take a moment to react . ( continued ) 103 . continued : madolyn no , it 's , it 's , it 's not inappropriate ... you be not a patient ... billy you move in or out ? madolyn I still have three week on the lease ... billy be look at the picture to which Colin object . a young girl in front of a rust belt slum , tilt in a box of effect . madolyn ( cont 'd ) that 's I . billy yeah , I know . he hang the picture on a nail . madolyn ( the kettle whistle os ) would you like a cup of tea ? billy nod . billy yeah . yeah I would . thank you . madolyn leave he look vaguely around the apartment . in the kitchen , it appear that madolyn have forget how to make a cup of tea . she persevere , come out hold two cup . billy be look at the handful of book still in the apartment . madolyn do you want some ... billy sugar ? no ... she hand he the cup of tea . strung out , he spill he tea , slightly , unobserve by madolyn . madolyn look over at the bed , the book , the lamp , the incontrovertible evidence that she 's probably really , in fact , not that into Colin .. madolyn I have always need my own place . ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 2 ) billy hedging you bet ? madolyn no. I be not " hedge my best " ... I tell you when we have coffee ... there 's a choice . you choose ... you have to make a ... billy decision . madolyn ... decision ... and stick by what ... you choose ... you have to ... billy move in with you boyfriend ? madolyn yes . stick by what you ... otherwise it 's ... I have to say that you vulnerability be really freaking I out right now . be it real ? billy yeah , I think so . Tick...tick...tick. billy ( cont 'd ) you do not have cat . madolyn no. billy I like that . that 's good . int . cctv room . night Colin be still study the blurry image of billy . int . madolyn' basement apartment . night in the tiny kitchen billy be kissing madolyn and unbuttone she shirt . her hand start to move to push he away . he continue . 105 . int . cctv room . night still study the blurry image of billy , colin tense as someone come into the office and switch off the tape . he glance at he coat . the envelope be visible fold into the breast pocket . he take he coat and go . ext . charle STREET . night wet empty street . the " gaslight " be on . about midnight . int . charle STREET brasserie . night a costello business . the restaurant be close for the night . one bartender be sweeping up and the other be count the taking . in a darker alcove of the bar costello sit alone at a broad table , drink brandy . on sound , classical music . as a knock be hear costello look up . a bartender let billy in . costello watch billy approach . we hear he sit down . costello you get a girlfriend ? billy no. no . what do that matter ? costello depend . I be sure you know by now there 's a informer in my crew . cop. staties or Boston Police department , I be not sure . he pour billy some brandy . then start to draw a sketch . billy what about the FBI . costello it be not . trust I . the ex-wife , a old friend or stupid ... that 's what bring you down in this business . billy stupid ... well , that leave I out . costello past day , case like this ... I kill everybody who work for I . billy better safe than sorry , I suppose . ( continued ) 106 . continued : costello on the other hand , back then , it be only five ... or six ... and french . but costello , maybe , be sorry . billy I look around at you guy . they be all murderer right ? I think " could I do murder ? " and all I can answer myself be , " what 's the difference " . costello give they up to the almighty . like that . billy yeah , that 's my point . you accuse I once , I put up with it . you accuse I twice , I quit . if you make I fear for my life , I put a fuck bullet in you head as if you be anybody else . costello look up . this be new : but he 's impassive . and impressed . costello ( to billy ) you get something you want to say to I , William ? billy you be seventy fuck year old . one of this guy be go to pop you . as for run drug , what the fuck . you do not need the pain in the ass , and they be go to catch you . and you do not need the money . costello smile , and continue with the sketch . later he will light up the paper . costello I have not need " the money " since I take archie 's milk money in the third grade . tell the truth , I do not need pussy any more , but I still like it . ( more ) ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 2 ) costello ( cont 'd ) Point I be make ... you see ... I get this rat ... gnaw , cheese eat fuck rat ... question come up ... question ... see , Bill , you be the new guy ... and the girlfriend . why do not you stay in the bar when I get the number . you number . everybody 's number . billy be there something you want to ask I , Frank ? costello start with , you agree there be a rat ? billy you say there be one . I base most of what I do on the idea that you be pretty fuck good at what you do . costello sure , sure , all that aside ... but you Bill , what would you do ? costello sketching . billy how many of this guy be with you long enough to be disgruntled ? who need more money than you pay they ? you do not pay much , you know . it 's almost a feudal fuckin ' enterprise . ( costello nod , accept this ) the question be , who think that they would do what you do better than you ? costello only one that can do what I do be I . you want to be I ? billy stare over a precipice : he know this as well . billy I probably could be you . I know that much . but I do not want to be you . ( continued ) 108 . continued : ( 3 ) costello heavy lie the crown ... sort of thing . french come in from the kitchen . mister french Francis . bartender we be out of here , mister costello . you will have to set the alarm . costello ( eye on billy ) thank you , Jimmy . see you tomorrow . on SOUND the door close and lock . costello ( cont 'd ) there 's a boat come in , up in gloucester . french will give you all the detail . costello leave . int . costello' kitchen . day / intercut : int . colin' office costello be on the phone . mister french be sit on a stool , smoking . opera play on sound . costello you hear nothing ? colin no . costello nothing about drug . nothing about new guy , nothing about gloucester ? colin no , Frank , not a thing . and I promise you I would have hear about it . costello hang up and turn to mister french . costello you be sure . no other department , no code , like that ... ( continued ) 109 . continued : colin' voice Frank . you can relax on this one . costello okay , collie . I will . costello hang up and turn to Mr. french . costello ( cont 'd ) ( emotionally ) it be not Bill . no way , he say . thank God for billy . int . police headquarters . day everybody be busy in the office . it 's colin 's first day of Internal investigation . colin be move through the bullpen . cop stare at he with resentment . colin Morning . he come up to queenan 's door just as dignam come out . dignam face colin down . colin ( cont 'd ) a problem ? dignam yeah , I run rat fuck like you . I do not like they . colin the day you would not take a promotion , you let I know . and I would not even have a job if you do yours . dignam fuck yourself . colin I need to know the identity of you undercover . dignam blow I . not literally , there 's no promotion in it for ya . he walk away . colin go into queenan 's office . 110 . int . queenan' office . moment later queenan put the cig into a cup of water , and throw it into the trash . colin Morning , Captain . queenan look who 's here . the Queen of the prom . colin they be not happy with I . especially staff sergeant dignam . queenan what do you expect ? everybody know you be assign here to find costello 's rat . they want to find the leak as much as you do . what they do not want be to be accuse of be the rat . colin sit uneasily . colin Fair enough . well one of they have to be dirty , we know that , right ? queenan two day ago , my undercover guy in costello 's organization ---- colin who be that ? queenan lot of luck . ( not a chance . ) you can go over my head , high as you like . you still will not get a answer . colin Fair enough . queenan as I say , two day ago , my guy nearly find out who costello 's rat be . he lose he in the street . ( continued ) 111 . continued : colin really ? do he get a look at he ? queenan ... no. colin nothing that could help we ? queenan Nah . colin ( swallow ) ( too bad . ) any advice ? generally ? queenan costello can not do ( much ) business without coordinate with he source ... ( gesture out window ) who be here . in siu . follow costello and you will find he rat . colin realize : just follow queenan and you will find he rat . queenan ( cont 'd ) ( turn away ) you be go to be look at my people . go through they bank statement , phone bill , medical record . do not expect they to get you a coffee or invite you to they house . let I get you a coffee . int . colin' office # 2 . day colin be sit in he office alone , remember what queenan have just tell he : queenan ( v.o. ) follow costello and you will find he informer . in the fishbowl of he glass office , colin be be stare at by piss - off cop . colin calm down . he open the gray envelope . he take out the form that he be give by costello , open up police personnel database and start search . he type in ss number . one , then another , then another . the result be always : " person not find " . he type in costigan , William m , hit return . it come up : " person not find " . colin keep work . 112 . int . colin' office # 2 . later mugshot of all of costello 's guy . he look at they desperately ... no one square up with the blurred , impossible , image he see on the cctv screen ( which he have print out ) . colin close the curtain on he fishbowl office ( not fast enough to avoid see dignam give he the finger ) , lock he door . he pick up the phone . voice on phone ( v.o. ) Internal investigation . colin this be Sullivan . I need constant surveillance on Captain queenan , start right now . int . colin and madolyn' new bedroom . same night colin be lie in bed , he back to madolyn . colin if I be not with the mass State Police . if I do it full time , law school , I would be through in a year . I be think that . if I be not a trooper . madolyn what 's go on ? colin nothing . nothing . there 's nothing go on . just think . madolyn okay , all right . ( think about it ; blow a breath ) and what about money ? colin I get some money . another city ... I be think that . another city do not seem unattractive to madolyn , who 's in she own cut - and - run crisis -- but maybe she can not believe that Colin be think about it . she blow a breath . madolyn another city ? it would be a clean slate . ( continued ) 113 . continued : colin be in hell . he look at she intensely . colin I want you to know you do not gotta stay . if we be not go to make it , it 's get to be you that get out . I be not capable ( a beat ) I be fuckin ' irish , so I will deal with something be wrong for the rest of my life . Long pause . madolyn not a bad idea , another city . ext . the charle STREET brasserie . day fitzy and delahunt be smoking on the sidewalk outside the restaurant . delahunt of course I know how to spot a cop . fitzy oh yeah , how 's that ? delahunt if he 's not pay attention to we , he 's a cop . there Pov : a man across the street be look into the window of a antique shop . delahunt ( cont 'd ) see that guy over there , he 's a cop . he 's not pay attention to we . he 's a cop . fitzy lot of fuck cop . a woman walk by definitely ignore both man , drag a lapdog . fitzy ( cont 'd ) what kind of dog be that ? no response . ( continued ) 114 . continued : fitzy ( cont 'd ) she 's a cop . delahunt she 's probably the fuck Police commissioner . int . charle STREET brasserie . continuous too early to be open for business . costello and new guy , six hard customer , come in through the fire door . at the bar , billy be drink coffee . he notice the new guy . off the boat Dublin tough . costello and french come in from the kitchen . french tell the new guy to move to the back . costello have blood on he sleeve . he come over to the bar and look at billy . costello you can get out of here . this be the crew for tonight . billy I think I be on for that . costello I change my mind . take the night off . ( to bartender ) Jimmy , get the mop . costello head to the back of the restaurant . mister french , grab the bar knife from behind the bar . billy look up at he . mister french go out the back . some guy answer the question right . some do not . mister french go towards the back of the restaurant , hold the big knife . billy close he paper . ext . the charle STREET brasserie . moment later billy step out , ignore delahunt and fitzy . delahunt you be a cop . billy huh ? ( continued ) 115 . continued : delahunt you be ignore we . you be a cop . we be guess who cop be . most good look woman be cop . billy right . I be go home . he 's play with he new boy . delahunt see you later . billy later . billy walk down the street and head into a alley . around the corner , he open he phone . billy ( cont 'd ) he 's move something with all new guy . ( a whole new crew . ) I do not want to tell you what or where . it might be disinformation . it probably be . just keep follow he . I need to see you today . ( a beat ... reacting to queenan , billy continue ) no. today . ext . police station / colin' office . day a detective ( detective 1 ) be lead the team to trail after queenan . on foot . a plug in he ear . two other detective sit in a sedan nearby . ( this three detective be new guy , never see before , the i.i. surveillance team work for Colin ) . detective 1 can I ask a question , sergeant ? colin yes , go ahead . detective 2 why the fuck be we follow Captain queenan ? to find out about the good Catholic life ? ( continued ) 116 . continued : colin ( angrily ) I have to follow every lead , however unlikely , however fuck painful it might be to you delicate fuck sensibility . detective 1 who say I have delicate sensibility ? colin I have reason to believe that queenan be costello 's informer . follow he , and do not get make . detective 1 copy that , sarge the detective in the car get alert and start they car as queenan come out of the building . detective 1 ( cont 'd ) we get he . detective 2 sarge , we get the target . ext . tremont STREET / financial district . day detective 1 trail Captain queenan through the crowd of people head towards work . int . park ST . subway station . morning queenan begin to light a cigarette and then give it up . a train come in , and queenan board . detective 1 board the next car . int . detective 1's subway car . moment later look through smear glass into the next car as the train begin to move detective 1 see queenan answer a cell call . int . queenan' subway car . continuous queenan be on he cell . queenan where be you now ? ( continued ) 117 . continued : billy look down the car . queenan look up mildly as the car rock . billy ( cont 'd ) get I ? queenan' Pov : billy be slump in a seat at the far end , not look towards queenan . billy ( cont 'd ) any reason you would have a tail ? queenan no ... of course not . billy ( on the verge of hyperventilate ) I be watch a guy ... queenan I do not have a tail , billy . through the glass we see detective 1 watch queenan . billy okay . get off at South Station . you wait there for ten minute . after I leave I will text message you the address where we will meet . I will make sure you do not have a tail . queenan South Station . wait ten minute . as the train stop billy vault off of it . on the platform he walk along , texting . ext . south station subway exit . late morning queenan , mild in he specs , chew gum with he denture , come out of the station , and look at the text message on he phone . 118 . ext . a STREET south of ft . point channel . moment later a building under rehab , cover with scaffold , but still function as a corporate building . queenan go along to the entrance , and in . detective 1 come along after he . we see the Internal investigation car up the street . detective 1 dial he cellphone . detective 1 he go into a building on the waterfront . address be 344 wash ... int . the lobby . moment later detective 1 look at the elevator- indicator , and the building directory . detective 1 he go to the top floor . it 's empty . no tenant . int . colin' office # 2 . continuous colin , listen , play with a coin . ext . commercial build . moment later detective 1 emerge from the building and join other detective in the car . detective 1 I do not know what we be do here . int . colin' office # 2 / brasserie . continuous colin , after fumble between cell phone , dial the correct one . colin ( to costello ) I think I have get he . I think queenan be meeting with he right now . ext . charle STREET brasserie . moment later fitzy and delahunt be phone ring simultaneously . delahunt get the van . get the boy . 119 . ext . commercial build rooftop . continuous billy be wait on the roof as queenan finally arrive . queenan I assume this premise do not have a anti-smoke ordinance . so , what 's go on ? billy I tell you , he 's get dope come in , I do not know where . he 's get spooky , Captain ... queenan what do you mean ? billy he 's crazy . I just see the man . he have blood all over he . I can not get any more information for you . I can not trust it . he 's not include he regular guy ... I be tell you , he 's gonna find out who I be . he 's gonna fuckin ' kill I , I know it . queenan all right , all right . I hear you . I be sorry for you trouble . look , I be not gonna jeopardize you safety any longer . I will get you out . I can not do it overnight but I will do it . we can bust he for what we have . at least I think we can ... I hope . you be out of there asap . billy nod , and nod . billy yeah ? what about the FBI ? queenan they be compromise . billy what ? queenan they be fuck , just like this lighter . ( continued ) 120 . continued : billy phone ring . int . fitzy's van . continuous delahunt be call billy from a van crowded with costello 's usual bad guy as it scorch through traffic . delahunt billy , where the fuck be you ? we be try to reach you . we find the rat . top man say we be gonna take care of he . the address be 314 Washington Street . you get it ? all right . see you there . ext . commercial build rooftop . continuous billy listen in horror , stare at the oblivious queenan . queenan what ? billy you be fuck follow . queenan by who ? billy costello 's people . queenan impossible . billy no . one of the cop he 's get inside tip he . queenan realize that he enemy might be ... int . colin' office # 2 . continuous colin raise he eye . diabolical . ext . commercial build . moment later fitzy's van stop outside the building . costello' men get out of the van , and head into the lobby . int . internal investigation car . continuous the detective be watch . ( continued ) 121 . continued : detective 1 what the fuck be go on ? detective 2 Holy fuck shit . look like queenan 's meeting with all of they . int . colin' office # 2 . continuous colin listen . colin yes . int . staircase . day billy and queenan be run downstairs when they hear footstep come up from below . they immediately go back up to the elevator lobby . push through plastic sheet . int . lobby on the top floor . continuous billy be slamm elevator button . the indicator show both elevator come up . billy they will be on the elevator , too . queenan take the back fire escape . billy what will you do ? queenan I will be fine . if you get make I can not protect you . go down the fire escape . now . that 's a order . I will be fine . billy go . queenan wait . watch the elevator indicator . queenan , in he specs , very mild , take out he gun and break the cylinder , check that it be load , and put a shell into the empty sixth chamber . ext . FIRE escape . moment later billy climb out onto the fire escape at the back of the building and start drop down , fast . 122 . int . the top floor lobby . day the elevator door open , revealing delahunt and boy . queenan look right as the door to the staircase open revealing fitzy and boy . queenan can I help you gentleman ? fitzy I guess we have have enough of this shit . where 's you boy ? queenan do not answer , and never will . he draw he gun and be tackle . ext . back alley , commercial build . day billy drop off the fire escape and run down the alley . ext . commercial build . moment later billy towards the front door just as -- queenan' body bounce off the scaffold , smashes into the pavement and explode . blood splashes all over billy . int . internal investigation car . continuous detective 1 scream into he headset . detective 1 fuck ! something come off the roof . colin what come off the roof ? what do you mean something come off the roof ? go again with that information . ext . the commercial build . continuous fitzy , delahunt and boy come out . the crew have see the unmarked cop car . fitzy grab billy . fitzy you be fuckin ' late . where the fuck be you ? get in the fuckin ' van . ( continued ) 123 . continued : billy what the fuck happen ? I come to meet you . they start pile into a van . int . the internal investigation car . continuous detective 2 be yell both at he partner and into the mic . detective 1 stay in the fuck car . stay in the fuck car . this be a surveillance unit. ( into mic to Colin ) do I pursue . int . colin' office # 2 . continuous colin be sit very calmly . colin no . stay where you be . I need some fuck information here . what come off the building ? detective 1 I be not sure . int . / ext . internal investigation car / the STREET . continuous detective 1 no pursuit . no pursuit . detective 1 ( cont 'd ) fuck that . detective 1 get out of the car and run towards the flee man , gun draw . fitzy turn on detective 1 with a pistol draw . detective 1 fire and delahunt be hit in the stomach . fitzy shoot the detective ( he be wounded in the hand , not kill ) . the van take off . detective 4 thirty - two X to cp . thirty - two X to cp . we be be fire upon . I repeat . 124 . int . colin' office # 2 . continuous on radio . " Officer down " , etc . colin have never feel more guilty in he life . detective 4 ( v.o. ) we have a officer down . a officer have be shot . request immediate assistance . he switch off the light and sit in the dark as the afternoon gather . int . the dead bar . night fitzy , billy , and the boy be drink . dirty , paranoid , guilty , frighten , smoking . delahunt have be shot , be die , on a dirty couch . fitzy sit down and look at billy . fitzy and where the fuck be you ? billy boss tell I to go home . fitzy maybe he do and maybe he do not . at any rate you be not fuckin ' home . billy I be in a fuck grocery store with no signal . when I get a signal I get the call . what the fuck do you want . be I there or be I not there ? huh ? fitzy walk away . delahunt ( os ) billy . billy ( billy go over to he ) billy ( be : he wound ) Jesus Christ . ( continued ) 125 . continued : delahunt two day ... two day ago the boss say to I , it 's be ten year already , and you have never do I wrong . he ask I , if one of the other guy be a rat , would I take he out . I tell he I would but I do not know if I would . now I know I can not . I have do a lot of bad thing but I have never be a murderer . billy realize that delahunt be die . delahunt ( cont 'd ) hey billy , I do not want no one to put I in a dumpster . just do not put I in a dumpster . billy when you be dead it make no difference where they put you . billy light he a cigarette . delahunt you know what I think today ? billy what 's that ? delahunt who do not show up today be the rat . billy yeah , so ? delahunt you never be late in you life . and when I call you ... I make a mistake . I give you the wrong address . but you show up at the right one . delahunt grip he arm . billy be terrify . delahunt ( cont 'd ) tell I why I do not say anything . tell I why . ( continued ) 126 . continued : ( 2 ) he wait for delahunt to continue . but delahunt after a odd smile of complicity , finally die . billy , the only one who know that delahunt be dead , stare down at he . fitzy ( drink ) that cop be tough . we be excessive with the cop . billy walk past the table . billy he 's dead . I be go home . billy leave by the front door . int . conference room . night all hand present . dignam be in a black silent rage . ellerby do you know why queenan go to that building ? colin no . dignam a better question be why you fucker be follow he . colin I tell Internal investigation to follow he . dignam why ? colin that 's internal investigation business . dignam grab colin by the neck and run he into a wall . colin get a palm under dignam 's chin and come close to break he neck . the man at length be separate . colin straighten he good clothes . colin ( cont 'd ) I have to investigate everybody and anybody . I do not have to justify anything . nor do anyone have to like it . I now have information ... ( more ) ( continued ) 127 . continued : colin ( cont 'd ) from a very good source ... that queenan may have be kill by he own undercover . colin be try this on . dignam that 's a fuck lie . colin Captain queenan and staff sergeant dignam here have information on this undercover , and other informant , in a lock file . I need that file unlock . dignam I do not have the password . why do not you come down to the garage ... colin that 's a lie . dignam hit colin in the face . colin go down hard , into the crook of a file cabinet and the wall . blood from he mouth . dignam no one call I a liar . especially when I be lie . ellerby everybody shut up . ( to brown ) work with the tech guy to unlock the file . dignam . you take a leave of absence . dignam leave of what ? ellerby queenan 's dead . that make I you boss . dignam I will hand in my papers first . colin what ? ( continued ) 128 . continued : ( 2 ) ellerby hey , world need plenty of bartender . two week with pay . dignam good . colin I need that code . ellerby no , you want that code . ext . madolyn' office build . night when she come out : billy be wait . billy I try to call you a few time . madolyn I know . ( I know . ) . I can not ... he lean close to she . she stroke he head . madolyn ( cont 'd ) I can not be a friend to you . I can not . I be sorry . billy it 's okay , okay , I know . madolyn walk away . intercut colin' office # 2 / costello' condominium . night colin need a shower and be gun - shy as people move past the glass window . he be still rinsing blood out of he mouth . costello be listen to lucia di lammamoor . gwen sit nearby in attractive lingerie , read a book . costello now , when I hear Lucia , I can not stop think about the cocaine curtsy you do on that nigger broad 's face . ( the phone ring . costello answer : ) what ? ( continued ) 129 . continued : colin ( into phone ) you should not have kill queenan . costello one of we be go to have to die . with I it tend to be the other guy . colin ( agitate ) you be crazy , Frank . you kill the guy who have all the information . and dignam 's not in the office , he 's go . he resign . costello I do not give a fuck about dignam . colin he 's fuck go . they take he papers in . he 's not talk . I do not know where he be . costello do not get you ball in a uproar , collie . that irish piss - ant will not be a problem . he 's so hot for I , we give he a whiff of my ass , he will crawl right in it . let 's give he a whiff . colin I will . costello do not worry . I will take care of it . costello turn to the gwen . costello ( cont 'd ) sweetheart , you be give I a hard - on . he start to dial the phone . gwen be you sure it 's I or all that talk about whiffin ' and crawlin ' up ass ? ( continued ) 130 . continued : ( 2 ) costello hey , watch you fuck mouth . gwen you watch it . she rise and as she cross : gwen ( cont 'd ) let I straighten you out . colin look out into the bullpen . people work . on a table he see plastic bag which contain queenan 's bloodstain effect -- break glass , smashed wristwatch , and cellphone . he glance around , and pick up the cellphone . blood get on he finger . he move into the office , and see through the glass , he seize the phone and with tremble finger punch up the last income number . int . billy mother' apartment kitchen . night billy be look at a chip santa mug from he childhood and be eat something -- sheer maintenance , and drink wine from the bottle . his phone ring . he look at the id and be stunne . queenan 's number ! he pick up the call but remain silent . the caller be also do the same . int . colin' office # 2 . continuous colin hear that the other side have hang up the phone . he see : ellerby look at he through the glass . but ellerby have not see the phone . intercut billy mother' apartment / colin' office # 2 . continuous billy be agitate . exhausted . frightened . he pace , and look at the phone . he begin to pack , assemble clothes , money . finally , like a man commit suicide - - it 's that intense - - he dial the number . intercut . colin yeah . billy you call this number on a dead guy 's phone . who be you ? colin so it be you . thank God you be all right . we be very worried . ( continued ) 131 . continued : billy who be you ? colin you be talk to sergeant Sullivan . I be take over queenan 's unit . billy let I talk to dignam to confirm it . colin staff sgt. dignam have ... take a leave of absence . he 's very upset . we be all very upset . the best thing would be for you to come in . we need you to come in . billy listen to Colin go on . then shut off the phone . his other phone ring . colin dump out the box of queenan 's belonging . in the diary he see a entry show undercover suspect costello be FBI informant . billy listen to Colin go on . then shut off the phone . his other phone ring . int . the charle STREET brasserie . day costello be sit with he key guy , include french and fitzy . a tv station play above the zinc bar . billy be drink , hit it heavily . news anchor State Police have confirm that the body of the man find dead in the Fenway marsh yesterday afternoon be that of timothy delahunt , a undercover policeman for the City of Boston . . this be the scene today .... if you have any information about this murder , you be urge to call the Boston Police . the tv show delahunt's body be load into a ambulance . a crime scene . costello 's eye have widen slightly . but he be strangely undisturbed . ( continued ) 132 . continued : fitzy fuck . I can not believe it . mister french do not believe what ? fitzy I be embarrassed . how the fuck do they find he so fast ? I spend all fuckin ' night out there , drag the poor bastard .... I must have be there seven hour . in three foot of mud . what the fuck be a marsh ? and who walk they dog in a fuckin ' marsh ? in three foot of water ? I do not believe it . I still do not believe he 's a fuckin ' cop . costello the cop be say he 's a cop so I will not look for the cop . ( to fitzy ) be you soft ? the next time I tell you to dump a body in the marsh , put it in the fuckin ' marsh , not where some guy from John hancock go every Thursday to get a blowjob ! he make a move for the door . costello ( cont 'd ) proceed . they get up to leave , follow he . ext . southeast expressway . night two car carry costello and he man be speed down the highway . behind they , two siu car be trail . int . colin' office # 2 / costello' car . continuous colin close he door and punch in a number . in costello' car , he cell phone ring . costello Jesus Christ . he answer it . ( continued ) 133 . continued : costello ( cont 'd ) what ? colin do not go . you have get a tail . two car . not very subtle . they will not be subtle from now on . that 's what I have be try to tell you . costello get rid of they . colin there 's no need to go yourself , Frank . costello get rid of the fuckin ' tail ! close on colin as what he have to do crystallize . colin I will . all right . a cold look in he eye , Colin leave he office and go down the hall . in the car costello remark to french -- costello tail . fuckin ' rat . this rat shit be wear I thin . french Francis , they be all rat . woman be rat ... cunt ... yeah , we be become a nation of rat . int . surveillance office . moment later brown be there . barrigan . ellerby . other . colin stop. stop . pull this guy off . tell you team to stop follow costello . we do not need to surveil he . colin stand in the door like a gunfighter . everyone look at he . ( continued ) 134 . continued : ellerby what the fuck be you talk about ? colin I have it from a undercover : costello know he 's be follow . let we uc take he in . ellerby what informant ? colin queenan 's guy . he call I when he find out queenan be dead . I be run he . everyone be impressed . ellerby no . you give he to I . colin no . but I can give you costello 's destination . ellerby you know where he 's go ? colin yes . and what he 's about to do . call off the tail , and get special ops . get they on standby . we meet he where he 's go . suit up . we be gonna take this prick tonight . brown ( to crew on the road ) all unit fall back . everyone move at once . ext . southeast expressway . night costello be check the rearview mirror . he see : the two siu car exit the highway onto Atlantic Avenue . costello smile . the car exit the highway . the car pass through a maze of industrial street . ( continued ) 135 . continued : billy , riding in the back seat , be try desperately to see where they be . he see a STREET sign and tap out a text message on he phone . int . command van . night ( moving ) colin , in vest , observe by Brown , read the message . colin it 's the heavy equipment warehouse costello own on Sheffield . he must have a container or a truck in there . ( he big moment of decision ) go. ext . parking garage . night it be a unfinish structure , the lower part use , the upper part accessible but still under construction . it be build on a pier , the harbor light beyond it . the command van and police car pull up with light off . a tactical van disgorge tactical officer who spread out through the dark . int . command van . continuous . colin ( into mic ) there 's a exit on the other side . cover it . we will take he when he come out . colin check the load on he pistol . int . a upper floor of the parking garage . continuous costello unlock a container with a construction company logo on it , open the door , and step back . billy look into the container . it 's cocaine or heroin in kilo brick . Men stand around with mpe under they coat . costello load it . billy , try to save costello ... billy how do you know you do not have a tail ? costello look at he . ( continued ) 136 . continued : costello be you in the fuckin ' car ? billy what if they take one off and put another one on , Frank ? costello load . the drug have be load fast by the crew , include fng 's , the container be hose out . billy turn from fitzy's car as everyone get it . billy Frank tell I to check out the back . you guy go ahead . fng dennis watch you ass . instead of get into costello' car on the other side of the container , he step back into shadow as both car leave . int . costello' car . night four car with no headlight bracket the vehicle as soon as they come out of the garage . costello realize that something have go wrong . costello cocksucker . light come on , and policeman be everywhere , gun in they hand . colin be not visible among they . police open fire at costello 's car . the car reverse back into the garage . mister french ( the driver ) be shot in the arm , and the car crash into a wall . a gunfight open up . fng 's exchange fire with brutally efficient tactical cop and be shot down expertly . costello , limping , get out of the action , fast . he run into the parking garage . french drive away ( alternately be shot , or commit suicide ) . int . parking garage . night costello , shot through the stomach , be move through the dark . all that 's store in this garage be heavy equipment for the big dig . plenty of place to hide . we hear gunfire in the distance . costello hide between two piece of heavy equipment and dial he telephone . to he surprise the phone ring quite nearby . and keep ringing . ( continued ) 137 . continued : costello move out into the open , and see , at a near distance , colin , he shadow long on the concrete . he have a gun in he hand . costello move out to face he . colin you be a FBI informant . costello come out of the shadow . costello Jesus Colin , grow up . course I be talk to the FBI . colin do they know who I be ? costello say nothing for a moment . costello I never give up anybody who be not goin ' down anyway . colin instantly raise the pistol to shoot he . colin do you give I up ? colin' pistol waver . costello nobody know nothin' . colin shake he head and cock the gun . colin Frank , Frank , do they know about I ? costello I know you , Colin . you know I would never give you up . you be like ... colin a son ... to you ? be that what it be about , all that murderin ' and fuckin ' and no son ? what be you , shoot blank ? costello try to raise he gun which be inside he sleeve . he 's sit on he coat so that the shot go off sideways as colin shoot he . ( continued ) 138 . continued : ( 2 ) costello topple backward into the bucket of the bucket loader . angle on colin . then from the bucket loader , a post death tremor set off one last shot from costello be gun . ricochet . colin fire into the dead body again and again . he back away . colin ( cont 'd ) I get costello ! I get costello here ! int . police hq / conference room - night Colin be debrief concern the shoot of costello . [ dialog separate document ] . int . bullpen area . day colin enter , tired from a debrief . applause from everyone in the office -- the full crew . colin be embarrassed by the attention . brown be lead the whole team to a stand ovation . colin look past the head of the crowd and see : dignam , stare at he evenly . colin ( to crowd ) it 's not any reason for , ah ... queenan' secretary bring he some wine . colin ( cont 'd ) thank you . queenan' secretary no , thank you . he take a glass of wine . then guiltily , almost in tear , he drink . brown jerk a thumb towards Colin 's office # 2 . brown he 's wait a long time for you . ( colin look up and see billy ) how would you get he without the file ? colin caller id . on queenan 's phone . you know that guy ? ( continued ) 139 . continued : brown yeah , we be classmate together . colin I be gonna go talk to he . colin go off . int . colin' office # 2 . night in Colin 's office billy sit with he ankle on he knee . he look very tired , dirty . wearing a visitor badge . colin good to see you trooper . billy yeah . " trooper " . colin Colin Sullivan . we speak on the phone . how long have you be undercover ? billy Long time . Long fuckin ' time . colin I can not begin to tell you what a debt we owe you . I want you to know I will be recommend you for the Medal of merit . bill Medal of merit . oh , yeah . that 's kinda like a gold star around here , right ? colin it 's the high honor we get . billy I just want my identity back . colin you want to be a cop again ? billy no , be a cop 's not a identity . I want my identity back . colin take it . ( continued ) 140 . continued : billy ( cont 'd ) you will have to excuse I . my only contact have be with a police shrink . colin ( throat click ) a police shrink . ( instead of ask the obvious ) be that ... helpful for you ? billy what be you gonna do about the rat in this building ? colin I be gonna find he . do not you worry about that . you get anything ? do Frank , ah , say anything ... billy I be all do be a cop . I just want to get my money and go home . colin Fair enough . you have give a lot . I can get you you file . I just need you password . billy the password 's my name , William costigan , Jr. they give it to I in case something happen to they and I have to explain myself to someone like you . he write it . Colin take the paper and hide he astonishment . colin all right , Bill . just give I a minute . I be gonna go in the other room . this computer 's go blooey on I . billy nod . he go . 141 . int . computer room . night colin access the personal database , enter the password . billy 's confidential file open up . every fact about the man . photo . int . colin' office # 2 . continuous billy take a drink from the bottle colin have put on the desk . as he put the bottle down he see , stick out of a box , a brown envelope . on it be write " citizen . " billy pick up the envelope ... and know everything . int . computer room . continuous colin be review it billy 's file . outside the glass wall we see billy , stare at colin 's back ... and then move on . int . colin' office # 2 . later colin enter , hold a printout of billy 's personnel file . he look around the empty room . he see the brown envelope lie on the desk , and understand everything . he sit down at he own computer -- which do in fact work , and open the personnel file . colin click delete . " do you really want to delete ? " colin click " yes " and billy 's picture , file , life , disappear . ext . police build . night billy exit the police building and move across the plaza . int . hallway outside madolyn' office - day billy wait outside madolyn 's office . madolyn , carry work , breakfast , round the corner and see he stand and wait for she . she 's a little spook , open she mouth to speak ... billy I know . I be not here to ... I be not here for that . I have get something to ... to give to you ... something I need you to keep . for I . madolyn what be it ? ( continued ) 142 . continued : billy ( stop she from speak ) I need you to be my friend here and not ask any question . that 's for you to hold . he give she a manila envelope . billy ( cont 'd ) only you . open this if I be dead or if I call you and tell you to open it . please do exactly what it say . exactly what it say , please . madolyn be a friend . she 's not go to ask question . she accept the envelope . madolyn all right . billy I be sorry to show up here like this . there be no one else I could give it to . I be sorry . there be no one else . he back away , and then turn to go . madolyn I ...we ... ( he turn ) I have , it 's , be so confuse ... I just want to say ... he turn and look at she . she do not speak : can not . billy whatever you have to say , really think about it , and if you still want to tell I , tell I in two week , all right ? she move she head slightly , watch he go . int . madolyn' office . moment later . madolyn sit at she desk , devastate , look at a fall of light . the envelope lie on she blotter . she sit on ... then straighten up , take a marker and write " costigan " on the envelope and put it in she desk drawer . ( continued ) 143 . continued : we dissolve to a sonogram . int . colin' apartment . morning a sonogram picture of a fetus . it look to he at first like a cctv picture blow up . colin stare as if at something in a horror film . colin I be dream ... madolyn what ? colin I be dream I be dead . madolyn death be hard . life be much easier . refer to the envelope colin what 's this ? madolyn open it he do . colin really ? madolyn yeah . colin really ? madolyn yeah . colin you be joke ... madolyn it 's not a joke , it 's a human be . Colin belatedly think of what a human be might do in this circumstance and kiss she . ( continued ) 144 . continued : int colin' apartment - later colin be in the shower . madolyn move into the kitchen and put the kettle on . she check the mail , lie there on the counter . it 's tie with a string . she undoe the string and sort through the mail . suddenly , she freeze look at : a oversize envelope address to colin : [ colin sullivan , 20 picker Street , apt TK , Boston , ma , zip TK ] , with a return address of wm. costigan , 13 conant St. , Boston , etc. , etc . ] madolyn stare at the envelope , listen to the shower go . billy have write to she fiance . she start to put the envelope down , and then realize ... she have to hide it ... she have to open it . Inside the envelope be a jewel case : exile on MAIN STREET . and a note : play I now . madolyn put the CD into the machine . she put on the headset and listen ... and listen . colin come out of the bathroom , dress in jeans and t- shirt , barefoot , he hair wet . he look at madolyn , realize that something be wrong . colin what ? madolyn pull the headphone jack out of the stereo and roughly the follow boom out of the speaker . [ note : this recording be do in post -- I think from the porn theatre dialogue .] colin ( cont 'd ) you guy should not have do that . costello one of we be go to have to die . it tend to be the other guy . colin stare at she and we ought to think murder be a possibility . colin I be now in charge of everything here . include queenan 's informer . theoretically . I can not unlock the file until after the brass squeeze dignam . if the brass squeeze dignam . ( continued ) 145 . continued : ( 2 ) costello so dignam 's the only one with the key to the kingdom . colin he 's fuck resign . he put he papers in . he 's not talk . costello give I he location . tonight . colin and madolyn stare at each other . madolyn I think I be the liar . colin I can explain . she go into the bedroom . colin' phone ring . he answer it . ext . commercial build rooftop . day billy be walk , on the phone , happy , and twist the knife . billy costello record everything . he put all the tape in a little box and keep they with he lawyer . that be he insurance . his lawyer come to I . costello trust I the most . imagine that you rat fuck . sound quality good enough ? I be a little worried . int . madolyn and colin' aparment . continuous colin close a door to speak privately . colin what do you want ? billy I want my identity , you two - face rat prick . colin where be you ? ( continued ) 146 . continued : billy Three o'clock . where queenan die . you keep you cell on . colin go to the bedroom door and try it . lock . he knock . no answer . colin do we not talk about this ? this be my job . it 's over . he start to punch the door , and then do not . ext . commercial build . day colin come along and walk into the lobby . he be not look for a tail ... ext . commercial build rooftop . day colin look out through the door , no gun draw , but very much a cop clear he corner . he step out and -- billy take he from behind the door , he only blind side , and grab the back of he collar and cram a pistol into the bottom of he skull . billy get you hand up . hand . hand . colin put the fuckin ' gun down . billy turn Colin around and put the pistol to Colin 's forehead , hard enough to break the skin . he take out Colin 's belt gun and put it in he pocket . ( billy scream " hand ! " at Colin every time he make a move ) . colin ( cont 'd ) I come here to talk some fuck sense to you . you get a hold of yourself and put down the fuckin ' firearm and act professional and I can get you you money . billy ( turn he around ) what do you say ? colin I can get you you ... ( continued ) 147 . continued : billy crack he across the jaw with the gun . colin go down . colin be drool blood , he bell rung , one eye open . billy throw away Colin 's ankle gun . colin ( cont 'd ) ( spitting tooth ) fuck , shit ... billy ( go for Colin 's cuff ) you do not come here to talk , you fuckin ' maggot , you come here to get arrest . colin arrested ? arrested for what . ( as billy cuff he ) so you get tape of what ? costello be my informant . I be he rat ? fuck you . prove it . I say he be my informant . billy get up and shut you fuckin ' mouth . colin what be this , a citizen 's arrest ? blow I , prick . only one of we be a cop , here , Bill . nobody know who you be . nobody know who you be . billy would you shut the fuck up . colin I be a sergeant in the mass . State Police . who the fuck be you ? nobody . I erased you . billy put the gun to Colin 's head . billy you erase I ? colin go ahead . shoot a cop , Einstein . see what happen . billy what would happen be the bullet would go right through you fuckin ' head . ( continued ) 148 . continued : ( 2 ) colin watch what happen . billy what , you think you be gonna get the parade ? the bagpipe and bullshit ? fuck you . ( safeties the gun ) I be arrest you . colin that 's the stupidest thing you could do . billy shut up , shut up , shut the fuck up . ( hit he ) I do not give a fuck if this charge do not stick . ( whaling he in the beat ) but I be still fuck arrest you . colin be hammer to he knee . head down , blood in he hair , drool blood , think ( impossibly ) about he next move . he seem to realize he 's fuck . billy ( cont 'd ) [ you be what you do .] get up . ( colin do not move . ) I say get the fuck up . billy grab the back of Colin 's collar and put the gun to Colin 's head . a crunch of gravel , off . billy and colin both hear it . brown put down the weapon and step away from sergeant Sullivan . billy drag colin to he foot and use Colin as a shield aim the pistol at : brown . Brown be aim he weapon . billy I call you . you specifically . you know who I be . I be not gonna shoot . I tell you to meet I downstairs . colin help I . ( continued ) 149 . continued : ( 3 ) billy realize he 's in a truly shitty situation : appearance be everything . brown put the weapon on the deck and step away from sergeant Sullivan . colin ( a mess , bloody - mouth ) shoot the fuckin ' prick . billy ( desperqte ) where 's dignam ? I tell you to bring dignam ! colin shoot the motherfucker ! brown put the weapon on the ground and we will discuss it . billy he be costello 's rat . I get evidence . tape . other document . brown maybe you do , but right now I need you to drop the weapon . billy I tell you I have get the evidence cold link this prick to costello ... ( brown waver ) you fuckin ' know who I be . I be take he downstairs now . brown , weapon ready , follow into the elevator lobby . int . elevator lobby / elevator . day billy move colin into the elevator and as the door close look back at brown , still in a mexican stand -off . colin , nose break , blood mask he face . colin I can not wait for you to try to explain this to a Suffolk County grand jury . this be gonna be fun . ( continued ) 150 . continued : the indicator tick . down , down , down . Colin sob . colin ( cont 'd ) just fuck kill I . billy I be kill you . the door open and for a freeze moment billy , hold the gun on colin , stare out of the car . a loud bang . billy be shot through the head . blood spray the wall , and colin be hit by fly blood and matter . billy fall , crumpled , on he face , half in and half out of the elevator . the door try to close ...open ... colin , cover with blood , look up . barrigan lower he pistol . colin slump , cover with blood . barrigan uncuff he . colin feel he wrist . barrigan pick up billy be gun . the other elevator door open and brown emerge . he look into the bloody elevator and down at the dead man . brown ( holster he gun ) shit ... barrigan raise billy gun and shoot brown in the head . colin stare at he . barrigan do you think you be the only one he have ? costello be go to sell we to the FBI . it 's you and I now . we have to take care of each other . you understand ? colin all right . give I that . barrigan casually hand colin billy gun . colin press the gun against barrigan 's forehead and fire . ext . the commercial build . day police tape , plenty of car . Three corpse be load onto ambulance . colin , hand free , be drink coffee from a paper cup , be check out by a doctor . int . police hq / conference room - not much later ( continued ) 151 . continued : colin have be clean up a little by paramedics . he 's maybe have he lip stitched , but he 's still wear he bloody clothes . colin at that time , trooper barrigan , who I now understand to have be Francis costello 's informer in siu , intercept we in the lobby and shot trooper William costigan once in the head . ( drink water ) at that time barrigan retrieve trooper costigan 's undercover weapon and shot trooper Brown as he be approach we location . I attempt to subdue trooper barrigan and in the ensue struggle be strike several time with the walther pistol . I be able to wrestle the weapon away , at which time barrigan draw he own weapon and take aim at I . I be able to get off a single shot , strike barrigan in the head . I then check for vital sign of trooper Brown and costigan and discover that they have expire . colin look up , eye clear , perfectly believable . as we transition to the funeral ... bagpipe come up . colin ( cont 'd ) I would like to go on record that I be recommend trooper William costigan for the Medal of merit . on SOUND bagpipe ( something like " Cross of Fire " ) as we dissolve to : ext . cemetery . day billy gravesite . the same cemetery as he mother be bury in . uniformed policemen ( not only State , but mdc , the way they do it , for " brother officer " ) , salute . madolyn be at the gravesite , dry -ey though in , distinctly apart from colin . he look at she . she look away from he , apparently forever . ( continued ) 152 . continued : colin square off : he job in the world be to get ahead . a salute be fire with rifle . but later ... colin and madolyn be walk through the grave . colin what about the baby ? she move away from he without answer . madolyn walk out through the cemetery gate . colin hesitates . int . the stairway of colin' apartment . evening colin have a bag of expensive grocery and wine . live the beacon Hill dream . he climb the step slowly . he nod to a neighbor , a old lady come down with she dog ( who incidentally will never accept he as a neighbor , and colin briefly seem aware of this ) . ( do not be afraid to get a bit french here ) . he get to he door , and start to cry , and nearly crumple . but he get the door open . he look up and see a gun . behind it , step fast out of the shadow , dignam . avenge a guy he do not even like , because it 's the right thing to do . colin look down and see that dignam have plastic hospital boot on he foot . colin ( accept it , sort of , but only in a colin way ) ok . dignam fire . flash grocery fall all over the floor . dignam' feet step over colin 's body , crush one of a half dozen croissant , and dignam go down the expensive staircase , leave the door to the apartment open . the strangest thing happen : a rat emerge and begin to eat the dead man 's croissant . the rat hear something and run so it 's not in the shot when it freeze .