the revenant written by Mark L Smith base on the novel by michael punke September 26 , 2007 revenge be a act of passion ; vengeance of justice . - Samuel Johnson base on a true story fade in : ext . upper missouri river /1820's - evening angle on a single cottonwood leaf ... brown and crisp ... cling to its empty branch ... the solitary sign of life on a otherwise barren tree . a gust of wind ... the leaf break free ... flutter down , landing in the slow current of the Missouri . the last leaf of the fall , take its final journey south . as it float along the surface , rise and fall with the current , all we can hear be the river 's gentle movement ... the trickle of water ... the splash of timid rapid ... until distant voice invade this world ... soft at first , but grow louder ... laughter ... singing . and then we leaf crash into a wooden board ... the bow of a boat . we hear the voice even clearer ... men' voice , as we rise up the bow ... see it 's a flatboat beached on a sandbar at the center of the river . Beyond the flatboat be the voice ... twenty men of the Rocky Mountain fur company , make camp along the shore ... haul wood , building campfire , pitching square of canvas for makeshift rooftop . and this camp be full of life because this be some of the first man to ever see this untouched wilderness ... man with a whole new world just wait for they to claim they share . ext . camp - evening captain andrew henry , ( late 20' ) , dress in a buckskin jacket with long fringe ... thick belt pull tightly around he waist with two pistol and a knife hang from it . he stand out among the other ... like a imposter pretend to be a member of some exclusive club . he pull off one of he glove ... examine the blood -filled blister lining he palm . from across the camp , JOHN fitzgerald , ( 40' ) , solid and thick ... dark eye of a killer , watch Henry . he nudge mace boone , ( 40' ) , a thief in a previous life . fitzgerald likely get a splinter . can not figure what to do without mama here to pull it out for he . boone chuckle ... spit in Henry 's direction . 2 . boone need a doc , Captain ? Henry look up ... see fitzgerald and boone grin at he . he slide he glove back on . henry Gather more wood . fitzgerald wait for Henry to turn , then give he back a exaggerated salute . fitzgerald ( under he breath ) shame my pap be a break down drunk . else he could have buy I a Captain 's job too . boone snicker . fitzgerald stomp he boot onto a branch , easily snap it into two easy - to - carry piece . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) we get a plan for this fire , Captain , or be we roastin ' berry all the way up to Fort Union ? henry Glass and the other will be back with some game , fitzgerald . just make sure you have the fire ready . fitzgerald my supper 's in the hand of a hermit nigger , a kid and a dummy . Hell , my belly feel full already . fitzgerald 's boot crack another branch ... and when it do , we hear the explosion of a gunshot . CUT to : ext . wilderness - evening and a cloud of smoke surround the long barrel of a anstadt rifle . the smoke fade , and at the other end of the rifle we see the face of hugh glass , ( 40' ) , African - american , one eye still close , as the other calmly stare down that barrel . voice ( o.s. ) shit fire , you get he , Mr. Glass ! 3. Glass lower the rifle , as pig gilmore , ( 30' ) , fat and filthy , race past . pig ( cont 'd ) Square as a barn door . jim bridger , ( 17 ) , young eye that have already see a lot , nod to Glass as he follow pig . Glass watch pig and bridger trot through the tree to a fall elk . Glass walk calmly after they , graceful in this world ... he rifle so comfortable in he hand it 's like he be bear with it there . pig crouch over the dead elk ... grin up at Glass . pig ( cont 'd ) right where you say he would be . bridger but bigger than we figure . gonna be a load to haul back to camp . pig have to split it up I reckon . glass yep . bridger will take the tail , and pig you haul the rest . and fitzgerald be right about pig be a little slow , because he just nod ... pull out he knife to cut the tail off for bridger . bridger and Glass exchange a smile ... until Glass notice something ... step over the elk , he eye lock on the ground beside it . he run a finger over the dirt ... touch a break twig . bridger another one close by ? Glass do not answer ... study the track ... feel the nearby brush ... inhale the scent from he hand . bridger and pig watch he ... exchange a confuse glance . and then in a flash of movement , Glass be on he foot , racing away . pig Hugh ? Glass just keep run . pig and bridger chase after he . CUT to : 4. ext . camp - evening the man building fire ... laugh ... enjoy themselves . boone on the outskirt , gather branch . CUT to : glass - tearing through the wood ... ... dodging tree ... leaping over fall log ... load he anstadt as he run . bridger and pig - chasing after glass ... ... but not as gracefully . pig trip ... slam to the ground ... scramble back to he foot to continue on . CUT to : boone - carrying a armload of wood into camp ... ... see other man play card . he stop along the edge of camp , drop the wood to the ground . boone no rule say I be the only one that 's gotta gather this shit . the other man do not even notice . then a arrow whizhes through the AIR from behind boone ... thwack ... it hit he in the back of the neck ... erupt out the front of he throat . boone stand freeze ... confuse ... reach up and grab the bloody arrow ... finally drop to he knee . and that 's when a trapper look up ... see boone on he knee , hold that arrow , he mouth open like a die fish . and beyond boone be forty arikara warrior charging through the tree ... feather rising from the mohawk splitting there shave head ... face painted for battle . trapper ` ree ! whoosh ... a arrow sail into the trapper's chest , send he fly backward . the camp explode into chaos ... man yelling ... grab for weapon ... stumbling over each other as they duck behind tree . 5 . henry - pulling the pistol from he belt ... ... take aim at the attack figure . the arikara pour into camp , arrow fly ... knife and hatchet swinging . and this be a massacre ... the arikara wading through the trapper ... stabbing ... clubbing ... scalping . this once peaceful world be fill with a sicken mix of war cry and scream of death . fitzgerald rise up from behind a log ... aim he rifle ... boom ... take down one of the warrior . he start reloading as another warrior charge he ... draw back he knife . fitzgerald pour the powder , but know he be not go to make it in time ... the warrior leap toward he ... ... boom ... it 's like the warrior hit a invisible wall ... fly back to the ground , very dead . fitzgerald spin ... see Glass and he anstadt right behind he . glass get to the boat ! fitzgerald take off ... flip he rifle around , swing it like a club across a warrior 's head ... whack ! glass ( cont 'd ) ( to henry ) the boat , captain ! Henry shove a trapper toward the water . a arrow drive into the trapper 's leg ... he go down . Henry lift the man to pull he into the river , but several more arrow bury in the man 's back ... he fall limp . Henry fire he pistol , drop the warrior . bridger and pig join Glass ... splash into the river , shoot back at the attack arikara . the water deepen , and they start swim toward the flatboat . arrow hiss into the water all around they . Glass be still in the shallow ... aim he pistol ... bam ... shoot a oncoming warrior ... spin after the other man ... join they as they near the flatboat . a final trapper charge down the shore behind they . several warrior pursue he . trapper wait ! 6 . he aim he pistol over he shoulder as he run ... pull the trigger ... click ... pull it again ... click . but he 's too scared to stop he finger ... click ... click ... click ... thud ... as a hatchet bury in he back . he crash face first into the shallow . the arikara leader , ( elk tongue ) , animal bone braid into he mohawk , a necklace of human ear around he neck , straddle the die man . elk 's tongue grab the trapper by the hair , and cut off he left ear , then hold it up to Glass and the other , as he scream he war cry . Glass and the man shove the flatboat off the sandbar ... start scramble aboard , as arrow dart past they ... drive into the wooden boat . suddenly a warrior explode from the water ... tackle bridger as he climb up the side of the flatboat ... jerk he back into the river . bridger flail in the water ... watch the warrior raise he hatchet high to slam down ... just as Glass slam the butt of he anstadt into the back of the warrior 's head . the warrior collapse under the surface . Glass grab bridger 's hand ... drag he up onto the deck . bridger thank you . but Glass be already go ... firing back at the arikara , as the current carry they away . voice ( o.s. ) hey ! pig look over the side ... see a frantic william anderson grip to the edge . pig pull he onto the boat . fitzgerald and Glass grab longpole ... shove they against the river 's bottom to pick up speed . Henry stand on deck , watch as elk 's tongue yank a dying trapper 's head back by he hair to peel away he scalp . Henry drop he eye ... can not watch . the trapper's scream echoes over he . ext . missouri river / flatboat - later quiet and dark ... the battle long over . the flatboat float with the gentle current . the nine surviving trappers be scattered around the deck ... 7. Glass digging a arrow out of wallace murphy' shoulder ... fitzgerald pole on one side with Anderson on the other ... stubby bill vance and pig stand patrol with they rifle ... bridger doctore a badly wounded trapper ... and Henry stand at the front of the flatboat , stare off blankly . fitzgerald what 's the plan , Captain ? Henry 's still lose in that scream . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) Captain ! what the hell do we do now ? Henry snap out of he stare ... turn to the man ... obviously do not have a answer . anderson we be just floatin ' farther from Fort Union . Henry 's eye instinctively look to Glass . glass the Missouri 's no good . not if the ` ree 's run it . fitzgerald so we just float the hell down to Mexico or wherever else this river take we ? glass we get ourselves safe outta range , then track another course up . fitzgerald add week to the trip . bridger better that than endin ' up scalp on the side of the river . fitzgerald ( shove he away ) shut up , kid , you do not get no say in this . bridger start to respond , but fitzgerald 's angry glare stop he . 8. fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) ( back to Henry ) and in case you have not notice , Captain , we be twelve man short of what we be . ( off the badly wounded trapper ) thirteen before long . henry I understand we situation , Mr. fitzgerald . we do like Glass say ... put some distance between we and the arikara , then chart a course to Fort Union . fitzgerald mumble under he breath ... roll that dark eye to Anderson . Glass give Henry a nod . ext . missouri river / flatboat - night angle on the badly wounded trapper ... now dead ... ... as hand push the body over the side of the boat . it splashes into the water ... float downstream . we pull back ... see that the flatboat be beach along the bank of the river . Glass and pig watch the body drift away . pig reckon it 's better `an lettin' the ` ree find he ... take he ear ... slice what 's leave all to shit . Glass nod ... step down off the boat to Henry and the other . they be gather around a map spread out on the ground . Henry run he finger along a thin blue line . henry so we hike west to the Grand , then follow it up to Fort Union . fitzgerald on foot ? you get any idea how long that 's gonna take ? it will be winter before we get there . anderson unless we come across a post ... trade for some horse . 9 . glass no post that far out . fitzgerald so if we do this , we do every step with we own foot . henry we make camp here for the night , then load supplies and head out for the Grand at first light . ( beat ) and gather extra blanket `cause there will not be any fire . more grumbling from fitzgerald and Anderson , as they move toward the cover of tree . bridger walk up beside Glass . bridger thank you ... for what you do back there . glass you would have do the same for I . bridger nod ... he hope so . ext . wood - night pig on watch ... sit at the base of a tree , rifle across he lap , eye wide , scan the darkness . all clear . he peer back to camp ... fitzgerald , Anderson , stubby Bill , and Murphy wrap in blanket ... pass a bottle of whiskey around . bridger across from fitzgerald , poke at the dirt with a stick . Henry be off to one side , still study that map . Glass sit against a tree , clean he anstadt rifle . fitzgerald watch Glass a beat , then ... fitzgerald you treat that anstadt sweeter than any woman , Glass . stubby bill never see a woman that could stop a ` ree from three hundred foot . anderson I know a particular big-breasted redhead in Boston that might come close . 10 . the other manage a small laugh . Glass just keep work on that rifle . fitzgerald bring it over here for I to have a look . Glass do not look up ... wipe a rag down the barrel . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) do you hear what I say , boy ? still nothing from Glass . and fitzgerald do not like that ... the tension 's grow . bridger ( mumbling ) you see it before . fitzgerald turn that mean , drunken glare on bridger . fitzgerald what would you say , kid ? bridger hesitates a beat ... until the other men' eye force a response . bridger ( softly ) I say you shoulda already get a look when he save you with it earlier . the camp fall still ... nobody talk to fitzgerald like that ... especially when he 's drunk . there be not a sound except for Glass work methodically on he rifle ... ... until the swish of blade over leather , as fitzgerald tear the blade from he belt ... fling it into the dirt between bridger 's leg ... a inch below he crotch . fitzgerald stare at bridger , dare he to react . but bridger 's too scared ... do not , so fitzgerald just smile . fitzgerald you be lucky you be not a man yet . ( off the blade ) else that mighta nick somethin' . a few nervous chuckle from the other , hope this be over . and it be , because fitzgerald reach over and pull the knife away ... clean the dirty blade on bridger 's leg . 11 . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) and unlike you , I do not need savin ' by he or nobody else . remember that . fitzgerald stand ... wobble just a bit . he slide the knife back into he belt , then steady he drunken gaze on Glass . the other exchange nervous glance ... uh - oh . fitzgerald walk to Glass ... snap he finger for Glass ' anstadt . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) lemme see what 's so special `bout that shooter of yours . nothing from Glass , so fitzgerald grab the barrel , but Glass hold firm . glass Middle of workin ' on it . fitzgerald well you can stop workin ' on it , and let I have a look like I say . fitzgerald give another tug , but Glass ' grip only grow tighter . his eye roll up to fitzgerald ... make it clear he be not give up he rifle . and they hold that stare just as hard as they be hold Glass ' rifle . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) you forget you place ? glass best I can tell , my place be right where I want it ... on the smart end of my rifle . fitzgerald realize the barrel he 's hold be aim right at he stomach , while Glass ' hand seem suddenly very close to the trigger . but fitzgerald 's pride and that whiskey will not let he lose this tug of war . fitzgerald I would be careful if I be you , boy . and this thing 's about to turn real ugly ... until ... henry that 's enough , fitzgerald . go sober up and get to sleep . ( more ) 12 . henry ( cont 'd ) if you be pass out when we break camp tomorrow , I leave you here . fitzgerald hold he glare on Glass , then release the rifle , shove it back at Glass . he glance to Henry , and throw back a big gulp from the bottle just for spite , before back away from Glass . fitzgerald that 's the trouble with this part of the world . no mirror . niggers forget what color they be . Glass ignore fitzgerald ... go back to he rifle . fitzgerald toss the bottle at Anderson , then jerk he blanket up ... walk off to sleep by himself . Glass glance up from he work ... just long enough to give bridger a nod . ext . camp - later fitzgerald sleep off that whiskey . the other snore in a cluster at the center of the camp . Henry lie there awake ... look across to Glass , still sit against the tree , a handrawn map in he lap , as he eye pierce the darkness . Henry ease over to Glass . henry can not sleep either ? glass never like closin ' my eye when I be not sure who will be standin ' over I when I open `em . henry I keep think about boone and the other ... how maybe I should have have we make camp further up river . glass the track I see ... that ` ree have be tailin ' we for a while . they would have go as far north as it take . ( beat ) you be a good man , Captain . soon as you realize that , this other will too . Henry like hearing that ... still be not sure it 's true . 13 . henry you year trappin ' and guidin ' out here ... have you have much experience with the arikara ? glass enough to try and stay outta they way . henry ( motion to Glass ' map ) but you know this country well enough to get we past they ... up to Fort Union ? glass I be here a long while . whether that get we to Union or not ... Henry wait for more ... do not get it . so he just nod and start back to he blanket .... stop . henry what fitzgerald say earlier ... he do not speak for the rest . glass he be not wrong . Truth be that 's what I prefer about this country ... it 's get no eye for the color of a man 's skin . henry ( beat ) try to get some sleep , Hugh . Henry climb back under he blanket . Glass just sit there look at the map . angle on glass ' map ... ... primitive at best . sketched mountain ... wind blue line for river ... small dot be scattered about with name beside they ... " brazeau " , " Talbot " , " Union " . and dozen of triangle pine tree have be draw , represent the endless wilderness . we tighten on that triangles until we be lose in they . dissolve to : 14 . ext . wilderness - day thick with tree . Henry lead the man single file through the wood . they each have a canvas sack of supplies over one shoulder , and they rifle in they hand . the only sound be they foot crunching the dry leave , and even that seem too loud as they eye dart about , search for any sign of attack . stubby bill should not we have hit the Grand by now ? henry we will reach it soon enough . Glass say to keep this course . fitzgerald Glass say . too bad I do not see he . pig that 's on account he 's up ahead makin ' sure it 's clear , and you get to keep you ear . fitzgerald throw pig a angry glance . fitzgerald or he 's run off and leave we . bridger he would not do that . fitzgerald grunt ... do not believe that . fitzgerald my bet , that nigger 's use to runnin ' . ext . wood - day Glass move slowly through the brush , almost glide ... subtle twist and turn to avoid branch and leave ... careful not to leave he scent behind . and he eye cut through the tree as he move ... digging for any sign of movement . he spot something at he foot ... crouch down , run he finger over the SMALL animal track in the dirt . 15 . o.s. rustling snap he head up ... to the trembling of bushes ... grow harder ... whatever 's in there be come toward Glass . he calmly raise he rifle ... press the stock firmly against he shoulder ... close one eye as he take steady aim down the long barrel ... ...to the shape rumbling out of the brush ... two bear cub playfully wrestle . Glass lower the anstadt ... look past the cub for something else ... but the wood be empty . a sudden fear fill glass ' eye ... ...he spin ... right into the giant grizzly swinging its paw at he ... hit he across the side of the neck . the animal 's razor claw tear into Glass ' throat , as the force send he fly through the air . Glass sail into a thick tree ... the crack of he leg snapping against the trunk . the rifle fall from he hand . the Grizzly let out a massive roar ... charge Glass . Glass crawl to the anstadt ... grab it ... have just enough time to tilt the rifle toward the bear ... boom . CUT to : henry - hearing the blast . henry up ahead ! Henry take off at full sprint . the other man follow . CUT to : glass - as the bear leap on top of he ... ... toss Glass aside with a powerful swing . Glass hit the ground with a painful thud . he start crawling away , pull the knife from he belt as the bear rise up like a giant behind he ... swing ... tear its claw across Glass 's back , shredd deep into he flesh . Glass be fight for he life now ... flail with the knife ... slice it across the bear 's paw as it whip past he . the wound slow the bear enough for Glass to start crawl again . but the Grizzly do not give Glass the chance ... roar ... be on he in a flash , a blur of claw and fang ... tear across Glass ' head ... rip into he face ... he chest . 16 . Glass drive he knife into the bear again ... deep ... try to tear through the layer of flesh to something more vital . CUT to : henry - leading the charge through the forest . CUT to : glass and the grizzly - fighting this epic battle ... ... lock in a death grip ... tumble along the ground ... trading violent blow ... Glass ' blade versus the Grizzly 's claw and fang ... snap small tree as they roll over they ... toward the edge of a steep embankment ... ... and roll down ... spin over and over ... each roaring at the other ... Glass pound the knife into the bear again and again as they fall ... neither willing to surrender as they careen down the slope at a dizzying pace , then slam to the bottom with a crunch . and the forest fall still ... Glass hide somewhere beneath the massive animal ... both deathly motionless . ext . wood - day bridger 's the first to reach the battleground ... see the two frightened bear cub scurry away . he follow the bloody ground and crush underbrush to the top of the slope ... look down to the mass of flesh at the bottom . bridger Christ almighty . Henry , pig , and the other reach the edge . henry Glass ! no answer . and all they can see be the bear , so they scan the tree . pig hugh ! still nothing . so bridger take off down the slope ... lose he balance but roll back to he foot . he reach the bear ... see glass ' mangle arm sticking out from beneath it . 17 . bridger he 's down here ! bridger use all he strength to push the bear off , as the other man scramble down . but bridger can not budge the massive carcass ... not until stubby Bill and pig join in ... shove the animal over , revealing the bloody mass that be Hugh Glass ... ...his throat be tear wide open ... scalp peel back from just above he eyebrow , hang off the skull ... stomach and chest a gruesome design of gashes and cut . his right leg be snap , the jag bone jutting out through the skin . bridger 's leg give out ... he drop to a knee and vomit . murphy oh , Jesus . stubby bill he 's tore to piece . the man stare down at Glass ' corpse . anderson least he take that grizz down with he . fitzgerald wished he 'da do it without fire he rifle . if there be not no ` ree around before , there will be now . and that 's all pig can stand ... he tackle fitzgerald ... they roll to the ground . and in a flash fitzgerald be on top , raining punch down on pig ... turn he face into a bloody mess . Henry and Anderson grab fitzgerald ... drag he off . henry that's enough ! then somehow , glass gasp ... this horrible , guttural moan . bridger Holy Christ , he 's alive . Henry and bridger fall to they knee beside Glass . Glass look up at the man , try to focus through the blood and pain . his breathe be just a gurgling wheeze ... bubbles form along the deep gashes in he throat with each gasp . 18. henry get I some water . stubby Bill toss Henry he canteen . Henry empty it over Glass ' throat ... he face and scalp . the water hit the wound and immediately transform to blood . bridger oh , Jesus ... Jesus . Glass lift a tremble hand to he throat ... feel the gape wound . his eye widen in horror . he cough ... the air splashes blood up from the open wound in he throat . henry it 's okay , Hugh . ( push Glass ' hand away ) you be go to be fine . Henry spin he head away from Glass . henry ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I need some rag before he bleed out . pig whip a shirt from he bag ... shred it . henry ( cont 'd ) and you whiskey . pig toss a bottle to Henry . Henry pour it over the gashes . the burning pain arch Glass ... he cry out in that same horrific moan . henry ( cont 'd ) hold he down , bridger , goddammit . bridger throw he weight against Glass ' shoulder . henry ( cont 'd ) the rest of you spread out ... scout a circle around we . fitzgerald , you and Anderson take west and north . Murphy and Mike south and east . watch for anyone that might have hear that shot . and for the first time , Henry seem like a leader of man ... firm ... in complete control ... just as Glass say he would be . so the man hurry off to they position . 19 . pig what about I , cap ? henry get down here and help I tie off this wound best we can . pig shakily join Henry in wrapping the wound . the blood keep seeping out , soaking the rag . pig it will not stop bleedin' . henry shut up , pig. ( to glass ) we be fix you up , Hugh . Glass be like a shred rag doll ... daze eye stare up at they as they work on he wound ... wrapping the rag around he throat ... lay he scalp back over he skull , and tie another rag around it and under he jaw to hold it in place . bridger wipe the blood from Glass ' face . bridger it 's gonna be fine , Mr. Glass . Henry glance down to the puddle of blood spilling out over he knee ... ooze out from beneath Glass . henry Roll he over ... easy . they gently push Glass onto one side , revealing deep , jagged , gashes run across the width of Glass ' back . Henry stare at the open flesh , ready to panic again ... but he do not . instead he look to pig . henry ( cont 'd ) get I the kit . we need to stitch he back up . bridger what about the rest of he ? henry he 's lose more blood back here . ( off the throat ) and I do not know what to do with that yet . 20 . pig dig out a thick needle and spool of black thread ... hand it to Henry . Henry grab the whiskey bottle . henry ( cont 'd ) I be sorry for how this be about to burn , Hugh . Henry pour the whiskey over Glass ' back . and the pain must be excruciate , because Glass let out a horrible wail . CUT to : ext . wood - continuous fitzgerald and Anderson stand watch together in the tree . Glass ' scream erupt through the tree , and they both immediately crouch down to a knee ... out of sight to anyone out there that might have hear that . anderson they be torturin' the poor bastard . fitzgerald and riskin ' gettin ' we kill in the process . proper thing would be to end it for he quick . anderson ` less he could pull through . fitzgerald you see what that grizz do to he . shit , Glass will be dead inside a hour . we all will be if he keep screamin ' like that . ext . wood - later series of shot henry , bridger and pig working over glass ... bridger and pig press Glass ' scalp down , as Henry slide the needle and thread through the skin , suture the wound . henry cleaning glass ' shredd throat . bridger and pig holding the scream glass down as henry snap glass ' leg back in place . 21 . fitzgerald peering back through the tree ... to Henry doctore Glass . fitzgerald shake he head in anger ... turn back to the darken forest . ext . wood - evening Glass rest unconscious on the ground . two branch act as a splint on he leg . a blanket cover he body ... he face be like a swollen , disfigure , frankenstein 's monster ... stitches of black thread hold it in place . Henry crouch a short distance away from he , rinsing he hand under a canteen . bridger and pig stand beside he . bridger what now ? henry we wait . do he have any kin you know of ? pig he keep to hisself . never mention none . henry go get the other . tell `em we be make camp here for the night . pig start hustling away . henry ( cont 'd ) and gather some wood , but make sure it 's dry . we do not want much smoke when we cook that grizzly . angle on the massive bear ... ... lie dead on the ground , its claw and fang soak with blood ... Glass ' blood . dissolve to : ext . wood - night and what 's leave of the grizzly ... its fur cut away ... slab of flesh butcher from its skeleton . a fire burn at the center of camp ... a chunk of meat roast above the flame . the man sit around the fire ... 22. Murphy reach up ... tear a strip of meat from the roast , toss it in he mouth . the man be silent ... the pall of Glass ' attack still hang over they . bridger rise ... walk to the Grizzly ... crouch down over it , grab the animal 's enormous paw . it dwarf he own hand , as he examine the claw . bridger pull out he knife ... stretch the claw out to its full length , and cut it off at its base . fitzgerald ( o.s. ) what make you think you earn a claw ? bridger turn with a start ... see fitzgerald stand over he , meat in he hand ... he lip shiny with the grease . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) you do not take that grizz down . bridger it be not for I . bridger stand ... walk over to the sleep Glass . pig 's already crouch beside he . bridger lift Glass ' small leather possible bag from beside the anstadt rifle ... drop the claw inside ... throw a look back to fitzgerald . pig hold he palm out just above Glass ' mouth . pig I can feel some air outta he mouth . maybe Captain seal up he throat proper , huh ? ( off bridger 's silence ) whatta you figure he odd be , Jim ? bridger stare down at what 's leave of Glass . bridger Long . ext . wilderness - morning the sun peek over the horizon , send a orange glow across the treetop . ext . camp - morning angle on glass ... 23. ...unconscious but alive ... he raspy breath be weak and staggered . the shadow of men hover over he ... ... because Henry and the other surround Glass , stare down at he . murphy what that bear do to he ... I do not expect he would last this long . anderson I see a fella go a week once after a lion jump he . fever finally finish he off . stubby bill whatta we do , cap ? a long beat , then ... henry we give he he chance . Henry turn and walk away . ext . camp - night the fire have burn down to nothing . the man sleep scattered about . Murphy stand just outside of camp , rifle ready , keep watch . Glass lie there awake ... eye wide open ... a live corpse . and he breathe be just as labor as before ... raspy , blood - soak strain . fitzgerald toss and turn , listen to Glass ' gurgle . fitzgerald you be not doin ' he or we no favor , Captain , lettin ' he suffer that way . Henry 's awake , but do not answer . he 's hold he pistol in he hand , as he stare at Glass ... think the same thing fitzgerald just say . but he do not move ... not yet . fitzgerald angrily wrap a blanket around he head , muffle the sound . bridger sit beyond he ... smile at fitzgerald 's misery , as he attaches the bear claw to a thin leather strap ... a necklace . 24 . ext . camp - morning bridger kneel over a shivering glass , hold wet rag on he head . pig and Henry stand over they , watch . fitzgerald , Anderson , Murphy and stubby Bill sit huddle across camp . anderson fever 's hit . wo not be long now . fitzgerald I see a bad one drag on day . angle on glass ... ... eye open ... he can hear every word . fitzgerald ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) inside shut down ... flesh start to spoil and turn . ai not no way for ... henry ( o.s. ) quiet , fitzgerald . fitzgerald ... ... point a stick at Glass . fitzgerald ( to henry ) we keep sittin ' here watchin ' he die , only give the ` ree more chance to find we . Henry do not answer ... just keep stare down at Glass . bridger he 's burnin ' , cap . Water turn to boil as soon as it touch he . Henry consider this , then ... henry pig , take Anderson and scout ahead . Grand should be just west of here . find we the best route . fitzgerald tryin ' to buy Glass time do not make sense for the rest of we , Captain . 25 . henry ( to pig ) get movin ' . pig nod ... grab he gear . he and Anderson take off out of camp . Henry turn ... walk over to fitzgerald and stubby Bill . henry ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) you two can start digging a grave . fitzgerald toss the stick away . fitzgerald least it 's a step in the right direction . ext . camp - later fitzgerald be cover in dirt and sweat , stand knee deep in Glass ' grave . stubby Bill stand over he . fitzgerald any coyote dig that deep deserve the meal . he take stubby Bill 's hand ... pull himself out . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) Glass will not know the difference no way . pig and Anderson walk back into camp . pig found it , cap . right where Glass have we head . anderson no more than a mile or so out . Henry look to bridger , still doctore Glass . henry we could build a litter . haul he with we . anderson it 's rocky and steep goin' . Henry look to pig for a honest answer . 26 . pig marshy and thick on the other side . we could try it , but ... pig shake he head . fitzgerald I sign on as a trapper , not a goddamn mule . bridger ( to henry ) shape he 's in ... I do not see no way he would make bein ' drug . Henry nod , he mind racing for a solution . and before long , he hand be back on that pistol . he pull it from he belt . the other man all drop they head ... except for fitzgerald ... he 's ready to see this end . Henry stare down at Glass . henry Lay that rag over he eye , Mr. bridger . bridger but , Captain . henry do it . bridger hesitates , then reach to fold the wet rag down over Glass ' wide open eye . and Glass must know what 's happen , because he eye roll up to bridger 's ... he lip try to form a word ... he hand dig its finger into the dirt beside he . CUT to : glass ' Pov - on bridger ... ... the boy look away as he pull the rag over we eye ... everything go black . henry ( o.s. ) step clear , Mr. bridger . a long beat in the dark , wait for that gunshot , then ... back to scene 27 . Henry stand over Glass ... pistol aim down . his hand tremble slightly . pig turn away ... press he hand over he ear . bridger take a few step back ... stare at Henry . Henry struggle to steady he aim , until finally it calm ... because he 's think of something else . henry ( cont 'd ) there 's a seventy dollar bonus from the Rocky Mountain fur company to the two man that stay with Glass ... see this through . then give he a proper burial . bridger I will stay with he ... money or not . pig same here . henry I can not let you stay back , pig . without Glass , I will need you to scout . Henry look to the other ... they all drop they eye ... not interested . henry ( cont 'd ) just need one more . fitzgerald two will not stand much chance against a party of ` ree , Captain , and seventy dollar will not buy I a new setta ear . henry a hundred then . still nothing from the other . bridger they can have my share too . I owe Glass that at least . fitzgerald that case I will hang back with the kid . I do not mind fallin ' a day or so behind for two hundred . 28 . henry but Glass be to be care for until . understood ? fitzgerald ( motion to bridger ) I will let the young doctor do he job . Henry hesitates ... do not like this , but know it 's the best option leave . henry the rest gather you gear . bridger reach down ... lift the rag from Glass ' face . they eye meet ... bridger give Glass a nod . ext . camp - later Henry and the other be load and ready to leave . pig bend down over Glass . pig I will see ya at Fort Union , Hugh . Glass 's glaze eye focus on pig . he move the only thing he can ... blink a " yes " back at he . henry ( to fitzgerald and bridger ) as long as necessary . bridger I will look after he . Henry turn ... lead the man into the tree ... toward the Grand ... toward Fort Union . ext . camp - night what 's leave of a small fire be nothing but smolder ash . bridger crouch beside Glass , pour a thin stream of broth between he lip . fitzgerald reach in ... grab Glass ' anstadt lean against the tree . fitzgerald I will take first watch . 29 . bridger not with he rifle . fitzgerald trust I , kid , he be not gonna be needin ' it tonight . fitzgerald disappear into the tree . ext . wilderness - day pig stand on a ridge , scout a course . he wave back to Henry and the other . they start toward he . ext . camp - evening Glass conscious on the ground ... that same labor breathe . CUT to : glass ' Pov - on fitzgerald ... ... smile down at Glass as he grab the anstadt , hold it ... run he hand down the barrel , as comfortable as if it be he own . fitzgerald you be right to protect this . then he disappear ... and we be leave alone , stare up at the branch above we ... the evening sky ... accompany by Glass ' deathly breath . dissolve to : ext . wilderness / creek - day bridger kneel beside the stream , fill canteen . ext . camp - day fitzgerald sit bored against a tree , twist a knife in he hand ... flipping it point first into the dirt ... grab ... repeat ... twist ... flip ... thwack . and as he do , he eye be lock on Glass . 30 . finally , fitzgerald snap the knife from the dirt , stand , and walk over to Glass . Glass be asleep . fitzgerald crouch down over he ... eye he red , infect wound . fitzgerald ( whisper ) when be you gonna die , boy ? fitzgerald reach out with the blade ... gently touch one of the thread hold Glass ' throat together . and when he do , glass ' eye fly OPEN ... focus on fitzgerald . fitzgerald do not even flinch ... just hold that knife tip there against Glass ' throat . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) I be nearly a week behind Henry 's bunch on accounta havin ' to tend to you . be easier on we all if you would take that last breath . the two man hold a stare ... until fitzgerald pull back the knife ... grab a bloodstain rag from beside they ... ball it up in he fist . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) I could help ya with that if you would like . muzzle ya right now ... end all this sufferin ' quick and easy . nobody would ever know you give up . fitzgerald move the rag over Glass ' nose and mouth ... hold it there , just inch above . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) you just gimme a blink if you want I to do it . Glass lock he eye on fitzgerald 's ... both man unblink . a drop of blood hang from the rag ... finally fall ... land on Glass ' lip . fitzgerald almost smile , wait for the inevitable ... as Glass stare back , fight the urge to blink . suddenly bridger 's hand clamp down on fitzgerald 's shoulder . fitzgerald spin ... startle . bridger ( o.s. ) what 's goin ' on ? 31 . fitzgerald jump with a start , see it 's bridger , and be piss that bridger scared he ... and interrupt he business . he rise quickly , plant he meaty hand in bridger 's chest , and slamming he back against a tree . fitzgerald do not you ever question I , you little piss -ant . bridger try to fight back , but fitzgerald 's too strong ... hold he press against the tree ... slam a heavy elbow into bridger 's mouth , split he lip . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) I would just as soon leave both you and you nigger here to rot . ` cept killin ' you be not worth givin ' up you share . ( leans closer ) but that do not mean I can not be coax into changin ' my mind . fitzgerald shove he away ... bridger stumble and fall . fitzgerald toss the bloody rag at he . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) and I be just doin ' you job ... cleanin ' he up . fitzgerald grab Glass ' anstadt , almost dare bridger to say something . of course bridger do not . fitzgerald walk toward the tree . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) why do not ya pour some more broth down he throat ... keep he alive another week so we can fall farther back . end up walkin ' all the way to Fort Union on we own . ` ree would love to poach on just two . ( turn to bridger ) I promise ya , you will look a helluva lot worse than Glass when they be do with you . bridger watch he disappear into the tree ... wipe the blood from he lip with a tremble hand . dissolve to : 32 . ext . wilderness - night from high above the tree . the world be silent ... peaceful ... until several startled crow shoot up from the treetop . CUT to : black ... ... the sound of frenzied breathing . fitzgerald ( v.o . ) ( panicked whisper ) bridger ! get you ass up ! dim light fill the frame ... then fitzgerald's face right in front of we . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) ` ree . bridger - scramble up from under he blanket , wiping the sleep from he frightened eye . bridger what ? fitzgerald keep quiet . I be down at the creek ... there 's twenty of `em at least , comin ' this way . bridger oh , shit . whatta we do ? fitzgerald we run . now . and fitzgerald 's just whisper , but it 's with such power that bridger have no response ... watch as fitzgerald gather he bag , start throw in food and supplies . bridger be scared out of he mind ... do the same ... grab for he rifle , rest near Glass . bridger freeze ... in he panic , he would forget all about Glass . and now the wounded man' eye stare up at he ... understanding perfectly what 's happen around he . bridger what about Glass ? 33. fitzgerald he 's on he own , same as we . bridger I can not leave he . fitzgerald then I be talkin ' to a dead man . Glass give bridger the slight of nod ... go . but bridger 's freeze ... do not know what to do ... until fitzgerald shove he back to life . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) move . Glass reach out a weak hand out for he anstadt ... claw for he weapon . bridger start to hand it to Glass , but fitzgerald grab it first . bridger what be you doin ' ? he need that . fitzgerald he could not hold it if you tar it to he hand . Glass strain to hold out he tremble hand for he gun . bridger it 's he goddamn rifle ! that 's all he 's get ! fitzgerald and more than he will need . fitzgerald scoops up Glass ' knife as well . bridger we can not leave he with nothin' . but fitzgerald be already sprinting away ... disappear into the tree . Glass stare after he , he once - calm eye suddenly fill with a rage . and bridger 's freeze again , lose between duty and fear ... until finally , he just shake he head and take off into the tree . Glass 's empty hand fall back to the ground ... he try to yell out in anger , but he throat explode in pain . his hand dig into the dirt ... pull he over onto he side . he flop over to he stomach ... gasp in pain ... 34 . then use he one good arm , drag himself over the dirt , he healthy leg push weakly at the ground , try to propel he forward ... a futile chase after fitzgerald and bridger ... ... inch by inch ... farther than he 's be in day . but it 's still only a few yard , and now he lie in the open ... a clear target for the arikara . then he spot that hole ... the grave fitzgerald dig for he . he grunt into action ... grab several , thin broken branch from the ground , then claw forward , each movement excruciate ... until finally , he reach the hole , and roll into it ... land with a painful crunch . he rest there a moment , try to regain any ounce of strength . finally he fight through the pain ... shove the branch back up ... spread they across the hole as camouflage ... a thin veil , but all that Glass have . he lie there defenseless ... inside he own grave . hiding ... listen for the arikara 's arrival ... wait to die . CUT to : glass ' Pov - out of the grave ... tight and claustrophobic ... just the night sky through that branch ... and the SOUND of he painful breaths . dissolve to : ext . wilderness - morning cold and grey . fitzgerald crouch beside a small fire , warming he hand . whisp of smoke rise into the sky . fitzgerald we run the better part of six hour . have to gain some ground on Henry and they other . bridger sit at the base of a tree , not listen ... stare ... he mind replaying the desertion of Glass over and over . he notice the smoke . bridger best douse that smoke before they ` ree spot it . fitzgerald we put enough distance between we and they . and it 's too damn cold to go without one . 35 . bridger all we know , they hoof it through the night same as we . fitzgerald ( shake he head ) a dozen ` ree can not make the time we two do . bridger look back to the tree ... then consider something , stare at fitzgerald a beat , before ... bridger it be twenty earlier . fitzgerald what ? bridger when you wake I ... you say you would spot twenty ` ree . fitzgerald a dozen ... twenty . I be not in a mood to count feather . Hell , one ` ree woulda be too many . fitzgerald empty he canteen over the fire , kill the flame . bridger stare at the water pour out . bridger what be you even doin ' down at the creak in the middle of the night ? ( beat ) I would already bring plenty a water . fitzgerald do not answer . bridger tighten he grip on he rifle ... slowly rise . bridger ( cont 'd ) answer I . fitzgerald do not start questionin ' I on accounta you feelin ' guilty `bout leavin ' you nigger buddy behind . bridger muster up all the courage he can ... aim he rifle at fitzgerald . bridger answer I or I blow you damn head off ! 36 . fitzgerald stare back at bridger and he rifle ... eye take in everything ... a snake size up its prey . then fitzgerald stand ... take a step toward the boy . fitzgerald what be you askin ' ? why it be you turn you back on Glass ? why you let he die to save you own sorry skin ? ( beat ) ` Cause you be scared shitless , that 's why . bridger the ` ree ... do you see `em ? ( off fitzgerald 's silence ) did you see ` em ? fitzgerald ( moving closer ) not a one . bridger cry out ... start to pull the trigger , when fitzgerald 's hand flash out , grab the barrel , and shove the butt back into bridger 's face ... thwack . the force of the blow knock bridger back to the ground , but fitzgerald hold he grip on the rifle barrel ... flip it around to aim it at the boy . blood drip down bridger 's head as he stare up at he rifle point down . fitzgerald 's finger tighten on the trigger . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) so that there be the answer to you question . and fitzgerald pull the trigger ... and bridger squeezy he eye shut in fear ... then click . bridger open he eye ... see fitzgerald sneering down at he . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) and the next time you aim to kill somebody , kid , best remember you gun will not fire without a flint . fitzgerald toss the rifle back at bridger , and turn away . bridger 's face flush with rage and humiliation ... he charge fitzgerald from behind ... tackle he to the ground ... start pound fitzgerald with punch . a few of they land , but it 's only a moment before fitzgerald be back in control ... head - butting bridger off of he ... 37 . toss he away , then kicking bridger in the stomach ... again . he grab he knife ... be ready to finish bridger off ... ... but fitzgerald be smart enough to know that out here , two be safer than one ... even when one be just a kid . he start walk away . bridger I be goin ' back for he . fitzgerald Far as we run all night , you could not find Glass with dog and a map . and I do not believe you really want to . ` Cause after leavin ' he to die the first time , I doubt he would be too happy to see you now . fitzgerald dig at the dirt with the knife ... cover the fire 's remain . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) and just so we be clear . if you try to backtrack without I knowin ' , or ever get so guilty you feel the need to tell somebody . fitzgerald look at bridger ... hard ... evil . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) I will have no choice but to gut you from nut to nose . fitzgerald stare he point home , then shove the blade into he belt , and stand . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) now let 's go . bridger wipe the blood from he face , then throw one last glance behind he before follow fitzgerald . ext . camp - morning empty and quiet ... no sign of life ... until glass ' hand rise between the branch . his finger dig into the earth , pull himself up from the hole ... a dead man climb out of he own grave . he roll out to the ground ... arch in pain when he back hit the cold , hard surface . 38 . Glass lie there shiver , regain what little strength he have , then roll over ... start drag himself again with that one good arm . he make it to the blanket ... wrap it around he . Glass rest there in the center of camp ... unable to move ... he eye scan the surroundings ... no food ... no water ... and he 's wide open in this clear ... a easy target for any predator . so he grab he possible bag and gunpowder horn , and drag himself toward the cover of brush . and every movement take all the will Glass have ... a push with he good leg follow by a pull with he healthy arm ... inch by inch ... foot by foot ... sweat pour down he face as he finally reach the cover of the tree ... continue on ... drag himself across the forest floor in a desperate , hopeless crawl for survival . but finally it 's too much for Glass ... the fever and pain overwhelm he . he collapse ... fall unconscious . ext . wilderness - day Glass lie in the dirt , weak ... dehydrated ... starve . he look at he hand ... scratch and bloody from claw he weight . he unwrap he small , leather possible bag ... dump it to the ground , revealing it content ... flint , a straight razor , he map , and a leather necklace with the six - inch bear claw attach . Glass grab the razor ... cut several thin strip from the blanket , and wrap they around he hand . he shove the rest back in the bag , and do the only thing he can do ... start crawl again ... push with he healthy leg ... pull with he good arm . ext . wilderness - later Glass drag himself up a steep slope ... over rock ... the jag edge catch the wound ... tear the primitive stitching . the gashes rip wider ... blood ooze down , leave a crimson trail drip down the rock behind he . ext . wilderness - night the wind be howling through the tree . Glass lie beneath a cluster of brush ... shiver ... bleed . every aching breath create a puff of smoke in the cold , night air . 39 . ext . marsh - day thick with a sea of four- foot high cattail ... like miniature cornstalk . look down from above the marsh we see a two - foot wide path of crush plant that reach the center of the marsh , and stop . we tighten on the end of the path , until we see Glass lie among the cattail . he 's saw off one of the stalk with the straight razor ... peel away the husk , and eat the tender flesh beneath . mosquito move in cloud around he ... over he face ... arm . but Glass ' injure body only allow he one action at a time , so the mosquito have they fill of he , as he gnaw on the cattail . ext . wilderness - day Glass pull himself along the ground ... stop to tear a few berry from a plant , and shove they in he mouth . he flinch as he swallow . he start to move again , but freeze ... listen ... rushing water . Glass dig he finger into the ground with new energy ... pull himself toward the sound ... up over a ridge ... and there it be at the bottom of the ridge ... ... the grand river ... water . Glass crawl down toward it . ext . grand river - day Glass drag himself to the river 's edge , cupping handfuls of water and rub it over he parched lip ... withstand the pain to gulp it down . as he do , Glass notice a fish hover in the shallow beside he . he make a desperate grab for the fish , but it dart easily away . Glass cup more water to he mouth , but with each drink , he feel the water leak from a hole in he throat ... run down he neck . he lean out over the surface to check he reflection ... barely recognize the swollen , stitched - together , disfigure face stare back at he . he fight off the urge to vomit ... pull the razor from the leather bag , and cut more strip of blanket , soaking they in the river , then clean he wound . 40 . he run a finger up to he shred throat ... around the open , wet hole . he cup another handful of water to he mouth ... strain to swallow , then feel the liquid gurgle out of the hole . Glass shove the cloth against the wound ... try to press the flesh together ... no good . he dump out he possible bag ... stare at the meager content . he pick up one of the flint ... look to the powderhorn . ext . grand river - later angle on a SMALL clump of dried grass ... ... as Glass SPARKS one of the flint ... ignites the grass . as the fire grow , Glass pour a handful of gunpowder from the horn , and rub it all over the hole in he throat . he lift several small blade of burn grass ... a miniature torch . and only then do we realize what he 's about to do ... because he stare at the flame a beat , then raise it toward he gunpowder - cover throat . the flame near the black powder , and leap off the grass , ignite the powder , and setting glass' neck on FIRE . Glass fall back to the ground in agony ... tries to scream , but he burn , shred vocal chord will not allow he . the gunpowder sizzle and burn ... the flame spread ... Glass ' flesh sear ... melt . and the pain be too much for Glass ... he pass out . ext . grand river - night angle on glass ... look dead beside the river , but we know he 's alive because we can hear that same painful , raspy breath . and then we hear something else ... a o.s. rattling , grow louder ... faster ... buz ... until Glass ' eye flash open . CUT to : glass ' Pov - on a rattlesnake coiled inches from he face . Glass stare back in horror ... have time to throw up he arm in protection as the snake strike ... sink its fang into he forearm . 41 . he shake it free , but can not escape the snake 's next strike ... lock its jaw onto Glass ' burn throat . Glass open he mouth to scream . CUT to : ext . grand river - day and Glass ' eye fly open in the glaring sun , as he awaken from he nightmare ... look to he arm ... no snake . his hand instinctively jump to he melt throat . no bite . but that 's when he hear it ... we all do ... that same rattling from he dream . Glass slowly turn he head toward the sound ... ... and there 's a rattlesnake coiled just a few foot away . only it be not poise to attack Glass . it 's face the other way , its target a field mouse , trap against a rock . the snake attack , sink its fang into the mouse . the field mouse tumble over ... quiver as the poison run through its body , then die . as Glass watch the snake begin to make a meal of the mouse , he hand grip a rock . he drag himself toward the occupy snake ... raise the rock high , then smashes it down on the snake' head . Glass immediately pull the razor from he bag , and slice off the rattlesnake 's head , the field mouse still lodge halfway inside . Glass then drag the razor down the length of the snake ... dig he finger under the fresh seam , then peel the outer layer down off the rattler . with the skin still hang off the round tube of flesh , Glass bite into the snake , tear off a chunk of meat . he gobbles it down , slow only to painfully swallow the food past he injure throat . ext . grand river - later angle on the remains of the snake ... ... the head , skin , and not much else . glass - at the water 's edge , drink ... touch he char , melt throat ... no leak . he open he possible bag ... pull out the grizzly claw necklace ... stare at it a beat , then slip it over he head . 42 . he drag out the map ... spread it on the ground , then throw a glance around he ... finger the point on the blue line ... a rough guess of he location . angle on the map ... ... Fort Union at the top ... hundred of mile north . Fort brazeau south ... but not nearly as far away . Glass gaze north up the Grand , as if he can see fitzgerald and bridger just ahead of he . then he look back down to he reflection in the water ... batter and scar . he look to he leg ... all but worthless for now ... he one good arm . it 's clear he 's not ready to take revenge on anyone . so Glass shove the map back into the bag ... tie it around he arm with the powderhorn and blanket , then grab a thick , fallen log , and roll it into the river . Glass crawl in behind it ... deeper , until the current grow strong enough to carry the weight of he mangle body downstream . Glass drape he healthy arm over the log , and start float ... let the river do the work . he watch the land move past he faster than it have in day ... and without all the agony of every move . ext . grand river - day winding through the open prairie . Glass hang onto the log ... float with the gentle current . ext . grand river - evening the sink sun cast a orange glow over the water . Glass float downstream ... past a herd of elk graze along the riverbank . the animal do not even notice he . ext . grand river - night Dark ... the moon hide behind cloud . a heavy mist hang over the river . Glass be drape across the log , eye close ... let the slow current carry he south . but then he eye open ... because he hear something ... a low rumble . Glass look to the river bank ... too foggy to see anything clearly . the rumble grow louder . he peer ahead ... too dark to see much ... just another splintered log float in front of he , its one jag branch rise up in the air . 43. but then the log vanish . Glass squint through the fog , scan the surface . but it 's go ... the water 's empty ... that low rumble grow even louder . Glass look to the water beside he ... a branch glide past at a higher speed . and now Glass know what 's come , but it 's too late ... because the world suddenly turn upside down , as Glass tumble over the edge of a twenty foot waterfall . he spiral downward ... crash into the rush current . he 's wash forward with the suddenly violent rapid . they pull he under the surface , then toss he gasping back out . the river carry he blindly through the mist ... toss ... turn ... slamming he into a huge boulder ... crack ... he spin off , sweep away headfirst ... the foam water suck he down the rocky gauntlet . he tumble over more boulder ... he possible bag snap loose ... Glass make a grab for it , but be suddenly flip down another set of fall . the possible bag be lose in the raging river . Glass sink beneath the surface , then float back up , as the rapid calm ... spit Glass to the gentle shallow . his body drift face - down toward shore . and just when we be sure Glass have to finally be dead , he arm reach up from the water ... he dig he finger into the muddy bank , and drag himself out of the river . Glass collapse unconscious to the ground , he body shroud in that mist . ext . grand river - day tight on the left side of glass ' face ... the right still press into the muddy bank . the sun beat down ... then shadow appear ... bounce across he ... something be stand over Glass . and then a vulture's head drop into frame ... ... latch its beak onto Glass ' cheek ... tug at it ... stretch it . Glass ' eye pop open ... we pull back to see three vulture surround Glass ' body , peck and claw at he batter wound . 44 . Glass swing he good arm , knock one of the vulture away . he try to cry out , but only that primitive hiss erupt from he throat . the vulture dance away from he flail ... be not willing to give up they meal so easily ... dart in for quick attack on he flesh . Glass grasp a branch ... swing at the bird , beat they back . the vulture give up the battle ... fly away . Glass crumble back to the ground ... squint up into the sun ... the silhouettes of the vulture circle above he ... wait for he to die . Glass look down to he wound , again ooze blood . he glance around ... see a ridge just a few hundred yard away . at the base of the ridge , a giant boulder have break free , create a partial cave . Glass start crawl toward it . and if it 's possible , he look even closer to death now than when he start this journey . ext . cave - day no more than ten foot deep , but enough to hide from predator . Glass drag himself as far back in the recess as he can ... collapse against the rock wall . int . cave - day Glass gather loose stick and grass into a small pile ... begin sparking rock together to build a fire . int . cave - later the fire burn beside Glass , as he tear a single thread of cloth from the tatter blanket , then feed it through a tiny hole in a jagged , needle - size sliver of sharpened rock ... a man-made needle and thread . Glass go to work on the open wound of he chest ... pierce he skin with the rock ... wince with pain as he tug the thread through the fresh hole in he skin ... pierce the other side of the wound , then pull the flesh tightly together ... before repeat the excruciate process all over again ... pierce ... pull ... pierce ... tighten . 45 . ext . grand river - night the moon 's glow reflect off the water . int . cave - night angle on glass ' hand ... ... hold a small sharp stone , and scratching letter into the cave rock wall . we pan down to the ground ... still listen to the scratching of the rock as we glide across the dirt ... reach the fire ... its flame warm and strong . we tighten on the FIRE , until we're inside it ... and then we pull back ... ... and we see the fire have long die away ... just black ash . the o.s. scratching have silence . we glide back across the cave floor ... to Glass unconscious on the ground . and above he on the wall , we see what he have be scratch ... " robbed and leave to die by fitzgerald and bridger . if find eether kill for Hugh Glass " we hold on that word a beat , then ... dissolve to : ext . grand river - day drop of rain dot the surface . thunder rumble ... the rain grow heavier . ext . cave - night rain pour ... gully of water run down the ridge , spew over the mouth of the cave . but inside , Glass do not stir ... lie there just as we last see he . ext . grand river - day rain come down in bucket . the river 's raging . ext . wilderness - night Cloud drift across the moon ... the storm have end . 46 . ext . cave - day sunny and clear . a rabbit hop along ... stop for a moment outside the cave . Beyond it , Glass be still sprawle on the cave floor ... he must be dead . the rabbit continue on past . int . cave - day tight on glass ' face ... as he eye flutter open . he stare straight ahead , unmove . ext . cave - day Glass crawl out of the crevice ... shield he eye from the sun , as he take in the scene . the river have sink back to normal , leave the bank batter and muddy . the water be thick and brown with all the flood earth it pull up . Glass use all he strength to rise up to he knee , then higher ... onto he healthy leg . he brace himself against a tree . he 's still crooked and hunch over , but for the first time since the Grizzly attack , he look more like a man than a animal . he bend down ... pick up a broken tree branch . ext . grand river - day Glass limp along the bank ... beside the brown water stir up from the flood . he move along the wash - out area , search for food ... grab some plant ... tear they from the ground to chew on the root . he continue on ... spot a dead snapping turtle drown in the flood , freeze on its back . Glass kneel down to pick up the turtle ... sniff it . as he do , he spot something across the river ... a deer , stare back at he . Glass slowly raise he imaginary rifle ... take careful aim at the deer ... pull the trigger . if only he have he anstadt . but then the deer 's head snap ... to something beyond Glass . Glass follow the animal 's eye ... turn to the ridge ... and the five arikara warrior stand at glass ' cave . Glass drop flat to the ground behind a tree uproote in the flood . he look back across the river ... the deer be long gone . 47 . Glass inch he head up over the tree ... to the warrior now crouch outside the cave ... study the track . Glass ' eye jump to the soft dirt along the river ... he footprint clear ... a obvious trail lead right to he . he throw a glance around ... nowhere to run even if he could . so he start back into the river on he stomach ... foot - first ... drag a small branch over the track around he , wiping they away as he move . and he eye be lock on the arikara ... watch to see if they spot he . but they have not yet , and Glass keep slide backward ... five foot off shore ... only three foot deep in the murky water and sludge . but if he go any further , the current will catch he ... pull he into the next set of violent rapid ... and make he a clear target . the arikara follow the track down from the cave . Glass sink neck - deep into the water ... the arikara keep come ... near the river . so Glass drop beneath the surface . CUT to : underwater - and Glass ' eye spread wide ... search the muddy water . he grab a large rock ... roll onto he back , and place the rock on he stomach , its weight hold he firmly to the river bottom . ext . grand river - day angle on the arikara warrior ... follow Glass ' track to the edge of the river ... look out over the brown river . CUT to : underwater - Glass press he head back against the bottom ... stare up through the cloudy water ... to the five shadow stand only a few feet away . ext . grand river - continuous the arikara ... unknowingly stand just above Glass ... look back to the track ... scan the water . but the surface be empty , and the river 's too thick with mud to see anything below . 48 . but they keep look ... and we be wait for Glass to explode from the river , gasp for air . but he do not ... and they keep scan for what seem a eternity , until finally , the warrior turn ... start walk back up the path . behind they , Glass ' face inch to the surface ... pull in some oxygen ... watch as they fade into the tree . then Glass roll the rock away ... start move deeper into the river ... fight the current to grab rock and boulder ... pull himself to the other side . ext . wilderness - day Glass limp through the tree , still drip with the muddy water of the Grand . ext . wilderness - later Glass be on he knee , desperately grab for a tiny field mouse . the rodent escape into a hole . Glass claw at the ground after it . he 's starve to death . ext . wilderness - night the rain beat down through the tree . Glass huddle in a cluster of bush , try to stay dry ... shiver in the cold . he reach out from the cover , grab he moccasin boot stand in the rain . he pull it in ... slurp back the rainfall that it 's catch . ext . prairie - evening Glass limp slowly across the roll prairie . he 's weak ... starve ... be not go to make it much further . he drop to he hand and knee . and then he feel something ... the ground almost tremble under he hand . he watch he hand quiver with vibration . a rumble build . Glass strain to hear ... look to the crest of a hill ... labor up the gentle slope toward the sound . ext . prairie / hill - evening Glass reach the crest ... look over the other side to a herd of BUFFALO thundering across the prairie . 49 . a incredible site ... hundred of massive creature ... they hoof tear up the earth , leave a cloud of dust behind they . behind the herd , a pack of wolve fight over a fallen BUFFALO . Glass lie in the high grass , watch the wolf snarl and SNAP over the remain . and he eye that buffalo ... the close he 's be to food in day . ext . plain - night the five wolf rest around the down buffalo , they snout bloody from the meal . suddenly , one of the wolf ' head snap up ... bare its tooth ... snarl . and then we see what the wolf be growl at ... Glass ... limping out of the shadow toward the animal , hold a burning sage BUSH in each hand ... like giant flaming hand claw in the night . the wolf jump to they foot , unsure of what 's approach . they growl at Glass . but Glass keep come ... do he best to yell ... more like growl back at the wolf . he swing the flame brush , toss glow spark through the air . the wolf spread out , instinctively surround Glass . but Glass singles out each one ... charge , wave the flame ... drive each wolf back . four of the wolf back away , but the leader hold its ground ... even move toward Glass ... only a few foot away ... snarling ... bloody jaw ready to attack , but still not sure what its up against . Glass shake the flame at the wolf ... it snap at glass ' arm . Glass swing the other ... slam the fiery plant across the wolf 's head . the wolf yelp ... leap back ... start to run away , but turn back ... make another charge at Glass . but Glass be ready ... throw the flame ball of sage at the wolf , then club it with the other . the animal 's fur begin to burn . the frighten wolf have have enough ... roll on the ground , then spin to join the rest of its pack . they run a safe distance , then stop ... keep a watch on Glass . 50 . Glass drag the burn sage bush along the ground , ignite the grass and brush ... create a foot-high flame wall between he and the wolf . he stretch the flame into a circle , a fiery ring surround the fall buffalo . the wolf have see enough ... turn ... race away from the flame . as the grass around he burn , Glass drop the sage plant ... attack the buffalo remain , tear away bloody chunks of flesh from the carcass , and shove they into he mouth ... a starve animal that 's finally find food . ext . prairie - night from high above the prairie ... Glass and the buffalo at the center of that glow ring of fire . ext . prairie - day the wind 's gust ... bend the high golden grass over on its side . Glass move slowly across , pull he collar up to shield he face from the cold wind . he spot something in the distant sky ahead ... a thin line of black smoke . Glass pick up he pace ... hope spurring he on . ext . burned arikara village - day the char , skeletal remain of a tribe 's village ... just black post where tee-pee once stand ... a half - burn log lodge still smoke , send that black line into the sky . Glass limp through the graveyard of structure ... all sign of life in this village long go . he search a basket ... pull out a blanket ... wrap it around he shoulder . int . lodge - day Glass step into the smoky warmth of the lodge ... black and empty . he slide down to the floor ... unwrap strip of roast buffalo from what 's leave of he blanket . he start to take a bite , when something dart past the doorway to the back room . the o.s. shuffling of feet . Glass freeze ... he be not alone . he rise ... grab a splinter post like a spear ... ease toward the doorway ... raise the post to swing ... 51 . ... and see the SMALL puppy stand in the back room . the dog take off around a crumble wall . Glass follow it . int . lodge / back room - continuous Glass limp across the room ... turn the corner of the crumble wall ... and see the dog slide to a stop beside a ancient arikara squaw , huddle in the corner , she bony arm outstretch in front of she in weak defense . and she eye be solid white ... the old woman be blind . she cry out a chant over and over ... she death chant , as she wait for this stranger to kill she . Glass stand freeze ... confuse . he try to speak , but he throat still will not let he . he crouch down in front of the old woman ... reach for she hand , but she flail he away . he grab she again ... gently ... just hold it until she calm ... study the woman ... she hollow face all skin and bone ... she 's obviously die . he pull the strip of buffalo meat from he pocket ... push it into the squaw 's hand . she immediately jerk it to she mouth ... and that 's when Glass see the woman have no teeth ... she can not eat . Glass turn to a old pot tip over on the floor . ext . burned arikara village - day Glass carry the pot toward a nearby stream . the dog scurries out behind he ... follow Glass to the water . int . lodge / back room - day the pot boil over burn log . Glass dip a cup in , pull out a warm broth . he carry it to the squaw , still sit in the corner ... take she hand , place the cup in it for she . she gulp the liquid back . Glass go back to refill the cup . the old woman mumble something we can not understand ... over and over , as Glass bring the cup back to she . he try to ease it into she hand , but the woman push it away ... slide she hand up Glass ' arm to he face ... patting it ... mumbling that same word ... thanking Glass . 52 . ext . burned arikara village - evening Glass carry several blanket toward the lodge . the puppy trail behind he , bite at one of the corner ... hang on as Glass pull he across the dirt . int . lodge - evening Glass enter the back room with the blanket ... stop when he see the old woman slump over to the floor , she white eye freeze open in a lifeless stare . ext . burned arikara village - night Glass have stack several burn post into a crude pyre at the edge of the village . the squaw lie atop the pyre , cover in the blanket he gather for she . Glass stand beside the pyre , a flaming torch in he hand . the puppy rest at he foot . ext . distant ridge - continuous three indian sit on horseback , watch Glass light the pyre ... the flame rise into the night . ext . burned arikara village - night Glass crouch ... pet the dog , as he watch the flame spread ... engulf the woman . angle on the glowing ember ... ... float into the night . Beyond the spark , we see something else ... that three indian galloping toward the village ... fast . and now Glass see they too ... know it 's too late to run , so he just stand there . but the dog 's see enough ... dart away . Glass watch the Indians ride into the village ... they braid hair and dress be different than the arikara we have see earlier , because this be sioux warrior , and Glass know it . the sioux surround Glass on horseback ... stare down at Glass . the lead warrior ( spotted horse ) , ( 30' ) , poise and strong , point to the flame pyre ... say something to Glass . 53. Glass try to answer ... can not ... touch he scar throat . spot horse slide gracefully off he horse . the other two warrior , ( three feather and running fox ) do the same ... close in on Glass . Glass stand firm . spot horse say something else to he . again , Glass touch he throat ... hold he jacket out from he side ... no weapon . spot horse study Glass hard ... reach out , wiping he finger down Glass ' cheek , almost testing to see if the color come off . one of the other warrior pat Glass ' hair ... smile ... say something to the other . spot horse and the other warrior join he , each touch Glass ' hair . then spot horse spot Glass ' necklace ... the grizzly claw hang from it . he examine the enormous claw , then nod to Glass ' stitching and scar . spotted horse griz-lee . Glass hear the familiar word ... nod . Three feather pull a white speck from the back of Glass ' neck ... hold it up to spot horse . spot horse jerk out he knife . Glass be confuse ... hold up he hand , as he take a step back . but Three feather and running Fox grab Glass ... secure he ... pull he jacket down off he shoulder , expose he shirt , as spot horse walk around behind Glass ... raise the knife ... Glass growls a plea ... but spot horse slice the knife down Glass ' back ... just cut open he shirt ... and revealing a Mass of white worm ... maggot ... covering the deep gashes on glass ' back . the three warrior exchange glance ... they have obviously never see anything like this . Glass see they reaction ... throw a nervous glance ... what ? Three feather run he hand across Glass ' back , drag a handful of worm for Glass to see . as Glass ' eye widen in panic , spot horse slam the butt of he knife against Glass ' head . Glass drop to he knee ... make a daze grab for spot horse ... miss ... and spot horse hit glass again . Glass tumble unconscious to the dirt . spot horse say something to the other ... they grab Glass ' limp arm ... drag he toward the horse . 54 . ext . sioux village - night dozen of glow campfire dot the prairie , along with a sea of tee-pee , they willow pole fan against the night sky . Animal hide and paint design decorate the various tee-pee and lodge . sioux child laugh and play about the village ... freeze when they hear spot horse and the other rider splash across the stream . the warrior ride into the village , Glass ' body toss over the back of Three feather 's horse . the child race to they . angle on glass ... regain consciousness ... eye blink ... try to focus . CUT to : glass ' Pov - from the back of the horse ... ...to the child 's eager face swarm around he ... study this strange face . spot horse - yelling something at the child ... they back away from Glass ... fall into line behind the rider . sioux men and women watch as the procession move past ... to a tee-pee set away from the rest ... its hide wall decorate with wild lightning bolt and buffalo and vaguely human figure circle the sun . a old medicine man , gnarled and leathery , a dead raven tie in he long hair , he naked chest paint with red and black stripe , step out of the tee-pee . he eye Glass , as Three feather and running Fox carry he inside . suddenly , the Medicine man begin chanting . CUT to : a flurry of image accompanied by the medicine man be v.o. chanting ... leather strap snapping around glass ' wrist and ankle ... stretch tight . Glass , naked , on he stomach at the center of the tee-pee , he arm and leg outstretch , secure to wooden stake in the ground . the white worm cover he back . 55 . the Medicine man ... chanting ... wave burn stick in the air . a thick liquid boiling in a pot ... the Medicine man 's twisted hand reach a gourd container in ... fill it with the steaming mixture . the liquid pouring over glass ' back . glass ' face ... arched to the sky ... twisted in horrible pain . he scream that horrible growling cry . more image ... even faster ... the chanting more frantic ... a sioux woman , ( waki ) , stare down . hand wiping a GREEN sludge over Glass ' neck ... chest . the Medicine man dance ... chant ... shaking stick line with rattlesnake tail . the moonlight shine through the tee-pee , illuminate the image of the buffalo and dance shape . waki gently pour fluid into Glass ' mouth . the Medicine man hold the severe head of a snake ... lightly sink the fang around the wound on Glass ' throat . glass ' eye ... wide open ... roll up white into he head . and the chanting stop ... the world go dark . ext . yellowstone river - day cut through the open prairie . snow - cover peak touch the sky in the distance . fitzgerald and bridger trudge they way across the prairie , dress in fur . they rise up a steep slope ... reach the top , and spot the cluster of log building inside a massive thirty - foot tall wooden fence . Fort Union . bridger smile ... relieved . fitzgerald ` Bout goddamn time . they start down the slope . fitzgerald grab bridger 's arm ... firmly . 56 . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) and we be understand on everything ... Glass ' dyin ' in he sleep ... we buryin ' he like be agree . bridger do not respond . fitzgerald do not like that . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) you be as guilty as I in leavin ' he . do not you forget that . you get a future up here . no sense tossin ' it away when he be as good as dead already . shit , all we do be skip the funeral . bridger pull he arm free ... continue on . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) I will not take to givin ' up that two - hundred on accounta you gettin ' weak -kneed . bridger keep walk . fitzgerald follow behind . int . fort union - day like a small town surround by a log wall . the main trading post build be busy ... trappers , sioux , all with thing to trade . but most of the life be in the fort union SALOON next door ... crowded with customer downstairs , and just as busy in the whore ' room upstairs . a small village of tent rest off to the side of the building , hold the overflow of traffic . int . SALOON - day fitzgerald and bridger enter the crowded room ... squeeze they way to the bar . fitzgerald twice the folk here than when we leave . bridger we should go see Captain Henry . fitzgerald Far as we hike ... we get time for a drink on the company 's tab . 57 . pig ( o.s. ) Jim ! they spin ... see pig , Murphy and stubby Bill sit at a table . pig scramble up ... rush to bridger , lock he in a big bear hug . pig ( cont 'd ) you make it ! I be scared the ` ree mighta catch up to ya . fitzgerald if you fat ass could get through , we do not have no worry . pig glare at fitzgerald ... watch he walk to the table , join the other . pig ( off fitzgerald , to bridger ) have to be a helluva long walk for you . bridger nod ... pig have no idea . pig ( cont 'd ) Hugh ? bridger hesitates a beat , then just shake he head . pig ( cont 'd ) guess we all know how it would turn out . do he suffer much more ? another long beat , then ... bridger I hope not . a prostitute walk down the stair ... stop on the landing , wait for she next customer . fitzgerald spot she ... grin . fitzgerald ( to bridger ) maybe we best go see Henry , kid . I just get a itch to spend the first of my two-hundred . the other man laugh . not bridger . 58 . int . rocky mountain fur company office - day Henry sit at he desk . fitzgerald and bridger stand across from he . the other ... pig , Anderson , Murphy , and stubby Bill crowd the room behind they . fitzgerald I will not pretend to be he friend , but I respect any man that fight the way he do . henry and the grave ? fitzgerald we have that extra day so we go deeper ... cover it in rock . to keep the scavenger off he . henry any sign of hostile ? fitzgerald not a one . the word be like a punch in the gut to bridger . he can not take the pain ... open he mouth to speak , but fitzgerald beat he to it . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) Truth be , I be worried `bout ` ree , and ready to get movin ' , but bridger here argue to stay and make a cross for the grave . bridger 's head snap to fitzgerald ... do not make this worse . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) so that 's what we do . pig reach up ... give bridger a pat on the back . but to bridger , it feel like a red-hot blade . henry glad to hear you pull you weight , Mr. bridger . I know you would . fitzgerald more than he share , Captain . 59 . and now fitzgerald have snare bridger into he lie . bridger drop he eye to he foot . henry speak of share . Henry turn to a safe rest against the wall . fitzgerald watch as Henry spin the dial ... lock in the combination , then pull the latch . the safe door swing open ... ... revealing stack of cash . fitzgerald 's eye lock on all that money . Henry pull out a handful ... start count they out onto the desk . henry ( cont 'd ) be I to assume the agree arrangement do not change ? fitzgerald fortunate for I , it do not . henry well thank you both for you courage and honor . you have do yourselves proud . fitzgerald swipe up he pile of bill . Henry drop a couple bill in front of bridger . henry ( cont 'd ) you be owed something for what you do . bridger stare down at the bill a beat , then snatch they ... push he way out of the office before he might have to look someone in the eye . fitzgerald he 's beat hisself up most of the trip ... wishin ' he 'da do more . henry we all see the shape Glass be in . there be no more to be do . fitzgerald that 's what I be tellin ' he . 60 . int . bunkhouse - day empty , except for bridger curl up on he cot , squeezing that crumpled bill in he hand , cry . dissolve to : int . tee - pee - day Glass sleep under a buffalo robe . his eye flicker open . CUT to : glass ' Pov - on the BUFFALO and dancing figure design shadowed through the tee -pee . glass - his hand reach up to he throat . it look much better than we last see . and the stitches be go from he face , now just long , pink scar . he stiffly raise himself up ... remember he back ... struggle to reach behind he ... scar but clean ... no maggot . he look beside he ... see buckskin pant and shirt rest on the ground ... wait for he . ext . tee - pee - day angle on glass ... dress ... push he way out through the flap of the tee-pee ... limping out into the midday sun , and shield he eye . he look like a man that have not see the light of day for week . Glass adjust to the brightness ... stare in wonder at the scene . and then we see what Glass be look at , and understand he reaction ... the entire village be blankete in snow . the sioux villager move about , wear heavy skin and fur . a women be o.s. voice turn Glass ... ...to waki , the woman from the image , walk toward he , bundle in fur . she say something else we can not understand ... point to Glass ' foot . Glass look down ... to he bare feet buried deep in the snow . he have not notice . and then waki smile ... a sweet , pretty smile . she take he hand ... lead he back into the tee-pee . 61 . int . tee - pee - continuous Glass and waki enter . she pull a pair of moccasin from a basket ... hand they to Glass . he slip they on , then press he finger against he throat ... almost try to hold it all inside to make it work , then ... glass ( scratch and rough ) thank you . waki do not understand ... just raise a cup of liquid ... say something , then touch he throat ... motion for he to drink . Glass sip the drink ... grimace ... shake he head , try to give the cup back , but waki refuse ... point at he throat , and motion for he to drink . Glass stare in the cup a beat , then gulp it back ... shake he head . glass ( cont 'd ) bad medicine . waki smile ... hand he he bear claw necklace . Glass nod in thanks , then achingly lift he arm up to slip it over he head . glass ( cont 'd ) how long have I be here ? waki just stare back ... no idea what Glass say . glass ( cont 'd ) you be sioux . I only know a bit a pawnee . Glass stumble through a sentence of pawnee . waki shake she head ... throw a jumble of sioux back at he . glass ( cont 'd ) the snow ... my healin' . ( point to himself ) me. ( point to the ground ) here . how long ? waki shake she head again . Glass lead she outside . 62 . ext . sioux village - continuous Glass point to the sun overhead , then raise both hand , finger outstretch . glass how many sun ? ten ? waki study Glass ... the sun ... begin to understand . she nod ... say a word ... hold up all ten of she finger . glass ( cont 'd ) ten sun ? then waki close she hand into fist ... open they again ... close they again ... say a different word . glass ( cont 'd ) Christ . Glass glance around ... for the first time , notice sioux men and women stare at he . Children freeze in the middle of they play ... all eye lock on Glass . two SMALL boy , ( new moon and little one ) , repeat the same two word to each other ... boy tatanka wicasa . ...over and over . Glass stare back , unsure . then ... spotted horse ( o.s. ) buff - a-lo man. Glass turn ... see yellow horse step out of a tee-pee . spot horse ( cont would ) ( very break english ) what they call you . ( point to Glass ' hair ) fur of buff-a-lo. Glass touch he hair ... nod ... smile . the child smile and laugh now too ... repeat the word louder . glass you speak English . spotted horse need word when trade with white . 63. glass well I be grateful for you bring I here ... havin ' they care for I . ( off spot horse 's nod ) now if you could point I which way it be you do you tradin ' ... with the white . spotted horse ( point ) whites . bra-zo. glass Fort brazeau ? that 's where I be tryin ' to get . be it far from here ? spot horse do not understand . Glass motion into the distance . glass ( cont 'd ) Far ? Long way ? spot horse point to a horse , then hold up three finger . glass ( cont 'd ) Three day on horse ? spot horse nod ... look Glass over , and shake he head . spotted horse not walk . hide soon . Glass do not understand ... until spot horse point to a row of BUFFALO hide hang from a line . spot horse ( cont would ) we trade bra-zo . Glass stare at the tanning hide , then down at he leg . finally , he nod . spot horse start walk ... wave for Glass to follow . spot horse ( cont would ) come . eat . Glass follow after he . the child sneak in behind , giggle as they tail Glass across camp . Glass glance back ... New Moon and Little one duck behind a tee-pee ... wait for he to continue before they scoot back out after he . 64 . int . chief' lodge - night Glass , spot horse , Three feather , running Fox and other warrior sit around a fire , eat with chief red hawk , the Medicine man , and several other tribal elder . glass the man steal my rifle . the sioux do not understand . Glass reach over , take spot horse 's plate . glass ( cont 'd ) they take . they take ... Glass aim a imaginary rifle . glass ( cont 'd ) ... my rifle . my gear . now spot horse understand ... translate for the other . glass ( cont 'd ) they leave I to die . so I mean to find `em both . get my rifle back . spot horse translate again . Red Hawk nod , study Glass . Red Hawk say something to Glass ... motion to the bear claw necklace . Glass look to spot horse . spotted horse Red Hawk ask who kill griz-lee . Glass touch he chest . Red Hawk nod , impressed . Glass point to the jagged scar run up Red Hawk 's neck to a missing right ear . glass Grizzly ? Red Hawk smile ... shake he head . red hawk arikara . that word , Glass understand . Red Hawk ramble a long sentence in sioux . the other member laugh . 65 . spotted horse he say arikara take right ear of sioux . Left ear of white . not know what they take from you . Glass smile along with the other . they continue they meal . ext . sioux village - day snow fall over Glass , as he stand outside the tee-pee , flex he injure leg ... put more weight on it ... testing its recover strength . suddenly , a spear plant into the ground between he feet . Glass turn , startle ... see spot horse , Three feather , running Fox , and several other warrior stare at he . Glass ' eye jump from the spear to the warrior , unsure . spot horse stride to Glass ... grab the spear , then spin it sideways ... stare at Glass , until a smile spread across spot horse 's face ... he hold the spear out to Glass . spotted horse buff - a- lo man hunt with sioux ? Glass relax ... nod ... take the spear from spot horse . Three feather hand a BUFFALO hide to Glass ... motion for Glass to put it on . three feather tatanka wicasa . Glass wrap the hide around he . the Warrior smile and nod . ext . forest - day a world of silent white ... like we be inside a giant snow - globe . the sky be empty all the snow it have over we ... pour down ... the only sound come from the flake hit the already fall snow . the pale trunk of cottonwood rise up from the white ground . then out of the white ... a shape appear ... a giant wolf walking on its hind legs . but as the wolf come closer , we see it 's not a wolf at all ... it 's three feather , wear he wolf skin . he cry out ... howling wildly . a few yard beside he , another warrior be do the same ... chanting ... beat he spear against the cottonwood as he walk . 66 . glass - wearing the BUFFALO hide ... ... walk slowly through the tree , carry the spear . yellow bear be beside he ... motion for Glass to spread out . from above the tree ... ... we see the fur-cover warrior be form into a wide circle ... and slowly converge ... yelling ... pound they spear ... make as much noise as possible , as they tighten they ring . Pov from the brush ... ... watch distant chanting warrior push through the tree . v.o. snorting ... we Pov dart sideways ... charge through the brush ... slide to a stop when we see running Fox move toward we ... spin back another direction . glass - moving through the forest ... ... the fall snow cling to he face ... cover the buffalo hide . and then a massive shape blast through the tree ahead of he . Glass freeze , he grip tightening on the spear . he look to spot horse , who nod ... yell out , beat he spear against the tree , and motion for Glass to do the same . Glass be apprehensive at first ... just lightly tapping he spear . but as the other warrior ' chant grow , Glass get catch up in the hunt ... begin beat the tree ... yelling as loud as he throat will allow . the warrior - eye piercing through the snow ... chanting ... beat the bushes . our low Pov again - racing chaotically through the brush ... ...to spot horse wave he spear ... back over the snow ... to Three feather scream ... we spin again ... crash through bush , then suddenly tumble ... drop through the snow . 67 . glass - hearing the animal' wail ... ... see spot horse pick up he pace ... start trot forward . Glass do the same ... all the hunter converge around a large black hole in the snow ... ... and the elk trap at the bottom . the warrior cry out victoriously ... begin drive there spear into the trap , kill the animal . ext . sioux village - evening the elk roast over a fire at the center of the village . Glass sit alone outside the tee-pee , use the sharp tip of the spear to carve into a small chunk of wood . as he carve , New Moon and Little one sneak around the tee - pee behind he ... watch Glass work . Glass hear they giggling ... do not react ... just keep carve ... tilt the long handle of the spear as he work , tapping the side of the tee-pee , and shaking loose a clump of snow down onto the boy . the shocked boy freeze in the cold ... wipe the snow from they face to see Glass grin at they . the little boy charge Glass , leaping onto he ... wrestle he to the ground , as they squeeze he hair . boy tatanka wicasa ! tatanka wicasa ! spot horse stand across the village , watch Glass and the boy play in the snow . ext . sioux village - night Glass stand at the edge of the village , carve at the wood with the spear tip , and watch the sioux from a distance . yellow bear see he ... approach , carry he son on he shoulder . the little boy gnaw on a strip of meat . spot horse hold out a bowl of food to Glass . glass thank you . spotted horse good hunt . 68 . glass yes . Glass smile up at spot horse 's son . spotted horse you. fam-i-lee ? glass ( shake he head ) no . spotted horse no wom - a ? ( point to son ) wakayaja ? a long beat , then ... glass no . not for a long time . Glass continue eat ... watch spot horse bounce the giggle little boy on he shoulder . ext . sioux village - day Glass step out of he tee-pee , whittling with the spear tip . he glance up ... freeze because he see several sioux pull the hide from the line ... roll they up to carry . spot horse ( o.s. ) bra-zo. Glass turn to spot horse , point to the hide . Glass nod ... look back to the last of the hide be pull down ... do not seem as excited as he once might have be . ext . sioux village - later spot horse and Three feather sit atop they horse . Three feather hold the rein to another horse pack with hide . a empty horse stand beside they ... wait for Glass . Glass be lean over to New Moon and Little one ... hand they the crude BUFFALO carving he make from the wood . glass ( tap he chest ) tatanka wicasa . 69 . the little boy smile . Glass nod to waki , then wave to Red Hawk and the Medicine man . they return it ... watch Glass climb onto he horse . Glass , spot horse and Three feather ride out of the village . ext . wilderness - day Glass , spot horse and Three feather ride along a high ridge , surround by empty snow - cover wilderness . they have the world to themselves . ext . camp - night Glass crouch over a shallow , five - foot long hole surround by deep snow . the hole be fill with small fire and rock . and he 's watch spot horse and Three feather toss rock into they own match hole , then drag the dirt back into they . spot horse throw a glance back to Glass , make sure he understand . Glass nod ... pull the dirt back in , cover the flame . he watch spot horse spread a blanket over the warm ground , then do the same . he sit on the mound of dirt ... lean back against a tree ... feel the warmth rise up from beneath he . he nod to spot horse , who be already rest under he blanket . glass Nice . spotted horse ( nods ) Nice . Glass pull the buffalo hide around himself ... keep watch . spotted horse ( cont would ) sleep . no arikara . Glass nod ... but still do not close he eye . spot horse toss he knife over beside Glass . Glass take it ... nod to spot horse . spotted horse ( cont would ) I sleep . 70 . spot horse roll over , turn he back on Glass ... trust he with the knife . Three feather do the same . Glass just stare out into the night . int . fort union / bunkhouse - night Dark and quiet ... except for the snoring of a few man . fitzgerald sleep on he cot . a shadow glide across he ... hover over he face . fitzgerald 's eye blink open . CUT to : fitzgerald's Pov ... ...on glass stand over he ... he scar face calm and deadly ... raise a knife to drive down into fitzgerald 's chest . fitzgerald no ... please . but Glass swing the blade . CUT to : ext . wilderness - morning and spot horse shaking Glass awake from he dream . Glass ' hand fly up , the knife grip . but spot horse grab he arm ... stop it in mid-sw ... hold it until Glass realize it be a dream ... relax . spotted horse we go . Glass calm ... nod . ext . fort brazeau - day just a small cluster of log building sit along the bank of the Missouri . dozen of tee-pee and tent be set up outside the complex . Glass follow spot horse and Three feather into the camp . begging indian and drunk trappers paw at the man as they ride past , plead for handout . 71 . one of the Indians grab for the hide . Three feather plant he foot in the indian 's chest ... shove he back into the snow . they continue on ... climb off they horse outside the trading post . Three feather stay to guard the hide , as spot horse and Glass enter . int . trading post - day a small , dingy room line with shelf , all stack high with pot , pan , dry goods , whiskey , blanket , weapon ... anything that can be trade . kiowa brazeau , ( 60' ) , french - canadian , stand behind the counter ... look up when the bell over the door ring ... see spot horse with Glass behind . brazeau ( thick french accent ) bon jour , spot horse . you come with many hide I hope . ( off spot horse 's nod ) we make good trade then . brazeau 's eye lock on Glass ... stare at he , unsure . brazeau ( cont 'd ) monsieur Glass ? glass good to see you again , Mr. brazeau . brazeau Jesus Christ , what happen to you goddamn face ? glass have a tussle with a grizzly . Glass shake brazeau 's hand . brazeau study he face ... notice the bear claw necklace ... smile . brazeau and now the grizzly , he do not look so good either , eh ? Glass shake he head . brazeau ( cont 'd ) ( off spot horse ) you run with the sioux this day ? 72 . glass they look after I for a spell . I be on my way to catch back up with Captain Henry ... at Fort Union . need to trade for some supplies on the company 's credit if I could . brazeau oui , of course . anything you like . Glass pull down a kentucky long rifle . glass we can start with this . int . trading post - later Glass be load with gear . he sign a ticket for brazeau . brazeau you can pick up the horse at the livery in the morning . ( off Glass ' nod ) I wish I could give you a room for the night , but ... brazeau look to several trappers stand across the room , glaring at Glass . brazeau ( cont 'd ) I can not risk the trouble of let a color stay inside . Glass glance to the trapper ... one of they spit in Glass ' direction ... make some monkey sound ... dare Glass to respond . Glass just turn away . glass wo not be the last night I sleep on the ground . Glass nod to brazeau , then walk out . brazeau take care of that face , Glass . ext . trading post - day spot horse and Three feather sit on they horse . the other horse be now pack with new goods . Glass approach . 73. glass ( point to the tent ) you stay here tonight ? spot horse shake he head ... motion back toward the wilderness . then he point to the trading post ... the trappers . spotted horse you people ? Glass look back to all the white face ... trapper , drunk , prostitute . he shake he head . glass no . spotted horse you come then . spot horse tap he own chest ... point back the way they come . Glass hesitates , almost like he 's consider it ... then he shake he head again ... point the opposite way . glass Fort Union . spot horse stare at Glass a long beat , then ... spotted horse you spend you life hunt enemy . enemy win . glass it will be over soon . then Glass pull the bear claw necklace off ... hand it to spot horse . spot horse hold it ... then proudly slide it over he head . glass ( cont 'd ) ( in sioux ) thank you . spot horse raise he hand in goodbye , then spin he horse and start away . Three feather do the same . Glass return it ... watch they ride off . ext . fort brazeau - night Glass be in the tree beyond the tent and tee-pee ... crouch on the ground ... 74 . drag the dirt back over the fire and rock . he slide up onto the mound ... feel the warmth , and smile ... just a little . ext . missouri river - morning Glass ride a paint mare along a ridge overlook the river . Fort brazeau stand in the distance behind he . ext . OPEN country - day snowy and cold . Glass lead the line of rider through the snow . ext . fort union - evening but you can not tell if it 's day or night through the blizzard . fitzgerald , pig , Anderson , bridger , Murphy and stubby Joe trudge through the snow in they snowshoe ... finally reach the bunkhouse . int . bunkhouse - evening Anderson shove the door close against the wind ... latch it . the man look wear and batter ... wind - burnt face , icicle in they beard . fitzgerald I have enough of this cold as hell shit . anderson what would you figure when ya sign on outta that St. Louis whorehouse you be workin ' ? that you be headin ' off to paradise ? pig snort a laugh at fitzgerald 's expense . fitzgerald I tell ya what I figure , I figure I would be somewhere the piss would not freeze before I get it outta my pecker . bridger figure wrong . 75 . fitzgerald throw bridger a glare ... want to throw more , but bridger 's return the stare ... hard ... so fitzgerald decide he would better not push it . fitzgerald waste a time to check trap in this weather ... while Henry sit warmin' he ass on the stove in he office . stubby bill why do not you go tell he that , fitz ? then start you hike back to St. louie . fitzgerald shit , I walk up here , I get no problem walkin ' back . murphy contract for twelve month . we all do . fitzgerald Henry can shove that contract up he toasty warm ass , or I will do it for he . the other laugh at fitzgerald 's rambling . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) you do not think I will ? the man shake they head . fitzgerald grab he glove ... start strapping he snowshoe back on . anderson just give that fat little whore you be so sweet on a couple extra bit ... she will have you thinkin' it 's spring already . the man laugh as fitzgerald walk out ... leave the door wide open for the cold wind to pour over the other . pig scurries over , shove it close . as the other man gather around a table to play card , bridger pull a journal from under he cot ... fall onto the cot , and start write . int . rocky mountain fur company office - evening fitzgerald enter ... look around the empty office . 76 . fitzgerald hello ? Captain ? the place be empty . fitzgerald eye Henry 's desk ... then past he desk ... to the safe ... its door cracked OPEN ... stack of money visible inside . fitzgerald glance around ... look back to that safe . ext . fort union - night Dark and quiet . the snow have stop . int . bunkhouse - night fitzgerald ease up from he cot ... look around at the sleep man . ext . fort union - night fitzgerald slip out of the bunkhouse door ... across the compound ... toward the front gate . murphy ( o.s. ) where be you head ? fitzgerald look up ... see Murphy in the blockhouse on sentry duty . fitzgerald to the river , Murphy . Murphy squint down into the shadow . murphy that you , fitzgerald ? fitzgerald Left my rifle down there ... do not want it out all night . murphy that be not too smart . fitzgerald just do not take a shot at I when I come back in . murphy we will see . 77 . Murphy wave fitzgerald out . fitzgerald not that you would hit I if you try . Murphy fake a laugh ... raise he rifle down at fitzgerald . CUT to : Pov down murphy' rifle ... ...on fitzgerald move toward the river ... disappear into the darkness . ext . missouri river - night out of sight from the fort . fitzgerald slide the anstadt from under he coat ... hurry down the bank ... search under the brush and snow ... pull out a overturned canoe . he drag it to the icy edge ... slide it across the ice toward the middle of the river , where the water still have not freeze over . the ice crack under he feet . fitzgerald climb in the canoe ... pound the ice with the oar , break it loose . the current seep through the crack ... catch the canoe , pull it to the center of the wide river ... send fitzgerald shoot south . he throw a glance back at the shadow of Fort Union in the distance ... grow smaller . ext . wilderness - day clear blue sky . the sun glisten off the snow - cover ground . Glass be bundle under fur , as he ride through the snowy tree . ext . wilderness / camp - night tucked under the rooftop of tree . a small fire burn . Glass sit on he fire - bed , look over a map . a o.s. snort from the paint mare , tie to a tree . Glass look over in time to see the horse 's ear perk up . with he eye search the darkness , Glass slowly reach over ... grab he rifle . then he drop to he stomach ... slide backward into the brush . 78 . Glass peer through the brush ... the wood seem empty ... until several dark shape appear ... move through the distant tree ... come straight toward Glass ' camp . then a o.s. SNAP behind glass ... he glance back in time to see a arikara warrior swinging a hatchet . Glass spin he rifle ... shove it into the stomach of the warrior as he swing ... boom ... the warrior fly back . the dark wood suddenly erupt in war cry ... arikara appear from all side ... charge toward the camp . Glass scramble up ... race toward the paint mare as arrow and gunshot flash through the AIR all around he . Glass swing up onto the paint mare ... spot elk tongue lead the charge ... the necklace of ear hang around he neck . and elk 's tongue 's eye be lock on Glass ... almost like he remember he . Glass take off through the forest . ext . forest - night Glass hang onto the paint mare , as she gallop through the tree ... the animal 's nostril spread wide , pull in all the oxygen it can . Glass glance back ... see shape behind he ... horse ... ride by elk 's tongue and eight other warrior . Glass dig he heel into the horse , squeezing every ounce of speed from she leg ... push she toward the clear up ahead ... throw another glance back ... then look in front of he , and realize it be not a clear at all ... ... it 's the edge of the world . the paint mare explode from the tree , then run out of ground ... because she 's just gallop off the side of a cliff . the horse sail downward toward a thick forest of tree , its leg flail for something to stand on . Glass drop the rifle to grip the horse 's mane , hang on for what seem a endless fall . 79 . the mare slam leg - first into the tree - top with Glass still on she back . the paint mare squeal as she drop into the snow - cover tree , carry Glass with she . CUT to : ext . forest - continuous and the horse come crash through the branch ... the massive limb slow she fall ... snap off as she body hit and twist ... toss Glass away . the paint mare continue she deadly descent , the tree tear at she body ... catch she head ... snapping she neck . Glass slam off a branch ... tumble to the ground with a thud . the paint mare hit the snow beside he ... very dead . Glass struggle to breath ... finally gasp ... suck in the oxygen . he lay there a moment ... stare up through the tree ... ...to elk 's tongue and the other stare down from the top of the cliff ... with no way to get to Glass . Glass rise to he knee ... glance around for he rifle ... lose . he flinch with what must be break rib ... drag himself up , and stagger to the horse ... pull he knife and cut the snowshoe from the back of the saddle . he throw the snowshoe over he shoulder ... continue on , through the wood ... alone ... in the middle of nowhere ... again . ext . OPEN country - day from high above ... the small shape of Glass make he way over the snowy ground ... head toward two distant shack . ext . fort talbot - day a makeshift town on the bank of the Missouri . two ramshackle structure ... the General store and a tatter livery stable fill with horse . 80 . int . fort talbot / general store - day more like a saloon that sell a few supplies . a gang of trappers drink and play card . a runty man stand behind the counter , watch they ... ... until the door blow open , and in step Glass . he pull the fur hat away from he face , and what a sight he be ... scar face stiff from the cold ... ice freeze in he beard . the room fall silent ... everyone stare at Glass . until trapper # 1 snort a laugh . Glass limp to the counter . all eye follow he . glass ( struggle to make he freeze lip move ) I be Hugh Glass of ... runty man we do not serve nigger . Glass stare at the runty man a beat , then ... glass of the Rocky Mountain fur company on my way to Fort Union . runty man I do not care if you be with Lewis and Clark head for the new world . we do not serve nigger . glass all I need be a horse and enough supplies to ... trapper Ice musta froze up he ear , `cause he be not listenin ' to you , cee . glass ...to get I to Fort Union . I can sign a draft make good by Captain Henry . the runty man just stare at Glass ... grin a toothless grin . runty man what the fuck happen to you face , boy ? you try to slice all the black off ? 81 . trapper # 2 maybe we oughta help he do it right . fat trapper best get on you way , boy . Glass stare back at the man for a long beat , then ... glass I be Hugh Glass of the Rocky Mountain fur company , and all I need be ... runty man ( to the trapper ) do you believe this shit ? trapper # 1 and trapper # 2 pull the skinning knive from they belt ... start toward Glass . fat trapper Hell , I warn ya . glass all I need ... and that 's when trapper # 1 grab for Glass , but in a flash of movement that catch they all off -guard , Glass have be own knife pull and jammed under trapper # 1 's chin . everyone freeze . glass ( cont 'd ) ... be a horse and enough supplies to get I to Fort Union . then Glass slide trapper # 1 's pistol from he belt ... aim it at the other man . glass ( cont 'd ) and this shooter here . all make good by Captain Henry and the Rocky Mountain fur company . ext . fort talbot - day the snow pour down on the runty man and the trapper , as they stand outside , rifle aim into the distance . runty man shoot he , goddammit ! 82. trapper # 2 I can not get a clear look . runty man shoot `em both ! the runty man snatch one of the rifle ... boom ... fire a wild shot past the rider . CUT to : glass - galloping away on horseback ... ... with trapper # 1 sit backward on the horse behind he . Glass have the pistol jamme into he rib , and keep glance back to the man grow smaller behind he . finally , Glass shove the man off the back of the horse . trapper # 1 tumble into the snow . the rumble of distant gunshot ... too far away to reach Glass , who just keep racing north . CUT to : the runty man - watching glass escape . runty man get after the son of a bitch ! the trapper exchange glance ... do not move . trapper # 2 it 's cold as hell , cee . fat trapper and he do say to put it all on the Rocky Mountain tab . the runty man glare at the trapper . ext . OPEN country - evening Glass riding the horse at a trot through the snow . ext . fort union - night thick with fog , and silent as death . the moon fight its way through the mist , send a eerie glow over the fort . 83. ext . fort union / blockhouse - night stubby Bill sit doze in a chair , he rifle across he lap . o.s. crunching ... get louder ... loud enough to nudge stubby Bill awake . he sit up ... peer over the wall , but can not see anything in the fog ... just hear the crunching moving closer ... footstep in the crisp snow . CUT to : stubby bill Pov ... ...on the blanket of fog hang in the air ... that same crunching , as a shadow appear ... grow clearer ... a figure walk ... lead a horse behind he ... appear out of the mist like a ghost ... glass . stubby bill - stare down in SHOCK ... ... sure he eye be betray he . but then Glass look straight up at stubby Bill , and there 's no doubt . stubby bill Jesus Christ . int . bunkhouse - night Dark and quiet ... just pig 's snore rattling the silence . suddenly the door kick open ... slam into the wall ... and there 's glass ' silhouette filling the doorway . groans from the awaken man ... hand move through the dark for oil lamp ... turn they bright ... until the room 's fully light ... and they all see Glass stand there ... eye float across the room , search for a target . the man just stare back at he , like they be all part of the same dream . except for bridger , who 's propped up in he cot like he 's be wait all night ... wait every night ... for Glass to appear in that doorway . bridger I be sorry . Glass raise the steal pistol ... aim it at bridger . and the young man do not flinch ... almost as if he want to make sure Glass do not miss . 84 . the other man just watch in silence , not sure what the hell 's go on . Glass hold he aim on bridger 's face ... a face that 's haunt he ... keep he alive . glass you take everything I have ... leave I to die . Glass walk toward bridger , the gun still raise ... each step of he foot on the wood floor be like the thud of a executioner 's drum . mumbling from the other man , as they watch this ghost reach bridger ... stand over he , the pistol aim down . glass ( cont 'd ) why ? bridger I be scared of dyin' . ( beat ) but every day since , I have wish I have . Glass ' finger tighten on the trigger , ready to make bridger 's wish come true . the rest of the bunkhouse watch this execution in wide - eye , stone silence , afraid to move . glass there be not no ` ree that night , be there ? a long beat , then ... bridger no . Glass pistol whip bridger , knock he to the floor . and before bridger can crawl away , Glass in over he ... that aching , freeze fist beat mercilessly down on bridger . and bridger do not fight back ... just do he best to cover up , but the blow keep come , and bridger 's face be cover in blood ... ... just as Henry run inside , half - dress from where stubby Bill awoke he . Henry grab Glass ... pull he off . Glass spin ... jam he pistol right in Henry 's face . 85 . henry Hugh . wait . Glass be crazy with rage ... barely stop himself from pull that trigger . but finally , he calm ... he arm sink , lowering he aim . he glance around the bunkhouse . glass where 's fitzgerald and my rifle ? henry desert two day ago . along with about five hundred dollar of company money . ( beat ) let 's get some coffee to warm you up . ( to Glass , but look at bridger ) I wanna hear what happen . Glass look back to bridger ... they hold a long stare , until Glass walk out . bridger wait . please ! but Glass and Henry disappear , leave bridger alone with all that eye burn into he . bridger look to pig , but pig just lower he eye ... can not even look at the boy . the man step into they boot and fur ... file out after Glass and Henry ... leave bridger alone in the bunkhouse . int . rocky mountain fur company office - night Glass sit by the warmth of the stove , sip coffee . Henry 's behind he desk , with the other man scattered around . glass I cut the shoe loose of she , and hike over to Fort Talbot . stubby bill Christ almighty . glass and you may hear from the fella there about a stole horse and supplies charge to you . 86 . henry we will take care of it . you should go settle in . murphy there 's a couple fair whore next door that will ease the mile on ya , scar or not . stubby Bill give Murphy a elbow . anderson Jesus , Murph . murphy I just mean I would go roust one of `em for ya if you want . glass she can take the night off , but I would not mind the use of she bed . henry ( to murphy ) go clear out a room . the rest head on back to bunk . Murphy hustle out . the other move toward the door , each stop to shake Glass ' hand , or give he a pat on the back . pig I tell ya I would see ya up here . you remember that , Hugh ? glass I do , pig . you must have a little gypsy in ya . pig grin and nod . pig I will see ya in the mornin' . pig exit , leave just Glass and Henry , sit in a beat of silence , until ... henry can I talk you outta what you be plan ? Glass do not answer ... just stand , place the coffee cup on the table . 87 . glass thank you for what you do for I ... stitchin ' I back together ... givin ' I a chance . henry I be offerin ' you another right now ... to stay here ... let this thing go . glass ( beat ) he think he let I die . but he do not know that he 's the one that 's keep I alive ... for the chance of findin ' he ... makin ' he pay for what he do . henry the law will make fitzgerald pay . Glass stare out the window ... he scarree reflection stare back at he . glass you tell I once that other man do not think like he . ( beat ) but the truth be , most do . I see it my whole life ... the look folk give ... the whisperin' . I watch my wife and son die from the fever on accounta no white doctor would care for `em . be not no different to they than if they neighbor 's dog be sick . ( beat ) so I do not figure nobody 's gonna care much that fitzgerald take some dyin ' nigger 's rifle , and leave he in the middle of nowhere . ( turn to Henry ) do you , Captain ? Henry do not answer ... because he know Glass be right . glass ( cont 'd ) I thank you for the coffee . Glass walk out . Henry just sit there . 88. ext . fort union - day Glass , pig and Murphy stand by Glass ' horse , as he tie off he supplies . murphy he say he be goin ' to get he rifle ... and then Murphy catch himself ... shrug . murphy ( cont 'd ) you rifle . but he never show back up . the next day I figure he mighta fall in , but then pig see the canoe be missin' . pig and the Captain find the money go . glass I will make my way down river . see what turn up . Glass pull the cinch tight around the horse . stubby Bill come waddling toward they . stubby bill the kid 's go ... gear and all . musta slip out before light . stubby Bill wave bridger 's journal at they . stubby bill ( cont would ) just leave this on he bunk . Henry take the journal ... flip it open . henry ( reading ) " every day I think about what I do . I want to tell pig and the other the truth but be afraid what they will think of I . I look at fitzgerald and want to kill he but be afraid to try . I be a coward and wish he have not be lyin about the ree that night . I wish they have come and kilt we both . " Glass consider the word a beat , then swing onto he horse . 89 . glass if I run across the boy , I will send he back you way . Glass see Henry on horseback , trot toward they . glass ( cont 'd ) where be you head ? henry fitzgerald steal five hundred dollar . Rocky Mountain fur company want he too . glass I can do this on my own . henry I know you can . but maybe you will not have to . Glass stare at Henry a beat , then finally just pull he horse around ... head for the river . Henry nod to pig and Murphy as he follow after Glass . ext . rock ledge - day from above Fort Union . we Pov on Glass and Henry riding south along the icy river . and then we see we Pov be bridger 's ... stand along the ledge , load with all he gear . he watch the rider another moment , then turn ... hike the opposite direction ... leave Fort Union behind forever . ext . fort talbot / general store - day the runty man behind the counter . a few of the same trappers drink ... play card . just another day at Fort Talbot . the door swing open , and a fur - cover figure enter . runty man we be not get no food to spare , friend , if that 's what you be lookin ' for . the figure pull back he fur , and we see it 's fitzgerald ... cold and miserable . 90 . fitzgerald then what the hell have ya get ? runty man whiskey and blanket mostly . weather 's hold back delivery . fitzgerald throw a glance to the trappers . fitzgerald gimme a couple bottle then . goddamn ice shred my boat . be walkin ' for two day . the runty man hand fitzgerald the bottle . fitzgerald pop one ... gulp some down . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) how much for one of they horse out there ? runty man horse be not cheap this time a year . fitzgerald whatever the price , Rocky Mountain fur company 's good for it . and that word stop everything . the trappers all turn from they game . the runty man glare at fitzgerald . runty man you be the second son of a bitch come in here makin ' that claim . and the first one leave a bad taste . fitzgerald that right ? well I do not know nothin ' about that . just that I need a horse . runty man so do this other fella . so he steal one ... along with Lange 's pistola . trapper # 1 nod to fitzgerald . fitzgerald Fine then , I will pay cash for the horse . how much ? 91 . runty man how `bout you pay for you friend 's too . trapper # 1 and my shooter . fitzgerald be not my friend . trapper # 1 stand up . trapper # 1 then from where I stand , you do not get no friend at all . the other trappers glare at fitzgerald . the runty man just grin that toothless smile of he . fitzgerald 's in a bind , and he know it . fitzgerald yeah , okay . I will collect from he . how much ? runty man how `bout we say eighty ... ( see fitzgerald do not argue ) ...five . fitzgerald start digging into he pocket . fitzgerald you boy be leavin ' I with nothin' . better be a helluva horse . runty man pick of the litter . the runty man snatch the cash . runty man ( cont would ) and when you see that scar - up nigger , you tell he he would best not show up here again . fitzgerald freeze ... not sure he hear correctly . fitzgerald when I see who ? 92 . runty man the black son of a bitch that rob I . you tell he that . a long beat , then ... fitzgerald scar up , you say ... and head up to Union ? runty man that 's what he tell we . seem real anxious to get there too . fitzgerald ( nods ) I will make sure to give he the message when I find he . ext . fort talbot - day fitzgerald sit on the horse , stare back over the ground ... he line of track leading through the snow . he turn ... look south , then back to the track . finally , fitzgerald dig he heel into the horse . the animal take off , right along fitzgerald 's track in the snow ... right back toward Glass . ext . missouri river - day thick ice along the edge , taper to a narrow stream of flow water at the very center . Glass and Henry ride along the snow - cover bank . henry Hugh . Henry point . Glass follow he finger along the river ... to a canoe rest on the bank ahead . they dismount ... examine the canoe ... the letter " rmfc " paint on the side . henry ( cont 'd ) that 's it . Glass run he mitten hand along the gashes in the wood . glass Ice tore it up . 93. Glass look to the footprint in the snow , lead deep into the tree . he glance up to the sky ... clear and blue . glass ( cont 'd ) if the snow hold off , we will have a good trail to track . henry what 's out that direction ? Talbot ? glass and the Missouri . doubt he would risk the river with the ` ree . likely grab a horse , and cross over high ... take he chance goin ' east against the weather . when would you say he skip out ? henry Three day ago now . glass we best pick up we pace . they climb back onto they horse ... trot into the tree . ext . OPEN country - day Glass and Henry gallop across , they path dead on fitzgerald 's track . ext . forest - day the snow be shallow here , the ground protect by the tree . there 's a black spot where a fire once burn , and footprint all over the place . Glass be off he horse , crouch , study the site ... lift the char chunks of wood . henry this be fitzgerald campe here ? glass couple night back . but this track be not all he . henry he 's travelin ' with somebody ? 94 . glass ( shake he head ) come in after . print be smooth . mocassin . Henry throw Glass a look ... he know what that mean . glass ( cont 'd ) could be sioux ... blackfoot even . henry but you figure they be ` ree . glass I do not figure nothin ' , Captain . but whoever it be , they be a good day behind fitzgerald . Glass walk , lead he horse , as he follow the track away from camp . Henry ride after he . glass ( cont 'd ) and they be on he trail too , so we should keep it quiet ... do not announce we be back here . henry you tell I once you know enough to keep away from the ` ree . glass I do . henry you figure this be smart then ? Glass swing up onto he horse . glass you be welcome to head back , Captain . Glass trot off . Henry watch he a beat , then throw a glance into the tree ... follow after Glass . ext . wilderness / camp - night Glass kneel on the ground , building a fire -bed ... drag the dirt over the fire and rock . Henry 's under a blanket , watch he . 95 . henry what if we find fitzgerald ... and I ask you not to do this ? Glass spread a blanket over the ground . glass do not ask I . Glass settles in on the warm earth . Henry just keep watch he . ext . wilderness / camp - later angle on henry ... ... asleep under the blanket . o.s. rustling send he eye flash open . he raise up ... rifle ready . he glance at Glass , who put a finger over he lip . henry ( whisper ) ` ree ? Glass do not answer ... just keep search the brush . Henry 's groggy eye dart around the night ... spot movement in the brush . henry ( cont 'd ) there ! glass wait ! but it 's too late ... Henry fire ... boom ... the shot explode through the night ... ... and the deer leap away . Henry look to Glass ... shake he head ... sorry . henry so much for stayin ' quiet . CUT to : 96 . fitzgerald - squatting beside a SMALL FIRE ... ... stare out into the darkness , as the gunshot echoes over he . fitzgerald immediately throw dirt over the flame . ext . wilderness / camp - night Glass and Henry be load up , back on they horse . henry guess you would have be better off on you own . glass we need to pick up some time anyways . the two rider disappear into the dark tree . ext . wilderness / clearing - night Glass and Henry riding across a meadow . Glass stop ... tilt he head back to sniff the air . henry whatta ya get ? glass smoke . Glass pull some snow from he horse 's mane ... toss it in the air , and watch it blow to the side . Glass turn he horse toward the breeze ... squint out into the night . glass ( cont 'd ) no more than mile out that way . ( pull he rifle ) I will head in from the west ... you take the east . henry what if it 's ` ree ? glass then we leave `em be ... meet back up here . 97 . Henry nod ... Glass take off at a trot . Henry veer the other direction ... split up across the snow . ext . forest - night splinter of moonlight shoot through the pine . Glass on horseback , walk through the tree ... appear and disappear . he spot something in the distance ... the slight of glow . Glass ease off he horse ... wrap the rein around a branch . ext . wilderness - night Henry 's already off he horse ... lead it through the tree ... search as he walk . ext . forest - night Glass move silently through the darkness ... rifle poise to aim and fire ... just like the first time we see he , perfectly comfortable in this world . his eye shine in the darkness , drift back and forth ... pick up everything . he reach the glow ... the remain of a campfire . the slight bit of die smoke rise into the air . Glass crouch down , study the surround ground ... hoof - print blend in with the other track . ext . wilderness - night Henry 's horse be make too much noise with each step . he stop walk ... wrap the rein around a tree ... walk back around the horse ... ... and there's fitzgerald staring at he ... ... Glass ' anstadt aim and ready to fire . fitzgerald do not figure a important man like you to be away from you stove on a night as cold as this , Captain . you lose ? Henry just stare back at fitzgerald and that rifle . his eye drift to he own rifle , still strapped onto he saddle . 98 . henry I be here to save you life . fitzgerald I do tell you boy ... I do not need savin ' by you or nobody else . Henry know he 's only get one chance ... he make a grab for the rifle . ext . forest - night Glass run he finger across the track . suddenly a o.s. gunshot explode in the distance . Glass spin to it ... race back through the tree toward he horse . ext . forest - night Glass at full gallop through the wood ... veer between tree ... ducking branch . ext . wilderness - night Glass charge from the forest ... spot Henry 's horse stand in the tree ... tear through the snow toward it ... leap off the still - move animal in a fluid slide ... hit the ground with he rifle ready ... ... and see henry's body face - up in the snow . Glass drop to a knee ... scan the darkness , as he slide over to Henry ... ... and we see he 's a bloody mess ... a gunshot wound in he chest leak out onto the snow ... he head scalped ... left ear slice off . Glass stand back up , turn in a circle , as he peer into the distance around he . but there 's nothing out there . Glass scream in rage . he turn back to Henry ... crouch down over he . glass you should not a come . as Glass look at Henry , he notice something ... take Henry by the chin , and tilt he head . and henry's right ear have be CUT off as well . 99 . Glass stare at Henry a beat , then squint out into the forest . glass ( cont 'd ) ( repeat spot horse 's word under he breath ) arikara take right ear of sioux . Left ear of white . not know what they take from you . ext . wilderness / clearing - night Glass on horseback , lead Henry 's horse behind he across the snow - cover meadow . Henry 's fur-cover body be drape over the saddle . ext . frozen river - night a thick layer of ice cover the narrow river , thinning just a bit at the center . Glass kneel near the middle , chopping at the thick ice to get to the water beneath . he make a hole ... dip he canteen down into it , glance around into the darkness . then Glass turn ... stare up a slope into the dark forest beyond ... like he know what 's wait for he there . he walk to the horse , tie in the tree at the base of the slope ... Henry still lay across the saddle of he horse in he bloody fur . Glass snap a branch from a fallen tree ... look back up that slope . ext . wilderness - night our Pov from deep in the forest ... ... watch from the shadowy brush , as Glass appear up over the distant slope ... riding through the tree , with Henry drape over the horse behind . the forest be quiet ... just the cracking of crusty snow and branch under the horse ' hoof . then boom ... as the anstadt barrel we hadn't see beside US flash in the night ... ...and Glass tumble off he horse . 100 . the horse prance around with a start , then settle ... and then fitzgerald rise from the brush beside US ... ease toward the horse , reloading the anstadt as he move . he reach Glass , face down in the snow ... he fur cover he . and fitzgerald have that rifle aim , ready for Glass to suddenly roll over fire ... ... but Glass do not move . fitzgerald nudge he with he boot , then crouch down ... grab Glass by the shoulder , and pull he over ... ... and there 's henry's lifeless face hidden beneath the fur ... and that broken branch stick up along he back . angle from behind henry's horse ... ...on the rest of the branch rigged to glass ' saddle to hold Henry upright ... ... and then what we think be Henry flung over the second horse ... moving ... the bloody fur-cover arm lift a rifle ... the head raise up ... it 's glass ... take aim ... ... as fitzgerald realize what 's happen ... spin with the anstadt ... ...to Glass lay across the horse ... rifle dead set on fitzgerald ... boom ... boom ... both rifle explode ... ... fitzgerald go fly backward into the brush . fitzgerald 's wild shot hit Henry 's horse , send it rear up , toss Glass to the ground . but Glass be on he foot in a flash ... reloading as he charge into the brush ... ... but fitzgerald be gone . until the flash of movement behind Glass ... he turn ... as the butt of the anstadt whip through the air ... whack ... club he across the head , send he tumble down the slope to the freeze river . fitzgerald swing the anstadt back over he bloody shoulder , snatch up he knife , and charge down the slope to finish Glass off . 101 . ext . frozen river - night Glass lie on the ice , barely conscious . blood ooze down he head ... over he eye . he wipe it away to see fitzgerald barrel down toward he . fitzgerald dive in attack , but Glass kick up he leg , send fitzgerald fly over ... slamming into the freeze river , he head cracking the ice . Glass rip the knife from he belt ... move after fitzgerald , he foot slip and slide under he . fitzgerald rise to he foot ... the man charge like two wild animal ... crash into each other ... knife flail . they roll along the ice , blade glisten ... slice through fur ... across flesh . fitzgerald thrust he knife down ... plant it through the back of Glass ' hand , pin it to the ice . Glass cry out ... drop he own knife to pull fitzgerald 's out . as he do , fitzgerald kick Glass in the face , send he sailing back ... slide to the center of the river . the thin ice around he splinter ... crack . Glass look up ... see fitzgerald stalking toward he , holding both knive now . Glass be trap ... ... until he pound he elbow down on the weaken ice ... it begin to give ... he pound it again and again ... fitzgerald speed up to get to Glass in time ... raise one of the knife , as Glass shatter the ice ... drop beneath the surface . fitzgerald rush after he , but the ice crack under he foot , force he back . CUT to : underwater ... ... and Glass just under the ice , float with the current . his finger search for a hole , but there 's nothing . CUT to : 102 . fitzgerald ... ... make he way down the river , peer through the ice , search for Glass . he spot something ... stop ... lean close to make out the shape ... it 's glass ' feet . then suddenly , glass ' fist explode through the ice at fitzgerald's feet ... grab fitzgerald 's leg , pull he down . fitzgerald crash to the ice ... it splinter around he ... give away , and he sink into the icy water ... but the anstadt strapped around he catch on the ice ... hold he against the current . Glass drag himself from the water ... stand ... stare down at fitzgerald trap in the hole ... he face look up at Glass through the ice . Glass lift one of the fall knife ... stand over fitzgerald . fitzgerald ( through the water and ice ) help I ! ( off Glass ' stare ) Glass ... please ! Glass hesitates a beat , stare at he , just as he do with bridger that night in the bunkhouse . and then Glass lean down ... grab the anstadt to pull fitzgerald up . except Glass slice the blade across the strap of the anstadt , send fitzgerald float away under the ice , as Glass hold on to the anstadt . CUT to : fitzgerald ... ... float under the surface ... pound at the ice as he drift , until he swinging slow ... stop ... he body drift away . ext . frozen river - night Glass stand on the ice , blood drip down he face , hold he anstadt . he begin to tremble ... not from the cold , but from finally reach the end of this journey . his eye begin to fill with tear ... 103 . ... and then he see elk tongue , and several other arikara warrior watch he from the other side of the river . Glass and elk 's tongue exchange a long stare , until finally Glass scream out . glass I be tatanka wicasa ! I have kill white and I have kill arikara and I have kill grizzly ! and I will kill you ! elk 's tongue do not move ... just stare back at Glass ... soak in blood and water . then Glass cry out at the warrior again . glass ( cont 'd ) come on ! but the arikara do not attack ... do not move at all ... until elk 's tongue give Glass the slightest of nods , then turn ... they disappear back into the tree . Glass watch they fade away , then collapse to he knee on the icy river ... exhaust in every possible way . he begin to cry . fade out . the end