the conspirator screenplay by James Solomon Story by James Solomon & Gregory bernstein April 1 , 2008 male voice ( over a black screen ) two man wait at the pearly Gates strike up a conversation . fade up : on frederick aiken , 26 , a handsome , young turk . aiken / male " how would you die ? " the first man ask the second . aiken be wear the blue and gold of the Union Army . aiken " I froze to death , " say the second . " that 's awful . what 's it like to freeze to death ? " pull back : to reveal aiken have be shot in the abdomen , uniform blood - soak , slump inside a cold , muddy bunker . aiken ( cont 'd ) " you get the shake and pain in all you finger and toe . but eventually you kind of drift off as if you be fall asleep . ( a beat ) how ' bout you ? how would you die ? " revealing aiken be not alone . best friend , nicholas baker , 27 , be nearby - right leg nearly severe above the knee . aiken ( cont 'd " heart attack , " say the first man . " you see my wife be cheating on I . so , I show up at home unexpectedly . I burst into the bedroom . she 's all alone knitting . so , I race down to the basement to find the louse , but no one 's there . I sprint up to the attic , and just as I arrive ... I have a massive heart attack and die . " Baker 's breathe become labor . he be beginning to fade . aiken ( cont 'd ) the second man shake he head . " that be so ironic ! " " what do you mean ? " ask the first . " well , if you would only stop to look in the icebox , we would both be still alive . " Baker manage to turn towards aiken , roll he eye , then begin to gurgle , choke on he blood . aiken ( cont 'd ) hang on , Nick . help be on its way . but there 's no sign of anyone . aiken , he own pain evident start up again , desperately try to keep he buddy awake . aiken ( cont 'd ) a blind dog walk into a saloon ... ( Baker murmur ) what be it , Nick ? aiken lower himself to hear he comrade . baker shut up ... and I promise to live . suddenty , two stretcher bearer appear . as they begin to cart aiken away , he push they off . point at Baker -- stretcher bearer # 1 but , Colonel , he 's as good as dead . aiken that 's a order . they take Baker away . aiken begin to fade from loss of blood . his eye flicker shut , as we -- pull back to a wide shot of a battlefield at gettysburg -- litter with the dead and wounded . fade to black : superimpose : base on a true story toastmaster ( v.0 . ) hip hip hooray ... hip hip hooray ... fade up : int . century club - ballroom -- later celebrant ( shouting , in unison ) .. hip hip hooray !!! Crystal clanking . cork pop . behind the toastmaster , a enormous banner : " Victory to the Union " two year later april 14 , 1865 WASHINGTON , D.C. a grand celebration instantly denote prestige and influence -- all powerful and all for Union . baker ( 0.s. ) be he here , yet ? aiken ( 0.s. ) no . but half he cabinet be . reveal : frederick aiken , now 28 , age a bit by event , join again by nicholas baker , now minus he leg . another hotshot , william hamilton , be present too . they have all have a few . aiken scan face . Notes player . power broker abound . aiken there 's Interior ... the postmaster ... insert : graybeard , as aiken identify the member of lincoln' cabinet , like position around a infield . aiken ( cont 'd ) treasury ... navy ... and War baker Secretary stanton , where ? aiken point to edwin stanton , 50 , imperious , chest length beard , eye conceal behind tiny , gold - rimmed glass . baker ( cont 'd ) I would give my eye-teeth to meet he . aiken begin to beeline towards stanton , then stop . aiken be not you come ? baker just like that ? hamilton be you mad ? you can not approach Edwin stanton without a introduction . aiken watch how it 's do . unless , you would prefer to meet he too ? Baker nod . aiken move to help he one - legge friend . baker I can do it myself . aiken like hell , you could not walk straight with two . a booming voice catch aiken from behind . booming voice ( 0.s. ) Mr. aiken , I have be to creation and back look for you . aiken turn toward a familiar voice . aiken Baker , Hamilton ... May I introduce the distinguished Senator from maryland -- Mr. reverdy Johnson . reveal : reverdy johnson , early 50' , a thorn in anyone 's side . blind in he leave eye . very southern . hamilton a great honor , Senator baker ( slur from drink ) May I say , sir ... you be we first I mean , we finest Attorney General . reverdy johnson honor 's mine , gentleman . you have do this nation proud . glad to see y'all be enjoyin ' this evenin' . reverdy Johnson wink at Baker with he good eye . reverdy johnson ( cont 'd ) country need you boy more than ever to put it back together . reverdy Johnson spot several graybeard pass by . reverdy johnson ( cont 'd ) gentlemen , would you excuse we a moment ? they be some folk I reckon ' my new associate ought to meet . the Senator lead aiken away . Hamilton watch with envy . hamilton I reckon Fred have to if he 's to be consider seriously . baker yes , Hamilton , some of we do have to work for a live ... int . century club - jefferson room -- continuous reverdy usher aiken inside the club 's inner sanctum line with portrait of its past luminary jefferson , madison ... ; aiken quite a turnout . reverdy johnson Victory be like shit to fly , freddie . one whiff be all it take . sarcastically ) . Mr. Secretary , such a delightful surprise . reveal : edwin stanton puffing furiously on a fat cigar . secretary of war life 's full of ‘em , Senator reverdy johnson Frederick aiken . of course , you be familiar with we venerable War Secretary , Edwin stanton . aiken yes , of course . it 's a great pleasure , sir . secretary stanton I understand you take two bullet at gettysburg , Colonel , and never quit the field . the pleasure be mine stanton warmly clank aiken 's champagne glass . aiken beam . stanton we can always use a loyal man like you over at the War Department . reverdy johnson my godson work for I now , Ed . it 's time to heal the nation -- not wage war . stanton depend on whose side you be on . reverdy johnson one need not be a yankee to be for Union same as you . stanton well then , I dare say , the enemy be never far from hand . a aide hand stanton a note . stanton read it . reverdy johnson be everything alright ? ; _ stanton ; President lincoln send he regret -- seem Mrs. lincoln make other plan . ... the SOUND of laughter . pull back : int . theater - stage -- night as two actor perform the farce , " we american cousin . " one be dress as a victorian dandy ; the other , as a eccentric backwoodsman . the set be a English draw room . ... the source of laughter pull back : int . theater - balcony BOX -- same as abraham and mary lincoln enjoy the performance . the president tilt back - and -forth in a crimson rock chair the first lady lovingly drape she hand across he knee . a couple in they twenty , major rathbone and clara harris , be seat nearby . ... a p.0.v on the lincoln and they guest . pull back : int . theater - hallway -- same revealing the p.0. V be come from a small peephole in the door lead to the President 's balcony BOX . 6. a sliver of light barely illuminate the viewer 's identity -- JOHN wilk booth , 26 , strikingly attractive and attire . as Booth spy on President lincoln ... match CUT to : ...a tall man with a black felt hat , spying too . pull back : ext . mansion -- same only , he 's watch the entrance to a stately , three - story mansion from across Washington 's Lafayette Square . private residence of Secretary of State Frederick seward the tall man pull a bowie knife from beneath he feel hat , a revolver from he overcoat , and cross the street . he mount the mansion 's front stoop and ring the door bell . a butler answer ... match CUT to : ... the door swinging open . only , instead of the tall man enter , it 's a SMALL man , wear a beaver skin cap ... pull back : int . HOTEL lobby -- same ... and instead of the mansion 's entrance , we be now inside a plush HOTEL lobby , crowded with guest . the residence of vice President Andrew Johnson the short man shuffles uncomfortably amidst all the opulence , he eye flash to a clock on the wall , which read : 10:15 p.m. ... the sudden pop of a champagne cork . pull back : int . century club - ballroom -- same as Baker open a fresh bottle . aiken have rejoin he mate . baker good to see the last four year do someone good . revealing : the stun catherine morgan , early 20' . baker ( cont 'd ) hello , Catherine . catherine too grow up to call I Katie anymore ? baker you be the one who 's grow up . Catherine warmly greet Baker , Hamilton . glance at aiken . catherine johnny reb ' get he tongue ? aiken how be you , Katie ? catherine not a letter from you in 18 month . I should ask how you be ? aiken we do not see much I want to share . catherine ( re. Hamilton ) Bill write I twice a month . aiken that so ? hamilton just check in with the home front . catherine one 's imagination wander when you have not a word . ; aiken ; ; might we have one now - in private ? Catherine nod , turn back to Baker and Hamilton . catherine sure good to see you , boy . aiken escort Catherine away , finger clasped . Hamilton look on with envy . Baker pop a cigar . light a match ... CUT to : ... the startling bang of a pistol . a explosion , like the deep pop of a heavy , paper bag . then , a burst of smoke . and finally , a thud , bullet against bone . pull back : int . theater - presidential BOX -- same as lincoln 's rock cease , and he chin pitch into he chest . mary lincoln clutches he neck to keep he upright . Booth stand a few pace behind -- a brass derringer in he right hand ; a dagger in he leave . Major rathbone dunge for Booth . but Booth swing he dagger wildly , pierce the Major 's leave arm . Booth vault over the front railing , and clip he spur in the bunting , cause he to land awkwardly on the stage below . SNAP ! his leave ankle fracture badly above the in -step . he limp across the stage , stop just long enough to yell ... booth sic semper tyrannis ! revenge for the South . then , rush past daze actor , and escape into the wing . ext . secretary of state seward residence -- same just as Booth 's tall accomplice burst out the front door , he hand drip with blood . int . secretary of state seward residence -- continuous tracking through the house to reveal what 's leave behind : -- first , the tall accomplice 's black felt hat tip on its side , at the bottom of the staircase ; -- then , a guard , cough blood , writhe along the stair ; -- follow by a army aide , badly hurt and bleed , slump on the second floor landing ; -- next , seward be son , alive , but unconscious with a fracture skull , inside a bedroom doorway ; -- and lastly , secretary of state frederick seward , in bed gasp for air and bleed , from a near- fatal facial gash . int . the vice president's residence - HOTEL lobby -- same Booth 's short accomplice , with the beaver skin hat , be freeze with fear on a bar stool , he eye leaden with drink . a soldier cast a suspicious glance he way , cause the fearful associate to flee out the front door , as we CUT to -- int . century club - ballroom - same just as aiken be place a engagement ring on Catherine 's finger . Baker , now piss drunk , celebrate he mate 's new union by drink champagne from he artificial leg . a soldier rush past knock Baker 's leg out of he hand . baker what the hell ? suddenly , Secretary stanton be whisk away under heavy security . follow by several more party - goer . Hamilton approach aiken and Catherine , he face ashen . catherine what be it , Bill ? hamilton they have attack lincoln - and the Secretary of State too . aiken register the shock . as Baker try to locate he leg amidst the tumult , we dissolve to -- a near-riotous crowd assemble outside petersen house , a townhouse across the street from Ford 's theater torch ablaze . Vengeance on many lip . we track with Union major h.w. smith inside -- int . petersen house - bedroom -- continuous a small , slope bedroom adorn with pastoral print . it be a unspectacular set for a spectacular end . doctor , cabinet member and a presbyterian minister surround president lincoln , who be lay diagonally across a bed far too short -- he bare foot angle over the edge . the only sound be of lincoln 's near- final gasp . Major Smith pass a physician carry a bundle of bloodstain towel . Smith continue down the hallway , into -- a adjacent sitting room , now function as a war room -- several actor , still in costume , be be interrogate . Major rathbone be try to console he fiancee , Clara Harris . her clothes be soak with lincoln 's blood . Major Smith survey the chaos -- revealing edwin stanton be in charge . stanton beckon he inside a cloak room . major smith it be the actor , John wilk Booth . stanton be you certain ? major smith they all know he from the theater point to the actor be interrogate in the other room . stanton what about the other assassin ? major smith the only name mention so far be a acquaintance of Booth 's -- a young man name , John surratt . stanton what do we know about he ? major smith twenty - one year of age . live here in the city with he family . mother run a boardinghouse . that 's it . 10 . stanton I guarantee he 's a confederate . find he . find all of they . ( a beat ) I want this city close down . nothing leave Washington without my authorization . no train . no boat . if any one of this assassin get South of the potomac or up into Canada , he will never be find . Major Smith exit . another aide approach . aide Sir , the vice President wish to pay he respects . stanton he may leave that hotel only when I say it 's safe to do so . the aide nod , begin to exit . stanton ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) and keep he away from the liquor . he 's liable to drink himself into a stupor with fright ! mary lincoln let out a pierce wail from the adjacent room . full screen : on President lincoln 's motionless face accompany by more scream . pull back : to reveal the scream be come from a locomotive whistling into the night , wrap in black bunt . lincoln 's face be actually a portrait fix to the front of the train . lincoln 's coffin be inside . montage begins : as the train build speed , we intercut between : lincoln' deification -- newspaper headline chronicle the 1700 mile funeral procession from Washington , D.C. to Springfield , Illinois , he hometown and inal rest place . " 40000 in the rain in Cleveland " ... " 300000 at Independence Hall " ... " half a million along Broadway " stanton' reign of terror -- the round - up of the alleged assassins . Ford 's theater be chain shut ; dozen be arrest in saloon , church , outhouse and home . booth be cornere inside a burning farmhouse . he be shot and kill . another accomplice , david herold , surrender . the final image show be of -- a slender three - story townhouse along a residential street . all appear peaceful . no sign of the hysteria beyond . suddenly , the front door burst open . 11 . six soldier escort a mystery woman , 45 , down the front stoop while she daughter , 22 , be restrain by several troops . the mystery woman be place inside a jail cell . the door be slam shut behind , plunging she world into darkness . montage end fade to black : fade up : on the american flag pull back : ext . U.S. capitol build -- day a_ glimpse of the unmistakable capitol dome , its american flag still fly at half - mast for lincoln . may 10 , 1865 one month later int . U.S. capitol -- continuous aiken race inside the rotunda , nearly knock over a elderly senator in he path . he sprint across statuary hall , past the bust of we found father . aiken continue down a long hallway line with Senate office a stack of legal brief virtually spilling out of he hand . finally , he enter through a enormous oak door bear the brass inscription : United States Senator ( maryland ) reverdy Johnson he find reverdy johnson already long in wait . reverdy johnson mornin ' , young man . Nice of you to show up . aiken my sincerest apology , Senator . I be just finish the land conveyance you request . the Senator perform a cursory review . reverdy johnson you have be up all night on this ? aiken most of it , sir . reverdy johnson plus some carouse with you mate ? aiken just a bit . 12 . reverdy johnson I appreciate you enthusiasm , freddie . I just hope you have not run yourself rag , nor forget the assassin ' Trial begin tomorrow . aiken no one 's talk about anything else . my mate and I hope to squirrel a seat . reverdy johnson well , you have ' squirrele ' a chair instead . aiken how 's that , sir ? the Senator hand aiken a stack of papers . reverdy johnson I be try the case . you will be assist -- my second chair . aiken but I think the government be plan a military court-martial . reverdy johnson indeed . Secretary stanton pick himself nine general to serve as judge -- all for Union and all riend of the late President . int . general chamber -- same revealing buttone revealing fasten int . U.S. the military commission , prepare for trial -- they Union uniform , pin on they medal . reverdy johnson ( v.o . in fact , he 's choose one of lincoln 's pallbearer to head the Commission . the bearded and bespectacle general hunter , 62 , he pearl - handle saber to he hip . CUT back to : capitol -- continuous as aiken and reverdy Johnson continue they conversation through the hallway of the Capitol . aiken if it 's a military trial , will not the War Department be handle the prosecution ? reverdy johnson stanton 's put he most trust in charge of the case -- the Chief adjutant General , Joseph Holt . 13 . int . war department - stanton' office -- same revealing Edwin stanton 's devote aide- de-camp , joseph holt , 56 , as he devise a strategy with the War Secretary . the corner feature a shrine to lincoln from Ford 's theatre -- lincoln 's rock chair , top hat and coat -- blood-stain . CUT back to : ext . U.S. capitol step -- continuous as aiken and reverdy descend the step , which be now line with folk hawk lincoln memorabilia -- death portrait suppose lock of hair ... aiken then , what be we to do ? reverdy johnson defend one of the eight . ken one of the assassin ? reverdy johnson allege , counselor . reverdy Johnson hold up a note . reverdy johnson ( cont 'd ) I receive a letter this morning from the lady , the one with the boardinghouse ... a Mrs. Mary ... the Senator search the note for Mary 's last name . aiken be quick with the answer . aiken surratt . reverdy johnson she say I once help she late husband on a tax matter . aiken but you do not recall ? reverdy johnson Truth be I do not remember ever lay eye on she late husband or she . but she 's from maryland too ... aiken Sir , the government believe she son , John , be Booth 's right -hand . reverdy johnson if they suspect she son , then they ought to try he . 14 . aiken I have hear they have 250 agent out look for he . Senator , you do not know she . but you be still defend er ? reverdy johnson Young man , it matter none if I have hear of Mary surratt -- or she son . she 's entitle to a defense . so , I shall defend she ! reverdy continue onward as aiken remain freeze in place . general hunter ( 0.s. ) Mary eugenia Jenkins surratt ... pull back : int . U.S. arsenal prison - courtroom -- next day as we reveal -- mary surratt , 45 -- dress from head - to - toe in black , she face conceal by a heavy veil . ( she be the mystery woman show earlier be lead from she home . ) general hunter ( cont 'd ) you be charge with conspire , aid and abetting ... general hunter , 62 , read from parchment , he saber dangle by he side . he be surround by the member of the military commission , nine grizzle Union vet , high -ranking all . general hunter ( cont . ) the late John wilk Booth -- and he confederate ... seven ' confederate ' be reveal beside Mary surratt as each name be call . they be seat inside a raise prisoner ' dock . all be in they twenty or early thirty . general hunter ( cont 'd . ) David herold , Michael o'laughlin , Edward span fer , Dr. Samuel mudd Samuel Arnold , George atzerodt and Lewis Payne ... ( note : Lewis Payne be readily identifiable as Booth 's tall accomplice ; George atzerodt as he short one . ) general hunter ( cont 'd ) in a treasonous plot to murder President abraham lincoln ; vice President Andrew Johnson ; and Secretary of State William seward ... the packed courtroom stir with each charge . hastily convert a barracks into a courtroom inside the prison for security reason , the chamber measure only 55 - foot x 20 - foot with a 11 - foot high ceiling . the wall be freshly white - wash . all four window be bar . 15 . the PRESS and judge be seat at long table cut the room lengthwise . the gallery ( by invitation only ) be cramme in at the rear . armed soldier be station throughout . general hunter ( cont 'd . ) pursuant to special order # 211 and # 216 , do the accuse wish to offer a plea ? the veile defendant be freeze with fear . general hunter ( cont 'd ) what say you , madam ? guilty or not . Mary surratt remove she veil revealing a handsome face . . mary surratt I be innocent . general hunter of all charge ? mary yes , sir . I most certainly be . general hunter in that case , as each defendant have enter a not guilty plea , we will begin with the woman first -- the United States versus Mary surratt . General Hunter look to the prosecution table position advantageously by he side . general hunter ( cont 'd ) Major Holt , please proceed . Joseph Holt rise to begin , he chest laden with medal . he be surround by a half -dozen associate . reverdy johnson just a moment , you honor reverdy Johnson rise directly in front of Mary surratt . Frederick aiken , he lone associate , remain seat beside . general hunter what be it , Senator ? reverdy johnson I wish to request a adjournment . general hunter a adjournment ! we just get here . even the lawyer defend the other prisoner seem shocked . reverdy johnson the defendant have be in custod for over a month . but be not allow to contact counsel until yesterday . ( more ) 16 . reverdy johnson ( cont 'd ) I have still not be permit to meet with she . joseph holt you honor , a delay will only serve to prolong the nation 's sorrow . reverdy johnson my learn colleague , you have have four week to prepare you case . no doubt , assist by the entire War Department . I believe the defendant be entitle to equal consideration . general hunter Senator , we fellow citizen must be allow to put this tra edy to rest . the sooner we dispose of this case , the better for everyone . reverdy johnson everyone but my client . general hunter proceed , Major . Holt rise . reverdy johnson in that case , I move for termination . | | general hunter termination ! aiken turn to the Gallery spot Baker , Hamilton and Catherine . aiken look as if he would rather be anywhere else . reverdy johnson on the grounds this trial be unconstitutional ! jehe , allery stir ) the defendant be a civilian entitle to a public trial before a jury of she peer . not a military court - martial . joseph holt military court adjudicate matter involve civilian throughout the war . reverdy johnson May I remind the distinguished Major the war be over . moreover , the civi. court in Washington remain open throughout the entire conflict . and continue to be , as we speak 17 . joseph holt and may I remind the Senator , the Attorney General affirm the legitimacy of this proceeding : Holt reach for a document , which he read aloud . joseph holt ( cont 'd ) " person conspire to assassinate the President -- the Commander - in- Chief -- be consider enemy of the State . and shall be judge by a military tribunal , as would soldier belong to a hostile force . " reverdy johnson " soldier ! ' surely , no member of this Commission recall a figure as lovely as this under he command ? the Senator playfully draw gattery ss physique in the air , prompt laughter from the galle general hunter Senator , you will mind the horror which summon we . reverdy johnson gentlemen , we all mourn the loss of we most cherish leader . but , in we grief , let we not betray we better judgment and execute a reign of terror . major general harris , a member of the military Commission shout out with a heavy New England accent . general harris " reign of terror . ' how dare you ! reverdy johnson every right -mind citizen desire the punishment of that responsible . but one must be judge accor ding to the law -- not as passion see fi general hunter Senator , I assure you this tribunal will make every effort to protect the rights of that on trial . but , all Americans have the right to feel safe and secure . reverdy johnson none of we be safe when a citizen can be drag from she home , hold without charge and deny access to counsel -- merely on a suspicion ? another Commission member , major general kautz , mock reverdy Johnson 's southern accent . kautz be a New englander . 18 . general kautz " mearlay onah suhspicion . ' sound to I like the enemy be among we . I recall maryland be not among we most loyal state during the War . I think its Senator ought to certify he allegiance to this court . brigadier general howe chime in with he Philadelphia accent . general howe I quite agree . make he sign . reverdy johnson I have serve this nation as its Attorney General . that be certification enough . General kautz hold up a contract . general kautz nevertheless , Senator . we may require counsel to sign this oath of loyalty as prescribe by Congress . reverdy johnson i_am a member of Congress ! the branch of government empower to authorize military tribunal like this . general hunter we authorization come from the War Secretary , Edwin stanton -- by order of the President of the United States . reverdy johnson have we founding father desire tyranny to prevail , I be sure they would have intend for the President and he War Secretary to have such indiscriminate power . ( seethe ) but they draft a constitution with law limit power , not trust in human nature to limit itself -- precisely for time like this : ( lose he temper ) when we leader claim to be serve the people ... when , in fact , they be only serve themselves . the Gallery erupt . the prisoner beat iron against wood . General Hunter slam he gavel , repeatedly . general hunter order ... order ... silence ! order be barely restore . general hunter ( cont 'd ) this court will stand in recess . Senator . in chamber ! 19 . off aiken woefully glance at he mate , then at Catherine . int . U.S. arsenal prison - hallway -- a short time later the prison corridor outside the general ' chamber be near - riotous -- rabid reporter , excited spectator , and the like . moment later , reverdy Johnson appear in the hallway with aiken in - tow . the inquisitive PRESS converge in a frenzy . Johnson pull aiken into a back stairwell to escape the hoard . a soldier bar anyone else from follow . as aiken trail he boss upstairs , he face be fill with panic . the pair be in mid-conversation . aiken .. but you can not be serious . reverdy johnson as serious as the charge against we client . aiken but defend she ? I ! reverdy johnson she do not stand a chance with a southerner like I represent she she need a yankee colonel like you . aiken yes , but -- reverdy johnson -- you will do fine , son . we nation still have never execute a woman . aiken this nation never consider a woman , or aman for that matter , capable of murdering the President . I be sorry but I can not take on this case . reverdy johnson " course you can , boy . they teach you something ' at Harvard , do not they ? atken I mean , I will not ( off reverdy 's glare ) I will not defend he not someone who murder my Commander - in-chief . two soldier descend the stair past aiken and reverdy . they be guard a attractive , unidentified woman , 22 . she 's just overhear aiken and stare he down . aiken uncomfortable , wait for she to pass before continue . 20 . aiken ( cont 'd ) with all due respect , sir , I will gladly find you a rebel to represent she . reverdy johnson no court in the Union would judge that woman fairly with confederate counsel . aiken most folk I know wish for she what happen to Booth . reverdy johnson no doubt you would gladly pull the trigger yourself . aiken I would hardly be alone . aiken point to a crowd outside the prison wall -- lincoln devotee hold shrine to lincoln . aiken ( cont 'd ) look at lincoln now ! remember how so many use to hate he . now , no one dare utter a word against he , let alone defend he murderer reverdy johnson allege , counselor . aiken ; you do not honestly believe she 's innocent ? reverdy johnson ' til prove otherwise . aiken I will not betray my country , sir . nor my friend who die in battle defend it . the pair now stand directly in front of the courtroom door . reverdy johnson I be not suggest you betray you allegiance . I be simply ask , rather , tell you to uphold you oath ee a attorney and do you job ! eat I demand nothing more . and I assure you , neither you mother or father would have accept anything less ! aiken waver . aiken Sir , I do not see how I can possibly walk in there . 21 . reverdy johnson Son , sometimes a man must be willing to ' walk ' on faith alone . a beat as we begin to hear ... holt ( 0.s. ) the conspirator attempt what the confederacy could not accomplish in at full screen : on aiken listen to Holt 's open argument . int . courtroom -- moment later holt ( 0.s. ) to destroy we nation by strike at we chain of command -- target not_only we President , but the next in line : he vice President and Secretary of State . ( aiken look distress ) that a woman - a mother with child - build the nest where this vile conspiracy be hatched , operate a safe- house for the assassin to meet . pull back : to reveal Mary over aiken 's shoulder . both look equally panicked but for different reason . holt ( 0.s. ) make Mary surratt as guilty of this crime as John wilk Booth himself ! ext . U.S. arsenal penitentiary -- later that evening a union soldier escort aiken across the prison grounds -- a fortress surround by brick wall top by armed sentries . just beyond the high wall jame creek , the foul smell repository for much of washington " 's waste . blankete the courtyard be a tent encampment housing the soldier , who be guard the prisoner on trial . aiken cross through the encampment . soldier gather and stare . some salute Colonel aiken . other turn they back . int . penitentiary - corridor -- continuous we continue with aiken and he armed escort down a long corridor line with cell -- each cell be pack with prisoner . some face be familiar -- the actor be interrogate after lincoln 's assassination . they be still wear they costume , now in tatter . off aiken 's look of confusion , the Guard offer up -- guard the witnesses , sir . 22 . aiken how long have they be here ? guard coupla month . aiken be escort through a pair of huge iron door . as he continue down a second story catwalk , we reveal -- the conspirator ' cell , eight in all . Inside each cell aiken discover the same horrifying sight -- a prisoner , in solitary , head cover by a canvas hood , no slot for see , barely a hole for breathe . leg and arm be chain to iron ball . wrist be separate by pierce metal manacle . iken be all this necessary ? guard accord to order . aiken whose ? guard Secretary stanton , sir aiken linger momentarily to ponder , then continue towards the final cell at the end of the corridor . int . mary surratt' cell -- continuous cell door number 200 swing open as aiken step inside . mary be crouching on all four , chain like a barnyard animal . though not force to wear a hood , she anklet and wrist cuff be painfully attach . straw be spread beneath she ; a bucket for bodily function be nearby . the Guard remain at the door aiken thank you , private . that will be all . the Guard do not move . aiken ( cont 'd ) this meeting be confidential . _ guard sorry , sir . mary ( 0.s. ) where 's the Senator ? aiken turn toward Mary . aiken ma'am , he 's instruct I to handle you case . 23 . mary really ? aiken be there a problem ? mary no disrespect , mister ... aiken Frederick aiken . mary Mr. aiken , how many year have you ? aiken I be a month past 28 . mary Young man , you be barely older than my son . aiken the Senator would not have place I in this position unless he have complete confidence in my ability . mary I take it then you have handle case like this before ? aiken ma'am , there 's never be a case like this before . mary , but , you have defend other ? aiken be silent . mary ( cont 'd ) I see they have leave nothing to chance . aiken I take it then you would prefer to conduct you own defense ? a beat . off Mary 's silence , aiken open he note . aiken ( cont 'd ) very well . I understand you own a boardinghouse at 604 h Street , be that correct ? mary yes . aiken await more information . Mary offer none . 24 . ma'am , all I know about you be what I have read in the papers . and what they be report be not flatter . Mary grudgingly . mary I move there a year ago with my son and daughter after my husband pass away . aiken the conspirator be frequent visitor to you boardinghouse , be they not ? aiken do not even bother to call they alleged conspirator . mary as be many other . aiken but , you do not deny have be acquainted with John wilk Booth or the other prisoner behind bar ? mary no , sir . I do not. ( sternly ) Mr. aiken , my husband die a drunk leave I with load of debt . I have no other way to support my family , except by rent room to border . I consider that man customer , nothing more . / aiken ; ; do you ' consider ' they sentiment ? mary I do not inquire as to they " sentiment , ' sir . aiken what about yours , mar 'am ? mary I be a southerner by birth , a Christian by belief , and a devote mother above all else . and I be no assassin ! aiken ma'am , you freedom will depend on far more assurance than that . mary well , then you tell I what I should say to that Generals ? a beat . 25 . aiken nothing . the rule prohibit you from testify in you own defense . I suppose you know of someone else who would ? you son , John , perhaps . any idea where he might be ? mary I do not . even at 21 , Mr. aiken he 's still my baby . my son will be keep out of this . aiken that will not be easy , mar 'am . he 's on the want poster . aiken ( cont 'd ) how about he roommate , Louis wiechmann ? shall I call on he to testify ? mary louie be like a member of my family . I do not want any harm come to he on account of I . aiken be there anyone I can call upon to give you version of event ? mary _ ; ; who be they call to give they version ? aiken the government be not revealing its list of witness , or the evidence it plan to use against you . mary they can not do that , can they ? aiken this be a military proceeding in which the government can do just about anything it choose . of course , it make prepare a defense more difficult . mary of course . but what difference do it make ? even this fail eye of mine can see that Generals make up they mind -- just by the way they be look at I . aiken " look " at you ? 26 . mary just like you , Colonel . a guard appear with Mary 's dinner , hardly appetizing . aiken head for the door . aiken I must go . mary Mr. aiken ( aiken stop ) I have not a word from my daughter since they put I here . would you check on she for I ? please . he reluctantly nod . mary ( cont 'd ) thank you , Mr. aiken . I see you have get a spark of human feel in you after all . ext . surratt boardinghouse -- later that night the three - story townhouse see during the round - up of the alleged assassin . aiken climb the front stoop and knock . a Union soldier be post outside she door . aiken feel a presence behind -- neighbor spying from window and doorway . aiken flip he collar to conceal he identity . finally , the boardinghouse door open . aiken Anna surratt ? revealing : anna surratt , 22 -- a beautiful young woman who 's have to grow up very fast . aiken . ( cont 'd ) my name be Frederick ... anna surratt I know who you be , Mr. aiken . aiken then you know I be represent you mother . anna surratt I be under the impression you could not -- or rather , " would not " . aiken now place she from the stairwell inside the courthouse . aiken I be sorry you hear that . it be mean to be a private conversation . aiken nervously glance back at the neighbor . 27 . anna be you afraid or just embarrassed to be see with I , Mr. aiken ? aiken you mother ask that I check on you . anna if you will be so kind , please tell she not to worry . she begin to close the door . aiken actually , I be hope to get a look inside . he begin to enter . she momentarily block he path , then reluctantly step aside so he can enter . int . vestibule -- continuous as aiken enter the boardinghouse , he survey the scene . aiken be you the only one here ? anna Business tend to slow down when there 's a soldier station out front day and night for my " protection " . aiken I will take that as a " yes " ? anna yes . aiken move from room - to-room -- each strikingly cozy and familial . daguerreotype of the surratt line the mantel . aiken ( under he breath ) it 's perfect . anna pardon . aiken sorry , it 's nothing . anna please , do tell . aiken say nothing . anna ( cont 'd ) Mr. aiken , I be sure I have hear much worse in the past month . 28 . aiken very well . I be think this would be the perfect place to conspire to overthrow the government . anna no one would ever suspect , right ? aiken do not know what to make of Anna . aiken May I take a look upstairs ? Anna know why aiken be here . without miss a beat -- anna my brother 's room be the third on the leave . int . second floor -- a short while later aiken ascend the narrow staircase up to the second floor , then cross down a short hallway . he enter a small bedroom with two single bed , a desk and dresser inside . aiken begin to carefully search the bedroom -- underneath the bed , the desk , then inside the dresser . he find undergarment , roll sock ... and , finally , a slip of paper . just as he pocket the paper , aiken be startle from behind . anna find what you be look for ? aiken quickly recover . rise . aiken Louis wiechmann share this room , correct ? anna that 's correct . aiken have you see he recently ? anna no , I have not . do you see much action ? Anna be stare at aiken 's uniform . aiken a bit . anna kill any on we side ? a beat . 29 . aiken miss surratt , do you have record indicate who stay here ? a registry ? a book of account ? ( no reply ) do you want I to help you mother or not ? we hold on Anna , as we CUT to -- full screen : on a floorboard be pried loose pull back : int . vestibule -- short time later as Anna produce a registry from beneath the floorboard . she hand it to aiken . aiken anything else you be hide ? anna such as ? aiken you brother to start . ( silence ) if you know where he be , I need to know . be that clear ? anna do you have sibling , Mr. aiken ? aiken no . anna I think not . suddenly , there be a tremendous crash -- Glass spray across the floor aiken dive on top of Anna , place they nose - to-nose . a large rock rest beside they , inscribe in blood - red : die rebel die aiken pull himself off Anna , race outside revolver draw ... ext . boardinghouse -- continuous aiken turn to the Guard outside the door , still stand in place as if nothing have happen . aiken who do that ? soldier do what , sir ? you be tell I you do not just see someone throw that rock 30 . soldier guess I miss it , sir . aiken get it . he return back inside ... int . boardinghouse -- continuous aiken command Anna , he gun still draw . aiken pack up . I be get you out of here . anna I be not go anywhere . aiken it 's not safe for you to be here all alone . Anna calmly pick up the rock , and walk it across the room . anna I have manage thus far . she place the rock on a shelf , step back revealing a small pile of similar rock . aiken let 's go . I will arrange for other accommodation . anna ; ; a cell at arsenal penitentiary ? no , thank you . aiken I will not have it on my conscience should something happen to you . anna would you please holster you weapon , Colonel . off Anna remain resolute , we CUT to -- int . bedroom -- short while later as aiken now prepare Louis wiechmann 's bed for sleep . anna Breakfast be at seven . Supper at six . aiken this be only for one night . I will have a new guard post out front tomorrow . as Anna start to exit , she call out . 31 . anna you be on you own for lunch . fade to black : remain in darkness and silence for several beat ... indicate the passage of time ... then the SOUND of a slamming door . aiken light a lantern as we -- fade up : int . bedroom -- hour later , middle of the night aiken , startle awake from a deep sleep , try to make out the voice come from downstairs , accompany by boot clomping across hardwood floor . he rise from wiechmann 's bed , head toward the noise -- stairwell , tiptoe downstairs to the -- ground floor , the voice grow louder as he near the parlor door , which be slightly ajar . aiken creep forward , try to peek inside . aiken 's Pov : of a half - dozen men crowded around a table . Anna be serve they coffee . aiken inch closer to get a better look . the floorboard buckle beneath in the spot where Anna hide the registry . the creak of the floorboard silence the voice inside . suddenly , the door swing open on aiken . he be freeze in place . male voice ( 0.s. ) what keep you , freddie ? we have be wait a long time . aiken 's expression turn to shock as we reveal the speaker 's identity -- JOHN wilk booth . slam CUT to : present time : int . bedroom aiken wake with a start from he bad dream . his brow be soak with sweat , concern etched across aiken 's face . fade to black : fade up : ext . U.S. arsenal prison - front gate -- next morning the atmosphere outside the prison be part -carnival , part - mob -- vendor hawk souvenirs and refreshment , while a angry mob eagerly await the first witness in Mary surratt 's trial . 32 . they be carry placard call for the prisoner ' head . a life-size effigy of Mary surratt hang from a lamp pole . mary surratt ( 0.s. ) how be she ? pull back : int . courtroom -- same Mary lean across the bar to confer with aiken . the other prisoner on trial be seat beside she . aiken you daughter be ... fine . she 's look forward to the day you come home . mary it 's nice of you to say -- even if you do not think that day be come any time soon . holt ( 0.s. ) in the matter of the United States v. Mary surratt ... the prosecutor , joseph holt , announce to the court . holt . ... the people call as they first witness -- Lieutenant Louis wiechmann . louis wiechmann , 22 , march in , patriotism personify -- resplendent in Union blue . he settles confidently into the witness BOX , at center , as the bailiff stand ready . aiken lean over to Mary . aiken why would the prosecution be call he ? mary I have no idea . bailiff take this Bible in you right hand . now repeat after I . Mary look at wiechmann , who , in turn , look away . bailiff / weichmann ( responsively ) the evidence I shall give before this Court , shall be the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth . Major Holt approach the witness . holt ( 0.s. ) Lieutenant wiechmann , be you acquainted with the defendant , Mary surratt ? 33 . wiechmann yes . yes , I be . I attend divinity college with she son , John . holt until recently you reside at the boardinghouse own by Mrs. surratt . be not that correct ? wiechmann that be correct , sir . Holt gesture to the prisoner ' dock holt be any of that prisoner ever present in she home ? wiechmann yes , sir . that five to the right . point at the five furthest to the right -- herold , arnold , o'laughlin , atzerodt and payne . wiechmann ( cont 'd ) they be ' present ' many time . holt at whose invitation ? wiechmann her so n's . aiken objection ! holt objection ? aiken rise , but tentatively . aiken uh , yes , there 's no way of know ... I mean no foundation John surratt even know this man -- let alone invite they . and since Mr. surratt 's whereabouts are_unknown at this time , the question call for speculation . general hunter Mr. surratt 's absence from this roceed be Mr. surratt 's problem . bjection overrule . continue , Major ou aiken sit down . holt be John wilk Booth a frequent guest of John surratt 's ? 34 . wiechmann indeed . but all the surratt adore he . John . his sister , Anna . and they mother , too . wiechmann glance at Mary . holt be there ever meeting at the boardinghouse involve Mr. Booth ? wiechmann many . sometimes last two , three hour . and always in secret , behind close door . holt do you ever see Mary surratt object to this meeting ? . wiechmann no , sir . holt or to the presence of that man ? point at the prisoner . wiechmann and Mary 's eye meet , then wiechmann look away . wiechmann no , I do not . she appear to welcome they . holt thank you , Lieutenant . thank you very much . that will be all for now . wiechmann rise and begin to leave . aiken be fumble through he note . he seem lose . aiken ( 0.s. ) how long do you say this ' secret meeting ' last ? wiechmann stop in he track . returns to the witness box . wiechmann at least , two ... three hour . aiken yes , that 's right . finally , aiken look up from he note . aiken . ( cont 'd ) so , if you be timing they , Lieutenant ... then , I suppose , this " secret meeting ' be not actually a secret keep from you . 35 . wiechmann I know about they , sir . but , I have no knowledge of what they be about . aiken that 's because you never attend any yourself ? wiechmann exactly ! aiken and why be that ? wiechmann I think they suspicious . aiken " suspicious ' ! so then , you do know what they be about ? wiechmann no , sir . I do not . aiken then why be you suspicion arouse ? wiechmann by the snatch of rebel conversation I overhear in the hallway . and by they frequent whisperings . aiken well , in that case . why do not you immediately report you ' suspicion ' to you superior at the War Department ? wiechmann my suspicion be not of a fix and settle nature . aiken " fix and settle . ' be you instruct to use that word ? wiechmann absolutely not . aiken ponder a moment , then sit down . general hunter if there 's nothing else , Colonel . aiken uh , I do have something else , sir . tell I , Mr. wiechmann . tell we . have you ever be to Richmond ? holt objection . 36 . aiken I merely wish to know if the Lieutenant have ever visit the capital of Virginia - and confederacy . General Hunter nod for wiechmann to answer . wiechmann I do not recall . aiken withdraw the slip of paper -- the one he pockete the night before at the boardinghouse . aiken perhaps , this train receipt will refresh you memory . it indicate passage to Richmond , and have you name on it . wiechmann yes . that 's right . I consider continue my divinity study there after the war . I plan on become a minister . aiken a noble call , indeed . at what institute in Richmond do you think of enrol ? wiechmann the name ? aiken yes , Lieutenant . the name ! wiechmann well , ah ... holt objection ! aiken there be no academy of the kind in Richmond , be there , sir ? holt objection , you honor ! aiken perhaps , you visit Richmond for another purpose entirely ? holt the question be argumentative . aiken I will withdraw the question . Lieutenant , you work for the General in charge of rebel prisoner , do you not ? 37 . wiechmann yeah , so ? aiken so perhaps , a distinguished clerk like yourself know information . wiechmann what sort of ' information ' ? aiken of the sort that might have be of divine interest to many rebel within the capital of the confederacy . | ; holt . objection , you honor ! the witness be not on trial here . the prisoner , lewis payne , yell out from the dock . lewis payne he ought to be ! general hunter objection allow . the witness be not on trial . aiken Sir , I be simply try to establish the’ credibility ... or rather , the lack of credibility . holt objection ! general hunter Colonel aiken , you be incriminate the witness . aiken " incriminate the witness " ! the Lieutenant share a room with John surratt . I think it reasonable to conclude Mr. wiechmann might know a thing or two about this plot to assassinate we President . holt what the Colonel be entirely irrelevant ! general hunter counselor , unless you have something more pertinent to ask , the witness will stand down . ; aiken ; no , sir . no . I have nothing more " pertinent " to ask . you honor " conclude " 38 . ext . century club -- early evening a discrete brass sign be all that identify the entrance . illuminate by gas lantern , it say all one need to know about the elite , all - male social club inside : the century Club - a gentleman 's preserve - int . century club - smoking room -- same aiken enter the smoke-filled room . a half -dozen youn hotshot , include Baker and Hamilton , be play poker . hamilton someone should tell the Colonel he 's get on the wrong uniform . aiken I think we be permit to dress down in here , if no lady be present . baker Fred 's right . hamilton my mistake then . I just think the Colonel trade he blue for gray . several laugh at aiken . aiken be treasury now hire arselicker or do they make a exception for you , Bill ? ' Cause after I be do make a name for myself in the trial of the century , I will need to protect my rear . the man start laugh at Hamilton . hamilton that name be juda . Hamilton rise . square off with aiken . baker knock it off , Hamilton . aiken , sit down and join the game . aiken I have get to prepare for trial . baker you have get time enough for a drink . Hamilton 's buy . aiken reluctantly take a seat . Baker deal aiken in . baker ( cont 'd ) so , freddie . tell we . how do you know ? 39 . aiken " know " ? baker that the Lieutenant be lie . that there 's no divinity schoo in '' all of Richmond . aiken I do not . baker you bluff ? aiken and he fold . several chuckle aloud with the notable exception of Hamilton , who refuse to join in any adoration of aiken . at that instant , secretary stanton pass by the door . stanton hold a_ menace gaze on aiken for several moment before exite frame . Hamilton observe the exchange . hamilton appear the Secretary do not care much for you card ! hold on : aiken look visibly troubled . int . U.S. capitol - reverdy johnson' office - next morning aiken , still concerned , confer with reverdy Johnson , who be review the previous day 's trial transcript . aiken he do not look pleased . reverdy johnson you cross be not exactly what stanton 's kangaroo court have in mind . I be sorry I be not there to enjoy it . reverdy smile . aiken do not . aiken wiechmann would have say anything to save he hide . but it still do not justify Mary surratt befriend Booth or the other . reverdy johnson the making of a case , but hardly proof beyond a reasonable doubt . aiken ; what about that " secret meeting " wiechmann testify to ? 40 . reverdy johnson Louis wiechmann be a liar . you practically say so in court . aiken wiechmann be just the start . who know what else they have get on she reverdy johnson exactly . _' Cause stanton be keep it under lock and key -- in violation of every know rule of evidence . aiken if the Secretary 's so out of line , why be we the only one say so ? not one court in the nation have object to this tribunal . and the public support it ten to one . reverdy johnson because everyone 's scared to death . you do read cicero at that fancy school of yours ? aiken nod . reverdy johnson ( cont 'd ) inter arma Silent lege . aiken " in time of war , the law be silent . " ( a beat ) but the war be over . reverdy johnson stanton intend to keep it alive for as long as he see fit . reverdy push a newspaper in front of aiken . headline read : stanton warn of future rebel plot : poison Nation 's Water supply , spread smallpox & firebombing city reverdy johnson ( cont 'd ) fear be the most potent weapon in the Secretary 's arsenal . aiken who 's to say any of this will not happen ? the unthinkable already have . 600,000 man slaughter on the battlefield . we President murder while in office . the world have change -- and so must we . reverdy johnson do not be so eager to throw away Mary surratt 's rights . one day , you may need they . 41 . aiken Sir , I appreciate you confidence in I . I really do . but you should find someone who give a damn if she rights be violate . I do not . not after what she do . reverdy johnson you be right , Fred . I can not expect you to care . I will tell you what : if you prove to_me beyond a reasonable doubt she 's guilty , I will take you off this case . aiken | be you serious , sir ? reverdy nod . aiken smile . | _. reverdy johnson you think it will be that easy ? aiken I know it . ext . U.S. arsenal prison -- morning as the SUN beat down on the prison wall . int . mary surratt' cell -- same aiken enter and find Mary , to his_surprise kneel in prayer before a Catholic priest , father walter , late - 30' aiken pardon I , Father . I wish to confer with the prisoner . mary speak freely , Mr. aiken . aiken alone , if you do not mind . mary all thing be naked and open unto the eye of the Lord . father walter quite all right , Mary . I must be go anyway . see you in a week . mary thank you for visit , Father walter you word be most comforting . Father walter depart . Mary put aside she Bible , remove she read glass . mary ( cont 'd ) search I , and know my heart ( more ) a beat . 42 . mary ( cont 'd ) try I , and know my thought . and see if there be any wick way in I . aiken the Lord know the way of the wick , and the way of the wick will perish . mary you know you proverbs , young man . aiken my father read they to I each night . mary be that right ? aiken Said it contain all I need to know . good versus evil , right versus wrong . mary be you world so black and white ? aiken when it come to do what 's right . mary so , what be it you wish to know ? aiken why Booth and he associate be constantly in you home ? mary I run a boardinghouse , Mr. aiken . forgive I if I choose to fill it with border . aiken I check you registry . there 's no record Booth ever stay with you . fact be , he check into the National whenever he come to town . so , why be he a regular in you home ? mary I suppose my son invite he . they be friend . aiken a famous actor like Booth engage you son out of friendship . I find hat hard to believe . 43 . mary ny johnnie be no less a gentleman than you , Mr. aiken , and capable of form acquaintance in society . aiken I have read all about you family 's acquaintance , mar 'am . about you late husband contribute to the confederate cause ; about you eldest son , Isaac , fight for the rebel army down in Texas ; and about you ' gentleman ' johnnie , too . mary what about he ? aiken he make quite a sum as a confederate courier carry rebel secret across enemy line . so , I know damn well what you family 's capable of , and I know you be not tell I the truth . mary then you know what I do not . aiken you be despondent over lose the war , and would have do anything to save the confederacy -- include use you own son , John . mary honestly , Mr. aiken . aiken so , you arrange a meeting with Booth -- figure he would befriend you son because of what John know -- what expert courier know -- mary and what might that be ? aiken the best escape route out - of-town . mary I take it there 's more . aiken you son be suppose to lead the other assassin to freedom that night . except , you son be the only one that get away . mary quite persuasive , Mr. aiken . except my son be up in Canada at the time of the assassination . 44 . aiken where exactly in Canada be he ? mary exactly , I do not know . off aiken 's disbelief . mary ( cont 'd ) do you mother know you exact whereabouts at all time ? silence . mary ( cont 'd ) very well . Mary withdraw a wrinkle postcard from inside she corset . mary ( cont 'd ) my son send this to I from Canada , the same day as the assassination . prove he be out - of- town that night . aiken prove nothing . he could have have it send . aiken drop the card . it flutter to the cell floor . Mary scramble in she chain to retrieve it . aiken look down at Mary with a cold detachment . aiken ( cont 'd ) perhaps , to save you daughter , you would consider tell I the truth . Mary turn , look up beseechingly at aiken . mary what 's happen to Anna ? aiken lie to she . aiken she 's disappear . mary where to ? aiken I have no idea . I suspect they intend to hang she alongside of you . mary , you be cruel , Colonel aiken . aiken if you want to help she , mar 'am , you better start tell I the truth . 45 . mary I will tell you anything to protect my daughter . even if it mean confess to something I do not do . aiken Guard . aiken rap on the cell door aiken ( cont 'd ) I be not defend you lie any longer . and I damn well be not make enemy on account of you . aiken begin to exit . mary you say you want the truth , Mr. aiken . but you be so blind with vengeance , you can not see it anymore . aiken try I . mary my son abhorre the North . we all do ! how can a southerner not feel anything but bitterness towards you side for deny we we independence ? but , my son do not conspire to kill you President . a beat . aiken turn to leave . mary ( cont 'd ) he conspire to kidnap he . aiken stop dead in he track . aiken kidnap lincoln ? CUT to : ...a slender man , 21 , with wispy goatee atop a horse . pull back : ext . country road -- day ( flashback ) it be JOHN surratt , and he 's conceal in the bush along a remote road . six more horsemen be hide on either side . all but John surratt be familiar from the trial -- atzerodt , arnold , herold , o'laughlin , payne and booth . a fancy carriage approach from around the bend . the kidnapper await Booth 's signal to strike . suddenly , surratt 's horse buck prematurely . the coachman spot he , then the other . he strike he whip , plunging he carriage forward . Booth signal to pursue . 46 . the carriage race ahead . Booth and Payne cut through the wood . the coachman take it too fast around a curve , cause he carriage to pitch momentarily onto two wheel . Booth and Payne intercept the carriage , they rifle draw . surratt be the last to pull up alongside . everything be already well under control . the coachman be unlock the carriage door . but surratt be overeager and poke he with he gun . JOHN surratt we get ourselves abe . he exclaim as the carriage door be pull open , revealing -- two middle - aged lady -- corpulent and panic-stricken . Booth look dagger at surratt . ext./ int . surratt boardinghouse -- later ( flashback cont . ) the fail kidnapper ride up to the front stoop , as see from Mary 's Pov out the parlor window . as John surratt lead the other inside , Mary retreat to the back of the house where Anna be clean . mary Anna , upstairs . anna mother . mary now . Anna head upstairs . Mary remain . she can barely make out what be be say down the hall . SAMUEL arnold , 31 , be bark at david herold , 23 . SAMUEL arnold the war be lose now ' cause of you . david herold I be tell he would be there . JOHN surratt he 's right . I hear the same thing . michael o'laughlin ( to surratt ) you could not even control you mount . lewis payne fool like you two be the reason we be lose this fight . Payne push surratt . o'laughlin square off with herold . Booth raise he pistol . he point the barrel at herold . booth enough ! 47 . david herold I be sorry . it will not happen again . then he aim it at surratt . hold it there . JOHN surratt wilk , what be you do ? Booth finger the trigger . Mary call out . mary ( 0.s. johnnie surratt , I would like a word with you . Booth lower he gun . booth answer , johnnie . you mommy 's call . off the other laugh at the young man , we CUT back to -- present time : int . mary cell -- aiken be rapt as Mary reveal the detail of the plot . mary seem they plan on ransoming he in_exchange for all the confederate soldier keep inside you prison . aiken why do not you report they to the authority ? mary " Cause one of ' they ' be my son . aiken instead of kidnap the President you son help murder he -- and he nearly get the vice President and Secretary of State as well . mary _ no. not my johnnie . ; aiken / damn it , mar 'am . you just say so yourself . _ mary no , my son be not a murderer . aiken thrust Mary 's bible at she . _ aiken swear to it . Mary 's agony be evident ... as we CUT to -- 48 . int . surratt boardinghouse -- night ( flashback ) downstair , Anna cook a meal for many . upstair , Mary enter she son 's bedroom to find John busy pack . mary wash up , johnnie . Supper will be ready shortly . JOHN surratt I can not stay , mama . I have to leave town straightaway . mary what could be more press than fry chicken ? JOHN surratt nothing that need worry you . just some cotton speculate , that 's all . mary do not sport with I , son ! you be not step outside this house . JOHN surratt do not speak to I like I be a child . mary you and Anna be all the family I have get leave . I will be damned if I let you run off and do something else oolish . JOHN " foolish ! " what I be fight for be far more important than any of we . mary sweetheart , nine tenth of we army be bury underground . you think they will wait until we grow another ? the war be all but over , love . there be nothing more you can do . JOHN the war be far from over , mother there 's still much we can do ! John turn to leave . Mary grab hold . mary John , please . JOHN unhand I , mother . but Mary will not let go . John push Mary as he try to break free . she stumble , bang she face on the table -- cut she eyebrow . blood begin to trickle down she face . 49 . booth ( 0.s. ) ( shout from downstairs ) John , be you come or not ? JOHN surratt for God 's sake , mother , if this cause be not worth die for , what be ? he turn and exit . off Mary 's dismay we CUT back to -- aiken ( 0.s. ) and this happen when ? present time : int . mary cell -- a scar , now heal , be above Mary 's right eye . mary April 3rd . aiken eleven day prior to the assassination ? Mary nod . tear be streaking she face . aiken ( cont 'd ) so then you admit you son do conspire to murder President lincoln ? mary I do not know . aiken May God help you . aiken turn for the door mary honestly , I do not . Lord , I pray not . I only know that I do not . ( a beat ) I swear . Mary 's hand be on the Bible . off aiken and Mary in silence . ext . arsenal penitentiary -- moment later , dusk as aiken exit the front gate . he stop and turn back toward the prison -- with a look of stunne disbelief . and then continue on he way ... ext . boardinghouse -- short time later aiken purposefully ascend the front stoop . he salute the new soldier post out front , and enter without knock . int . boardinghouse -- continuous 50 . aiken beeline for Anna , who be sweeping up shattered glass . aiken you know about the train ticket , do not you ? anna and good evening to you , Colonel . do you see my mother ? aiken she 's fine . anna you tell she not to worry about I ? again , aiken lie . aiken yes , I tell she . why do not you just give I the ticket ? instead of oping I would find it . Anna ascend a ladder to fix a break window . anna because you never would have offer it in Court . aiken what be you talk about ? anna chain of custody : the ability to guarantee evidence from collection to presentation in Court . off aiken 's surprised look , Anna explain -- anna ( cont 'd ) counselor , a boardinghouse with no guest leave one with plenty of spare time . then nod to a stack of law journal nearby . aiken then you be aware I can not possibly defend you mother unless I know what 's come next . / anna meaning ? aiken I believe you know what witness the prosecution may call , and the evidence they will use against she . 51 . anna wonderful , Mr. aiken . now , you be accuse I of " building the. nest " . at least you be introduce reasonable doubt for my mother . smash ! Anna whacks a break pane from the window . aiken do you need some help ? anna I can manage . aiken please let I do it . anna thanks just the same . but my father and brother 's example teach I never to depend on a man . a beat . aiken how do . do you know Lt. wiechmann be work for the confederacy ? anna a while . and he do not work hard enough . aiken Excuse I . anna Lou be too much of a coward to devote himself to the Cause . that 's why I would never consider marrying he . aiken he propose to you ? anna do not seem so surprised by the notion Mr. aiken . fact be , I be in love with a man -- not_a boy . Lt. wiechmann do not like that . aiken you really think that 's why he testify against you mothe . anna | | for it be write , vengeance be mine . aiken any other Louis wiechmann I need to be prepare for ? Anna , atop the ladder , turn and catch aiken 's eye wander up the back of she skirt . 52 . anna be you more interested in I or defend my mother , Colonel ? aiken I be interested in the truth . start with : where 's you brother ? anna I do not have the slight idea . aiken then perhaps you will level with I about what I can expect next at trial . several beat ensue . aiken ( cont 'd ) you be go to have to learn to " depend " on I , miss surratt . Anna think on it . finally , she descend the ladder . she gesture aiken into the parlor -- the exact spot where Booth and the other meet . as Anna and aiken begin to go over the case , we CUT to -- holt ( 0.s. ) ... let us_ proceed with event immediately follow the assassination of President lincoln . pull back : int . arsenal prison - courtroom -- next morning major h.w. smith , precise in manner and response , fill the witness BOX . ( the Major be see earlier report to stanton immediately after the assassination . ) the prosecutor , holt , be beside he , as the case against Mary surratt continue . holt Major Smith , what be you duty that night ? major smith I be charge with find John surratt . int . surratt boardinghouse - parlor -- night ( flashback ) a dozen policemen ransack the house , fii pping over furniture , painting and rug . a patrolman approach Major Smith . patrolman # 1 no sign of the son . patrolman # 2 come down the stair . patrolman # 2 Major , take a look . he hand the Major a stack of card -size picture . 53 . patrolman we find this upstairs in the daughter 's bedroom . point at Anna surratt , still in she nightshirt . Louis wiechmann be nearby , look fearful . insert : each image as the Major flip through they : -- first , a half - dozen daguerreotype of confederate general , include picture of Generals Lee , beauregard and Jackson . -- then , a printed card feature the seal of the state of Virginia with confederate flag . -- and lastly , a color lithograph of a nursery fable , title : " Morning , noon & night " . the Major examine the fable more closely . he flip it over revealing a photo on the reverse side of JOHN wilk booth . major smith Young lady , do this belong to you ? Mary shield she daughter mary this young lady belong to I ! present time : int . courtroom -- Holt hold up the card bare the Virginia state seal . holt Major . please read aloud what 's inscribe here . the Major position he read glass . major smith sic semper tyrannis . holt can you translate ? major smith of course . " thus always for tyrant . " holt be this word familiar to you ? major smith indeed . Booth yell they after he butcher we President . holt and you find the same -- just a hour later -- in she daughter 's bedroom next to a photo of the assassin himself ? 54 . major smith like a shrine , sir . aiken that 's preposterous . sic semper tyrannis be the state motto of Virginia . this be hardly proof of a shrine to Booth . General Hunter interject with contempt . general hunter no more proof be need , Colonel . aiken be stunne silent . holt Major Smith , please tell we what happen next . major smith as I be fixin ' to take the surratt down to headquarters for question , I hear a commotion outside ... ... the sound of several man shout . int . surratt boardinghouse - foyer -- night ( flashback ) Major Smith draw he gun before open the back door Lewis Payne ( Booth 's tall associate , who attack the Secretary of State ) be stand in the doorway . Payne be sweat profusely -- like the fugitive he be -- with pickaxe in hand . he be surround by two soldier . soldier # 1 we find he sneaking around outside . payne I tell this imbecile a lady inside ask I to dig a gutter for she . major smith at this time of night ? payne in the morning . I just want to know what time I should start . Major Smith turn to Anna , who be watch from the doorway . major smith be this true ? Anna say nothing . Major Smith call into the parlor . major smith ( cont 'd ) Mrs. surratt . come here a moment . Major Smith spot bloodstain on the back of Payne 's sleeve . he take the pickaxe from he hand . 55 . major smith ( cont'd do you hire this gentleman to do a job for you ? mary absolutely not . I have never see he before in all my life . present time : int . courtroom -- Holt stand beside Lewis Payne at the prisoner ' dock holt be this man , Lewis Payne , the one she deny know ? major smith yes , sir . holt the same man , who have confess to board at the surratt 's several time -- prior to daggerin' the Secretary of State and he kin . major smith yes . holt thank you , Major . nothing further Holt sit down triumphantly . aiken rise . aiken be you aware Mr. Payne board at the surratt 's under a alias , claim to be a Baptist minister from Baltimore name Wood ? major smith that 's what she claim . aiken suppose it be the truth . suppose Mrs. surratt simply fail that night to recognize Wood , the preacher , in the guise of Payne , the ditch digger . major smith not possible . he stand barely two pace in front of she . aiken pull a letter from he briefcase . aiken you honor , I present the court with a notarize letter from Dr. sanford wilkerson , a well respected optometrist in town . aiken present the letter to General Hunter . 56 . aiken ( cont 'd ) Mary surratt have be a patient under he care for the past six year , suffer from severe presbyopia -- more commonly know as farsightedness . General Hunter examine the letter . but not before have to put on a pair of reading glass himself . aiken ( cont 'd ) Major Smith , it be late at night . the defendant be dress for sleep . be not it possible she merely have trouble see he ? major smith well , I uh .. aiken a simple yes or no . major smith yes , it 's possible ... I suppose . aiken so , it 's also possible you -- or rather we -- might also be wrongfully accuse she of disloyalty too ? Major Smith hold up the daguerreotype . major smith i_think this more than indicate she allegiance , Colonel . aiken have you not see the like in store around town ? major smith yes , of course , but ... _ aiken so , do you intend to arrest I too ? aiken present to the Court a identical set . aiken ( cont 'd ) what 's next ? roun ing up everyone whose name rhyme with General Lee ? several laugh aloud , include Baker and Catherine . major smith course not . aiken then I dare say , we ought to presume the accuse be innocent unless we have proof beyond a reasonable doubt . ( more ) 57 . aiken ( cont 'd ) ( a beat ) a thirst for vengeance , Major , be not enough to avenge this crime . even Hamilton have to admire aiken 's commanding presence .... int . reverdy johnson be home -- later that evening reverdy Johnson be eat he supper alone . the doorbell ring . a steward go to answer the door . reverdy call out . reverdy johnson I will take the transcript in here . man' voice ( 0.s. sure you do not want I to read it aloud ? reverdy instantly recognize the voice , look up . it 's stanton . he hand reverdy the transcript . stanton you be associate be put up quite a spirite defense . remind I of a lawyer I face 35 year ago . reverdy johnson he learn to fight in you army . stanton we young man certainly have be through four year of hell . reverdy johnson and we older one better ensure it be worth the fight . stanton reverdy , you have do as much for we nation as anyone I know . | reverdy johnson feeling 's mutual , ed. stanton do not you think it 's time we war horse call a truce ? reverdy johnson not if you insist on staging this abomination . stanton what you consider a ' abomination ' will do more to keep the peace than any paper treaty could . reverdy johnson how would you convince yourself of that ? 58 . stanton because it will deter the South from conspire again . and discourage the North from seek revenge . reverdy johnson what about the rule of law ? stanton for God 's sake , we have never know a enemy like this . they enjoy we freedom at the same time they plot to destroy we . you action only serve to aid they -- by erode we unity and diminish we resolve . reverdy johnson by abandon we law we become just like they . stanton begin to leave . stanton you may prefer eat alone , Senator but do you really want the Colonel do so the rest of he life ? qa beat ) if_he continue this way this case will destroy he . you know I be right about this . off reverdy Johnson take this in ... baker ( 0.s. ) so , this one time we be surround by a rebel column . pull back : int . private residence - dine room -- same aiken be seat at a elegant dine table surround by friend -- notably Baker and Hamilton . Catherine be across from aiken . Baker be mid-story . baker they General yell out , " I demand you surrender immediately ! " well , freddie shout back , " my compliment , General . but we do not surrender ! " all eye be once again on aiken . baker ( cont 'd ) " hope you say you prayer , " the General reply . " Cause they be 400 of we . and only 100 of you ! " aiken pretend not to revel in the attention . baker ( cont 'd ) " heck , we have get less than that , " freddie holler back ( more ) 59 . baker ( cont 'd ) " but we do not surrender . so , shut up and come get some . " and with that , freddie pull down he pants and bare he ass . female guest no , he do not . baker as the moon be my witness . laughter . female guest # 2 so , do they come ? Hamilton jealously glare at he date . baker six time . and each time the General shout out , " I will not ask you again . now , surrender at once . " ( a beat " pray do not , " freddie shout back . " for we never surrender ! " and then he blow a tremendous fart in they direction . female guest # 3 he do not ! ; baker ; his seventh be so deadly it send they runnin ' for they life ! the table erupt in laughter . catherine do not seem like the Colonel ever intend to surrender . baker only for the right woman . Baker smile reassuringly at Catherine . hamilton appear the Colonel have surrender to one -- she 's fair , fit and 45 . aiken I do not see why the Lieutenant insist on bring he mother into this . more laughter . Hamilton seethes . Baker attempt to pacify . baker freddie , why do not you tell _us what you conspirator be really like . I be sure we would all like to know . 60 . female guest # 1 fcontemptuously ) I understand she 's a Catholic . female guest # 2 be it true she wear black from head - to - toe as if she 's in mourn ? aiken perhaps , by papal decree . hamilton how do you do it , Fred ? aiken how do I do what ? hamilton destroy that Major on cross like that ? the doctor 's letter , the postcard ... you do not bluff you way through this one . as Baker raise he artificial leg -- baker my leg 's fall asleep . let 's go dance . hamilton you know what be come , do not you , Fred ? that meeting with the surratt girl seem to be pay off . a awkward silence . Baker glance at Catherine . baker be you through , Bill ? ( Hamilton say nothing ) good . now , let 's dance . Baker rise . the other follow suit . we hold on aiken and Catherine -- still seat ... ... gradually , piano music begin to fill the room . pull back : int . salon -- later as Baker be now at a piano , play / sing , " the Children of the Battle field " . he have a sonorous voice . but only aiken be around to hear it . baker upon the field of gettysburg the full moon slowly rise , she look , and see 10,000 brow all pale in death 's repose ... Baker continue sing as aiken be deep in think and wine . Catherine enter the room . 61 . catherine if I have know it be a wake , I would have dress more appropriately . aiken turn to take in Catherine 's floral dress . aiken you be the vision of perfection , Catherine . catherine you lie , pass gas and never surrender quite a catch . a_beat ) why defend she , freddie ? aiken not you too , Catherine . catherine be it because of Senator Johnson ? I know you father and he be very close . but you do not owe it to either of they . aiken of course not . catherine do it have to do with Anna surratt ? aiken be take aback . aiken Bill be a ass . catherine I understand she 's very beautiful . aiken Catherine , please . catherine I accept not hearing from you for 18 month . the front must have be horrible . but I will not accept we silence on why you be defend er . aiken I do not know . ( off she skepticism ) honestly , Catherine . I do not . Catherine can see aiken mean it . a beat . catherine just one more thing . 62 . aiken you be the one who do not " surrender " . what ? what do you need to know ? catherine do the Colonel still remember how to dance ? they exchange look . he hold out he hand . she take it . Baker start to pray a slow waltz on the piano . with each turn across the floor , the distance between aiken and Catherine become less . aiken inhale Catherine 's scent as she grasp he shoulder . his eye begin to fall to half -staff . his head rest against hers . it look as if aiken be finally go to surrender . suddenly , he pull away . catherine ( cont 'd ) what be it ? aiken there 's something I need to ask you . catherine of course , freddie . you can ask I anything ? off Catherine wait expectantly ... aiken ( 0.s. ) I want you to wear this in court today . pull back : int . mary cell -- next morning as aiken present Mary with Catherine 's floral dress . Mary do not take it . mary I want the truth from you this time . aiken know exactly what she 's after . aiken Anna never go miss . mary she 's be help you all along ? aiken nod . mary ( cont 'd ) how could you lie to I about such a thing ? aiken I need to know the truth about you son . 63. mary nothing they do to I could compare to the torture of not know my daughter be ok . aiken I be sorry . aiken pull out newspaper clipping from he briefcase . mary please leave . aiken ( cont 'd . ( read from a clipping " Mrs. surratt look no less masculine than the male prisoner on trial -- remove any doubt a woman like she could be capable of such a crime . " ( re. other clipping ) the other be less kin aiken hold out the dress . Mary refuse it . mary it matter none to I what they think . aiken it matter to I . this country have never execute a woman . we need that Generals to begin see they own wife in you . Mary grimace momentarily , but conceal it from aiken . mary you speak of womanhood with such reverence , Mr. aiken . yet , we be not trust enough to vote , while a former slave now can as long as he have $ 250 . ( heavy Southern drawl ) yes , I be certain y'all would prefer I act like a good Southern lady . met my fate in that pretty dress with a paint face . but , I would prefer to act naturally . and take the consequence like a man . aiken please . ma'am . wear the dress , smile at that Generals and pray they show you some mercy . Mary hold a beat . she start undress in front of aiken . aiken ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? mary just obey order , Colonel . 64 . she drop she black dress to the floor . start unlace she corset . she be now stand in a calf- length chemise . she slip off she pantalettes , and toss it into the bucket . mary ( cont 'd ) come now , freddie , do not be shy . surely , you have undress a woman . ; aiken you be insane . Mary press up against aiken , seductively . mary I be just show you how I would please that Generals . aiken stop it ! aiken push Mary to the ground , just as she son do at the boardinghouse . but this time Mary do not get up . aiken ( cont 'd ) ma'am ? ( no response ) ma'am . be you alright ? aiken spot she chemise in the bucket , stain blood red . aiken call out . aiken ( cont 'd ) call a doctor . Mary remain crumpled , clutching she belly . aiken ( cont 'd ) call a doctor . now ! .. a door mark : secretary of war pull back : int . war dept . - stanton' office -- later a aide intercept aiken outside Secretary stanton 's door . stanton' aide I be sorry , sir . no one see Mr. stanton without a appointment . Joseph Holt emerge from inside . holt . good morning , Colonel . perhaps I can be of assistance . aiken fyou can arrange a meeting for I wat the Secretary . my client be not well 65 . holt so I hear . just a touch of the woman 's curse , thank goodness . she will be well enough to continue with she trial within a few day . in the meantime , we will pursue we case against the other conspirator . aiken my client require a proper meal and some fresh air . otherwise , I can not assure you she will be fit for trial . which be why I must see the Secretary -- immediately . holt unfortunately , he 's quite busy right now . perhaps , you would take a turn with I instead . aiken hesitates . holt ( cont 'd ) please , Colonel . aiken reluctantly follow Holt outside . ext . pennsylvania avenue -- continuous as aiken and Holt continue they conversation across swampy Pennsylvania Avenue . the white house loom in the background . holt . one of the conspirator refuse to be guard by a negro . another will only eat he mother 's cooking . we can not accommodate every whim . aiken I be merely ask you stop treat she like a savage . holt how dare you accuse US of savagery ? a amputee cross in front of Holt and aiken 's path . holt ( cont 'd ) have you forget how we own be treat by the rebel ? thousands starve to death at andersonville . not to mention the horror for that hold at Libby and liggett 's farm . aiken it hardly enhance we cause to act as the enemy would . holt Security demand it . 66 . aiken Mary surratt be not a present danger I assure you . holt can you say the same about she daughter ? aiken Anna surratt ? of course . but I be sure you have be tracking she every move . holt not well enough . she disappear last night . aiken what ? where be she ? holt I think you might know . aiken I have no idea . holt then I can only conclude she do not wish to be find -- much like she brother . both man pass inside the prestigious century club . int . century club - staircase -- continuous as aiken and Holt continue up the Club 's grand staircase . holt ... counselor , I appreciate you zeal in defend you client . but I hardly think it prudent to do so at you own peril . aiken " peril " ? holt you exhibit a bright future , dear boy . do not dim it by mount unnecessary campaign . aiken you offer I no other alternative . Holt freeze , make certain no one else be listen . ; holt I think I know a way to save both you client -- and yourself . a beat . 67 . holt ( cont 'd ) I will deny ever tell you this . understood ? off aiken nodd ... ext . courtyard , U.S. arsenal prison -- late afternoon a beautiful late spring day . aiken spot Mary across the open-air courtyard . she have make a swift recovery -- exercise in the sunlight , she arm now free of chain . she be wear the dress give to she by aiken , the plunging neckline tempere by a shawl . Father walter pass aiken , after have pray with Mary . aiken good Morning , Father . father walter Colonel . aiken approach Mary tentatively . mary you should have push I down a month ago , if that 's what it take to spell I from that cage . feel that sun . now , all I need be a few boil oyster with Spanish olive . ( giddy ) . you mama ever boil oyster for you Frederick ? aiken be take aback by Mary 's use of he first name . aiken no , mar 'am . I never have the good fortune to taste my mother 's cooking . mary she do not cook ? aiken she pass when I be bear . mary , I feel for you loss -- and hers . ( a beat some day I will make oyster for you -- with Spanish olive , of course . you must never eat them without the olive . aiken I look forward to it . aiken struggle for the right word . aiken ( cont 'd ) Mary . I , uh ... 68 . mary Young man , I do not believe I have see you ata loss for word . aiken come right out with it . aiken do you know where you son be hide ? mary ( laugh ) my johnnie ! ' course not ! aiken the government believe you do . that you be in contact . mary from here ? aiken ma'am , you need to tell we where he be . mary " US ! " whose side be you on ? aiken I be try to save you life . mary by suggest I trade my son 's life for my own . seem more like you be try to save yourself . aiken how dare you ! you think I ask to defend you ? mary " course not . but every time you walk out that gate something pull ou back inside . well , if you be ook to slip out the back door yout have to unlock it yourself . ecause I have no idea where my son be hide . aiken how about you daughter ? mary , you have already play that card , Mr. aiken . now , if you please , I wish to enjoy the rest of this glorious gay . there may not be many more eft . Mary resume she exercise . aiken ( 0.s. ) be you absolutely certain ? 69 . pull back : int . capitol -- reverdy office -- early evening as aiken now confer with reverdy Johnson . reverdy johnson the Secretary assure I they do not have she . aiken Anna choose to flee ? why would she do that ? reverdy johnson perhaps she 's as guilty as she brother . aiken do you believe that ? reverdy johnson it matter none . fact be with two child abandon Mrs. surratt , it will only be see one way -- they mother must be guilty . aiken I think Mary may be innocent . reverdy johnson be that so ? well , " Mary " and " Anna " they be my concern now . you wish be grant , Fred . I be take you off the case . reverdy rise , head for the door . int . aiken' office -- continuous aiken chase after reverdy . aiken but you say I have to prove she guilty . reverdy johnson you have not prove she 's not . aiken so , you do not think I be up to the task of defend she ? reverdy johnson quite the contrary . I just think it 's best for all concerned that I take over from here . aiken but_your presence in that courtroom will antagonize that general . you say so yourself . 70 . reverdy johnson I can manage . but aiken soon realize reverdy be not only refer to the case as he 's just follow he boss inside the -- water closet -- embarrass , aiken quickly exit . reverdy close the door reverdy johnson ( 0.s. ) ( call out ) few will soon forget on whose side you fought here , Fred . trust I it 's a lonely place to be . aiken ( call back ) Sir , a man must be willing to walk on faith alone . you say so yourself . reverdy johnson this habit of quote I back to I be most irritate . flush . reverdy reemerges from the water closet . reverdy johnson ( cont 'd ) you have get you mother 's conviction . and you father 's annoying habit . reverdy return to he office with aiken in tow ... int . reverdy office -- continuous aiken with all due respect , I never know my mother . and my father only through al he book . so , the only bad bit I pick up be from you -- sir. ( a beat ) Mary surratt be entitle to a defense . so , I shall defend she . reverdy think on it . reverdy johnson be you sure you want this ? aiken unfortunately . yes . reverdy johnson very well , fred. ( another beat ) so , tell I , how do you intend to convince the Generals she 's innocent after they hear she be carry a package from Booth -- just hour efore he murder lincoln ? 71 . aiken accord to she daughter , she be merely return a favor to Booth . reverdy johnson Dr. mudd do Booth a favor by fixin ' he break leg . now , he 's face life in prison . Edward spangler hold Booth 's horse outside Ford 's theater and be look at hard labor so , do not do you client any " favor " by offer that as a defense . aiken what do you suggest I do ? reverdy johnson if it 's John surratt they want , then present he to that Generals on a platter . it 's the only chance she 's get . aiken how ? I have not a clue where he be . and if all the resource of the government can not find he , I hardly think I will by hour 's end . reverdy johnson I do not mean in oth -- in spirit . you must prove to they she son be responsible -- not she . aiken Mary will not like it . she insist on leave he out of it . reverdy johnson better to hate you alive , than love you from the grave . a long beat as we CUT to -- full screen : on a artist 's sketch of the next witness . pull back : int . U.S. arsenal prison - courtroom -- next day as_we reveal the sketch be be draw by a member of the military Commission -- general lewis wallace . ( note : General wallace be perpetually sketching throughout the trial . ) holt Mr. Lloyd , you be employ by Mary surratt , be you not ? JOHN lloyd , 54 , rotund and ruddy - cheek , wear a Panama hat , white suit and as many fold on the back of he red neck as around he waist . lloyd yes , sir . I run a tavern start by she late husband many year ago . 72 . aiken look over at Mary . she look away . ho on the afternoon President lincoln be assassinate , do Mrs. surratt pay you a visit ? lloyd yes , sir . indeed . in the company of Lt. Louis wiechmann . ext . maryland countryside -- tavern - afternoon ( flashback ) Mary and wiechmann ride atop a buggy along a country road . a wooden tavern sit atop a roll plain . wiechmann guide the buggy up to the porch as Lloyd rush out to greet they . present time : int . courtroom -- Holt continue he line of question . holt Mrs. surratt give you a package , do she not ? lloyd yes , sir . c'rect , sir . a small package , wrap in newspaper ... ext . tavern -- afternoon ( flashback ) as Mary hand the wrapped package to Lloyd on he back porch . present time : int . courtroom -- holt do she tell you where the package come from ? lloyd she tell I it come from John wilk Booth . the Gallery begin to stir . holt from ' Booth ! ' and what exactly do she give you ? aiken objection ! holt objection ? aiken yes . there 's no proof the defendant know herself . he just testify the package be wrap . holt she damn well hand it to he . 73. aiken Mr. Booth be friend with John surratt -- not the defendant . Mary glare at aiken . general hunter objection overrule . the witness will answer the question . holt Mr. Lloyd , what be inside ? lloyd field glass , sir . holt be this the one ? Holt hold up a pair of binoculars . Lloyd inspect they . lloyd ' xactly . holt do she give you any instruction ? lloyd sir? holt instruction , Mr. Lloyd . instruction which might affect this trial ? the question puzzle both aiken and Mary . Lloyd react to " instruction " as though it be a code . lloyd oh , yes ... yes , sir . ( as if memorize ) she tell I : " Lloyd , get that shoot iron ready . there will be par tie here tonight who will call for they . " mary you liar ! Mary scream out . General Hunter slam he gavel . general hunter Control yourself , mar 'am . such outburst will only prejudice you case . Mary guffaw . general hunter ( cont 'd ) you find that amusing ? 74 . mary I just do not see how I could possibly further prejudice this case . general hunter counselor , control you client ! aiken turn to Mary . but he , too , can barely contain he own amusement at Mary 's quip . they share a quick smile . holt " shoot iron ! ' to what be she refer ? lloyd Army rifle , sir . Hidden in the joist above my storeroom . holt by whom ? lloyd by she son , John . six week earlier Lloyd glare over at Mary . holt and be this weapon call for as per the defendant 's instruction ? lloyd yes , sir . around midnight , sir , the night of the assassination . by two man on horse . one of ‘em I would see before ... Lloyd point at david herold , 22 , inside the prisoner ' dock . herold bow he head . lloyd ( cont 'd ) ... the other keep he mount . he be a stranger to I , and seem to have injure he leg . ext . tavern -- midnight ( flashback ) Booth , with a break ankle , remain atop he horse outside Lloyd 's tavern . his identity be conceal behind he collar herold dismount from he ride and follow Lloyd inside . lloyd ( v.o. i_fetched the rifle and field glass , suppose they be the party Mrs. surratt have mean . herold return moment later with the supplies in hand . lloyd ( v.0 . ) the two of ‘em ride off so fast , they could have outrun creation and give it two mile the start . 75 . Booth and herold race into the night . present time : int . courtroom -- holt . thank you , Mr. Lloyd . thank_you very much . you witness , Colonel . Holt return to he seat , a smug grin on he face . aiken Mr. Lloyd , you just testify Lt. wiechmann accompany the defendant that afternoon ? lloyd that 's right . aiken so then I can correctly assume he would also testify to have hear Mrs. surratt 's instruction to you ? lloyd no. aiken " no " ? but they be seat side by side . lloyd she take I out by the wood pile and tell I out of earshot . _ aiken ; you be say no one else hear this conversation ? just you and she ? lloyd that 's just the way it happen . sir. aiken of course it be . aiken and Holt exchange glance . aiken ( cont 'd ) when do you first learn the President have be assassinate , Mr. Lloyd ? lloyd no one will ever forget the moment they hear . I be tell early the next morning by a Captain cottingham , who be search for the assassin . aiken no doubt , you be most upset ! 76 . lloyd indeed . I get myself right smart in liquor the remainder of the day . aiken in fact , you be right smart most day . be not you , mate ? ; lloyd I enjoy a round or two . aiken you share a few with the defendant 's late husband , be not that right ? lloyd every now and again . aiken you be fond of he , be not you ? lloyd he be always good for a laugh . aiken and for overlook a debt . lloyd we have a understanding . aiken which you and the defendant do not . in fact , the day she and Mr. wiechmann visit the tavern , Mrs. surratt inquire about a significant sum you owed she late husband . be not that correct ? lloyd yeah , so ? aiken so , you have a financial stake in the outcome of this trial . lloyd if you be suggest I aim to profit from we President 's death , I have get a good mind to put you in the ground . aiken you word , Mr. Lloyd , not mine . Lloyd stand up as if he 's go to attack aiken . holt objection ! this courageous witness be a former policeman . he deserve we gratitude , not unfounded accusation . 77 . general hunter sustain . Mr. aiken , show the witness some respect . aiken yes , General . thank you , Mr. Lloyd . we be all so indebted to you . ( a beat ) May I continue , you honor ? General Hunter nod . general hunter please be seat , Mr. Lloyd . Lloyd do as tell . reverdy enter the back of the courtroom . aiken Mr. Lloyd , when this Captain cottingham visit you after the assassination , do he ask anything in reference to the assassin ? lloyd he ask if any party have pass through . naturally , I tell they about the two I know . aiken withdraw a document from he file . aiken accord to this witness report , you do not actually inform he until will day later . lloyd I be frighten be all . aiken perhaps , you fear you might be consider a accessory . lloyd I tell he it be through the surratt that I would get myself in such a difficulty . aiken John surratt to be more precise . after all , he 's the one who conceal that " shoot iron " inside you tavern month earlier . not you . lloyd that 's right . aiken perhaps , he threaten to foreclose on you tavern if you refuse . Lloyd look confuse . Mary lean forward in she chair 78 . aiken ( cont 'd ) be that John surratt 's " instruction " to you ? lloyd ( get aiken 's ist ) yes , exactly . he say he would take it away from I if I do not do what he say . holt objection . there 's no evidence John surratt do anything of the sort . and since Mr. surratt 's whereabouts be unknown at this time -- aiken -- as the General say , Mr. surratt 's absence from this proceeding be Mr. surratt 's problem . by quote Hunter 's own word , he 's force he hand -- general hunter objection overrule . aiken so , if John surratt could implicate a dear friend of he father 's , like yourself , who 's to say he do not do the same to he own mother as well . Mary lunge at the rail . mary stop this . stop this right now . holt objection . aiken or that the only crime Mary surratt may be guilty of be have give birth to she son , John . mary how dare you ! you have no right . General Hunter bang he gavel repeatedly . holt objection , you honor . this be a outrage . general hunter objection sustained . Mr. aiken , I be warning you . aiken but sir -- 79 . general hunter that will be all , counselor one of the member of the commission point to he watch . General Hunter take it as a cue and abruptly change course . general hunter ( cont 'd ) S you know , tonight mark be ington 's celebration honore we soldier . we shall adjourn now to prepare we face for this evening 's festivity . Mr. Lloyd , you may step down . Lloyd exit the witness BOX , very satisfied with himself . aiken say to Lloyd under he breath -- aiken so , what do they promise you ? a holt objection , you honor ! general hunter aiken counselor , control Bet a case of whiskey be yourself . all it take . aiken and Lloyd begin to square off as if to fight . general hunter Control yourself . or I will hold you in contempt . a bailiff step between aiken and Lloyd , quickly escort the latter outside . General Hunter slam he gavel . general hunter ( cont 'd ) we will reconvene promptly at 09:00 . ( to aiken ) and when we do , young man , you would better comport yourself in a more appropriate manner . or else you will find yourself in the brig alongside the other . Hunter slam he gavel . Holt look at aiken as if to say : " you be play with fire . " Mary glare at he with contempt . reverdy Johnson look distress for aiken . there 's no turn back now . . firework explode into the night sky . pull back : ext . WASHINGTON CITY -- night the nation' capital consume in celebration , its monument bath in light . we hold on a banner that read : the century Club honor our fighting heroe 80 . pull back : int . century club - entrance -- night guest pass beneath the banner on they way to the grand ballroom upstairs . waltz music filter down from above . the century Club be fill with the power - that - be and power - to - be , mostly attire in they finest military dress . aiken enter quite dapper in he dress white . eager for a festive night - on- the-town . Catherine be on he arm . they pass the Club steward , otis , on he way upstairs . aiken / catherine good evening , otis . otis evenin ' , Colonel . miss Morgan . suddenly , otis ' expression change from welcome to alarm . otis ( cont 'd ) just a minute , Colonel aiken . can I have a word ? otis usher aiken out of Catherine 's earshot . otis ( cont 'd ) they ! be tellin ' I I be not allow et you in there . aiken what be you talk about ? as Catherine wait patiently , she spot a bulletin board post nearby . dear member : . reverend peale have agree to . . construction will begin on . finally settling on : . the membership of mr . frederick aiken have be rescind effective immediately as a result of conduct unbecome the century Club . e.m , stanton Chairman , board of governor suddenly , the sound of laughter -- Hamilton , with beauty in tow , and Baker arrive . aiken turn to Baker . aiken . ( cont 'd ) Nick , would you please take Catherine inside for I . baker be everything alright ? 81. aiken everything 's fine . I will join you as soon as I can . go ahead , darling . enjoy the evening . gentleman . aiken turn and head for the door . Baker extend he arm . baker even on one I can outdance he . catherine and one less foot for I to step on . another night , Nick . Catherine kiss Baker on the cheek , and head for the door . otis shall I call you a carriage , miss Morgan ? catherine thank you , otis . Hamilton call out . hamilton sure you do not want to join we Catherine ? she turn and glare at Hamilton . and head out the door without answer . ext . century club -- moment later Catherine exit . otis motion for a carriage to pull forward . aiken suddenly appear . aiken I have get it , otis . aiken help Catherine into the carriage . catherine I see the announcement . aiken I will take care of it in the morning . I be sorry about this evening . tear begin to fill she eye . catherine I be sorry too . she slip off she engagement ring and return it to aiken . the carriage ride off . aiken be now the outsider , and alone . . a flash of lightning . 82 . pull back : ext . WASHINGTON CITY - STREET -- later as bolt now light up the sky , replace the firework . they illuminate aiken , who waik alone in a torrential rain . a thunderclap echoe overhead . a union band march past joyfully play " yankee doodle " in the downpour . aiken be forlorn and soaking wet . he spot a pub ahead -- the blue goose & oyster bar -- and quickly duck inside . int . blue goose SALOON & oyster bar -- continuous aiken enter the pub , which be fill with a much rougher crowd than the upper crust at the century Club gala . all eye seem to follow he as he remove he drench Union coat , and settles on a stool at the end of the bar . aiken whiskey . bartender get none . aiken how ' bout that bottle over there ? aiken point to a whiskey bottle , three - quarter full . bartender I do not want no trouble , Colonel . he gesture to the patron , all fix on aiken . a block - head lean in from aiken 's right , glaring at aiken 's uniform . block-head ( southern accent ) yank be not welcome here . several more tough now circle behind . there 's no mistake now this be a rebel bar . nervously , aiken rise to leave . a barrel -chest block he . barrel - chest you be the one defend that surratt woman , be not you ? aiken nod as he prepare for the worst . bartender why do not you say so ? suddenly , the entire pub descend upon aiken . but instead of attack he , they be hail aiken like a hero . hold on : aiken 's expression register he dismay . CUT to : 83. int . aiken' residence -- a short time later aiken stumble home drip wet and drunk . he cross inside he modest flat -- legal brief , army memento and dirty clothes be strewn about . frame daguerreotype fill he mantel , include one of a young woman ( aiken 's mother ) . a closer look reveal she 's inside a coffin , she death portrait . another image be of a young aiken with he very formal - look father . a portrait of president lincoln be the last photo show . aiken 's window be also break like Anna 's -- a rock pile be on the sill . one be inscribe : die rebel die . aiken begin remove he soggy clothes to prepare for sleep -- suddenly , a hand grab he bare shoulder from behind . aiken whirl , take the attacker 's foot out from under he , knock he to the ground , and pin he ... pin her ! familiar voice ( 0.s. ) Frederick , stop . it 's I . as we reveal anna surratt , with aiken straddle she , one hand to she throat , another raise to strike . aiken what the hell . aiken , now suddenly sober , relax he grip . anna she 's very beautiful . ( off aiken 's confusion ) I see you go in you club tonight . aiken roll off of Anna . aiken Anna . they think you be as guilty as you brother . where have you be ? a long beat . then softly -- anna you still want to know where he be ? another beat . aiken you do not have to do this . no one should have to choose between they mother and they brother anna I find out how ... aiken cut she off . 84 . please . I never should have put you in this position . I be so sorry . anna can you save my mother without he ? ( no reply ) can you , Fred ? a long pause . aiken probably not . Anna 's eye fill with tear . aiken desperately want to comfort she . she desperately want to be comfort . instead , she hand he a note and flee . off aiken 's turmoil ... ... a splash of water . pull back : int . cathedral -- early morning Mass as we reveal a baby be baptized . proud parent and grandpparent surround a priest perform the ritual bath . aiken watch the tender scene from a rear pew . the Priest , he identity still obscure , pass the infant off to a associate , then exit through a side door aiken follow behind . aiken ( 0.s. ) I be tell you know the whereabouts of John surratt . pull back : int . chapel annex -- moment later the Priest 's identity be now reveal -- father jacob walter ( the cleric twice show visit Mary in jaity ) aiken show he the note on Anna 's stationary with walter 's name on it . father walter you have be misinform . aiken I need to see he right away . father walter not possible , Colonel . as I tell miss surratt , I can only pass along a message . we believe it safer for everyone concerned . aiken ' we ' ? Father walter pinch he cleric 's collar . father walter a few of we have choose to provide he sanctuary . 85 . aiken you do not seem troubled by you choice . father walter you prefer he , too , be crucify by this mob ? aiken " crucify ' ! aiken 's loud exclamation bring one of Father walter 's associate to the chapel door . aiken lower he voice . aiken ( cont 'd ) John surratt be hardly the ' Prince of peace . ' he 's accuse of murder and treason . conceal he be not only immoral , Father , its illegal . father walter ( clutching a Bible ) my law be write here , counselor . my allegiance to God . aiken forgive I , Father , but that 's a bunch of cock - and -bull . the Bible bear just as many interpretation as do anything else . it do not give you the authority to decide right from wrong . father walter you prefer stanton have the power instead ? a beat . father walter ( cont 'd ) I will pass along a_message , Colonel . but John surratt , alone , will choose whether or not to turn himself in . off Father walter ... general hunter ( 0.s. -) Colonel aiken , do you wish to call a witness in defense of the accuse ? pull back : int . prison - courtroom -- a short while later the courtroom be sweltering like a inferno . many fan themselves with little relief . aiken yes , you honor . I do . will miss Anna surratt please step forward . Anna surratt enter the courtroom . 86 . as Anna be seat inside the witness BOX , she get she first glimpse of she mother , nearly move both to tear . aiken , sense Anna be come apart , step near . just as he 's about to say something -- anna resolute ) I be fine . as we CUT to -- ext . forest -- same a flock of geese fly over a secluded log cabin , tuck inside a dense wilderness . a river roar beside . a man in a dark suit wade across the river towards a young fisherman casting for salmon . a closer look reveal the suite man be a gray -haired cleric . he bear a envelope , which he hand to the Young fisherman . a closer look reveal the Young fisherman be JOHN surratt , as we CUT back to -- int . courtroom -- same aiken stand beside Anna at the witness box . aiken miss surratt , when be the last time you see you brother , John ? anna Monday , the 3rd of April . aiken turn to the Commission for emphasis . aiken eleven day prior to the assassination . do he say where he be head ? she shake she head . general hunter please answer for the record . anna he do not . he only tell I he have to leave town . aiken miss surratt , be you brother involved in a conspiracy to assassinate President lincoln and other member of the government ? Anna look at she mother , then look away . anna I can not say . 87 . aiken you can not ? or you will not ? anna I do not know if he be involved . I only know that my mother be not . aiken glance at wiechmann , seat in the gallery . Anna nod . aiken accord to Lt. wiechmann , you mother " welcome " this prisoner into she boardinghouse with open arm . anna it 's not true . he 's lie . ( turn to wiechmann ) how could you ? she would sit up and wait for you at night , the same as for my own brother . holt objection . general hunter miss surratt . you will address this Commission , not the gallery . be that understand ? ; aiken | do you mother object to this man be at the boardinghouse ? anna she say she do not_understand why strange person should call there . aiken then why do not she refuse they ? anna she suppose they object be to see my brother . aiken John surratt ? anna yes . aiken sosshe_wa merely treat they politely as any lady would ? anna yes. 88. aiken what about John wilk Booth ? do she object to he as well ? anna Mr. Booth be not a stranger . aiken in fact , he be friend with you brother , John . be he not ? Mary call out to aiken . mary that be enough . Anna glance at she mother . aiken please answer the question , miss surratt . Anna proceed , tentatively . anna I never ask my brother what he friendship be to Booth . aiken but the fact remain , Mr. Booth frequently call on you brother . anna yes . aiken present a piece of evidence already present in court -- the picture call " Morning , noon and night " aiken do this belong to you ? anna it be give to I by that man wiechmann . aiken but it be you who put the photo of John wilk Booth behind it ? anna yes . I go to a daguerrean gallery one day to get a picture take . I see some photograph of Mr. Booth there , and be acquainted with he , I buy one , and take it home . iken you brother must have be pleased you think so highly of he friend . 89 . anna when my brother see it , he tell I to tear it up and throw it in the fire . and that if I do not , he would take it from I . aiken why ? why would you brother tell you to do that ? anna you will have to ask he . aiken thank you , miss surratt . that will be all . you witness . he turn to Holt . holt we have nothing , you honor . the people view miss surratt 's situation with compassion . and can understand how she would be move to conceal she mother 's guilt , even offer up she own brother as a sacrificial lamb . anna but I be tell the truth . my mother be innocent . holt the truth be base in fact -- not emotion . aiken the truth , sir , be the truth . not what you choose to make of it . general hunter if there be no further question the witness may stand down . anna you have get to believe I . general hunter please call you next witness , Mr. aiken . Anna remain in the witness box . general hunter ( cont 'd ) miss surratt , you be dismiss . Anna tentatively begin to leave the witness box . she look to she mother . Mary look back with disappointment . aiken you honor , everyone else I wish to call have either be silence by jail or the threat of one . 90 . hamilton ( aside to Baker ) distoyalty surround itself with disloyal friend . Anna overhear Hamilton on she way to the door general hunter I take it then the defense rest . aiken glance at Mary . she will not even look at he . aiken turn back towards General Hunter -- and nod . Anna hold a moment at the door , devastate . as she exit , we CUT to -- ... a salmon flipping for its life inside a wicker creel . pull back : ext . forest -- day as JOHN surratt sit mournfully beside he fishing basket the open envelope in hand , flap in the wind . aiken ( 0.s. ) after the most thorough investigation in we nation 's history ... pull back : int . courtroom -- same as aiken begin he close argument . aiken ... the government 's entire case against Mary surratt rest on three act alone : the courtroom be rapt -- Baker , Catherine , even Hamilton . aiken ( cont 'd ) 1 . ) that she befriend John wilk Booth and he fellow conspirator ; 2 . ) that she carry a package from Booth with " instruction " the day of the assassination ; and 3 . ) that she fail to recognize the prisoner , Lewis Payne , at the time of she arrest . aiken rise from he chair . aiken ( cont 'd ) by themselves , this three act constitute no crime . you , or I , might have do the same . but the prosecution insist she do so with evil intent -- largely on the testimony of two witness : Louis wiechmann and John Lloyd . aiken glance at wiechmann and lloyd in the Gallery . 91 . aiken ( cont 'd ) yet , all the fact suggest they should be on trial . at best , they own action undermine they credibility . at worst , they have do the unspeakable -- gain they freedom by falsely accuse another of they crime . ( crossing the courtroom ) but let there be no doubt why Mary surratt be here today . it be because of one person : she son , john. ( he back to Mary ) John surratt invite Booth and he associate into she home . she do not . and he hide the rifle and ammunition inside Lloyd 's tavern . not she . aiken spot reverdy , who nod he approval . aiken ( cont 'd ) if John surratt be part of this conspiracy , I hope he receive every punishment know to man . but if Mary surratt can be convict on such insufficient evidence , then none of we be safe . aiken pause in front of Baker and Hamilton . aiken ( cont 'd to preserve the Union , I would have give my life . now , I find myself without a side . neither with the North or against the South . my friend have become foe -- my enemy , ally . ( look at Hamilton ) but to abide by we constitution be not a question of latitude and longitude -- North or South . it 's about what kind of nation be we . one rule by law ? or by the fury of we people ? aiken examine a picture of lincoln . aiken ( cont 'd ) what enemy should we fear most ? lincoln be ask . will it come from Europe , Africa or Asia ? no , he reply . if we be to be destroy , it will be from within . by fail to rotect we constitution and its aw . he put the image of lincoln back down . aiken ( cont'd so , if we be willing to die on the battlefield defend we nation against a hostile force ... then we , ( more ) 92 . aiken foont'd ) too , must safeguard we founding principle with we life . ( a beat ) above all , we must never sacrifice we sacred rights -- out of a desire for revenge -- when so many have give they life to preserve they . aiken return to he seat , and glance at Mary . a small nod express she gratitude . out of the corner of he eye , aiken spot Catherine , who be visibly move . holt ( 0.s . ) gentlemen . one bullet may have kill we beloved President . Holt begin he rebuttal . holt one bullet , but not one man ! we close on a wide shot of the crowded courtroom . . slow dissolve to : the same wide shot of the courtroom , only now it 's empty -- indicate the trial be over . ext . / int . forest -- log cabin - next day the sound of nature fill the secluded log cabin . John surratt lean over a desk with a bottle of bourbon beside as he agonize over what to do . int . mary cell -- same aiken enter . aiken they be still deliberate . it 's a good sign . Mary say nothing . aiken ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I go after you son like that . I feel I have no choice . after several moment . mary how ' bout we forget about the trial for a while ? aiken nod , pull a deck of card from he jacket pocket . mary ( cont 'd ) surely , there must be other you would prefer to play with . 93 . aiken I be afraid I have lose my seat at the card table . mary I reckon ' that 's true . she take the card from aiken 's hand . mary fen >) both my father and husband go to they eternal rest without a dime cause of this fifty - two . aiken perhaps , you would fancy this instead ? he withdraw a flask from he undercoat , which he smuggle inside . she take the flask . mary ; I fancy both -- straight up and seven card stud . and she start shuffle -- like a pro . mary ( cont 'd ) hopefully , my luck 's about to change . what be we wagering ? aiken always the clothes on we back . a beat . then Mary smile . aiken find a spot across from she , on the floor . as she start to deal , we hear -- military commission ( 0.s. ) ( shouting , in unison ) aye ! . nine hand raise high in the air pull back : int . elegant dine room -- noon as the nine member of the military Commission be seat around a long dinner table with General Hunter at the head . general hunter well then , we be all agree on the penalty of death for the prisoner -- herold , atzerodt and Payne . a beat ) what about the woman ? several Generals be barely payin eattention as they feast on prime rib . general wallace , '' perpetually sketching judge , draw a chariot race on he place set . general hunter ( cont 'd ) regard Mary surratt . how many in favor , gentleman ? 94 . stanton ( 0.s. ) damn it , Joseph ! I tell you she must be punish to the full extent . pull back : int . war department - stanton' office -- later secretary stanton be irate . holt attempt to appease he . holt only four of the nine agree with we recommendation . the majority avore a more merciful sentence - life in prison - on account of she age and sex . stanton how else will she son surrender if he 's not force to offer he life for hers ? holt I understand , sir . unfortunately , the Generals ' mind be already make . stanton perhaps , not . a long beat . stanton 's eye remain hard and cold . mary ( 0.s. ) this yank ' up North come home after chopping some wood ... pull back : int . mary cell -- short while later aiken and Mary have now share a few -- joke and drink . mary , .. say to he wife , " honey , my hand be freezing . " ( aiken take a drink ) " put them between my thigh , " she reply , " that will warm ‘em up . " aiken freeze mid-gulp . mary ( cont 'd ) after lunch , he go out and chop some more wood . say , " sweetheart , my hand be really freezing ! " " well , put them between mk ) thigh , " ( Mary downs she drin before bed , the yank ' aed out one more time to get them through the night . " dear , my hand be freeze , he say as he walk back inside . for goodness sake , " he wife reply , " do not you ear ever get cold ? " aiken spit he drink . both he and Mary enjoy the moment . Mary 's smile slowly disappear . 95 . mary ( cont 'd ) he hate I . aiken pardon ? mary my son . it be not lincoln he despise . it be I . aiken I do not follow . mary I refuse to have he turn out like he father . I would not let he out of my sight . kept he so close I make he sit out the entire War . finally , he get the courage to break free , and become what he always want - what you be , Frederick . aiken what 's that ? mary you own man . a long beat . mary ( cont 'd ) go to she . off aiken 's confusion , Mary say solemnly -- mary ( cont 'd ) I be not look forward to it . but I be ready for what they have in store for I . Anna be not . aiken I be not leave you . mary please , Frederick . she 's not as strong as she think . off aiken take this in -- intercut : shiny dress shoe with wear riding boot . cross cobblestone . traversing prison grounds . ascend wooden step . climb a steel staircase . a paint front door swing open ... pull back : ext . / int . surratt boardinghouse -- dusk revealing aiken , in dress shoe , stand in the doorway . Anna , she eye swollen red with tear , avert aiken 's eye . and then a iron gate pivot on its hinge ... 96 . pull back : int . mary cell -- same revealing a soldier , barely 19 , in riding boot . Mary look he in the eye , as he begin read aloud from a document . young soldier after mature consideration of the evidence ... as_we intercut from dmage - to - image , accompany by the Young soldier read the verdict -- int . capitol , reverdy johnson' office Senator Johnson pull a well - wear pamphlet off he shelf . young soldier ( v.o . ) ... the Commission find the say accuse -- Mary eugenia Jenkins surratt ... as we CUT to -- int . log cabin John surratt pour himself another drink . young soldier ( v.o. ) ... guilty of conspire to kill and murder abraham lincoln , President of the United sate and Commander - in- Chief of the Army and navy ... as we CUT back to -- int . _ boardinghouse aiken follow Anna in as she attempt to conceal she distress . young soldier ( v.o. ) ... guilty of conspire to kill and murder , Andrew Johnson , vice President of the United States ... as we CUT to -- ext . century club Baker , Hamilton and pal exit the Club joke and laugh . they be meet by Catherine and several girlfriend . young soldier ( v.o. ) ... guilty of conspire to kill and murder , William H. seward , Secretary of State of the United States ... as we CUT back to -- int . cell Mary 's stoic expression remain unchange . 97 . young soldier ( v.o. ) ... the Commission do , therefore , sentence you , Mary surratt ... the soldier stop , look up at Mary before continue , as we quickly CUT from one image to another -- -- reverdy read from the constitution ... -- John surratt down he drink ... | -- aiken and Anna remain in silence , she back to he ... and then we CUT back to -- int . cell Mary calmly nod for the soldier to continue read . young soldier ( v.o. ... to be hang by the neck unti she be dead . Mary maintain she " face " until the Young soldier exit ... then buckle , just a bit , from what she 's just be tell . as we CUT back to -- int . _ boardinghouse Anna and aiken remain in silence for several beat . finally , aiken say softly ... aiken you be in love with Booth . that 's why you do not burn he photo . after a moment ... anna I swear I have no idea what he be capable of . we hold on Anna , as we CUT to -- int . boardinghouse - kitchen -- night ( flashback ) John surratt storm inside as Anna , in a apron with she hair up , be prepare supper . JOHN surratt Booth be crazy . he 's gonna get we into trouble -- or worse . anna calm down , John . just tell I what happen . JOHN surratt he tell I to pack a bag . he do not say where I be go . he just insist I leave town tonight . 98 . anna ok . then go pack you bag . JOHN surratt ma will not let I go -- even if I want . anna what he 's fight for ... what we be fight for be more important than any of we . JOHN surratt Richmond 's fall . the War be over anna the War be far from over , John . there 's still much we can do ! ( John do not budge ) do not be like pa . have the courage to see something through . John angrily turn away , and storm up the stair . man' voice ( 0.s. ) impressive . Anna be startle . Booth be stand in the kitchen doorway . anna Mr. Booth . _ booth Anna . look as lovely as ever . anna " Lovely " . indeed , you be a fine actor . Anna remove she apron in a attempt to make herself presentable . anna ( cont 'd ) how long have you be there ? booth Long enough to know the Cause would be better off with more like you . anna thank you , Mr. Booth . that 's a compliment I will accept . there be a undeniable chemistry here . off-screen , Mary and she son be in a heat conversation . ( note : the rest of this scene be familiar from earlier in the script -- only we see it from Mary 's Pov , not Anna 's . ) mary ( 0.s. ) there 's nothing more you can do . 99 . JOHN surratt ( 0.s. ) the war be far from over , mother and there 's still much I can do ! booth do he not have a original think ? anna think what you will , Mr. Booth , but he 's still my brother . booth my apology , miss surratt . I will see to it he make you proud . mary ( 0.s. ) John , please . JOHN surratt ( 0.s. ) unhand I , mother . suddenly , there be a crash upstairs . silence follow . Anna move towards the stair , but Booth grab she arm . booth . ( shout upstairs ) John , be you come or not ? moment later , John surratt come down the stair , a pack bag in hand . he blow past Anna , and say to Booth . JOHN surratt let 's go . Booth and Anna exchange a look . Booth follow John surratt out the front door . several moment later Mary come down the stair . she be bleed from a cut above she eye . off Mary exchange a long look with Anna , we CUT back to -- present time : int . boardinghouse -- afternoon Anna , tear now streaking she face , be hold a wanted poster feature John surratt . anna it should be my face on this -- not be . aiken remain silent . anna ( cont 'd ) I be such a coward . he 's my young brother . I should have protect he . but instead , I push he into it . aiken you do not know exactly what you be push he into . 100 . anna I know now . and yet I still tell you where to find he , and damned im on the stand . aiken you do so to save you mother . anna ; they need to know what I do . aiken to what end ? because it will help you mother none . anna but it 's the truth . aiken do she know ? Anna nod . aiken ( cont 'd ) then no one else need to . and aiken turn for the door , and exit , leave Anna alone . ext . boardinghouse -- continuous aiken begin to descend the step . he hesitates a moment think on it , and then continue on he way . int . cell Mary , at she cell window , soak in the late afternoon sunlight , as we hear , off screen -- paper boy ( 0.s. ) death by hanging ! death by hanging pull back : ext . WASHINGTON STREET as a dozen customer surround a paper boy , who be chant the headline aloud , almost gleefully . paper boy Mary surratt to meet her doom .. four assassin die tomorrow at noon aiken happen upon the excitement , still unaware . as the crowd slowly part , the headline be reveal to he : four conspirator to be execute herold , atzerodt , Payne & mary surratt other get prison term 101 . aiken look up from the paper and spot Catherine -- along with he mate -- across the street . aiken take off . only Catherine see he scurrying away . while the other chatter about the impending execution , Catherine remain apart , with a look of dismay , as we cut to -- full screen : of a rock , wrap with the latest newspaper surround by shattered glass ... pull back : int . boardinghouse - foyer revealing Anna , slump , sobbing , with the rock beside she it 's clear she 's now hear the news . int . U.S. capitol - aiken' office -- moment later aiken , in disbelief . reverdy Johnson be behind he desk aiken mudd , Arnold and o'laughlin get life in prison instead of death . and spangler only a half a dozen year . reverdy johnson stanton do not want they son . any word from hers ? aiken shake he head . reverdy johnson ( cont 'd ) qhen there 's nothing more you can oo . aiken there have to be something . reverdy johnson Fred , you have do everything you ossibly could . better than I would ave do . but you only allegiance now must be to yourself . aiken there be at least a dozen grounds on which to appeal this verdict . reverdy johnson and you know there 's no appeal it . that 's why stanton try she in a military court . aiken what about petition the President for a stay ? _. reverdy johnson ; the President sign the execution order . it 's over . 102 . aiken can you get I in to see he ? I will plead she case directly ... reverdy cut he off . reverdy johnson if John surratt will not sacrifice himself , son , why should you ? she 's not you mother . aiken and you be not my father . choir boy ( 0.s. ) Colonel aiken ? a choir boy , 12 , be stand in the doorway . aiken nod . choir boy this here 's for you . the Boy pass he a note . aiken quickly read it , then grab he jacket and head for the door reverdy johnson stanton will destroy you if you persist . freddie , this be not a war you can win . but aiken be go , as we CUT to -- ... the SOUND of screeching across a stone floor . pull back : int . arsenal prison - second floor -- dusk a guard push a cart down the second - story catwalk , stop in front of david herold 's cell . he pass a tray inside . herold receive the Beer and sandwich , he final meal . lewis payne chew on a fat cigar . GEORGE atzerodt cradle a bottle of bourbon . pull back : int . mary surratt' cell -- magic hour aiken enter with Mary 's tray . he raise the cover mary boil oyster ! aiken and some laudanum to calm the nerve . aiken hand she a small bottle fill with liquid . mary my goodness , you remember the spanish olive . 103. aiken it be not I . aiken nod toward the door , as Anna suddenly appear . Anna freeze in the doorway . do not know what to do . Mary open she arm . Anna rush into they . for the first time in a long while Anna be allow to be a young girl again . Mary cradle Anna in she arm . she take in every inch . mary I think this be what I be go to miss most . anna please , mama . do not ... aiken move toward the door to give they privacy . mary ; you have hear from my son , Frederick have not you ? aiken stop in he track . mary ( cont 'd ) Fred . aiken I be sorry . mary do not be . he 's safe this way . this smell delicious , Anna . let 's just enjoy you oyster , shall we ? come , Frederick . aiken I be go to appeal to Father walter one last time . mary I forbid you . aiken if I can produce you son , you just might live . mary if you " produce " my son , they will hang he alongside of I . aiken you do not know that . for God 's sake , Mary , make Father walter tell we where they be hide he . mary I will do no such thing . some day , John will be find . ( more ) 104 . mary ( cont 'd ) hopefully then , vengeance will no longer rule the day . Anna can remain silent no longer . anna this be my fault . mary hold you tongue . she glance at aiken . anna he know , ma . he know I push John into this . mary you poor dear . you must put you mind at ease . anna I will never forgive myself . mary , you be not to blame , Anna . aiken nor you Mary . it be you son who should be hold accountable . forget what he do to the country . look at what he 's do to you family . mary I assure you , Frederick , we will all be summon before the judgment bar of God -- where every knee must bend and every tongue confess . anna please , ma. let I tell they . mary shhh , my sweet . I have live a bless life . be at peace with this . one day , when you have a child , you will understand why it must be this way . ( a beat ) all I ask be that you be there for you brother -- more than you have ever be . a long beat . mary ( cont 'd ) promise I . anna I will try , mother . 105 . mary good . now , let 's eat . aiken turn for the door mary ( cont 'd ) Frederick . it 's over . you must stop pursue John . be that clear ? a beat . iken I will stop pursue John . you have my word . and aiken depart . the sound of hammering fill Mary 's cell . as Mary pull Anna closer to she , we CUT to -- the prison courtyard below , where workmen be beginning to construct the gallow . the setting SUN envelop the prison in a fiery orange . int . mansion - sitting room -- same Catherine be meeting with several society women . we do not know exactly what be be say except that she 's argue with passion -- and seem to be convincing a few . int . war dept . - holt office -- early evening as aiken plead with Holt , far less successfully . holt the death sentence be sign , Colonel . there 's nothing I can do . aiken I be not ask to overturn the verdict -- merely for a stay . so , I can petition for a new trial , in a civil court before a jury of she peer . olt then , you all have to speak directly with the President . he 's the only one who can grant such a delay . aiken begin to leave . Holt call out . holt ( cont 'd ) I dare say , you have a better chance overturn this building than get he to save you client . lest , he arouse suspicion he own hand have lincoln 's blood on they . aiken seem about to disclose John surratt 's whereabouts . 106 . holt ( cont'd something you wish to tell I , Colonel ? aiken consider , then shake , no . holt ( cont 'd ) in that case , dear boy , there 's nothing more you can do . ext . garden -- early evening Catherine be now surround by a larger crowd of society women -- all near she age . seem she 's win more convert to she side , though she exact cause be not yet clear to we . ext./ int . white house -- same the light be on upstair in the President 's private residence , but he 's nowhere to be find downstair . aiken appeal to two graybeard -- congressman king and senator lane -- just inside the front foyer . aiken all I require be a few moment of the President 's time . congressman king I have already tell you , Colonel , the President will not interfere with the Court 's ruling . this be a military matter , and must be take up with the War Department aiken and I just tell you , they be insist the decision be up to the President . senator lane we be sorry . aiken Congressman King . Senator Lane . at least , permit I to ask President Johnson for a week 's delay . senator lane the judge have rule , and there 's nothing the President can do . off aiken appear to have run out of option , we CUT to -- ... the SOUND of shattered glass . pull back : int . mary surratt' cell - same as Mary smashes the empty laudanum bottle into piece . she check Anna , who be in a laudanum - induce deep sleep , before select the large sliver . Mary begin to raise the knife - like shard up towards she throat ... 107 . slice ... slice ... slice ... strand of hair fall gently into she lap . Mary start weaving the lock together as the sound of hammering fill the room like a rhythmic dirge ... ext . U.S. capitol build -- evening as the moon rise high in the sky . int . aiken' office -- continuous aiken enter , crestfallen , seemingly nothing more he can do . to he surprise , reverdy Johnson q5 seat behind he desk -- surround by legal tome . reverdy johnson pull up a chair , freddie . we have get a long night ahead . aiken do as tell . the man start work away , they head bury in case law . after several beat -- reverdy johnson ( cont 'd ) know any joke ? aiken matter of fact I do . int . U.S. arsenal prison - courtyard -- midnight hammering continue into the night . the scaffold be now half -complete . dissolve to : int . U.S. arsenal prison - courtyard -- dawn as first light appear revealing the hammer have cease -- the scaffold be now complete . JULY 7 , 1865 int . U.S. capitol - reverdy johnson' office -- same sunlight catch aiken in the eye . he look at reverdy , who be write away , then glance at the wall clock , which read : 6:05 a.m. suddenly , catherine appear in the doorway accompany by a dozen women in they Sunday best . aiken Catherine ? what be you do here ? catherine we wish to help you client . aiken how ? 108 . catherine by petition the President on she behalf . aiken you be serious . Catherine nod . so do the other woman . aiken ( cont 'd ) it 's a_very kind gesture . thank you . but I have try . it 's impossible to even get through the door . catherine perhaps , the daughter of a senator , congressman , two ambassador and a cabinet member may persuade he to let we in . aiken look at reverdy for he response . reverdy johnson " impossible " may have be a bit strong , Fred . lady , good luck reverdy , Catherine exchange smile . aiken be clearly touch . reverdy hand aiken a document he 's be work on . reverdy johnson ( cont 'd ) Frederick . run. Catherine give aiken a kiss , as he rush out the door int . U.S. capitol - moment later aiken sprint across statuary hall past the bust of we found father , then out the Capitol door . ... pound and pounding . pull back : ext . townhouse -- a short while later aiken beat on the front door of a three - story brownstone , along a quiet , residential street . no street traffic outside . no light on inside . no answer . aiken pound again and again . moment later , a fragile , old man open the door , still tie on he robe . old man what in God 's name ? aiken justice wylie old man / justice wylie who be you ? 109 . aiken Frederick aiken , you honor . TI have a application here for a writ of habea corpus . justice wylie be you daft , young man ? it 's barely light . aiken it can not wait , sir . the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia be out last hope . justice wylie what 's this about ? aiken Mary surratt . wylie become agitate . justice wylie I can not help you , son . I be sorry . now , please go . aiken hold up the writ application . _ aiken please , sir . either you act_now - or else a innocent woman will die . wylie begin to close he door ... then pause to reconsider he check the street both way before wave aiken inside . ext . white house -- same Catherine lead she small army inside the White House , past the gatekeeper -- senator lane and congressman king . int . judge's study -- short while later mrs . wylie enter with tea and biscuit . aiken anxiously wait as justice wylie review he writ . justice wylie during the War , lincoln suspend a number of we rights -- include the writ of habea corpus , which you seek here today . if he have not , we might have lose the Union . so , how can you argue with he decision ? what good be we constitution if we nation be destroy ? aiken look distraught . justice wylie ( cont 'd ) but then again , what good be we nation without we constitution ... off aiken 's expression change to relief -- 110 . int . war department - holt office -- short while later as aiken slam the writ down on Holt 's desk . Holt , catch off -guard , shave foam still on he face , examine the writ . holt you have no right , Colonel . aiken wrong , " dear boy " . it 's we constitutional right . she should be release no later than noon . aiken exit . Holt turn to a aide . holt sergeant . find Secretary stanton -- immediately ! ext . white house -- short time later as Catherine and she group emerge from the White House , stanton rush inside . Catherine look on with concern . int . arsenal prison - mary cell -- short while later Anna have a look of shock anna so there will be a civil trial next time ? no general ? aiken no general . Anna can barely believe aiken 's news . Mary too . mary bless you , son . Mary regards aiken as if he be she own . he 's clearly move . Anna and Mary embrace . aiken glance out the window . aiken be Pov : from the window down into the courtyard below -- four chair be be set up atop the hanging platform . aiken 's face fill with panic . as he turn back from the window , soldier suddenly appear at Mary 's door . lead the way be the prison 's commandant . commandant ma'am , it 's time . aiken what be you do ? commandant we need to prepare she with the other . 141 . aiken the only prepare should be for she release . the commandant glance toward Anna . commandant I advise sedating the young lady . anna you will do no such thing . aiken present the judicial order . aiken I have get a writ that say Mary surratt be to be release into my custody . commandant Colonel . the President just suspend you writ . he hand aiken the executive order from the War Department . commandant ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . she 's to hang alongside the other no later than noon . now , step aside . we have get less than a we . on the commandant 's signal , the Soldiers move aiken aside . anna Frederick . do something . Anna clutches she mother . Mary slip a hair bracelet she 's woven from she own lock onto she daughter 's wrist . mary , I will always be with you . anna please . tell they they can not . aiken scan the executive order . his expression indicate there 's nothing he can do . as the Soldiers begin to escort Mary , she clasp she bible and rosary bead . mary no mother be ever more proud , Anna . Frederick . thank you . aiken steady Anna . but it 's as if he 's steadying himself . suddenly , Anna pull away from aiken . anna let go of she . and she pounce on the soldier . they quickly restrain Anna , as the prison Doctor inject she with a sedative . 112 . mary anna please , God . do not no. mama . no .... let they hurt she . Anna scream as she mother be be lead away . Mary , stricken with concern , call out . mary I love you , darling . Anna crumble as aiken catch she aiken I have get she , Mary . it 's ok . Mary , see that aiken have Anna , relax slightly , then call out to aiken . mary ; / proverbs 29:16 , Frederick . promise you will not forget . aiken I promise . and Mary disappear from view . as Anna begin to fade from exhaustion and the sedative , she mumble aloud . anna I will never forgive myself . aiken it 's ok , Anna . it 's ok . Anna gently lay Anna down . the commandant retrieve Mary 's white handkerchief from the cell floor , and hand it to aiken . commandant proverbs 29:16 ? aiken repeat by rote , stare off , in shock aiken " when the wick be in authority , transgression increase . ( a beat but the righteous will look upon they downfall . " int . war department - stanton' office -- short while later aiken rush past stanton 's aide . stanton' aide Sir , you can not enter without a appointment ... aiken ignore the aide , and burst inside stanton' office . he find the War Secretary seemingly oblivious to event beyond -- read a paper , while devour a hearty breakfast . 113 . stanton you be too late , counselor . you have you chance . stanton 's aide rush inside . aide I be so sorry , Mr. Secretary . stanton wave the aide off . aiken for God 's sake , she 's innocent . stanton I do not sentence she , the Court do . aiken at you request , no doubt . stanton assume I could , why would I ever choose to do such a thing ? aiken revenge . stanton goodness , no . I would never go to such length out of vengeance . ( a beat ) but to assure the safety and security of this nation , indeed , I would do anything . aiken but you want she son . stanton at this point , I will settle for either one . aiken like a human sacrifice ? stanton just think of she as another casualty of war . he point to a stack of casualty photo from the war . aiken on which side ? ; stanton Union over disunion . aiken not the Union I fight for . nor the one lincoln give he life to save . ( more ) 114 . aiken ( cont 'd ) no Union be worth preserve unless it guarantee justice for all . stanton word for rallying the troops , Colonel -- not for run a nation . aiken if you permit this injustice , I promise you will regret the day . stanton be that a threat , young man ? aiken it 's a prediction . ... a slip of paper with " mary surratt " write across it . pull back : int . arsenal prison - courtyard -- near noon Mary 's name be put inside a bottle . the bottle be then place inside a gun crate bare a " winchester " label . the crate be set next to three identical box -- each with a bottled name inside -- " atzerodt , " " herold " and " payne " . the four coffins now wait to be fill alongside the gallow . nearby , a soldier pass the prison commandant a note . ; soldier ; Captain , the prisoner , Lewis Payne , just make this confession . commandant what 's it about ? soldier the woman , sir . he swear she 's innocent ! ( a_beat ) what if it 's the truth ? both remain in silence as the hangman test the rope . match CUT to : aiken tug on a horse's reins . begin montage : ( no dialogue , just music ) aiken race across town in a horse - draw buggy , desperate to reach Mary before it 's too late . a guard unlock a metal door as the prisoner -- atzerodt herold , Payne and Mary surratt -- be lead from they cell . Mary clenches rosary bead firmly in she right hand . 115 . the prison Doctor tend to Anna inside Mary 's cell . he place she hand across she chest -- Mary 's hair bracelet now rest on Anna 's heart . aiken abandon he buggy in traffic , and begin weaving he way through the crowd . he throw off he union jacket as a pass carriage ride over it , grind it into the ground . Inside the prison courtyard , hundred of spectator and PRESS excitedly await the spectacle about to happen . a soldier open a black parasol over Mary 's head to chivalrously shield she from the broiling midday SUN . the four prisoner be now lead across the courtyard , force to pass a gauntlet of onlooker on they way to the gallow . aiken navigate a gauntlet of he own outside the prison wall as vendor gleefully hawk lemonade and cake . Mary ascend the gallow where the hangman now await . aiken ush past the mob , racing inside the prison wall . Father alter , now by Mary 's side , administer final rite . the other three prisoner be readied , with white hood cover they head to conceal they panicked face . the hangman remove Mary 's bonnet and veil , fasten she hand behind she back , and she skirt about she knee . aiken rush inside the courtyard , past baker and catherine desperate to see Mary before it 's too late . he spot Mary . she see he too . a SMALL smile spring to she lip . aiken smile back , wiping tear from he eye . he nod one last time to she . and she to he . the hangman place the hood and noose over Mary 's head , as aiken look away -- unable to watch any more . aiken feel a hand on he shoulder . it belong to reverdy johnson , who buttress aiken for what 's about to happen . the prison commandant clap three time -- follow by four soldier , who knock away the support beam beneath the platform hold up the prisoner -- the hanging platform swing down on its hinge as Mary and the other jerk downward with a terrifying ... thump ! then , silence -- a long deafen silence -- break , finally , by the sound of a flash bulb . we hold on a image of the scaffold , as Mary surratt become yet another casualty photo of the war slow dissolve to : ... a gavel be strike repeatedly with a thump . 116 . judge fisher ( 0.s. ) ... on the charge of conspire to assassinate President abraham lincoln . pull back : int . criminal court -- day as judge GEORGE fisher , 54 , attempt to quiet the packed courtroom with he gavel . judge fisher gentlemen of the jury , have you agree upon a verdict ? WASHINGTON , D.C. criminal court august 10 , 1867 - two year later the foreman , 43 , rise . foreman ( 0.s. ) no , you honor . we have not . the foreman & jury be distinct for be indistinct -- 12 civilian mix equally of northerner and southerner . foreman we be deadlock on the eighth ballot as we be on the first . judge fisher do you think you will ever reach a unanimous verdict in this matter ? the Foreman look troubled and weary . foreman no , you honor . I be afraid not . judge fisher in that case , I declare a mistrial . the defendant be hereby free to leave . but the defendant , now reveal , hardly look free -- JOHN surratt look more like a prisoner of guilt . his sister , anna , be beside he . she show no sign of joy , or even relief . instead , she glance to the back of the courtroom to frederick aiken , just a bystander now . aiken nod to Anna . John surratt attempt to see where Anna be look . but when he do , aiken be long go . ... the sound of weeping pull back : int . courthouse -- bathroom - short while later as we reveal John surratt be sobbing inconsolably , he face bury into the wall . he sense someone watch , and turn . the Pov on John surratt belong to aiken , who just stare at he without a word . John surratt gather he emotion . 117 . JOHN surratt you be Frederick aiken , be not you ? aiken nod . JOHN surratt ( cont 'd ) I ... I never ... I wish to thank you for the kindness you show my mother aiken say nothing . JOHN surratt ( cont 'd ) believe I , Mr. aiken , I never think they would kill she . she 's commit no crime . aiken well , now you have you freedom . JOHN surratt i kill my mother . I will never be ree . neither say a word . tear streak surratt 's face . aiken remove a white handkerchief from he pocket . aiken it belong to she . I hope it comfort you in you grief . aiken begin to leave . JOHN surratt keep it , Colonel . she now belong to you . aiken pause a moment and decide to keep the handkerchief . he exit without a word as we hold on John surratt 's grief . ext . criminal courthouse -- hallway - day aiken exit the majestic building . he be meet by Catherine and Baker . he spot Anna across the way , in conversation . aiken excuse himself , and walk over to Anna . Anna greet he with a warm smile . anna it 's good of you to come , Frederick . I would like you to meet my husband . William tonry , this be ... william tonry it 's a honor , Mr. aiken . william tonry , mid -20s , shake aiken 's hand . Anna lovingly grab she belly , which we now realize be pregnant . her mother 's hair bracelet be apparent . 118. anna if she 's a girl , we be name she Mary . aiken you mother would like that . a awkward beat . aiken ( cont 'd ) I should be get back . Anna nod sweetly . aiken ( cont 'd ) congratulation to you both . william tonry it be nice meeting you . aiken smile , and rejoin Catherine and Baker . as they descend the courthouse step , several young turk watch aiken with a look of awe -- reminiscent of aiken with he buddy spot luminary at the start of the story . one of the young turk begin to approach aiken , but he buddy grab he . young turk # 1 you can not just go up to he without a introduction . we pull back as aiken cross beneath a grand statue of lady justice -- a scale , in one hand , and sword , in the other we continue pull back until aiken and the other be swallowed by the people below ... begin end credit : ( titlecard accompany by relevant image ) the year after the conspirator ' trial the supreme court rule military trial of U.S citizen be unconstitutional . few be surprised a jury -- half from the North and half from the South -- could not agree on a verdict in the matter of JOHN surratt . he be never try again . edwin stanton be fire by President Johnson after discover he have force the Commission to change Mary surratt 's sentence from life to death . stanton never hold office again . ( image : stanton barricade himself inside he office . ) joseph holt deny he role in the plot with stanton , and spend the rest of he life try to clear he own name . ( image : Holt be hound by the press . ) 119 . none of the general ever serve on another military Commission . but general lewis wallace do achieve renown of a_different sort , as the author of BEN hur . ( image : wallace sketch chariot race at the deliberation . ) congressman preston king and senator jame lane , both reportedly guilt-ridd at have help prevent a stay of execution , commit suicide soon after Mary surratt 's death . ( image : the pair block aiken from see the President . ) JOHN surratt marry a relative of Francis Scott Key , the author of " the Star spangle Banner . " he be the father of seven and work as a auditor until he death in 1916 . ( image : John still weight with guilt . ) anna surratt and she husband have four child . fire by the War Department for marrying Anna , william tonry go on to earn the first honorary degree in chemistry from georgetown University . the couple name they eldest , Mary . ( image : Anna show she hair bracelet to she daughter , Mary . ) senator reverdy johnson continue battle to safeguard the constitution . he be instrumental in save President Johnson from impeachment by a partisan group lead by Edwin stanton . ( image : Johnson happily eat he dinner alone . ) frederick aiken leave the law and become a journalist . but keep he promise to Mary surratt , continue to fight injustice as the first city editor of the WASHINGTON post . ( image : aiken , Catherine by he side , put out the paper . ) in 1869 , president johnson grant full unconditional pardon to the only conspirator still live -- SAMUEL mudd , edward spangler and SAMUEL arnold . he order the body of the other be exhume and return to they family . mary surratt be give a proper burial by she daughter , anna , outside of Washington , D.C. frederick aiken be by she side . ( image : Mary 's headstone in mt. olivet Cemetery near d.c . ) dissolve to : ext . the surratt boardinghouse -- ( in 1865 ) the boardinghouse , dark , but for a single light on upstairs . dissolve to : ext . the surratt boardinghouse -- ( in 2008 ) the boardinghouse , exactly as it be today , look the same , but now identify by the bright neon sign : 120 . wok & roll restaurant with the dome of the U.S. capitol , the white house and the rest of the nation 's capital beyond . fade to black :