the sister brother written for the screen by Jacques audiard and Thomas bidegain base on the Book by Patrick dewitt Black . insert : '' Oregon 1851 '' distant detonation in the dark . cries and shout , distant as well . 1_ext blount ranch landscape night : a nightscape . charlie ( 0.s. ) hey ! this be the sister brother ! the commodore send we . he know you have Blount . Hand he over and the rest of you will live . in the background , at first very far away , flash of gunfire and detonation . as we move in , we make out the shadow of a farm , at time briefly light up by long 45 - caliber flame . scream . 1a_ext blount ranch landscape night : the gunfire have end . two man step out of the night in silence . eli sister , 40 , he face heavy and gentle ; Charlie sister 35 , thin and juvenile . the sister Brothers . they reload they gun . spare , precise gesture . eli cover Charlie . they reach the verandah . the house be silent . there be two body sprawle out on the floor of the verandah . Charlie roll they over , look at they and shake he head ' no 's . he point to the door . eli kick it in . Charlie slip inside . 2 int . blount ranch night : gunfire light up the room . two gun fire back . a silhouette collapse . silence and darkness . eli scratch a match and light two lamp . he hand one to Charlie . they walk around the room , step over corpse . four of they . 2 . lamp light on the corpse 's face . one man be still breathe . Charlie sit he up . charlie where 's Blount ? blood froth on the man 's lip . Charlie shake he . charlie Blount ? the man cough . Charlie finish he off . something on the ceiling catch eli 's attention : dust trickle from between the plank . 3 int blount ranch attic night : up in the attic , dry and dark . a scared man cower behind bale of hay . Blount . his hand scratch at the wooden slat of the roof , rip away straw and adobe . he hear footstep on the step of the ladder . he groan . in the hole of the roof , a chunk of sky appear , the moon ... footstep on the attic floor . Blount slip through the open ... 4 ext ranch roof - night : --- roll , fall from the roof ... ... lie on the ground , the wind knock out of he ... he sit up ... charlie Blount ? Blount turn around . Charlie barely aim . shoot . Blount collapse . Charlie shoot twice to finish he off , then turn to the ranch and reload . eli ( 0.s. ) Charlie ! Charlie ! suddenly : eli 's voice be hear from above . Charlie step away . he look up and see he brother in the hole in the roof , point to something . eli the barn ! he hear something gallop behind he . he turn around , clutching he gun . a horse on fire gallop through the landscape . 5a ext barn blount 's ranch - night : the barn be on fire . through the flame , we see the silhouettes of horse panic . shield they face , the two brother try to penetrate the inferno . charlie what be you do ? eli I be not walk home ! charlie eli ! do not be fuck stupid , let 's go ! they be just fuck horse ! on he last try , eli come run back out with he coat on fire . he roll around on the ground to put out the flame . Charlie help he . helpless , they hear they horse neigh in terror . 5b ext barn . blount farm -night . in the background , the barn be still burn . eli how many you think we have kill ? charlie I do not know , six , seven ? eli well , we fuck that up real good . they disappear into the night . 6a ext commodore 's mansion -day : it be gray and cold . hard to tell if it be dawn or dusk . the dark silhouette of a huge neo-gothic building . on the gate , a sign with the owner 's coat of arm : a sun shine on a globe , stamp with a anchor . it be the commodore 's mansion . on the other side of the white fence , eli sister be wait on a low - back horse , slump like a sagging sofa - '' Tub '' . eli be dress sloppily , he stomach protrude over he belt . he look at the horse attach beside he : a superb Spanish barb horse , large and muscle - '' nimble '' . he shake he head in disbelief . he look back at the manor house . a silhouette appear at the first floor window . it be he brother Charlie , in the glow of oil - burn lamp . then another silhouette appear beside he , a smaller , white - haire man , dress in black : the commodore . 6b ext . commodore 's mansion -day : Charlie be come back . he look dirty and sloppy too , but thin and naturally elegant . eli what do the commodore say ? do you mention the horse ? charlie let 's go get a drink . eli try to catch up with he brother . 7a_int . oregon CITY - pig king SALOON - day : the brother be sit in the back of a saloon . not many customer at the bar . Charlie be drink brandy . eli be drink less . Charlie speak softly . charlie he say if there have be a lead man , we would not have have problem at the Blount ranch . he say for the next job , we need to have a lead man . eli what 's it mean about money ? charlie more for I . eli no . my money , I mean . same as before ? charlie well , no . less , obviously . eli make a face . Charlie pour he a glass to keep he calm . eli the commodore want to pay for a lead man , that 's fine . but it 's bad business to short the man underneath . charlie you be not ask what the job be ? eli no . charlie I 'il tell you anyways . we have to go South and find Morris . eli the commodore 's John Morris ? ..- and why do we have to find this Morris ? Charlie downs he glass , he lean over to eli . charlie he 's after a prospector name Hermann Kermit warm . eli great . he can find he and kill he . end of story . charlie Morris be a scout , not a killer . the mission be : Morris find warm , he hold he , we come in and finish the job . that 's the mission . eli think it over . eli what about the horse ? charlie what 's you goddamn problem with the horse ? eli the commodore tell we he would get we new horse ! charlie be not that what he do ? eli no . for you he get a new horse . for I , he make room in he stable and get rid of some horse meat . charlie do not you think we can talk about this later ? eli no , I do not need the horse later , I need it now , for the job ! the bartender come to take the bottle and get pay . charlie the horse be fine , stop be a baby . eli be it the word '' go halve '' that you do not like ? to the bartender , see that Charlie be not budging . eli the lead 's man pay 7b ext . oregon CITY SALOON STREET day : they cross the street to they horse . we discover the town : a prosperous , thriving western city . 8 ext sister house day : in a prairie , a small log cabin . they horse be tie in front 9 int sister house day : the inside be rudimentary . each brother be in what serve as he room , pack for the trip . Charlie 's room look like a sty , eli 's be clean and tidy . on one of the '' live room '' wall be a frame landscape cut out of a newspaper . Charlie shift the frame to uncover a hide place . he grope inside and pull out a few bill , then a few gold piece . he count they and place they in a large wallet . ool se eli cut he hair in front of a dusty mirror . his long hair fall on the ground strand by strand . he call for Charlie 's help . eli hey , come cut the back of this for I . just cut it off . Charlie smile at eli 's face in the mirror . charlie you look funny like that . woe ] oe eli take a red woolen shawl from the dresser drawer and fold it with particular care . 10 ext sister house day : eli mount Tub , who seem to buck under he weight . he dig he spur in the horse 's flank , the horse balk ... he join Charlie . the two man leave the log cabin and prairie behind . 11 ext relay station 1 day : a relay station , further south . 8. sitting at a small table in the shade of the verandah , a man be write a letter . his clothes be elegant and understate . he be well groom , fine - feature and strong . a handsome man . John Morris , 35 . morris ( v.o . ) dear solicitor , my friend , my father have vow to do two thing . first , to do whatever it take to ruin my life . and second , to disinherit I . he keep he word for the first . not for the second . it surprise I , and I attribute it to he decline health . in any case , I want nothing of this inheritance : not the title , the factory , the building or the westwood property ... I want nothing . I ’l1l be back in Washington before winter . we will deal with all this detail then . I shake you hand . you friend , John Morris . across from he , the landscape pulse under the sun . John fold he letter . 12_int / ext relay station 1 day : the letter disappear into a big leather sack mark '' mail '' . morris when do the last wagon train pass through ? owner yesterday . morris I be look for a guy name warm . Hermann Kermit warm , 5 foot 6 , lean , dark skin , no bag or gear . he 's travel in a wagon train . the owner do not see warm . 13 ext relay station 1 day : John Morris head back to he curly horse , build to ride long and hard . they head down the trail . the mare immediately launch into a perfect half - gallop . 9. torso straight , foot in the stirrup , John Morris ride off like a mongol horseman . 14 ext oregon countryside day : tall grass blow in the wind . on they horse , side by side , the brother slowly cross a large , sloping landscape . charlie gorgeous country , be not it ? odd we have not see anyone since this morning . eli if we have stay on the trail , we would have come across more people . charlie yeah , but it 's nothing like what they say . supposedly the whole world be search for gold ! honestly ... 15a ext countryside camp sister 1 night : they set up camp and finish eat by the fire . eli what do this Hermann warm do ? charlie he steal something from the commodore . eli think it over . eli do not you find it strange , all this man foolish enough to steal from such a dangerous man ? Charlie have no opinion . eli how do they even steal anything at all ? we know how cautious the commodore be . 10 . charlie caution have nothing to do with it . he do business in every corner of the country , and even overseas . a man can not be everywhere at once . it stand to reason he have be victimize . eli victimize ?!? charlie yes , victimize . eli the commodore be uvictimize '' ? charlie what would you call it ? if a man be force to protect he fortune with the like of we ? eli not '' victimize '' ... charlie you be not go to start nitpick over every word . what 's you problem ? be you upset ? charlie you be upset that I be the lead man ? be that it ? if that 's it , just say so . but stop split hair ... eli I be not split hair ! you be use a strange word and I be make you take notice ... Charlie drop he tin pan and go to he corner to spread open he blanket . accord to a well - establish routine , eli collect the tin pan and silverware , and then stoke the fire . 15b ext countryside . sister camp 1 : eli spread out a first blanket , then lay a patchwork quilt on top . he wind he pocket watch , put it next to he '' pillow '' and lie down . 11 . nearby , Charlie let out a loud fart . eli check he watch and move the big hand up to the 9 . 15c_ ext mountain ridge day : they climb up a steep path , spurring the horse on . they stop at the top and let the horse catch they breath . charlie ccould it be miss emilia patridge ? eli what be you talk about ? charlie it 's the schoolteacher who give you that silly red scarf ... ( imitate he ) the one you keep fold and unfold in secret ? eli it 's call a shawl . be I not entitle to any privacy ? charlie have you make plan with this miss emilia ? eli plan ? charlie to marry she , start a family , have child ... something like that . eli I do not know . why be you so interested all of a sudden ? charlie I be wonder about family . you remember how pa be with ma ? eli yes , Charlie , I remember . charlie make you think ... you be not scared to reproduce yourself ? 12 . charlie you do realize that we father be stark -rave mad and that we get he foul blood in we vein ? eli we father drank , Charlie . Charlie look at he seriously , then smile . charlie that be he gift to we . that blood . that 's why we be good at what we do . 16 ext hill warm 's caravan Pov day : title : a few mile away further south Pov from a pair of binocular : a caravan of three cover wagon struggle up a hill . we see the driver whip they horse . the passenger get out and push . the binocular remain on the wagon and man . when they have reach the top of the hill , the passenger climb back into the wagon . the binocular stop on the wagon bring up the rear , and on the man who just sit against the rear slat : Hermann Kermit warm . 16b ext hill warm 's caravan day : John Morris put away he binocular . he start off , at a distance from the caravan . 17_ext pioneer town day : from the saloon door , Morris watch a house be build . warm be one of the workmen . he watch he see plank , assemble beam and direct the maneuver to hoist the facade . 13 . 18 int / ext . frontier town day : at the end of the day , Morris see the owner of the house hand warm some coin for he labor . morris ( v.o. ) May 15th . myrtle Creek , Oregon . the gold rush have make the detective 's job much easier . when you look for a woman , a man , a horse or a dog , just follow the gold . and soon enough you will find whom or what you be after . Hermann Kermit warm , eat messily , 5 foot 6 , lean , dark skin , no friend , no baggage , no money . 19 ext / int . pioneer town 01 / tent camp day : Morris see warm back in the encampment , where he pay a bowl of soup , and lie for down on a cot . he pull up the cover over he head and lie still . 20 ext pioneer town 01 dawn : a wagon train be about to depart . Hermann Kermit warm climb aboard the last wagon . at the village outskirt , Morris wait for the caravan to disappear before set off on he own . 21a int pioneer town 02 trading post day : Charlie and eli be cover in sweat and dust . charlie sister . s-i-s-t-e-r-s , like sister . behind the counter , a storekeeper in a undershirt and a apron tense up when he hear they name . he stop look through the mail leave there to be pick up . storekeeper no , nothing . I have have remember . 14 . charlie no news be good news . what 's the next town on the trail ? storekeeper myrtle Creek . charlie how far ? storekeeper two day . 21b int pioneer town 02 trading post day : eli walk around the store . every possible accoutrement for prospect : pan , cradle , bucket , pickax , a dismantle model of Long Tom , oil lamp , clothing make of fabric , of leather ... the store be dark and luminous at the same time . eli be enthralled , curious ... he stop in front of a small metal box . Inside , a small brush with a wooden handle . he pick it up and study it . the storekeeper come by . storekeeper interested ? eli what be it ? storekeeper a toothbrush , sir . to keep you tooth longer and you breath fresher . look . he open a box of tooth powder and shove it under he nose . he sniff . smell good . charlie ( 0.s. ) what kind of boot do you have ? storekeeper I will be with you right away , sir ! 22 ext pioneer town 02 SALOON STREET evening : a small town , but lively . the brother walk down Main Street . eli be carry he small package from the store . 15 . Charlie be freshly outfit from head to toe . you can almost hear he clothes crinkling . eli you know , when we stop , that 's the kind of store I have like to have . charlie when we stop what ? eli killing people ! I believe I could settle into a life like that . do not it seem pleasant in there ? charlie I would die of boredom . eli it seem peaceful enough to I . I bet that man sleep very well at night . charlie because that 's the point ? to sleep well at night ? you do not sleep well at night ? eli no , and neither do you . charlie I ? you must be kid . I sleep like a baby . eli say you ! you grit you tooth , and sometimes you cry . charlie I cry ?!? eli yes , you cry . Charlie stare at he , smirk . charlie what be you talk about ? be you try to tell I something ? 16 . eli we be talk ... I be just tell you the truth . charlie yeah , right . ( he hand he saddlebags to he brother ) put this in the room . we ’1ll meet up later . eli cross the street load down and head for the saloon 23 int pioneer town 02 HOTEL room evening : naive black and white drawing illustrate how to use the toothbrush . a small hotel room . eli brushes he tooth accord to the instruction . he be diligent and excessive , as if invent a style . he sit in front of the window overlook the street and the entrance to the saloon . eli blow into he cup hand to smell he new breath . 24 ext pioneer town 02 SALOON STREET night : night have fall . eli be in the street . he finish eat something , all the while look out the corner of he eye at the saloon . Inside , Charlie be in the middle of a conversation with a man in a suit and hat . they have both be drink . Charlie admire the revolver hang from he belt . the man hand it to he . Charlie weigh it in he hand . he like its proportion . when he hand it back , he mouth be smile , but not he eye . 25 ext pioneer town 02 / tent encampment night : eli wander through the tent at the town limit . there be people in all kind of attire , speak all kind of language , guttural and crystalline . 17 . he notice Russian astrakhan hat and the strange pointy one of shtetl Jews . lean over a cauldron , a woman sell soup for a few cent . she serve he a bowl . he eat . eli it 's good . be it vegetable ? woman bortsch . eli I taste dill . woman bortsch ! the woman do not understand . he give up . he hear chant from behind . he approach . finish he soup , he watch a family observe the sabbath ritual . 26 int / ext HOTEL room night : eli be asleep . shout , gunshot come from the street wake he up . he grab he gun and run to the window . down below , in the middle of the street , Charlie be teeter with a gun in each hand . he shoot into the air . charlie five ... six ... be you count ? Seven , eight ... nine ! oh where do you go ? where do you go ? the saloon and the street empty . silhouettes cautiously hug the facade . the street be now desert . charlie you fuck coward ... no one want to measure themselves up against Charlie sister ?! no one really ? eli go back to bed . eli go home you fool ... 18 . 27 int HOTEL room night : the noise be come closer . when the door open , eli turn to the wall and shut he eye . the room now echoe with Charlie 's heavy breathe and groan . charlie ( 0.s . ) + . and that idiot , fast asleep ... what good be you ?... damn , if you be not my brother , I would have ditch you age ago ... even the commodore want to ... '' why do you carry around that dead weight ? '' ... '' because he 's my brother , I answer . we all have we fuck cross to bear ! " '' ... he appreciate how loyal I be . '' faith will be repaid with faith , '' he say . a beat . then suddenly , right next to eli 's ear , the click of a revolver be cocked . eli open he eye and look at he brother . above he , Charlie 's revolver be aim at he . charlie -.. tst-tst ... it 's not nice to fake it . eli go to sleep . charlie can I ask you a question , brother ? who can have faith in you ? Real faith ? huh ? he lift he hand sententiously and stumble off to bed . 28 ext willamette valley day : they be riding they horse across the willamette Valley . eli be sullen . Charlie be riding behind , slump over nimble 's neck . all of a sudden , eli hear a big thump . jade , he stop Tub ... he dismount and step toward Charlie , lie on the ground . he lift he up , not gently . his new outfit be now dirty . Charlie feel nauseous . eli turn around . he hear Charlie vomit . eli grab he roughly and help he back into the saddle . 19 . charlie do not judge I , please . some day we be stronger than other . 29 ext willamette valley day : they be riding one behind the other . eli remain silent . Charlie be feel a bit better . charlie you okay ? Charlie catch up to eli . charlie be you pout ? no answer . charlie be it because I drank ? eli feel Charlie stare at he . he stop Tub . eli listen , either ride in front or ride in back , but I do not feel like talk . charlie it 's just like I say : you be pout . you be ruin the atmosphere on purpose . we could have have a delightful day and you take it on yourself to ruin it ... oh , fuck it . pout if you want to . he spur nimble and take the lead . charlie well , if you insist on pout , you should give it you all . give we a full pout , eli . you must stew and hate and revisit all the slight I offer you in childhood . do not you forget a single one ! eli smile slightly . 20 . charlie no , you must not smile when pout ! it 's wrong and you know it 's wrong ! 30 ext pioneer CITY 03 day : heavy fog . another pioneer town on the trail . as usual , there be one main street , wood house and store sign . John Morris shakily cross the muddy street on wooden plank that have be laid down . 31a int pioneer CITY 03 / SALOON day : Morris be have dinner at a table in the back . without have to look up from he notebook , he feel warm 's presence at the bar . dirty , muddy , haggard . morris ( v.o . ) May 17th , Wolf Creek . I travel through place that do not exist 3 month ago . first there be tent , then house , then 2 month later shop with woman fiercely discuss the price of flour . I find this line by thoreau . '' this town too lie out '' ... at one point , he sense warm 's shadow by he side . warm we have see each other before ? morris no I do not think so . warm you be in myrtle Creek two day ago . morris yes I be , like many other folk . warm be you head down to San Francisco ? morris no , just to jacksonville . 21 . warm work ? morris yes , work . warm be now sit two table away . morris and you , San Francisco ? gold ? warm yes , like many other folk . a beat . warm look at he with a strange smile . Morris be almost embarrassed . warm May I tell you something , sir ? morris of course . warm typically , when a man wish another man good day , he smile while face the other person , but once he pass by , the smile drop from he face . not you . you smile remain on you lip after you have turn away . warm 's candor and good nature throw Morris for a loop . morris ( embarass ) well I ... I have have not notice ... it 's common courtesy . warm it 's not only that . you take a genuine pleasure in commune with other . be I mistaken ? morris I honestly do not know . ( a beat ) would you like to join I for lunch ? warm I would have love to , but I be a bit hard up at the moment . 22 . morris as my guest , of course . 31b int frontier CITY 03 / SALOON day : the two man be have dinner . a beat . warm and what take you to jacksonville ? morris Business to settle . I be meeting two of my associate there . how be you make you way south ? warm I have a seat in a cover wagon . morris how long do you think till you reach Frisco ? warm the question be not how long before I get there , the question be what state will I be in when I do . if I do . to be honest with you , my faith in my host be very limited . they have rifle through my belonging several time and every time I take out my money , they eye be like dagger . morris Mr warm . you ought to not endanger yourself in that way . you have to be more careful than that warm what other choice do I have ? 32 ext pioneer town 03 / horse dealer day : a corral . horse , mule and oxen . the horse dealer show warm some mule . Morris examine they . horse dealer 50 , horseshoe include . 23. morris 35 . horse dealer 35 be for a mule ! morris 40 , with the saddle , bag and shoe . horse dealer hey listen to I if you want to by a horse you pay the price for a horse . Morris examine the mare 's hoof . morris you be never gonna sell this horse . not at 50 , not at 40 ... she 's a bad hip , anyone have see that with a eye . 40 ! 40 . horse dealer but ... morris ( 0.s ) gentlemen I have find he . I have manage to make a acquaintance and have arrange to travel with he . if all go well we should be in jacksonville ... 33_ext pioneer town 03 trail dawn : Morris and warm be riding side by side , chat . they leave the slow cover wagon behind . morris ( v.o. ) win seven day ... I will try to hold he until you arrival and find a secluded place to hand he over . 34 int relay station 2 day : a relay station on the trail , for horse and stagecoach . eli finish read the message from Morris : eli '' make haste . John Morris . '' 24. charlie one good point for Morris , even if I do not like the ... '' make haste . '' who do that asshole think he be ? he turn to the horse - dealer in charge of the place . charlie when do they pass through ? horse dealer four day ago . charlie be there a faster way to jacksonville , off trail ? horse dealer well , it 's rougher to go up the mountain but you will save a couple of day . 35 ext forest mountain road day : they climb switchback up a mountain road . a forest loom before they , like a dark green wall . they silhouettes disappear behind the line of tree . 36 ext camp sister 2 night : eli be wake by groan . he turn toward Charlie . he stand up and lean over he . tear be flow from Charlie 's close eye . he whimper and groan in he sleep . eli feel move by he brother 's pain . he waver , then put out he hand to wake he . Charlie 's eye suddenly pop open . charlie peek -a-boo ! eli jump up . Charlie burst out laugh . he clutches he stomach . eli look peeve . Charlie imitate eli . eli fool ! 25 . charlie I think you be go to kiss I ! the blanket shake as they laugh uncontrollably . 37_ext forest / burn wagon day : they ride , tiny among the tall tree . they voice and hoofbeat echo among the trunk . after a beat : charlie the rain muddy it all up . I can not see a thing . what do you think ? eli we must be able to pick up the trail somewhere . they split up . eli ride alone , look for the trail . he turn back from time to time , but no longer see he brother . he be overtaken by a feel of dread . he spot some rut , some hoof print ... he whistle : eli over here ! he continue onward and find the remain of a wagon , a animal carcass ... and human bone . he dismount . the wagon have obviously be plunder . he kick at some pathetic scrap . a piece of paper catch he eye . he unfold it , wipe it clean and try to make out the write . he hear Charlie arrive . he slip the paper into he jacket and get back on Tub . 37b ext . forest / indian . day : they be riding , Charlie in front , eli behind decipher the letter he find among the debris . eli ( off ) '' dear mother , I feel lonely and the day be long here . my horse have pass and he be a close friend . I think of you cooking and wonder what I be do here . I believe I will come home soon . ( more ) 26 . eli ( off ) ( cont 'd ) I have almost 200 dollar in gold dust . it 's not the pile I would hope for , but good enough for now . the smell of smoke in still my nostril and I have not have a laugh in such a long time . mother ! I think I will leave here very soon . with all my love , you son '' 38 ext forest camp sister 3 night : smolder ember in the fire . eli be asleep , wrap in he patchwork quilt . he half - open he eye and see he brother by the light of the ember , he gun across he lap . a fine watchman . he shut he eye , feel reassure . Close on black . open on extreme cu : a hairy spider climb up eli 's neck . it reach he neck . it remain there for a beat , as if to get its bearing . when eli 's mouth open , it disappear inside . Close on black . 39 ext caravan camp warm / morris night 38a : a starry sky . Morris walk up to the horse . behind he , a few dozen foot away , there 's another campfire with a few prospector have dinner . Morris open warm 's small bag and discover some clothes , uninteresting artefact , a conversion table , a slide rule , a chemistry handbook and a few notebook with '' this notebook belong to h.k. warm '' write on the cover . he open of that : page fill with calculation and formulas . he hear footstep behind he and go back near the fire . warm come up , he 's hold some bowl and cup of coffee . 39b ext caravan camp warm / morris night : they be eat . 27 . morris I have only just notice that 's the only bag you have ? I guess you be gonna have to buy gear when you get to San Francisco . warm I do not need equipment . morris you be go to look for gold ina river without a shovel , a pail , a cradle ... warm this be the great challenge all prospector face . how do I get what 's just beneath my foot ? there 's only two solution of course : hard labour and good luck . I have be work on a third solution for many year . one that be simpler , faster , more certain . and I think today I find it . Morris stare in disbelief . warm you do not believe I . morris no offence , warm , frankly I be have a hard time . warm you know it 's funny , people usually do not believe I , and then when they do , they want to kill I . morris what be this idea ? Morris look at he . warm smile . after a beat . warm well I tell you I be a chemist . it 's the idea of a chemist , it 's a formula . morris '' abracadabra '' ? 28 . warm no , a divine substance . morris a divine substance you ... you mix in the river water ? warm nod . morris this formula ... this diviner ... call it what you may ... as a man of science , have you ever test it ? 40 ext forest camp sister 3 day : the sun have trouble pierce through forest and mist . Charlie be on he foot . next to he , eli 's blanket do not move . he give he brother a kick . charlie eli wake up ! eli I do not feel good ... Charlie lift up the blanket . eli be hunch up , shiver . his head have swollen to twice its size . it be a different color . charlie oh shit what happen to you face ? eli answer inaudibly . eli I do not know . charlie it 's all swollen and you neck ! you look like ... one of that dog , what be it , the ... the mastiff ! eli fuck you ! I be sick . charlie all right sit up . let I look at you . eli open he mouth . Charlie look inside and make a face . 29 . charlie get a gallon of blood sloshing around in there ! Charlie help he sit up . charlie you think you can sit in a saddle ? eli I do not know , I be freezing . eli 's head bob . 41 ext forest evening pour rain . a occasional flash of lightning light up the tree trunk . Charlie lead they on . eli hold on , rock back and forth . semi-unconscious , eli hunch over Tub 's neck . the horse trip . eli 's tooth clatter and he shout in pain . bloody spit trickle onto Tub 's neck . Charlie hand he a wad of tobacco . charlie stick this between you tooth . it will stop they from chatter . we be go to have to hurry if we want to outrun the storm . he take the rein of eli 's horse . charlie ( cont 'd ) you hold on ? eli grab onto the saddle knob . 42a ext . forest / sister camp night : Charlie struggle to open a oilcloth , like a sail slapping in the wind . he stretch it between two tree then unfold another one underneath ... he lay eli down on it and cover he with blanket . eli shiver . eli I be tired , Charlie ... he close he eye . Black . 42b ext . nightmare / forest . night : wind roar , rain patter . open . eli 's low - angle Pov : in a sudden flash of lightning , shadow of a man 's face cut out in the light of dawn . father there you be my sweety . eli ( off ) pa ... pa ... father I have look all over for you . the silhouette 's man chopping wood with a axe . we move in slowly , we hear choke breathe . eli ( off ) pa ?! father come closer , let I take you in my arm . eli ( off ) no ... no ! 30 . the we come nearer and find arm and leg on the chopping block , and he foot red with blood . Black . 42c ext forest camp sister 4 night : eli open he eye . he take a moment to observe the tree : they slowly sway , water drip from they leave , they straighten up . his head look less swollen . he stick a finger in he mouth , retch and spit out bloody phlegm . 31 . charlie you okay ? a beat . eli I think so . Charlie , naked , squat next to a die fire , try to warm up some bean . his clothes be stretch out around the fire . eli come to . a huge brown clump between they camp and the horse catch he eye : the corpse of a grizzly bear . he stand up . eli what happen ? charlie well , this gentleman wander into the camp last night . eli go over to look at the grizzly 's cadaver in the mud . charlie he get you horse real good . he go right for he . eli go over to Tub , still shaking : the bear rip away some of he nose . a damage leave eye under a bloody lid . charlie it 's the horse that wake I up . what a fuck night ! eli I have a dream about pa’ last night . Charlie throw away the bean , stand up and gather up he clothes . charlie well that 's perfect ! I be sick of this place . it reek of death , everything be fuck soak . let 's go ! 43 int jacksonville morri 's room day : Morris wash he hand and face at the basin . 32 . he dry himself off and surprise he reflection in the mirror . he look at himself . 44 ext jacksonville HOTEL day : in front of the Motel , Morris ask a man for direction . title : jacksonville oregon . man : third house , on the right . morris thank you . 45a ext jacksonville warehouse day : Morris take a walk around . once he get away from the trail , thing become quiet . he check out passersby as if count they . on the outskirt of town , behind a sort of hangar , he spot a shack . 45b ext jacksonville warehouse day : he push open the door : hay , not much light . through the wood slat in the wall , the town , far enough away . 46 int jacksonville HOTEL corridor day : Morris open the door to he room . 47 int jacksonville HOTEL morris 's room day : his saddle bag and knapsack be still on the floor . he put he knapsack on the bed , open it ... morris shit ... he go to the window and peer into the street . no one . he head to the door and open it : warm be on the landing , a pair of handcuffs dangle from one hand and , in the other , a colt aim at Morris 's forehead . 33 . warm be you look for this ? get back ... get back ! he point to Morris and close the door behind he . warm what 's the matter ? be you not go to say '' listen Hermann I can explain '' ? huh ? warm throw the handcuff on the floor . warm pick that up , face that way , put it on you leave hand . Morris obey . the handcuff close around he wrist . warm let I see you hand ... good , now the other one . Morris put he hand behind he back . just as warm be about to cuff he , he pull out he leave hand , spin around and punch he in the face . warm go fly backwards . the colt fall to the floor . Morris grab it . when warm try to get up , Morris pistol - whip he . 48a int jacksonville HOTEL morris 's room night : night have fall . warm be sit bound and gag on a chair . Morris be lie on the bed with he gun at he side . blood roll down warm 's head . he moan . he moan harder . Morris understand and get up . morris ( point to the gag ) if I take it off , will you keep quiet ? warm nod . Morris remove the gag . warm breathes . he look dismay . warm be we wait for you friend ? no answer . 34 . warm how could you be so two - face ? what teach you such duplicity ? be it greed ? I have not notice that in you ... I really have not . morris you keep quiet or I 'il put this back in . warm you think they 's 11l kill I ? they will not kill I ... not right away . a beat . he look at Morris . warm what do you think you commodore want ? he 's the one who try to rob I in Oregon City . he 's after my formula , my invention . morris so what ? warm so you friend ... you friend be on they way here to torture I . to torture I , do you know that ? Morris do not know that . warm they 'il cut off my finger , burn my foot , gouge out my eye ... they 'il torture I till I talk . warm Morris , can I ask you something ? ... be you gonna watch ? ... be you gonna write it down in you book of adventure ? Morris look at he now . morris warm ... I ... he search for the word , but cannot find they . warm it 's this world ... it 's a abomination . 35 . warm 's face be now turn toward the window . he do not add anything . morris ( off ) he stop talk , do not say another word . he watch the sun rise through the window . 48b int jacksonville HOTEL morris 's room dawn : the sun be up . warm he waking up . he notice he hand be free , the handcuffs be go . he get up and walk closer to Morris who 's sleep on the bed . he push he gently . Morris wake up with a start , gun in he hand . he see warm stand before he and lower he gun . Morris slowly emerge . they look at each other for a moment , then , as he straighten up : morris let 's go . warm you do not think you be make a mistake ? 49 ext countryside before jacksonville day : Charlie on nimble , at breakneck speed . eli and Tub behind . Tub be gallop with he damage head down at he side , as if drown . 50 ext hill over jacksonville day : a hilltop . a town below . eli look down at the town . sitting behind he , Charlie have laid out a rag . he be clean and prepare he weapon assiduously . eli how do we go about this warm ? charlie like we usually do . 36 . eli well usually there 's no Morris charlie Morris hand over warm . we go some place quiet and finish the job . you do ? eli nod . Charlie stand up and gather he effect . 51a ext jacksonville day : we recognize Main Street jacksonville and Smith 's hotel ... where warm and Morris stay . eli and Charlie approach the hotel . charlie you go round back . 51b ext jacksonville day eli get off he horse and look around behind the hotel : window , gallery , roof ... all of a sudden , a noise : someone be try to open a upstairs window . eli take out he gun . he be about to shoot when Charlie 's head pop out ... eli Christ , Charlie , I almost shot ! eli unlock he gun . Charlie pop he head back out . charlie they be not here ! eli where be they ? charlie they leave , four day ago ! Morris leave a note . shit! 52 int SALOON jacksonville day : they be in a saloon amid other customer . they both drink while Charlie read Morris ’letter out loud : 37 . eli : '' dear gentleman , I be sorry to inform you that Hermann Kermit warm have make a precipitate departure . he must have hop a wagon train and leave town . I be go after he as of today . good luck . sincerely . John Morris '' charlie '' Hermann Kermit warm have make a precipitate departure '' ?!? who the fuck be he kid ? who the fuck be this pretentious asshole kid ?!? he grab the letter and crumple it . he fling it to the floor and trample it . eli what now ? Charlie finish he glass and pour himself another . charlie we keep on . we say between jacksonville and mayfield , and we be only in jacksonville . and God damn it , the job be not '' jacksonville '' or '' mayfield '' , the job be to kill warm ! eli ( point to the barman ) say it louder , I do not think he hear . charlie ( softer ) wherever the fuck warm be , mayfield or wherever , we go there and get it over with ! eli when will we be back home ? charlie once we be do with the job , eli . eli pick up the letter and uncrumple it . eli I get the feel they be farther and farther ahead of we . how long be we in that forest ? 38 . charlie you spell and illness have not save we any time , that 's for sure . eli what do you mean , that it 's my fault ? charlie yeah , a little . be not it ? eli you want to talk about you constant drunkenness ? do not it cost we any time ? Charlie finish he glass , slam a coin on the bar and leave . eli day when you can not even sit up in the saddle straight ?? the other morning when you puke on yourself ?... my spell ! my ass ! eli follow he out . 53 ext before mayfield : warm and Morris ride side by side , speak like friend . warm what we need to do be to put a end to all this barbarity . put a end to all this violence , find a solution for it . by invent a new society . a society ... 54 ext camp warm / morris 2 night : warm and Morris each sit to one side of the fire . warm «+. where the relationship among man be govern by respect and the absence of profit . thus a society without greed . do you agree ? 39 . morris what 's it have to do with you formula ? you be look for gold too , like everyone else . warm for I the gold be just a step - stone . John I be serious . to find a new society . one , one that will consecrate itself not to profit or gold , but its , its spiritual development , its own subsistence , nothing more , the education of its child ... morris and where do you intend to create this society ? warm Dallas , northern Texas . there be already many people wait there . more be on the way from Europe . warm take a sip . Morris remain silent . Troubled . a beat . warm well I can see I have lose you ... John ? morris one evening , you tell I about you father that you leave he because there be no place for you . as for I all I can say be that I leave my family out of hatred and that my father be the person I despise most in this world I ... despise everything about he . I sincerely think I have be freed of all that until tonight , listen to you , what do I realize ? that most of the thing that I think I have be do , this past year , freely , the opinion that I think I have of my own volition , be in fact dictate by my hatred towards that man . 40 . morris I be 35 year old and my life be like a empty cylinder . Black . 55 ext relay station 3 day : further south , in a relay station . Morris be write a letter . morris ( off ) '' my dear solicitor , my dear friend , after much think , I have change my mind about the measure concern my finances related to you in my last letter . I accept my father 's inheritance and ask you to wire 3,000 dollar to the Project Bank in San Francisco . finally , I will not be in Washington until next year . I send you my friendship and I shake you hand . your , John Morris . '' John Morris join warm , sit on the ground , draw in one of he notebook . Morris look at he for a moment . he hand he the notebook , we can see a intricate draw mixing the letter W and M. warm it 's we . W & m , warm and Morris . we company 's insignia . what do you think ? he smile and hand he back the notebook . morris I like it . 56 ext mayfield MAIN STREET evening : title : mayfield , california . the brother walk through mayfield . the town be just as drab and muddy . on either side of Main Street , family wander among tent and wagon . all the sign bear the name mayfield : mayfield supplies , mayfield General store , mayfield gold ... 41 . eli you think this man come here because it 's call mayfield or they start call that once he get there ? charlie maybe it all belong to he . eli they sure like that name . Charlie head for the saloon . eli follow as best he can . 57 int SALOON mayfield sunset : the saloon be crowded . the sister be at the bar . the bartender come . Charlie go to speak to he , but suddenly feel exhaust and give up . eli ( to the barman ) hello , we be look for a man name warm . short , dark skinned ... we think he pass through here a few day ago . bartender I can not help you , mister . he start to leave but Charlie grab onto he sleeve . charlie no ? what about a tall brown haire man of forty ... bartender I do not know , mister . I do not get mix up in it charlie '' oh you do not get mix up in it do you ? '' give we some whiskey . bartender normal or mayfield 's ? charlie normal . bottle , two glass . mayfield you be look for someone ? 42 . a deep voice . Charlie turn to face mayfield , a middle - age woman with a magnetic gaze and a tough look on she face . mayfield because usually I be the one people ask for news in this town . charlie and who be you ? mayfield mayfield . Charlie turn around to he brother . charlie ah ! the great man himself ! behind they , the bartender put the bottle down and pour they drink . charlie my brother and I be look for a man name Hermann warm . short , dark skinned ? probably pass through fiveor six day ago ? mayfield warm ?... no , I do not recall . Charlie finish he glass , make a noise with he tongue . from the one shot , he be already feel happier . mayfield be this man a friend of yours ? eli start to answer but Charlie beat he to it . charlie he run out on a debt to we employer , the commodore , in Oregon City . Charlie watch for a effect . and the woman have tense to hear the commodore 's name . charlie we be the sister brother . and to he satisfaction , mayfield be duly unsettle . eli , on the other hand , be put off by this braggadocio . 43 . mayfield good to meet you man . you plan on stay long ? eli stare at he tooth , chomping at he cigar . Charlie turn around and look at the clientele . a group of girl be come down a staircase . his shoulder straighten up . charlie well that depend ... eli ( sternly ) we will be leave first thing . Charlie drain he glass . his eye be glaze from booze . 58 int HOTEL staircase evening : the hotel be dilapidate , the staircase narrow . eli and Charlie carry they bag up . eli why the hell you keep tell everyone you life story ? the commodore , the sister brother ... charlie do not you see how honore that woman be to put we up ? and besides , I like to know if we reputation have precede we . unlike you , brother , I be proud of what I do . eli sigh . charlie what do that mean ? eli it mean it 's go to be the same as usual : you will drink like a fish tonight and be sick as a dog tomorrow ... charlie you be forget something : I be go to fuck like a rabbit ! eli another day up we ass . 44 , Charlie run Charlie run up the stair . we hear woman 's laughter . charlie ( 0.s. ) do not pay attention to he , he 's crabby , he 's old ! 59 int SALOON mayfield night Charlie sit at a table , drink . he have a cheap whore on he lap , and he hand under another one 's skirt . she giggle into he shoulder . eli be at the bar , embarrassed . he look away . mayfield be a bit farther off , in discussion with a group of trapper . behind they , eli notice a girl by the piano . they exchange glance . mayfield wave to the barman , who bring another bottle . she come over and start to pour Charlie a drink . eli 's hand stop she . eli he can pour he own liquor . mayfield sure thing ! charlie hey look who 's awake ? look at that . Big knife with the big boy . where be you go ?! hey have you notice how many raccoon there be in this town ? like dead raccoon ? it 's a shitty town to be a raccoon in ! mayfield put the bottle back down . eli go over to the girl near the piano . she force a smile . he whisper into she ear . eli how much just to talk ? 60 int room mayfield night : they be sit on the bed in a narrow room . Far apart . hand in they lap . a moment of embarrassment . 45 . eli we can act like you be give I this shawl and you consider it a valuable object . you understand ? with a kind word . she take the shawl and try to think of something to say . she smile . woman here . eli give it back , frustrated . eli no . with a kind , huh .... woman what ... I do not know what ... eli simple word : '' I think it might get cold ...» woman I think ... eli I be leave and you be give I this . woman I ... I think it might get cold ... he encourage she to improvise but she just repeat what he say , hand he the shawl . woman this shawl ... eli '' , .. be a little piece of I that 's travel with you . '' woman this shawl be a little piece of I ... eli ( frustrated ) you have to ... with you eye , you have to look at it ! like it mean something . 46 . the woman obey , and speak softly . woman this shawl be like a little part of I be travel with you ... I puta drop of my perfume on it . eli ( softer ) good . now , can I steal a kiss from you ? she close she eye to get kiss . woman yes . eli no , you say that . eli 's lip touch hers . she take he hand and suddenly turn away . eli be you not well ? no answer . he see a tear roll down she cheek . eli do I hurt you ? woman no , not at all ... you be just very kind and gentle , and I be not use to it . please let I go . eli but ... I 'il pay . he grab onto she arm . woman I need to go , please . she run to the door , start to open it , turn back around . woman be careful . eli about what ? the woman mouth something , point down . eli read she lip : '' may-field ! '' 47 . 61 int HOTEL SALOON mayfield night : eli have gather they belonging . he walk around the gallery of the saloon , hugging the wall . down below , in a dark corner , he see mayfield speak with a group of suspicious - look trapper . he climb the stair , pass by some whore in a hallway . he push open a door , then another . he see man on top of woman , woman straddle man . eli Charlie ..? Charlie ...? another door ... eli find Charlie slump on a sofa , in a narrow red cabinet from which a half - dress whore exit quickly . Charlie , almost pass - out , be slump on a sofa . eli there you be ! Charlie . Charlie ! you have to wake up . they be come . you get up ! charlie I do not want to . eli you get up ! Mom say , get up ! get up ! charlie ok ... eli put you boot on . come on . hey , Charlie , Charlie . can you shoot , can you shoot ? eli put Charlie 's boot on . Charlie 's head wobble , with a stupid grin . charlie I be not at my best ... 62 int mayfield stable night eli do not you puke on I . the brother reach the stable . Charlie finish get dress as best he can , while ready the horse as quick as he can . when a voice surprise they : head trapper get ready to leave mayfield ? eli stop dead . the four trapper be there . 48 . eli eli look at Charlie , hang over , he head burrow in he horse 's mane . he turn to the trapper : eli alright . let 's just calm down . we have money . just tell we what mayfield be pay you . head trapper I do not think you be go to live long enough to find that out . charlie it 's funny that there 's so many few word to describe thing here in mayfield . Charlie , who be out of it till now , slowly let go of nimble and seem to wake up . charlie mayfield 's whiskey and mayfield 's hotel , mayfield 's Fucking mayfield ... eli please let I handle this . look ... charlie mayfield 's racoon , mayfield 's horse ... eli be worried to see Charlie wobble . eli why do not you just tell we how much you want ? charlie no , eli , it 's not about money ... it 's about reputation . ( more ) 49 , charlie ( cont 'd ) be the guy that kill the sister brother . eli see that something have change in he brother 's eye . he feel reassure . head trapper you shut up now . charlie Prestige . Charlie throw up . a beat . the trapper look at he in disgust . and in a flash , the brother draw simultaneously . they cylinder spin , they barrel spit fire , flame light up the barn ... Three trapper go fly into the hay ... the fourth run out of the barn and try to escape ... Charlie whistle to eli , who toss he another gun , without even glance at he ... Charlie catch it and , at the same time , aim and fire . 63 int mayfield 's office night : mayfield speak expressionlessly . a rivulet of blood run down from she forehead and drip off the tip of she nose . mayfield ... warm say he need a investor for some prospect scheme . I could not make head or tail of he story . I think he be a clown , but when I see Morris , I think ... if the commodore 's interested , it might be worthwhile . charlie do Morris leave a letter for we ? mayfield no . he be just travel with warm . charlie really ? and why do you want to kill we ? 50 . mayfield hesitates . Charlie raise the butt of he revolver . charlie I will repeat that , then I 'il strike . mayfield when I realize warm have something of value , I send some guy after they to bring he back . eli so now there 's more man on warm 's tail ? mayfield yes . Charlie raise the butt of he revolver . charlie all right , mayfield , you be not go to like what come next , but it 's the price to pay when you mess for mess with we buisness . open you safe . mayfield 's face freeze . she slowly shake she head . mayfield no. never . CUT to : 64 int . mayfield 's office night : later . Charlie be empty a safe : bill , piece of gold , pouch of gold dust . the office have be turn upside down . mayfield 's body lie in the middle , in a puddle of blood . 65 int / ext mayfield SALOON night : load down with they plunder , they see half the town outside , awoken by the gunfight . a group of poor people , some in nightclothes . 51 . charlie ( softly ) think we should say something to they ? the silent crowd separate to let they through . Charlie look at the curious townspeople , then up at eli . eli after a series of dramatic event that she only have herself to blame for ... mayfield be dead ! charlie no , not like that . do not you have anything more positive ? Charlie mount nimble . charlie my brother and I have some good news for you people ! you can change the name of you fuck town ! they spur they horse and gallop away . behind they , a crowd of famish people invade the saloon . 66a ext loot forest dawn : they saddlebags , knapsack and pocket be stuff with the bill , coin and gold dust . the horse gallop . 66b ext loot forest day fifty yard off the trail , on a hillside , the brother finish digging a hole behind tree and rock . eli anyway , now we know one thing for sure . we know Morris have join the enemy . charlie I never like that gentleman , but I must say this be the icing on the cake . 52 . eli warm have that 's so interesting ? the commodore send man after he , mayfield send man after he , and now Morris fall into he . what do he have ? charlie he have a formula . it 's a chemical product . supposedly , you pour it in the river , it light up all the gold , and you just bend down to pick it up . eli you do not believe that stuff Charlie , come on ! we have see we fair share of huckster with miracle product ... charlie yes but the commodore seem to believe in this one . eli why do not you tell I about it before ? charlie I have order not to . in the hole , they put they treasure , wrap in oilskin . eli anything else you be hide from I ? Charlie look embarrassed . charlie the commodore 's order be clear - cut : before we kill warm , we be to extract from he by whatever violent mean necessary the recipe for he formula . eli in lay term : torture he ? charlie more or less . 67 ext loot forest day : 53 . the brother ride side by side , through plain and river . eli how far ahead do you think mayfield 's guy get ? charlie well if they be as stupid as the last guy we kill , I would say we be about even . 68 ext loot forest evening : charlie I like it here . there 's a fortuitous energy . eli what the hell be a '' fortuitous energy '' ? charlie you feel it , dummy ! 69 ext cliff day : the path be climb up through short vegetation . charlie you know what , brother ? I do not think you and I have ever go so far . eli you mean between we , in we conversation ? charlie what be you talk about ? I mean in a straight line . you and I have never go so far in a straight line ! the brother can hear a distant , continuous rumbling . all of a sudden , here be it , wide and endless : the ocean . they put they hand on they hat so they will not fly and gaze at the water . it 's obvious they have never see something like it. 54 . 70a ext pacific beach day : at time , wave come crash on the horse 's hoof . the brother ride through the beach . there 's no one to be see for mile and mile . 70b ext pacific beach evening : there be print on the sand now - man , animal , carriage - , and sometimes a few object people have leave on the way : trunk , furniture , a bed ... 71 _ ext STREET san francisco night : they ride up a street on horseback , into the fray : tent set up in the lane , trapper , chain slave , chinese family sleep in the street . title : san francisco charlie ( eye glitter , almost move ) goddamn , this place be Babylon ! when they look up , they can see three - floor brick house with brightly - light window . eli you know , when we find warm , it will not be worth look for a quiet spot , there be not one in this whole place ! charlie more importantly nobody will care . we can kill anyone we want here . fuck , everyone 's mind be focus on something else . 72 ext STREET san francisco night : elsewhere . they leave they saddle at a stable and continue on foot , they gear propped on they shoulder . in front of they , they suddenly spot a warm and hospitable light , the light of a '' grand hotel '' , the Golden Pearl . 55 . they look inside through a window . like two kid in front of a Christmas window display . 73 int HOTEL golden pearl night : a valet precede they through a upstairs corridor with a kerosene lamp . he point to a door : valet that 's the water - closet in there ... ++. and then another door ... valet ..- that 's the bathroom , with hot water . «.. and yet another door . valet and here be you room . he open the door , enter and begin to turn on the lamp . the room appear : a red velvet bijou , gold tassel , braid pompom , bed in rococo copper ... they have never see anything like it before . 74 int bathroom golden pearl night : Red as a lobster and wrap in a towel , eli have just step out of a hot bath . he look curiously at the dangle chain with a wood knob . he hesitates , pull on it , and to he surprise a torrent of water gush into the toilet bowl . eli Charlie , come and look at this ! he walk out . 75a int golden pearl restaurant night : a restaurant in the same style as the room : european overkill . the two brother have no clue how to behave , or what to do with all the silverware set before they . 75b int golden pearl restaurant night : 56 . eli and Charlie be eat and drink . especially Charlie . charlie a bit of comfort in uncertain time . eli nod . a beat. eli you know I be think ... we could just go back to Oregon City and say we could not find they . charlie and tell what to the commodore ? eli the truth : Morris run off with warm . destination unknown . can not be expect to find they without a single clue to guide we . and ... ( lower ) we do not even know if mayfield 's man have already find they ... charlie ok , what be you get at , brother ? eli lower he voice and start in : eli between what we make in mayfield , what we have at home and the rest , we have enough to ditch the commodore for good . charlie and why would we do that ? eli do not you ever think of stop ? charlie and do what ? eli I do not know ( he hesitates ) we could open a store together . 57 . charlie what store ? eli look , we have have a good long run , we be still alive , we have a bit of we youth leave . it 's a chance to get out . Charlie turn beet-re . alcohol mix with pent - up anger . charlie a store ? a way out ? Fucking nonsense ! what be this bullshit ? he be about to knock over the table or slap eli who stare at he without back down . charlie ... well , we have establish that you want to quit , so quit ! Charlie finish he glass and take a deep breath . he start eat again . after a beat : eli meaning what ? that if I stop , you have continue ? charlie of course I have continue . I would just need a new partner . rex ask for work in the past ... eli rex ? rex be just a talk dog . charlie he be obedient like a dog . I could ask sanchez . eli be stunne . eli sanchez ...? you would really trust sanchez and that idiot rex to protect you ? Charlie look he eye to eye . 58 . charlie because you protect I ? be that what you have to tell yourself to stay '' nice guy eli '' ? but we be the sister brother . the sister brother , eli you and I ! Charlie straighten up and start search he pocket for money . charlie you have make you decision , and it 's fine by I . it will be welcome news to he commodore also . we will finish this job , then part way . he throw a few bill on the table . move , eli pay no attention and continue . eli why do you say it like that ? " we will part way " ? charlie how do you want I to say it ? if I stay with the commodore and you open you store ... eli so you be say we will not see each other any more ? charlie yes , when I come into town . whenever I need a shirt , or some underthings ... eli watch Charlie light a cigar and stand up as if nothing be the matter . eli do you need to speak to I so rudely ? to choose that word ? to keep the level of the conversation so low . be it because you be drunk ? Charlie look at he brother and slap he . instinctively , eli 's hand grip the butt of he revolver . customer around they freeze and watch Charlie put on he hat and leave the restaurant with the face and gait of a drunken man . 59 . 76 int golden pearl HOTEL room night : fully clothed , eli be lie on the bed in the dark , gaudy room . he stare at the shadow from the street play out the red velvet wall and the ceiling . Charlie 's bag and clothes be still sit on he bed . eli stand up and start pack . 77_int stable day : eli be about to mount Tub when : charlie ( off ) hey , brother ! he turn around . Charlie be all rosy and dapper . charlie what be you do here ? eli be speechless . Charlie continue , matter - of -factly . charlie I have get some great fuck news , brother . I know where they be ! what do you say to that ? eli look at he without answer . charlie do you hear I ? eli yes. charlie you do not even care ? what 's wrong with you ? eli do not you remember what happen last night ? charlie yes . and ? eli do not you remember that you hit I ? Charlie pretend to try to remember . eli stop pretend and spare I the '' I do not remember '' routine . you hit I in public Charlie , so as sure as you be look at I right now , I be leave . Charlie grab Tub 's bridle . charlie all right , what do you want ? this be about slapping each other , be not it ? I slap you , you slap I back and we be even . so go on , hit I . hit I , I say . 60 . before he can even give eli he cheek , he receive a stun that send he fly backwards . charlie Jesus fuck Christ ! be you out of you goddamn mind ? I give you a slap , and you whack I with a fuck shovel ! eli see ? you do remember ! Charlie get back up , rub he cheek . charlie ( face camera ) this morning I wake up in a whorehouse and figure I might as well stop by the claim office . so I go and ask if a certain herman kermitt warm have recently stake a claim . nothing ! I be about to give up , when boom , it hit I . I ask if there be anything in the name of John Morris ... and there : american River , folson Lake ... bingo ! now we know where they be head . 78 ext american river day : cu : a crude map of american River . eli hold the map . he try to find he bearing in the landscape . CUT to : 61 . they ride on . first , a delta ... 78b ext american river prospector trail day : .+. they ride the river upstream ... they pass by man on foot with mule , load down with gear ... 78c ext american river prospector trail day : ... there be now prospector at work on each of the riverbank . Charlie take a pair of binocular , peer at the camp , the face ... eli I would like to see how they go about it . charlie oh another idea for a career change ? first sell shirt , now prospect ? I be gonna go on ahead , you do as you please . 78d ext american river prospector trail day : ... Tub 's eye have turn white and be surround by pus . eli shoos away fly and try to clean the wound . the horse shudder and peel . 79 ext mountain road day : now it 's all uphill . Tub be breathe hard . he drool spit and blood . his eye be now white , pus ooze around it . a horse of the apocalypse . 80 ext mountain day : Charlie call out to a prospector below : charlie folsom Lake ? the prospector point upstream . charlie how far ? 62 . prospector a day ! he ride back to eli . charlie we will be there tomorrow . 81a ext mountain sister camp 5 night : encampment . remains of a fire . under the cover , Charlie be already asleep . eli try to make Tub drink . he encourage he , speak softly . eli come on Tub . eat some grass . oh Tub , I be sorry my friend . Tub 's white eye almost glow in the dark . he take the red shawl from he saddlebags . he carefully fold it into a pillow , breathes in its fragrance and go to bed . he pull up he blanket and begin to masturbate . 81b ext mountain sister camp 5 night warm binocular Pov : the silhouette of the sister brother , sleep next to the fire . warm ( 0.s ) you think it 's they ? morris ( 0.s . ) yes . they get here faster than I think . 81c ext mountain sister camp 5 night : the brother be asleep . the sound of the river below , the horse . another noise . eli open he eye : a silhouette tower over he ... nearby , Charlie straighten up ... the toe of a boot violently knock he flat . Black . a blurry vision . voice of man hear from afar : 63 . warm ( 0.s. ) no !.. no , not like this ! warm join Morris . morris not like what ? warm this be no way to kill people . morris we have to kill they , Hermann ! we kill they , bury they , no one find they . by the time it dawns on the commodore , we will be far go . eli ( 0.s . ) we do not work for the commodore anymore ! warm then what be you do here ? warm and Morris turn around . eli , in a daze , have stand up . eli we ... we do not work for he anymore . 82 ext warm 's encampment day Charlie and eli ground . Charlie contrary to the seem strangely be handcuff , sit together on the have a nasty black and blue mark on he cheek . specifics of they current situation , Charlie happy : charlie and it just come out ?!? eli ~-. yes . charlie you be a genius , eli , a goddamn genius ! how do that pop into you head ? just out of the blue ? he nod , evasively . warm and Morris have set up camp on a wide strip of pebble in the middle of the river . 64 . two tent , some gear , barrel , oilskin tarpaulin protect they supplies . the horse be tie up on the bank . they watch warm and Morris gather the gear they need , load up the animal . Charlie yell at they : charlie hey , Morris , what you gonna do with we ? ask we to run and shoot we like rabbit ? dump we in the forest ? Charlie snigger , Morris barely look back . 83 int morris 's tent day : Morris be sit at a small wood table , study a map . warm walk into the tent , Morris do not turn around . warm what be we go to do about they ? morris we leave they here . they 'il end up kill each other or get eat alive ... I could not care less . we take the horse and the mule , we extract what we can from the river one last time and then we leave here without ever come back . warm and abandon all we gear ? morris we will travel light , ride up to Sacramento , buy more gear , and ride up the river from there . suddenly , from further down the hill : man ( os ) anyone there ? 84 ext warm 's encampment day : man ( 0.s. ) anyone there ? can you hear I ? Morris take a few step forward . 65 . morris yes , what do you want ? another silhouette appear in the background . man 2 ( 0.s. ) we be work the river downstream . we be run out of supplies . you have get any for sale ? warm join Morris . warm they do not look like prospector . morris they be not prospector . man ( 0.s. ) I do not hear you answer . morris ( to the man ) because I do not give one . do not you take one step closer ! ( to warm ) we be go to have to fight , Hermann . be you gun load ? warm yes , I think so . the silhouettes be creep closer . morris well take it out goddammit ! ( to the man ) I tell you not to move and I will not tell you again ! we have nothing to sell . go back to where you come from ! the man come towards they . Morris shoot . the other shoot right back . flame , ricochete bullet . behind they , the brother shield themselves as best they can . charlie hey , what the hell ? do something ! do not leave we here ! a bullet ricochet near warm , who jump away . morris Hermann ! Hermann ? 66 . warm ( reassuringly ) I be okay , I be okay . eli let we help you , warm ! another volley of bullet . charlie give we the key you fuck idiot ! you do not stand a fuck chance , come on ! warm and Morris look at each other . they hesitate . 85 ext warm 's encampment day : the four man be hide behind boulder . the brother check the weapon that have be return to they . charlie you think it 's mayfield 's man ? eli sure look like they . Charlie signal warm and Morris to stop shoot . he stand up , use he hand as a megaphone : charlie hey guy , before thing sour , we have get some news for you : mayfield be dead ! you will never get pay ! do you think this be really worth it ? a beat , as if a discussion be go on over there . then , more gunfire . Charlie make he way to warm and Morris , both busy shoot . charlie ( to Morris and warm ) as long as you can see we , you shoot at they like crazy . we make it to the other side and you can not see we anymore , stop shoot . get it ? agreement . 67 . the brother come out of hide and move along , each to one side of the river . warm and Morris fire . when the brother vanish into the forest , they stop shoot . suddenly , the sound of long 45 caliber flame pierce the day . we hear scream ... then nothing . eli reappear , drag he foot , as if come back from a chore . whena trapper arise from behind a thicket . Morris cock he revolver and shoot in a hurry . the trapper collapse revealing Charlie , he arm outstretch , he gun still smoking . the two man face each other . frozen . and then slowly lower they arm . a moment of unease . 86 ext warm 's encampment night : they sit around the fire in heavy silence . they pass around a jug of liquor . sizing one another up , eyeing one other . eli notice that John Morris be scratch he leg . Hermann warm clear he throat , then : warm if Morris agree to it , this be what I suggest . you two keep half of what you pull from the river , with the remain half go to the company . charlie the company be you and Morris ? warm yes , well , no ... not exactly . the company be we phalanstery project . charlie phalan -what ? morris phalanstery ... warm .-- a community we be founding , in Texas . ( more ) 68 . warm ( cont 'd ) a ideal live space , rule by the law of true democracy and share . charlie whatever you say . warm do something bother you ? charlie that 's you business . warm so we agree : half of what you extract ? charlie Fine with I . eli I too . his eye turn to Morris . warm excellent . Morris ? after a beat . morris do not ask my opinion . I do not agree with what 's go on here . I be still in , of course , but I remain on my guard . charlie why do not you look at I when you say that ? Morris get up . charlie look at I , you son of a bitch ! warm gentlemen ! Morris turn to Charlie . morris I be look at you , Charlie sister . do you want I to tell you what I see ? 69 . warm that 's enough ! eli hold back Charlie . warm please ... the tension decrease . morris I be go to sleep . warm do you leg still hurt ? morris I be all right . goodnight , Hermann . they watch he wander off towards one of the tent . charlie he go to have to change . warm give a resign shrug of the shoulder . warm he do not trust you and you can not blame he . he will change . we all have to . we do not have any other choice . his eye be on they , a clear gaze , frank and disarmingly innocent . he scratch he leg nervously . under the bottom of he pants , the brother make out red skin that be start to blister . warm it 's the formula . it be very caustic in its purest form . I think dilute it would make it harmless , but I be wrong . next time , we will have to grease we skin beforehand ... he get up . charlie have you already prospect ? warm two day ago . 70 . charlie do it work ? warm better than I ever imagine . he walk away . 87 ext warm 's encampment day : early morning . eli wash at the river . a little further off , he see Morris brush he tooth . he wave . Morris barely react . off to one side , Charlie sit on the river bank , watch they from afar . 88 ext mountain forest river bank day : the horse , man and load mule make they way along the mountainside . warm and Morris check the river 's flow . the brother follow , pull the mule . Charlie still wear the trapper 's hat . ahead of they , warm point to the river below . they come closer and discover a spot where the current slow down and the river bed widen . a landscape like before the birth of the world . 89 ext warm 's encampment day : they cut the branch on a tree they just fell . a mule pull a trunk into the middle of the river . bare-chest , the man cut branch and carry rock ... they work up to they waist in water . the dam be start to take shape . warm cross the damme river to gauge its depth . with a knife , he scrape the boulder in certain spot . he examine the sample with a jeweler 's magnify glass . very tight shot : striation in the rock , shimmer of quartz , golden reflection . 71 . 90 ext river bank : the sun be beat down . the man nap in the shade of the tree . just the sound of insect and the river . 91 ext encampment evening : a new camp have be set up below at the foot of one of the riverbank . eli and Charlie finish set up tent when they hear hoofbeat . they look back . warm and Morris arrive with a mule strain under three barrel . the brother watch the convoy pass by : it be obviously the formula . eli see he brother 's eye light up . 92 ext river bank encampment night all four sit around a fire to finish they supper . morris who want to stand guard tonight ? charlie that 's we job , be not it ? 93 ext river bank night : wearing he trapper 's hat , Charlie sit up on a rock that tower over the river . after a while , he hear laughter down in the valley . he straighten up and see the three other drink and laugh , gather around the fire . . charlie what be you do ? morris we can not sleep ! charlie what 's the point of I be on guard , if you all do not go to sleep ? 72 . warm Charlie , why do not you come down and join we ? it ’1ll do you good . eli come on . come on , there 's no point . we be not go to sleep ! 94 ext river bank new encampment dawn : the four of they have they foot in the water . they guzzle booze . they rarely speak , smoking cigarettes and watch the sunrise . 95 ext river dam day : Morris be swim in the translucent river . Charlie sit on the riverbank , mock look on he face . charlie do you really believe in that two - bit ideal society nonsense ? morris what do you want I to say ? charlie I do not know but I say that a guy with a little bit of smart have to realize that it sound like solid gold bullshit . morris why do you think I be here ? charlie like we . for the gold . morris sure , the gold , but what do you do with it ? charlie spend it , obviously ! morris you really think you will have time to ? with all the corpse you have leave behind , the commodore , you famous drunkenness ... ( more ) 73 . morris ( cont 'd ) and if you pocket be full to boot , something tell I you will not be live to a ripe old age . charlie and would you ideal society make a difference ? morris I can not say for you , but for I , yes . Charlie think . charlie or else it 's a scam . a trap for sucker . be that it ?... Morris gesture that he have hear enough . charlie let I tell you something , John Morris : you be one goddamn arrogant asshole . morris let I tell you something , Charlie sister : I could not care less about what you think ... that be to say , if you think . 96 ext camp day : eli go to check the horse . they be all there , except for Tub . a piece of old rope dangle where he have be attach . eli whistle , look everywhere . 97 ext forest tub hole day : he notice some blood on a bush . more , a little further on . then hoof print on the ground ... he reach the edge of a landslide . at the bottom of the ravine , Tub , motionless on he back , hoof up . eli look at he , sadden . 98a ext river bank day : 74 . eli be sit on the riverbank , look at the reflection of the sun in water , at the jump trout . warm ( 0.s. ) what be you do here ? eli turn around to see warm come towards he . eli nothing much . warm I be head up to the dam to see if the water have settle . 98b ext river bank day : they be walk . at the bend , they see the dam where Morris and Charlie be work and talk . warm see that ? eli yeah , I get the impression Charlie be change ... warm you mean he 's not go to try to kill we anymore ? eli it 's a little strange talk about this with you , be not it ? warm it 's better face up to thing . you know , one day I ask Morris how he end up work for aman like the commodore . he say something along the line of ... the desire to break away from he family , to live a adventure . honest enough . how about you ? how do you end up here ? eli smile . warm do my question bother you ? eli no , no , it 's just a long story . Charlie be always violent . when he get into a fight , it usually would end badly . and when you kill a man , you end up with he father , he brother or he friend on you tail , and you have to start all over again . one thing lead to another and I have to help he . he 's my brother . 75 . they walk in silence . at one point , eli make a face . he put he hand to he heart . he be dizzy . warm you all right ? eli shake he head . his hand look for something to against . warm help he . warm must be the heat . we will sit here a moment and it will pass . eli I be sorry ... I lose my horse ... he die , I mean ... Tub be dead ... he be a middle horse , but ... I do not think it to affect I like this ... eli when we be kid , Charlie kill we father . a beat . eli I be the older one . I should have do it . warm do you regret that ? eli yes ...‘ cause after that , Charlie be never the same . lean 76 . 99 ext river camp day : Morning . Charlie sit on a rock , bare - chest . eli be cut he hair . a beat . charlie that be a very pleasant day , do not you think ? charlie you get on well with warm ? eli and you with Morris ? charlie what do you talk about ? eli about we , about the commodore ... about pa . he 's a easy man to talk to . eli tell I , what do you think the commodore will do when he see we be not come back ? charlie he ’1ll send man after we . we ’1ll have to get rid of they . and the one after , and all the other he send on we trail . eli and then ? charlie and then , sooner or later , to put a end to it , we will have to kill the commodore ... eli do a double take . he consider the possibility . eli imagine we manage to kill the commodore . what next ? Charlie do not answer . eli hesitates , then : eli you take he place ? 77 . charlie eli be you take the commodore 's place ? Charlie look at he . eli how long have you be think about it ? Charlie smile , give a small , mysterious shrug of the shoulder . 100a ext river dam night : they cover they leg with grease , they pour the solution into smaller bucket . warm and Morris exchange a look of hope . warm look straight to the lens . the smile on he face be hard to read : a ambiguous mixture of worry and excitement . 100b ext river dam night : in the moonlight , the damme up water look like a black mirror . Charlie and eli be on the riverbank , next to one of the open barrel . Morris be stand on the top of the beaver 's dam with a long branch . warm , also with a branch , be stand on the other side of the river . warm once you have emptied the solution , Morris and I will agitate the water to increase the field of illumination . now once the formula start to activate , grab you bucket and get to work ! not a moment to lose . Charlie and eli lift the barrel and enter the water . they pour out the dense , viscous formula . the odor disgust they . warm and Morris hurry to stir the water with they branch , disperse the solution . Charlie and eli retreat to the riverbank , cough . 78 . they whack they branch on the water even harder , until warm motion they to stop . the brother wait on the bank . still nothing . charlie what 's go on , warm ? warm just wait . the four man stare at the black water , wait . suddenly , a glow , then another , then ... the river light up . the four man rush in with they bucket : warm and Morris under the dam , Charlie and eli on the other side . innumerable tiny gold nugget , now dot of light , as clear as star in the sky . the four man work the river as fast as they can . all we can hear be the clanking of the nugget fall into the bucket . the leafy tree look like a vault of gold overhead . eli stop a moment to watch the three man work . they face be light by the river . they all smile . a breeze play with they hair . eli smile too and go back to work . then the glow die down as quickly as it appear . slowly , the leafy vault darken . eli head back to the bank , cry and cough . he see Charlie bang away at the cover of another barrel . eli what be you do ? charlie we will dump it all in ! warm see he from the other bank . warm leave off ! eli , stop he ! Charlie lift the barrel . he take a few step . he lose he balance and fall . thick liquid pour out of the barrel and trickle onto he right hand , immediately attack he skin . the loose barrel roll down to the river , where the formula spread in viscous filament . 79 . blister appear on Charlie 's forearm . they swell and pop like a toad 's throat . he hold back a shriek of pain . eli Charlie ? behind he , the river shine again in the barrel 's wake . Morris and warm run across the dam . Morris trip . eli see he fall into the water and disappear . he hold he breath . Morris 's face resurface . he scream . eli see warm put down he bucket and immediately dart up : eli no , Hermann , no ! but warm jump in and disappear , like Morris . 101a ext . river dam . night : the water be black . warm resurface , hold up Morris . they cough , spit , gasp for breath . they collapse onto the sand . 101b ext warm 's camp dawn : Day break slowly over a landscape that have lose its color . Dead beaver and fish wash up onto the gravel . on the riverbank , Morris be die . a groan more painful than the other make he turn he head . Morris be look at he . his face be horribly burnt , he lip quiver as if try to speak . Charlie know what he be begging for . he stand up and find a belt with weapon . he grab one as best he can with he left-hand finger that still work . he toss the revolver to Morris , and then kick it closer to he hand . 102a int warm and morris 's tent . day : eli go inside warm 's tent . face ravage by blister . milky eye bulg out . heavy breathe . 80. eli Hermann ? can I do something for you ? warm Morris ? be that you ? eli start to clarify , but ... eli yes , it 's I . warm oh , John ! where do you disappear to ? eli I be get some firewood . warm John , I feel I have know you a long time . I be sorry you die before I . I want to help you . I want to be you friend . eli you be my friend , Hermann . warm retch . his last sigh sound like paper crumpling . as eli inch closer to warm , a gunshot ring out . eli stand straight . 102b ext warm and morris 's tent . day : eli come out of the tent . Charlie look at he . by he side , Morris , dead , hold the revolver against he chest . 103 ext warm and morris 's tent . day : eli pack they bag to leave . he bring the result of the night 's collection : a bucket two - third full of nugget . he manage to fit they treasure into warm and Morris 's horse 's saddlebags . Charlie be too weak and ill . he stay under the cover . 81 . 104 int morris 's tent . day : eli gather Morris ' thing . on a crate by the bed , he discover a hardback notebook with a title on its cover : " adventure diary " . the page be blacken with cramped , regular write . eli feel a presence behind he . he leave the tent . eli ( 0.s. ) I must confess that the very happiest moment of my life have be spend in the wilderness of the far west with the plentiful supply of dry pine log on the fire . I would not ... I would sit cross legge enjoy the genial warmth and watch the blue smoke as it curl upwards . 105a ext mountain . california day : the brother walk down the river . eli ( 0.s . ) scarcely do I ever wish to change such hour of freedom for all the luxury of civilized life . 105b ext mountain . california day : in the steep pass , eli have to tie Charlie to he back . a ordeal . 106 ext canyon crane day : eli hear a scream from behind . Charlie have fall from he horse . eli rush over . 107 ext crane 's town day : there be house at the end of the road . 108a int doctor crane practice / operating room day a black forearm fall to the floor with a thud . eli pick it up and place it in the bucket nearby . 82 . Doctor crane cauterize and bandage the stump . Charlie be still asleep on the operate table . eli look at the stump in the bucket . 108b int doctor crane practice / operating room day : a fly land on Charlie 's mouth . eli chase it away , wipe he brother 's brow . eli sit back down . behind he , the doctor be wash he hand . noise in the vestibule . the doctor 's little girl have come home . Father and daughter speak in hushed tone . then father and little girl enter the room . Doctor crane look worried . crane Sir , there be man ask about you . eli what man ? crane in the street . Three of they . eli lift the curtain and look across the street . there be a silhouette in front of the saloon / general store . the guy be not try to hide . he nod , swagger . he look like a killer . eli cautiously open the door a chink . eli rex , shit ! rex eli ? eli yes ! rex be it true that Charlie be out of the game ? eli what do you want ? 83. rex me? nothing . the commodore send I . it 's be a while since you leave and he 's grow impatient . eli peer into the street and see two other silhouettes behind he . when he look back , he see Charlie on the table . eli ( to the doctor ) be there a back door ? crane yes . eli go , go , go , go , go ! Charlie , Charlie get up ! we have to go . eli be about to lift Charlie to carry he . Charlie open he eye and use he good arm to grasp eli 's collar . eli do not understand . Charlie hang on . stare into he eye , without let up . his stare be tantamount to a order . he shake he head in a irrevocable '' no '' . eli put he back down . Charlie 's eye remain glue to he . rex ( 0.s. ) do I have to come in and get you ? eli no , I be come out ! rex first you toss you gun , then come out with you hand up ! eli go to look for Charlie 's colt . he slip they into the back of he pants and undoe he belt . 109 ext STREET day : he open the door , toss he belt and raise he hand . rex good . come on out and talk ! see from behind , the butt of Charlie 's colt stick up in he pants . 84 . 110 int doctor crane practice / operating room day : Charlie lie on the operate table . his eye be open . he hear voice . when the first gun go off , he stump go to draw . bullet shatter a window pane . the doctor and he daughter crouch . 111 ext crane town STREET day : two man lie sprawle across the street . one of they scream in pain . eli step over and shoot he in the head . the third man crawl to take shelter . rex . eli walk toward he , crush he back with he boot . eli be there other behind you ? before rex answer , eli fire . 112 ext forest mayfield day : the brother gallop on rex 's horse , new boot and spur on they foot . 113 ext forest mayfield day : they try to find they bury treasure . but the mountain have shift and the spot be unrecognizable . Charlie finally find the fork in the tree and try to line up with it . all he can see be the dishevel fir tree , like a box of match spill on a table . eli come on , let 's go . Charlie look around . distraught . 114 ext rocky landscape evening : the sound of a cavalcade approach . a group of horseman gallop by . Hidden by the rock , eli watch they ride by . when he can no longer hear they , he come out of he hide place , pull he horse by he tether . 85 . Charlie lean over the horse 's neck to grab the rein with he good hand . he put the rein in he leave hand , spur the horse and pass in front . eli follow he . 115 ext landscape gunfight night : darkness . flashes of light and mute gunfire in the distance . we move in slowly . CUT to . shelter behind the trunk of fell tree , eli shoot into the shadow . the shadow shoot back . crouched next to he , Charlie reload gun as best he can with a bad hand . eli the horse ! get the horse to safety ! Charlie make the horse lie down and lie down alongside they . Charlie 's face against the horse 's side . he close he eye . for the first time , he be afraid . fade to ... 116a ext prairie day : a wide , flat landscape . on one end , the two brother gallop , follow on the other end by four man who start shoot at they . in the distance , gunshot and smoke . fade to ... 116b ext prairie day : two man lie on the ground , dead . one of they have he foot still catch in he horse 's stirrup . Charlie search they body , grab they weapon and ammo , and hand they to eli who 's still on he horse . fade to ... 86 . 116c ext prairie day : galloping again . the horse 's immaculate white coat . fade to ... 117 ext rocky landscape night : they have build a fire . Charlie cry . eli change he brother bandage wrap up around bloody stump . woe oe as he stand guard and finish eat , eli discreetly watch he . charlie rex and sanchez , and that other guy we do not even know ... you really think it 's a good idea to go back up north ? eli well you know very well why be go north . and you know what we still have leave to do . charlie I lose the hand that I work with . you will be on you own on this . Charlie let go of the powder flask . eli want to help immediately , but stay where he be . Charlie have see that and keep try . eli can not look at he brother struggle with the gun . charlie be you ashamed of I ? Charlie 's eye well with tear . eli do you mean what you say ? charlie everything have fuck change so much . 87 . eli no , nothing have change . you be my little brother and I love you . eli empty he pan in the fire . it sizzle and smoke . eli in a week , we will be in Oregon City , and I nil kill the commodore . Charlie be lie asleep near the ember . eli stand guard . he hear he brother 's sob get lose in the stillness of the night . 118 : ext . landscape day : the sun be beat down . the two brother be riding slowly . at one point , eli stop , around : empty landscape as the eye can see . eli hey , have you notice how long it 's be since anyone 's try to kill we ? charlie I do not know ... three , four day ? eli do not you find that strange ? Charlie turn around now . he also find it strange . 119 : int / ext barn oregon CITY day . final rehearsal . Charlie repeat one last time . charlie you walk in the front door . take the staircase on the right , go up make a leave , the office be on the second door on the leave . eli how many guy be up there with he usually ? 88. charlie usually there 's a guy sit right outside the office . and one in the room further down . they load they gun . 120 ext commodore 's mansion oregon CITY - day : with he remain hand , still damage , Charlie slip a gun in he belt . the brother enter the town , which be strangely desert . they walk up the street . in the distance , a black cloth have be striate around the large door of the commodore 's mansion . people scurry about underneath , as if wait for something . 121 int . commodore 's mansion oregon CITY - day : the sister brother be stand side by side in a wood - panele parlor . eli take off he hat . Charlie follow suit . behind they , townsfolk dress in black , sit on two row of bench . in front of they : a open coffin . Inside , the commodore 's corpse , lie on ice . a undertaker be stand nearby , wait to hammer the lid on . charlie ( softly ) fuck ! you must be disappointed . a beat . eli yeah , kinda . man : Sir ? I think no one else may be come . May we close the casket ? eli sure. 89 . they put on they hat and start to leave . eli hold on . eli turn around , step back to the coffin , gun in hand , and bring it slamm down on the dead man 's face . a unpleasant crack sound . Ice cube bounce on the wood floor . General astonishment . eli raise he hand to calm everyone down . eli just make sure . then they leave . 122 ext oregon CITY day : they gallop out of town and up to the plain . the evening fall . they conversation continue , indistinct in the distance . 123 ext sister farm day : the sun be about to rise . at a bend in the road , a modest farm appear : barn , stable , farmyard , fence in vegetable patch . as eli and Charlie head up the slope , a woman appear in the doorway . mother hey , if you come any closer I will shoot you ! eli it 's we ma '. charlie it 's you son , it 's Charlie and eli! mother my son ? oh my god , well why , why do you come , why do you come back ? 90 . eli to see you ma '. mother if you come here to hide or to run away from something you just turn around , I do not wanna see ya ! eli no we be tired ma’ . we just want to come home . charlie we just come here to see you . I swear . eli please ? 124 int sister farm / bedroom day eli watch he mother 's old hand stroking Charlie 's face . they speak , but he do not hear what they be say . he walk around the house , he eye linger on the wall , he find the a measure rod , mark with name and number : Charlie , a date , a height , eli , a date , a height . he push open the door to they bedroom . they bed be there , one on each side of the room . behind he , he hear the voice of Charlie and they mother . eli sit down , pull off he boot , lie down on the bed , soothed by they voice . he stare at the piece of cloth over the window , gently billow in the breeze . lull by its back and forth , he eyelid grow heavy . his foot be twenty inch too long for the bed . on the floor , through the curtain 's sway , the break light of day . the end .