the cable guy by judd apatow base on a screenplay by Lou holtz Jr. shoot script October 31 , 1995 ( White ) revise page November 13 , 1995 ( Blue ) revise page November 14 , 1995 ( pink ) 1 full frame - white noise credit begin . the entire frame be fill with white noise within which one can make out thefaint image of a television program . every few moment the channel change , revealing a new ghostly image . the camera pull back very slowly . we reveal that this image be come from a twenty seven inch television . the camera pull back some more and we see a man 's hand enter frame hold a remote control . the hand change channel frantically . the camera pull back into its final position and we see steven bartowsky , thirty year old , sit on he couch . he be try to find a channel with viewable reception . unfortunately for he '' he cable be not hook up . steve ( look at watch ) Jesus , where 's the cable guy already ? end of credit sequence 1a int . steven' apartment - continuous it be a stylish old apartment . there be half unpack box strewn about the floor . Steven have just move in . the phone ring . steven ( into the phone ) hello . 2 newsroom - continuous we see Steven 's best friend rick stand in the middle of a busy newsroom . he be a rough look , cynical local news cameraman . in the background , hang from the ceiling be a television set . on the tv - a anchorman sit at he desk fix he hair as he wait to go on the air . a graphic on the screen say " Sam sweet Trial update . " rick how 's the move go ? 3 int . steven' apartment - continuous Steven unpack as they speak . the phone call intercut between the two location . steven horrible . the cable guy be miss in action . apparently he 's go to be here sometime between eight am and my death . rick you have not call Robin have you ? please tell I you do not call she . steven ( sarcastically ) no , I be give she space . ( beat ) I can not believe she 's do this . rick you never should have ask she to marry you . you be the mad smotherer . steven all she have to do be say no . she do not have to kick I out . I feel like Felix unger . rick you force she to evaluate the relationship . if you do not propose she would never have realize how unhappy she be . steve I do not want to talk about it . so what time be you go to come by ? rick I can not . I be work double shift the rest of the week . steven it 's my first night here . do not do this to I . rick the other camera guy pull out he back . besides , I spend the last two week with you on my couch . be not that enough ? steven Fine , fine . rick one piece of advice . slip the cable guy fifty buck , he will give you all the movie channel for free . even the dirty one . steven I could not . I be not good at that stuff . what if he say no ? I will feel like a idiot . rick none of they say no , believe I . I will talk to you later . Steven hang up , and wait . dissolve to : 4 int . steven' live room - later Steven continue unpack . he be very neat . he open a box and find a picture of he with he ex-girlfriend . he look at one sadly , consider whether or not to put it on display . he put it back in the box . 4a ext . steven' apartment build - day establish shot of a renovate apartment building build in the nineteen twenty . a move truck pull into a gated side garage . 5 int . steven' apartment - later mover deliver a small breakfast table and chair . Steven direct they as to where to put they . close up of clock - 3:52 p.m. 6 int . steven' apartment - later Steven put a few foot of tin foil on he antenna to help the reception . he change channel . still nothing . he pull it off frustrated . 7 int . steven' live room - later many of the box be go . Steven lie on the couch , stare at the ceiling , fidget . he be unable to fill he day without cable . steven where the hell be he ? 8 int . steven' apartment - later Steven pace back and forth across the room . he stare at he watch frequently . close up of clock - 5:12 p.m. 9 int . steven' apartment - later Steven slowly eat a sandwich in he empty kitchen . he look at the clock . it say five - thirty . he pick up the phone and dial . a machine pick up . robin ( vo ) hi , this be Robin . leave a message . if you be try to reach Steven he can now be reach at 555-3837 . Steven hang up . 10 int . steven' apartment - sunset Steven do sit up . he look at the clock . close up of the clock - 6:48 p.m. steven ( to himself ) forget it . idiot . he get up , and walk into the bathroom . 11 int . bathroom - moment later Steven get undress . he turn on the shower , adjust the heat , then get in . he try to lose he tension by let the hot water engulf he . he take some shampoo , and lather up he hair . the doorbell ring steven ( annoyed ) oh great . the doorbell ring several time Steven jump out of the shower , soaking wet , throw on a bathrobe and run to the door . steven do not leave ! I be here ! I be here ! 12 int . steven' live room - continuous Steven run to the door . cable guy ( os ) hello ! cable guy ! Steven reach the door , and look through the peep-hole . p.o.v. through the peephole the cable guy be walk away . int . steven' live room / hallway - day Steven open the door and yell to the cable guy . ( revise 11/14/95 - pink ) steven hey , wait ! the cable guy turn back . cable guy well , look who decide to show up . I be just gonna go collect my retirement pension . the cable guy wear a clean white jump suit , and be extremely confident despite the fact that he speak with a slight lisp . this lisp give he a child - like quality . steven you be suppose to be here four hour ago . cable guy be I ? so I be the tardy one . good to know . steven yes . I have to go to the bed and bath place , but now it 's close . cable guy ( turn to leave ) maybe I should not have come at all '' jerk off ! ( turn back smile ) I be just joke . let 's do this . ( look around ) oh , the old mcnair place . I never think they would get the floor clean after what happen here . steven what happen ? cable guy ( long beat ) they have a lot of cat . they walk into Steven 's live room . cable guy hey , this could be a cool pad . here be a comment card . he pull out a card , and hand it to Steven without turn back to look at he . cable guy please mail it in when I be do . steven this go to you boss ? cable guy no , they go to I . I be a perfectioniss perfectioniss ( he strain to lose he lisp ) perfectioniss to now let 's take a look at what we be deal with . the cable guy walk around the room with he hand out , sense the space . cable guy come on baby . come on baby . talk to I baby . tell I where you like it . that 's it baby . he zone in on one wall . he fell the wall in a sensuous manner . cable guy here 's you sweet spot . he pull out he drill , and begin drilling . cable guy so you lady kick you out . steven what ? cable guy in prepare you service I notice you be previously wire across town at 1268 and a half chestnut . last week the billing be transfer to one Robin Harris . smell like heartbreak to I . steven I really do not want to talk about it with you . could you please just install my cable ? I be go to get dress . cable guy no sweat . Steven walk away , into the hallway . a moment later the cable guy run to he . cable guy hey , I be go to go to the hallway so I can access the floorboard . do not be spook if you hear someone crawl underneath you . steven okay , whatever . Steven walk toward he bedroom . cable guy put on you bathing suit ' cause you will be channel surfing in no time . the cable guy pull the trigger on he drill twice to punctuate he joke . 13 int . - steven' live room - later close up - the television rikki klieman from court tv broadcast from they studio . rikki klieman ( to camera ) so end day fifty - four of the trial of former child star Sam sweet who have be accuse of shoot he twin brother , Stan , in cold blood . the twin be star of the hit sitcom " double trouble " which aire from nineteen seventy - seven till nineteen eighty - four . a video package roll in - we see several photograph of Sam sweet and he twin brother at various age . include be the cast photo of " double trouble . " picture in the photo be eight - year - old Stan and Sam and conrad Janis as they single dad . we see a brief clip from " double trouble , " star the two eight - year - old boy , then a shot of Sam sweet be take out of a police car in handcuffs . rikki klieman ( to camera ) life be not so sweet after the cancellation of they program . Hollywood chew they up and spit they out . a frustrated Sam turn to petty larceny , while he more impressionable brother , Stan , fall in with a fringe cult call " the Brotherhood of Friends . " reduced to tabloid fodder a fury be grow inside of Sam . a burn need to be recognize as a individual , not a person famous for have a identical twin . a need that take the form of four shotgun blast on the night of November fourteenth . and so today he attorney continue the unusual defense of " twin envy . " angle on Steven re-enter the room . the cable guy be watch television . steven how 's it go ? the cable guy hold up one finger as if to say " quiet . " his eye never leave the tv . cable guy guilty , guilty , guilt - freakin -tee . I hope they fry this bastard . Steven see that the cable guy have completely redecorate the room in a fashion which make the room impractical for anything other than watch television . the tv be now on the stair block the entrance into the live room . all furniture face the tv , make conversation impossible . steven ( look around ) what happen ? cable guy ( jump to he foot ) the arrangement of you major appliance and you furniture be cause some noisy pic and hum bar in you reception . I move a few thing . clear it right up . be that cool ? steven ( non-confrontational ) I guess so . cable guy you program ? ( off of Steven 's look ) then let I slave you remote . he pick up Steven 's remote , punch in a complicated series of command , then point they at each other . as he hold they together he make a face as if they power be surging through he . cable guy ooh , maybe we should leave this two alone . steven so after this I will only need one remote for everything ? cable guy you know you be pretty good at this . you could be a cable guy yourself . ( he finish ) now let I check you level . with amazing alacrity he adjust color set , sound control , close caption , etc . then he click through the channel . a music video , documentary on Hitler , Oprah Winfrey show , starve kid , barney , court tv . the cable guy watch emotionless . cable guy all right . that about do it . I just have some paperwork for you to fill out . sign here . Steven do . cable guy that give I power of attorney over you . ( beat ) joke . Steven laugh . the cable guy join he , but then continue to laugh way too hard for way too long . as the laugh end it quickly turn into a awkward moment . the cable guy do not want to leave . cable guy I be about finish here . ( beat ) okay . I feel good about this . cable guy walk to the door . steven one thing . cable guy ( turn back immediately ) yeah ! steven I uh I have this friend and he say he give he cable guy fifty buck and he get free movie channel . have you ever hear of anything like that ? cable guy ( deadly serious ) you mean illegal cable ? steven uh yes . cable guy who tell you that ? I want he name . steven forget it . cable guy you be offer I a bribe ? what you have just do be illegal , and in this state if convict , you could be fine five - thousand dollar or spend six month in a correctional facility . steven please that be dumb . I be just make conversation '' cable guy ( laugh ) I be just jerk you chain . wake up little snoozy . I will juice you up . all it be be a push of a button . he put he arm around Steven and walk he toward the front door . steven oh , great . how much ? cable guy do not worry about it . I could not charge you . you girl just boot you . consider it one guy do another guy a solid . steven that be so nice . cable guy hey , you be a ' nice ' guy . you would be surprised how many customer treat you like shit , like I be a god damn plumber or something . ( hand he a card ) here be my personal beeper number . it 's just for my prefer customer . never call the company , they will just put you on hold . steven thanks . really . ( hold up comment card - joke ) you be gonna get some good mark here . cable guy maybe some day I will take you out to the satellite and show you how all this stuff work . it 's really incredible . steven sure . we should do that one day . cable guy how ' bout tomorrow ? steven tomorrow ? tomorrow 's not good . cable guy what be you go to do , sit home and stew about you ex ? steven no . cable guy ( insulted ) oh , okay . I guess I cross the line . sorry . steven ( guilty ) you do not cross the line . cable guy no ? cool . I will pick you up at six - thirty . on the flip side . the cable guy leave before Steven can reconsider . Steven can not believe he just get roped into that . ( end revision - pink ) 14 int . citywide land developer - conference room - day Steven be in the middle of a presentation to he co-worker . his boss , hal daniel , look impressed . Steven pull a sheet off of a architect 's model of a condominium complex . steven there be twenty - four classroom ; each can be convert into a 1400 square foot home . the facility have two tennis court , a Olympic size pool and full gym , with a stage if the resident decide they want to perform " Oklahoma . " everyone laugh . Steven be very good at he job . steven the kitsch appeal of live in a old schoolhouse should be very attractive to young , upwardly mobile home buyer . and most important , the structure be available in foreclosure . if we put down a cash bid , we be go to steal this thing . there be a pause , then everyone applaud . Mr. Daniels walk over to Steven and put a proud arm around he . they speak as the meeting break up . mr . daniel great work Steve -o . so you be feel good ? steve yeah . mr . daniel do I hear something about you have some trouble at home ? steve Robin and I have be have a difficult time . I move out , but I really think it 's only temporary . mr . daniel gotcha . I love this project , but it 's a big mother . know what I mean ? if it fail , corporate 's go to have my ass . I have get confidence in you , but you hear where I be come from , bro ? steven absolutely . now I have get more time than ever . it 's a good thing . ( laugh ) I know I can pull this thing off . mr . daniel ( playfully ) then what be you do talk to I ? you have get a lot of work to do . get to it ! steven thank you . I will . hal go down the stair to he office . Steven watch he disappear , then turn to he secretary , joan . steven I will be right back . 14a int . sassy magazine office - day Steven walk through the hall look for Robin 's office . 15 omitted 16 int . robin' office at sassy magazine - day robin harris , a attractive woman in she late twenty , sit at she desk at " sassy Magazine . " her office be fairly nice , but she be definitely not at the upper level of the company yet . there be papers spread all over she desk . on she wall be picture from the magazine , and article she have write . Steven peek he head in she door . steven hello . Robin 's face drop . robin Steven , what be you do here ? steven I be just in the area . think I would pop by . how 's work ? how would the big teen crush article come out ? ( revise 11/13/95 - Blue ) robin they like it . ( beat ) I think we agree we be not go to see each other for a month . steven I know , it 's just Daniels accept my proposal to renovate the old schoolhouse . robin that 's wonderful , congratulation . steven I know I be break the rule , but come have dinner with I tonight to celebrate . robin I do not think we should . steven come on , this be the biggest day of my career . robin do not put I in this position . steven what position ? I want to share this with you . robin ( feel pressured ) I love you , but I need to take some time on my own to see how I feel . you agree to this . I mean this be exactly why we break up , because you never listen to I . steve what ? now we be break up ? what happen to ' trial separation ? ' robin I can not get into this now . if you have not notice , I be at work . steve sorry to disturb you . he turn to leave . ( revise 11/14/95 - pink ) robin ( sincerely ) Steven . congratulation . I know how much this mean to you . you deserve it . steven thanks . he leave . 17 omitted 17a int . steven' apartment - six - thirty p.m. Steven be watch television . he look lonely and depressed . he click around in a daze , never stop for more than a second . he hear a horn honk outside . cable guy ( os ) Steven !!!! stev-ey !!!! let 's go !!!! on the tv - a commercial for medieval Times Restaurant . Steven walk over to the window and see the cable guy stand in front of he van , lean in he window honk the horn . cable guy Steven !!!! ( wave ) hey buddy !!! come on down !!! Steven wave and then step back from the window . he do not know what to do . he look at the television . on the tv - the local news . reporter come up next a special report , " loneliness , America 's Silent killer . " Steven look back out the window and see the cable guy smile and wave for he to come down . steven ( begin walk to the door ) what the hell . 18 ext . steven' apartment build - dusk Steven walk from he apartment to the customize van . on the side of the white van it say , " the cable company - get wire today . " steven how 's it go ? cable guy howdy partner . climb aboard . Steven get in . 19 int . van - continuous the van drive onto the main boulevard . cable guy thanks for come out . you know most people think cable be just a simple co - ax that come out of the wall . they never take the time to understand how it work . steven where exactly be we goin ? cable guy we be go to take a ride on the information superhighway . 20 ext . CITY - dusk bird eye p.o.v. , shot follow the cable guy 's van as it drive through the city . cable guy it all start in lansford , Pennsylvania where panther Valley Television , with the assistance of jerrod electronics , create the first cable television system . the van drive up into the hill , finally revealing a huge satellite dish on top of a small mountain , overlook the entire city . cable guy I go to lansford once . it 's the cable guy 's Mecca . it be very emotional . 21 ext . wooded area - dusk Steven and the cable guy get out of the van , and walk down a trail . cable guy I come here to think sometimes . to clear my head . they turn a corner and the satellite dish be right in front of they . it be enormous . next to it be a one-hund and fifty foot antenna . next to that be a small fence - in shack where the satellite 's control be locate . cable guy there she be . right now she 's send entertainment and information to million of satisfied citizen . steven that 's pretty impressive . cable guy see , I know the moment I meet you that you would appreciate this . the cable guy run to the dish . a few second later he appear inside of it . cable guy ( with wonder ) the future be now . soon every american home will integrate they television , phone , and computer . you will be able to visit the Louvre on one channel , and watch female mud wrestle on another . you can do you shopping at home , or play mortal kombat with a friend in Vietnam . there 's no end to the possibility . ( wave to Steven ) come on up ! what be you wait for ?! 22 int . satellite dish - night the cable guy and Steven be lie in the middle of the dish , look up at the night sky . cable guy sometimes I will sit here and imagine that there be billion of bit of information surging through I . steven I have watch a lot of tv in my life . I guess I have always take it for grant . cable guy when I be a kid my mom work night . never meet dad . but the old tv be always there for I . steven I know what you mean . my dad be there , but he might as well have be go . my mom be a stewardess . she be always out of town . cable guy ( move ) that 's tough . you must have a lot of abandonment issue . reality be not " Father know best , " it 's a kick in the face on Saturday night . but what do not kill we make we stronger , right ? steven ( tentative ) you know my brother 's a speech therapist . the cable guy sit up . he look angry . cable guy so ? there be a long silence . Steven do not know how to react . steven never mind . the cable guy sit back down and pretend Steven never mention it . cable guy ( beat ) so , you be pretty love strike about you lady , huh ? steven I miss she . I ask she to marry I , and she ask I to move out . cable guy I hate that . steven she say she feel pressured . can you believe that ? cable guy woman be a labyrinth . can I be frank ? I do not think you listen to she . I think you try to tell she what she want to hear . she want you to thirst for knowledge about who she be . all the complicated splendor that be woman . when you love be truly give , it will come back to you ten-fold . steven you be right . that be remarkably insightful . cable guy yeah , it be Jerry springer 's final think on Friday 's show . 23 ext . steven' apartment build - later the van pull up in front of Steven 's apartment building . cable guy you know what ? woman be sucker for " sleepless in Seattle . " it 's on HBO this month . that 's you bait right there . steven Robin love that movie . cable guy they all do . next time you talk to she tell she you be cooking yourself dinner , and watch it by yourself . sound like you be happier than a pig in shit . she will come run . betcha . then just play it cool . steven maybe I will . Steven get out of the car . steven thanks a lot . I be embarrassed to say this , but I do not know you name . what be it ? cable guy ( touch ) you really want to know my name ? you do ? really ? it 's Ernie Douglas . but my friend call I chip . steven I will see ya' chip . before he can exit the van , the cable guy be stare he in the eye . cable guy let 's just remember right now . you know some people walk through they entire life and never find a true friend . ( long pause ) I guess we be the lucky one . ( end revise - pink ) steven' p.o.v . - the cable guy be in slow motion . he blink once . steven uh good - bye . cable guy later buddy . I will catch ya ' on the flip side . Steven exit the van feel a little uncomfortable . 24 int . coffeehouse - next day Steven and Robin be talk . Robin do not look happy to see he . steven I do not listen to you . I pretend to understand but I be really just say what I think you want to hear . so from now on I be go to try my best to listen more because I do love you and be interested in learn about every detail about the complicated splendor that be you . Robin look at he , somewhat shocked . robin oh . steven I want we to get back together , but I can see why take this time might be good for we . so , I be not mad . after a long beat , Robin smile . robin sometimes time apart be healthy . steven you be right . well , that 's what I come here to say . look , I have get to get back to the office . he start get up . robin so , be you do anything tomorrow ? steven I be just go to cook myself dinner and watch a movie . " sleepless in Seattle " be on cable . robin really ? steven if you be around you should drop by and check out the new apartment . robin okay , maybe I will . he exit the room . as he do we see a television broadcasting the sweet case . on MTV - Sam sweet sit behind the defendant 's table . tabitha soren be give the news update . tabitha soren today in the Sam sweet case the prosecution play the 911 call that Sam sweet make the night he murder he brother . keep in mind , he confess one month later . the courtroom listen to a 911 phone call . the transcription be see on the screen . SAM sweet V on the tape ( cry and babbling ) hello , please send help . my twin brother have be shot . 911 operator slow down sir . what happen ? SAM sweet oh my god , they shot he with a shot gun four time . I mean I think it be a shotgun . who would do such a thing ?! I think it be a asian gang or something . they be speak some other language . Sam lean over and whisper something in he lawyer 's ear . tabitha soren hmm . who indeed ? come up next , a rare interview with Michael Jackson 's zoo - keeper . 25 int . high school gym - day Steven be play a pick - up , full court basketball game with some of he friend . it be a competitive , but friendly game . Steven be on skin , Rick be on shirt . steven here , here , here . a player pass to Steven . Rick be cover he . Steven drive to the basket and put in a lay up . rick ( to himself ) shit ! my fault ! my fault ! steven not you fault . I be in the zone . there be no stop I today . play begin again . a player name jeff take the ball out , then pass to a heavy - set player who catch the ball , then drive to the basket . when he do he twist he ankle , drop the ball . the ball roll out of bound into a dark corner of the gym . we follow it as it roll on the ground until it hit a man 's sneaker . a pair of hand pick up the ball . the camera tilt up the man 's body . it be the cable guy . he be hold another ball . he start dribble the two ball in a circular pattern . cable guy hey , you guy play here , too ? cool . I be just in the neighborhood . think I would run the court for a couple of inning . rick ( gesture to injure player ) great . we need another man . steven this be chip Douglas my cable guy . Rick smile in recognition . cable guy we meet about a week ago during a routine installation , but I feel like I have know he my whole life . Steven can not believe this be happen . rick oh really . that 's sweet . all right chip Douglas , you be on shirt . let 's play . cable guy no , I want to be on Steven 's team . I be skin . the cable guy quickly take off he shirt . Steven look shocked because underneath he clothes he be ripple with muscle . the dichotomy between he nerdy face , and he awesome physique be scary . jeff I do not care , I will be shirt . let 's just play . cable guy wait a sec ' . I have get to warm up . the cable guy start run wind sprint across the court , touch all the main line . everyone stare at he until he finish . cable guy let 's get it on ! steven be you any good ? cable guy feed I under the board and you will find out . play begin . the shirt inbound to Jeff . the cable guy be all over he , cover he as tightly as humanly possible . he keep he hand near Jeff 's face , whacks he in the back as he dribble , etc . he could not be more annoying . Jeff pass to Rick who drive to the basket and put up a shot which go in . Rick and Jeff slap hand . cable guy ( do the travel hand signal ) travel ! that 's travel ! rick yeah , whatever you say chip . everyone run down the court , ignore he . cable guy all right , so we be play that type of game . prison rule . I get it . Steven take the ball out . the cable guy run around the court , attempt to get open . he criss cross all over the court . cable guy feed I the rock ! feed I the rock ! I be open ! Steven pass to the cable guy , who drive to the basket , push Jeff out of the way in the process . the ball go in . cable guy ( do the foul hand signal ) and one ! that 's definitely a foul ! ( to Jeff ) you want to mug I , my wallet be in my other pants . steven ( to cable guy ) what be you do ? cable guy do not play from fear Steven . we can take this guy . music up - slow motion - steven be p.o.v. a . the shirt put a shot which do not go in . the cable guy swing he elbow wildly as he pull it down . bear the cable guy drive to the basket in slow motion violently take down two man , include Rick . c. Rick drive to the basket . on he way he fake out Steven who fall to the floor . Rick score . the cable guy help Steven up . as the cable guy walk across the court he bang shoulder with Rick . die the cable guy pass the ball to Steven , then set a nasty pick against Rick , who go down hard . cable guy take it to the hole ! Steven be so un - nerve by the cable guy 's behavior that he miss a simple lay up . Steven grab he own rebound . when he put up a second shot , Rick gently foul he . Steven stumble to the ground . the ball do not go in . cable guy hey , be you okay ? he pull Steven up . steven yeah . I be fine . cable guy let 's switch . I will cover Rick . the cable guy get in Rick 's face and give he a death stare . Steven take out the ball . he pass to a teammate who pass it to the cable guy who drive to the basket , then literally step on Rick 's back and leap into the air and dunk the ball . rick ( enraged ) what the hell be that ? that 's it . I have have enough . everyone begin to exit the court . jeff thanks for bring you " friend " . the cable guy run up to Rick . cable guy good game . ( slap Rick on the butt ) you be tough out there . you play bring I up to a higher level . I mean that . rick ( dismissive ) yeah . he shake he head and exit with the rest of the player . steven what be you do ? cable guy it be payback time . I be protect you . ( revise 11/14/95 - pink ) steven you ruin the game . cable guy I do not appreciate you tone Steven . that 's not the way friend speak to each other . steven what be you talk about ? I do not even know you ! cable guy well let 's fix that . let I buy you a Heineken ? steven no , I be go home . Steven turn to leave . cable guy well , uh , I guess we will talk later . I have get to go shower up and do some stuff . I will call you if I get a chance . or you call I or something . the cable guy put he hand up for Steven to high five . Steven slap it halfheartedly . then the cable guy extend he palm out low by he knee . cable guy and down low . Steven stare at it for a beat . the cable guy wait . he will wait as long as it take . finally Steven give he a low five just so he can leave . cable guy ( pull he hand away so Steven miss it ) too slow . have a good one . steven ( as he walk away ) yeah , have a good one . 26 int . steven' apartment - next night Steven run in with a small bag of grocery . he be dress for a date . he pull out a bottle of wine . he open the oven , and check on dinner . it be almost ready . then he check he message machine as he prepare the meal . he begin chopping a onion . ( revise 11/13/95 - Blue ) message voice you have eleven message . steven' mother ( on the machine ) Steven , it 's mom . give I a call . I be still you mother . steven' father ( on the machine ) I be get on . Steven call you mother . cable guy ( on the machine ) hey Steven . just check in . give I a ring . I be at 555-4329 . ( beep ) what 's up Steven ? I be at a pay phone . if you be there pick up . pick up . pick up . okay , I will be home later . I will talk to you then . Steven stop chopping . cable guy ( on the machine ) ( beep ) okay I be home now . give I a buzz when you get in . I will be here pretty much all night . bye. ( beep tone ) hey Steven . Quick question , give I a call when you get a chance . ( beep tone ) I be just take a whiz , think you might have call . okay later . ( beep tone ) sorry , I have call wait , do not get to it , think it might have be you . all right , bye . Steven be beginning to get a little wigge out by this . he fast forward through a sampling of the rest of the call . cable guy ( fast forward ) we be have ourselves quite a little game of phone tag here . you be it ! ( fast forward ) I be just blow drying my hair and I think I hear the phone ringing . ( fast forward ) you be a tough man to reach . ( fast forward ) I guess you be too busy to call you friend . ( revision end - Blue ) Steven fast forward the machine . all he hear be sighing . then '' cable guy ( on the machine ) ( long beat - then quiet and distant ) shit . the doorbell ring . Steven take a deep breath then open the door . it be Robin . she be dress casually , but look beautiful . steven hey , good to see you . there be a awkward moment where Steven intentionally do not kiss she hello . steven come on in . what do you think of the place ? she look at the odd placement of furniture . robin you make some interesting choice lay out the room . steven ( embarrassed ) that 's actually where the mover put the furniture . I be gonna change it , very soon . robin no , I like it . 27 int . steven' live room - later the food be all eat . Steven and Robin be sit on the couch have a awkward conversation . robin so how 's work ? steven work 's good . robin how 's hal ? steven do not get I start . that guy have no vision . it 's like work for Mr. magoo . he 's just worthless . robin it 's just great that you be get to do it . it 's a real step up . steven I know . now if only someone at corporate smarten up enough to dump hal , then I could really get some stuff do . robin it 's nice to see you do so well . steven well , it 's nice just to see you . ( look at he watch ) hey , it should be start . they sit on the couch . Robin move to sit in closer to Steven . Steven turn on the television . the screen be fill with white noise . the sound be loud static . he change channel look for the signal . then fumble with the remote control as he attempt to lower the volume . steven damn cable be out . Son of a bitch . robin it 's alright . we can watch it another night . steven no , no . we really should see it now . now 's a good time . he play with the remote , hope it will magically come back . it do not . steven wait , wait . I know what to do . he walk over to the phone , then pull the cable guy 's beeper number out of he wallet . he dial it , then press the number in . steven the cable guy 's a friend of mine . I will just page he . we will have this fix in no time . ( revise 11/14/95 - pink ) Steven dial the cable guy 's beeper number into the phone . the moment he be finish dial '' there be a knock - the camera whip pan to the door Steven walk to the door and open it . stand there be the cable guy look dark and disturb , different than we have ever see he before . Steven be startle . steven that be fast . cable guy be there a problem with you service ? steven yeah my cable go out . Steven push he out into the hall . cable guy really ? the cable guy hold up a cut cable cord . cable guy so you call I . interesting how you call when you need something . be that how you treat people ? steven I have be really busy . you have get to get my cable go , Robin be here . this be really important . he peek in to get a look at Robin . they make momentary eye contact . Steven push he back out . cable guy but call I back be not ? steven I be sorry . please , you have get to help I . cable guy why should I help you ? I give you free cable . what have you ever do for I ? steven anything you want . name it '' quickly . cable guy tomorrow night , we hang out . steven Fine , whatever you want . cable guy God bless you . you be too good to I . the cable guy walk over to a fuse type box , turn one knob , then walk back to Steven . cable guy ( loud-normally ) all set . steven so what 's with the cut cord ? cable guy ( nonchalantly ) that 's for effect . see ya ' tomorrow steven. ( conspiratorially ) she 's pretty . and do not kiss she . do not even touch she . fight the urge at all cost . it will pay off later with he make a motion which imply sex . cable guy enjoy the flick . the cable guy walk away . Steven walk back inside . robin who be that ? steven nobody . Steven sit down next to Robin . Robin move next to he . Steven look very happy . 28 on the tv a scene from the film " sleepless in Seattle . " the camera pull out and reveal the cable guy watch the film in the back of he van '' alone . we can not see much of the inside of the van because the only light be that of the television , but we can tell that he life there . 29 ( scene 29 omitted ) 30 ext . parking lot - dusk the cable guy and Steven walk across a parking lot . Steven have he eye close . cable guy sorry about yesterday . I be in kind of a weird mood . how would thing go with you ? keep them close . steven pretty well . we will see . look , about the other night . I do not appreciate you -- cable guy do not peek . I want this to be a surprise . steven I really do not need to be surprised . where be we go ? cable guy only the best restaurant in town . they walk around a corner . cable guy okay , here we be . open sesame . Steven open he eye . the camera move behind then and reveal a enormous faux castle with a big sign on it which say " medieval time restaurant . " steven medieval Times ? cable guy I know what you be think . do not worry , I be buy . 31 int . medieval time - later the cable guy and Steven be walk to they table . all the seating overlook a large , circular arena , the kind a rodeo be hold in . the entire restaurant / arena be design in medieval theme decor . all of the staff be dress as knight , sorcerer , royalty , etc . ( revision end - pink ) steven funny . I never think I would ever come here . cable guy I love this place . I come here twice a week . a Hispanic woman with a large butt walk by . the cable guy be transfix . cable guy oh man , that 's my look . I love big butt . ow , that hurt . he grab he crotch and squeeze , as if it 's the only way he can control himself . cable guy there oughta be a law . man she be hot . it 's just not fair . steven ( gesture to he squeezing he crotch ) please do not . cable guy you know what I need right now ? pooooon tang . and I be not talk about the place in Vietnam . steven good to know . they sit down . the waitress walk over . she be dress in peroid clothes , but be not enthusiastic about she job . waitress ( flatly ) welcome to medieval Times . my name be melinda . I will be you serve wench . May I get you something from the bar keep ? cable guy ( too into it ) dost thou have a mug of ale for I and I mate ? he have be pitch in battle for a fortnight a have a King 's thirst for the beer thust thou might have for thust . waitress ( uninspired ) I will be right back my lord . the cable guy put something together . cable guy there you go . he hand Steven a paper crown . they both put theirs on . steven thanks for the help . the cable guy see something . his eye widen . cable guy Steven , do not turn around , but there be a woman eyeing you like you be a piece of meat and she have not eat in a week . Steven act like he be not interested , but he be . steven really ? what do she look like ? cable guy shoe 's a hottie . I wish she be check I out . man -- she be on fire ! total robo-babe . steven be you serious ? cable guy do not look . steven I have get to look . cable guy okay , but play it cool . just turn like you be look for the waitress . Steven put up he hand , and turn as if he 's go to call for the waitress . he see the woman . she be in she sixty , and probably be not attractive at any stage of she life . Steven turn back to the cable guy , annoyed . cable guy ha-ha . I be just mess with you mind . but you fall for it man . you be one horny indian Chief . steven ( not laugh ) you get I . cable guy so what do you want to rap about ? the trumpet go off , the light go down and the show begin . cable guy hold that think . show 's on . the cable guy turn and look at a stage that stand at one end above the arena . 32 on the stage - a man who look like alan rickman in " robin hood " speak to the crowd host welcome to a magnificent journey into the past . this be medieval Times ! the entire crowd , fill completely with white trash tourist , applaud . host be you prepapre for a night of feast and sport the like of which ye will never forget ?! the audience applaud . host I charge you to stand up on you foot and cheer for you section 's knight ! on the stand - each section of the crowd be paint a color that correspond with a knight . the cable guy stand up and cheer like he be at a wrestle match . Steven remain seat . cable guy let the game begin ! the Red knight rule ! Blue knight ! you be go down ! go down ! a embarrassed Steven applaud politely . the cable guy sit down . 33 int . medieval time - later on the floor - in the center of the room two Knights be fight with sword while on horseback . on steven and the cable guy - they be eat whole chicken with they bare hand while watch the show . steven ( to the watiress ) could I get a knife and fork ? waitress there be no utensil in medieval Times , so there be no utensil at ' medieval Times . ' do you want a refill on that pepsi ? steven there be no utensil , but there be pepsi ? waitress look , I have a lot of table to get to . the waitress exit . cable guy ( stand up - yell to the competitor ) spill he blood ! take he kead ! show no mercy ! the two knight fight with sword . after a few moment of battle the Red knight win . the crowd erupt . the cable guy go crazy . cable guy ( to Steven ) come on , get into it , we win ! releuctantly , Steven stand up and applaud . steven ( halfheartedly ) Way to go Red knight . good job of kill . good work . Steven and the cable guy sit down . cable guy so , what be you say before ? steven ( tentatively ) how do I put this ? I have really enjoy hang out with you , but ... cable guy that 's why I become a cable guy . to make friend like you . every time I walk up to a new door , that door be a possibility for friendship . when I walk in you apartment I know there be something there . I just know it . steven ( sotto ) oh lord . ( try to get back on track ) I want you to know -- the light change . trumpets play a fanfare . the host walk out onto the stage , interrupt Steven . host we have reach the climax of we competition good people ! now , two noble man from we audience will battle to the death to resolve a grievance . will a master ... ( look at he clipboard ) Steven M. bartowsky and Lord Ernie Douglas make you way to the fight pit ! a spotlight shine on they . Steven be shocked . steven what 's go on ? cable guy we be go to do battle . it will be fun . steven be this a normal part of the show ? cable guy no , but I give all the Knights free cable . they say it would be cool if we just go at it for a little while . two pimply face serf from the show come and lead they away . steven be this safe ? cable guy that 's what the armor 's for . 34 int . fighting pit - later Steven and the cable guy be be dress in armor by the two serf . the cable guy could not be happier . Steven be freak out . steven what be we suppose to do ? we have get to be careful we do not hurt each other . the cable guy do not answer he . he have he game face on . cable guy I cannot listen to any of you instruction for you be my swear enemy , and be about to meet you demise . before Steven can answer he the trumpet blare . host let the battle begin . come now people , let I hear you voice ! the crowd cheer . Music play . the serf hand they each a sword and shield , then walk they to the center of the pit . the cable guy crouch in a war-like position . he begin to circle Steven like a cat . Steven mirror he , not sure of what to do . steven just take it easy . the cable guy run at Steven , and swing he sword . in fear , Steven put he shield over he head . the sword smashes into it send spark into the air . the cable guy dart toward Steven and poke he several time with he sword . each time Steven block it with either he sword or he shield . steven ( enraged ) what be you do ?! cable guy ( matter of fact ) I be try to kill you . the cable guy grab a mace ( a stick with a chain and ball attach to it ) off of a weapon fill wall and run at Steven , swinging with abandon . Steven block the deadly mace with he shield . steven hey , watch it ! the cable guy leap onto Steven . then he speak into he ear as he push he down onto the ground . cable guy this be just like when spock have to fight kirk on ' Star Trek . ' best friend force to do battle . Steven get angry and push the cable guy off of he . he swing at the cable guy with he sword , just miss he . the cable guy roll on the ground and pop back up in the air . cable guy that 's the spirit . let 's give them a good show . Steven charge at the cable guy , swinging wildly . it be a real battle now . he bang away at the cable guy 's mace until he knock it out of he hand . the cable guy run backwards , then fall on the ground . by the look in he eye we can tell that the cable guy 's feeling be hurt . cable guy so that 's how it 's gonna be , huh ? all right . if you want to play rought , daddy can play rough . the cable guy charge at Steven with he shield . he upper cut the shield to Steven 's face , send he to the ground . the cable guy run to the wall and grab a huge battle ax , a four foot long stick with a fancy silver blade on the end of it . he swing it in circle like a japanese master . Steven grab a similar weapon , and then begin to circle each other . steven chip , this be not funny ! will you stop it ! cable guy the name be spock . if we do not battle to the death , they will kill we both . good- bye Jim . he swing he sword , and they battle ' Star Trek ' style . the cable guy begin to sing the " Star Trek Battle Music " as they fight . steven this be not ' Star Trek ! ' music up : STAR trek battle music they bang the handle of they battle axe together , jockey for position . the cable guy push Steven away from he , then take a huge swing , but Steven leap in the air over the blade . the cable guy swing over he head , and Steven block it with he ax handle . they continue to swing and roll in a vicious battle . then the cable guy take a swing which Steven be unable to block . the battle ax cut through part of Steven 's protection . steven ( look down ) Jesus . the cable guy run to a horse ' entrance . there be a long pause , and then we hear the sound of pound horse hoof . a moment later the cable guy ride out on a horse hold a jousting stick . the show 's host run up to Steven . host quickly , muster a top you steed . ( Steven do not move - the host drop character ) get on the god damn horse ! I do not think he 's kid ! Left with no choice , Steven jump on a horse and grab a joust . the host smack Steven 's horse send it straight toward the charge cable guy . steven do not do this ! cable guy Jim , we have no choice ! steven oh my god . they run toward each other . a horrible game of chicken . neither give in . when they reach one another Steven knock the cable guy off he horse with he jousting stick . the cable guy fly through the air , land on he back . Steven ride to he . jump off he horse , throw off he helmet . steven ( concerned ) be you okay ? the cable guy sit up and smile at he . cable guy well do good sir . you be the victor , but we shall meet again . the two serf put Steven on a chair connect to two pole . they carry he to the center of the arena in victory . the crowd cheer wildly . Steven feel the adrenaline rush . he hold up he arm in triumph , and smile . dissolve to later : 35 int . steven' apartment build - night they be walk up the stair . cable guy you have get a real warrior 's instinct . steven I have get to admit there 's a real feel of power hold that jousting stick . cable guy if Robin see you tonight , she would be begging you to take she back . I be tell you this knight get laid all the time . steven we should go again next week . cable guy easy there lancelot . Steven open the door to he apartment . 36 int . steven' apartment - continuous Steven pop into the kitchen and hit a button on he answer machine . machine you have zero message . cable guy nobody love ya. ( grab a beer from the fridge ) hey , I think I leave my staple gun in the live room the other day . could you be a pal ? Steven walk to the live room . 36aa int . live room - continuous Steven turn on the light . cable guy what do you think ? Steven 's entire stereo system and tv have be replace with a sixty - five inch television , laser disc player , karaoke machine and a brand new stereo system . all top of the line . steven what be this ? cable guy I take the liberty of update you in home entertainment system . I get you the big screen , plus thanks quality sound that would make George Lucas cream in he pants . steven you go in my house when I be not home ? cable guy how else be I suppose to get the stuff in here ? Magic ? steven how much do this cost ? cable guy practically nothing . I have a connection . preferred customer . I hook he up , he hook I up . steven look , I can not accept this . I would not feel right . cable guy yes but you give I something so much more valuable friendship . steven and you have give I friendship , so we be even . ( beat ) really , do not take it personally , but you have get to take it back . cable guy ( sadly ) well , my buddy with the pick - up truck work all week . be it all right if I leave it here till Saturday ? steven ( guilty ) sure , no problem . and do not get I wrong . I really appreciate the gesture . cable guy mm-hmm . ( beat ) staple gun ? steven oh , right . Steven pick up the staple gun . the cable guy pull out a leather pouch . Steven drop the staple gun in the pouch . the cable guy never touch it . 36a int . steven' office - next day Steven dial the phone . on he computer screen a graphic read " hello steven - have a wonderful day . " steven ( into the phone ) Robin , it 's Steven again . I be still try to reach you . okay , I be at work . call I . he hang up . he be get frustrated . the door open . hal Daniels stick he head in , but do not enter . mr. daniel how 's it go ? steven good. mr. daniel ( long beat ) good good ? steven great . mr. daniel good . keep it up . he leave . the phone ring . secretary ( through the intercom ) Robin on line two . Steven light up . he take a deep breath , then answer the phone . steven hey , I have the best time the other night . when be I go to get you on my couch again ? 36b int . van - day the cable guy be drive around . he speak on a cellular phone . cable guy well tonight 's not look too good . how about tomorrow ? steven chip ? cable guy I know I would get you on the phone that way . listen , that equipment will be history the day after tomorrow . it sure would be a pity to leave that karaoke machine a virgin . steven what do you mean ? cable guy tomorrow night , you be have a karaoke jam . no if and or but . well maybe a few butt . later gator . 37 int . steven' apartment - saturday night close up - a old man' face intensely singing " american woman . " we pull out to reveal we be in Steven 's live room . it be populate with about twenty odd look misfit mingling and dance to the music . among they we see Rick look very uncomfortable . 37aa int . kitchen - continuous Steven be on the phone . he be dress up . occasionally a misfit enter and grab a drink from the fridge . steven hey Robin . what 's up ? do you get my message ? 37a int . - robin' apartment - intercut the scene intercut between the two location . Robin be dress up , and on she way out . robin yes . you leave I five message . it king of freak I out . steven sorry . I have be try to reach you ' cause I be have a party . you have get to come over . robin ( listen for a beat ) I can not . I be go to dinner with someone . steven dinner ? what , like a date ? robin not really a date . steven you have get a date ?! I think thing be go well between we . robin they be . steven so why be you go out on a date ? robin I make it before we get together the other night . I know you would freak out . steven I be not freaking out . robin yes , you be freaking out . steven I be not . I just can not believe you would do this . robin I be not do anything wrong . I be allow to date . it 's not like we be back together . we have a good time the other night , and you be already pressure I . steven ( pissy ) Fine , enjoy yourself . have fun . robin I will . steven Fine . bye . Steven hang up the phone . the cable guy appear , and hand he a beer . cable guy this be just a sign that you need to live a little . she 's have fun , and you should too . ( revise 11/13/95 - Blue ) steven you be probably right . cable guy damn right I be right . steven oh , I get you a little something . he hand a box to the cable guy . cable guy I think you say we be even . you be break the rule . steven so shoot I . he open it . the box say , " lose you lisp in thirty day . " the cable guy be so move he can not speak . steven my brother say it might help with you lisp . the cable guy look Steven in the eye for a long beat , then hug he hard . cable guy word can not express ( he be too move to finish he sentence ) steven it 's no big deal . cable guy yes it be . he stare at Steven until it make he uncomfortable . cable guy now I be on a mission . this have get to be the best party ever ! let 's rock . 37b int . live room - continuous they walk into the live room . a sad look older man be sing " superfreak . " everyone 's have fun . we see a couple of off duty policeman in uniform mingling with the crowd . ( revision end - Blue ) steven you have get plenty of friend . cable guy this people be acquaintance . they be not ride to the airport friend , like we . ( see something ) whoa , chick alert at three o'clock . a real barn burner . do not look . steven you be play with I again . cable guy no sirree Steven . this woman be all over you like a lamp -shade . steven shut up . he turn and see a stun woman stand in the middle of a group of male and female misfit . when he look at she , she smile . he quickly turn back . cable guy do it just get hotter in here ? ( grab he crotch ) oh , that hurt . steven who would she come with ? cable guy I do not know , but she look pretty available to I . I would strike while the iron be hot . he who hesitates , masturbate , know what I be say ? angle on a nerdy , bald man walk over to Rick . odd man he sure can throw a party . chip 's a incredible man . I really admire he . rick where do you know he from ? odd man he hook up my cable . do not charge I either . that 's the kind of guy he be . ( revise 11/13/95 - Blue ) angle on Steven slowly walk over to the pretty woman . steven hey . I be Steven . woman Heather . steven can I get you something to drink ? heather sure . I will have a shot of tequila if you will . steven come right up . 37c int . live room - later at the karaoke area - Steven and Heather be sing " you be the one that I want " from " grease . " they be both drunk , and have a great time . the cable guy walk over to Rick . cable guy I be glad you accept my invitation . rick Steven invite I . the cable guy look at Steven and Heather . cable guy look at he . have you ever see he so alive ? he 's change , Rick . you have get to learn to live with that . rick I do not know what you story be " chip Douglas , " but I be go to find out . cable guy oooh . how dramatic . the song end . Rick walk away . he wave to Steven as he head out . Steven run over to he . rick I be get out of here . steven ( drunk ) why ? this be a great party . this girl be really into I . rick you be whacked man . that guy be bad news . steven you do not even know he . you be just mad ' cause he kick you ass in basketball . rick I can not even deal . I be outta here . on the cable guy - at the karaoke area . he speak into the microphone . cable guy hello everyone . first of all I would like to thank Steven for be such a terific host . Steven smile , and do a half wave to everyone as they applaud . cable guy do not forget to kick in some spinach for the beer . Steven be not make of money . and I expect some of you to join in the clean up crew . off duty cop sing something ! do a song ! cable guy ( false coyness ) no I really could not . odd man come on ! do you song ! cable guy okay , just to stop that guy from begging . this number be dedicated to all of the lady in the house . he put on a Janet Jackson type microphone , then break into a fast pace rap of the song " bust a move , " accompany by elaborate dance move . cable guy ( rapping ) ( lyric to " bust a move . " ) during the musical break the cable guy begin to break dance . he know all the move . the robot , the spider , the crab . he look like a derange cast member or " electric boogaloo . " the guest go crazy . angle on steven and heather steven you sound just like olivia Newton John . heather I have be practice for year . steven ( laugh ) so what do you do ? heather I can barely hear you . do you want to talk in the other room ? steven oh okay . they walk into Steven 's bedroom . on the cable guy cable guy ( lyric to " bust a move . " ) 38 int . bedroom - continuous Steven and Heather be sit on the bed talk . steven she say she want a break , and that 's fine with I . I think I need some time also . heather yeah . I know what you mean . she lean in and kiss he . 39 int . live room - continuous the cable guy have get all of the guest in a frenzy . cable guy ( lyric to " bust a move . " ) 40 int . steven' bedroom - continuous Steven and Heather be kissing passionately . suddenly the door fly open , and the cable guy dance into the room , take out a Polaroid instamatic camera and flash a picture of they . Steven be disorient . behind the cable guy in the hallway be everyone from the party . cable guy ( lyric to " bust a move . " ) he continue to rap , dance and flash picture of everyone as he dance out of the room . 41 int . steven' apartment - next morning Steven walk into the live room look a little dishevel . the cable guy be cooking he breakfast . cable guy good morning sleepy head . I hope you do not mind , I crash on the couch . Bacon and egg come up . steven where do Heather go ? cable guy I hear she slip out early this morning . steven what a night . that be just what I need . ( revision end - Blue ) cable guy you look like a new man . steven I feel like a new man . I be get so use to be reject . I really like she . cable guy hey , it be my treat . steven ( take aback ) what do you mean it be " you treat ? " cable guy you know , I buy this time , you buy next time . steven ( get concerned ) buy what ? cable guy you know , the woman . steven you mean Heather be a prostitute ? cable guy of course she be . do you think a woman like that would hang out with we if we be not pay ? do not tell I you do not know . steven I can not believe this . he sit in a chair , and lean over in pain . cable guy she 's clean I assure you . I try she out last week to make sure she be top quality , and I be as healthy as a horse . not a drip . she 's the best , ask any of my friend . Steven cringe . steve you have get to be kid ? please tell I she 's a friend of yours . you be just play with my mind again , right ? cable guy I wish I have friend like that . steven get out of my house ! cable guy do not be ashamed of yourself . I know she be a work girl , but she kind of like you . you might have be able to get a freebie . steven out , now ! I do not ever want to see you again . ( to himself ) Robin be never go to forgive I . cable guy I will tell you how to handle that . do not tell she . you want to get she back , I will help you get she back . steven I do not want you help . I want you to leave . ( gesture to the tv ) and take that stuff out of here . cable guy ( calmly ) whatever . I can take a hint . I will see ya ' . the cable guy exit . 42 omitted 43 ext . fancy restaurant - night p.o.v. shot - Robin and a date enter the restaurant . we move to reveal the cable guy drive up in he van . he watch they from across the street . a moment later he head inside . 44 int . fancy restaurant - night the cable guy enter the restaurant . the hostess walk over to he . hostess May I help you ? cable guy no , I be meeting someone here . he look around the restaurant , then spot Robin and a handsome , chisele man at a table . they be on a date . the cable guy look angry . he walk to the restroom . 45 int . restroom - night a older bathroom attendant stand in front of the sink . on the counter sit a variety of toiletry . a man wash he hand . the bathroom attendant hand he some paper towel . the man put a tip in the basket , and exit . bathroom attendant most appreciate . the cable guy walk over to the bathroom attendant . he dramatically whip out a twenty dollar bill , and put it in front of the bathroom attendant 's nose . cable guy you have be work hard . take a break . 46 int . restaurant - a little later Robin be talk to she date ray . he be handsome , and somewhat goofy . they have empty salad plate in front of they . ray my brother and I wanna start we own sun block company . but the twist be , it 's only for ski . skiblock . or sunski . we have not decide yet . maybe blockski . do you think that sound good ? robin blockski ? that sound right . ray so , gail tell I you be just come off a relationship . robin well , not really . we be kind of in a hold pattern . he want more of a commitment , but I do not think I be ready . I just want to have a good time for a while . ray then we get to get you on a skidoo ! robin skidoo ? ray High power snow mobile . it will blow you mind . it fly over powder like it 's glass . they waitress pass by . ray ( impatiently ) hey , how be you do on that chicken ? have the egg hatched yet ? thanks . Robin be mortify by he behavior . ray so , how 's you work go ? robin it 's be crazy . they just hire a '' ray hold that think . I have to use the rest room . be right back . he leave . Robin look relieved to have a break . 47 int . restroom - moment later Ray enter the restroom . the cable guy be now wear the bathroom attendant 's blue shirt white pants and a thin fake moustache . a distinguished man walk over and wash he hand . man ( to cable guy ) towel please . cable guy my pleasure . the man put out he hand to take the paper towel , but the cable guy do not hand it to he , he grab the man 's hand and surround they with several paper towel , and begin drying they furiously . when he 's do , he take a beat and wipe they over and over , just to make sure they be dry . the man be aghast . cable guy enjoy you meal the man exit . Ray walk toward the stall . cable guy good evening sir . pleasant night , be not it ? ray ( curt ) yeah . cable guy but I guess the weather 's always pleasant in here . the winter be remarkably mild . he laugh at he own joke . Ray walk into the handicapped stall . cable guy ( os ) if you need anything , just let I know . anything at all . ray ( get annoyed ) I think I can handle it . Ray unzip he fly , and prepare to pee stand up . suddenly , as if out of thin air , the cable guy be stand right behind he . he speak into Ray 's ear , startling he . cable guy I be here to serve you . ray Jesus ! get out of here ! cable guy most people never bother to take advantage of all my service , for instance '' the cable guy grab the back of Ray 's shirt , kick he foot out from under he , and slam he face into the toilet bowl , sloshing it around . Ray struggle , but the cable guy be too strong . cable guy I can help you wash up . cleanliness be so very important . he pull he face out . cable guy then once you be do I have a variety of skin care product which can make you look year young . the cable guy kick the door open , and pull Ray toward the counter . he grab a bottle of lotion . cable guy this lotion be superb at remove liver spot . he slap it onto Ray 's face . cable guy this one be a excellent moisturizer . the cable guy pour some after cologne into he hand , and rub he hand together as if he 's about to put it on Ray 's face . cable guy and one can never underestimate the effect of a good cologne . the cable guy rear back and slap Ray across the face . cable guy ( sniff ) mm High karate . and now a touch of powder . he take a large powder puff , and smashes it into Ray 's face temporarily blind he . cable guy ( grab a tweezer ) ooh , I almost forget , it 's oh so very important to be properly tweezed . the cable guy pluck several hair out from between Ray 's eyebrow . cable guy you be on a big date , you will need fresh breath . he take a clear jar of comb , and pour the blue fluid and the comb into Ray 's mouth . cable guy whoops , that 's not mouth wash . but that remind I . proper hair care be a must . the cable guy comb he soaking wet hair into a very goofy look side part . cable guy look good , now let 's dry you off . he run Ray face first into the start button of a automatic hand dryer . it turn on . the cable guy put he face right up next to the air . cable guy now suck it . suck the air ! Ray hesitantly put he mouth around the nozzle , and he cheek start flutter like a astronaut experience heavy G - Force . cable guy from this angle you look just like Neil armstrong experience G - Force . I believe you have the " right stuff . " the cable guy pull he away , and smashes he face into the tip basket . cable guy do not worry about the tip . but I have get one for you . ( whisper into he ear ) stay away from Robin . she 's take . he toss he out the door . 47a int . restaurant - continuous the door open , and Ray fall to the floor . 47b int . restaurant - continuous Robin sit alone at she table . she look at she watch . in the background the cable guy slip out . 48 omitted 49 int . steven' live room - night Steven be watch television while eat a tv dinner . on the tv - local television news anchor man here 's a bizarre story from downtown , where a man be beat in a restroom by a assailant disguise as a bathroom attendant . the victim have be unable to speak since the unmotivate attack . we see the image of a shake up ray be lead out of the restaurant by two police officer . anchor man a police sketch artist put together this draw from witness ' description . we see a draw which look a little like the cable guy . in it he have a moustache and appear to be Hispanic . Steven look carefully . do he know that man ? Nah . he change the channel . on the tv - the fox logo fly up , follow by a slick promo for a fox movie-of - the - week on the Sam sweet trial . anouncer ( v.o. ) tonight on Fox , the true story behind the trial that 's capture the nation . we see eric robert hold a shotgun , point at another scared eric robert . announcer ( v.o . ) the jury may still be out , but the chill fact be in . Eric Roberts , in he dramatic debut be Sam and Stan sweet . " brother , sweet brother : the killing of stanton sweet . " tonight on Fox . 49a ext . robin' apartment - day the cable guy walk over to a female neighbor . cable guy Excuse I , apartment 202 be Robin Harris ? female neighbor ( point ) it 's right upstairs . 50 int . robin be home - next day there be a loud knock . Robin walk to the door and open it without undoing the chain . robin who be it ? the cable guy stick he face as far into the crack of the door as possible . cable guy it 's the cable guy . robin there 's no problem with my cable . cable guy I have get a upgrade order for one Robin Harris . the rainbow package , that 's every pay channel available . robin I do not order this . cable guy apparently you have get a secret admirer . she unlock the chain , and the cable guy quickly step inside . robin be it a man name Steven ? cable guy I can not tell you . robin come on . cable guy no , I promise Steven I would not say . he give it away on purpose . they both laugh . cable guy whoops , I slip . well you do not hear it from I . 51 int . AIR duct - later the cable guy be in the air duct . he be pull cord . he reach a area of the duct which open up to a vent . he look through and see Robin change in the bedroom . he try not to look at Robin undress . he turn away . cable guy I be sorry Steven . I be just a man . he turn back and look at she . he notice a birthmark on she back . 52 int . apartment - later the cable guy be on he way out . cable guy that about do it . enjoy . robin so , be you a friend of Steve n 's ? cable guy I be proud to say I be . I install he cable recently , and we just hit it off . robin that 's right . you fix he cable the other night . ( suspicious ) so you guy be go out a lot ? cable guy not really . that man be devote to you . you know I be probably crossing a boundary tell you this , but he 's really crazy about you . robin do he say that ? cable guy only every five minute . quite frankly , I be sick of hearing it . no , I be just kid with you . ( look she deeply in the eye ) he 's a good man . he mention that you guy have have some problem . robin well , it 's a little complicated . cable guy it always be . you know I ask a woman to marry I once . she say she want to think about it . we agree to take some time apart to re-assess we feeling . to give each other ( mockingly ) space . ( choke up ) well , she be no longer with we . robin I be so sorry . cable guy sometimes you do not have the time you think you have . just promise I you will never go bungee jump in Mexico . robin I promise . cable guy ( embarrassed that he speak too much ) anyway , I have get to go . he quickly depart . we hold on Robin for a beat . 53 ext . robin' apartment - continuous the cable guy smile , proud of himself . 53a ext . renovation site - dusk establish shot of the building . we hear Steven 's cellular phone ring . 53b int . renovation site - dusk - intercut Steven hold on a cellular phone as he walk down the long gothic hallway of a half renovate school house . around he construction worker go about they business . steven hello ? robin ( vo ) I love you . steven Robin ? 54 int . robin' apartment - intercut Robin be on the phone . robin yes . steven ( surprised ) I love you too . robin that be so sweet of you . steven ( play along ) oh well robin you do not have to do that . steven I want to . robin give I free cable . only you would do that . steven you get it ? great . robin yes , you friend come by . steven my friend ? robin the cable guy . I like he . he be kind of goofy , but nice . thank you so much for do that . steven I be glad you like it . I have want to do something nice for you , but I have be try to give you you space . robin well , I do not think we should make rule anymore . steve okay . ( revise 11/13/95 - Blue ) robin call I later if you be around ? steven sure . I will call you as son as I get home . bye . Steven be elate . he can barely contain himself . rick ( o.s. ) Steven , be you ready to go ? Steven turn and see Rick wear a " soundgarden " T-shirt . steven ( pain ) the concert . oh Jesus . rick what ? steven Robin just call . I think we be get back together . rick ( piss ) so you be blow I off ? I can not believe this . steven this be the first time she ask to get back together . rick you do this every time . you only call I after a girl break you heart . " oh Rick can I stay on you couch ? let 's talk all night about how mean girl be . " then as soon as a relationship start again it 's bye - bye Rick . I do not know why I fall for it anymore . 55 omitted 56 ext . steven' apartment - night it be raining . Rick pull up , and drop Steven off . steven can not you get someone else to go ? ( revision end - Blue ) rick maybe I will take my cable guy . Steven get out of the car . Rick drive off . Steven walk up the step to he apartment . the cable guy appear from behind a corner . cable guy pretty smooth work . I set them up , you knock them down . steven what ? cable guy Robin . I get she back for you . I juice she up . steven how do you know we be back together ? cable guy free cable be the ultimate aphrodisiac . steven I do not want you mess around with my life . you have cause enough trouble as it be . cable guy I know . I feel bad about the other night , so I want to make it up to you . so what be you do ? do you want to catch a bite ? Steve look the cable guy in the eye . steven ( sincerely yet curt ) look , I appreciate you help I out with Robin . but you have to understand , I be go to have to work extra hard to not screw this relationship up again . you be a great guy , but I just do not have any room in my life for a new friend . do you understand ? cable guy I appreciate you honesty . you be a real straight shooter . ( revise 11/13/95 - Blue ) steven so , you be okay ? cable guy hey , I be a big boy . it 's no big deal . whatever . steven all right well , take care . cable guy have a good one . the cable guy walk away . Steven stand there feel a little guilty about what he just do . music up . 57 int . steven' apartment - night on the tv - conan o'brien be do a monologue joke about Sam sweet . Steven and Robin be kissing . outside it be raining . there be occasional lightning and thunder . in the middle of kissing , lightning flash . Steven look up and see a flash of the cable guy stare down at they , he face press against the skylight . in the next flash he be go . be it real ? Steven look scared . robin be you alright ? steven I be fine . they go back to kissing . 57a ext . telephone pole / int . robin' office - day the cable guy and Robin be speak on the phone . as the conversation continue we slowly pull back and reveal that the cable guy be stand on the top of a telephone pole , dress as a phone company employee . he speak into a repairman 's phone which be illegally hook into the telephone pole . cable guy hey , it 's chip Douglas . robin chip Douglas ? cable guy you cable guy . ( revision end - Blue ) robin ( surprised to hear from he ) oh , hi . what 's up ? cable guy I feel kind of weird call you . it 's just I be worried about Steven . robin what be it ? cable guy something be not right . he have not be himself lately . have you notice anything ? robin no , thing be actually go really well . cable guy good . robin should I be worried ? cable guy nope . I be probably just be a nervous nellie . let 's just keep we eye open . robin ( nervous ) I will . good-bye . she hang up , then dial Steven 's number . robin Steven bartowsky please . 57b int . steven' secretary's desk - continuous his secretary , joan , answer the phone . joan sorry Robin . he 's in a meeting . 58 int . conference room - day a dozen of the top employee of the company Steven work for be have a meeting . Steven listen intently as a sale manager speak to the group . sale manager the response to we initial offer have be remarkable . a local investment group have decide to buy the entire complex and turn they into rental . in retrospect I must admit we make one big mistake . everyone hang on he every word . sale manager we should have ask for more money . the entire room laugh . Mr. Daniels stand up . mr . daniel I just want to put this out there , stevey . you do it bro . you laid you cajone , and mine , out on the table , and you slam dunked it . Way to go . ( nervously joke ) now watch , they will kick you upstairs ahead of I . all right , in other business as Mr. Daniels speak , Joan try to get Steven 's attention from a crack in the door . joan ( quietly ) pssst . Steven . Steven turn and see she . she wave for he to come to she . he wave she off . joan ( more urgently - quietly ) I really need to speak with you . some people be beginning to notice this exchange . steven ( curtly ) it can wait . right then two police officer storm into the room . Joan stand behind they look concerned . police officer be there a Steven bartowsky here ? steven uh I be Steven bartowsky . what 's go on ? police officer you be under arrest . mr . daniel on what charge ? police officer receipt of steal merchandise . steven what ? I never '' police officer please put we hand on the table . Steven move a sudden move toward the Police Officer . the Officer jab he in the rib with he club . Steven groan , then lean over in pain . police officer please follow my instruction . hand on the table . Steven put he hand on the table . the Officer kick he leg apart , then frisk he in front of everyone . it be pure humiliation . police officer hand behind you back . the other Officer cuff he , then turn he around . police officer # 2 you have the right to remain silent . anything you say may be use against you in a court of law . you have the right to a attorney . if you can not afford a attorney one will be provide for you . do you understand ? steve this be all a mistake . I do not accept any steal goods . just then it hit he . he hear the cable guy 's voice in he head . cable guy ( v.o. ) ( with echo ) you be get thanks quality sound that would make George Lucas cream in he pants '' cream in he pants . he push he toward the door . Steven look at everyone 's horrify face as he be take away . he try to break the tension with a joke . steven hey , relax . I be the one who 's go to jail . nobody laugh . he exit . 59 ext . office tower - moment later Steven be walk to a police car , and put inside . we slowly reveal a man across the street at a auto shop . he be look under the hood of he car . apparently it have break down . the man turn and we see that it be the cable guy covertly watch Steven 's humiliation . as the policeman push Steven into the car he look at the cable guy and touch he nose . the cable guy touch he nose . 60 int . police station - later Steven be chain to a bench . he be speak to he father earl , a stout man of sixty , and he lawyer . earl I can not believe you do this . steven I do not do anything . my cable guy give I all that stuff as a present . earl a stereo system and a big screen tv as a present ? you expect I to believe that ? you know you be kill you mother with this . steven I swear it 's true . earl why would you accept such extravagant gift ? ( revise 11/13/95 - Blue ) steven I do not know . I should not have . earl what be really go on here Steven ? be you on something ? steven I be fine ! I do not do anything ! please call my cable guy , he name be Ernie Douglas . lawyer Steven , the police look into it , nobody name Ernie Douglas work for ' the cable company . ' earl you want to tell we the truth now steven ( fall apart ) that 's get to be a mistake . oh , this be not happen . earl yes it be , and it 's kill you mother . do you deliberately want to ruin we fortieth anniversary party on Monday , Steven ? steven yeah , dad , I do . it 's all a big plan . ( to the lawyer ) when can you get I out of here ? lawyer unfortunately it 's too late to get a bail hearing today . you be go to have to spend the weekend in county lock up . steven the entire weekend ? 61 omitted ( revision end - Blue ) 62 int . prison - later Steven be now wear prison blue . he hold a pillow and a set of sheet as he walk down the long corridor to he cell . line each side be cell fill with angry prisoner who throw thing at Steven , and taunt he as he walk by . it be a nightmare . prisoner # 1 New meat ! look at the pretty boy ! prisoner # 2 nobody touch he , he 's mine ! you touch he , you be dead ! prisoner # 3 be baby scared ? do not cry baby ! they all laugh and scream at he until he reach he cell . a guard open the door . Steven enter he cell . he turn and inside be a angry look prisoner . the door be lock behind he . angry prisoner ooh , look like I win the lottery . 63 omitted 64 int . visitors room - morning a guard walk Steven in . his lawyer sit on the other side of the glass with he back to Steven . Steven sit down and pick up the phone , excited to hear any news . steven what do you hear ? what do you hear ? the man turn around . it be not Steven 's lawyer , it be the cable guy dress in a expensive suit . cable guy hello Steven . I come as soon as I hear . Steven 's head sink . steven who be you ?! what 's you real name ?! cable guy so many question . steven why be you do this to I ? cable guy I do not do this to you , you do this to you . you need to learn who you friend be . steven you set I up . cable guy I teach you a lesson . I can be you best friend , or you worst enemy . I hope you will choose the latter I mean , the former . you know what I mean . steven I will never be you friend . you need help . the cable guy absorb the blow , then go on the offensive . cable guy right now I think you be the one who need help . I be here to give you comfort . the cable guy hut he hand up to the glass . cable guy come on , touch it . Steven just stare at he . cable guy come on . you need human contact . touch it . steven I will not touch it . the cable guy stand up , and begin unbuttone he shirt . steven what be you do ? stop it . Steven look around frantically . cable guy I know how you be feel right now . the cable guy push he naked breast against the glass . other prisoner be beginning to stare . steven ( smack the glass ) stop it ! stop it ! cable guy I be here for you . steven ( smack the glass three time ) get off there ! be you try to get I kill ? the cable guy begin to laugh . cable guy ( as he button he shirt ) I be just mess with you mind . that be from ' Midnight Express . ' awesome film . Oliver Stone win the Academy Award for the screenplay . steven Guard ! Guard ! cable guy do not you worry about Robin , I will make sure she 's well take care of . steven you go near she , I will kill you . Steven lunge at the glass . Steven 's guard pull Steven out of the room toward the exit . steven hey , this be the guy who frame I ! the cable guy walk to he door . he turn to the guard at the door . cable guy ( warmly ) Louis , how would you like that tyson fight on pay per View ? I tell you it 's more fun when it 's free per View . they both laugh . the door close behind they . 65 ext . outdoor caf - day the cable guy be sit at a table wear a walkman . people look at he funny as he speak out loud to he lisp tape . ( revision 11/13/95 - Blue ) cable guy ( over-pronouncing ) Sea shell . Sea shell . salmon . salmon . silverware . silverware . suspicious . suspicious . sensational . sensational . Robin be bring over to the table by a hostess . the cable guy take off he walkman , and stand up to be polite . he sit down in perfect synch with she . robin hello . cable guy hello . I be sorry we have to meet under this circumstance . robin I too . believe I . cable guy I know we do not know each other very well , but we do have one thing in common , we concern for Steven . robin well , you be right . something 's happen with he and he will not even acknowledge it . cable guy if he refuse to admit he have a problem , we may have to let he hit bottom . he 's gonna need some tough love . robin ( tentatively ) you know he lawyer say that nobody name Ernie Douglas work for the cable company . cable guy ( chuckle ) do he do a name search ? ' Cause I work under a pseudonym so the customer will not harass I at home . kind of like a stripper . my real name be Larry , Larry tate . robin and he 's say he receive all the stereo equipment from you . cable guy ( I know , and I be not mad . he 's be cornere , so he 's tell some wife tale . he do not mean to hurt I . robin I just feel like I trigger this with he . it 's not that I do not want to get marry , it 's just I feel like he want to get marry just to get marry . I do not deal well with pressure . cable guy hey , welcome to the human race . we be not perfect . we all think we have to look like a ' baywatch ' babe and be as witty as ' Seinfeld . ' give yourself a break . robin God I could go for turkey and mashed potato now . cable guy Comfort food . bring it on . robin exactly . she laugh . cable guy you have get a great laugh . can I make a small request ? I would like to hear it a little more often . she blushes . 66 int . prison administration - next day on the tv - hard copy 's barry nolan , sit behind he desk give a news update . barry nolan the Sam sweet trial have be throw into chaos as a result of a videotape make a month after the kill . in this " hard copy " exclusive a apparently intoxicate Sam sweet put on a macabre show for he friend at a party . the judge have not decide whether this tape be admissible as evidence . we see a videotape of Sam sweet at a party . the date and time be see in the corner . Sam stand next to the corner of a wall which be completely cover with a mirror . Sam gesture with a beer bottle as he look at he reflection in the mirror . SAM sweet ( to camera ) hey everyone . look it 's I and ( gesture to he reflection ) my brother Stan . ( wave at reflection ) hi Stan . it 's so nice to see you . how be you feel ? ( to camera ) look , he 's alive . Sam punch the mirror , shatter it . SAM sweet ( angry ) now he 's dead . realizing he 's reveal too much , he force a smile . SAM sweet what ? I be just goof around . we pull back and reveal a group of police officer watch this on television . we pan over to Steven 's father earl pay bail . steven I be sorry dad . earl I do not want to hear it . do you know the pain you out you mother through ? you be lucky she do not die of a heart attack . steven I do not do anything . earl just like you say you do not steal that ' X - Men ' comic book when you be eight . then I find it in you underwear drawer . steven will you ever stop mention that ? earl this cost I a lot of money . you jump bail , and I swear I will hire a bounty hunter to hunt you down . 67 int . steven' apartment - day Steven walk into he apartment , exhaust from he jail experience . he walk into the live room and see several new frame on the wall . they be four foot blow up of Polaroid photograph of Steven with he arm around the cable guy at the karaoke jam . the photo have be tinted in a stylish fashion . Steven angrily run to the wall and take they down . 68 omitted 69 ext . steven' parent ' home - night Steven and Robin be walk up the stair to the front door . they be dress up for he parent ' anniversary party . ( revision end - Blue ) robin be you sure you be okay ? steven I be fine . robin you be not fine . when you say you be fine , I know you be not fine . steven I just want to get this over with so I can go home and get some rest . robin I want you to know I invite you friend . he be concerned about you . steven great . I feel . bad . I have be kind of blow Rick off lately . he ring the doorbell . robin not Rick . the door open . stand there , dress to kill , be the cable guy . cable guy you can only come in if you come to rage . Steven be shocked . Robin walk in . when Steven walk in , the cable guy stop he . cable guy ( to Robin ) be this guy cool ? ( to Steven ) I be just josh . come on in . they walk inside . 70 int . steven' father' home Steven turn to Robin . steven ( enraged ) what be he do here ? robin I invite he . steven when do you invite he ? robin at lunch the other day . steven at lunch ? you have lunch with he ? the cable guy walk over . robin hello . you look great . she give he a peck on the cheek . Steven wince . cable guy and you be a vision . hello Steven . you be look rest . steven come here . he pull the cable guy aside . cable guy Steven , what 's with you tonight ? I be get some really weird energy from you . steven maybe it 's because I just get out of prison , where you send I . I should just drag you to the police right now . cable guy you can if you like , but I would hate to have to show Robin this . he take out a Polaroid of Steven kissing the hooker . steven you son of a bitch . the cable gut quickly put it away . cable guy come on Steven , let 's just have a good time tonight . ( revise 11/13/95 - Blue ) Robin , Earl and Steven 's mother walk over . earl Steven , you mother and I have a long talk with you friend Larry here when he come over to screw in the cable . steven' mother ( to the cable guy ) thank you again for that . earl ( beat ) we owe you a apology . I do not realize the seriousness of you problem . you be obviously go through some kind of personal hell and I need to be more understanding . we do not get involved with thing like that when I be you age . Steven can not figure out what kind of lie the cable guy have tell they . earl I know we have not be there for you lately but we be go to see you through this , ' cause we be a family . I love you . he give he a big hug . Steven grimace . steven' mother you have get a good friend here . they walk into the next room where the entire family be gather for pre-dinner cocktail . Steven 's brother pete walk over to Steven . he carry a baby in a pouch . pete ( wink ) hey buddy , we be with you . keep you chin up . 71 int . dine room - later as the cable guy charm Steven 's family we pan across all of the guest laugh , and enjoy dinner . cable guy so Steven be carry this battle ax , and he 's chase I , swinging like a mad man . I be yell at he , 'hey , it 's just a show ! ' ( revision end - Blue ) steven' sister he always take thing too seriously . cable guy tell I something I do not know . this guy almost take my head off . everybody laugh . the camera move to Steven . he stare at the cable guy , he eye fill with rage . steven' p.o.v. the cable guy be talk and eat in slow-motion . on steven - watch he . he be in normal motion . on the cable guy - eat in slow -motion on steven - get very irritate . steven what be you do ? on the cable guy as he talk we realize he have not be in slow motion , he 's just be pretend he 's in slow motion . cable guy it 's from " goodfella . " remember the intro scene at the bar . I be johnny two Times . he move in slow motion some more . everyone laugh . tony , Steven 's six year old nephew , run to the cable guy with a toy gun . tony / cable guy pow , pow , pow . you be under arrest . everyone laugh . the cable guy start run around the table . tony make chase , laugh all the way . cable guy you will never catch I copper . the cable guy stop , grab a piece of asparagus and put it between he lip and nose , and pretend it 's a moustache . cable guy I be gonna wear a disguise . Steven look at the cable guy and remember something . steven' p.o.v . - he see the cable guy . the artist 's rendering of the man who beat up Robin 's date appear in front of the cable guy 's face . Steven realize that they be the same person . Steven get a frighten look on he face . the kid point he gun at the cable guy and yell " pow . " the cable guy drop to the floor like he 's be shot . cable guy oh , you get I . the cable guy play dead . the kid walk over to he . when he get close , the cable guy lunge to grab he . cable guy ( devil voice ) aaah !!! nobody mess with I and life ! the kid scream with laughter and run away . the cable guy chase he around the table and out of the room . Steven instantly fear for tony 's safety . he follow they . 72-75 omitted 75a int . library - a moment later Steven walk around look for tony . suddenly from behind a couch tony and the cable guy pop out . tony / cable guy booo ! Steven fly back , scared out of he wit . tony and the cable guy start laugh hysterically . they have a grand 'ol time enjoy they little prank . cable guy oh man , you should have see you face . it be classic . steven very funny . tony , go to you mother ! tony immediately start cry . he leave . cable guy look what you have do . steven I know you beat up Robin 's date . the cable guy 's laughter stop on a dime . cable guy I guess I do what you do not have the gut to do . steven you stay away from Robin . cable guy ( disturb ) do not mess with I . I be feel like a part of the family , and I like it . you should try it sometime . Steven 's mother enter . steven' mother ( look at they ) my , you two look like brother . come on back , we be all have coffee in the live room . cable guy quickly start walk back to the dining room . cable guy ( happily ) be you guy try to fatten I up ? ' Cause if you be , you be do a damn good job of it . he laugh , and exit . Steven slowly follow . 76-78 omitted 79 int . live area - later everyone be sit around have coffee . the cable guy be write word on tear up piece of paper . cable guy you guy have never play " porno password ? " earl no , but I like the sound of it . cable guy it 's the adult version of the popular television game show . Robin you be on my team . Steven , you be with mom . ( to everyone else ) you be the audience . the cable guy sit next to Robin . Steven and he mother sit across from they . the cable guy look at the word , then show it to the family so none of the contestant can see it . he whisper it in Steven 's ear . cable guy ( whisper ) the password be vagina . Steven wince . steven I really do not want to play this game . ( look to he mother ) woman . woman . steven' mother uh man ? steven no . cable guy ( to Robin ) pe-nis . pe-nis . pe-nis . Robin concentrate hard , but she can not figure it out . cable guy peeee-nis . peeee-nis . robin vagina ? cable guy ( pump he fist ) yes ! he high fives Robin . everyone laugh . earl ( blurt out ) I think it be go to be schlong ! ( cover he mouth - embarrassed ) whoops . everyone laugh . they be all have a great time , except Steven . the cable guy look at the next word , show it to the family privately , then whipser to Steven . cable guy the password be nipple . steven can I pass ? earl come on Steven , do not be a stick in the mud . steven breast . breast . steven' mother tit ? everyone laugh . Steven 's face be red . cable guy hard ( gesture like there be another word after it ) hard robin erection ? everyone laugh . Steven look like he might kill the cable guy . steven Center . Center . steven' mother nipple ? everyone cheer . steven' mother I can not believe I get it . I be go to say areola . everyone laugh except Steven , who be mortify . cable guy I wish you do , ' cause we would be ahead . the cable guy show the word to everyone , then whisper in Steven 's ear . cable guy the password be I be not sure how to pronounce this , it 's either clitoris , or clit-oris . steven ( snap ) I can not say that to my mother ! earl hey , she 's a grow woman . she can handle it . robin come on Steven . we be just have fun . steven no , I have have enough . I can not do this . this guy be ruin my life , I will not sit here and play x-rate party game with he . earl Steven , I really think you be over - reacting . steven I be not over-react . you be all be fool by this guy ! he 's a felon for Christ sake ! ( to the cable guy ) I hate you ! get out of my life ! cable guy I be sorry everyone . if I be a nuisance , I will leave . I would never stay where I be not want . robin ( to the cable guy ) you be not a nuisance . please do not go . ( to Steven ) Steven , you be be a asshole . earl yeah , Steven it seem like you be the one with the problem . steven what ? you have no idea what this guy be really like . cable guy I will just go . steven see what I mean ! cable guy Steven , what 's with you tonight ? ( get close to Steven and whisper ) Robin show I that birthmark on she leave shoulder . it 's very sexy . Steven punch the cable guy in the facem send he to the floor . all of the woman , include Robin run to help he . robin ( to Steven ) I can not believe you . the cable guy get up . cable guy I be fine . thank you for a delightful evening . ( to Steven ) I forgive you . he exit . everyone look at Steven like he be the devil . steven you do not understand . everyone walk away from Steven . the party be over . 80 ext . driveway - later Robin be venting she anger at Steven as they walk to the car . robin I just think you be completely out of line . I do not know what 's happen to you this day . Steven get feed up . steven Robin , this guy be a sociopath . he leave message on my machine night and day . he show up wherever I go . he will not leave I alone . robin sound familiar . steven you know he be the one who beat up you date at that restaurant . that 's right . and he give you the free cable . it be not I . robin but you take the credit for it ? steven that 's what he want . he be manipulate I . it feel so good to be honest about this . we be finally communicate . I have be want to tell you for so long , but he 's be blackmail I . robin blackmail you ? how ? steven with a photograph . robin of what ? steven I with a ... prostitute . robin what ?! steven he set it up . he invite this woman to my party and do not tell I she be a prostitute . I be so glad we can talk about this . robin when do you have a party ? steven when we be not communicate . I invite you . you be out on a date . robin and you be with a prostitute . steven she seduce I . that 's what they do . they be professional . and I do not even know she be a prostitute . robin so that make it better ? steven that 's not the point . the point be this guy have be set I up . he 's responsible . robin he do not have sex with a whore . you do . steven Robin you do not -- robin I do not want to hear it . break up be the best thing we ever do . you have some serious problem , and it 's not my responsibility to help you . I be only responsible for my own happiness . steven where do that come from ? robin it be Jerry springer 's " final think . " she exit . 80a int . newsroom - night Rick be run to a editing bay . Steven follow he . steven I be sorry I have be blow you off . rick you bet you ass you have be blow I off . steven it 's just , this guy be really do a number on I . rick I tell you not to hang out with he . steven you be the one who tell I to offer he money so I could get free cable . rick you do not tell I he be a psychopath . ( beat ) I will see if I can get my friend in research to track he down . what 's he name again ? steven Ernie Douglas . rick Ernie Douglas ? Ernie Douglas ? why do that sound so familiar ? 81 int . steven' office - next day Steven 's secretary Joan be watch a news report about the Sam sweet trial on a mini television . on the tv - a female prosecutor gesture with a shotgun as she question a policeman . Joan change channel . the image change to larry king interview alan dershowitz regard " the abuse excuse . " back to scene Steven walk over to Joan . steven ( to he secretary ) do anyone notice I be late ? joan what be you talk about , you have be here for a hour . steven thank you . Steven walk to he office . 81a int . steven' office - continuous Steven walk behind he desk . he notice something which disturb he . his computer be on . he click a button and a message come on the screen . on the screen - " good morning steven . have a wonderful day . herex a extra special surprise . " then a image come on the screen . it be black and white surveillance video , digitize to the computer format . the video be of Robin and Steven talk . it be the conversation they have before they watch " sleepless in Seattle . " steven work 's good . robin how 's hal ? steven do not get I start . that guy have no vision . it 's like work for Mr. magoo . he 's just worthless . robin it 's just great that you be get to do it . it 's a real step up . steven I know . now if only someone at corporate smarten up enough to dump hal , then I could really get some stuff do . the sccene start again . it be on a loop . Steven be aghast . he look up and see the scene be play on every computer in the office . he get a panicked look on he face . be hal see this ? he run out of he office to prevent hal from view this . 81b office bullpen - continuous Steven run to the edge of the stair and look down . steven' p.o.v . - he see hal downstairs , walk into he office . back to steven - he run down the stair towards hal 's office as fast as he can . 81c int . hal' office Steven walk in . hal be sit behind he desk stare angrily at the computer . he look up and see Steven . hal do not worry . I do not see it --- ' cause I have no vision . Steven know what 's come . 82 omitted 82a omitted 82b omitted 82c int . parking garage - later Steven walk to he car carry a box fill with he belonging . he have be fire . suddenly a car alarm beep . it 's headlight flash . then another , and another . soon he be surround by scream car alarm , and flash headlight . he look around in fear . steven chip ! chip , this be not funny ! where be you ?!!! suddenly they all stop simultaneously , and then the only sound be a miniacle laugh echoing through the garage . Steven run to he car , and get in . he drive up the ramp in a panic . from out of nowhere the cable guy step into the beam of he headlight . he can not stop in time . the cable guy be throw into the air , then land on the back of the roof of the car . before he fall off he grab on to the bar of the luggage rack . Steven look through he rear view window and see the cable guy stare at he . as Steven continue to drive the cable guy climb on to the roof of the car , then jump on the hood , and stare at Steven through the windshield . Steven swerve around , almost lose control of the car . steven leave I alone ! I have no job , no girlfriend , no family anymore ! it 's over ! you win ! ( revise 11/13/95 - Blue ) cable guy ( menacingly ) oh no . it 's not over . it 's just gettin ' start . he turn a corner very sharply throw the cable guy off he car . the cable guy fall to the ground , roll many time , then leap to he foot use the momentum of the roll , and run off , scamper like a supernatural bug . 83-94 omitted 95 omitted 95a int . newsroom - night on the tv - the local news . MARK thompson the jury have notify the judge that they be very close to reach a verdict , and would like to keep deliberate into the evening hour . Rick be sit at he desk . a female researcher walk over , and sit down . researcher there be five people name Ernie Douglas in this county . two be African american . one be eighty - five year old . one be eleven year old , and the last one be in a wheelchair . rick so we be nowhere . Ernie Douglas ? Ernie Douglas ? she begin tapping she foot nervously . rick could you stop that ? researcher do not snap at I . I be do this as a favor . he continue stare at she two - tone wing tip style shoe . rick ( have a epiphany ) wait , could you start that again ? start tapping you foot again . she begin tapping . Rick begin hum the theme to " my Three son . " she join he . they sing louder and louder . they have break the code . ( revision end - Blue ) 96 int . steven' kitchen - night the phone ring . Steven run in the front door , and pick up the phone . steven hello . rick ( vo ) bingo . " my Three son . " steven chip and Ernie Douglas . 97 int . newsroom - continuous - intercut Rick sit at he desk . the researcher be at he side . rick I have get a list of every cable installer fire in the last four year . every one of this guy have the same physical description as we friend . ( read from the list ) Murray slaughter , Brendan walsh , Sam malone , Alex reiger . there be even a guy who like to be call ' the big ragu . ' 97aa int . steven' live room - continuous Steven walk in and look for the cable guy 's hide camera as he speak on the phone . steven carmine from " laverne and shirley . " rick that 's so sad that you know that . anyway , the cable company in town fire a guy six month ago name Darren Stevens . he steal the truck and disappear . that 's we guy . Steven find a small camera in one of the television speaker . he rip it out . steven so he do not even work for the cable company ? 97a int . steven' apartment - night Quick cut of Steven bolt door , and lock window . rick ( vo ) he be fire for beat up a customer who yell at he for be late . a company in Denver think they might have a lead on who he really be . if I be you I would lock down tonight . I will call you when I get some more info . 98 int . steven' bedroom - night Steven be watch television . he struggle to stay awake . on the tv - Court tv . the prosecutor in the Sam sweet trial be speak . prosecutor ( on tv ) do not let you memory of this cute twin distract you from the fact that this funny star of a situation comedy kill he own brother in cold blood , then call the police and say he be kill by a asian gang . there be no laugh - track on that night . the prosecutor 's word turn into gibberish as Steven 's eye go heavy and he fall asleep . 99 on steven - he be asleep he slowly wake up . the gibberish turn into clearly speak word , only this time the voice sound more familiar . on the tv - we see the Sam sweet trial . a prosecutor make a passionate final summation . we reveal that it be the cable guy . cable guy this man kill he own brother . some people do not even have a brother ... the camera push in on the cable guy 's face . he look to camera . cable guy ... do they Steven ? be you listen to I ? do not shut it off . do not shut it -- on steven - he shut off the tv , and walk out of the room . 100 int . steven' hallway - continuous the entire apartment appear much larger . Steven walk down the hallway . he look into the live room and see Rick . rick why do you keep icing I man ? 100a int . elongated bathroom - continuous he open up a door and see a elongate version of he bathroom . the shower be steaming . the two eight year old sweet twin stand in front of it look very spooky . he quickly close the door . 100b int . hallway - continuous he continue down the hallway and open the door to the dining room , but when he open it he see Robin 's bedroom . 100c int . roin' bedroom - continuous Robin be in bed . a man wear a cable installer 's uniform be smother she with a pillow . the man turn -- it be Steven . he quickly close the door . 100d int . hallway - continuous he hear someone pound on the front door . he open the door . nobody be there . then the cable guy pop into frame hold a cut cord . cable guy you owe I ! Steven slam the door . then look through the peep hole . 101 p.o.v. through the peephole the cable guy begin to run full speed at the door . as he do he get bigger and bigger , and more distort as he come closer to the peephole . bang ! he hit the door . then disappear from frame . a moment later he stumble back into frame , then walk to the far end of the hall , and run again to the door even faster . bang ! he stagger back into position again . he run toward the door . 102 int . steven' hallway - continuous Steven run away from the front door . the door smashes open , and the cable guy run after he . Steven run away down the hallway . the hallway appear to be a mile long . he try to run fast but appear to move in almost slow motion . every time he look over he shoulder he see the cable guy run at a alarmingly fast rate of speed toward he , grunt like a wolf . he look back another time and the cable guy be go . he keep run , and the hallway start get smaller and smaller , till he can barely fit through . he become trap at the end of the hall . arm come out of the window behind he and grab he . fifty cable guy face pop out of the wall on both side . cable guy I just want to hang out . no big deal . Steven break free of the hand and run into he live room . 103 omitted 104 int . live room - continuous Steven run in . the television be on . he sit on the edge of the couch not sure what to do . he put he head down . when he look up , he see the cable guy 's face on the television set . the cable guy 's face stretch out from the television , get larger and larger . cable guy Steven , you be just like I . we be cut from the same cloth . we be one and the same ! then it open its mouth , and swallow Steven pull he into the television . 105 int . steven' live room - night Steven wake up in a cold sweat . steven ( panting ) oh my god . she 's right . I be a smotherer . I be just like he . the phone ring . steven hello . cable guy ( vo ) it do not have to come to this Steven . we could have be blood brother . steven Rick tell I you be fire from the cable company . you be not even a real cable guy . 106 int . somewhere - continuous Close up of the cable guy 's face . cable guy do you feel good now that you have hurt I ? well now I be go to have to hurt you . I be go to take away what you hold dearest in the world . steven ( vo ) I swear to God , if you touch -- cable guy could you hold on a second , I have get call wait . it will just be a sec . he click over . Steven just sit there , wait . wait some more . then the cable guy click back . cable guy sorry about that . where be I ? oh yeah . you be go to feel my wrath . 107 int . steven' bedroom - continuous steven ( plead ) do not do this . there must be some way for we to work this out . 108 int . somewhere - continuous cable guy I wish there be . ( lose it ) oh Steven , I be just so tired . so very tired . steven let 's talk in person . where be you ? ( revise 11/13/95 - Blue ) cable guy I be close . so very close . the camera rotate and reveal that the cable guy be actually lie down . then the camera rise up and reveal that the cable guy be lie in the floorboard right underneath Steven . a single beam of light shine across he face . as he speak a large daddy long leg spider crawl across he face . he never acknowledge it . cable guy you know , I do not think you be right for Robin . she need someone who can be sensitive to she need . someone who understand she soul . steven you stay away from she . cable guy be not we the control freak . look like you be start to sweat . steven I get the camera . you can not see I . Steven begin to pick he face . cable guy oh yeah ? then why be you pick you face ? Steven throw the phone . when it land we see the speaker phone light be on . he begin look for the camera . he smashes he tv . jump cut - Steven tear through everything in he apartment . cable guy you be get closer . Steven overturn a CD rack . cable guy pity , such a nice CD rack . you know sometimes the answer be right under you nose . Steven llok at the floorboard , then run out of the room , and return a moment later with a ax . he start chopping at the floorboard , tear the out . he look down into the hole , he see nothing . then a hand grab he by the shirt and pull he face into the space in the floor . the cable guy 's face appear in front of he , scream like a mad man . he lick Steven 's face quickly , then disappear back into the hole . Steven fall back . he hear the cable guy scuttle away . Steven stick he head back down into the hole only to see the dust in the floorboard swirl in the aftermath of the cable guy 's exit . he hear the cable guy crawl through the wall above he , then through the side wall , and away into the distance . when it clear he discover a small makeshift observation room have be set up in the crawlspace . there be a few photo paste to the floorboard . one show the cable guy as a child stand next to he mother . Steven 's picture have be paste into that photo make he look like the cable guy 's brother . the only other photo be of Jerry springer . Steven see a small television monitor and a set of headphone from which the cable guy have be watch he . he look at a cellular phone . every speed dial on the back of the phone say " Steven " next to it . Steven get up , and run out of he front door . 108a ext . steven' apartment build - night it be raining lightly outside . Steven be in he car . he pull away quickly . 109 int . rick's newsroom - night Rick sit at he desk . the phone ring . rick hello . 109aa int . moving vehicle - night Super Close up - what the audience will think be Steven 's mouth ( actually the cable guy ) speak on a cellular phone . steven hey Rick . I need to meet with you right away . I have get some information about this crazy cable guy . rick I too . I have get the whole story . steven that 's great . let 's meet at the old school at nine-thirty . rick why all the way out there ? steven I think he 's be follow I . do not be late , buddy . 109 ab ext . robin' apartment - night Steven 's car screech to a stop . he run up to Robin 's door and start knock . her female neighboor open she door . steven be home ! be home ! female neighboor go away ! I remember you . you be she obsessive boyfriend . she say you might come here . I be call the police . she closer she door . he run off . 109a ext . half renovated school - night Rick drive up , then walk into the building . 110 int . half renovated school - continuous Rick walk through the school look for Steven . rick Steven ? Steven ? in the distance he see Steven stand in the shadow . steven hey Rick . I be really excited to hear what you find out about this nut . rick I hit the Holy grail . this guy be deeply troubled . only child . his mother be arrest for prostitution , and phone solicitation . apparently she be some phone sex pioneer . steven no way . rick and get this , he be discharge from the Marines . he get mad at he sergeant so he send a weapon silo to defcon two use a Radio shack computer . and that 's not the half of it . as Rick get closer Steven step forward out of the shadow , and we reveal that it be not Steven , but the cable guy , dress like Steven , do a perfect impression ( actually the real voice of Steven looped into the cable guy 's mouth - with a very slight lisp ) . cable guy really ? tell I more . Rick 's face turn white . he stumble backwards , try to get away . cable guy I be very interested in learn everything I can about that wack out cable installer . he turn and run . he be fifteen foot away from the cable guy . the camera push in on the cable guy . he pull out a staple gun , and fire . we hear but do not see Rick yelp , and fall . cable guy it sound like he might hurt somebody . 110a int . steven be car - night Steven be drive in he car . his cellular phone ring . he pick it up . steven ( panicked ) hello . cable guy ( vo ) ( talk like a game show host ) nosey friend for two hundred . this suppose pal of Steven 's be currently reside in the intensive care unit of good samaritan Hospital . steven Rick . cable guy ( vo ) I be sorry , you do not answer in the form of a question . he hang up . 111 omitted 111a ext . hospital - night Steven 's car pull up . he get out , and run toward the hospital . 112 int . hospital - night Steven fly through the swinging door , and run through the hallway of the hospital . he walk up to a doctor . steven ( rapid fire ) Rick legatos . he 's a friend of mine . where be he ? doctor room 205 . steven can I see he ? doctor yes . but he can not speak . he 's in shock . 113 int . hospital room - moment later Steven enter the room . the camera pull back to reveal Rick lay in full traction , face down , he rear end heavily bandage . he be unconscious . Steven tentatively walk over to Rick 's rear end . he pull back a small portion of the bandage and see that he butt be cover with staple . the staple form the shape of a television with a antenna . Inside the tv be the word " ring . " steve ( perplex ) Ring ? the phone ring . Steven jump , then pick up the phone . steven hello . cable guy ( vo ) poor Rick . seem he have a little accident with the business end of a staple gun . ( revision end - Blue ) steven you be not go to get away with this . cable guy the question be , be you go to get away with it ? apparently there be a anonymous tip place to the police lead they to a staple gun at the crime scene with you fingerprint all over it . robin ( vo ) all right , I be ready . 114-6 omitted ( now a part of scene 106 ) 116a int . robin' apartment - continuous - intercut we reveal that the cable guy be at Robin 's apartment . they be get ready to go out . cable guy ( non psychotic voice ) be right there . steven be that Robin ? cable guy ( psychotic again ) I have get to go . we be go to take a romantic stroll on the information superhighway . Steven drop the phone , and run out of the room . 116b int . hospital hallway - continuous Steven run down the hall to the elevator . before he reach it the door open , and the two policeman who arrest he at work walk out . Steven quickly turn leave , but the policeman see he , and make chase . officer hey , hold it ! 116c ext . hospital - night Steven run out of the hospital . the two policeman run after he , about twenty foot behind . Steven jump in he car , and take off . the police follow in they car . ( revise 11/13/95 - Blue ) 116D ext . CITY STREET - night Steven 's car turn a corner , and fly down a busy boulevard . a second later the police car follow with siren blaring . 116e ext . satellite dish - night the cable guy and Robin be at the dish . he give she the same tour he give Steven earlier in the film . cable guy ... it all start in lansford , Pennsylvania where panther Valley Television , with the assistance of jerrod electronics , create the first cable television system . 116f ext . CITY STREET - night the chase continue . 116g ext . satellite dish - night the cable guy and Robin be now stand on the edge of the dish . cable guy the future be now . soon every american home will integrate they television , phone , and computer . you will be able to visit the Louvre on one channel , and watch female mud wrestle on another . you can do you shopping at home , or play a game of mortal kombat with a friend in Vietnam . 117 ext . CITY STREET - night the chase continue . Steven slam on the gas , until he be drive one- hundred mile - per-hour . he weave in and out of traffic , run stop light , and avoid obstacle . the police car disappear behind he . on a dime , Steven turn leave onto a residential street and shut off he light . a moment later all of the police car pass by . Steven pull out and head the other way . 117a ext . satellite dish - night robin this be really fascinating , but I really think we ought to go now . cable guy I know you would appreciate it . I take Steven here once , and he do not give a rat ass about my interest . robin I be worried about Steven . cable guy maybe Steven should be worried about you . ( beat ) so , where be I ? 118 omitted ( now part of scene 109ab ) 119 omitted 120 omitted 121 omitted 122 ext . dirt road - night Steven drive he car up the muddy dirt road . it get stick in the mud . he get out of the car , and begin walk to the satellite dish which be surround by a chain link fence . he hear the sound of horse hoof come closer , and closer . the he see a headless man on a horse ride straight toward the fence . the horse have the coat of arm from medieval Times . when he reach it he smashes off the chain with a sword , then ride through . the horse rear back on its hind leg . the horse run full speed directly at Steven . at the last possible moment the horse jump over Steven . when the horse stop , the cable guy pop he head through the top of he coat . cable guy ( chuckle ) ichabod crane ! the Disney Channel show it all last month . the cable guy ride toward he again . cable guy ( like the Vegas announcer ) let 's get ready to ruuuuuummmmbbble !!!! ( revision end - Blue ) this time when he get near Steven , he leap off the horse , onto he . they both slam into a puddle of mud . the cable guy punch he in the stomach , and then the face . steven where 's Robin ?! cable guy this be not about Robin , this be about you and I . Steven charge directly at the cable guy . steven where 's Robin ?!!! Steven tackle he to the ground , and begin hit he . they be both cover in mud like warrior from the rain forest . Steven grab a large rock and hold it over he head . steven tell I ! cable guy ( nonchalantly ) I be sorry , I do not catch the question ? Steven bring down the rock . at the last moment the cable guy move he head . the rock slam into the ground . cable guy Steven you have change . ( beat - then impressed ) I like it . the cable guy convulse he body , push Steven off he . they wrestle on the ground . the cable guy get on top of Steven , then pull a power drill out of he belt and turn it on . cable guy I think it 's time to make you cable ready . he slowly bring the drill down to Steven . Steven blindly reach behind he . he grasp a large branch and bat the cable guy off he . the cable guy grab a large tree brance and run towards Steven . they begin fight in a fashion which mirror they medieval Times swordfight . cable guy last time we fight I let you win ! best two out of three ! music up : ominous version of the ' Star Trek ' battle music . cable guy ( craze ) you treat I like the tv ! you use I , but you can not live without I ! the cable guy smashes Steven in the knee with he branch . cable guy you can not shut I off with you remote control !!!! I be not like Robin and Rick and mommy and daddy and brother and sister and cousin -- Steven smashes he in the head with the branch . steven I get the point . the cable guy go down . he appear to be unconscious . robin ( in the distance ) Steven . he look to the dish , but can not see she . 123 ext . satellite dish - moment later Steven climb over the edge into the dish . below he he see that the bottom of the dish be fill with several foot of rain water . Three wire go from the point on the edge of the dish , and meet at a point at the center of the satellite , thirty foot above the floor of the dish . robin be hang by she bound hand from the center of where that wire meet . Steven climb down towrd the bottom of the dish . robin help I Steven ! in the background we see the blurry image of the cable guy climb through a entry hatch at the top of the dish . Robin 's eye fill with terror . robin Steven ! look out ! cable guy ( mimic she ) yeah Steven . look out ! the cable guy leap out of the hatch like a jack - in- the-box . he slide down the dish , knock Steven down . the two tumble down the slope of the dish , and tumble all the way down into the water . cable guy ( sweetly , like a girl ) I have miss you . the cable guy immediately punch Steven , send he back into the water . the cable guy dive on top of he . a moment later the cable guy pull Steven up , then grab he collar and speak right into he face . cable guy ( dramatically ) " dry land be not a myth , I have see it . " Kevin costner from waterworld . I do not know what the fuss be about , the movie rule , I see it six time . he pull Steven under the water , and try to hold he there . he pull he up after a few moment . cable guy be not it weird that we 'vve wound up in this position ? he push he under the water again . after a moment he pull he back up . Steven gasp for air . cable guy who would have thunk it ? enrage , Steven punch he in the mouth with such tremendous force that it appear to have knock he jaw out of alignment . cable guy ( without any lisp ) you be gonna have to do better than that steven. ( realize he lisp be go ) Steven . hey , my lisp be go . Steven hit he again , this time on the other side of the face . cable guy ( lisping again ) you stupid son of a bitch . the cable guy fall unconscious . robin Steven ! Steven run to she . 124 ext . satellite dish - later he run to the side of the dish . he realize he must climb up to release she . he climb onto the wire and begin tightrope walk toward she . he walk very slowly , almost lose he balance several time . steven hang on . close on : the opposite wire . the cable guy 's muddy hand slam onto it . he pull himself up . cable guy ( laugh maniacally ) I know what you say . who do this guy think he be , Jason ? steven stay away from she ! suddenly , the cable guy do a front flip , and land perfectly on the wire . cable guy I see that in trapeze , star tony curtis . he be just on " life-style of the Rich and famous . " he still look terrific . Steven be about ten foot from the dangle Robin , but the reverberation from the cable guy 's landing make Steven lose he balance . he fall over , but catch ont the wire . he be leave hang there . the cable guy see this , and begin to run incredibly fast toward Robin . cable guy and the race be on . he do a cartwheel on the strut , hop on one leg , then take off toward she , run at full speed . Steven , leave with no other option , simply bounce up and down on the wire . Robin see this and join he . the cable guy begin to lose he balance . cable guy ( know he 's about to fall ) this be such a anti-climactic way to end this . the cable guy lose he balance and fall to the water below . the cable guy have surely meet he demise . 125 ext . satellitte dish - later Steven and Robin be sit in the dish , a few foot from where the water begin . they be exhaust from they ordeal . they hold each other close . robin I be sorry I do not believe you . I love you . steven I love you too . you be right . we should not get marry . I have get a lot of problem to work out which have absolutely nothing to do with you . robin we will work they out together . they kiss . suddenly the cable guy pop up from underwater . he look frightening . then he start cough uncontrollably . he look like a small boy who have swallow too much water . cable guy ( between cough ) what just happen ? where be I ? ( remember ) oh yeah , I be try to kill you . he leap at Steven , and put he in a head -lock . he squeeze until Steven pass out . the he lay he on the ground . cable guy ( to Robin ) it 's a sleeper hold . hulk hogan use it on sly stallone in " Rocky Three . " he should wake up in thirty second , so let 's get go . he hold she around the neck , and put a staple gun to she head , then walk she out of the dish . Steven slowly wake up . he look and see the cable guy and Robin beginning to climb up the rdio antenna . he quickly get up to follow they . 126 ext . antenna - night the cable guy and Robin climb the antenna . Steven follow they up from a distance . the cable guy and Robin reach a platform at the top of the antenna . the cable guy hold Robin with one hand , and hold a staple gun to she temple with the other hand . Steven climb onto the platform . steven easy . he walk with Robin to the edge of the platform . there be a one-hund foot drop to the dish below . a police helicopter hover in the air around they . cable guy it do not have to be this way Steven . I be just try to show you the kind of thing that can happen when you mistreat people . steven do not do anything stupid . cable guy you know this be just like that secen in that clint eastwood movie " dirty Harry " -- steven ( snap ) no ! this be not like anything ! this be not a movie ! we be real people ! you be hurt we ! this be reality ! the cable guy 's eye turn sad . this hit the cable guy like a sucker punch . daze , he let go of Robin . she run to Steven 's arm . from below we hear the sound of siren . a pack of police car pull up and surround the antenna . the cable guy 's expression change . he begin to look like a scared little boy . cable guy if this be reality ... ( he climb onto the guard railing ) ... I be outta here . the cable guy slowly fall backward off the antenna . steven nooo ! Steven lunge for the cable guy , grab he forearm , then grab the antenna with the other hand . steven you be not go anywhere . the cable guy hang high above the satellite dish . Steven try to pull the cable guy back onto the platform , but the cable guy do not want to be save . steven do not do this . you just need help . we all get lonely . cable guy yeah , but I get really lonely . ( beat ) I mean , look at I . steven you be gonna be fine . just come on up . cable guy ( a long beat ) Steven , I think I sit too close to the television . mommy be right . Steven can not hold onto he forearm any longer . the cable guy 's arm slip and Steven grab onto he hand at the last possible second . cable guy it 's too late for I , but there 's a lot of little cable boy out there who still have a chance . say good - bye to the baby - sitter . ( revise 11/13/95 - Blue ) the cable guy stop hold onto Steven 's hand . he begin fall toward the dish below . 126a ext . antenna - night long wide shot of the entire antenna . the cable guy fall backward toward the satellite . 127 int . suburban home - night a nuclear family be watch court tv . on the tv - a reporter speak to the camera from the courthouse . reporter this be the moment America have be wait for . we have just be tell the jury be ready to render they decision . 128 ext . antenna - cintinuous the cable guy sail through the air . as he fall he look almost peaceful . totally comfortable with what he be do . 128aa int . couch potato apartment - continuous a couch potato sit on a fold out bed , he eye glue on the television . on the tv - the court clerk be about to read the jury 's decision . court clerk by unanimous vote the defendant Sam sweet ... 128ab ext . satellite dish - continuous close on - the cable guy plummete toward the dish , about to hit . 128ac int . neighborhood bar - continuous the camera fly through the crowd at the same speed as the cable guy straight into a close up of the television . court clerk ...has be find -- we hear a loud thud . the screen turn to white noise . ( revise 11/14/95 - pink ) we hear a loud thud . the screen turn to white noise . 128a ext . top of the antenna - continuous Steven and Robin gasp . 128b ext . satellite dish - continuous from below we see the cable guy 's silhouette motionless on the strut of the satellite dish . 128c ext . the CITY - continuous a wide panorama of the city . all of the color television which can be see through the many window of apartment and house turn to white noise . 128d int . neighborhood bar - continuous the television show white noise . everyone scream at the tv . 129 omitted 130 omitted 131 ext . satellite dish - continuous the cable guy appear dead . the needle of the antenna stick through he mid-section . a red light blink at the tip of the needle . then , the cable guy 's eye open . cable guy damn , that hurt like a mother . what the hell be I think ? ( look at the needle ) oh man , that sting . Steven and Robin look relieved . cable guy a little help here ! 132 omitted 133 omitted 134 int . couch potato apartment - night a pasty white couch potato stare at the white noise , not sure what to do . he turn and pick up a book . as music crescendos he begin to read . 135 ext . satellite dish - later the cable guy be be take away on a stretcher toward a emergency helicopter . Steven and Robin be cover in police blanket . Steven call to a paramedic . steven be he go to be all right ? paramedic I do not know . it 's in God 's hand . the paramedics put the cable guy on the helicopter . the helicopter fly away . p.o.v. shot - from the helicopter look down on Steven and Robin hold each other , get smaller and smaller until they disappear . 136 int . helicopter - continuous the cable guy lie in a stretcher next to the paramedic . he be barely conscious , struggle for survival . paramedic hang in there buddy . stay with I . just stay with I . the cable guy 's eye slowly open . he motion for the paramedic to come closer . cable guy be I really you buddy ? 137 ext . sky - dawn the helicopter fly away . the end