the tattooist by Matthew grainger & Jonathan King revise 07/07/06 '' eyework touchdown Ltd 2006 eyework touchdown Ltd 5 Graham Street Auckland New Zealand black screen lilt Pacific Island music play . the soft , rhythmic strum of a guitar . woman sing a beautiful harmony . fade in : int . singapore bar - evening 1 a luminous Pacific Island scene — palm tree , hula girl and a crescent of golden sand that border vibrant ocean , illustrate 1950s style . pulling back to reveal a Pacific tapa cloth pattern border a kitsch lamp -shade . Black sambuca swirl into a shot glass on a shiny black bar . jake sawyer , late 20 , handsome and haunt - look , knock the shot back and slam the glass down . in a dark corner of the bar , Jake pick up a payphone receiver . his finger hover over the button , reluctant to dial ... he hang up . Jake pick up a leather bag from beside he bar stool . as he reach down , we see a long , pale scar on he forearm . ext / int . singapore street / sedan - night 2 rain hammer down as a dark mercede sedan roll through Singapore 's street . inside , Jake watch the light blur past the rain-streaked glass . a chauffeur drive silently . outside , the bustle give way to a more stately part of town , the affluent Holland District . ext . mansion - evening 3 the mercede pull up outside a old property . the house reek of both old money and new . expansive grounds fall away into darkness beyond the haze of rain . Jake step out of the car . Thunder roll overhead as he look up at the house . int . mansion foyer - night 4 the chauffeur show Jake into a marble foyer . a staircase sweep up into darkness . Jake shiver . a figure descend the stair . mr lim be silver haire and slight . he look like he have not sleep in week . he extend a hand . mr lim Edward lim . jake Jake sawyer . Jake shake Mr lim 's hand . as he do , we see that the back of Jake 's hand be cover with intricate tattoo . mr lim thank you for come . int . mansion live room - night 5 a well - appoint live room , mahogany and leather , pool of shadow . Jake sit in a armchair , flipping through a wear - look leather journal . Mr lim pace , wring he hand . mr lim have you ever encounter a bad spirit , Mr sawyer ? jake ( under he breath ) almost every night . mr lim it be eat he from within . so strong ... so hungry . unseen by Mr lim , Jake roll he eye . he hand Mr lim the journal . we can not see what 's on the page . jake this be what you need . mr lim ( impressed ) how do you get this ? ( continued ) continued : 5 jake ( grin ) Ed , you worry about you karma , let I worry about mine . mr lim it 's powerful ? jake ( lay it on thick ) and strictly forbidden . I be take a big risk give this to he . Mr lim hand Jake a envelope . Jake look inside . mr lim it be enough ? Jake 's eye glint in triumph : it 's more than enough . jake where be he ? int . mansion hallway - night 6 Mr lim lead Jake up a long , shadowy hallway . Jake approach the door as if this creepy set be all in a day 's work . lim open the door . int . mansion bedroom - night 7 Jake step into the room . candle flicker , incense burn . the wall and ceiling be scrawle with chinese symbol . a young boy ( 13 ) sit up on the bed . he look flu-ridd and miserable . breath rattles as he scrawny chest rise and fall . see the child , Jake look take aback — clearly this be not what he expect . from behind he , the sound of rapid , crunching footstep . Jake turn — ext . sawyer house - night - flashback 8 footstep crunch through snow . ( continued ) continued : 8 a slender teenager run towards a dark house : young jake . behind he , a dark treeline . out of breath , he look back , afraid — int . mansion bedroom - night 9 Jake blink . Mr lim watch he from the doorway . jake you never say he be a kid . he look back at the sick boy . jake ( cont 'd ) have you see a doctor ? mr lim this be not something a doctor can cure ... but you can . can not you ? Jake wrestle with this , then nod . jake if that 's the way you want to go . mr lim we must be prepare to do anything for we love one . even if it cause they pain . ( to the boy ) this be the man I tell you about . he 's here to help we . Jake sit down beside the boy , clearly uneasy . jake hey , kid . I be Jake . what 's you name ? the boy watch he , wide - eye , fearful . jake ( cont ’d ) ( smile ) strong and silent type , huh ? boy be this go to hurt ? another flicker of guilt cross Jake 's face . ( continued ) 10 11 12 continued : 9 jake you dad think it 's go to help you get better . boy what do you think ? Jake meet the boy 's eye , then look away , unable to lie . Jake open he bag . a tattooist 's needle be deftly assemble . he skim through the notebook : image of hand - draw symbol flutter past . Jake 's needle buzy . the tattoo take shape under its point : a ancient thai symbol , line etched with skill and precision . Jake wipe blood and ink from the child 's skin . he glance up to see that the boy be sobbing quietly . his father hold the boy 's wrist tightly , he knuckle white . he whisper desperate assurance to the boy in malay . behind the boy 's sob , a roar build — int . sawyer basement - night - flashback 10 shiver with fear , Young Jake huddle against a crack , grimy mirror in a dark basement corner . beside he a iron boiler roar and rattles ... tic - tic -tic -tic ... a dark figure loom , its reflection fragment in the mirror . a blade flash , slice skin , blood well — Young Jake scream — int . mansion hallway - night 11 the scream seem to reverberate around the tight hallway as Jake step out of the bedroom , bag in hand . he look back — Beyond , Mr lim kneel at he son 's bedside in prayer . Jake turn away and stride up the hall , he expression grim . customer ( v.o. ) hey ... ext . singapore tattoo expo / jake 's booth - day 12 the sprawling bustle of a convention , a multi-cultural microcosm of booth , stage , showcase and tent . ( continued ) 12 6 . continued : 12 a banner read tattoo expo 2007 in both English and chinese . Music boom . Jake hesitates , needle hover over a partially complete tattoo around a skinny forearm . the design be strike , tribal motif in black ink . customer hey ! jake huh ? his wiry singaporean customer look up at he , nervous . customer I say , be this for real ? Jake slip effortlessly back into salesman mode : jake you ever hear of a dayak tribesman with carpal tunnel syndrome ? Jake continue tattooing . behind they , a sign above Jake 's stall read mystical tattoos for protection and well -being . poster show ethnic design and they promise effect : gout , rheumatism , hemorrhoid and more . ethnic tattooing tool decorate the wall , a attempt to lend the display some credibility . customer Big night last night , huh ? jake nothing I can not handle . CUT to : Jake stuff he tool into he bag . he shoulder it , look up to see a figure watch he : mr lim . if he look sleep - deprive the night before , he now look positively zombify . mr lim you tattoo do not work . jake ( quietly ) it be just a tattoo . ( continued ) 12 13 14 continued : ( 2 ) 12 mr lim then the fault be yours . evasive , Jake look around to see who might be listen . jake ( quietly ) listen , you believe in I ching , Feng shui or faery folk , that 's you business ... but next time you kid get sick , you really want he to get better , take he to a doctor ! Jake push past lim and disappear into the crowd . Mr lim stare after Jake , tremble with rage . int . singapore tattoo expo - day 13 Jake glance back over he shoulder as he push through the crowd . Mr lim be still follow he . Jake slip between two booth — ahead be a large tent . tap - tap -tap ! the sound emanate from darkness . tap - tap -tap ! Jake duck inside . int . samoan tent - day 14 Jake stand in the shadow of the tent entrance , watch the crowd pass by . no sign of Mr lim . behind he , the tap - tap - tap continue . a young woman , sina , watch Jake from the shadow of the tent . she 's in she early 20 , beautiful , a red hibiscus flower behind she ear . her eye travel to the scar on he arm . sina can I help you ? Jake turn to see she . in awe and off-guard , he struggle to find he voice : jake I do not know . maybe . alipati ( 0.s. ) sina ! ( continued ) 14 8 . continued : 14 sina disappear into the darkness of the tent , towards the source of the sound . Jake watch after she ... then follow . the main area of the tent be bath in the soft glow of candlelight . Soft Pacific dub play from a old boom -box . Jake step forward , captivate ... semo ( early 20 ) lie half - naked amid the other man . a incredible tattoo in progress spread across he buttock and down he leg : the pe 'a , a traditional samoan tatau . the tattooist lean over he . alipati 's lean body be coiled like a spring , shine with sweat . sina sit down beside semo and begin to massage he temple . she whisper in he ear , soothing . Dark ink be pour , thick like blood . a bone tool be dip . skin be stretch taut . one of the onlooker , peni , hold semo 's skin taut for alipati — tap-tap -tap ! another tool fall and black ink spatter , then be wipe away to reveal the vivid line of tatau beneath . a general sense of calm , of serene concentration . Jake 's eye pick up other detail : a single tear run down semo 's cheek . the rag hitch of he breathe . alipati lean to whisper in semo 's ear : alipati ( cont 'd ) time out , brutha . semo move to sit up , lean on alipati for support . they head touch and they share each other 's breath , before semo nod and manage to sit up . Jake watch this exchange of trust , astonished — he 's never see a tattooing experience share so powerfully . sina watch as Jake take this all in , enjoy the impression the display be make . jake ( impressed ) Jesus . alipati look up , notice Jake . alipati you look for he , you get the wrong tent . ( continued ) 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 alipati get to he foot . his full pe 'a wrap around he thigh and torso , dazzle in its intricacy , the space between the ink luminous in the golden light . alipati ( cont ’d ) flash tat , bro — get something to prove ? Jake nod towards alipati 's tatau . jake what about you ? alipati you get the pe 'a , you do not gotta prove nothing to anyone , ever again . jake this be from the South Pacific , right ? alipati samoan tatau , outta Auckland . jake New Zealand ? Jake look around . a display of ancient tattooing tool , bone and wood bound with flax , be carefully arrange on a tapa cloth drape over a desk to one side . they look as though they have not be use for many year . Jake pick up a bone tool from the display at peer at it . the point be needle -sharp . jake ( cont ’d ) do they have any medicinal value ? you know , protection , heal , that kind of thing ? alipati ( scoff ) you mean like ' tattoos for Protection and wellbeing 's ? Jake grin , good - nature but nevertheless defensive . jake hey , a man 's get to make a live . alipati approach Jake , he gaze intense . ( continued ) 14 10 . continued : ( 3 ) 14 alipati this be not just a live . you get the pe 'a to honour the spirit of you tupuaga , who wear it before you . you get it to honour you father . and you father 's father . jake what if you father be not worth honour ? alipati narrow he eye , nod , as if Jake have just give away some crucial detail . sina watch , interested . Jake take a step back as alipati lean in close , he voice soft , emphatic : alipati the pain of the tatau , it change you . you breathe into it , accept it , learn from it . only then can you find a way through . alipati 's hand snap out and grab Jake 's wrist , turn it over to reveal the livid scar on Jake 's inner arm . alipati nod , as though the scar confirm he suspicion about Jake : alipati ( cont ’d ) you know what I be talk about . you see pain . only , you be not find a way through yours , eh ? this word strike Jake , seem to sink in ... then defensiveness kick in . he try to pull away . jake I be just look for some style to do . alipati that be not all you be look for . ( beat ) sometimes it 's right in front of you eye , brutha . you just gotta open they . Jake yank he arm from alipati 's grip , eye blaze with anger . alipati smirk and turn away , as if unsurprise by Jake 's reaction . Jake turn to leave , fume . ( continued ) 14 15 16 1 . continued : ( 4 ) 14 alipati ( cont ’d ) ( he back to Jake ) it be a rise . with a barb wire stem . Jake freeze for a moment , eye wide ... then step out of the tent . int . singapore tattoo expo - day 15 outside the tent , Jake look down — he still hold the bone and wood tool he be look at before . with a last glance back towards the tent , he stuff it into he pocket and stride away . int . singapore bar - evening 16 Jake be back in he spot at the bar , a shot of sambuca in front of he . behind he , the post - convention crowd be a blur of leather , ink and pierce flesh under black - light and neon . Jake seem disconnect from the world , he expression distant as he toy absently with the tool he steal . despite the crowd , he be alone . a heavily - tattooe middle - age man lean over . tattooed punter lemme guess — tattoo I with that and my dick 'il grow four inch overnight ? jake you never know . Jake turn away ... to see Mr lim push through the bar towards he . he look for a exit , but he 's cornere . jake ( cont ’d ) look , what do you want — a refund ? mr lim if you do not believe , you action have no power . they can cause ... only pain . jake do not talk to I about pain . ( continued ) 12 . 16 continued : 16 mr lim my son die this morning . this hit Jake like a hammer . he look away , try to make sense of this . jake he 's ... dead ? mr lim now do you understand what you have do ? jake ( weakly ) God , I be sorry ... mr lim you will be . Jake look down — the blade of a knife flick open , catch the light — Jake stumble back against the bar , crash into other patron . Jake scrabble for purchase ... he fall , bring the polynesian lamp from the bar crash down with he ... pop ! the bulb shatter and the lamp go dark . his point make , Mr lim stand over Jake and look down on he . on the floor , Jake look wretch , at the end of the line . jake go on , then ... do it . lim 's anger seem to fade , leave only pity for Jake . mr lim perhaps a man who believe in nothing be already dead . Mr lim push away through the crowd . Jake look up , daze , to see patron stare down at he . among they be the tattooe punter — he shake he head in disgust and turn away . Jake frown , notice — ( continued ) 16 17 18 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 16 blood drip from he clench fist . he open it to reveal the samoan tool . its needle point have bitten deep into he palm . the noise of the bar be push into the distance . tap - tap -tap ... tap - tap -tap ! the sound of the samoan tattooist at work . polynesian voice united in song , strangely menace . we push in on the lamp lie on its side next to Jake , towards its now dark scene of Pacific kitsch . the sound of tatau in progress intensify ... int . dream — various 17 tap-tap -tap ! samoan tattooing tool work dark skin , leave they dense pattern of ink and blood . a distinctive tapa cloth design . Beyond , flax matting disappear into shadow . tap - tap -tap ! jake' needle etch the last of the chinese symbol onto Mr lim 's son . the young boy 's eye be open , bloodshot , glaze and dilate . Dead . young jake huddle in the shadow . the boiler 's tick be indistinguishable from the sound of the tattooing tool . the dark figure loom . dark figure you have bring shame on we house . a knife blade glow red- hot against the boiler . alipati ( 0.s. ) ( distant , distort ) you see pain . only , you be not find a way through yours ... the movement of the tattooing tool become frenzied . a fist clenches in pain ... blood flow ... tap - tap -tap ! the line of pe 'a be black , vivid — graphic pattern wrap around the curve of a body in extreme close up — alipati ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) ( distant , distort ) sometimes it 's right in front of you eye , brutha . you just gotta — int . HOTEL room - night 18 Jake open he eye . ( continued ) 18 19 20 21 14 . continued : 18 the tapping of the tool swirl around he as he sit bolt upright on he bed in a shitty , neon - light hotel room . his chest heaving , Jake look across to the bedside table , and the tool he steal from the samoan . int . singapore tattoo expo - night 19 booth be be dismantle and pack away . Jake appear at a run . he reach the spot where the samoan tent be and stop , out of breath . the tent be go . Jake look down , to the samoan tool hold in he hand . fading in , the roar of jet engine ... ext . auckland airport - day 20 a plane thunder towards the tarmac , landing gear impact with a squeal . a fully tattooe Maori warrior look down from a massive sign that read : haere mai ki the whenua of aotearoa — welcome to New Zealand . Jake look up at the sign , impressed . behind he , the bustle of traveller arrive and depart . Jake head for a line of wait taxi . ext . taxi stand - day 21 a taxi driver hold the boot of the car open for Jake to load he bag . a swirl moko design encircle one of he forearm . Jake pull a language of the south pacific phrasebook from the pocket of he bag and look up a word : jake talofa . taxi driver ( shake he head ) Kia ora . Jake look blankly at he . taxi driver ( cont 'd ) ( grin ) I be Maori . not samoan . ( continued ) 21 22 23 24 25 15 . continued : 21 Jake nod , confuse . the driver slam the boot close — int / ext . taxi / central auckland STREET - day 22 a car horn blare . suv and sedan fight for space , alongside a multicultural pedestrian tide . Jake watch from inside a taxi . a glimpse of ta moko here , a samoan tattoo design there — every variation on contemporary tattooing , wear openly with pride . int . jake' apartment - various - day 23 slam ! the door close behind Jake . he stand in a empty motel - style apartment . a short hallway lead towards the bedroom . Jake put down he bag . Jake slide open the drawer of the bedside table , grab the bible that lie inside . he throw it in the trash . Jake shave . smart - casual clothes hit the bed . Jake button he shirt . Jake pick up the samoan tool from the kitchen benchtop . he look down at it , consider ... then put the tool ina drawer and head for the door . ext . bedlam tattoo studio - day 24 elaborate signage announce bedlam in stylise , manga-style script . below , the entrance to what could only be one fuck cool tattoo studio . Jake look up at the sign . int . bedlam tattoo studio - day 25 extensive mirror create a illusion of depth . tattoo artist laugh , joke , dance to japanese punk . the black and grey of the decor extend to the tattoo , which seem accomplish but soulless , generic mctattoos for trendsetter . Jake look around , impressed . crash ( 0.s. ) Son of a bitch . Jake turn to see crash ( mid-30s ) , american , heavily - tattooe and dress in designer cool . ( continued ) 16 . 25 continued : 25 crash ( cont 'd ) you get some serious ball . Jake meet crash 's glare . the murmur of conversation quell . jake come on , crash ... forgive and forget , huh ? one of crash 's tattooist , canine , approach , concerned . canine crash ...? crash ( to canine ) my first studio . Apple of my eye . this little fucker steal a design off my wall . embarrass silence . Jake return crash 's gaze , clearly guilty of this offence . crash ( cont 'd ) tattoos some South Central hip -hop who -the-fuck-is-this-guy , next thing I know they be jerk each other off over my fuck design in a sidebar on page seventeen of tattooist Magazine . guilty again . crash ( cont 'd ) then he trashes my porsche ... Jake frown — eh ? crash ( cont 'd ) ... fuck my dog , steal my amex and spend up big at sak fifth Avenue . ( start to grin ) lingerie department . ( beat ) my mother 's size . Jake 's grin now too . crash open he arm . crash ( cont 'd ) c’mere . Jake hug crash . the onlooker laugh and return to work . 26 17 . int . bedlam office - day 26 a tattooist magazine image of a young Jake mugging alongside a tattooe black man in a baseball cap and bling . Jake and crash sit on comfortable - look couch in crash 's impeccably - design designer office , the magazine open on the coffee table in front of they . crash be on a roll . crash the Pacific , it 's the heartland of tattooing — the wellspring , the source . the word ' tattoo 's ... they invent it , the samoan , the fijian , that guy . it 's the wellspring — I say that already ? and that 's good for my brand value .-».- hell , I just trade in the boxster for a bentley . but it do not make it any of you business . jake why not ? crash Cause it 's not in you blood . this guy alipati — he 's hard - core , you know that , right ? he be not just gonna hand generation of tradition down to some kid from buttfuck , Minnesota who think he 's have some kind of epiphany . Jake look away , frustrated . crash ( cont ’d ) anyway , the old Jake would not have ask — he have have just steal the design and make out like he have be do samoan tattoo he whole life . jake ( grin ) be the old Jake that much of a asshole ? crash I kind of like he . egocentric . piss off . self-destructive ... ( continued ) 26 27 18 . continued : 26 jake should have be around when he go downhill . crash you know , the only thing that set one tattoo apart from another be the guy do the work . skill - that 's what matter . ( beat ) come work for I again . jake that 's not what I come here for , crash . crash give I two day a week . i’1l throw in the company car . jake crash — crash the samoan be not gonna teach you shit , bet you anything you want . jake can you get I he address or not ? ext . bedlam tattoo studio - day 27 Jake get into the back of another taxi . a samoan driver be behind the wheel . jake Kia ora . samoan driver can not you tell a hori from a coconut , boss ? jake huh ? samoan driver I be samoan . we say talofa . where you go ? jake otara . ( continued ) 27 28 29 30 19 . continued : 27 the driver grin as he slam the taxi into gear and pull out into traffic . samoan driver Home sweet home . int / ext . taxi / otara street - day 28 Jake stare out at the pass landscape . outside the window , the heart of Auckland 's Pacific Island community offer sharp contrast to the roar of downtown Auckland . we pass people on the street , booming hip -hop , roaring car . pylon tower overhead . from the corrugate iron roof to the flower and pacific-style clothes , everywhere we look , the landscape seem to burst with the colour of life . int / ext . taxi / otara market - afternoon 29 the taxi pull up at the edge of a car-park behind otara shopping centre . the wide expanse of concrete be crowded with colourful stall and vendor , bustling with people . the taxi driver nod towards the market . taxi driver in there . Jake follow he gaze , nervous . ext . otara market - afternoon 30 Jake head through the dense throng of the market . he look around , lose , then glimpsis — a red flower . a few metre away , sina talk to a old samoan woman at a fruit stall , the red flower in she hair . Jake watch , mesmerise , as she laugh and hug the woman , then walk away . Jake follow . passersby jostle he as he push against the flow of the crowd . Jake dart between stall into another , identical row . he spin , try to get he bearing . the bustling maze of the market close in on he , trinket clothes and fruit stall ... sina ( 0.s. ) lose ? ( continued ) 30 31 20 . continued : 30 Jake turn to see sina watch he . jake I be . sina ( she point ) I think Singapore 's back that way . jake actually , I be look for you . sina for I ? jake you friend , I mean ... you and you friend . sina maybe we should go before you buy something you regret . she lead he through the market , a familiar sound float above the other : tap - tap -tap ... tap - tap -tap ! int / ext . alipati 's garage - day 31 a back corner of the market , where canvas stall give way to the back of shop and storage area . in one of they , alipati work , he back to Jake . semo , who we see be work on in Singapore sit at the head of another a young man be tattooe , opeta , mutter encouragement . peni and the other guy from the expo hang out on fold chair and mat . peni you girlfriend 's here , cuz . alipati notice Jake and sina and sigh . alipati every expo , there 's some palagi want to be down with the brown . he get to he foot as Jake step nervously to the entrance of the stall , a tattooing tool in he hand . he glare at sina . she shrug . ( continued ) 31 continued : laughter . 21 . 31 jake that stuff I say , I — alipati you come all the way to otara to apologise ? that sucker must pay you heaps . Jake look around nervously . jake you say what I be look for be right in front of I ... I do not understand . but I do now , and all that other bullshit , it 's finish . I want something real ... I want you to teach I . alipati that what you think I mean ? jake ever since Singapore , I have be think about it ... dream about it ... alipati I tell you , tatau be about more than a live . it do not start here — ( hold up the tool , then tap he chest ) it start here . jake I know . I be ready . alipati it be not skill you need , brother . alipati turn away . jake but I have come a long way ! alipati not from what I can see . Jake watch alipati , helpless . he sigh and turn away . sina watch as Jake disappear into the market crowd . ( continued ) 31 32 22 . continued : ( 2 ) 31 alipati ( cont 'd ) ( to sina ) you should know better , bring he here . sina I do not know ... there 's something about he , ali. other . he 's not like the alipati look at she sharply . alipati you want to go down that road , sina ? you uncle be not gonna like it , that 's for sure ... sina nod — he 's get that right . alipati ( cont ’d ) --. and neither do I . sina meet he gaze ... then run to catch up with Jake . alipati watch after she , concerned . sina wait up ! ext . otara street - late afternoon 32 Jake and sina walk side by side through suburban street . sina alipati 's old -school , traditional . they say he can see a tatau before he do it . that the spirit tell he what 's suppose to be there . Jake look down at he scar . jake or what be . sina tatau 's he life — he think it 's up to he to protect it . jake from what ? sina from guy like you . 33 23 . ext . mr VA 'ass house - evening 33 a weatherboard state house among other weatherboard state house . a large hibiscus bush dominate the front of the house . Jake follow sina up the path towards the door . he look across — Inside the house next -door , a elderly samoan woman cover a mirror with tapa cloth . jake what 's she do ? sina she 's cover the mirror for the night so bad spirit do not get she . jake be you serious ? sina I live with my grandma for a while in apia . there be all sort of thing we be not allow to do . whistle inside , brush you hair or laugh at night . jake and you believe all that stuff ? sina maybe . I mean , I go to church . but alipati 's teach I a lot about the old way . jake best of both world , huh ? sina for now . they arrive at the porch . sina ( cont ’d ) why do you come here , Jake ? to learn tatau from alipati ? jake I have do thing I be not proud of . and meeting you guy ... it feel like — ( continued ) 24 . 33 continued : 33 sina what , fate ? jake that 's not what I — she take he hand , run she fingertip across he scar . sina a guy with a scar like this have to believe in something , right ? they eye meet . then Jake pull he arm away . jake talk to alipati for I ? sina Jake ... jake I do not want to take it away from he . it 's he art , and I respect that . all I want to do be watch , and learn . sina ( at last ) okay . Jake grin . sina ( cont 'd ) now if my uncle come home from church and find a palagi boy on the doorstep , he ’1ll kick I all the way back to sa. literally . sina disappear inside . Jake look along the side of the house . the back garden look immaculate , lush , wild with banana palm and flower . a corrugate iron shed be visible , brood in the darkness . sina reappear . sina ( cont ’d ) give I a couple of day , I 'il talk to he . but come see I at work , okay ? not round here . ( continued ) 33 34 35 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 she hand Jake a piece of paper , then take the red flower from she hair and hand it to he , before close the door . Jake grin , then start down the path . tap-tap -tap . Jake pause , listen . tap - tap -tap . ext . garden - night 34 tap-tap -tap . Jake approach the shed and cup he hand against a dark window . the sound emanate from the darkness inside . the sound of a car pull up . headlights sweep across the lawn . Jake look around — where to run ? a car door slam . crunch ... crunch ... crunch ... the heavy tread of a man come up the path towards the house . Jake back slowly around the side of the shed . a machete lean against the shed wall . Jake kick it over . the blade clatter against the corrugate iron . Jake freeze . a dark shape on the path — a huge man , he head cocked , massive hand hang by he side . he stride towards the shed and push the door open . mr va‘a stand in the shed doorway and peer into the darkness . he wear a faitaga and churchgo jacket , with a silver crucifix around he neck . mere inch away , Jake cower against the shed wall . Mr va 'a close the door behind he and head into the house . the door slam behind he . Jake sigh with relief . PAT - PAT . PAT . Jake look down ... droplet of fresh blood hit the grass . the wound on he palm be bleed . tap-tap-tap ! the tattooing sound again , from inside . Jake peer through the window ... int . shed - night — dream 35 the darkness through the shed window become a tunnel , dim candlelight in the distance . a man lie face - down on flax mat , moan softly . a silhouette crouch over he , bony hand work tattooing tool : tap - tap -tap ! ( continued ) 35 36 37 38 26 . continued : 35 a partially - complete pe 'a design on the man 's back ... the long , sharp point of a ulalei , a ceremonial necklace of whale - tooth ... something 's wrong . the man gasp , he breath a deathly rattle . the song begin to waver and crackle , as though play off a old record . the tattoo crack and fester as fresh line split and weep . the ulalei be streak with blood and ink . the recipient turn he head — it 's Jake ! the hammer intensify and he try to ward off the blow . mighty clang continue as tattooe skin rupture ... blood and ink run together ... Jake gasp for breath . blood bloom ... a red hibiscus ... the blood cloud outward -+. a horribly bloodshot eye , its pupil fix and dilate . Jake try to pull away from the blow . the image merge and shift ... the tattooist , the rise tattoo , Mr lim 's son 's dead eye , the nightmare pe 'a in progress , the ink , the ulalei , the blood , the hibiscus flower — Jake scream — int . apartment bedroom - night 36 Jake sit up in bed , breathe hard . light from the street dance through the shadow . he open he hand ... to find sina 's red hibiscus flower , crush against dry blood on he palm . int . apartment bathroom - night 37 a small bathroom with a large mirror . behind Jake , a shower alcove with a frost glass door . he bandage he hand , then fill a glass with water . int . apartment bedroom - dawn 38 the first pale ray of dawn creep into the bedroom . a murmuring undercurrent of the dream 's cacophony . Jake sit on the bed , deep in think , he gaze fix on — the red hibiscus , its stem rest in the glass of water , on the bedside table . as the dawn creep towards it , its petal begin to revive . 39 27 . int . bedlam tattoo studio - day 39 the sound of buzzing needle fill the air . crash head towards a empty workspace , the tattooist Magazine in hand . crash tear out the page with Jake on it and tape it to the mirror , then turn to Jake with a smile of triumph . jake crash , take that down ... crash there 's the book . jake no original design ? crash get to work . he point . Jake look across to see luke , a singaporean teenager ( 18 ) , cool but nerdishly so . nearby , a young singaporean woman check out the image of bedlam 's work . this be victoria ( early 20 ) . she 's attractive and wear what look like a conservatively pretty dress . Jake approach luke . jake hey , I be Jake . Victoria turn , hold out she hand . victoria Victoria . Jake be take aback to see graphic tattoo snake out from under she dress . victoria ( cont 'd ) crash say you could be the next big thing . jake which one of you guy ... victoria ( point to luke ) oh , luke , my cousin . sorry ... do you mind if I watch ? check out you stuff ? ( continued ) 39 28 . continued : 39 jake ( uncomfortable ) okay . luke hold out the bedlam design book , open to a page . Jake glance at it , then take the book and close it . victoria be not you gonna use the book ? Jake pull on he latex glove . jake ( quietly ) you want something cool or not ? luke grin . jake ( cont 'd ) this be gonna hurt . you man enough ? luke I be eighteen ... on Saturday . jake then I guess you get nothing to worry about . Jake smile at Victoria . she smile back , clearly infatuated . Jake 's needle begin to buzz ... a outline emerge , geometric shape ... then deep block of colour , richly shade . Victoria watch Jake intently . his eye flick to she , conscious of she attention , acknowledge it . busted , Victoria look away . finally , Jake snap off he rubber glove . he step back to admire the finish design . it 's discreet but stun , a nod to the bedlam aesthetic but something more , with colour that give the image a bold luminosity . luke turn he shoulder towards the mirror and smile . victoria where have you be hide ? jake Singapore . luke no shit — that 's where we be from . ( continued ) 29 . 39 39 continued : ( 2 ) Jake smile — no shit . luke ( cont ’d ) what be you do there ? jake avoid question . use moisturiser every day , keep it out of the sun and try not to get it wet , okay ? luke take out he wallet . Jake shake he head . jake ( cont 'd ) on the house — birthday present . luke you serious ? jake get outta here before crash change my mind . luke get off the chair , reach into he jacket and hand Jake a fold piece of paper . luke I be have a party on Friday night , my folk 's place . it will not be lame , they get a pool and stuff . Jake take the invite . Victoria smile at he , intent . victoria he 'il be there . a couple of the bedlam employee smirk , watch the scene . self - conscious , Jake hand the invite back . jake I get plan Friday . Victoria shrug — suit yourself — and leave with luke , turn before they reach the door to look back at Jake one last time . crash appear . crash what be this , a charity or a dating agency ? ( continued ) 39 30 . continued : ( 3 ) 39 jake you gonna take the picture down or not ? CUT to : a band of tattoo art be etched around a large forearm , subtly echoing the geometric form of tatau . Jake frown , look down . a miniature poodle sit at he foot . the customer be graham , a burly league player turn businessman . he wear expensive suit trousers and italian leather shoe , at odd with he cauliflower ear . Jake lean in to resume the tattoo , then stop again . Graham 's trophy girlfriend chanel admire he from the counter , she eye travel admiringly across he tattoo . she chew gum . graham I be get this for she . eh , pumpkin ? get a thing about tattooe fella . chanel Graham ! chanel lean down to retrieve the poodle , a manoeuvre clearly design to reveal maximum cleavage . Jake stand back to give she room . Jake start work once again . we look away , to the bustling studio , as the needle buzy . dissolve to : different customer , different tattoo . Jake 's customer be ivan , fifty , powerful and wiry — perhaps a former soldier or merchant seaman — with a ZZ - top beard go haywire . in the groove now , Jake pull on he glove . ivan petrovich . jake Excuse I ? ivan petrovich . Ivan . Three o'clock . ( continued ) 39 40 31 . continued : ( 4 ) 39 jake right . sawyer , Jake . i'11 be you tattoo artist this afternoon . Jake eye Ivan 's weathered skin , a encyclopedia of classic tattoo design . jake ( cont 'd ) if I can some find room on here ..? ivan there 's always room . Jake 's needle buzy , shape and define . Ivan stare into space , he jaw clench . dissolve to : later . Business be wind down as Jake clear away he workspace . crash approach . crash all this colour , this expressiveness ... jake you like it ? crash get in touch with you inner mural artist on you own time . crash walk away . jake hey crash , about that car — a jingle of airborne key . Jake catch they . crash do not bleed on my fuck merino seat cover . alarm , Jake notice that a trickle run from the bandage on he hand , black and thick like ink . int . bedlam tattoo studio / bathroom - day 40 a immaculate bathroom out the back of the studio . at the basin , Jake pull away the bandage . Black ink mix with the water and swirl away down the drain . ( continued ) 40 4l 42 43 32 . continued : 40 sudden movement in the mirror — a dark figure , barely glimpse in the reflection . Jake spin , but the room be empty . he turn back to the basin , creepe out . ext . back alley - day 41 a grimy back - alley behind bedlam tattoo Studio . Jake stare , car key in hand . jake oh , man ... the company car be just that : a late-model japanese import , cover with bedlam -style tattoo design — a mobile billboard for bedlam , and seriously uncool . int / ext . jake' car / otara street - day 42 Jake drive through otara . he hold the square of paper that sina give he . he turn a corner and crawl the kerb , read the number . jake nineteen ... twenty -one ... Jake slow the car . jake ( cont ’d ) twenty - three ... Jesus . Jake look aghast . it 's a church . int . church / archive — day 43 storage shelf loom , stack with box and pile of paper . barely organised chaos . osone ( 10 ) wear cool street clothes , at odd with the depth behind he eye . he fish a fade photo from a box full of old picture . he study the face . he seem both intent on the image and distant , as though focuss beyond it . osone Mr palauni . he pass the photo to sina , who look at it . sina how do you know that ? ( continued ) 43 33 . continued : 43 osone see he round , eh . sina he die before you be bear ! sina wear a conservative blouse and skirt as she stack bulg archival box . as she lift one , the bottom drop out of it and photo spill across the floor . Jake watch from the doorway , amused . jake bugger . sina glad to see you be make a effort to learn the language . Jake kneel and help sina put the photo back in the box . osone stare , eye wide , over Jake 's shoulder — as if look at someone behind he . Jake follow he gaze — no - one there . he look back . jake hey . osone edge out of the room , as if he 's try to stay as far away from Jake as he can while he do it . Jake shrug and flip through the picture : family group shot , people in churchgo attire and ceremonial dress . jake ( cont 'd ) so this be what you do when you be not give scalp massage . sina there 's forty year of South Auckland storey in this room . my uncle 's try to make sure they do not get lose . jake look like you be the one do all the work . sina it 's the least I can do to repay he for everything he 's do for I . ( check she watch ) ( more ) ( continued ) 43 44 34 . continued : ( 2 ) 43 sina ( cont 'd ) I have to go pick up some more photo . you want to come ? jake sure . int . church hallway — day 44 sina lead Jake down a hallway towards the church foyer . Jake look uncomfortable . sina you okay ? jake if I have know I be go to church , I would have wear something less comfortable . Jake pause , look through the main door to the church . Glass panel offer a view of the pews and the altar beyond . Mr va 'a stand in the aisle , talk with a elderly minister . jake ( cont ’d ) you uncle , huh ? sina you have meet he ? jake not really . a middle - age parishioner approach Mr va 'a and the Minister . Mr va 'a take she hand warmly and smile . she beam at he . sina he 's not really my uncle — after my mum die , Mr va 'a 's wife take I in . now he 's alone , too . but he let I stay . va 'a turn , look through the glass . he see sina and smile -.. then notice Jake . his smile fade . Jake look nervous . sina ( cont ’d ) what about you folk ? where be they ? jake they be dead . ( continued ) 44 45 46 35 . continued : 44 sina look at he differently now , like she understand something about he . ext . perenese house - day 45 ragged graffiti have be spray across a unpaint wooden fence , several of its board smashed in . a car sit rusting and abandon in a concrete driveway , weed grow through the crack . nearby , a letterbox lie on its side . Beyond be a weathered state house , its curtain draw , its welcome cold . it 's as though someone suck all the colour out of this corner of otara . a unseen dog whine mournfully , a eerie soundtrack to this grim landscape . Jake follow sina from he car up towards the front door . sina knock . the door open a crack to reveal suspicious eye . sina malo Mr perenese , it 's sina . it open . mr perenese , silver -haire , middle - age , wear a fade T-shirt over old suit pants , glare at Jake — then soften as he turn to sina . perenese talofa , sina . come in . int . perenese hallway - day 46 the carpet be threadbare , the wallpaper stain yellow by nicotine . the house feel heavy with neglect . nook and cranny disappear into shadow . sina this be my friend Jake . jake how you do ? Jake smile and extend a hand . Mr perenese take it for a second , barely make eye contact . perenese ( to sina ) you be here for the picture ? I put they in a box for you . Mr perenese lead sina away down the hall towards the front of the house . Jake stand in the hallway , awkward . ( continued ) 46 47 48 49 36 . continued : 46 he pick up a old frame photo , blow off the dust : it look a hundred year old , a samoan man crouching in ceremonial dress , a traditional whale - tooth ulalei around he neck . a cockroach scuttle across the carpet , into the kitchen . int . perenese kitchen - day 47 Jake step into the kitchen as the roach scuttle away . a chip formica table and window crack and stain . a simple wooden crucifix hang on the wall . int . perenese hallway / bedroom - day 48 unnerve , Jake step back out into the hallway . from the live room , the sound of muffle voice . Jake catch sight of something in a room off the hallway : a portrait photo of a young woman on a shelf above a neatly - make bed . Jake push the door open further ... a second portrait , also of a young woman , be reveal . then another ... and another . Jake push the door open further . a middle - age samoan woman , mrs perenese , sit in a chair in front of a dresser , she line face reflect in a large , round mirror . she pull a brush slowly through she long , grey hair . her eye swivel to look at Jake in the mirror . jake Excuse I , I do not mean to ... she regards he with she unblink stare , eye empty with sadness . int . perenese live room - day 49 grey light filter through the draw curtain . everything in this room seem to languish in its place . sina they ’11l be look after , Mr. perenese . perenese Old memory ... no use to I . Mr perenese bend to lift a cardboard box . the back of he T - shirt ride up , revealing he pe 'a beneath . Jake notice it with interest . perenese follow he gaze . ( continued ) 37 . 49 continued : 49 Mr perenese 's eye blaze with sudden anger . perenese ( cont ’d ) you get a good look , eh boy ? jake I be a tattoo artist . perenese so what ? ( to sina , in samoan ) sina , why you bring this palagi to my house ? sina he do not mean to offend you . perenese glare from sina to Jake . perenese take the picture and go . 50 int / ext . jake' car / otara street - day 50 Jake drive , sina next to he . jake I think a pe 'a be something to be proud of . sina not for he . one of they kid run away , year ago , and the community turn they back on they . jake and what , he just accept that ? sina he have no choice . it make they look like bad parent — around here that 's a mark of shame . they pull up outside the church . Jake look up at the crucifix that grace its roof , he expression dark . jake maybe they deserve it . a kid do not run away unless there 's something he 's run away from . sina watch he , sense he pain . ( continued ) 50 51 38 . continued : 50 sina what happen to you , Jake ? Jake 's expression darken . jake so , you talk to alipati ? sina ( sigh ) yeah . Jake , I be sorry , but he — jake tell he he can name he price . sina what ? jake tell he whatever he want to teach I , I ‘’1ll pay it . sina Jake , tatau be not just some cure you can buy and sell . she get out of the car and slam the door . she look back in the window . sina ( cont 'd ) do not come back here , okay ? Jake watch sina walk through the church gate . he slam the car into gear and throw it into a U -turn . the car swing around — osone stand right in he path ! Jake slam on the brake . ext . STREET — day 51 Jake leap out of the car and cross to where osone stand in the road . the boy stare at he , unruffled . jake be you okay ? I do not even — osone you see he ? Jake look around . ( continued ) 51 52 53 39 . continued : 51 jake who ? osone follow you round . jake there 's no one there . osone just cause you do not see no one , do not mean there be not no one there . osone point . baffle , Jake follow the boy 's gaze to where black ink run freely from the cut on he hand . hip-hop bass pound ahead of a sedan as it pull up beside they . a tinted window roll down to reveal a large samoan man in he early twenty . sitting next to he , he brother . osone 's cousins . cousin osone ! osone run to the car and get in . the car peel away , bass thumping . Jake watch they go , bewilder . int . jake 's apartment - evening 52 Jake enter the apartment and slam the door behind he , he expression stormy . the sound of water running . Jake follow it . int . jake' apartment / bathroom - evening 53 Jake step up to the bathroom door . Inside , someone splashes in the shower . he hesitates a moment , then push the door open . Victoria 's head be visible above the shower door , the rest of she body obscure . she yelp in surprise . jake shit ! Jake duck back outside . he lean against the wall . the water be shut off . Jake peer around the edge of the door . Victoria be drying herself . ( continued ) 53 54 40 . continued : 53 she 's cover in strike tattoo , the unmistakable bedlam aesthetic . Jake 's eye widen . he duck back out of sight . jake ( cont 'd ) you always take a shower after you sneak into someone 's place ? Victoria emerge from the bathroom . she 's wear vinyl pants , boot , a tiny top that reveal every tattoo — she look ready to enter the matrix . Jake stare . victoria only when I be dirty . there 's stoli in the freezer ... see if we can not loosen you up a bit before we go . jake where ? victoria luke 's party , remember ? she sweep past he . Jake watch helplessly . int . jake 's apartment - evening 54 Jake and Victoria sit on the couch , drink vodka on ice . her cigarette trail smoke . victoria what do you think , the island princess be just go to hand over the samoan instruction book ? jake I think they have be flatter I want to learn from they . victoria well , I think you can do better than a garage in otara , Mr tattooist Magazine . jake I guess I be do okay before I come here . I be travel the world . make money ... Victoria put she glass down and straddle he , stroking he chest . ( continued ) 54 55 56 4l . continued : 54 victoria I find naked ambition such a attractive quality in a tattooist . Victoria take off she top . Jake put he hand on she waist , move they up towards she bra . she grab he wrist . victoria ( cont 'd ) first thing first . CUT to : int . apartment bedroom - night 55 Jake 's notebook , open on the bed to a sketch of a tribal design . a needle buzy . a line of tear run from the corner of Victoria 's eye towards she hair ... a soft moan escape she . CUT to : Jake frown , concentrate as he complete ... a tribal design in grey and black , encircle Victoria 's belly - button . victoria what do it mean ? jake ancient chinese cure for break and enter . she hit he playfully . he pull she close . jake ( cont 'd ) who care what it mean ? she kiss he but pull away , have second thought . victoria what 's wrong ? jake nothing . let 's get out of here . ext . suburban home backyard - night 56 a pool - side barbecue for luke 's birthday . teenage boy and girl laugh , shout and drink . some splash in the water . ( continued ) 56 42 . continued : 56 a few poser sit around in shade and designer clothes , too cool for the pool . food sizzle on a barbeque that look like something NASA design . uncle ken turn the sausage pedantically . next to he , aunt suzy watch the kid with barely - contain suspicion . both look buttone down , respectable . someone whistle . the crowd part and Victoria appear , a bottle of tequila in hand , Jake in tow . victoria ( whisper to Jake ) just play along , okay ? Jake look confuse . aunt suzy and uncle Ken glare at Victoria . one of the sausage catch fire . victoria ( cont 'd ) hey , aunt suzy . she kiss she aunt on the cheek , deliberately leave a smear of lipstick . uncle ken cover yourself up ! you want people to think you be a criminal ? victoria this be my fiance , Jake — he 's one of the best tattooist in the world . Jake stare at Victoria , astonished . a hand appear , grip he arm . Jake turn to see luke , ashen face , hollow - eye and desperate . his long sleeve shirt be well buttone , in contrast to the casual gear of he friend . uncle ken you cousin get sense . he know he would be dead if he come home with one of that ... thing ! luke pull Jake aside . jake what 's up , man ? enjoy you birthday present — luke I want to get rid of it . ( continued ) 56 57 58 43 . continued : ( 2 ) 56 a shout as a posse of luke 's friend close in . Jake step back as they grab luke and hoist he up . luke ( cont 'd ) hey , no ! no ! ignoring he shout , they carry luke to the pool and throw he in , fully - clothed . partygoer laugh and cheer . uncle Ken shake he head disapprovingly and return to he sausage . luke surface , spluttering . someone splashes he and he laugh reluctantly . Victoria appear at Jake 's side , laugh . victoria do you see they face ? Jake watch she , unimpress . victoria ( cont 'd ) do not tell I you have never do something just to piss you folk off . ext . suburban house driveway - night 57 Jake stride down the path towards he car . Victoria follow he . victoria Jake , wait up ! Jake pause , turn on she . jake be all that tat freebies , huh ? ext . suburban house - night 58 in the crowded water , luke stop move . he look around , afraid . he jerk suddenly , as if hit from below . and again . luke try to reach the edge of the pool — bang ! he 's pull back into the water . his friend splash and laugh around he , oblivious to he panic . again , luke be hit from below . he go under and resurface , struggle . the water bloom with black ink . ( continued ) 58 59 60 44 , continued : 58 a girl look down , notice the ink . she see luke thrashing and back away . other do the same , scramble for the edge . angle from above as luke stand in the centre of the exodus , a black cloud spread around he . a girl watch , horrify , find she voice ... ext . suburban house - night 59 Jake glare at Victoria . victoria I think you be up for it . that you want to have some fun . jake that use to be I , Victoria ... victoria then what do you want , Jake ? Jake meet she gaze — the answer be obvious . Victoria nod . victoria ( cont 'd ) then maybe you should go tell she . offscreen , a girl scream . Victoria look back in the direction of the sound . victoria ( cont 'd ) I gotta go . she turn and head back up the path towards the house . Jake get into he car and slam the door . ext . suburban house — night 60 the water be now completely black . luke stand alone in the middle of the pool . chonk ! with a jerk , he 's pull under . the kid begin to scream . uncle ken luke ! uncle Ken jump into the water . he dive and surface , search , streak with black ink . aunt suzy scream and run to the edge , Victoria with she . ( continued ) 60 61 62 45 . continued : 60 uncle Ken lift luke out of the water . luke gasp , he eye wide , choke , claw . luke he 's here ! luke be jerk from he father 's grasp once again and disappear back under . uncle Ken search frantically as aunt suzy continue to scream . the other kid watch , ashen -face . Ken stop move , scan the water as it settles to a glassy black sheet . luke 's body break the surface , face down . uncle Ken grab he and haul he to the edge . two teenager pull he out and lower he onto the concrete . luke 's head loll , he eye lifeless and glaze . blood and ink stream from he slack jaw . luke 's mother fall across she son 's body , wail . Victoria run up to comfort she . int . jake 's car - night 61 Jake drive , intent , grip the wheel . outside , the Auckland street be a blur . we move in , towards the bandage on he hand . the surface of the bandage bulge , darken , seeping black ink . the ink well , run down across the smooth arc of the steering wheel ... Black ink drip from the steering wheel onto Jake 's lap . he frown , look down ... in the shifting glow of pass streetlight , Jake 's hand appear to be cover with intricate samoan tatau ! Jake gasp ... the car swerve ... a horn blare ! Jake regains control . he look down at he hand , now unmark . ext . suburban house - night 62 aunt suzy shriek suddenly and pull away from luke 's body , horrify — Victoria follow she gaze , gasp in horror — under luke 's wet shirt , vivid line of black spider across he chest . samoan tatau ! we move in towards the rag line and shape . 63 64 65 66 46 . int . jake 's bathroom - night 63 the sound of run water . Jake wince as he peel off the bandage . blood and ink patter into the basin from he suppurate wound . he stare at he hollow - eye reflection in the mirror , then look down . for a moment , the inky water leave spidery , geometric line of black on the white porcelain — the pattern of the pe 'a — before it 's wash away . Jake frown ... do I just see that ? int . jake 's bedroom - night 64 Jake fall back onto the bed , the hibiscus flower in he hand . streetlight parade across the ceiling , merge and shifting , form geometric shape of light and shadow . Jake close he eye . the horn , booming subwoofer and hum of the street give way to the tic - tic - tic - tic of the boiler ... the tap - tap - tap of tatau . fade to black fade in : ext . mr VA 'ass house - day 65 Jake approach the house , past dozen of car park outside . Music emanate from the garden . hear the music , Jake hesitates . then he head up the side of the house . ext . garden - day 66 thunk ! the blade of a machete miss a log of wood and be embed in the ground . peni pull the machete free and line up the wood again . Jake stand at the corner of the house , mouth open , eye wide . the back yard be fill with people . hip-hopper , clean - cut young churchgoer , middle - age couple in lava-lavas and old people under sun umbrella . the focal point be a pig ona spit , a fire under its sizzling belly . ( continued ) 66 47 . continued : 66 towards the fence , Mr va 'a sit under a sun umbrella , surround by other member of the community . beneath he lava-lava , he leg display dense line of tatau . a young boy approach he , hand he a drink . Mr va 'a beam in thanks , ruffle the kid 's hair . the boy smile as though he 's just be bless . Jake notice sina stand nearby . he start towards she — Three young samoan guy block he path — joe , charlie and damon . Joe glare down at Jake . joe you lose , bro ? jake I be here to see sina . joe do not think so . sina appear beside they . she put a restrain hand on Joe 's arm . sina Joe , do not be a dick . Joe hold Jake 's gaze for a moment , then nod . the cousin head back to they beer . sina glare at Jake , hostile ... then soften . sina ( cont 'd ) so which part of ' do not come back 's do not you get ? jake sina , listen to I . Jake glance towards the cousin , uncomfortable . they be still keep a eye on he . he take sina aside . jake ( cont ’d ) you ask what happen to I ... I wanna tell you . Jake look down at he scar , remember . jake ( cont ’d ) there be thing I have never tell anyone . ( continued ) 66 48 . continued : ( 2 ) 66 sina thing you have do ? jake thing that be do to I . he meet she eye ... a cheer from the assemble crowd . semo and opeta , the two young man we have see be tattooe by alipati be help to they foot by they friend . they both have newly - complete pe 'a . they short lava- lava reveal the incredible extent of they finish pe 'a : from the knee to the middle of the back , beautiful pattern follow the contour of they body . sina you get the pe 'a with a friend . it 's like , by share you pain , you halve it . jake what if you do not finish ? sina then you bring shame on yourself and you family . alipati break a egg over semo 's head and sprinkle coconut water over he . alipati faalele lau pe 'a ! semo grin , look skyward and roar a samoan warrior challenge . opeta grin and hug he . the onlooker clap and cheer , shaking he hand , hand he gift — food , envelope , traditional samoan mat . sina now they be man . Mr va 'a shake semo 's hand , grip he arm with the other . his gaze be powerful , its warmth intense . mr va'a ( to semo , in samoan ) I be proud of you , boy . semo ( in samoan ) thank you , Mr va 'a . ( continued ) 66 49 . continued : ( 3 ) 66 va 'a head back towards he chair . he pause , greet alipati . as Jake watch , va 'a congratulate alipati warmly . alipati seem touch by he gesture , deferential . sina follow he gaze — sina my uncle be a tufuga back in the day . Ali be he apprentice . jake why do he stop ? sina alipati be ready , and the community need he more . ( beat ) you should really pay you respects . it 's he house . Jake eye Mr va‘a . across the garden , peni chop at the pig with the machete . as Mr va '’a pass he , he grab the machete from peni and show he how it 's do . hack ! hack -hack ! Mr va 'a carve into the pig with three brutal chop . jake I might wait till he put down the big pointy thing . sina you get a skull on you shoulder . I think you can come say hi to a old man in a skirt . sina lead Jake across the garden . hack ! va 'a slice another hunk out of the animal 's haunch . he wield the machete like he be bear with it in he hand . alipati see Jake come and step up to whisper in Mr va‘a 's ear . va 'a nod , hand the machete back to peni . sina ( cont 'd ) uncle , this be Jake sawyer . Jake , this be Mr va 'a . Jake hold out he hand . Mr va 'a 's gaze travel from Jake 's outstretch hand , across the tattoo on he arm . at last , va 'a smile warmly . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 4 ) 66 mr va'a it be a honour to have you in my house . jake the honour 's mine . Mr va 'a take Jake aside , he manner that of a wise man about to dispense wisdom . sina watch as Mr va 'a lead Jake away . alipati step up beside she . alipati I see you make you choice . sina meet he eye . his gaze be cold , disapprove . mr va'a alipati tell I you have come to Auckland to be a tufuga . Jake listen respectfully to Mr va 'a . mr VA ’‘a ( cont ’d ) do you know the national motto of Samoa , Mr sawyer ? Jake shake he head . mr va‘a ( cont 'd ) fa'avaei le atua Samoa . ' Samoa be found on God 's . but Samoa be found long before God arrive . before that time , everyone have tatau . the pe 'a , for man . the malu , for woman . it give they nobility . pride . it connect they with they tupuaga . it make they strong . then the missionary come to Samoa . and there be no dance allow anymore . no sing samoan song . and no tatau . but we keep it alive , even though some of we people think they be go against God by get a tatau . people like I believe that you could worship God without sacrifice you culture , you birthright . it be hard . but tatau be still here , and get stronger . ( beat ) and you come over here and expect we to hand it all back to you again ? ( continued ) 66 51 . continued : ( 5 ) 66 jake I be not a Christian , Mr va '’a . mr va'a nor be you samoan . ( beat ) sina will show you some hospitality . eh , sina ? look after we guest ... until it 's time for he to leave . she nod , lead Jake away . Mr va 'a watch after they . CUT to : the sun sit low to the horizon , drain the warmth from the afternoon . Jake and sina sit at the edge of the section and drink from plastic cup . across the garden , kid pack up deck chair and umbrella . jake so much of this ... I do not know if I 'il ever understand . it 's like another world . maybe alipati 's right not to teach I . sina he be wrong about one thing : you have come a long way . ( beat ) what do you want to tell I ? jake ( uncomfortable ) can we go somewhere else ? sina I guess you have see my world ... how about you show I where you be from ? CUT to : thunk ! the machete hit the ground again beside a log of wood . peni fuck ! peni pull the blade free and line up another go . sina appear at he side . ( continued ) 66 67 68 52 . continued : ( 6 ) 66 sina try close one eye ? peni Real funny . what you want , anyway ? CUT to : peni approach Mr va 'a , who be supervise the cleanup of he house . peni ( cont 'd ) Mr va 'a ? my grandma 's sick . she need someone to look after she tonight while I be at work . mr va'a take sina with you . ( shout to sina ) sina ! you go with peni tonight , look after he grandmother . sina yes , uncle . peni pass sina , on he way inside . he give she the nod — mission accomplish . she nod back — owe ya one . ext / int . motorway / jake' car - evening 67 the sun sit low over the hill . the city be golden as Jake and sina drive towards it . Jake look over at sina . she sit back in she seat and smile at he . he smile back . int . bedlam tattoo studio - night 68 Jake show sina into the dark shop . mirror reflect they silhouett shape against the pass light of the road . sina look at the design on the wall of the shop . jake I use to dream about this , when I be start out . my own place ... my own design . a few regular . sina what do you dream about now ? ( continued ) 68 69 53 . continued : 68 jake you would not want to know . sina ( nod towards he tattoo ) I want to see they . Jake take off he shirt . her eye travel across he skin . she reach out to touch a old - school tattoo on he shoulder . jake crash give I that , in San Francisco . I be celebrate — my first job , my first paycheck . ( sadly ) I feel like I could do anything . Jake close he eye as sina run she finger across he back . jake ( cont 'd ) get that in Berlin . I be cold . break . I love it . sina laugh . she reach down , run she hand across the pale ridge of he scar . sina what about that ? int . sawyer attic - night - flashback 69 bam ! a man 's hand grab Young Jake 's wrist , wrench the arm around to reveal the fresh rise tattoo . father ( 0.s. ) you have bring shame on we house . the tic -tic - tic of the boiler , close . Jake be pin in the dark corner . the knife blade be heat against the hot metal until it glow . jake ( v.o. ) I be thirteen . my father be a Lutheran minister ... father ( 0.s . ) you flesh be my flesh , you blood be my blood . ( continued ) 69 70 54 . continued : 69 the blade flash — jake ( v.o. ) he be ashamed . father ( 0.s. ) we will not defile the temple of the lord ! the dark shape of jaker father bend over Jake to work the knife . Young Jake look up in terror as a heavy gold crucifix dangle in front of he face , swinging as he father saw at he flesh . father ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) pray with I boy . pray with I . ' we father who art in heaven ...’ Father step back , hold up the rag , drip strip of Young Jake 's flesh . screech ! he pull open the iron door of the boiler — Young Jake 's eye widen — as he Father cast the tattoo into the boiler and slam the door close . tic - tic -tic -tic ... inside , the raging glow consume Jake 's flesh as the tick of the boiler continue around we . int . bedlam tattoo studio - night 70 Jake 's expression be cold , hard . sina look appal . jake I leave after that . I never go back . sina kiss he gently on the side of he neck . she close she eye . sina I want a tattoo . jake wo not they be angry if you get a palagi tattoo ? ( continued ) 70 71 72 73 55 . continued : 70 sina this be not for they . this be for I . jake what do you want ? sina the tufuga decide . CUT to : a expanse of sina 's golden skin seem to glow in the dim light . Jake run he hand across she back , trace the contour of she body , judge the right place for the perfect design . Jake 's needle begin to buzz . sina grit she tooth , take the pain . Jake focus ... a distant tap - tap -tap join the buz of he needle ... the sound continue over — int . funeral home preparation room - night 71 a sterile embalmer 's preparation room , deep in shadow . tool be laid out , next to a chart and several reference photograph of luke . machine switch on . bamf ! a overhead light illuminate — a body , under a sheet . the sheet be spot with bloom of black in . int . bedlam tattoo studio - night 72 Jake 's needle shape , hone , define ... a huge design take shape , its scope as yet unreveal ... tap - tap -tap ... int . graham 's house - dawn 73 a bottle of sleep pill on a dresser ... move to find chanel , Graham 's girlfriend , asleep under a pink eye mask . she turn over , onto a pool of glisten black on peach - coloured satin sheet . she pull off the eye-mask , frown , peel back the sheet with a wet slurping noise . chanel ( croak ) Gray ..? 74 75 76 77 78 79 56 . int . bedlam tattoo studio - night 74 Jake colour in a section of sina 's tattoo , blood-re ... int . funeral home preparation room - night 75 his preparation complete , the embalmer pull back the sheet from luke 's head ... and recoil violently at some horror unseen . luke 's hand slip , dangle from under the sheet . it be cover now in samoan tatau — even luke 's fingernails have be tattooe . Beyond , we can see that the tatau cover the body . int . bedlam tattoo studio - night 76 Jake 's needle paint a thick , dark curve along sina 's shoulder blade ... int . graham' house - night 77 the tattooing sound continue as chanel follow a slick trail of glisten black gloop across the carpet towards a close en suite door . she look down ... Black squelch up between she toe from the carpet . chanel baby Gray ... what be you do in there ? frightened now , she push the door open slowly , revealing a trail of glisten black ink on white marble , a spread pool at Graham 's motionless foot ... int . bedlam office - night 78 Jake and sina make love on the couch in crash 's office , she new tattoo almost luminous in the glow of the dance light from the street . int . various - night 79 the image reach crescendo : needle on skin , skin on skin , ink , sweat and blood ... ( continued ) 79 80 57 . continued : 79 the ink splatter floor of Graham 's bathroom ... the ink stain on the sheet cover luke bloom and spread ... chanel finally find she voice , and screeeeeeam — and we see the complete tattoo on sina 's back : a red hibiscus flower paint in vibrant colour — Jake 's boldest work yet , undeniably influence by everything he have see and learn . the graphic image dissolves to ... the hibiscus flower from before , now wilted and lifeless in its glass beside Jake 's bed . int . bedlam office - night 80 — as Jake and sina lie back , entangle , they breathe slow , calm return as the chaotic sound ebb . sina why do you tattoo that people , if you do not share they belief ? for the money ? jake because they be pathetic ... they be weak . sina it 's not weak to have faith . jake it be when you hide behind it ... use it to hurt people . sina do you ever think maybe you father be scared ? and maybe now he 's somewhere where he do not have to be anymore ? silence , then : jake he life in Wisconsin , in the house I grow up in . I have not speak to he in ten year . sina my parent be dead . I can not ever make that pain go away . but it 's not too late for you . ( continued ) 80 81 82 83 58 . continued : 80 Jake stare at the ceiling , he expression dark , conflict . CUT to : int . bedlam office - night ( later ) 81 Jake stir , restless . in the darkness , sina moan softly . Jake look over at she . she frown , twitches , eye darting under she lid — in the grip of a nightmare . ext . bedlam tattoo studio - day 82 Jake and sina stand on the footpath outside bedlam . jake can not you stay ? sina if I be not at church , people will ask question . Jake look disappointed . sina ( cont ’d ) one step at a time , okay ? jake so all that stuff about this not be for they ... about it be for you ... sina it 's for both of we . she kiss he , then pull away . he watch as she walk away down the street . int . apartment - day 83 Jake enter , slam the door . victoria ( 0.s. ) where have you be ? Victoria be stand in the shadow at the end of the room . jake you can not keep ... ( continued ) 83 continued : 59 . 83 he trail off at the sight of she : draw and haggard look . jake ( cont 'd ) shit , be you okay ? victoria luke 's dead . jake how ? victoria my aunt and uncle 's pool . in five foot of water ... in front of thirty people . jake that 's terrible . victoria it be a birthday present . I want he to be cool ... not dead . jake what be you talk about ? victoria he be cover in tattoo . tattoos that be not there two day ago . Jake frown . victoria ( cont 'd ) they be all over he , Jake . jake tattoos do not just do themselves . victoria then who do they , Jake ? do he come back for more ? Cause I have be think about it and think about it and I just can not see how else this happen . jake Victoria , whatever happen , it be nothing to do with I . victoria my uncle 's call the Health Department . he want to press charge against bedlam . ( continued ) 60 . 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 the phone ring . Jake snatch it up . jake sina ? ivan ( 0.s . ) ( on phone ) I say there be always room . but there 's not a lot leave now ... jake who be this ? ivan ( 0.s. ) ( on phone ) you start it , boy ... and now he 's nearly finish it . jake ( think hard ) Ivan ? click ! the line go dead . Jake stare at the receiver , stunne . he grab the phone book , rifle through . jake ( cont 'd ) Peters ... Peterson ... victoria Jake , do you hear what I say ? they think it 's you fault . jake petrovich ! Jake slam the phone book shut and head for the front door . victoria who be that on the phone ? Jake , I be scared . jake it be another guy I tattooe . and he 's go . she look away , she mind racing ... 84 ext . jake 's apartment - day 84 tyre squeal as the bedlam car pull away from Jake 's apartment . 85 86 87 88 89 61 . int . apartment bathroom - day 85 Victoria step into the bathroom and turn on the light . she stare blankly at she wretch reflection in the mirror , then look down , steeling herself . she pull up she top . her eye widen in horror . ext . block of flat — day 86 Jake slam he car door outside a large block of council flat in a tree-line street . the window make a rag patchwork of curtain , wash and wall hanging . int . stairwell — day 87 Jake race up the dirty , glass wall stairwell . reflection of himself surround he , shifting and move as he climb . int . block of flat — day 88 Jake emerge on a upper landing and search the apartment door . he stop at one . all the curtain be close . Jake bang on the door . jake Ivan ? it 's Jake ! silence . he bang again . the door swing open . Jake step inside . int . ivan 's flat — day 89 Jake peer into darkness . jake hello ? Jake creep into the live area . the room be trash , as if a struggle have take place . a large mirror on the wall be crack , streak with ink . jake ( cont 'd ) ( call ) Ivan ! ( continued ) 89 62 . continued : 89 crunch . Jake look down — he have step on the break remain of a light bulb . he look up — the bulb have be crush in its fitting . a thick breath from the darkness . Jake wheel . a dark shape sit in the gloom . jake ( cont 'd ) Ivan ? Jesus ... the figure laugh , quickly break into a hack wet cough . Jake cross to the window and reach for the curtain . jake ( cont 'd ) let 's get some light — ivan do not ! Jake pause . a thin shaft of daylight stream in . Ivan huddle , rock gently , a inky shadow . only the white of he eye catch the light . he lean forward , the light catch a narrow strip of skin . Ivan be so cover in pe 'a that he seem black . only tiny fragment of pale skin remain visible . ivan ( cont 'd ) the space between the point ... it 's the kill space ... jake what be you talk about ? ivan he 's finish what you start . ( click he tongue ) tic - tic - tic ... tic - tic -tic ... jake who do this to you ? Ivan rise slowly out of he chair , bone creak . ivan the ‘au ... the sausau ... Ivan move through the shaft of light , revealing more ghastly detail on he naked old body . woven into the pe 'a be the tattoo that already cover he , include Jake 's . Ivan mutter in guttural samoan : ( continued ) 89 63 . continued : ( 2 ) 89 ivan ( cont 'd ) ( in samoan ) .-. the ink ... the shame that drive my fury ... Jake back away towards the door . jake I 'il get doctor . Ivan reach out a blacken hand , the flesh of he arm withere and wet . the ridge and pattern gleam in the light . ivan ( start to laugh ) flay my bone ... my black heart bare ... Ivan 's tattooe face leer into he , blacken tooth visible behind tattooe lip . Ivan pause ... then look towards the mirror , scream — Jake wheel , catch a fleeting glimpse of a dark , wiry shape as it sweep across the break glass . ivan ( cont 'd ) he 's come again ! jake who ? Ivan start to sing under he breath in samoan — the lilt song from Jake 's dream . tap - tap -tap ! the sound reverberate around they . Jake grab Ivan 's wrist , try to snap he out of it . jake ( cont 'd ) Ivan , who 's coming ?! ivan he 's finish ... what you start ! Ivan lunge , growling . his skin break apart under Jake 's finger , flesh seeping black ink . Jake gasp in horror and stumble back towards the door . he claw at the handle and wrench it open ... 90 91 92 64 . int . block of flat — afternoon 90 Jake stumble through the door and race away from the flat . the door slam shut behind he . int . apartment - day - continuous 91 Jake crash into he apartment . he slam the door behind he and lock it . he pick up the phone and dial frantically , wait . jake come on , sina ... pick up ... he stop . the sound of water running . Jake frown , replace the receiver . Jake creep tentatively through the apartment towards the bathroom . steam billow out into the hallway . Water spread out across the floor in a dark stain . Water puddle around he foot , mix with black ink . the ink form the intricate filigree of a pe 'a design , then dissolves . Jake push the bathroom door open ... int . apartment bathroom — day 92 a pale figure be ghost behind the glass : Victoria . she look up at he , she eye bloodshot . jake ( frustrated ) Victoria ... he look down ... the water swirl around she foot be black ! alarm , Jake pull the door open — her belly be a rag black wound . Black ichor and blood spill down she leg to bloom in the water . her hand come up slowly and uncurl to reveal steel wool and finger black with ink . Victoria look up through she hair , mouth open in wordless horror . she tremble , gasp ... and screeeeeeeams ! 93 94 95 65 . int . jake 's car - day 93 Jake drive frantically . Victoria moan from the back seat . she 's wrap in a sheet . jake hold on ! he look to the rear view mirror — and glimpsis a wiry shape in the back seat , loom over Victoria — tap - tap -tap ! Jake slam on the brake and the car screech to a halt . he turn to look — Victoria writhes in pain . ink smear the seat . she be alone . victoria it huuuurrrrrrrrrtts ! Jake slam the car into gear and peel away . ext . hospital - day 94 Jake 's car pull up with a squeal outside Accident and emergency . he jump out , throw open the back door and lift out Victoria . int . hospital - day 95 Jake carry Victoria through the door . the sheet be twisted around Victoria 's body and sodden with bloom of black ink . a line of ink drip onto the gleam lino . jake somebody — we need help ! he stagger toward the reception desk . Victoria begin to slip from he arm , the sheet pull around she . Jake drop to he knee . a nurse come run . nurse what happen ? jake she 's ... sick . the nurse pull at the sheet . ink puddle out and spread across the floor . the nurse recoil in horror , look down at the ink on she finger . ( continued ) 66 . 95 continued : 95 jake ( cont ’d ) please help she . nurse ( shout ) Doctor faleauto ! the nurse back away from Jake and Victoria . Beyond , other patient in the wait room have rise to they foot , horrify . a matron appear , aghast . matron ( to the nurse ) what be it ? nurse I do not know . Black slime run from Victoria 's mouth . her eye roll . doctor faleauto , a young samoan attend physician , and a second nurse run up , push a gurney . dr faleauto on three . one ... two ... three — 96 int . hospital corridor - day 96 bang ! led by Dr faleauto , a posse of doctor and nurse burst through double door into the emergency area . Victoria writhes on a gurney , ink already soaking into the mattress . the gurney leave a trail of black ink across the floor . Jake follow the grisly caravan . dr faleauto what 's she name ? jake Victoria . dr faleauto Victoria , can you hear I ? how long have you be feel sick ? she lurch , cough a torrent of black ink over the medical team . it streak they hospital white . victoria ask ... he ... ( continued ) 96 97 67 . continued : 96 dr faleauto have you take any drug , Victoria ? do you have any allergy ? Jake stand helpless , devastate , as they push the gurney into a trauma room . int . trauma room — day 97 a second doctor and more nurse have join that hover over Victoria on the table . a nurse vainly try to staunch the black ink discharge from Victoria 's belly . Victoria 's tattoo snake out of the wound and cover she chest and shoulder — she own stylise classic imagery break down and distort by the pe 'a motif . Jake hover , stricken . Victoria grab he arm , she grip strong , she fingertip leave black smear on he skin . victoria Jake ... jake I be here . victoria what happen to luke ... not you -.. he . her eye roll back , eyelid flutter . the doctor push Jake aside . nurse b.p. sixty over forty and drop . dr faleauto get a line in . push twenty of epi. a nurse try to find a vein in she arm with a shaking hand . a needle pierce flesh . the skin break apart , discharge a thin sheet of ink that wash down Victoria 's tattooe arm onto the bed . second nurse trouble find a vein . second doctor come on ! nurse twenty epi in . ( continued ) 97 continued : 68 . 97 second nurse okay , get it ! jet black liquid stream into the clear tube from Victoria 's arm . second nurse ( cont ’d ) oh my god ... second doctor get that out . what have you hit ? nurse b.p. fifty over thirty . still drop . dr faleauto ( to Jake ) have she be overseas ? how long have she be sick ? jake I do not know . beep-beep -beep -beep -beep -beep — a shrill alarm go off . nurse she 's arrest . second doctor another twenty epi . charge paddle to one - eighty and clear . nurse paddle one -eighty . she hand the doctor the defibrillator paddle . second nurse twenty epi in . second doctor clear , dammit ! dr faleauto clear . nurse clear . the doctor place the paddle against Victoria 's chest — whump ! she jolt horribly . another torrent of ink spill from she mouth . ( continued ) 69 . 97 continued : ( 2 ) 97 nurse ( cont ’d ) still down . second doctor charge two hundred . dr faleauto clear ! whump ! the light spark above Victoria . the room flicker in and out of darkness . amid the frantic medical staff be another shape , glimpse between light and shadow — the tattooist , crouch over Victoria , he back to Jake . a break , infect - look pe 'a twist up the tattooist 's back . in one hand he grasp a bloody bone chisel , in the other a hammer . tap-tap-clang ! the tattooist 's hammer fall , spraying ink . jake there ! can not you see he ? the doctor continue work on Victoria , oblivious to the spectre upon she . whump ! the light flicker on again , and the tattooist be go . Victoria be lift off the bed by the defibrillator , she back arched . second doctor charge two -ten. ( indicate Jake ) get he out of here ! a nurse scream . clang ! clang-clang ! in three violent jolt , one of the few area untouched by the pe 'a be fill in black with brutal accuracy . the medical team freeze for a moment , stunne . Dr faleauto look at Jake . dr faleauto what the hell be this ? second doctor two-ten . clear ? nurse clear . ( continued ) 97 98 70 . continued : ( 3 ) 97 the Doctor position the paddle , push they down — spluck ! his hand break through Victoria 's chest , disappear into the cavity . tattooe rib point up around the Doctor 's wrist as black liquid well around they . the Doctor yelp and wrench he hand free , leave the paddle immerse in she chest , wire trail . he stagger away , mewl , horrify . Victoria break down as the tatau consume she before they eye . her flesh slough away to reveal organ black with pe 'a , themselves lose cohesion and dissolve into ink . two nurse be scream now . they cower at the end of the room . Jake watch in horror as Victoria bang and thrashes on the table as black ink spray from she mouth . her flesh collapse into itself as she torso fall away . ink drip off the bed onto the floor . Dr faleauto step back as the other medic panic around he . dr faleauto ( calmly ) quarantine procedure . nobody leave . Jake look around at they horrify face , then start back away . dr faleauto ( cont ’d ) Security ! security ! Jake push through the door . int . hospital - day - continuous 98 Jake slip on the shiny floor , leave inky footprint as he run away down the corridor . Dr faleauto crash through the door behind he , he white spray with black . dr faleauto Security — stop he ! a security guard block the way . Jake wheel , duck down a passage . the doctor follow . round a corner , down a passage . a stairwell — Jake take they three at a time . Jake run down a long corridor and round a corner . he look back — he 's lose he pursuer . ( continued ) 98 71 . continued : 98 he lean against the wall , panting . the full horror hit he hard and he lose it , shaking . his breath catch in he throat ... he bite down on he knuckle . footstep , and Dr faleauto round the corner . snap out of it , Jake run . he follow the passage down , around another corner , past a close fire escape — a dead end ! Jake spin , head back towards the fire escape . Doctor faleauto step up to challenge he . jake please ... dr faleauto take my brother six week to get he pe 'a . nearly kill he . never think I have see someone get one in six minute . jake there 's no time . dr faleauto you say ' can you see he 's . see who ? jake do you believe in spirit ? the doctor stare at he , stunne . dr faleauto you think a spirit do this ? jake there 's another one ... a girl , in otara . you have to let I go . the doctor narrow he eye , consider this . jake ( cont ’d ) I have to get to she , find a way to stop this , or she will die . then he step aside . Jake push open the door . as he step through , Dr faleauto put a hand on Jake 's arm . dr faleauto whatever you have start , do not bring it back here . this be not something doctor can cure . ( continued ) 98 99 72 . continued : ( 2 ) 98 Jake meet he eye , then nod and disappear through the door . int . church / archive - afternoon 99 sina sort through the box of photo she get from Mr perenese . take out a photo , she frown ... the photo be of the perenese family , pose in front of the church . Mr perenese stand proudly in the centre of a group compose of he wife , he four daughter and ... the edge of the photo have be tear away . crreeeeeaaaaak -bang ! a door slam close somewhere outside the office . sina go to the archive door . sina ( call ) be someone there ? no reply . spook , sina return to she desk and continue sorting the picture . a dark shape fill the doorway behind she . she sense someone there , turn — jake they be dead . Jake stand just inside the door , he face haunt . he 's cover in grisly splatter of ink . sina what be you do here ? jake he kill they . luke and Ivan ... Victoria . everyone I tattooe . ever since I hurt myself with this . he hold out the tool he take from the samoan in Singapore . sina this be alipati 's ... Jake , you can not keep this . jake I would have give it back , only I be afraid he would not teach I ! ( beat ) they could not see he , but I could «+ . I could see he kill she ! ( continued ) 99 100 73 . continued : 99 sina he 's skinny , with long hair . he look sick ... he pe 'a 's bleed . his eye ... jake you have see he too . sina it be just a dream ... int . church bathroom - afternoon 100 sina stand in front of the mirror , Jake behind she . she unbutton she top , then pause ... she look , in the mirror , to Jake ... and pull off she top . Jake 's eye widen as he look at she back . slowly , fearfully , she turn to look at she reflection . Fine line of raw , black tatau spider outward from the hibiscus flower — the beginning of the nightmare pe 'a . sina how long ? jake sina — sina day ? silence , then : jake hour . sina 's horror be mount . Jake move to comfort she . jake ( cont ’d ) sina , I ' will — whap ! sina slap he , again and again . Jake accept the blow . sina I trust you ! jake I do not know ! ( continued ) 100 101 102 74 . continued : 100 sina stay away from I ! int . church foyer — night 101 sina run down the hallway towards the church door . Jake chase after she . jake sina , wait — sina alipati and my uncle be right — I should never have get involved with you ! he grab she , hold she tight . she struggle — jake I promise I 'il help you . she stop struggle and meet he eye . sina you promise to ' help 's that other people , too , but you do not really believe it . why should I believe you now ? that hit Jake where it hurt . she push through the door into the church . inside , sina run up the centre aisle and stumble in front of the altar . the minister hurry over to she . Jake move to follow — Mr va ’‘a get up from the front row of pews and stand over sina . she look up at he , she face streak with tear . Jake hesitates . he take the tattooing tool out of he pocket , steeling himself ... ext . otara shopping centre - night 102 Dark in the shopping centre , shop close . a few group of youth drink , smoke and laugh . Jake hurry through the shadow , look back over he shoulder . a car revs suddenly , the nitro kick in , and Jake jump in fright . ( continued ) 102 103 75 . continued : 102 he reach the door of alipati 's garage . a light inside . Jake knock , frantic . after a few moment , alipati open the door and regards he , expressionless . alipati what you want this time ? sing lesson ? Jake open he hand , show alipati the tool . alipati 's eye widen as he take it . alipati ( cont ’d ) you take anything else ? shirt off my back maybe ? or be that everything ? jake ( shake he head ) there 's more . int . church - night 103 sina 's tattoo have spread further . Mr va 'a look at it closely , he eye follow every line of the expand pe 'a design . sina uncle , what be it ? va'a cover yourself up . sina do . she face he , tremble , terrify ... plead . va 'a watch she , compassionate , sadden . va'a ( cont 'd ) my wife and I , we never have child . you be the close I have to a daughter ... and I be so ashamed . sina crumble , tear spilling down she face . va 'a , too , look deeply aggrieve . va'a ( cont 'd ) you run around with this palagi ... embarrass I in front of everyone . and now he give you the pe 'a , not the malu as a woman should have ? sina he do not — ( continued ) 103 104 76 . continued : 103 va'a you hate I this much ? she shake she head , devastate , lose . sina uncle , I do not hate you . va'a you know I should turn my back on you . how will they forgive this ? he be cry now . sina what be I suppose to do ? va 'a take the silver crucifix from around he neck . his hand shake as he hold it out to she . va'a same as the rest of we — pray to God , that he will show you the way . sina stare at the cross , undecided ... va'a ( cont 'd ) it 's the only way . sina 's tremble hand close around the crucifix . int . alipati 's garage - night 104 Jake sit on the couch , he head in he hand . alipati pace , mutter . he look down at Jake and shake he head . alipati I have work for year to make people see tatau for what it be . pride . honour . a birthright for all samoan . but there 's always people like you , come along and think they can take without ask — jake I do ask . alipati and I say no ! ( continued ) 104 105 106 77 . continued : 104 jake if I can find out what this spirit want , maybe I can — alipati what ? take he to mickey D 's and buy he a happy meal ? Jake face up to alipati , he fist ball . then he back down . jake I have see how they die . int . church - night 105 sina sit hunch in the front row of the church . around she , the sound of sing from the assemble congregation . sina 's mouth move in muttere prayer . Beyond the hymn , a undercurrent of tapping . sina 's prayer falter . jake ( v.o . ) first the sound , the vision ... the tattoo , it grow . then the ink , from everywhere , like blood . a cough wrack sina and she double over , she hand go to she mouth . as the spasm subside , she look down in horror «+. to see fleck of black ink on she hand . jake ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) she 'il scream and beg for the end ... int . alipati 's garage - night 106 now Jake have alipati 's full attention . jake ... and then she 's go . alipati this spirit 's do this to people you tattoo , right ? Jake nod . ( continued ) 106 107 continued : 78 . 106 alipati ( cont ’d ) then I 'il make this real easy — get you arse on the next plane out of here , and do not tattoo anyone else . ( beat ) ever . jake but she will die . alipati maybe ... maybe not . jake you know something , do not you ? alipati this be not you lookout , brutha . jake listen , whether you like it or not , my eye be open now . alipati that right ? then how come you still stumbling round in the dark ? ( beat ) now get out of my garage . ext . alipati 's garage - night 107 slam ! alipati slam the door behind Jake . frustrate , Jake kick over a rubbish bin . cousin ( 0.s. ) ai not you never hear of ' be a tidy Kiwi 's ? Jake turn to see osone 's two cousin hang out beside they car . Jake recognise they , approach . they watch he coolly . jake the other day , there be a kid with you . cousin dunno what you mean . jake come on ... he say someone be follow I . ( continued ) 107 108 continued : 79 . 107 osone ( 0.s. ) skinny fella . Dead as . Jake turn to see osone , a skateboard in he hand . he nod . jake I need to know what he want . can you ... ask he ? osone nup . ( beat ) you can ak he you own self . but that 's 1l cost ya . the cousin grin . jake how much ? osone fiddy buck . for I and my cousin . jake fiddy ? osone each . int / ext . cousins 's car / motorway - night 108 Jake sit in the back seat of the car , osone next to he . the seat be cover with clear plastic . hip -hop bass pound around they . osone 's two cousin be cramme into the front seat , eye straight ahead as they drive . jake where be we go ? osone louder . the cousin in the passenger seat turn up the radio . Jake cringe as the bass get even louder . he look outside to see the tower street lamp of the Auckland motorway pass at speed . osone close he eye . ( continued ) 108 109 80 . continued : 108 osone ( cont ’d ) louder . int . osone 's cousins 's car - night 109 cring , deafen , Jake look around anxiously as the bass reach earth -shatter proportion . light seem to fly past the window . Jake grip the door , he knuckle white . osone 's eye dart under he eyelid . a thin line of blood trickle from one of he nostril . suddenly , the pound bass be obliterate as a burst of static rip through the car , a deafen pulse of white noise that oscillate with a undercurrent of angry whisper . the cousin drive the car brake hard . ext . auckland motorway - night 110 the car slam into a sharp skid , slide sideways onto the hard shoulder and come to a stop . a car behind swerve around it , lay on the horn . int . osone 's cousins 's car - night 111 the roar of whisper be deafen . Jake block he ear . osone convulse . spot of blood flick from he nose and ear , splattering the plastic cover the car 's interior . terrify , Jake try to hold he . jake what 's happen ..?! the cousin watch impassively from the front seat as osone convulse . his hand whip out and grab Jake 's arm , vice - like . his voice boom — a adult voice . multiple line of song overlap in a distort , hair-raise cacophony : osone / tattooist o Le tatau a victoriaoa / I le mafuaaga lenei to iloa / I le taaga of le tatau i victoriaoa / o le malaga a teine e toalua ... jake what 's he say ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : 111 cousin something about tatau . jake ( to osone / tattooist ) who be you ? osone / tattooist ( samoan ) I be the ' au and the sausau ... cousin the tattooing tool ! osone / tattooist ( samoan ) I be the singer and the song ... cousin the singer and the song . osone / tattooist ( samoan ) the killer and the dead ... cousin the killer and the dead ! jake what do you want ? osone / tattooist ( samoan ) to kill . cousin he say he want to kill . jake why ? the tattooist 's roar shake the car ! osone / tattooist ( in English ) the shame !!! jake what be you ashamed of ? the static seem to reach a crescendo as the tattooist 's roar echoe around they — ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) 111 jake ( cont 'd ) tell I ! boom-boom -boom ... the static give way to deafen hip - hop once again . the cousin in the passenger seat flip off the radio . silence descend . osone sit up . he wipe blood off he upper lip . jake ( cont 'd ) get he back — I be not finish ! cousin can not do that , brother — he 's just the smaller , eh. driver cousin _ ( giggle ) like a medium — but smaller ! the cousin crack up at the joke . osone you can not boss that one around , eh . they be pure . angry — that 's it . you wanna try boss round a thunderstorm ? or ... a piece of wood ? jake okay , I get it , I get it . so what be I suppose to do now ? osone quit you job ? jake I already get that advice for free . driver cousin tatau be not really we field of expertise , eh. cousin ( to Driver cousin ) you be too chicken to get yours , eh ? driver cousin shut up ! Jake 's mind be racing . ( continued ) 111 112 83 . continued : ( 3 ) 111 jake take I to church . cousin sweet as . for twennie buck . driver cousin and petrol money . Jake dig in he wallet . osone man upstairs be not gonna help you out . jake it 's he flock I want to talk to . int . church - night 112 the Minister stand before the congregation . the churchgoer be on they foot , united in song . they voice soar toward the heaven . at the front of the congregation , sina sit with she head bow over va 'a 's silver crucifix necklace . her eye be close as she lip move in prayer . a hand on she shoulder ... mr va 'a , stand next to she , sing loudly . bang ! the church door swing open , frame Jake . at the pulpit , the Minister stop in mid-so . churchgoer follow he gaze , include Mr va 'a . sina look up , daze with shock and fear . the song peter out as Jake stride down the aisle . by the time he reach the front , a blanket of shocked silence have descend . all eye be on Jake . Mr va 'a step into the aisle , a hand on sina 's shoulder . mr VA 'a you be not welcome in this house . jake please ... tufuga . Mr va 'a be take aback at Jake 's deference . ( continued ) 112 84 . continued : 112 jake ( cont 'd ) a angry spirit be use I to kill . if I can learn who he be , I might be able to stop he . the churchgoer mutter to each other — what 's he talk about ? mr va'a do not bring you palagi nonsense in here . jake sina , show they . mr va'a she do not need you help . sina look up at he , the crucifix clutch in she hand . she do not look so sure . mr va‘a ( cont 'd ) ( to sina ) you tell he , you place yourself in God 's hand tonight . she get to she foot . mr va‘a ( cont 'd ) sina ! jake sina , please ... trust I . Mr va 'a step close to Jake and sina , he voice lower , heavy with shame . the community listen with bate breath . mr va'a you have damned she body , boy — will you take she soul as well ? jake sina , God can not stop this ... but I can . sina look between they , make up she mind . sina uncle , I be sorry ... mr va'a you be not my aiga . ( continued ) 112 85 . continued : ( 2 ) 112 she meet va 'a 's gaze , devastate ... then step past he into the aisle . jake show they . she raise she top , revealing she tattoo to the congregation . in the congregation , a woman in she late 20 stand with she husband . her eye widen with recognition , she hand go to she mouth . she look around for support . Mr va 'a 's expression roil with barely contain fury . his fist clench tight and release , clench and release . jake ( cont ’d ) ( to the congregation ) the spirit who do this will continue , until she 's dead ... or until he shame be end . mr va'a ( to the congregation ) no , this be we business ! up the back , the woman 's husband place he hand on she arm . husband ( sotto ) let Mr va 'a deal with this . jake ( to va 'a ) you turn you back on people you be ashamed of . but if you turn you back on she , it 's you who should be ashamed . sina uncle , please let they speak . mr va'a ( roar ) I say leave ! Mr va 'a face the Minister . he start to sing , loudly , confidently . around Jake and sina , the congregation join in , uncertain at first , until the church be once again fill with song . sina take Jake 's hand and begin to drag he down the aisle towards the door . ( continued ) 112 113 114 86 . continued : ( 3 ) 112 jake you can ’t just let her die ! the woman in the congregation watch Jake and sina pass . she look around , catch the eye of some of the other . they nod encouragement — go on . ext . church - night 113 Jake burst through the church door , support sina . as they stumble away from the church , sina stagger and go down on she knee , retching ink . Jake kneel to cradle she , desperate . sina ( disorient ) I can see he ... the church door open behind they . Jake look up — the woman from the congregation , stand at the top of the step . she look desperately down at they , as though about to speak . her husband appear behind she and grab she arm roughly . she look up at he and he shake he head — no . Jake remember — int . perenese house — day — flashback 114 the bedroom door creak open to reveal a photo of a young woman on the shelf behind the perenese 's bed ... then the next photo , then the next ... and finally the last perenese daughter . ext . church - night 115 recognition hit Jake as the woman 's husband pull she back into the church and the door slam shut behind they . jake I have see she ... CUT to : int . perenese live room - day - flashback 116 perenese stoops to lift the box of photograph . his shirt ride up to reveal he pe 'a . 87 . ext . church - night 117 sina raise she head . Jake look at she , he eye fill with hope . jake I know who the tattoo belong to . int / ext . jake 's car / perenese house — night 118 Jake stop the car . sina look up at Jake , fleck of black on she lip . sina ( weakly ) I be scared . jake lock the door . Jake climb out of the car . sina lock the door behind he . a rough neighbourhood by day , it 's scarier by night . Music boom from a house further up the street . dog bark . a few door up , neighbour sit on the front lawn . Jake walk up to the edge of perenese 's property and peer around the neighbour 's fence . the house be dark . he scurries up the side of the house . around the back , Jake try the back door . it open . int . perenese house — night - continuous 119 Jake creep inside , through the kitchen and into the hallway . dim light filter in from the street . Jake push open the bedroom door . the photograph of the four young woman on the shelf above the bed smile at he in the darkness . Jake scan the room , then turn to the mirror . a white cloth hang over it . Jake pull it away ... to reveal he own reflection . he stare into the dark glass . jake where be you ? Jake head down the hallway , deeper into the house . he push open a door — a bathroom . the next door be lock . ( continued ) 119 120 121 122 123 88 . continued : 119 Jake stand back , consider ... then , pow ! he kick the door . the wood crack and the door bang open . the air around Jake seem to rush into the room as if into a vacuum . int . perenese house / bedroom — night 120 Jake cross to the window and yank open the curtain . Street light wash in , illuminate — a boy 's room , with a teenage lifetime 's accumulation — a rugby ball , toy , book and cassettes — all neatly arrange on the shelf and dresser , await they owner 's return . photo adorn the wall . a school portrait , a league team , a smile teenager hold up a fish in one , in another wear a suit with a teenage girl on he arm . and a final photo . Jake lift it from the wall . the perenese family in front of the newly build church — perenese , he wife , four daughter and he son , stand at the edge of the frame . it 's the same photo sina find tear in the box of photo , but this one be complete . the young man in the photo be the tattooist . thud ! from elsewhere in the house . Jake freeze . int . jake 's car - night 121 bang ! the car rock . sina jump . a wind seem to swirl around she . she look around nervously . a shape move in the reflective glass of the window . int . perenese house / bedroom — night 122 voice , the sound of the front door close . frantically , Jake look around for a weapon . int . perenese house — night 123 Mr perenese step out of the light of the live room into the dark hallway . he call over he shoulder : perenese ( in samoan ) I do not want to eat . I be not hungry . ( continued ) 123 89 . continued : 123 the old man stop in he track . Jake stand in the open doorway of the boy 's room , a samoan cricket bat in one hand , the photo still hold in the other . perenese stare Jake down with the eye of a man who have face the worst life can deal he . jake what do you do to he ? perenese I do not know what you be talk about . jake you son . perenese we do not speak of he ... he bring shame on this house . Mrs perenese appear in the live room doorway . at the sight of Jake , she gasp . perenese ( cont 'd ) call the police . jake what do he do ? speak up to you in public ? skip church ? what ? perenese seem take aback by Jake 's fury . perenese he be a pe’a-mutu . he do not finish he pe 'a . you happy now ? jake and you kill he , you son of a bitch . you be so afraid of what people would think — perenese no ! tear well in perenese 's eye , he shoulder bow with the shame . jake if you really care about he , you would have let he choose whether or not he get a pe 'a . ( continued ) 123 124 continued : 90 . ( 2 ) 123 perenese more than anything , he want to be aman ! I say , he be too young . but he ask I ... he beg I to get the pe’a . jake if he want it so bad , then why the hell do not he finish ? huh ? perenese I do not know . before he get the pe 'a , I pass on to he the ulalei give to I my father , to give he the strength it give to my family . he take it from I . I never see it , or he , again . jake I have see he . perenese ( hopeful ) lomi ? where be he ? jake I be hope you could tell I . perenese please ... I do not understand . his confusion be genuine . Jake look away , think hard . int . jake 's bang ! the jake how do you find out he be go ? perenese he say he go to the tufuga , for the pe 'a . but the tufuga never see he on that day . jake who be do he pe 'a ? S car - night 124 car jolt . sina look around wildly . something move in the wing mirror ! she spin again — a dark shape shift past the rearview mirror . it 's inside the car . click — the car door unlock in unison ! ( continued ) 124 125 91 . continued : 124 sina scream and lunge for the driver 's door . she slam the lock back down . thump ! bang on the glass outside . sina gasp — Jake be at the window . jake it 's I ! shake , sina unlock the car and Jake get in . jake ( cont ’d ) his name be lomi perenese . and I know who kill he . Jake start the car . int . mr VA 'a' house - night 125 a vintage stylus ride a wave of warpe vinyl as a old record spin . the music be the eerie samoan song from the dream of the tattooist , punctuate by the muffle crackle of needle on scratch 45 . Mr va 'a 's church jacket hang over the back of he chair . Beyond , Mr va 'a carry a white lace cloth and drape it over the mirror in he live room . banging on the front door . his eye narrow warily . va 'a open the door ... and relax . mr va'a ( in samoan ) alipati , it 's late . alipati finger something in he hand . va 'a look down : the bone and wood tattooing tool be in he hand . va 'a look back up , wary once again . alipati ( in samoan ) when you hand down you tool , what else do you pass to I ? mr VA 'a ( in samoan ) come in . 126 127 128 129 92 . ext . mr VA 'ass house - night 126 Jake 's car pull up outside va 'a 's house . Jake open the door for sina and help she up the side of the house . she moan in pain , stumble . sina you can not ... accuse my uncle of murder ... you need proof . jake we will find it . we just gotta know where to look . sina he use to ... work in he shed . lock ever since . the faintest tap - tap -tap ... a ghostly memory . jake ( to himself ) right in front of my eye . Light spill out of the live room window onto the pathway ahead . the curtain be open . Jake risk a peep over the windowsill and gape in surprise . int . live room — night 127 Inside , alipati pace nervously as he speak to va 'a in even tone . he indicate the tattooing tool that sit on the dining table . va 'a glare at he , eye blaze . ext . mr VA 'ass house - night 128 sina retch . Jake cringe and pull she against he to muffle the sound as droplet of ink patter onto he chest . a shadow fall across the pathway ahead . above they , Mr va 'a loom at the window . he stand sentinel for what seem like a eternity . below , Jake do not dare to breathe . int . live room — night 129 Mr va 'a stare out of the window . his own reflection on the glass come into focus . he yank the curtain close . 130 131 132 93. ext . garden — night 130 Jake breathes a sigh of relief . keeping low to the ground , he and sina stumble towards the shed . int . live room - night 131 Mr va 'a turn from the window to where alipati pace . alipati ( in samoan ) it 's always bad luck for they to get the pe 'a alone ! alipati turn he back , head down as he gather he thought . immediately va 'a move — lightning quick for a man of he size . he lift a small table from beside he easy chair and smashes alipati on the head . alipati crumple . the song end as the needle run into the groove at the end of the 45 ... lift ... and return to the beginning . the song start again . int . shed — night 132 the door scrape open , sweeping a shaft of moonlight across old flax mat and dirt floor , a rake and shovel . a dirty mirror lean against one wall . Jake lie sina against the wall and kneel beside she . she be fade fast . the tattoo be spread up she neck now towards she face . he stand , look around . on the wall , a familiar tapa cloth , fade with age but recognisable . Jake kneel , examine the flax mat , stain in patch . jake I have dream this place . he pull up the flax mat . the dirt beneath be pack hard , but uneven . he grab the shovel . clang ! Jake bring the shovel down on the hard earth , dislodge a chunk of it . clang-clang ! he hack again , churn up the ground to reveal — a dull , pale section of skull . teeth protrude from its jawbone . ( continued ) 132 133 94 . continued : 132 sina why ? Jake crouch and put he arm around she . jake it 's finish now — that 's all that matter . lomi 's get nothing to be ashamed of . sina nestle she head against he and close she eye . Jake look up , to the dirty mirror against the wall . a glimpse of a dark shape stand over they — clang ! sina 's eye flick open in shock . a massive spasm wrack she body . more line of pe 'a appear , snake up she neck . alarm , Jake turn back to lomi 's remain . jake ( cont 'd ) we know you do not run ! what more do you want ? he stare in anguish at the bone ... and see something else in the dirt . he scrabble frantically with he hand , unearthing a necklace of long whale tooth , a traditional samoan ulalei . the one from the image in Mr perenese 's house . jake ( cont 'd ) it 's not about he shame ... the shame be on he family . the bang of a door from outside . Jake spin , terrify . he look out of the shed to see — ext . garden - night 133 head down , Mr va 'a drag alipati across the garden by he hair . jake you be gonna need a bigger shed . va 'a drop alipati and glare at Jake . before Jake can act , va 'a step to the edge of the shed and lift the machete from where it lean . with surprising agility , Mr va 'a lunge . the machete whoosh through the air , glance off the iron wall as Jake sidestep . he tackle va 'a , shove he out into the garden . 134 135 136 95 . int . shed - night 134 the tattooist emerge from the shadow at the end of the shed , he eye fix on sina . ext . garden — night 135 Mr va 'a find he foot , swing the machete sideways , backhand , crack Jake over the head . Jake reel and fall on the grass . va 'a stand over he , swing the machete . Jake reach for a piece of firewood , swing it up like a shield ... the machete whistle down — chock ! the blade stick in the wood . va 'a rip the wood from Jake 's hand and shake it from the blade . he swing again . Jake roll — thunk ! the blade sink deep into the ground . Mr va 'a lean down to grasp the machete with both hand . Jake scramble away and race towards the house . int . kitchen / live room — night 136 Jake slam the kitchen door shut . he lock it - smash ! the machete smashes through the glass . Mr va 'a reach inside claw for the lock . Jake scramble into the live room , look for ... the phone ! he snatch up the receiver , reach for the button as — smash ! the machete cleave the plastic in two . Jake jump clear , pick up one of the dining chair — smash ! a blow from the machete shatter it , leave Jake with a piece of wood . mr va'a do not anyone ever tell you not to fuck with a islander with a machete ? Mr va 'a swing — thunk ! the blade lodge in the dining table . Jake grab Mr va 'a in a rugby tackle , slamm he against the wall . vvvvvvip ! the needle scrape off the 45 as the record player crash to the floor . 137 138 139 140 141 96 . ext . garden - night 137 alipati stir . he pick himself up , groan . blood run down the side of he face . he shake he head and get unsteadily to he foot . int . shed - night 138 sina look up as the spirit stand over she . his eye blaze with malice . weakly , she crawl towards the shed door . the tattooist raise he hammer — tap - tap-clang ! sina cry out in agony . a shadow fill the doorway — alipati . his eye move from sina to the excavate grave . alipati sina ? sina hold something out to alipati in a shaking hand . sina perenese ... take this to Mr perenese . int . kitchen / live room — night 139 Jake slam Mr va 'a against the wall . jake you be a murderer ! mr va'a no! int . shed - night 140 a brief flash of the dream image ... flesh fester and weep + . lomi 's fist clenches in pain . mr va‘a ( v.o. ) his pe 'a be infect . int . live room - night 141 Jake glare at va ’‘a . ( continued ) 141 142 143 97 . continued : 141 jake he could have be save ... there be doctor — mr va'a like you , they would not have understand . va 'a shove Jake back across the room . he advance , wrenching the machete from the table . jake so you kill he and say he run away — you bring shame on the perenese instead of on yourself . int . shed - night 142 lomi gasp in agony on the flax mat . the dark shadow of Mr va 'a stand over he , the machete raise . the blade fall — chock ! int . live room — night 143 Jake press up against the wall as va '’a approach , menace . mr va'a he get sick because he spirit be weak ! it be a mercy , to kill he . jake what about sina and alipati , Victoria , luke ... they blood 's on you hand too ! it 's you who should be ashamed ! mr va'a I would rather die than live in shame ! va 'a throw Jake back into the sideboard , grab he by the throat with a meaty fist and raise the machete . he swing — thunk ! the blade be bury in the wall . as Mr va 'a wrench the machete free , Jake scan the room for a weapon . his eye alight on the tool on the table alipati bring with he . Jake grab the tool and run for the door . 144 145 146 98. ext . perenese house - night 144 alipati bang on Mr perenese 's door , out of breath . from inside , the sound of approach footstep . the door open , and Mr perenese stare out at alipati . perenese what do you want ? alipati hold something out to Mr perenese . he look down at it , he eye fill with tear ... the whalebone necklace , lomi 's ulalei . ext . garden - night 145 Jake race out of the house , crossing the garden to the shed . jake sina ! int . shed - night 146 Jake burst into the shed and look around wildly . Signs of a struggle ... patch of black ink , splatter and a trail , lead to a dark corner . Jake step closer . sina huddle there , she breath rag and erratic . jake sina ..? clang ! Jake turn towards the sound : the mirror . a glimpse of the tattooist straddle she , he tool fall with cataclysmic force . she flinch with the might of each blow . jake ( cont 'd ) ( roar ) leave her alone ! va'a ( 0.s . ) let she go , boy . it be a mercy . Jake spin to see va 'a stand in the doorway , the machete in he hand . he be cover in blood , dirt and sweat . he look like he 's at the end of the line . jake never . va 'a nod , like he expect this . he heft the machete . ( continued ) 146 99 . continued : 146 va'a then get use to this place . you be gonna be here for a long time . va 'a raise the machete , lunge , as — Jake step aside and plunge the tattooing tool into va 'a 's neck ! Mr va 'a roar in pain and stumble back . he wrench the tool from he neck . it squirt blood , then a plume of black ink that slow to a trickle . Mr va 'a look blankly at Jake ... then sneer . mr va'a I wear the pe 'a boy . one little prick be not gonna hurt I . jake wait 'il you see what this little prick can do . va 'a scoff ... then look past Jake to the shadow . glaring from between light and dark be the tatooist , the fury that have keep he from peace burn in he eye . va 'a 's face go slack with terror . he look to the tool in he hand , then to Jake , realise what Jake 's do . wind sigh through the wall , under the roof . the strumm of the guitar , the lilt song . va 'a back away , stumble into lomi 's grave and fall . he whimper in fear . Jake gather sina in he arm . clang ! Mr va ’‘a jolt . blood bloom on he T-shirt . va 'a rip off he T-shirt to expose he torso — streak with blood . a fresh line of tatau extend from he pe 'a . va 'a look to Jake in absolute horror . in the mirror , another horrifying glimpse of the tattooist , stand over va 'a , hammer brutally ... va 'a moan in panic , thrashes in pain . then he freeze as he look past Jake ... to where Mr perenese stand in the doorway , alipati behind he . perenese hold the ulalei in shaking hand . Jake look to the mirror — the tattooist look up from va '‘a , he eye burn with rage . held aloft ready for another blow , he tool drip ink and blood . ( continued ) 146 100 . continued : ( 2 ) 146 see the grave , Mr perenese approach slowly . tear run down he cheek . Jake watch , move by the old man 's emotion . va 'a begin to crawl weakly away into the shadow . perenese go down on one knee at the edge of the grave . he look up at Jake mournfully . perenese for my shame , I be sorry . if I be hard on he , it be only because I love he so much ... my son . jake I understand that now . Mr perenese hold out the ulalei . in the mirror , a flicker of the tattooist , crouching in the grave . the ulalei fall through the apparition to grace lomi 's bone once more . the wind seem to sigh through the structure of the shed , as though relieving it of some great burden ... then silence . a thick coughing from the corner ... va 'a . Mr perenese turn , stride over , stand over Mr va'a . slowly , emphatically , Mr perenese unbutton he shirt to revealing he spectacular pe 'a . then he bend , pick up the machete . va 'a cower as Mr perenese raise the weapon , he eye burn with rage — jake ( cont ’d ) wait . perenese turn , aghast at Jake 's intervention . perenese you know nothing of this . jake he need to pay for what he do ... perenese ( nod ) as he must — with he life . jake he say he have rather die , than live in shame . perenese think about he , he eye never leave va'a . ( continued ) 146 147 101 . continued : ( 3 ) 146 perenese there 'il be no mercy for he . at last , perenese allow the point of the machete to rest in the dirt . alipati stand beside he , look down at Mr va 'a in disgust . alipati there 's another price he can pay . mr va'a ( humble ) what do you ask of I , tufuga ? Mr perenese hold the machete out to va 'a — take it . va 'a 's eye widen in fear , realise what it be that perenese want . he grasp the machete with a tremble hand . Jake 's eye widen in horror as offscreen , va 'a give a thick , ugly moan . Jake turn away . he cross to sina and lift she in he arm . as the sound of va 'a 's penance continue , he step out of the shed and disappear into the darkness . fade to black the sound of samoan voice united in song - a funeral hymn . fade in : ext /int . cemetery / perenese house / jake 's apartment - day 147 the song continue over a series of intercut image : the sun break through the cloud above — the church cemetery . a large crowd of mourner stand around a unseen grave , singing in unison . the perenese house — car , van , ute pull up outside . Mrs perenese step out onto the front doorstep , confuse ... then break into a tearful smile . jake' hand caress sina 's back , the tattoo he give she , the chaotic mark of lomi 's pe 'a , now heal into rigid scar . on the perenese pathway , member of the community make they way towards the house , they expression conciliatory . one by one , they hug Mrs perenese . ( continued ) 147 148 102 . continued : 147 jake' needle buzy , join the break line of tatau , add colour , definition , beauty . sina lie face down . Jake lean to whisper . jake do it hurt ? sina ( shake she head , smile ) not anymore . the graffiti on the fence be paint around , coloured , incorporate into a Pacific mural , beautify ... the break window pane be replace ... jake tattoos across sina 's belly — a image wholly original now — beautiful , vibrant , a tattoo of life . in the garden , kid play while other rally around the perenese . Mrs perenese sit in a garden chair , she dress brightly coloured , she smile wide . the cemetery , where the mourner make they way towards the church . the tattoo complete , sina smile up at Jake . he put he arm around she , kiss she , the image of they tattoo seem to merge into a whole . fading in , the sound of a ringing tone ... int . jake 's bedroom - day 148 Jake sit on the edge of he bed , the phone to he ear , wait as the phone on the other end continue to ring . finally , a click as the connection be make . father ( v.o. ) ( on phone ) hello ? jake hey , dad ... it 's I . tear in he eye , Jake smile as we ... fade to black fade in : 149 150 103 . ext . mr VA 'ass house - day 149 a grey South Auckland day . a van pull up , homecare write on the side . a middle - age white woman step out — a homecare volunteer . she take a plastic cover tray from the back of the van and head towards — Mr va 'a 's house , now fall into disrepair . the garden be wild and overgrown . where the shed once be , there be a naked pit contain rubbish and garden waste . the volunteer head up the driveway towards the back door . int . mr VA 'a' house - day 150 move slowly through the house . the silence be oppressive . the sound of a key in the lock , then the volunteer let herself in . volunteer ( call cheerily ) Mr va 'a ? homecare ! no response . she step tentatively inside and creep down the hallway . the further into the house she step , the more creepe out the volunteer look . curtain be draw . object , clothes , empty plate lie strewn . fly buzz . she step into the live room , look around and gasp — Mr va 'a 's chair be a dark shape at the end of the room . rattled , the volunteer approach slowly . volunteer ( cont 'd ) Mr va 'a , my name 's Rachel ... I have you lunch for you . va 'a 's fist clench and unclench on the arm of he chair . a low insane cackle . try to ignore he , the volunteer busy herself , unpack he lunch . va 'a pound the arm of the chair in frustration . we glimpse powerful arm cover in raise scarring . mr va'a the shame ... ( continued ) 150 104 . continued : 150 volunteer now Mr va ’‘a , you will need to calm down before you can — she turn to he with he lunch , see he and gasp despite herself — we push in to find he now : below the chest , he body be a contoure mass of scar tissue where he pe 'a have be cut from he body . a jag landscape of pain , carve and suture , pitte by the removal of deep chunks of flesh , in other place flay and then graft over . mr va'a ... the shame ! on this ruin of a man , we ... fade out